-sfT-r>

NCE you try Shellubrication, you'll never want to be without it. Not only because Shellubrication means guaranteed efficient lubrication, but because of the many extra services it includes... at no extra cost.

Every Shellubrication dealer is pledged to vacuum or thoroughly brush out inside your car... rubber dress your running

boards and tires... silence all body squeaks... check your

lights... shine all chromium... wipe off body and fenders...

and provide many other services that help preserve the original newness of your car.

Drive in to your neighborhood Shellubrication dealer's today.

Ask him about this modern carupkeep service.-

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1938

SphwqJtxmsL IS HOME TIME

is NEW at springtime. Trees NATURE

come forth with a NEW garb of green. Buds burgeon out in NEW

shades of bloom. Our fairfeathered

friends return and begin again their

NEW homes.

Make your surroundings new also this spring. If you contemplate a new

home, we are now prepared to take care of your building program on a new, simplified plan. We are able to

FINANCE the building as well as to assist you in lining up your blueprints and other incidentals with less time... less

trouble... and less expense.

TF you plan to RENEW your present home by remodeling or addition, we are prepared to finance your program without mortgaging your home and without a down payment.

Springtime is home time. Join the springtime parade by mak-

... through our simplified plans ing your surroundings NEW

... which make building a pleasure.

SUGAR HOUSE LUMBER & HARDWARE CO.

1164 East Twentyfirst South St.

Phone Hyland 555 M. O. ASHTON, Manager

What a U. S. Army General once /Mmprouementfra said about the Mormon people?

'The Glory of God is Intelligence'Page 196

at sunset instead vice is held of Grant, Heber J.

; sunrise? 231 Page Widtsoe, A.APRIL, 1938 John Where in the West the Easter SerVOLUME 41 NUMBER 4 Editors What should be the relationship of

Richard L. Evans, the Ward Teacher to his "flock"?

"THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH'Marba C Josephson,Managing Editor Page 200 thirteen countries In President what Associate Editor OFFICIAL PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, ORGAN OF THE press found Grant an and open Morris, George Mgr. General Q. ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMUTUAL IMPROVEMENT

Cannon, welcome? Associate Lucy Page warm 204 G. Mgr, OF MUSIC EDUCATION, COMMITTEE, MENT WARD

, Business Orton K. Mgr. J. TEACHERS, AGENCIES CHURCH OF THE OTHER AND extent what the of the growth To SAINTS. OF LATTERDAY JESUS OF CHRIST

Church depends on the activity of its Priesthood? Page 202

How long the law of tithing has been operating modernly and what it means to the Church today? Page 206

JhsL jdctoHL (paqsL How the Church compares with the

To One Who Fears For His Testimony Heber J. Grant 199 wholerate forUnitedCancer?StatesDiabetes?on its deathSocial Diseases? Rheumatism? Digestive Diseases? Appendicitis?

Alcoholism? Pages 210214

The Teacher "Watches Over the Church Always"WhatmonPresshas characterizedrelationshipstheforMorthe

David O. McKay 200 year? Page 216

Priesthood and Security John A. Widtsoe 202 What has been the evolution of soOne Hundred Years of Tithing Sylvester Q* Cannon 206 called Christian baptism?- Page 218

Some Statistical Comparisons Dilworth Walker 210 What are the vital points concernFor Time and Eternity Leah D. Widtsoe 220 ing marriage which prospective

Church Moves On, 226; Priesthood: Melchizedek, 232; brides and grooms should know?

Aaronic, 235; Ward Teaching, 237; Genealogical Society, 238; Page 220

Seniors, Adults, Executives, 239; Messages:

is the the social message of 239; What Gleaners, Explorers, 240; 240; 240; Men, MutualM M MenGleaners,239; of Book does what and Mormon Security, Girls, Scouts, 241; 241; Juniors, 242; 241; BeeHive

it say voice of concerning "the 255.

the people"? 222 Page

Sp&riaL J&alwuLL. Whatavailablenew heretoforeChurch bookcomparativemakes

A Voice from the Past Charles A, Callis 196 lyProphetinaccessibleJoseph utterancesSmith? Pageof the227

The President's Year Richard L. Evans 204 Where is soap made from coal? A Challenge to the Church in the News J>age 230

Marba C. Josephson 216 What are the current Priesthood

The Protestors of Christendom James L. Barker 218 instructions from the General AuSome Thoughts on the Social Message of the Book of thorities? Pages 232236

Mormon Jean Wunderlich 222 What eminent Swedish Genealogist

Zion Easter Pageant Scheduled Again, 231; On the Book has recently visited Church arRack, 227; Homing: I'm Glad I'm Alive, Edith Welch, 229; chives? Page 238

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 247; Index to What are the plans for the Boy

Advertisers, 252; Your Page and Ours, 256; Here's How, 252. Scout Church Jubilee?

Pages 241242 fcdtttfuahu EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL

The Law of Tithing John A* Widtsoe 224 50 North Main Street,OFFICES:Salt Lake City, Utah

Copyright 1938, the by Young Mutual Men's Marriage 224 Temple Widtsoe John A*

Improvement Association Corporation the of L. "Every Whole"Richard Evans 225 Whit Church Jesus Christ Saints. Latterday of of

All rights reserved. Subscription price, $2.00

a year, in advance; 20c Single Copy.

as secondclass matter. for Acceptance

at3>iciwn, (paribuf, fooAAwxrul (Pu%%Isl Utah,mailingEntered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, Beckoning Roads—Chapter 3 Dorothy Clapp Robinson 208 authorized 1918. July 2,

is Improvement not The responsible Sport Era Florence Strong 215 A Good Act of October, 1917, for unsolicited manuscripts, but conwelcomes

Frontispiece: 198; Poetry tributions. Miracle, Miranda Snow Walton, All manuscripts must be accompanied

Page, 228; Scriptural Crossword Puzzle, 254. by sufficient postage for delivery and return.

NATIONAL ADVERTISING JhsL Qovsuv Edward REPRESENTATIVESS. Townsend, San Francisco

JHerhaps the greatest modern symbol of the spread of truth and enlightenment is the GeorgeE. J. PowersT. Hopewell& Co., Chicago& Co., New York

radio; and radio and Temple Square in Salt Lake City, and the Tabernacle organ Hil. F. Best, Detroit

and choir, have become ideas inseparably associated in the minds of the entire North MEMBER OF THE AUDIT BUREAU OF CIRCULATIONS

American continent—and beyond. From here our leaders speak, our music is heard, and

our thoughts are given utterance over many lands. This composite picture, executed by A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY

Fielding K. Smith and D. F. Davis, pictorially represents these closely associated ideas. MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

Say, mister, you don't use nearly as much II gas and oil since you bought a Chevrolet!"

M'kSS:

The economy you get when you change to a new 1938 MODERNMODE

STYLING Chevrolet is the kind everybody welcomes, because it is economy attained without sacrifice of performance; comPERFECTED

HYDRAULIC BRAKESfort, or durability. With a Chevrolet, you save not only

in fuel and oil costs, but also in first cost and in operGENUINE ating and maintenance cost. You get more miles to KNEEACTION*

the gallon of gasoline, more miles to the quart of oilALL-SILENT and, in addition, you get more in style, in comfort, and in ALLSTEEL

BODIES safety. In short, you get more motoring enjoyment, satisfaction, and value when you get a new 1938 Chevrolet. VALVE IN HEAD

ENGINECHEVROLET MOTOR DIVISION, General Motors Sales Corporation, DETROIT, MICHIGAN

General Motors Instalment Plan—Convenient. Economical Monthly Payments.

A-General Motors. Value. FISHER

NO DRAFT VENTILATION V"#ficNEVROZEl *On Master De luxe

only. "THE CAR THATJS COMPLETE"models

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1938

VOICE A FROM THE PAST

By CHARLES A. CALLIS

Of the Council of the Twelve

'"The selftold story of Brigadier

General Anson Mills presents a brief pen picture of Brigham Young and his people.

Utah in the long ago, gives a brief but welldrawn pen picture of the great Mormon leader. The picture

is worthy of perpetuation. General

Mills'story follows:

BRIGADIER GENERAL ANSON MILLS At the expiration of my leave, I was ordered to the command of Fort Bridger,

Utah, [Territory] where my company had

P. volunteers, EdGeneral under The

relieved. being were The Connor, AT Captainthe closeAnsonof theMills,Civil ofWarEl arrivedward in my absence.

over took Paso, Texas, territory in a the posts the both were and throughoutThousands of women harassing the soldiers condition, chaotic 1865Bridger, of Fort their local FULcommand patronizethe West Gentiles the the encouraging and Mormons commissioned Later 1867. he was

... all their for needs Dealers Paint persecutions. in unlawfulLER

in Paints, Cleaners. Waxes and Brigadier General, United States I was prejudiced against the Mormons,

Salt in Lake City, best people the found they but were He visitedWallpapers. Army.

the country, ones the only and would who their slowly wended when people

Well do they know that the word way in wagons through its dusty filleverycontractsdevice fairly.to beatThetheGentilesgovernment,practicedbut

FULLER is a pledge of highest qualunpaved streets. the word of a Mormon was his bond.

the too,ity. appreciate, comFort Lewis, They Major commanding With Story, autobiography, In his My

I at called Salt Lake, Brigham upon decoreliable advicepetent on and Mills Douglas in 1921, General published like Grant, looked Young. General He Fuller that everyrative problems in the his experiences records West I believe, sincere earnest and, and a was an

Dealer is so well prepared to give. when he was in command at Fort and conscientious man. He said he was

Ask for free booklets and color Bridger. Whenever this historic glad to meet a regular officer, because the

well, treated regular but them always army thatcharts is scenes will be an inspiration to fort of, forms spoken and volunteers that the been had under Connor beautifying.spring past of the the move dimness from faith. to those of the demoralizing Mormon

See Your Local like a dream before the consciousDiscussing my prejudice against his people,

I answered which he asked and of those who know the story about Fuller Paint Dealer ness frankly, said: doubtless he have "You of the West.

disloyal are to the Union."heard we

P. Connor, General to flying the flag his ing Edward Tabernacle, over P. GO.W. PointFULLER & the since said every it had he waved day famous Douglas, of Fort founder Salt Utah Lake City and Ogden, I his invitation began. attended war Upon fighter a staunch backer Indian and

his the next heard and Church him preach of the mining industry, dawns on Sunday.

us out of time gone by. He express- I visited the Tabernacle in company with

ed considerable bitterness of spirit his sonin-law and saw open on the pulpit the inspired they from volumes which but Church, toward the Mormon preached: the Testament, Old the New power the mellowing and revealingFULLER Testament, and of Mormon. the Book He

of the passing years enabled him to presented a copy of the latter to me, insee the situation more clearly. scribed with his name, which I still have.

rechanged mind my My experiences PresidentPAINTS Brigham Young When their the people. garding I believe Mormon

in into court unjustly haled was equal of inculcation the Church any in the 1870, General Connor offered to go of those qualities which make the Mormons bail for him in the sum of $100,000. lawabiding, industrious, economical, and

faithful all their to agreements. in his Mills, Brigadier General

Mills, Story, Brigadier General, From by Anson My in description of graphic conditions 1921, S. A.. 104, 103, 105. pages U.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1938

IliiMIHtllllltnHIIIIUMIIIiMlirHlinilllllMllliflMIMIMMnillUllllinilfiMUHIiniMIIIIIIIIIIM hlllMIIIIIIIIIIIMMIllIIII liriMNIIMMMinnMUIMItMIMMIinMlfMIUtMlilinitlitillMIMIIillMliniMlinilMlllinMllHIIIIIIIIllllllMlllinilinillinilltMiltnilllllHIIIllllllllllllllllItinill 1938 SUMMER SESSION AT THE UTAH STATE AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE

SEMICENTENNIAL YEAR

Will Begin Monday, June 13, and will Continue for Six Weeks, to Friday, July 22.

Resident Faculty Members, together with eminent, visiting educators of recognized scholarship, will offer courses in graduate and undergraduate work.

EDUCATION: PHYSICAL EDUCATION:

Dr. George C. Kyte, University of California Professor Eugene Roberts, University of

Dr. Jean Betzner, Columbia University Southern California

Member of the State Department of Bernice Moss, State Department of Public

Education Instruction Dr. Henry A. Dixon, Weber College HEALTH EDUCATION:

Em Eccles Jones, Demonstration Dr. Edna Bailey, University of California

Kindergarten Utah State Department of Public

COACHING SCHOOL: Health

L. B. Allison, California (Football) SOCIAL CASE WORK: C. S. Edmunsen, Washington (Basketball)

Bessie McClenahan, University of SouthECONOMICS: ern California

Dr. Sheldon C. Tanner, Penn State ETHICS:

VOCATIONAL AGRICULTURE: Dr. John A. Widtsoe

Nationally known authorities Dr. F. L. West

DAILY LECTURE PROGRAM

Dr. Alexander Meiklejohn, Philosophy Dr. Edward Davison, Literature

Dr. Paul Popenoe, Human Relations Dr. Philo N. Buck, Literature

REGULARLY SCHEDULED POST SESSION

[ July 25August 19

= - 'i | REQUEST A CATALOGUE | UTAH STATE AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE j f LOGAN, UTAH

'Hi i lillin i,...1 1;i >. 1 1:. < M j I: II:!!) I,,.,1 1 H! M! 1 1 il<; M 1 1 1 111 1 1 1. >. 1 1 K.! I II I! I II 1 IIJ1 i: i Mi Ml 1 1! I i I: I!>:<!.! 1 1 1.! W > >. 1 1: 1 1 1 N 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 [ II I II >>li 1 1 1 1 1 li M! 1 1 i! 1 1 4! U r M 111 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 II 1 1! 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 II > i J 1 1! 1 1 >! 1 1! 1 1 1 1 1 J I > H I [ 1 1 1 1 T 1 1 i 1 ] i i I K J 1 1 1 1 J 1 1 1 1 1 1 i 1 1 1 1 1 1 1! 1 1 i 1 1 1 M 1 1 1 E i i I i I <U I,

Hail\\\:::;:, Miracle

1as s By MIRANDAeis; a

SNOW WALTON

[""I E sat beside the open fire, his strong back

bent with toil, His thin hands, gray with age, were gnarled from years with wind and soil;

He spoke of days when he was young, of work his hands had done, Helping to build a commonwealth from sage and sand and sun.

u l helped my father chisel stones, to build a house of prayer, We made a shrine for God, and placed a lofty organ there."

He voiced but one regret, "That year we had to move away Before 'twas done. I've never heard that

mighty organ play.

Each year I've tried to leave, but always there was work, you know, And now,"his gray eyes filled with tears, "I'm just too old to go///

I crossed the room, and turned a dial: a glorious

melody Thrilled the mute air, fulfilled his wish; Heaven

had heard his plea.

I looked into his reverent eyes, and did not think it odd That, in the radio, he saw a miracle of God.

Dedicated by the author to her pioneer father,

Henry Brooks Snow

OmTD Hhe EDITOR'S PAGE

JhsL PAMukntJL TYbi&AaqsL io Owl

S TO A BY WRITTEN HAND HIS OWN A FIFTY AGO. FRIEND YEARS THAN MORE

]U[ore than fifty years ago a friend of President Grant, residing in another city, wrote that he had no testimony of the truth of the Gospel. This admission

brought forth from the President, then only thirty years of age, a reply mingling cold reason and inspiration in a manner that gives answer not only to the

President's friend but to all who feel themselves in like position. In going over the President's voluminous

and carefully kept papers, his daughter, Rachel Grant

Taylor, came upon this letter which we reprint here not only for the value of its message, but also as a thoughtful insight into the straight thinking and inspiration of a young man who fulfilled the promise of his youth.

My dear friend:

You claim that you have no testimony of the truth of the God's spirit to depart from them. ) is another item that would

Gospel. I am inclined to the opinion that you felt almost as naturally appeal to one's reason.

if you had written what was not so when you penned those It would frighten my reason if, when I found men increaswords. I shall not enter into an argument on the subject, ing in wisdom and good acts, I found them drawing away

knowing that it will do no good, as no amount of argument from the Gospel; but I have during my entire life to find a

would change your position. If the spirit within you did not case of this kind. When men stop praying for God's spirit,

feel condemned when you wrote that you had no testimony, they place confidence in their own unaided reason and they then I am sure that you are walking on very dangerous gradually lose the spirit of God, just as near and dear friends, ground, and my advice to you is that you start in and devote by never writing to or visiting with each other, will become your time to fasting and prayer until you obtain a testimony. perfect strangers, so to speak. The minute a man stops sup-

I can't give you a testimony any more than I can do your plicating God for His spirit and direction, just so soon he eating and thinking for you. The history of our people and begins to become a stranger to Him and His works.

the history our enemies are making and have made against us I might go on and write a dozen pages in the same vein as is as strong a testimony as I know anything of, so far as I have started and you would find nothing in them that would convincing my reason goes. The fact that crime cannot live give you a testimony, or perhaps nothing that you had not

in the Church and that the Church has stood and can stand thought of yourself. Earnest, honest, and sincere prayer to

because of the testimony in the hearts of the people, even God is worth more to you than all I can say or write.

if half or twothirds of the leaders were to make shipwreck of their faith, is another item. The fact that men live Godlike Everything is progressing favorably with me. The family

... With assurlives and testify to the truth of the Gospel (Why? Because and I are in the possession of good health.

their lives entitle them to the spirit of God, and they can ances of regard and esteem, and best wishes for you and therefore testify by its aid.) and then do evil and testify that yours, I remain,

the Gospel is not true (Why? Because their lives have caused Sincerely yours,

Heber J. Grant.

The teacher "watches

C TATISTICS ARE ONE THING AND FINE IN THEIR PLACE

—BUT THIS MATTER OF WARD TEACHING INVOLVES

THE GREATER SERVICE OF BEING SINCERELY INTERESTED

IN THE TEMPORAL AND SPIRITUAL WELFARE OF OUR "FLOCK"AND DOING SOMETHING ABOUT IT WHEN

SOMETHING NEEDS DOING.

The teacher's duty is to watch over the church always, and be with and strengthen them; And see that there is no iniquity in the church, neither hardness with each other, neither lying, backbiting, nor evil speaking;

And see that the church meet together often, and also see that all the members do their duty.

And he is to take the lead of meetings in the absence of the elder or priest. (Doc.

& Cov. 20:5356.)

A careful analysis of these duties discloses the fact that the Ward

Teacher possesses six leading qualifications; viz., those of watchman,

strengthened arbitrator, guide, exemplar, and leader.

WHHhe Gospel,"said Paul, "is Matthew, and others in the 14th, The responsibility of seeing that is there with "hardness no each 16th, of 15th, chapters 17th saland the unto of power God other, neither lying, backbiting, nor prayer, including the sermon a John, is, salvation;"the to that

evil is signifispeaking"particularly life; life the but bread His of was on individual.vation each of Every cant. the this In of performance the in principally converting spent child the of Lord is a and God,man

is there duty principle manifest the It that individual. was seems He his in in his happiness,is interested

arbitration, of the expounded by if neceswilling wait, centuries for to Savior'ssalvation. the That was Prophet cenover Smith Joseph a until the individually sary, had men Savior's His example. thework, tury civilized ago; yet nations today the that with transformation comes individualpolicy to the was make

it just are to beginning to the apply truth of the His of testimony genuineright; the that group then knew He settling international of difficulties divinity. right;of individuals so would be we disputes, that and seemingly and

find in this persons, conversing find with that example same Him We little with success.

dispensation expressing appearedand His choicest many of after He to What does this responsible officonversations. in personal the In theteachings Smith. Prophet Joseph do Ward cial—the Teacher—now of said: Peter Doctrine Covenants met and and many "Thy He present practice? general under And indito shall given called revelations the be Cephas, werename in this question, asking answerand

later,stone,"of objection the source to by and same a viduals—a it, is ing there casting of thought no objectors listening, to to book. others theApostle Such some and "Upreflections, but face the must we

I significance this will the build not rock church, understand doon my First, facts. visits he once a month

it inrelates to the hell of shall as of God's the gates work not preand less is frequently. or apYet he dividual.vail it."against pointed "to the over watch Church

Israelite, Nathaniel, met an He has all this to do Now what with always."Second, reads he either

guile.in there was no whom this: Simply Teaching? AnWard leaves of the bishop, or the message

followed and Him,drew John it for the family to read. Third, he

to recorded His first them made He if few, any, questions regarding and—theThese WardrepresentativesTeachers—areof thethebishopmen asks

utterance: "What seek ye?"who reach the individual, the men the attitude toward Church doctrine.

To the woman of Samaria: "God upon whom the responsibility rests Fourth, he makes only cursory inis a spirit; they that worship Him to convert, to comfort, and to teach. quiry, if any at all, regarding hard

must worship Him in spirit and in Ward Teachers are on the firing feelings towards other members of truth."line. Under our present undertakthe Church. Fifth, seldom, if ever,

To Nicodemus: "Except a man ing I can see a vast contribution to does he ask about attendance at Sacbe born again, he cannot see the the Church Security Plan if we can rament meetings, and yet that is one

Kingdom of God."get our Ward Teachers to do their of his specifically assigned duties.

To Zacchaeus, He taught the lesduty. And I use "if"advisedly. I Sixth, very few teachers keep person of giving, and the folly of taking believe we can have a different atsonal records of individuals in theirmoney which did not belong to him. titude towards this work—not undo district regarding Church activity

So we may go through His entire or change what we are doing, but and assignments.

life. It is true that He preached throw a different light upon it.

wonderful sermons as recorded in For example, the Lord has said Tf you will turn to your reports, you the 5th, 6th, and 7th chapters of just what the Teacher's duty is: will find that the statistics relate

OVER THE CHURCH ALWAYS

is to see By PRESIDENT DAVID O. McKAY The Ward Teacher's duty

that all members do their duty.

of the First Presidency Then, in the monthly report, there may be given in addition to other statistics such facts as follow:

more to the labors of the teachers Name than to conditions or duties or wellPresident McKay has long advoPriesthood held being of those visited. On a typical cated a new concept of the work Office or Church Activity

has Teacher, and the Ward report card, appear these items: of so Attending to Church duties stake at general, preached and ward Priesthood gatherings and conferHarmony—Yes or No

name. Husband's for brief, his plan in ences. Here, will the Priesthood holding (Some men etc. name, Wife's attitude in changed TeachWardis is of face to out face be with a who man meeting. attended Sacrament Times will care take attitude which fault. is finding aing—an harmony, him Give who in family. persons of Number statistics also the perof mere and the to himself, then a express chance visit. the at of those present Number of the service being higher form right, wisely and Teacher, the can has who visited. families Number interested genuinely informed and right.) set kindly him at called not home. and on Number spiritual the concerning temporal and

Priests'the of (President High accessible. not Number our wellbeing of Position—people—and Superintendent, School so, Quorum, Sunday called on. not Number the Teacher "Watches Over The

it is) or whatever Always."Church

These are statistics which do not Active?—Yes.

cover, excepting in two instances, YesDoesor No.he keep the Word of Wisdom?

the specific points that the teacher their neighbors and with the Church. (The question of tithepaying and fast

is is this All very teach. to required left offerings the bishop, to should be who is in your a here young But man

it will instruct the bishop's Brother is Brown, to for us good, but not possible is neglectful, district indolent, who those senior and over member include attitude our and some change sick. spiritually sour, with him representative Be five families, to soand- Brother admonish revegiven the fundamentals of by tithes offerings.) the in of so and him, payment him, to strengthen to comfort

lation? see: the ward, Divide Let us alone, a formal visit not on

will but at Then the monthly report to the that each group as it is now, so can make. opportunity every you contain, let us say, no more than bishop may include, for example, the

following five families. to each Assign group for Teacher. the Now much Co

five the families of of one member is It Priest? the the about what Summary Priesthood, one Melchizedek and teach, preach, "to Priest of the duty

district. in the Total number Teacher's the quorum. of member all to exhort to expound, come and visits of made. Number that ordained Let Teacher—not cottage hold Christ."can to visits will of those include the (These He it not duty Deacon; their Priest—whose teachers regular work, two on who go are now. as doing meetings some

is, statistics, assist of the care take visits special also adult and of the any such lay emphasis Let upon us arrivals, in member. removals, reporting new will Priests meetings. young Those

in in with auxilquorums, members number harmony The appointments Brother of to the house come in the neighbors Church. and will iaries, missions. wards, and He like should say: and Brown "We (If five families, in the 25 and have we it, is capable to he glad be and do in a your to meeting cottage hold in are 20 harmony80%.)

it. of the the duty But of doing

district."this for Having house attending Number 60% meetings—15 is the to adult over watch member to duties attending permisNumber obtained Brother Brown's 88% purpose? always. For what Church the of Keeping Wisdom Word 96% invite will sion, the those young men

specific six duties the perform To alike to members nonmembers and viz., this the to to Teacher hands him; guard, given has The God their meeting, conto to be come of arbitrate, then, has, bishop the to report to to strengthen, be who direction. their ducted under They of lead. standing the of the to to exemplary, membership admonish, and

is the of teaching; the that are duty

the enters the Church. he he enters home When teach, Priest, exhort, to preach, and

father, it authoritatively, the and I that believe Teaching in Ward all or invite to Christ. to come

absent, father the if the be mother of the greatest opporis one of the the there adult But member respectfully turns over the housePriesthood and that ordained tunities in all the world to awaken hold to him. The Adult Teacher Teacher will act independently of in those who are negligent, disin ascertaining will the lead take sad, couraged, downhearted, and Priest. by the in Sacrament will be They

visits authoritative the standing such life reenter and a desire to next note those renewed meeting and Sunday attitude of of each and member in into of activity the Church Jesus at are meeting. the present who this that family. every not say Do will activity Christ. such they be By all in of the members They know

is difficult duties or is your making spiritual into atmosthe led back district, their will note the presence more arduous. It is a necessary or absence of any one of their phere which will lift their souls and

service and a privilege. charges, and when they meet any give them power to overcome weakSome families do not need so much they will commend or exhort as nesses which are now shackling

attention. You may already know occasion merits or demands. A them.

of their circumstances and spiritual casual remark such as "We missed To give help, encouragement, and condition. You can casually call you at Sacrament meeting last Suninspiration to every individual is the

and find out how they feel and how day evening,"may inspire to action great responsibility and privilege of harmoniously they are living with more than a fifteen minute lecture. Ward Teachers.

BRIGHAM YOUNG AND HIS PEOPLE VIEWING

THE SALT LAKE VALLEY.

From a mural in the Union Pacific Station,

Priesthood Salt Lake City.

TheChurchdivinelySecurityinspiredProgramL. D. hasS. SECURITY

great progress, made more W By DR. JOHN A. WIDTSOE

itthan expected, time since in the was undertaken. However, there is Of the Council of the Twelve

much yet to be done. Provision has

been made for caring for the poor; \I7hen the men of the Church holding

relief is thebut yet of unemployment duties, their perform Priesthood the the to fully be accomplished. future The is cansecure. always Church The Churchof the Program, the accomplishment its body of Priesthood. above not rise

itsof purposes, acon the depend tivity of the Priesthood of the

Church. Indeed, the Church Securties, the Church is always secure. may win the happiness of existence.

ity movement will succeed in proThe Church can not rise above its It is also the authority by which portion to the support given it by the body of Priesthood. No law is more mortal man may assist in the conPriesthood bearers of the Church. clearly set forth in sacred history. summation of the purposes of the

The life and vitality of the Church Priesthood, always preeminent in Almighty with respect to the human are drawn from the Priesthood with the Church of Christ, is the power family and all created beings.

which the Church has been enof God. It has been with the Lord Through it are manifested the attridowed. Auxiliary organizations and from the beginning; it is eternal. It butes and the works of God.

all similar helps can give but feeble is the force or tool, the creative eleIn the words of Brigham Young service if the power of the Priestment, by which the heavens and the (Discourses, p. 201 )

them.hood from be withdrawn Even fashioned, earth were and by made of the Priesthood which of God, Son The the Securityso with the Program, in their places held are they which is perfect order in a and our midst, have weprogress the of which depends upon all creation positions, this of alone government, can which and and system by

exercise of the power of the Priestdeliver the human family from all the evils use the Priesthood menhood. As LEFT: A GROUP GENERAL OF THE AUTHORwhichthem happinessnow afflictanditsfelicitymembers,hereafter.and insure.. it SECURITY STAKE OFFICIALS ITIES AND AND will theconferred them, so upon

are, the the worlds were which law OF CELERY INSPECTING THE is by ACREAGE THE all its activities prosper.Church and PRIESTHOOD. STAKE WELLS It is will forever continue and ever. and

IN JUAB RIGHT: OF STAKE WHEAT VIEW of the holdthe Church menWhen existinto that system brings worlds which PRIESTHOOD. BY THE GROWN

ing the Priesthood perform their duPhotos Courtesy Deseret News. ence and peoples them, gives them their

LEFT: HARVESTING SECURITY""CHURCH days, months, weeks, fore Priestrevolutions—their part of a righteous any IN PRIESTJUAB AS WHEAT A GROWN STAKE theiryears, times, seasons which and and by HOOD PROJECT. help. to bless hood movement and it scroll, rolledthey as are were, as a up RIGHT: OF A GENERAL GROUP THE AUTHORideal high Priesthood of a The into state of existence.and a higher go ITIES OFFICIALS AND VIEWING A STAKE

CHURCH SECURITY STOREHOUSE. quorum is that of true brotherhood,

When the Priesthood is conferred Photos Courtesy Deseret News. under the laws and requirements of

upon a person, he receives a portion the Lord. The spirit of Priesthood

of this matchless, divine power, by Program or any similar need will is simply the spirit of true brotherwhich, if he obey the laws of the stir the whole Church into correshood. A group of brethren working

Gospel, he may actually perform ponding action. This is the great toward such an ideal become irrewith more ease and certainty every responsibility of the Priesthood. sistible in overcoming difficulties and

task of life, whether of a spiritual achieving desired results. The world

or a temporal nature, for personal or TThe organization of the Priesthood is waiting for the service of such general human welfare. Whenever into quorums, really groups of brotherly organizations. Peace on

the bearers of the Priesthood exerbrethren blessed with the Priestearth will come when men look upon cise this power, and all acts should hood, makes it easy for the men of one another as brethren.

be directed by the Priesthood, they the Church to perform their priestly Four great objectives have long move conclusively to the full accomduties. The relatively small number been set up for the quorums of the

plishment of every righteous underassigned by revelation to each quoPriesthood:

taking of Therefore, the Church. to the quorumgroup rum enables better acquainted, through become 1. Toin their lies, primarily, hands intimately the condition and careful study, the doctrines the know of the with Gosfuture of the Security Program. This needs of every member. Moreover, pel and their applications to life. The Gosin class pel Doctrine School and Sundayshould thought of every sober be the effunction such a group more may

offer courses Priesthood the of regular study Priesthood the has uponman whom unit, fectively, as a in accomplishing for instruction. the Ignorance such means conferred.been tasks as assigned accepted such and the of has no place quorums among

Priesthood implies leadership. the helping of their brethren who Priesthood. The Gospel is ever characterthe

revelations ized of truth possession declare of the Lord and the use by theThe in distress, carrying or the be may

.. for of truth human good. rerepeatedly that those have who projects, for those out of quorum

2. service regularly to some To render received the Priesthood bear the for being established example now a such activity Church. man not Bysponsibility of leading out and Security the Program. There is learns of intimately no onlythe more the workings

carrying forward every project for conflict here between quorum and the Church, but finds the joy that always the advancement of the restored ward bishop or stake president. comes from unselfish service in helping to

the of the thus Lord. cause advance He of Christ.Church must They officers, last in analysis, the be These

to himself time to prepares time accept from laborersthe foremost in the Kingofficers administrative of the are to official call that position to the come may this responsiof God. Nor candom of well all Priesthood as as lay in rightthe in every which a Church man

bility be shifted to others, to premembers of the Church, and thereeous men do or may hold the Priesthood.

siding officers or to helps to the 3. To care for the personal welfare of

Priesthood, such as auxiliary bodies, every quorum member, temporally, intellectually, spiritually. the that This and means bebut accepted borne it must and LEFT: A CHURCH SECURITY WAREHOUSE for their should provide quorum needy FOR GOODS. CANNEDindividually Priesthood bearthe by the brethren the of resources from quorum RIGHT: A PRIEST- A BEET CROP GROWN ASers themselves. the Activity among relief to the established and application PROJECT. HOOD

Priesthood in behalf of the Security Photos Courtesy Deseret News. (Continued on page 250)

JAc PRESIDENT'S YEAR

An open press and the welcome of officialdom in many lands only with the help of the

Lord could he have had such a year, and we are grateful that he had it.

party of Church members bound for the British Mission Centennial and other European points of interest.

The party was joined for part of its

European activity by President and

Mrs. J. Reuben Clark, Jr.

It was here, in eleven countries of

Europe, that the press, the people,

IN PRESIDENT THE AS HE ENGAGED A LAST and men and women of world note MISSIONMINUTE GOODHUMORED CHAT WITH

ARIES IN NORWAY. and in high official capacities, welcomed and honored the President of

the world honors an the Church of Jesus Christ of LatWhenambassador of the Church terday Saints, extended official in his official capacity it courtesies, tendered enthusiastic rehonors the Church and its people. ceptions and in other ways gave

With this recognized rule of notable recognition. An open press,

diplomacy in mind we feel to marvel with thousands of column inches in and to render our unspeakable at least eight languages, was strong thanks for the honors and the opencontrast to the President's previous armed reception and recognition that European visit when, as President have come to our people during the of the European mission during past year, through President Heber three years from 1904 to 1906, in-

J. Grant, the present earthly head AT THE BOY SCOUT JAMBOREE, HOLLAND. clusive, he met largely an abusive

of the Church of Jesus Christ. press and the closed doors of officialWhen, in the April, 1937, issue dom.

of The Improvement Era, we reEight chapels dedicated in Euviewed "The President's Eventful rope, fiftyfive meetings at which he

Year,"the events there chronicled spoke, an address before the Amerseemed to have reached such unpreican Club of Paris, attendance at cedented heights for a Mormon repthe World Scout Jamboree in Holresentative, that we scarcely hoped land, and warm and friendly meetto have for review at this time any ings and reunions with friends and happenings that would rise above members and missionaries of the those then presented. But without Church everywhere, in addition to

doubt the past year has been more being the principal figure at the eventful from the standpoint of British Centennial, filled out a recognition thanworld any precedPRESIDENT GRANT HE AS WISHED WAS GOOD ing it. President, the CITY VOYAGE FROM SALT BY LAKE PRESIDENT Nor has

though in his eightysecond year, CLARK.

slackened his pace in working, traveling, planning, or preaching. "SEEING STOCKHOLM"

In the early months of 1937, prior to June 13, President Grant had ening pneumonia, conducted the made official visits to Reno, Nevada; General Conference of the Church

Hollywood and Pasadena, Califorin April, conducted the additional nia; Atlanta, Georgia, and surroundheavy routine business of the

ing territory; Zion National Park Church devolving upon the Presi-

(Memorial Day Broadcast, over a dent, and had continued in good nationwide CBS broadcast), and health, good spirits, and normal enIdaho Falls, Idaho. During this fivejoyment of life.

month period of the year he had Somewhat tired and under severe also preached at two funerals, attension at the time of the M. I. A.

tended meetings in Salt Lake City June Conference in Salt Lake City, wards on four Sundays, dedicated the President left immediately therefive Church buildings in Utah and after (June 13) for Europe, with his

California, had fought and overcome daughter, Lucy Grant Cannon, his a serious attack of influenza threatsecretary, Joseph Anderson, and a

THIRTEEN NATIONS

crowded but highly enjoyable three months in Europe. (See The Improvement Era, issues of July, August, September, October, November, December, 1937, and January,

1938, for further details.) (RIGHT)

THE PRESIDENT AND HIS PARTY IN DENCince the President's return in SepMARK.

tember, and until the beginning of the current year, he had conducted (BELOW) another General Conference of the PRESIDENT GRANT

Church, made official trips to New (CENTER),(RIGHT), ANDDR. LYMANPRESIYork, Chicago, St. George and HurDENT CLARK (LEFT),

ricane, Utah; Portland, Oregon, and ATBASEBALLTHE CENTENNIALGAME IN

surrounding country; Denver, ColoROCHDALE, ENGLAND.

rado; Prescott, Tucson, and Flagstaff, Arizona; Lewiston and Idaho

Falls, Idaho. During the latter three And then, of course, the Presimonths of the year he also dedicated dent's job has included a certain

seven additional Church buildings, amount of living and homely enjoyand attended three stake conferment for himself, his intimate ences. friends, and his family—and has To summarize partially—and no included also a great host of innuprintedstory—theaccountyear'scanworkbeginofto thistell theinmerableand dutiesandand unrecordableobligations thatdetailstake

defatigable veteran in his eightyup the days, evenings, and somesecond year has included no less times nights and early mornings, of

c SKOi't.', appearances—onethan one hundred twentyfivein less than publicevery theganization,head of a vast worldwide orthree days for the entire year 1 937 But more than this, the President's

in the United States, Canada, Engjob has included the profound and land, Wales, Belgium, Holland, crushing responsibility of being final

Switzerland, Denmark, Norway, spokesman for the Church in all

France, Sweden, Germany, Czechoresponsibility of counslovakia. year The President's has matters—theseling, guiding, admonishing—the activity in included a score or more responsibility of steering course, the

of states, dedication of twentyone as prophet and leader of his people,

Church structures, attendance and of the Latterday Church of the direction at scores of business meetLord. Only with the constant and

ings, and, except during absence, unfailing help of God could the weekly meetings with the PresiPresident have had such a year dency, the Council of the Twelve, and we are grateful that he had it. and the Presiding Bishopric. It has—R. L. E.

included thousands of meetings with individuals under any and all cirAT THE BRITISH CENTENNIAL.

cumstances to discuss personal and f SHHPw PRESIDENT GRANT WELCOMED TO FRANCE

BY DR. LYMAN.

PRESIDENT GRANT WELCOMED HOME BY

PRESIDENT McKAY.

Church problems and interests. It

has included meetings, chats and informal conversations and travels with missionaries, with inconspicuous members of the Church, and with notable and influential people of many lands and occupations, under all of which conditions the President is entirely at home and lends the same feeling of comfortable ease and confidence.

ONE HUNDRED YEARS

one hundredth anniversary of OF TITHINGThethe revelation on tithing given through Joseph Smith, the Prophet, to the people of this Church "(but ihiA. aAoIL bsL Uul Jbsiqinmng jrfL

on July 8, 1838, will be celebrated throughout the Church. The first revelation on this subject in modern times,contained in Section 119 of the Doc-—Doc. and Cov. 119:3.

trine and Covenants was given at

Far West, Missouri, at a time when the Saints were in dire distress. It came

in the question: to answer "O Lord,

unto servants thyshow much By BISHOP SYLVESTER Q. CANNON how

thou requirest of the property of the Presiding Bishop of the Churchpeople for a tithing."The revelation

includes the statement printed at the head of this article. Therefore this

date marks the beginning of the observance of the law of tithing in the latter Abram of the most high God, possessor of days. earth: and heaven OBSERVANCE In the years blessed have CHURCHWIDE hundred which the high be most God, And ANNIVEROF HUNDREDTH into thine delivered thy hath this since enemies whichpassed revelation important REVELATION SARY OF ON all. tithes hand. of he gave him And given, the thousands Churchwas and TITHING 14:1820). (Genesis itsof observed have members who

years through the havethe law had THErevelationCentennialonAnniversarytithing givenof theto Tithes in Ancient Israel its operation to test opportunityample

Missouri, at Smith West, Farand the promises made by the Lord well of the tithe That the law was in 8, contained Sec1838 and to JosephJuly faiththose has enabled to keep whose is Israel understood in ancient Doctrine also of the Covetion 119 and this commandment. nants is to be observed over the clear. The incident of Jacob in distress,

The instances are legion in which the entire Church. seeking his way back to his father's

promise of the Lord as given in Malachi For several years it has been the house, and his covenant with the Lord, in Tithing to "Teach custom fulfilled May"satistohas been the complete that indicate there understanding was all of the Teachmessage and Wardfaction of the tithepayer. is of the law. the Bible record: This devoted that ers for been has month

statement complete on tithin The subject. the year hunto that This

contained in Malachi 3:7-12 in whic dredth anniversary of the restoration And Jacob vowed a vow, saying, If God

will will this with me, be in keep and me is, toreproof is given the probJews, blessings the the of and law many

I that will go, to and give bread way me theably, to frequently and Church quoted have than come more any which eat, to raiment on, and put it its observed have members who subject.other passage It reads: on this

I that father's to again come So house my stressed. will be

shall peace; then the Lord God: be my it of the has in month During May fathers the of from are days your Even ye this I stone, set for have which And a short the to also been custom have ordinances, minegone from away and have pillar, shall all that be house: of God's and tithing at talks given Sacevery on Inot will them. kept unto Return me, and

I shalt thou will give surely the give me Priesthood meeting, quorum, rament return saith the hosts. of you, unto Lord thee. tenth unto 28:2022). (Genesis the auxiliary of meeting Church. and said, shall return?But ye Wherein we

talks will for these material Special rob Will have God? Yet ye a man occurred, to according This payment to of sent bishops all wards and say, me.robbed But ye have Wherein we be Ussher's Chronology, about 1900 B. C. of presidents all branches. tithes thee? offerings.robbed In and

the campaign, Churchwide This for curse: cursed with a ye have Ye are principle the tithe, disof That the will objectives to have be of which thisrobbed me, nation. even whole

it torted as been, commay have was the the carry Teachers message Ward all tithes Bring the into the storehouse, ye that there may be meat in mine house, and of tithing to every Latterday Saint mon to many people and races in prove me now herewith, saith the Lord of home and to encourage every person various parts of the early world, has hosts, if I will not open you the windows in the Church having income to pay led some writers to ascribe its origin of heaven, and pour you out a blessing, tithing during this centennial year, to a single, central source in the earliest in the Aaronic will be presentedthat there shall not be room enough to rehistory. days of recorded Lansdell,

to Priesthood held Convention beceive 3:7-10) it. (Malachi the "scientific'observation in discussing April 4th at 4:15 m. p. Monday,

Tithing in Ancient Times the Assembly Hall. theas tofollowingthe origininof answermany customs,to his citesown

It seems clear that, from the beginquestion, "When did the practice bening, man has recognized it as a duty gin?

earliest Biblical direct reference The offer his portionto of a substance or late Muller, for Professor inThe Max tithing, refers 14:1820) to to (Genesis"interest"earliest to BibGod. From stance, similarly for contends the original "tithes"the the and Newlical least, the at times so conamount the of unity thus: race, the human "From to the reference same incident—theTestamenttributed the ancient throughout and widely nationalities separated of the most

tithes of payment to Melby find oldpatriarchal the proof existence of world of invarialmost world we was it chizedek (Hebrews doctrines, theories primeval of cosmical, Abraham7:1-8)—makesably, onetenth. there While have

tithe clear that the onetenth. was One religious, political social character, even and thebeen early among times—notably detail, similar text in reads: that the of so hypothesis tenth than has a more beenJews—when

their origin in region that has some commonrequired, the has, "sacred tenth"historically of the king geographically brought Melchizedek been and Salem And ages, thethrough as accepted been the all their center priest forth of wine: people, bread to and he seems and be comwas the

amount which ought to be consecrated of the most high God. pletely established."(Articles on "Prehis'

to the Lord and to His Church. And he blessed him, and said, Blessed be toric"Civilization.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1938

Latterday Saints, of course, believe and go to St. George. When asked

that tithing, as one of the principles of WHAT CHURCH LEADERS the reason for this unusual procedure the Gospel of Jesus Christ, did have HAVE SAID ABOUT he replied that he did not know the its origin by direct command of God to TITHING reason, but that the journey was to be

His people. Prophet Joseph Smith made.

times the the earliest from And thus As ProphetrecordedandinhisChurchassociate,historyOliverthe of Arrivingthe conferenceat St. George,meetings,inthethespiritcourseof ofprinciple contributing of a portion

following the covethe undoubtedly Cowdery, prophecy made came upon has beenone's to the substance Lord the nant with Lord: president, eightyfive venerable then the at least part of peoaccepted a by if will the us prosper Lord "That old. the that years told people He tithingple times world. the of was At in the business our and open way difficulty in the they much of which in Ancient as mythical to godspaid that us before obtain means may we themselves found became them upon including rulers land, of the toGreece, to that debts, our not pay be we

even a tenth of the spoils of war, controubled nor brought into disrepute cause they had forgotten the Lord. He

sisting of slaves, cattle, lands, etc., and before the world, nor His people; promised them that if they would pay

to other real or imaginary personages. after that, of all that He shall give an honest tithing, that the drought that

us, will unto give to tenth a we distressing then sorely and them be was the another, however, or formIn one the in bestowed poor His upon difficulties other encountered they had sixteen for cenprinciple followed was shall or as Church, and command, He be would that they and overcome at tribute, paid,turies as a religious will faithful that be over that we prosper. would for religious purposes.least ostensibly, to entrusted care, which has our He

visit of the been purpose had The that obtain that much, and we may later principle peryears, the In was clear. the accepted people made The children shall after our us remember seized rulingverted monarchs by who

to counsel. norththis the journeyed party observe sacred coveand holy As large secure to sums the customupon nant, that children, and our our special and Salt City, meetto Lake ward other for themselves andof money children's children the of may know the ings held the along and were way functionaries. Notwithgovernment same, subscribed have our we names tithing presented. message on was new this of perversionstanding unholy with our hands."own Arriving a assembly home, solemn was persisted principle funds, has thesacred President Brigham Young called in Salt the Temple. LeadLake alreligiousin people the of minds

is the at thing required hands all ers parts "One of the from were Church practice true the purpose andthough this understand to of people, and called attend. that to assembly From lost.were for reis necessity there which no It to carried out. the went word was

year, every ceiving a commandment of the part every Church.

I their viz.: tithing. to not in do payTithing Times Modern

suppose for a moment that there is The tide turned. In a few years,

Because its true purpose and practice a person in this Church who is unthe debts of the Church had been had been lost it was necessary that acquainted with the duty of paying paid and its credit reestablished. Tithit is tithing, neither to necessary have scrip ing called in redeemed. and was restoration of thethere should be a

revelation the year every subupon than rapidly grew more Church The tithing,principle the of the as with same is ject. one- a There prosever people the before and were law—pay of true of the principlesother Church tenth."

their fondest hopes. pered beyond accomplished, Christ. ThisJesus was Taylor President John is that since time has happened What other restoration imof theas many

the to people see "I desirous am is history well recent too too and principles accomplished,portant was tithing, this of because observe law here. to record known the of question asked Lord athrough to it direct is plain command a and to the happened What similarity Smith. Church—its Another Josephby silver the are us. His, gold and The

financial from bondage redemption this revelaother cattle some and the arebetween a thousand so and upon tions, is that it was not fully underhills; and to Him belongs power to also happened to those members of the

stood nor as readily accepted by the command all things. And what we Church who followed the advice of

this St. leaders. of possess is the world's country George goods do The it of as might have the Churchmembers

of, to given unto a wise us use make promised, the as received moisture was generally, leaders, andbeen. many The take with because cannot them we the the all over and Church "windows it, but acceptedof the members many shall called hence."be us when we the peowere of heaven"opened and faith their pocketto thelacked open

books to that extent. President Joseph F. Smith ple were blessed.

(tithing) this the principle the "By the recently promise of More in establishing stress In of the homes this of people of the loyalty Church his bless those to law obey Lord who persecutionthe west, government by test. this the to shall put be By test. the to Testimonies been has put

officials is it for of included shall principle escheatment which be known who all practically the missions and from is of the and kingdom who God property taken over whichChurch was effect are the to stakes the of Church it shall this principle against By the the opposition government, andby rule, the depression, as that a during set hearts are seen doing be whoseit. on alneighbors,of nonMormon many their last lose to tithepayers emwere will of the keeping His comand God authorities the preached Churchthough the sanctifying continued thereby working mandments, ployment and many

tithing frequently, the practice of it was are of Zion land God, and unto who interruption. Bishops reported without

the people. of observednot by many to this principle opposed have and tithepayers were comfew that very

difficulties serious that so became offThe blessings cut themselves from the pelled to seek government employment the Church leaders found themselves of Zion."or relief, and then only because or very

harassed with debts. The credit of the President Heber J. Grant unusual circumstances.

at stake. of the mostChurch was One to those "Prosperity comes who acblessed has people His Lord The

all in crisesserious history tithing; Church the of observe and was law when will concording promises His to and

I I thinking prosperity First not say the the Presidency, amfaced by there are so. tinue to Unfortunately do dollars it in terms of cents of and Bishopric. the PresidingTwelve, and

blessthese desire need and many who alone, rule Latterthe as although a

The Lord Points the Way daypayersSaintsare thewhomostare prosperousthe best tithemen paredings whoto obeyare apparentlythe commandment,not yet thuspreThis was the condition when Lorenzo financially; but what I count as real putting themselves in line for the blessall prosperity, the thing of as one so, ings. centennial the during year of the President became Church.Snow And

that others great of to value every is tithing in to of the in his administration Church, an effort heEarly gave is living, the and growth womanis this to carry serious to the consideration message be to every mademuch fimanin the of in knowledge God, a and nances of the Church. In the midst of testimony, and in the power to live member of the Church with encouragehis contemplation of the serious conthe Gospel and to inspire our famment to all members to comply with the

dition of the Church, he was impressed ilies to do the same."law to the end, that both they and the

to organize a group of Church leaders Church shall be blessed.

Beckoning roads A NEW NOVEL OF OUR GENERATION, OUR

PEOPLE, OUR PROBLEMS, OUR YOUTH

WITH LIFE BECKONING FORWARD—AND ECONOMIC

INSECURITY STRIVING TO HOLD IT BACK....

By DOROTHY CLAPP ROBINSON

THEPorterSTORYand PeterTHUS Holverson,FAR: Nancytwo

marriageable and verymuch-inlove young people iof a rural Mormon community, found themselves anticipating "their with they, in which spring spring"—the

to decided had friends, others of their go YOU'VE"WELL, YOU'REDONE REALBACK! GOOD...

to the Temple to be married at June THIS TIME. ONLY TWENTYLATE. MAYBE HOURS agFOUR poor seemingly time. ButConference SHOOTING YOU'LL BE WORTH debt accumulated ricultural prospects and KEEP AFTER IF YOU AWHILE

caused Peter, a highprincipled and cauIT UP."

tious young man, to postpone the marriage until better times."Questioning his motives and his wisdom, and in the anger

of her disappointment, Nancy impulsively served notice on her betrothed that the "postponement"would be permanent and the "engagement was off."The embarrassment was intensified by the fact that been telling them goodbye, stopped sight the shabby little house with

and crowd,""their Mark couples oftwo peoof shabby, group watching father. her by He was standing just its Vera, who were and Phyllis, Lynn and ple. the with Nancy's throat ached inside door. the for prepared less economicallyapparently

marriage, decided to go through with their "Be a good girl,"he said as he wild unbelievable ecstasy of hopes plans notwithstanding. And so these two kissed her. "And while you are come true. She had work. She was

abanpostponed—or parted, with hopes her over a road there be a girl. I don't like you in on way,—racing

with discouraged home in a Livingdoned. for that so long had beckoned and disoveralls."ill father, seriously and a chronically

couraged younger brothers, and a work- "You will let me know about facalled. She was not going far along

worn mother, who held tenaciously to printher?"she whispered to her mother it just now, but the journey was

rebellious ideals, becameciples Nancy and begun. never Never, she outside. would they were when

situation. better her to determinedand life as she again back to had go course.""Of circumstances, favorable of a chainThrough

it. she would Never go back known don't outside, mothwork "And job as temporary a secured she finally

ranching to oper. a hugecommissarykeeper Let of the boys do it."drought and poverty and—and

the country. section oferation in a nearby Pete. "I'll doesn't."that she see

citybred impatient, young, Wood,Reid callNancy whirled. Behind them owneroperator, was the ranchson of

ing to take her to her new job in the stood Pete. "You here?"1 HE clouds of the night

morning—"Certainly. Think I'd let you go before had disappeared and already

without saying goodbye?"they could feel the promise of anCHAPTER THREE His face looked drawn as if he other hot day. Hot, and the first

hadn't slept well. More likely the of May! The earth cried out for

light, Nancy decided. He walked rain and the need of it flared in their

I,T WAS a little past four with her to the car. Mr. Wood was nostrils and smothered the morning

o'clock the next morning when the holding the door open for her. Pete freshness.

big car rolled up and stopped at the stepped up to it. The men's glances "Some dust."

Porter gate. The driver slid from met. With a gesture of retraction, Nancy turned to look at her comhis seat and came whistling toward Wood withdrew to his own side. panion. Some dust. What species of

the house. Dale, on his way to the A sudden violent irritation rushed male could say it as casually as that?

corral, stopped. Young Wood saover Nancy. Why had Pete come? The men she knew watched the

luted him with a gay wave of his Didn't he believe what she had told dust, some hoping secretly, some hand. A torpid morning was inchhim? If he had believed her he praying, some cursing. This man

ing away the cool shadows. Mrs. showed no signs of it, for his every merely said: "Some dust."

Porter opened the door to him. move suggested a challenge to the "Will there ever be anything

"I will wait here,"he said. "Can other man. He closed the door. else?"

I take her things?""Be seeing you,"he began, but He was driving unreasonably fast

A rather shabby suitcase was with a swift start the car was albut with a sure touch. He slowed

handed to him. Nancy, coming from ready on its way. Dust rolled in perceptibly and looked at her.

the boys'bedroom where she had clouds behind it, shutting from "Is that important?"

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1938

What was it leaped suddenly betons puncturing the sky. Here, all but discouragement. I could live

fore her? Hopes, undreamed? Perabout them, except high on the hills here forever."

haps, and the unfamiliar outlines of at their left, were dry stretches of They entered a wide driveway to them dazzled the eyes of her mind sage. After following the hills for the north of the house, then as the

and set her blood coursing riotously twelve or fifteen miles they left the driver would have turned to the through her veins. highway and turned due east into front entrance there came a shout

"Yes,"she said, laughing in pure the brush. The road was soft and from the blacksmith shop at their

release, "but not so important as full of ruts. Dust curtained their left. The car stopped.

it once was. I have work."vision but the speed of the car never "That's Dad."

Again he looked at her. "You slackened. Once Nancy was thrown Nancy turned her eyes reluctantare a queer little kid. One would violently against the driver. ly from the house. From the buildthink your life depended on work.""Hold on,"he cautioned. "The ing came a large, rawboned man

"More than life."only way to get over these lousy with a curious sideswinging walk.

"For instance?"roads is to hit the high places."As he approached, the driver open-

"Freedom."And hitting the high places they ed the door of the car.

The boy doubled over the wheel sped across the sagecovered flat "Hi, Dad."There was an underin a gale of infectious laughter. toward the brown hills in the distone of irritation to his voice that

"Can you tie that? You run to the tance. Nancy had only a vague idea widened the girl's eyes.

ranch for freedom and I rush from of the miles covered. It seemed much "Well, you're back."Nancy noit for the same reason."shorter than when she had been ticed a swift darkening of the son's

"From it? Don't you live there?"here before. Ahead, lined against features. "You've done real good

"Occasionally. Got restless and the bare mountains, was a row of this time. Only twentyfour hours

skipped the last quarter of school trees running north and south; back late. Maybe you'll be worth shootthis year. Quite surprised myself of them were stretches of fields being after a while if you keep it up.

that I came back here so willingly."ginning to show green. Among the Is this the young lady that is going

"Why should you be restless?"sage at their right they saw the to help me?"He reached his hand

the wheel the steering and across tell me.""You of sheep. woolly backs guess—and glad "Well, hers in it. girl placed possibly. "I couldn't But when I are in,"the boy moving "Herds

am safely out of the valley of the said. you are here. Hope you'll be worth

Big Smokey I shall never come back, what I have to pay you. Never saw

girl yet that was,"This last withworlds without end."A bitterness INearer, and now they a

gave her words emphasis. were in the shadow of the east out changing the tenor of his voice.

"What about the boy friend?"mountain. The sun had not yet risen Nancy's face flushed.

"Pete? He isn't, any more."The on the big ranch. Through the line "Your price couldn't bring much,"

instant the words left her lips she of trees Nancy caught sight of she retorted quickly, "but I shall felt halfashamed. Not but what it buildings, sheds, barns, corrals. see you do not overpay me."

was true, but spoken aloud it soundStanding apart from the other build- "Well, you will earn all you get.

ed disloyal to something. Again the ings was a large house, the lower Things are in a sweet mess around

boy, he was younger than Pete, part of which was of lava stone, the here. The cook will give you some

glanced sharply at her. upper of logs. It had wide friendly breakfast. I'll be up pretty soon to

"So that is why you crave freeeaves that reached toward the roof talk things over."He turned to his

dom. I should say he had failed enof a porch that guarded the front. son. "You, Reid, did you get the

tirely to get your point of view. Between the road and the house things I ordered?"His voice sharpPerhaps we can insist on Chris'takwas a lawn on which the poorly cut ened.

ing a prolonged vacation so you grass of last year was struggling "Don't think I forgot more than will not have to return until your with a new growth. Trees and half."He released the clutch and

desire for freedom has, shall we shrubs, still showing the vision of the car crept forward.

say, been satisfied."an artist, flanked the whole. Now Reid. She had been wondering

"If you mean by that when our that she was to be part of it, the about his name. He was like his faquarrel is patched up, and I am ranch seemed to Nancy as a part ther, though slighter in build and

ready to forgive and be forgiven,—of another world. darker in coloring. When he was

well, you just don't know me.""And you would run away from his father's age his hair, too, might

Again he laughed. Later he rehere."be bleached and his eyes faded.

marked: "My trouble might have "Like it?"Pride struggled with Following the herds did that to one.

something of yours in it. Less defindifference. But the father's face was determinson's, full the and of purpose ed and inite, easily I'd remnot so say, and "It is a paradise. could you How of lines into just now, drawn was edied."it?"discontented with be irritation. rebellious entering where were town They

I know? I only know He took her bag from the car early risers were just emerging into "How would

the streets. Passed town and east that at times it is a prison with the and they went to the front door. It

I go haywas locked. Reid turned impatiently and south rounded a shoulder of grimmest of walls. Then

the mountains. From there they wire."toward the back.

turned north and followed rather She glanced slowly about, draw- "Just an old sheepherder's cushigh along the slope of the range. ing into her lungs the freshly cool tom,"he remarked facetiously.

In time they entered another valley, morning air. Much cooler here, she "Front doors around here are to be

the Little Smokey. It lay in the thought, than at home. seen, not used. Wait a moment,

shape of a triangle that narrowed "That is the way I have felt please."

at the north until the two lines of lately. I thought I would go mad "Let me go with you."She folmountains ran into each other. Up seeing nothing but sage, smelling lowed him to the back of the house

there were glimpses of tree skelenothing but dust, hearing nothing (Continued on page 246)

SomsL Shdi&ikcdL QompWtUjwiA. on,—

By DR. DILWORTH MORMONS

WALKER AND Professor of Economics University of Utah THE UNITED STATES

has been written aboutMUCHthe beneficial effects of temAS A WHOLE perate living, and considerable scientific data have accumuPJealing with death rate trends from various causes, using lated sustaining many of the claims, United States Census and Mormon Church statistics, but few attempts have been made 1914 to 1934.

to verify the results statistically. Believing that such an analysis would fiO RHEUMATISM

prove both interesting and enlightening to those who are engaged in so the advancement of human welfare, and at the suggestion of Dr. John

A. Widtsoe, the writer undertook 40

the fascinating task of interpreting u.$

the official vital statistics compiled in i* - V the of of Christ by Church Jesus ''*%, *. <

1.../,''Latterday Saints / \ since 1914 *?n \S\ *Vy

L.D. S. over For the hundred years one

Mormon people have lived under a 10 religious philosophy which enters every field of human thought and action, and which is said to fortify 19 14 19 6 19 & 1920 19.?2 19 ='4 19.>6 1928 1930 1932 1934

its adherents against the mental, spiritual physical, stresses and of 120 CANCER life. things, other the MorAmong

mon way of life includes a health code known as the Word of Wis100 dom. This rule of temperate living oo US given "notwas by commandment or O 1-4o 80 constraint, but by revelation and

the in of the wisdom word... u9

salvation temporal saints in of all 2 nft 60 ** 3 lastthe advising days,"against the alluse of tobacco, strong liquor, and,*'4N L.D. s. 2 4 *'s—4 ra:* *% * *drinks, against excessive of use meat,

urging abundant use of fresh fruits 20 and vegetables in the season thereof,

1'At the beginning of each year the 19 4 19 16 19 a 19 20 19 22 19 24 19 26 19.?a 19 30 19 92 1934

bishops of the wards of the Church, more than one thousand in number, assemble the vital data pertaining to the groups of peo- >,=, DIABE1rEs ple placed in their care, and forward these to the Presiding Bishop's Office in Salt

Lake City for recording and collating. o

In the majority of the wards the population is thousand. under one bishop The and?"i

his two counselors, clerk, with the ward u.s.are usually personally familiar with every

family. great There is likelihood no of?n

error, especially as the bishop checks his findings the physicians'with certificates sent / k /in to state. the the Moreover, consistency (5 am

theof reports to from year indicates year **s\.* *, --.* 4kj '*VLP s.their reliability. are fully probably They. m+ *m*KN

as reliable as those gathered by the State.'10

From The Word of Wisdom—A Modern

Interpretation, by Dr. John A. Widtsoe and

Leah D. Widtsoe, page 236. 1914 1916 1916 1920 1922 1924 1926 1926 1930 1932 1934

2Doctrine and Covenants, Section 89. Drawn by Reid Maughan. Source: U. S. Census—Mormon Church, 19141934.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1938

and moderation in all things that afing in so far as the statistics are comreliable. parable fect body. and health and the of mind statistical which data fromTHE

tables of Jesus have these charts the Church Fortunately and all sure, the of not Church be To

United from are taken compiled been used Saints has of Latterday Christ these observed have membership herefrom records and census States Classification International same rigorously, nor the of wisdom""words which records unpublished tofore have been accumulating since 1914 have all of the Saints who have abof diseases and other causes of death in the Presiding Bishop's Office of stained from the use of tobacco and since 1914 as the United States

LatterChrist of of Jesus the Church rates death uses; the hence Census or wise strong drinks been always Dilworth Walker Dr. Saints. day be diseases should various for the of in other the observance moderate compilation, the in assistedwas are records the where comparable illuthis of there principles. has preparation unanalysis, However, and

minating and conservative report by doubtedly been a sufficiently large complete and the causes of death

Albert all men: young the following course, reported. properly Of of the membership Church number B. Doxey, Norman Barlow, Thomas statistics contain vital a certain substantially lived accordhave who RasVernon Loosli, Maughan, Reed reto improper of error due amount tenets Steele, Y. ing to the mussen, De Von LeRoy of Wisdom Word

Stewart, Dilworth H. Walker, Jr., and the other principles of Gospel porting by attending physicians, hosin the etc., particularly George clerks, pital justify to a comparison L. Nichols, and Edward L. philosophy

Hart. years, in recent earlier years. Only of of livsuch a of the results mode

so the medical profession asserts, 3 are the vital statistics dependable.

PERDEATHS States United the since But

II )0,000 RESPIRATORY DISEASES the to subject are figures Census300

L. the as of unreliability type same

|*-l.s. D. S. statistics, at least the major

250 differences and general trends significant.

in the in200 ItA shouldAs a befurtherreasonablyprecaution ft and comparisons such terpretation of '9 11 a 1 keep ever should reader the trends,150 k*. t cause < immediate that the in mind.—,-* < V 4.*'L.D.S important the most be not death may 4 innIUU

about an early <r- factor in bringing of funeral. Premature death may be

50 traced to a number of factors including inheritance, excessive worry, 1!114 n116 19 18 1920 IS 22 1924 IS 26 1928 19 30 1932 1934 overwork, overexposure, unfavorable climate, and other environmentCIRCULATORY DISEASES alofficialconditionsreport ofnotthementionedattending physiin the300

cians. All conclusions, therefore,

in given on the comparisons250 based tables, charts and the accompanying us. - are limited by the complexity of the

200 cause and effect relationship and by the comparability and reliability of 150 both the United States Census and restatistics vital Church a Mormon -..-<***

ports. **N,/ 100 "* ">* a s.<f * **> **l.d.:*f the hypothesis, working As a

50 writer assumed that if proper health habits were worth while, they should make the observers of such a health

IS114 19 16 19 18 19 20 19 22 19 24 1926 19 28 19 30 19 32 1934 code ( 1 ) more resistant to certain diseases where health resistance is

DIGESTIVE DISEASES possible, and (2) less susceptible 150 to the degenerative diseases of middle life resulting in premature death.

k-U.S. In other words, if this hypothesis125

be correct, and if the observance of temperate and of Wisdom Word 100 the while, in worth general be living the rate Morthe death among then 75 *- 'V-L.D.S% be: should mons %

the for the average than Lower (1) **>*,** mm'infectious or comcertain for States United 50 '"* *1 **. >* **j.** * ++s—

municable diseases where a healthy body has been proved to be a determining factor.

25 ( 2 ) About the same as the United States average where exposure to the germ is the alldetermining cause regardless of health 19 14 19 6 19 8 19 20 19 12 19 24 is;>6 1918 19 30 1932 1934 vigor.

Drawn by Dilworth H. Walker, Jr. Source: U. S. Census—Mormon Church, 19141934. 3Dr. Orin A. Ogilvie, University of Utah.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1938

(3) Lower than the United States avercourse, these comparisons apply State Board of Health indicate an for the degenerativeage diseases characteronly to deaths from social diseases appreciable increase in the number istic age; and of middle

treated physiprevalence to the relative cases being of of by not and new

States averthe United than Higher (4) state. itself. the cians the throughout Theredisease And since prolarger indicating senility, a forage

portion of the group living a full life to venereal diseases are more prevalent fore, while the record of the past die of old age from natural causes. among the young people, the lower appears to be most complimentary

death rate among the Mormons is for the older Latterday Saint peoTo aid the reader in verifying the really complimentary to the older ple, the record of the future may not above hypothesis, the accompanying generation that are just passing, show up so favorably unless the charts have been prepared to show rather than to the present generapresent and future generations abide the comparative death rates for certion. Consequently, there is a real by the high standards of their

tain specific diseases and for certain challenge here for the youth of toChurch regarding moral conduct related disease groups for the L. D. day to produce as favorable a record and temperate health habits.

for theS. and members living clean United of charts poras these for death rates comparative The registration the ofStates average for tray their parents grandand diseases, degenerative various thestates. parents. specific for diseases and both by

Strangely enough, the statistics Unfortunately, recent statistics on groups, also show a surprising conreported, with their reliability limisocial diseases compiled by the Utah sistency in favor of the Latterday tations, do verify the requirement of

PER DEATHS First, infectious thethe hypothesis.

HO SUICIDE: BYTIREAR MS a predomidiseases as a group show 9 1 00, J00

nantly lower death rate for the Latter-day Saints than for the average V-u s.

of the United States. Deaths due

to influenza, on the other hand, do not show the same favorable comit is w**parison for the Mormons since4 1believed by medical authorities that t/ -.,''

allde- to theexposure germ is the l *'health L D.S.V'regardless oftermining cause

- inother of thevigor. True, some ** h / %1 typhoid diseases suchfectious as %

% largely a f are scarlet also feverand \ f \/\ w P4V H***\ /i natural versus of exposurematter *%X resistance. But even though proper!9I4 1916 1918 1920 1922 1924 1926 1928 1930 1932 1934

living may not make one less susceptible to these infectious diseases, ALCOHOLISM if one is thoroughly exposed, still a individualclean, healthy may not u. s. as 1—to the disease so easilysuccumb

the one whose physical machine has been impaired by improper living or other causes. In other words, the

lower death rate among the Latterday Saints due to infectious diseases points to a greater survival from these infectious diseases, either due to a lower incidence of communiinheri- to greater a diseases,cable

D.S. M * vigor, *9 %—physical to a or oftance

'* * ** mm* V ** *s result as a XffT. recoverystronger power

1916 1918*,S%M.1920 1922 1924 1914 1930 1928 1926 1932 1934 living habits. better previousof

HThe comparison between the death 30 APPENDICITIS

Saints rates of Latterday and for the *< *H -D.: * average Statesthe United

social diseases ( syphilis, gonorrhoea, m is the diseases) venereal other *y *and i t> these since striking #/..*s'of all, andmost * 1 f -.- of exmatter a purelydiseases are *i

in of betfavor the evidenceposure, \ ID—,#A >**. -'',-.'\VK recthe livingter habits, provided5

to appears be are complete,ords 10 <! J.S.

overwhelmingly favorable. But, of

4Dr. Orin A. Ogilvie, University of Utah. 5

Statistics of social diseases are probably less reliable, both for the Latterday Saints and the United States, than for most other 1914 1916 1918 1920 1922 1924 1926 1928 1930 1932 1934, diseases, due to the hesitancy of officials to Drawn by Dilworth H. Walker, Jr., and Reid Maughan. Source: U. S. Census Mormon Church,

report such diseases. 19141934.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1938

Saint people. The death rate due ing table was prepared giving death DEATH RATE COMPARISONS

to cancer, diabetes, rheumatism, and rate comparisons for L. D. S. mem- L. D. S. Members and United States

alcoholism are all considerably bebers living in Utah by age groups Average low the average for the United for the years 1933, 1934, 1935, GroupsAge U nited(1930)States (1930)Utah Utah(193336)L. D. S/

States. Since most of the diseases and 1936, and a similar classification All ages 11.3 9.8 8.4

of the circulatory system, many of of death rates for all of Utah and Under 5 12.7 14.2 11.5

the diseases of the genitourinary the United States registration states 5-9 1.9 2.2 1.8

system, and some of the diseases of for the census year 1930. Further15-241014 3.41.5 2.23.5 2.03.0

the digestive system are of the demore, the L. D. S. death rates by 2544 5.8 5.4 3.8

generative type incident to middle age groups were computed by using 4564 18.4 16.6 11.5

age, they bear a direct relation to the census age distribution for Utah, 6574 52.9 48.4

67.4 6584 that the age distributionthe health habits of the individuals assuming

129.4 127.3 and over people would be 75concerned. for the Mormon records L. Source: and D. S. Church

For example, if two groups of approximately the same as the entire U. S. Census, 1930.

people of equal physical inheritance population of the state, since the

Rates "Compilations "Death from Among Saint Latterday people up make living similar environunderand the Bishop Saints"Latterday John by cent of per than fifty the Utah more conditions observe shouldmental Kirkham, Dr. Francis Wells, and W. population. different habits, health Goldiewidely Haun. obviously the group following established rules of health should be exDEATHS100,000PER GENITOURINARY DISEASES

pected to weather the disease storms IbU of early infancy and middle age better than the group more careless and 125 indifferent to proper care of the -o.s.

body. Consequently, if the Mormon

people as a group have conscientoo tiously observed known rules of health more rigorously than the gen75 eral average of American people, b"**, rate to degenerativethe death due 50 to incidentdiseases middle age t+*VL.D.S.< ** **,.** B.- v

the general than lowershould be, **"..—-x!'N 25

United States average. Likewise,

the death rate among the Latterday Saint people should be higher 19 14 19 6 19 18 1920 19 22 1924 1926 1928 1930 1932 193 due to senility, or to causes incident to old age, CHILDBIRTH AND PREGNANCY

A gain the comparative statistics as t!4

shown in the accompanying charts are most convincing on this *- U.S.

point in favor of temperate through observance of the Word living 16 nl'Vr prinof and other Mormon Wisdom **.

ciples, in as exemplified the lives of 12 %y.-*mm

the Latterday Saint people. <

still there a 8 *s *%**S * be However, may *4 **... in the of perquestion minds some ++\ **, *

4 of comparability regardingsons the such statistics due to the possibility differencesof the Latterage among

States 19 4 19 16 19 18 IS 20 \r<>2 19 24 19 26 192>8 19 30 1932 193Saintsday United and the average. That is, if the percentage

SENILITY (OLD AGE)of young people were appreciably 120 greater among the Mormons than the average for the registration states making up the census data, 100 wm* '** D.S.

then the difference in death rate due t / V inci80-to diseases these degenerative * p* \ \ \ -* \ todent middle or older, might age ** *++ s *'k,''**'f* ** little significance. 60have or no

To test this possibility an attempt was made to segregate the death 40 rates by age groups for both the

United States and theMormon 20 ti,S, statistics. dataCensus Comparable

were not available for specific diseases nor for exactly the same years 19'4 - 19 16 19 8 19 20 1922 IS 24 19 26 19 28 19 30 19 32 1934 on total death rates, but the followDrawn by Dilworth H. Walker, Jr. Source: U. S. Census—Mormon Church, 19141934.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1938

Admittedly, the data are not support of the advantages of proper To attempt to explain all such strictly comparable or as statistically living habits, superior inheritance, differences would be an endless if accurate as we should like. Howor a more healthful environment as not an impossible task. The anever, the extreme variance in the important factors in resisting the alysis, therefore, has been confined

death rates in the age group from possibilities of fatality should one to a treatment of the more obvious 25 to 64 years, between the Latterbecome exposed to the particular and significant comparisons affecting day Saint and the U. S. average, or germ. the benefits that are claimed for the

even the Utah average, is so strikThe writer has not attempted to proper observance of L. D. S. staning and in such complete harmony explain the differential death rate dards of health habits and Word

with the other comparisons shown among the Latterday Saint people of Wisdom tenets and the Mormon in the charts that one cannot help and the United States average for way of living generally.

being impressed with the similarity all of the diseases. In some cases,

of the inferences suggested throughlike appendicitis, where the Mormon Note: Further graphs, charts,

out all the data analysed. death rate is comparatively high, the and interpretive comment on L. D. S.

Thus, when the death rate for medical authorities are not agreed statistics will appear in early issues practically all of the degenerative upon the explanation. of The Improvement Era.

diseases runs consistently lower for the Latterday Saint people than 360 INF LUENZA for the United States average group, and when the total death rate for 3O0 u.s

the age groups of middle life indicates differential the in favor same 240 Ml Mof the S. group, the statistical L. D.

evidence definitely sigto appears be nificant in favor the of obleo fi group 1'V v% serving a more strict health code and 1\ living according to a more temperate I20iffa pattern generally. 1

Of course, there is still the possi60 r % bility that the differences in death LDa rate among the Latterday Saint fegff"* m m o. L* -—*"* ** * ** <%o *

people and the United States group I9J4 1916 1918 1920 1922 1924 1926 1928 1930 1932 \'&4 may be due to differences in inheritance physical difvigor, of due to 600 I NFECT OUS DISEAS E1S in sanitation,ferences medical treatment, a more healthful climate, and other geographical or environmental 500 factors. If such be the case, then

the people grateshould be Mormon 4QO ful for their for inheritance, their ooooo1—

hprogressive leadership in promoting 300 / fA living conditions,more healthful r t or ftto in being privileged to live in a more # u.s

healthful environment. o 200 # /

all Or, perhaps a combination N of \ #1 100 factorsthe including above the ob- 1 <=> *> **servance the of ** ++,V* of Wisdom Word ++ ** -< i u5 s. habits, other temperateand the and

1918 19 14!9 30 19 16 19 22 1928 IS 20 1926 1932 1924 % 4 life,entire of philosophy Mormon

are needed to explain the favorable comparisons found in the official re- >S. SOCIAL DISEASES

ports of the United States census and the Mormon Church records.

In any event, the death rate comparisons are so strikingly different in the social diseases, in alcoholism, and in most of the degenerative diseases associated with physical vigor and proper living, that the evidence in favor of the Latterday Saint standards of morality, temperance, and clean living—in so far as the

convincing. most Andliable—arestatistics are comparable and reLP. 2sk

1928 1930 1932 1934 infectious dis- [914 1916 1918 1920 1922 1924 1926 of theeven in some eases, the statistics lean heavily in Drawn by Reid Maughan. Source: U. S. Census—Mormon Church, 19141934.

they Perhaps Blue could Moon. tell that A the

find the same would very muchsomethingft,nneunusual was up from the very way Marjorie came up the crowd as attended any of the town walk. There was an added eagerdances. She began to be thrilledness in her step and an air of sprightGOOD and excited over the prospect of the

liness about her that was noticeable evening's entertainment and after even to Marjorie. Marjorie had gone she went upstairs

to should wear whether decide she in upright She sat the porch swing SPORT suit or sport her rosecolored crepewhere she reclining had been during the lazy summer afternoon and waited expectantly A SHORT thefor hernew birthday.white knit that had come until Marjorie had

flung herself into the nearest chinzSHORT STORY She eventually decided on the covered rocker. rose crepe—it was so becoming with

"What's the news?"she asked BY her dark hair. She dressed with a

while Marjorie caught her breath. great deal of care and by the time

"A new dress or a trip to the mounFLORENCE the car load of laughing young peotains?"ple had arrived she felt that she "Neither,"Marjorie answered, STRONG could easily meet any standards that

smiling, "although I am still hopethe young visitor from the city might ful of both in due time. But some- "I don't see why you have to say have.

thing else perfectly elegant has hapit in that tone of voice,"Marjorie pened. You remember Ted's telling instantly challenged. "It's the only 1 introductions over, she

us about Warner Lloyd, that college place in the country about here climbed into the car and they sped friend of his from the city who was where they have decent music. away through the exhilarating coolcoming down? Well, he's come, and After all, we can't very well take ness of the evening. Her last doubtstalk about class—he's tall, handhim for a hayrack ride, you know."slipped away as they drove along

some, and looks like a walking ad.""No, I don't suppose you could,"the state highway. After all, this

Marjorie paused in order that Anne Anne agreed slowly, "but I don't was only Marjorie and Hope and might fully realize the splendor that exactly like to mingle with the class Ted, and the youngsters she had had come into their midst. of people who go out there. I ungone around with all of her life.

"That's all very exciting,"Anne derstand there's a good deal of Even if they were going to a roadanswered. "A college boy from the drinking."nouse there couldn't be any real

iscity in a big ripple bound to make if in it. don't right Possibly there harm Marge was "What is? We villagethe but it probably won't with except to mix have our hadn't a very been anyone and she good

make any difference in my young own crowd. Come on Anne, be a sport in the past. Maybe she was

life. The chances are that I shall good sport. Any other girl in town inclined to grow old before her time.

only be privileged to admire him would jump at the chance to go."She glanced back at Warner Lloyd.

from the wrong side of the street.""I suppose you're right,"Anne He was so fine looking and clean cut.

"That's where you're mistaken,"answered, still dubious. "But I do She did hope that she could make

Marjorie cried jubilantly. "We've wish you had chosen some other a good impression on him. Any

arranged a party for tonight and place."girl would want to.

you're coming."small Marjorie's "Nonsense."their destinathey reached When interest Anne's perked up immeair. the in nose "There up went tion their car parked they and wentdiately. like that sounds "Hm, now isn't unless other place any go we in the the under neon doorway hugesomething. the party Where's and ice eat store to the drug and cream that crescent place the gave moon going?"who's twirl stools for the around and on its interior rather name. The was

"You and I, Hope Dalton and excitement. What shall we wear?"dimly lighted and the air did not

Larry Murch besides Ted and his she continued, evidently considering smell any too fresh. The small

guest, and we're going out to the the other matter entirely closed. doubts that Anne had so recently

Blue"Oh—thatMoon."place."The interest wasAnneprobablydecidedno that,reasonafterforall,makingthere again.tifled began to arise within he

in Anne's voice took a sudden drop. a fuss. She knew very little about (Continued on page 242)

CHALLENGE TO THEA CHURCH IN THE NEWS

12, for February Nation In The although Martha Emery, theFromin more1830 thanto 1938a periodis a longof jumptime. Reader'sLivelier OldDigest,Age,""A Stepby RayTowardGiles,A 1938,

It represents a broad jump in also gives a tribute to the same Latauthor of "Mormon Security,"says principle. Saint arter-day In this that as a measChurch we have not press of the attitudethe changed

ticle to Giles Profesopportunities ured sequotes from in the our Mr. Saints. Latterday thetowards

Irving sor curity Fisher, Professor program, that she feels Yale we favorable the nationsThroughout for: of Emeritus to are Economics, complimented pays be who "The so frequentlyreports appeared have

solely to project only to the free Prophet Smith. organized Joseph time,that at the eyes tribute the present

the of govfrom Americans burden at large elechas been world The toare turned ears the of worldand relief, advertised ernment as and trified recently the announceby all countries await us. Eagerlyward such, the has Securbeen Mormon of that the ment Latterday Church in stories the of successthe our

ity close plan."arof her At the Saints seek every should opportunproblems. multiple ofhandling our

ticle rightly she us challenges. by relief off ity to get In NewsWeek

The worth of the Word of Wisof May 22, 1937, more than a twosaying, "Mormons have been predom has received wide recognition. page spread appeared, showing the paring for the day of want. The day

In the Health Digest of October, work of the men and women in their of want is upon them."In his book,

1936, appeared an article titled, effort to care for themselves and Careers After Forty, Walter B. Pit-

"The Mormons and their Health the worthy poor through the Church kin commends the Latterday Saints

Problems."This had previously apSecurity program. In this article for their stand in uniting to fight

peared in the Horizon of New York there appeared several misstatethe dole.

City, begins York. The article New of the ments which NewsWeek 4, 1937, SatThe On Septemberin stimulating following manner: the 10, permitted 1937, to be anJuly complete ran a urday Evening Post

to the greatyou want know about Do Saints, includswered by Latterday article proon the Church Security est in corcorrect eating experiment and ing to submitted one letter which was 1937,""Pioneers, and gram calledrect living ever conducted? you Would

be interested in learning the results of them by Reed Smoot, former United written by Charles Morrow Wilson.

feeding experiments made over a period States Senator, and George Albert This article, based on Mr. Wilson's

of and utilizing a hundred years more than of the of Council Smith, both lived observations while he the own of thousandshundreds of human Editorial of Part the beings? Twelve. Note for Saints the Latterday apamong

The conclusion also stirs: on the same page reads: "Newsproximately six weeks, offers a stimIn the experience of the Mormons we Week's aim is to report fact, not ulating rallying call:

have all the essentials of a perfect experiopinion.... NewsWeek regrets Superficially, this presentday pioneering

ment. We have, first, the premises, that that it relied upon accounts of Jois not particularly dramatic. But the peohealthful secbodies; healthy means ple of Smith Brigham Joseph and Young written seph Smith which were by peopleond, the of who to subsistence take forward plod from subjects—thousandsfood is historians bias to still whose open in stated the as the followed premisehave is It essentially land. the the same...

Word of Wisdom. And, best of all, we question."This note in itself is an hard way. Some falter. Some will fail.

have clearcut results—comparative vital indication of the desire to be fair But many are winning by way of stubborn

statistics, figures which don't lie! which is largely permeating the publabor.

In the February 1938 issue of the lications of the day. Life in its January 3, 1938, issue

fS eNATlONAL APH1C AGAZ1N THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1938

publishes two pages of illustrations a suggested method of coping with the These reports are simply indicadealing with the projects. In addiburningof publicquestionschools ofin completethe UnitedsecularizationStates. I tive of the countless numbers of

tion a full page reproduction of a also wanted to deny that fanaticism abounds similar reports which are flooding picture of President Heber J. Grant in the valley made verdant by the irrigathe'presses in many lands. Newsappears and a full page introducing tion genius of the early Mormon leader, paper clippings constantly pour into

the Eva office. One from The Daily Presidents J. Reuben Clark, Jr., and unconvincedBrigham Young.could seeIf thosenearly who100 seminaryare still

David O. McKay; Rudger Clawson, buildings scattered over the 85,000 square Mail comes from faraway South

Reed Smoot, Melvin J. Ballard and miles of Utah, they would not long remain Africa and has permitted one of

Dr. John A. Widtsoe of the Quounconvinced. our missionaries to expound the

rum of the Twelve; Presiding Bishprinciples of our religion.

op Sylvester Q. Cannon, and ManIn Time for October 4, 1937, aparticle called an "Mormons, aging Director of Sepears the Church read the glowing have we A vidly article, this In Missions."Money, curity B. Lee. program, Harold tributes Saints, to the Latterday

is tribute to the paid SecurChurch

From the pages of The Digest ity plan and special mention is proud and happy that at last the of both August 7, 1937, and of Janmade of the special fast day which world at large has come to an openuary 15, 1938, come articles which was held in Salt Lake City last Sepminded attitude on our faith. Howdeal with the Church Security protember to raise additional money. ever, there is another point of view

gram. Then the attention of the article that must of necessity be stressed

was turned particularly to our new in connection with this adulation.

soften our moral not must We mission, the England, in and a various appearing New Articles lose our purpose. guiding and fibreWe discussion service of our missionary deal others of with magazines in are that a chosen have people we in concludes the following which practices accomplishments. our and if great given truths been which we manner: of In September Commonweal The will to superior us a adhere make

arwrites 3, Sullivan an 1937, Paul that convinced a missionary Once by if people. the other hand, we On

called, ticle of 'silly tales''fully about "The Mormon have been Mormon Way live truth according to the do not is disproved,'likely to a prospect be explains In it Things."he Doing revealed, been have imwhich has we pressed by Mormon statistics—literacy the Saint Latterday somewhat expectation every conof receiving in Saints S. the cent, 99.7 per U. among

method of giving religious instrucbirths 30 per 1,000 as compared with 22 demnation rather than commendation to its young people. He of per 1,000 in 25 nonMormon nations, a tion.

course is not cognizant of our plan death rate of 7.5 compared with the interin its entirety and does not know national average of 14. We have been told by President

that it extends beyond the bounBrigham Young that the only way daries of Utah, for our Church semArticles of general interest to Latin which the kingdom of Zion will inary and institute system now inter-day Saints have appeared in the be established is by our own efforts.

cludes institutions in California, National Geographic of May 1936, He stated on one occasion: "When

Arizona, Idaho, and Wyoming, as which had as its subtitle, "The Beewe enjoy a Zion in its beauty and well as in Utah. However, his apHive State, Settled Only 89 Years glory, it will be when we have built

it. If we enjoy the Zion we now anproach is distinctly sympathetic and Ago, Stands a Monument to the

understanding, and he pays the LatCourage of Its Founders;"in the ticipate, it will be after we redeem

terday Saints some marked compliApril 10, 1937 issue of The Literand prepare it."With this admoniments. In the article he states: ary Digest which attempts to extion constantly before us, we can

plain our principles and something read the tributes paid to us and reEmphatically, they do not thrive on faof our history in the article; "Nosolve that we shall measure up to

this, let disbelieves naticism. If anyone

of for a quarter a madic Evangel;"and in the German what onlookers are saying and to them him live among

century as I have... I have written this papublication, Das lllusttievte Blatt, what we know we should be doing.

per with a view to interest rather than as for February 5, 1938.—M. C. /.

WASHlNGiuiN LXlX.Nc nttft *t* ifrjurtUrmi tenMth Das Reich der Mormonen - T* lto R k fc Re""e,!rrTrr==r7&awwtwJS—

instead i fof*searchingformatteraiwus. iwhat, us thein-..

WATERSWATERS we ANDW*D WINDSWINDS I whata6* Byv tt1 **: qUireA. PT Ago, yearUatte.-Day saints anaPPuh oHbWJesu Je<W,since, Years 89 wC -Jfg "Only, A ofOrCrntrlgham * -h.*:** be"Courage \tt Wl recall tolhe 1918,,. flfl lVtUfT&

i \> tf -&; us Foun, n m *w* Li#

with"blazes -T\H patea Prismatic el* and pink white. 4teu

! Problems.*<yf -'\rioadwi"Health ( \i(e. Their and Mormons The Y. N. York, oLi HorizonNew **!?i iron, Condensed - *hi*

dailydaily dig**** iot TheThe itian-"aboutaboawui knowknowknow,oto &**& wantton hse ll. asasits'.arev=. ode, elude n6 experimentexperiment "greatest greatest thethe by grains. oaredpared ircor-. -iand eating,.; correct in should kernel W ever conducted.'- *oods livinguviit& t;,;Difvectrect PJans V j, *., Rt* porridge. or learnin interested be you Would iotiav avoided.avoided. ufcB bebe experifeeding beeos.WnSMgjU-\i of the r-usn ing ofof man.man. uevso"L 'eo useuse thethe o fioafd period at >a0 "ee. a over tvi - BtV maderesults n!ot ments V%> form e-.<."i f also the.JvVto dori nuts vcrfd,( and years ff hundred a than wantedstria-* more j -n/r-p% ef to*"* (reshfresh c tjPure, thousands of V?,wi.w-6fi< adel hundreds utilizing at freely, drunk - aMlflU

'J5, beings? etl-.*eUa human M.hasO- j-.'-tris/ of flj*- (/o"W o/,f *'V *r meals. mess. ssWe fle5 tween 1 Tevervo'elsevVn!V it when about out jo I extract EveryonelW dccif grain J*sndthey fltWit and VounB.Wre.;;. City, rnade; to *elte revet sod Lake found.1,. Salt t ha4\VneBT vkitrd L

JhsL PROTESTORS OF CHRISTENDOM a STORY DEALING WITH THE WRITINGS AND TEACHINGS OF THE

APOSTOLIC FATHERS AND WITH THOSE NOTABLE CHARACTERS OF RELIGION WHO THROUGH THE CENTURIES HAVE PROTESTED AND WHO

HAVE BEEN PROTESTED AGAINST.

By JAMES L BARKER

CHRIST, Languages BAPTISM OF the Department THETHE Modern FROM Head of of

F. BYA PAINTING E. WEBERG. University at the a member and of the of Utah,

General Board of the Deseret Sunday School

Union

thus: Having first rehearsed all these

things, 'baptize (baptisate), in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy

Qsuniwu and. CisUi. noSpirit',runningin runningwater, water;baptize butin otherif thouwater,hast

and if thou canst not in cold, then in warm.

(CONTINUED) But if thou hast neither, pour (ekXeon) three the times water on head 'in the name35

Spirit'."Father, of the and Holy Son

Baptism and the Lord's Supper Justin Martyr (103166); Baptisate, the Greek word in the

(died about Irenaeus did not modiprofound escape original this quotation, of is always ( 1 60- ); Tertullian 200 fications. translated "baptism by immersion"

) of Alexan220; Clement ( 103to Justin Martyr According qualifying since or and, adverb no

166 A. D.), "It is baptism alone dria (died before 216); phrase is used with it in this pashave purify those can which who Origen (183254). sage, it means necessarily to baptize

.. difnot does,"32 This repented by immersion.

fer from the New Testament usage:

the newlyconverted were! initiated Aside from the wellknown cases "pROM the following quotation from

into the Church by baptism and the of baptism in the New Testament, Tertullian, one would conclude contains passage following gift the that early of the for the baptism laying was by immersion on of hands33 bapconcerning earliest information since quantity a small old those of water the Ghost. Only Holy

enough to be capable of repentance tism: would suffice for baptism by pouring

were subjects for baptism; there is "Concerning baptism, baptize (baptisate) sThe Didache or The Teaching of the Twelve,

not a single34 instance of the baptism thenMoreoverhe chosehe coulda wordhavethatchosendid notthehaveGreekthatwordmeaning.pas, VII,36Partisans1-3. of baptism by pouring or sprinkling

of infants. sometimes combined with tis, pas tis, which would sometimes define the Greek verbs bapto and baptizo

have said what some defenders of infant baptism would as meaning to wash, to immerse. The placing of

32Justin Martyr, Dialogue with Trypho, XIV, 1. like us to believe he intended to say. As evidence to wash first, seems entirely unjustifiable. The large

to the this lists Savior of statement infant of Bailly exdictionary baptism, eighteen for A. Greek M. 5. 1217; 8. VIII. 33Acts XIX,

bearing whatever. exception, has and, of use the of with amples one no baptizo Cornelius

jailer baptized his (Acts "house"and were 34The is it the only in immersion times In the to these gives of plunge, Testament to meaning New is that believing for reason there but 2334) no XVI: used. been to gives have dictionary of baptism twentyone immerse. same form known Theall

that infants the in or any there any "house"were jailer baptized the is Paul that It of defines of argued the examples use but sometimes bapto, one and

Silas baptized: did preach infants Paul not were and text nothing the says to pouring, but in or of sprinkling to to them, the water, bathe hence plunge by

first to infants, (the "unto they him spoken and had in to nothing regard in is pouring or sprinkling cited only and the This which about wash. example

all jailer) to that of the the Lord, and were word the inferred be from of his the the to baptism has and the bapto may Greek meaning manner wash word infants. in his neither In they baptize did house,"jail: in it the is before jailer the baptized as text. as but then not not given primary derived a was The

baptized, family the a cases whole few was where It out"Paul jailer brought and also gives baptism, following derived the the meaning. the "had meanis that the to reason included family there believe no jail; "brought baptism, after the he the the of to ings growing and meaning Silas out to plunge: from

jailer If infants. the of the of the baptism "house"consequently, 16:30, kill his (Acts 34), house"into into a the a plunge them body him; and sword man of

it is in of infant alleged support baptism, sometimes to baptize free it; whersteel into Silas him to water, to been plunge to had Paul temper hence and

is of infant defenders only because the baptism it. find water. fo to into could enough or color ever dye, they plunge hence something dye

cite in the infant of not an baptism example Newcanthat the is justification have Apostles It clearly must for argued other no has here been There any

Testament. literal since there or aspersion sprinkling was the of baptized meaning from which Greek by word

"Unless a man be born again, he cannot enter the not much water in Jerusalem, and yet they baptized baptize comes other than to dip, to plunge, to immerse.

kingdom of heaven."(Acts 111:3.) Neither may it three thousand persons on the day of Pentecost. "The Greek word baptizein (infinitive of baptizo,

be inferred from this statement of the Savior that Concerning this E. Jacquier (Catholique) {Les Actes I baptize) means to dip, to submerge... there is

infants should be baptized. As here quoted from des Apotres, p. 85) says: "about three thousand cited from Greek literature not a single instance of

the King James'version of the Bible, "man"is used persons were baptized; it is not said that it was on the use of the word in which the idea of submersion

to render the Greek indefinite pronoun tis. Though the same day or in the same place, or whether they is not involved.... Immersion is the only catholic

tis may usually be rendered by the German indefiwere baptized by Peter alone (seul). It has been ob- (universal) act of baptism, the only one whose validity

nite pronoun man or by the French indefinite pronoun jected that it would have been very difficult to baptize is recognized semper et ubique et ab omnibus (always on, there is in English no corresponding indefinite three thousand persons, even in a certain lapse of and everywhere and by everybody). The burial in

pronoun and no single word or phrase that may be time, considering the form, immersion, in which bapwater continued to be the standard usage of the used in all cases to translate the meaning of tis. Tis tism was administered in this period of time, and Church for more than a thousand years.... It was

may mean a, an; a certain one; somebody; any one; the scarcity of water in Jerusalem. The public authorthe practice in Britain until the reign of Elizabeth,

all of a class (of which one is speaking), etc. If ities would have been aroused by this demonstration. and is still demanded in the order of the Church of

John desired to quote the Savior as meaning everyone But all around Jerusalem there was a sufficient number England for the baptism of infants unless the parents of the (adult) class to which Cornelius belonged. of pools {piscines) to enable them to baptize such shall certify that the child is weak."—Baptism in the

then he very properly used tis. If he desired to a large number of persons without even attracting New SchaffHerzog Encyclopedia of Religious Knowlquote the Savior as meaning all persons whatsoever. attention."edge,

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1938

or sprinkling: "therefore there is no The baptism proper then began.

difference whether a man be washed Completely disrobed {Entietement in the sea or in a pool, in a river or depouilles de tout vetement), the in a fountain, in a lake or in a canal: candidates advanced to the font, the

nor is there any distinction between archdeacon presented them to the those whom John baptized in the bishop (pope), who asked each one his belief.Jordan, questions Peter bapthree and concerning those whom

..."3Ttized in the Tiber these satisfactorHaving answered

In the early centuries, "clinical ily, the candidate was then immersed baptism"or baptism by pouring or three times as the bishop repeated:

sprinkling, often postponed until the "I baptize thee in the name of the approach of death, was considered Father and of42 the Son and of the an irregularity which normally disHoly Ghost."

qualified 38 for promotion to the PriestAfter baptism, the head of the baphood. tized was anointed with oil, he was

In the beginning, candidates were dressed in white, and the bishop then baptized without any preliminary invoked the Holy Ghost upon him.

period of preparation. Soon howAside from immersion in water

ever a long period of training or and the laying on of hands for the catechumenate was prescribed. The reception of the Holy Ghost, no eleconvert might remain a catechumen ment of this elaborate ceremony is

as long as he pleased and, since the mentioned before the year 200, duties were light and it postponed THE PANTHEON, ROME. neither by the Apostolic Fathers nor

the forgiveness of sins through bapby Justin Martyr. However, about

tism, the aristocracy often preferred for persons who had39 not attained the year 200, baptism is already acthe age of reason."to designation remain catechumens. with the companied by

in the baptistery of the Baptism After of the salt, the renouncing cross, the use catechumen had been at early as church Lateran Rome evil for exorcising of the Satan, baptism, of theapproved he was known as eighth the perhaps seventh or 40 one, the of faith, a competent, the confessionas exorcized and was is frecentury described by Duschene. after oath. evil ofquently taking expel to the Immediately one, an and

received instructions preparatory to Like the baptistery at Pisa, the bapbaptism, the newlybaptized was baptism. Baptism was performed tistery of the Lateran was built for given the sacrament with milk and

of the baptizing purpose immerbyordinarily Easter. at honey. rites the Both

sion. describing font the Afterof of children baptism baptism of the Lord's and became supper The {piscine) fed with and it was how practice differenttook in the fifth general centhe in different forms

jets of water, running Duschene tury,countries. councils of the and Olmutz

it states that that here bishop the was In D., Salathe century, seventh canon A. 19) (1318 "the and bap-

) Easter. celebrated at baptism pope ( detism of canon adults A. (1335 excepmanca 6) had become D candles borne Preceded huge by two in thattional."children general should creed Children were accompanied

in front to of of the the singing him birth. after baptized soon be godfathersby and godmothers

43 litany, entered the the bishop bapCyprian, bishop of Carthage,charged the with responsibility of tistery suite. his preceded After by the question it in confronted with their whethanswering name. "But "collective"a another prayer and heretics er baptized should clear that on bewas the formulas had in "eucharistic form,"the prayer

is entering firm of the the Church, adults, forbeen that composed and bishop baptism. the with proceeded

is opinion that "the baptismthe which ceremonies themselves did not long prayer, prescribed Another by is outside the full their performed no Churchhave meaning used when 44 still ritual of century, the the eighth is Tertullian the baptism."of same 37In is of defence pouring, attention sometimes 45 in use, interrupted twice while was

seventh the chapter of gospel Mark's (3): opinion. called"And {Continued 234) on page

they his of the the signtowhen of cross saw. disciples some eat with bread on made was

is defiled, that to say, with.. unwashen (aniptois) oil this into restoration for the of heaven mind in the the then water water and andhands, fault. they found the Pharisees, (4). For a benediction holy with thy. body; be and and

all theand except their Jews, they (nipsontai) wash all spirit, protection for soul of body, and and mind to once water. the more blow on

oft, eat not,hands tradition holding of the the ( elders. ) oil anointed, taste the are or to touch the who the bishop the pronounced Then they the market, when except fromAnd come they all all all infirmity, of pain, sickness of removal

,."(baptisontai)wash not.. eat. they other many And and body mind. in plenitudwords: Descendat hancthings there be, they as hold, tj received which have

oil for the of with consecration Comparethe washing cups, of pots, brasen (baptismous) and virtus tui fontis Spiritus inem ( May vessels, tables of and (couches Lightfoot the klinon)."sick today. the of Spirit into thy descend power that (in supposed"had verse or they plunged 4) 42Duschene, Culte chretien, Origines Les du pp.

thebathed "instead of hands"having moistened them this of fulness font). 326333. the two The

in as pouringby the preceding verse."Lagrange

like Tertullian Cyprian (185284), and indeed dignitariesdoes interpretation think not candles, carried of the verse impossible, 4 the who all almost writers, Latin early African. Bean wasbut is says concerning three: "it a verse question into the of his fore plunged the conversion, rhetorician. water them a he His been had... ritualof a they formality the touched water

treatises his letters important chief are the are andwith the for fingers."the of end Lagrange, And font. then bishop a took vase The for time. the history the source suffered of He, 41kai klinon (and tables—couches) though added "by

martyrdom. it oil in of of the and form pouredserious authorities"been have "must suggested by

the legislation of Leviticus xv,"saint Evangile selon

Marc, it into his a cross on the water, afterwards interrogatory44Cyprian, Epistle,which isLXX,put in2: Baptism,"Moreover,is a thewitnessvery does not and he admit pp. 180183,

text. There is nothing here on which to base an stirring it with his hand. of the truth. For when we say, 'Dost thou believe in

argument for baptism by sprinkling. eternal life, and remission of sins through the holy

is Church?'remission that the of sins "sEcclesiastical canons mean not we Council NeoXX; of 39Duschene, Les Origines chvetien, 312. p. Quite da

given, in except 12. c. 8, that heretics, the Church; letter butCaesaria, of with quotes Eusebius a (Catholic), 40Duschene Origines da Les Culte

is the sins not, whereCornelius cannot remitted. Church bishop of be (251253) Ecclesiastical Rome, chretien, 326333. Lateran an had been The pp.

therefore, claim heretics that baptize, 17: can this illustriousHistory, They, who VI, person "For when imperial palace to belonged Fausta, and had the wife

let either interrogatory, the them change or the maintain indeserted of which Church he God, came when It Constantine. of together given him, was with by

truth; the unless they also indeed to ascribe a believe, Church of the presbyterate he was worthy deemed costly vessels gold, bishop of to the of Rome.

to those they also contend Baptism."the have See laid through of who bishop, favor his the hand oil who previously for consecrated the been had 41This

12. Cyprian LXXIII. to thaton him confer order the (meeting opposition In faithful little addition purpose. vials "the presented

allof the lay clergy persons as since many and oil, for their of intended to use, personal 15: Tertullian, own therebe VIII, baptismo, well—De "And

one received has pouring baptism who (by affusion by faithful it blessed; of the use fore one, not made because the have baptism with same we themselves."—

water, not his immersion) to sickon head owing by Duschene, Les Culte it Origines chretien, 323. which, since (the they them, p. heretics) du not have

ness, as had, Novatus to not be ordained might is an part a of the formula, rightly, as Here it quoted without all, doubt by they at not have nor request that to he might allowed be in Duschene, the usedorder—with blessing is that can counted, there: beg not which "Send, be we So and

...)"this alone.ordain manthe of it, Lord, the Spirit it thee the cannot since also they receive Comforter from Holyoil: they have not."

writes her here AUTHOR THE of prosubject thoughts on this found importance as she would if she were writing to her own daughter. And it is to be hoped that something For time

of this prayerful approach may enter into the thinking and planning of every prospective bride and of every friend or parent who undertakes to advise a prospective bride. and eternity

By LEAH D. WIDTSOE

My dear Daughter:

Themarriagejoyoushasnewsjustofbeenyourreceivedcoming hasten to assure and I thsL AfwuMeA. ialL happiness great in the knowledge you of my * AJbwiqhL pwm.

lifethat for a chosen have you comio ijquw womsun. JAla, two iMaimsmJL can honorpanion a man whom you

and respect as well as love, and one who is united with you in the deeper o$* an, ohL Ambf&cL dsalA. ftiankLy. and,

spiritual things of life.

Naturally, as you say, you will de- &aJim&ih otc mxVUtiaqiL andihrngA, sire to be married in the Temple even though the journey there may mean ctoAcltf A&Iai&d io ii.

some financial outlay; for when one

loves as you do, the thought of marriage "until death do ye part"is hopeless in the extreme. It is never the

same when you are married first by a marriage. If you are sure that you that family ties last unto eternity if

civil authority, even though you may have been guided in your choice, then life here is lived in righteousness. As

have a later Temple ceremony. No begin your wedded life aright, by being you grow in years you will realize incivil marriage can compare in beauty married in the Temple of our God by creasingly what joy this knowledge

and soulstirring solemnity with that one who has authority "to bind on gives.

which is performed in the House of the earth"that it may be "bound in While you are preparing for this

Lord; and if you do not have the right heaven."event, think deeply on the meaning of

ceremony with which to begin your marriage. One doesn't just get married

united lives you will miss something First, let me ask you to read careand then "live happily ever after"as very sweet and precious. fully and prayerfully Section 132, the story books say. Marriage is really

Should you feel that possibly you verses 4 to 27, in the Doctrine and just the beginning of life's rich fruition.

may not want to associate with your Covenants. Note that the key to life's A successful marriage is always the rechosen mate throughout eternity as well real satisfaction is this "new and eversult of daily effort (enjoyable, if at

as on this earth, then let me beg of you lasting covenant"as explained in verses times difficult) on the part of two wellto change your plans right now, for no six to nine. In no other church is given mated individuals who unselfishly seek

lasting happiness could come of such a this blessed privilege of understanding to please and appreciate the other more than self. It is no "hit or miss"propoBRIDE'S ROOM, SALT LAKE TEMPLE. THE sition. Each must understand the other

LOVELINESS OF THISPASTEL ROOM SURROUNDS and plan for daily happiness.

BRIDE WITH BEAUTY YOUNG AND COMTHE

FORT IN THE HALLOWED INFLUENCE OF THE Naturally, I shall hope to be with 1938, by Heber F. Davis. Copyright Photo by D. SHE GOES THERE THE LORD OFHOUSE WHEN

Trustee'inTrust. permisyou every moment during your first day Reproduction ]. Grant. TO "FORTO BE HER BETROTHED WEDDED

TIME AND ETERNITY."sion for any purpose specifically withheld. in the Temple. Should anything prevent my being there be assured that

kind and thoughtful assistance will be given you by the good women who officiate in that holy House. Everyone

there desires to make your wedding day one of the most glorious of all your days on earth. So prepare to enjoy

every moment of this enlightening experience.

'"The obligations which you assume in the ordinances of the Temple are all uplifting and for your own enrichment, and are not difficult to carry out.

You may not comprehend the full meaning of all the ceremonies at first, but repeated visits will make them clearer and more enjoyable. Each time

you go in the right spirit, you will have "light added unto light"and your soul will be truly fed and uplifted.

One of the deeper truths taught therein is that your body is sacred as the tabernacle of one of God's chosen spirits. It belongs to you to cherish,

to keep healthy and clean that your life

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1938

on earth may be more joyous thereby,

Understanding this, no woman should desire to make a display of herself to strangers even for the price of admiration, or of being "in style,"for the satisfaction of her own vanity. On analysis

this motive is most unworthy and unwomanly. Even the newer knowledge

of nutrition which teaches that the sun is healthgiving when it shines directly on the skin does not connote exposing yourself unduly to public gaze. For

obvious reasons the sunbath as other baths should be taken in privacy.

When this is well understood you will find it somewhat easier to select styles that are correct yet chic even for your evening dresses. To a good

man or woman, short sleeves and a modestly round or V-neck are always more attractive than the dress which exposes a woman's body for strangers to behold, and surely you do not desire to attract the other kind of perby 1938, TEMPLE Hebcr LOGAN Davis. Copyright SRIOE'S ROOM, F. by D.son,

permisno matter how beautiful you Photo/. Trusteein-Trust. Grant, Reproduction BLUE, AND DECORATED DELICATELY

sion withheld. specifically or purposemay be. any THIS THE TO CENTERIN GOLD YOUNG SERVES ROOM

To be modestly dressed does not WHICHBRIDE'SISMINDHERSONTO THELAY GLORIOUSAN ENDURINGPRIVILEGEFOUNmean that you must look a "frump"DATION FOR ETERNAL PARTNERSHIP WITH or be a "freak,"for there are always those sacred privileges. I pray that HER BELOVED.

conservative fashions to be chosen and you may earn your blessings in a way you may wear your clothes with greater that is rair and square, for "God will tions and vows side by side with him.

dash and freedom just because you are not be mocked."Eventually and in This is right, but it is a sacred privilege

modest. some way, all must pay the price for which we should cherish and not sell

There is a deeper meaning still in every broken law. for "a mess of pottage."If we do not

this subject. Most things in life are '"Phe Lord intended that His people live to be worthy of this as other blessexpressed by symbols. I write the should be leaders in all that is ings, they may be taken from us. So'

let valiant wise us be in obeying and it is "love"; a smallword virtuous, if possible, righteous—more word—just all the of this holy laws House, pen, of thea a world few lines but what understanding more helpful and than

I that suggest to return the you May it. forof meaning the all who not world to follow choose do who

as often as it possible Temple and arts, in things other withSo in this footsteps. His purpose For was understandlife—the your covenants. suggestion is A themusic, page, the printed even its in the fulness restored to renew Gospel

for each anniversary wedding is to all. is with So it earth."movie"—symbols in each all day other's company only, ofour a symbol Temple clothing, Remember also that this is your indispend

God's protecting care which follows us vidual privilege; don't be influenced and also to perform in the Temple some

as we leave His holy House, to be by what others do. In the Temple you sealing ordinances for others who have

with us always in our work, our play. will be told what is right and that is died without that privilege. Thus your

By day and by night, that symbol your definite guide no matter what own marriage vows may be more covers our bodies and truly helps us to "Mrs. So and So"says outside the closely welded and you will be richly

remember our covenants and keeps us Temple. It should make no difference blessed thereby.

near to Him and His guidance. Should to you how "Somebody's wife"or some Remember that as you love and re-

I disfigure it or banish it, I am not just "Higherup"wears her clothing. That spect your husband as your fileleader,

removing a piece of cloth, but a sacred is her affair not yours; if she breaks you may expect love and consideration

symbol of great power to me in a life a law she will have to pay the penalty, in return. In homes where the man

vicissiof temptations many and much not you you—unless are weak and folhonorsfully his hisChurchPriesthoodduties Iandhaveperformsalwaystude. corthat symbol worn With example. low an unworthy

rectly I am in a position to tune my I hope that with your effort and mine found the greatest happ'.ness. You

lifeneeds to His infinite power for help we can manage to get all your Temple help him and in turn he will help you to duty. your do just as radio the it most, needwhen I clothing that so you them may have

If have you please any queries, askreceives impulses central the from for always will very your own. They

for feel yourself must you prestudio the only instrument when precious will them, is be more just because you properly tuned. have the memory of having worn them pared and ready to receive these rich

blessings. life your That partnership took marriage you when your vows. privilege This your becomes when prove to be increasingly joyous is It is to important look best may more your enter and, Hisyou House, want if you earnest prayer. my in the than outside shall Temple and blessingsthe we therein, bestowed make loving mother. Your try to everything have simple but beauin toup "soul mind your keep your

tune"-—cost what it may. Don't try to tiful. Editor's Note: In an early issue of

cheat your Heavenly Father by deOne more thought: Only in the The Improvement Era the author will

manding His protection and blessings modern Temples of the restored Gosaddress herself on this same subject as and then living your life in all the pel have women been admitted as man's she would write to her son concerning worldly ways of those who ridicule equal to partake of all sacred obligahis plans for marriage.

OS#v@0

22r SOME THOUGHTSM BOOK OF nJt is not common that the voice of the people desireth anything contrary to that which is right; but it is

common for the lesser part of the people to desire that

WHICH IS NOT RIGHT."( BOOK OF MORMON, MoSIAH 29:26.)

highly significant. According to his

inspired view, violence in the social

Alma the younger bestruggle is bound to lead to sin and Whengan his missionary labors to release passions and restraints among the Zoramites, he which every true follower of Christ found that they had not only pershould avoid.

verted beyond recognition the reliOf course, Amulek does not adgion of the Nephites, but that their vocate nonresistance as a means for hearts were set upon gold, silver, bringing about the instant amelioracostly apparel, and the riches of the tion of the condition of the poor.

world. While they had built up an He deems their spiritual redemption

impressive material civilization, and to be of greater importance than while many enjoyed great prospertheir social liberation, and as to the ity, there was among them a numerlatter his immediate outlook is pessious class of poor people who, bemistic. Hence his exhortation that

cause of their lowly station, were dehis listeners should bear their tribuprived of many prerogatives which lation "in the firm hope that"they the rich claimed exclusively for "shall one day rest from all"their themselves. As is often the case in "afflictions."(Alma 34:41.)

such communities, they were denied The rejection of violence as a a share in the enjoyment of the very principle of social action is, neverthings which they had built with theless, significant politically. Histheir own hands. This class distory bears out the spirit of Amulek's

tinction was accentuated by a spirit view that social justice should not be of disdain which the privileged disenforced at the point of the sword.

played towards the more unfortunate When the trial balance of the accommembers of their community. plishments of revolutions is struck,

This social inequality had caused the result is likely to preponderate a strong resentment among the poor. in favor of social progress through

They were bewildered, unable to peaceful means.

find a solution for the difficulties The advice of Amulek embodies, which, they imagined, had been however, a complete moral vindicaplaced in the path of their material tion of the cause of the oppressed.

and religious life. In their perplexWhile the poor believer is admonishity they were willing to listen to ed to abstain from force and abuse,

Alma and his missionary companthe rich who entrench themselves in ions. Alma's answer to their quesprivilege created by their economtion (Alma 32:8-33:23) is a paneically superior position and who congyric on the spiritual advantages of sider "their brethren as dross,"while

poverty. Amulek's discourse, (Altheir own hearts are set upon their

ma, Chapter 34 ) likewise, moves alriches, stand already condemned.

most exclusively on a spiritual plane. Predatory practices such as those

Yet, in view of the natural bitterness indulged in by the rich Zoramites, of his listeners over their social posiby which their fellows are reduced tion, Amulek deems it necessary to to underprivilege and abject povvoice this admonition: erty, make sinners of those who

And now, my beloved brethren, I would resort to them. Thus Amulek's

exhort you to have patience, and that ye warning to keep the social peace bear with all manner of afflictions; that ye most assuredly provides no justifido not revile against those who do cast you cation for a privileged position of

out because of your exceeding poverty, lest the rich.

ye become sinners like unto them. (Alma

34:40.) Tn view of these obvious deductions

Amulek's warning to be patient from Amulek's formula for social: What soHILL CUMORAH MONUMENT and to abstain from abuse and action the problem arises

calumny under the circumstances is cial and economic condition does the nifoLSOCIAL MESSAGE By JEAN WUNDERLICHMORMON 44 Tf the time comes that the voice of the people does choose the preaching of the word had a great to that the people tendency do which iniquity time that judgments is the the then of god it powerful more had had

YOU, WILL TIME YES, THEN IS THE COME UPON YOU was He WILL VISIT than of the people minds effectjust—yea,uponto leadthe

WITH GREAT DESTRUCTION."( BOOK OF MORMON, MoSIAH 29:27.) the sword, or anything else, which had happened unto them—therefore Alma thought

it was expedient that they should try the virtue of the word of God. (Alma 31:5.)

instance, in the Nephite idea of Therefore, not he does rely on equality the before law (Mosiah in Gerborn Wunderlich, JEAN law, enforced reform nor an by on in their idea the in of the characthe 29:32), served Church many,

spiritual equality, the but through teristics to ideal ruler of 1922 the from Mission SwissGerman (Mosiah to of the he hopes Gospel message editor principally as associate 1926, in 2:1116), the Nephite and monepresi- district as of a Stern and Der ( stir their of in tary duty, them remembrance up system Alma, Chapter 11). at the condent. to Utah Coming pull the that he might down, and by word social But one recurs thought again his of mission clusion engaged he all all craftiness of the pride and and God,

in editorial again the in in of teachings work, and variously the and the his contentions which were peoamong the the of teaching study and German very the mission headed man who ple, that seeing might reclaim no he way of the in of Utah, University law it in in bearing is to pure the save them were that Zoramites: down Alma's of University HamilChicago, and

( against them. testimony 4:19.) Alma inequality. against crusade is College, Clinton, ton Y. N. He

field leadership in in Today, successfully the practhe of engaged now the thus from And we gather tice in of and, Angeles, with law Los is justice economic responsibility a of the experience and words Alma his wife, the former Burlingame Jane it is churches, shunned yet by many all limitations inherent of law and son, of Denver, one and Walter Eugene, now resides in the Rosemead a responsibility the assumption of of all government.

Ward of Pasadena Stake, where he which is expected more and more of is an active member of the Church. organized religion. Leadership in HPhat the solution of social diffithat field is not new among God's culties must be sought on the

people. The Book of Mormon clearspiritual plane is evident from anBook of Mormon consider desirable? ly warrants the conclusion that the other problem on which the Book

of ecoNo categorical answer to that Church may properly promulgate of Mormon touches—that

question is possible. For nigh unto ideals of distributive justice and take nomic depressions. The Nephites

two hundred years after the appearsteps to shape the economic morality were not immune to these recurring ance of Christ on the American conof its members. changes in their economic life, and

tinent a "united order"prevailed as At a time when Alma still occuthis in spite of the fact that they apan economic system among the Nepied the political office of chief judge pear to have had a commodity curphrites. For lack of a better name, among the Nephites, "seeing all rency and free coinage of silver.

this system may be characterized as their inequality"he "began to be (Alma 11:5-19.) Some of the

a pure form of collective ownership. very sorrowful."This condition, causes assigned for depressions toThe details of its organization have more explicitly described in Alma day were not available as explananot been preserved, except, perhaps, 4:12, was to him "a great source of tions for the bad times of Book of

in a modified form practiced by the lamentation,"sufficiently great to Mormon history. There was, for

Incas. and Mayas We only know inducefice andhimdevoteto resignhimselfhis exclusivelysecular ofinstance,exports, noof problemtariffs, andof importsof foreignand time, that that during

to the ministry. From that time exchange. There were, of course,

every man did deal justly one with anon we encounter in his reform work such external causes as drought, other. And they had all things in common a constant indictment of inequality. poor crops, epidemics, and wars.

them; there therefore among not rich were Yet, the throughout Nephite record is evident. Glaring The lesson free. poor, 2-3; and bond and (4 Nephi

ultimate for reason is given one inequality the people among also see 26:19.) of God only 3 Nephi

is not desirable under the divine changes in the business cycle, nameThis passage, incidentally, is plan. The prophets of old recogly.

proof that under proper conditions nized more clearly than we are willAnd it came to pass that they did repent a community of worldly goods is a ing to admit today that liberty and and inasmuch as they did repent they did feasible economic system conducive equality are twins and that liberty begin to prosper. (Heleman 4:15.)

to a condition of supreme human cannot be fully realized without Just as in the case of social proghappiness. equality. ress, the factors underlying ecoEven when this ideal state did not Alma's example contains, hownomic conditions are spiritual. Even

prevail among the Nephites, the ever, this other equally important the unbeliever will concede that economic practices of the people lesson: the avenue to equality is every explanation offered for our

claimed the earnest attention of the through the Church. Here again present economic ills may be reduced

leaders of Book of Mormon times. the proper approach to the problem ultimately to a spiritual cause. In

Being observers of the law of Moses, is spiritual. Otherwise it would be the end it is always the moral chartheir economic concepts were shaped paradoxical for Alma to resign acter of man that determines his

largely by the ideals of distributive political power at the very moment economic behavior.

justice as revealed in the Old Testahe desires to bring about a social The Nephites, therefore, knew ment. This influence of ancient reform. But Alma, in the years of and experienced again and again

scripture is clearly discernible, for his political life, has learned that (Continued on page 234) fcdfofriaL onetenth of our "annual interest"as a witness of our devotion to Him, and of our recognition of His preeminence in the universe. Men who sense their

human limitations and accept the leadership of God

THEthe Onehundred-eighthChurch of Jesus ChristAnnualof LatterdayConferenceSaintsof are the great ones of earth—and there is no other

will convene in the Tabernacle, Salt Lake City, Utah, certain path to true greatness.

on Sunday, April 3, 1938, at 10 a. m. ( continuing with

sessions on Monday, April 4, and Wednesday, April 6. Power comes to the tithepayer. He learns to

Priesthood meeting General The will be held Moncommand his earthly desires. That means self- 4, at 7 evening, April p. m. day

Instinctively, the Salt region comprising Lake to power. key Wards man may hold

fast either the the monthly meeting on last Sunday its equivalent, the means by which in mastery—theloves money or the April. in or second March Sunday

material desires may be gratified. At first he

struggles inwardly, with himself, to return even a tenth of the material gifts of life to the Giver. But,

as he looks upward, and establishes within his soul the relative values of the things of the earth and those of the spirit, it becomes easy. To relinquish

material goods for spiritual blessing is the issue of the battle. To the extent that he obeys the law,

First Presidency. he secures victory; and the degree of his victory

becomes the measure of his power,—the power to

overcome the trials and difficulties of life. God's

freemen are they who have fought for selfconquest

HThe ancient practice of giving a tenth of one's and have won the fight.

income to the Lord is a standing law of the Important is the law of tithing, none more so.

restored Church of Christ. It was so declared in The wise man rejoices in the privilege of obeying

a revelation to the Prophet Joseph Smith, one hunit. Indeed, only those who do obey it make themdred years ago, on July 8, 1838. On the same day selves fully worthy of their high calling as Latteranother revelation directed that the disposition of day Saints. Unless the law be obeyed, the Zion

the tithing of the people should be under the auof the latterdays cannot arise to bless the world.

thority of a council composed of the First PresiObedience to this sacred law is essential to produce dency, the Twelve Apostles, and the Presiding a purified people, who can be used by the Lord in

Bishopric. the accomplishment of His mighty purposes.

Thus, in these latter days the principle of tithing—/. A. W.

was reestablished, and the wise expenditure of its proceeds ensured. JsimplsL WjohhiaqsL

This principle, like all others within the Gospel, fUfarriage, next to birth and the acceptance of is for the benefit of the membership of the Church, individually and collectively. The tithepayer truth, is the most important event of life. Hapreceives quick returns, temporal and spiritual, for pily wed, a person enters a beautiful and satisfying

life; unhappily wed, he lives joyless days. Marhis offering.

Tithing supplies the physical needs of the riage is a serious matter.

Church. From the tithings of the people all necesLove, the foundation of the happy marriage, is

sary Church buildings are in part erected; temples, only in part of the body; it is more of the spirit.

churches, schools, hospitals, and missions are mainIt respects the object of its devotion; it is unselfish;

tained; the hungry are fed, and the naked are it is true; it gives more than it receives.

clothed; and the numerous general expenses of the A marriage satisfied with termination at death,

Church are paid. All members of the Church enwhen it might be everlasting, is based upon a shaljoy the privileges thus made possible, and, naturally low and fleeting love. It looks but to the moment

are responsible for the temporal obligations created and not to the day. Under the stress of life it is

by these varied benefits. likely to crumble and fall. True love is deathless;

Tithing helps men remember their dependence it pleads for an endless association.

on God. That is a spiritual necessity, essential to Children complete the family circle. Father,

real success. The heavens and the earth were mother, son and daughter are the sacred words of

made by the Lord. By Him men were placed on home. These priceless relationships will continue

earth. He gives the seasons and the harvests. All beyond the grave for those whose union is for time

good gifts come from Him. In return for His and eternity.

loving kindness He offers us the privilege of giving The problems of life are many. A rudderless

boat on Eternity's ocean is the man or woman who Nor does the Church of Jesus Christ seek spirdoes not draw strength from the unseen world. In itual benefits for mankind and rest content to leave

sickness, in defeat, in upward striving, in days of its members in physical want. That is the way of

a type of asceticism which would try to redeem a conquest, the wise, happy, and successful man turns man's soul and let his body go begging. Or it may

to God, who in all His acts bridges time and be an excuse for convenient neglect of the physical eternity. They who are eternally wedded, having wants of a people. But the Gospel of Jesus Christ

accepted the oneness of life here and hereafter, takes eternal note of the fact that good and useful if they are "everymay more securely draw for help upon the powers men are better and more useful whit whole."

of the greatest, the unseen world. They will find

Nor does the Church of Jesus Christ rest contheir every burden lightened, their every joy made tent to leave any class of its people in ignorance keener, their utmost hope more glorious. while a priestly group is charged with the exclusive

The authority to perform everlasting marriages, responsibility of doing the thinking and the intertranscending the bounds of time, to continue forpreting and the "interceding with God"in many of of thought worship. Gospel and Theever family relationships of parents and children, matters eternal fact that the takes note of Jesus Christ

to use more effectively the powers of the world out a man cannot be positively good where his knowlof which man came and to which he shall return, edge does not lead him, and one of the most has been restored to earth. glorious truths restated in the present dispensation

You, of this people, who stand upon the threshthroughthat menthe"cannotProphetbe Josephsaved inSmithignorance."heralds the fact

old of marriage, who have been taught the eterNor does the Church of Jesus Christ rest content nity of life, must seek with all your might the privto see its members attain physical wellbeing or ilege of entering the temple of the Lord, there to pursue this thing called "intellectuality"without be sealed to your mate, for endless lives. There is giving due weight and attention to the spiritual

no more glorious privilege vouchsafed to man. values of life. Nowhere more than in the Church

of Jesus Christ is it more vigilantly realized that

Beautiful is the temple service. It unfolds the material wellbeing and worldly wisdom cannot

story of existence; it points the path to divine survive for good beyond the time of their separaachievement; it brings peace to the soul, power to tion from alloy with things of the spirit.

the spirit, joy to the toiler, comfort to the sorrowing. There is no law or ordinance of the Gospel,

It gives you eternal possession of your loved ones. therethere isis nono organizationwritten or spokenor activityutteranceof theofChurch,an inDo not live in the shadow when you might live spired servant of the Lord but what has as its sole

in the light. Do not look to the earth when you purpose making men "every whit whole."And for

might belong in the skies; do not draw upon the this purpose the Church has established many

agencies and activities in the past, and will continue feeble hour, when you might use the powers of to establish more in the future as need arises and as eternity for your life's purposes; do not be satisfied the Lord directs.

with a fragment of joy, when its fullness might be The latest such helping agency is the Security yours. Program. Before it came the Primary Association,

With your loved one by your side enter God's the Department of Education, the Genealogical

I. A., the Sunday School, theholy temple on your great day, the day of your Society, the M.

marriage.—J. Relief Society, the missionary system, the law of A. W, tithing, the law of consecration, the Word of

Wisdom, faith, repentance, baptism, and all of the "fasMj. WhiL WhoJbL'other tenets, principles, and organizations—all to

further the cause of making men "every whit of the paid occasions when Jesus one manyC\$ faith, to nurture mental, to promote whole"—all incisive to his quiet his hypocritrespects but physical, spiritual moral, point to and harmony—allical said destroyers, accusers wouldbe and He facilitate eternal the of a and journey the way

"... I have made a man every whit whole..."human soul.

(John 7:23). And no generation has produced a And at the risk of seeming to be oldfashioned,

better definition of the function of the Gospel of at the risk of being accused of intolerance, even at

Jesus Christ than that. This Gospel (and the the risk of offending some who are not likeminded,

Church of Jesus Christ, the earthly agency through may we remind our readers that even in the year which the business of the Gospel is conducted) 1938 there is still no other way under heaven has one objective, and that objective is to make all whereby a man may become "every whit whole,"men "every whit whole."either in this world or the world to come, save

The purpose of the Church is not to build a only through obedience to the ordinances and prinpowerful and everwidening world organization ciples of the Gospel of Jesus Christ as that Gospel except as such organization will promote the salhas been stated in other generations and restated in vationganizations—evenof human souls.churches—whichThere may beseekworldpowerorrevelation.this dispensationAnd mayby divineit be saidmessengerto all thatandsuchdirectan

for its own sake and which widen influence for oldfashioned thing as obeying the commandments selfinterest, but that is not the way of the Church of God is still the smart thing to do for a man who of Jesus Christ. desires to become "every whit whole."R. L. E.

hpeLuti NEW MISSION PRESIDENT The St. George South Ward Chapel organization. She also, at the invitation

CHOSEN was dedicated by President Heber J. of President Brigham Young and in

Tlder Richard E. Folland was apGrant. company with five other Utah girls,

*-* pointed, February 21, 1938, by the Thursday, February 24, 1938. learned the art of typesetting and folFirst Presidency as head of the South Elders George Albert Smith and lowed that profession for several years.

African Mission to succeed LeGrand Rufus K. Hardy arrived in Sydney, She married Joseph S. Tingey in 1884

P. Backman, a lifelong friend and Australia. and bore seven children, five of whom

former missionary companion when the Sunday, February 27, 1938. survive her.

two of them labored in the South AfPresident Heber J. Grant dedicated UTAH STATE AGRICULTURAL

rican Mission from 19151920. the Thirtyfirst Ward Chapel. COLLEGE OBSERVES FIFTIETH

The Phoenix Stake was organized ANNIVERSARY.

from part of the Maricopa Stake, with TI7ith educational, civic, and church

James R. Price as president. v "leaders participating, the Utah

The Maricopa Stake was reorgan- State Agricultural College at Logan, ized with Lorenzo Wright as president. Utah, observed on Tuesday, March 8,

MARTHA HORNE TINGEY the fiftieth anniversary of the signing

PASSES of the Lund bill, which act of the Utah

Legislature college brought the into for ITrs. Tingey, Horne Martha

in existence 1888, provisions the under presitwenty-four general years bill. federal of the landgrant college dent the of Mutual Young Women's participants Prominent included GoverAssociation, Improvement died March Blood, nor FrederPresident H. Henry at in 11, 1938, City. Salt her Lake home

ick of the of Regents, Board Dr. Champ fifty years she prominently For was Peterson, colpresident of the G. Elmer E. P. RICHARD LE FOLLAND BACKMAN GRAND in activities associated with women's

lege, Elder Ballard of Melvin the the Church. in serving addition to Folland Elder of Regents, Dr.J. Board A. WidtJohn first the the of General Board When in fieldin active has the mission been soe, a president former professor and I. in organized Y. A. 1880, M. was W. superthe School Stake Sunday Wells institution. of the then Tingey, Mrs. Horne, Martha was is counsecondintendency he where M. as HEBER PASSES counselor chosen second WELLS Elmina byselor.

first T-Jeber of governor Wells, M. in S. Taylor. Mrs. continued Tingey his Elder Folland on Accompanying A A

I. state the of in of service the Daniel son that Utah her and A. from M. his three will wifemission be and

until Wells, 12, died release at as her 1938, time the H. presgeneral Marchdaughters.

NEW CHOIR PRESIDENT April,ident at1929.the General Conference of ageretiredof 78.fromAlthoughactive serviceElder Wellsduring hadthe

CHOSEN Gifted as a musician, reader, writer, past few years, he had continued to be [ ester F. Hewlett was appointed, and speaker, she was invaluable in the of invaluable service as one of the chief

*-* February 26, 1938, by the First early history of the Young Women's editorial writers of the Deseret News.

Presidency to succeed Bishop David

A. Smith as president of the Tabernacle

Choir. Bishop Smith has served as

president of the Choir since 1908. Recently the press of other duties relative

to his work as one of the Presiding

Bishopric has made it imperative that

Bishop Smith be relieved.

Sunday, February 6, 1938.

A Priesthood Conference of the

North Davis Stake was held. Elder

Joseph Fielding Smith was the speaker.

Sunday, February 13, 1938.

The Smithfield Fourth Ward, Smithfield Stake, was organized from part of the Smithfield First Ward. Dr. G. L. MISSIONARIES LEAVING FOR THE FIELD FROM THE SALT LAKE MISSIONARY HOME

Reese was sustained as bishop. ARRIVED FEBRUARY 28, 193S—DEPARTED MARCH 17, 193S

M. T. Van Orden was sustained as Left to right, First Row: Wendell Toolson Hurrin, Byron Murphy Billings, Joseph F. Shepherd,

bishop of the Smithfield First Ward. MaryKendallSant,Balls.Marianne Wiscomb, Fay Arline King, Florence Ethel Smart, Harriet Mace, Gail Wright,

Tuesday, February 15, 1938. Second Row: Byron F. Haderlie, Richard J. McBride, Evelyn S. Carmen, Betty May Kotter, Marie

Alice Murri, Crook. Doyle Madea Albert Wilde, Herbert Grant K. Brooks, LeRoy acting Hallam, Palmer was appointed W. D. Third Joseph Clayson, Harold Row: Matheson, Louise Porter, C. Grant Wilde, Horace Gordon Ednapresident of Mission. the Tahitian Bessie C. Hacking, Lee, Esther Ramola Thornton, Twitchell, Robinson, Clyde Augustus Fay Howard

Stephensen, Stewart Row: Wight, Margaret Winegar, M. James Willard Mary A. M. 20, 1938. FebruarySunday, Wilde.

Healey, Vilate Vera Dalley, Eftnma Parry, Ross Louise Hansen. H. Cook, John Roy M. Max City Second Cedar Ward was reRigby,FourthFifth Peterson, E. Mills, Row: Arthur P. Jones, Walter Bolender, Eugene C. William William

Helen Teichert, D. Christensen, Cecil J. Harper, Morrill, K. Alton Herman A. Jenson, Jacob Lamontorganized

Jenkins. with O. C. Bowman as Wendill Deebishop. Sixth Ellwood Row: Miller, Rasmuson, Harris Thernon West T. Ashby, Walter A. Wiley

The Mount Graham Stake was orEverett M. Wray, Francis B. Dial, Vernon L. Kunz, Joseph F. Cooper, Elias Jepsen. Sleight,

ganized with Spencer Kimball as presJr., LynnSeventhK. Row:Cullimore,GrantJ. A.BerkeleyHawks, Larsen,Alma VirgilRean Wipple,B. Bisel,WilsonOman VanDorianGreen,Johnson,GeorgeFredAlbertW. Clawson,Hopkin,

ident. This stake was organized from Victor Waddoups.

part of the St. Joseph Stake. Hill, EighthLehi B. Row:Palmer,CharlesFred VernonMelvin Stechler,Burred, OwinDean Slaugh,J. Colby,StanleyKennedyR. W.Parker,Curtis.Leon B. Jones, Ralph J.

The St. Joseph Stake was reorgan- Ninth Row: Ralph E. Johansen, Wells Alter McAllister, Ben E. Bagley, Robert Henry deWitt,

ized with Jesse A. Udall as president. NorrisReed Bills,L. Bradfield,Ivan Mathy.Everett L. Cooley, Jens Christian Anderson, Gerald William Andrus, Joseph

The Sandy Third Ward, East JorTenth Row: Gorden B. Kunz, Stanley McCullock, Vernal Peterson, Edward Callister Cannon,

dan Stake, was reorganized with VaughnHomer EdwardKent Leavitt,Kunz, AdamOrson Welling,Harris Asay,DerrillRayB. Hansen,Tingey, ArvilIra GilbertWadly, Belnap,Edgar Dunn,J. WyleyGeorgeSessions,Dee Reese,Floyd

Marlin L. Bateman as bishop. G. Higgins, Don Mumford, Duana Linford, Floyd L. Larson.

The Teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith Elderent TimeJamesand H.ProphecyAnderson.by theTheselate

(Compiled by Joseph Fielding Smith, Church Historian, Deseret News chapters represent well the views and

Press, 408 pages. 1938. $2.25.) arguments of Brother Anderson relative

race. to Covenant God's

figIndisputably, the most significant in the voldom. paragraph A single

is indeed an elaboration book The light is ume, giving ure in this dispensation of of time on some question the Prophet Joseph Smith, through doctrine, or some new insight into the of the doctrine that the Lord's promise has been and is being to Abraham Prophet's character, the well life and chose to restore Lord maywhom the fulfilled of the descendants through be times the price of organization, keys,powers, the worth many and ordihistorical tracing of The reader. predict the everlastingnances volume to any of Gospel. a Jacob. By We lost tribes Israel is the of very intersale rise for reality of his divinethe mission and ready welcome Joswarm we

instructive. esting and Saints, Smith's compilationor fall, the the eph Fielding of Latterday as and by

truth of his inspired utterances we teachings or the Prophet. R. L. E. Little emphasis is given to the docare or we are not what we claim God's Covenant Race trine that all who obey the Gospel beto be. It is high time therefore that come of the blood of Israel by adopDeseret H. Anderson, (James

his utterances should compile entitled tion blesssomeone all the to are and Press. pages. 293 $1.75) Newsin accessibility a for convenient form ings promised upon Abraham. The

selection of ten is a volume infor the Church, every and this '"Phis home claim disobedient Ephraimite has no has now been done by the painstaking chapters from the book The Presupon the Priesthood blessings of these

Historian,labor of the Church Joseph latter days.

associates,Fielding for Smith, and his ACADEMY AWARDS author's leaning the toward The service, gratitude are praisewhich and Spencer and Tracy Rainer Louise BritishIsrael must be lookmovementdue. the of were named by Academy

opinion. as personal ed upon accessible readily utterances The Picture Arts Sciences as of Motion and

the Prophet, such as those in the Dochaving given the best motion picture The essence of the volume is the trine of Pearl 1937. and Covenants during and Great performances Miss discussion of the fundamental of views

the for her Rainer awardPrice, work repeated, won not been but from have of understandripened one Church by in for his Earth; Tracy, Good The in unavailable heretofore sourcesmany

full faith intelligent in the in and performance Captains Courageing. A form, manuscripts, fromconvenient

divinity established through of the workjournals, letters, publications conous. and acZola of Emile The Life was pervades of every page Joseph Smith Prophet, with thetemporary has come of the picture the best year. claimed

this great reservoir of truth and wisthe volume.—/. A. W.

CONFERENCE SPECIALS During Conference Week Only, exceptional values in L. D. S. literature, general books and highgrade merchandise are offered at the Deseret Book

Company. The following are a few of the outstanding Conference offers:

"Teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith""Life Story of Brigham Young"

A new book compiled by Joseph Fielding Smith by Gates & Widtsoe

Price $2.25 Regular Price $2.50

to Theology""Key. $1.00 by Parley P. Pratt—Special(new edition)Price Conference Special

"Introduction to the Study of the Book of Mormon""Message and Characters of the Book of Mormon"

Price $3.50 M. Sjodahl—Regular by

$2.00 by John Henry Evans Special ConferenceJ.

"Documentary History of the Church"Regular Price $6.00

by the Prophet Joseph Smith Conference Special $1.47 7 Volumes—Regular Price $15.00 Conference Special—Cash and Carry.$10.00 "Joseph Smith, the Prophet Teacher"

"Comprehensive History of the Church"by B. H. Roberts

by Price.. $1.50 6 Volumes—RegularB. H. Roberts Price.$30.00 Regular

Conference Special—Cash $25.00 Conference Special $.50

Also many other bargains of comparable value. These special prices are for cash and carry only. Add 10% if your

order is to be mailed, and add 2% state Sales tax for purchases in Utah.

DESERET BOOK COMPANY I BE SURE TO COME IN DURING CONFERENCE 44 East South Temple SEE OUR SPECIALS ON RADIOS Salt Lake City, Utah!

-J Patronize "Era"Advertisers. 227

CLIMBING SKY WINDOW IMPRISONED APRIL

By Kathtine Hymas Williams By Grace Zenor Pratt By Josephine Ingram

Earth, loved so you, have is in there bidding use air in April's manyweathered day I I I What shall that think see to bear cannotONE still feet dancing be little My child selfsame with waggishness A no more leaves hazel are spreading When I the stair, to skirt climbed asClung hem my hills, encircling the desert valley blue These hill; mist green the on A distress to bringing and me wide,

the wakening meadow And down it linens. until of stack seemed Hours fallingUpsettingA at eventide, dusky low shadows The upfling buttercups The the met, white smoothly ends heap wereThe tall of the sunset against poplars row A Shining, pennies copper laid; glow,

for the spring? Newminted I feet, swift, scaled on unboundThen my light clustered weland where homes And

hillside,Of polishedhill tread and carven balustrade. I thinkcomeI shouldshow; be lonely, longing too, LaughingThe river downscampersthe by

I familiar to task do. For used some emerald bubbles Tossing

to calling the stars kept prayerTonight me fly splinter as they That I that I think lean should from heaven their blessing, heart, silver butBeneath my captured April I have O above, its stair hatred, the of prisoner missedThe in her Imprisoned song stars strive to whirling the and see Amid that event's heaven. remote wise ThenTo I with springtime dance That may earth's familiar of Something part, face—morlong! long! Year Year tality. basrelief time, the of against plaqueLike

Stood forth: They only who are free can I'd miss the lilacs blooming in the rain,

climb. The autumn winds, the glow of autumn

leaves; I'd miss a song which never reached the sky. LEGEND OF THE DOWNY

... I cannot bear to die! WOODPECKER

WHO HOLDS ETERNAL APRIL I saw white lilies floating in a crystal pool By Florence M. Bennell

far a mountain dawn, away; summit upon At

Hill, night Calvary's dark was on Claire Stewart Boyer By.. I I stood there enraptured can wonder The

the of But white was brow my Master, be left soft, bird a in his eternal nest a breast April wee holds warm When. eternity in exquisite more Aught

disaster. from save its loveliest! To Him at season everyWhoHolds.shall. that I lean Earth, loved so you, I have

trinity, gentle bright of Spring's touchThe the in sky one from Sometimes far window of thorns they heavy placed The crown cordiality, of warmth Summer'sThe... die. earthly to sunset Waiting see an of Master, hard on the brow my Was Fall, of the gold enthusiasmThe

lift the tried bird the to load wee As reaching of over all; peace WinterThe

like that face alabaster. From is the the year, jewel ofFor April

treasures the heart believes most whatThat as His countenance sweet knew, was He dear: the smile of Master, So sweet was my

the of youth, graciousness of years joyThe bird's the kindly Rememb'ring wee

That have learned secretly the worth of The weary hours sped faster. act,

tears, of maturity, glowing wisdomThe wears head Today on his the Downy trust in eternity; the age'sAnd

blood, drops bloodMaster's Those of my of the holds April in his breast gemWho red.

life its loveliest! at foreverHolds

GOAL SPRING RAIN

By Edgar Daniel Kramer By Katherine Fernelius Larsen

valley, of the wearied OH,Sharingto be withback treesin a countrythe intimatelane,rain, I the hill, unto So I climbed skies, to drenching my face stars the shining Lifting were When the rainmists While, from loam warm the night was still. And To sing, in a voice ecstatic, free, rise;

for for the world, the love world's and in the valley My Behind me me! gleam, a candle I saw

in revel spring wet would we How tarry But he cannot

Who would find a dream. The weatherlane, the fields, and my heart together!

From the starstrewn hilltop I saw the shining sea, And I heard the waters VIOLETS

Whispering to me.

By Ardell Cardon I hearkened to the waters And the flying foam; Photo by Lionel Green Violets for me have the remembrance of

I forgot the valley earliest youth—great purple violets

And the lights of home. MARCH WIND with dark sagitate leaves that grew across

our street along the wet edges of a ditch

Then upon a dark night, By Rachel Barney Ta{t bank and about the moist patches of an

When the winds blew shrill, hate the impudence of March! adjoining meadow. Once, in a passion to

I their a possess beauty, them dug up with I wandering, dashes gusty, Weary Her of my full in they yet toy spade while bloom were fling I trudged balloon them too up a hill. That my skirts,flirty

tried in desert to a the garden and make abashes; she quite Until

From the windblown hilltop, She swirls the hats from off men's heads of my sand pile.

Lo, I glimpsed my dream: To send them swiftly chasing; Often I wonder if I am unknowingly digThe valley I had left behind And roars with laughter at us all ging other graves for the beauty that I am

And the candlegleam! While down the street we're racing. selfishly seeking.

diamine Conducted by Marba C. Josephson

I'M GLAD I'M ALIVE By Edith Welch

Give me a bit of life That I may taste This mingled bittersweet of which

You speak!

Let me choose The pieces I would take.

And let me mold And form them with my hands And make of me the person I would be.

'T'he rhyme—"Oh, it's fine to sit

here, and just stick up your feet, and watch all the autos go by in the street''—does not appeal to me.

Because I am young, I want to live.

To me, the world is new. I want to

explore it and try my strength. I

would like to know if I am what I imagine myself to be.

So crowded are my days with happiness that I forget the hurts and disappointments. I'm so busy

being happy and thankful that I do not have time to become cynical.

Depressing thoughts and cares have not lined my face nor have heavy burdens bent my back.

Loving and dreaming are my birthright. Air castles are waiting

to be built. Everything from small

unsteady puppies to far away faintly blue mountains are waiting to be loved.

I live intensely. Little thrills play

up and down my spine at the wonder and beauty of this earth. My

heart is forever skipping beats, taking me to the heights or the GLOBE MILLSdepths.

Part of my education consists in lOS ANGELES,SACRAMENTOSANFRANClSQi"hard times."When things came \ COLTON.SAN DIEGO.OGDEN ||

too easily I was becoming selfish. Millions of Western

Of the value of money I knew little.In the days of prosperity I made a Women have learned

I of assertionvain things would do, in realize toif necessary, order my GLOBE "AT'PRODUCTS MAKE "Al"COOKS ambition. Fate took me at my word.

If to no one else, I must prove to myself that I am as good as my word.

Oh, I'm young. Some people may

pity me because I have battles to fight. I would not trade those victories or defeats, sorrows or joys,

for all of their wisdom and experience.

When I feel the cool winds sweepIf you're not using GLOBE "Al"Pancake and Waffle Flour... Bucking the tiredness from me; see the wheat Pancake Flour... Complete Biscuit Flour... Special Cake Flour

bright lights and the happiness;... Salad and Cooking Oil... and Globe "Al"Macaroni, Spaghetti and

taste a little of the bittersweet of Noodles... you're missing something... The name GLOBE "Al"on any

life, I am full of the joy of living product is a guarantee of outstanding flavor, quality, and value.

and thank God that He let me come to this earth. y6o..''Li. BE-'.-. '''"Mad9. '-'. -,'-i-v."- r—;:-.-YOU'.-L:.*. '<. BOUGHT GLOBE

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1938

CAPACITY

The capacity of these banks to serve the legitimate needs of all customers and to advance their interests are important considerations in selecting your banking connection.

Wlau. Cx/jl S&wjl you?

FIRST SECURITY BANK OF UTAH

National Association Branches at Ogden, Logan, Provo, Bingham, Magna,

Park City, Richmond

FIRST NATIONAL BANK

SALT LAKE CITY Branches at Sugarhouse and Tooele

FIRST SECURITY TRUST COMPANY

SALT LAKE CITY

FIRST SECURITY BANK OF IDAHO

Branches at Boise, Blackfoot, Emmett, Gooding, Hailey, Idaho Falls,

Jerome, Montpelier, Mountain Home, Nampa, Payette, Pocatello,

Preston, Shoshone

FIRST SECURITY BANK

ROCK SPRINGS, WYOMING

Members of FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION

The Advertisers Who Support Your Magazine Merit Your Patronage.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1938

A Genuine Pipe Organ FOR The Price of a Substitute Large variety of installations in Salt Lake City.

Special demonstrations every day during April Conference.

For Information and Appointments

Call Hyland 7648 or Write B. F. PULHAM

165 Edith Ave. Salt Lake City

ZION EASTER PAGEANT SCHEDULED AGAIN L A* is Cooperating Fourth Annual Sunset Rendition to be Given Sunday, April 17th In National Recreation Institute—

By Fae Decker Dix institute only the National which The Recreation Association will in hold the West early to comesCpring Zion Canyon this will the University be at Church summer 13 from June 22 to July with the Mutual *"* Associations in the cooperating agencies. as DixieImprovement heart of Utah's Arts crafts, down and activities, nature

land. You have only to lift your eyes and music will be taught by three national experts: Frank A. Staples, Reynolds E.

to the high, strong walls of the canyon Carlson, Augustus D. Zcmzig. Standard College credit. The institute will be part of

to see how the "mountains shout for joy.""valalmost the hear can You B. Y. U. Summer Quarter

"hillsleys in sing"rejoice"the the and resurrection year. of another June 13—July 22; July 25—August 26 fitting that the EasterSo, it is most

tide should be commemorated in this National and international authorities added to regular staff.

setting.harmonious it is most And, Conference Second on Elementary Education, June 2024. Dr. William H. Kilgratifying that the three Latterday patrick will participate. of Columbia

stakesSaint St. (Parowan, George, Writers'Roundup, July 18 and 19. Prominent writers and editors will speak. that located in Park)and region Zion

should cooperate with National Park For catalog, address Dean, Summer Session officials in presenting annually the beautiful Easter sunset pageant in Zion NaBRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITYtional Park. truly does the atmosSo PROVO, UTAH

itselfphere lend of Zion to the Park reverence of Easter that immediately upon entrance one is impressed with its sanctity. It is almost as if one's

voice should be a little softer.

While most Easter services are held at sunrise, this one remains unique in being given at the sunset hour. For

sunset in Zion Canyon is more conducive to a worshipful attitude than any other hour of the day. Often in thiswestern country the dawn is accomme jm!? ARDEN

panied by a crisp breeze, a bustlingand stirring as Nature begins her day. REDCAPBut, at sunset the breeze has lulled; NEW GRAND

there is sudden peace. And, on Easter M. H. THOMPSON

Sunday, just before the twilight, out of Managerthis peace shall rise the voice of chorHotel

Priced Popular City's Medium Salt Lakeuses singing, There "Were You When and at 4th South Hotel, Located Main MILK Crucified This, to Lord?"They My

herald the pageantry about to be proFiner Flavor and Extra duced. And, then, as the triumphal

entry into Jerusalem opens the play, This pageant, to be held for the Quality

Faure's immortal "Palm Branches"will fourth time in Zion National Park on reverberate through the towering canEaster Sunday, April 17, 1938, is rapyon walls. From this moment until the idly gaining the attention of many peomighty "Hallelujah Chorus"rings out ple from many regions, and has all that Phone—Was. 986 1030 So. Main

to proclaim that Christ has risen from such a production needs to make it a Visit the New Modern Arden Dairy

His tomb, the mountains and the hearts haven for those who seek to worship of assembled Christians will in very on the anniversary of our Lord's glorideed be shouting for joy. ous resurrection.

CONDUCTED BY THE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH, CHAIRMAN; MELVIN J. BALLARD, JOHN A. WIDTSOE, AND JOSEPH F. MERRILL

ANTIALCOHOL AND In the Franklin Stake of Zion the

TOBACCO CAMPAIGN SPECIAL MEETING AT APRIL Priesthood meets Monday evening; the

in separate also, but then sisters meet FOR CONFERENCE rooms. and Both men women STAKE A General Priesthood Project: As MELCHIZEDEK** was indicated in the letter of the COMMITTEES the Priesthood course of study. studyAfter

to the CouncilFirst Presidency the over, meeting is the men quorum First of the the approval of With published 105, Febpage onTwelve, those and who and women reassemble, all of Presidency a meeting ruary number of The Improvement Era, Stake Melchizedek Priesthood Comcare to do so remain for a thirtyfive the Twelve were authorized to ormittees is hereby called to meet in minute period of instruction in geneganize a campaign throughout the the Assembly Hall, Tuesday, April alogy.

Church for the nonuse of alcoholic 5, at 10 a. m. To this meeting all It is commonly reported that the new

beverages and tobacco, the same to be quorum officers will also be welcome. quorum movement is improving the

a project of all Priesthood quorums, The Council of the Twelve spiritual condition generally of the

Melchizedek and Aaronic. The PreBy Rudger Clawson, members of the Priesthood.

siding Bishopric heartily concurred in President.

making the nonuse of these things a BISHOP'S UNIFORM RECEIPT project of all quorums of the Aaronic BOOK FOR WORK AND CASH

Priesthood. Further, authorization the cooperation of the stake auxiliary CONTRIBUTIONS

was given to call upon the auxiliaries organization boards, asking each of of the Church for help. them to name one of its members for rpHE new receipt book in the possesAccordingly all stake Melchizedek the committee. Ward committees * sion of the bishoo, is so arranged

Priesthood committees and bishoprics should work in harmony with the stake that all the work and contributions have been asked to plan and carry forcommittee and under the immediate made by members of the Church may ward without letup the campaign insupervision of the bishopric. This be entered. In that way, every Church

dicated above. Many, if not all, of plan of organization assumes that the member may receive proper credit for

them have taken steps to this end. Priesthood quorums in the stake and whatever contributions in labor or in

General Committee. We are pleased wards, assisted by the auxiliary organiactual cash are made toward the Securto announce a further development. zations, shall be in charge of the liquority Program.

Under the auspices of the General Autobacco project, the details of the work after a beingthorities comthere looked has been formed by committees PROJECTS AND havQUORUM this in specific things represent to do. nine to them ingthesemittee of SOCIAL OPPORTUNITIES

Churchwide move. This general comThese committees will not relieve the

mittee is made up of one representative Priesthood quorums of their liquorTt is hoped that all quorums of the from each of the following bodies: tobacco projects but will cooperate * Melchizedek Priesthood of the

The Council of Twelve, First Counwith them. It is believed this brief outChurch are now organizing cooperative

cil of Seventy, Presiding Bishopric, line of how the committees should be quorum work for the coming season.

Church Board of Education, and the organized and function is sufficiently These projects may be of an agriculGeneral Boards of the Relief Society, full. Other information relative to these tural, mechanical, or industrial nature.

Sunday Schools, Young Men's and matters may be found from month to It does not matter, so long as they have

Young Women's Mutual Improvement month in this column of the Era, or in mind the production of something

Associations, and the Primary. This may be obtained by addressing letters for the benefit of their fellows through

committee is at work on plans to give to the committee at the Church Office personal labor. Quorum projects

all feasible help to the stakes and Building, Salt Lake City. would be more successful if those in

contemplate plans a camwards. The

shall reachpaign that every home and PROGRAMS FOR THE. occasionalcharge of thesocialquorumaffairs wouldto accompanyprovide in MONTHLY living of the Churchevery member QUORUM the project work. MEETINGS It is to have hoped the wards.any of It would be well to bring the women

it for was generally readythe plan also. into of service projects the

the Era. of a Priestpublication in the W7Ev * understoodbelieved thatthat number where sistersMay Usually, the take great delight

Of course, all will agree that the prohood quorum covers two or more in being connected with such quorum ject upon which we are entering cannot wards, and therefore does not meet enterprises. If they can serve in no

be completed in one season or in one each week as a quorum, a quorum meetother way, they might carry on the year. Hence we should organize, having should be held each month at a social affairs that are needed from time

ing in view the magnitude of the job time approved by the stake presidency. to time to enliven the call of duty.

to be done and with some idea of how To this meeting should come the long it will take to do it, and make groups of the quorum from the wards RESPONSIBILITY OF QUORUM preparations accordingly. covered by the quorum. MEMBERS FOR PROJECTS

Stake and Ward Committees. In Now the question has been asked

order that the general, stake, and ward whether we have provided a program '"Phe quorums should remember that authorities may all work in harmony in for these monthly meetings. To this the labor involved in the projects

this matter, we recommend that in question the answer is "yes". See The decided upon by the members and the

each stake and ward a committee be Improvement Era, December, 1937, p. effort to carry these projects to a sucappointed after the pattern of the 769, first column. cessful completion do not devolve priSalt inGeneral Lake City. Committee

stake question each Without comSTATUS OF WEEKDAY butmarilymustuponbe sharedthe quorumby all thepresidency,membersmittee should operate in harmony with QUORUM MEETINGS of the quorum, all of whom should join the Church General Committee and Tn a number of stakes, weekday evein carrying on the work. Only then

under the immediate supervision of the A nings are now being used for quorum will the true spirit of brotherhood, stake Melchizedek Priesthood commeetings. This is perfectly proper, if which should characterize Priesthood

mittee, which, in turn, should secure those interested so desire. quorums, develop among the members.

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1938

ONE RECOMMENDED RURAL MONTHLY REPORT OF THE L. D. S. STAKE MISSIONS

PROJECT FOR PARENTS Made by The First Council of the Seventy to The Council of the Twelve Apostles

AND CHILDREN Foe the Month of January, 1938

A very profitable project for quorums Missionary Activities

January"as well as for parents in farming January1938 districts is to give the boys a start, by- 1. Evenings or part days spent in missionary work 8,908 19373,669

23,779 8,636 in missionary Hours spent workallotting for calf them, example, a or 2.3. 19,298 calls 6,430 of made Number

for helpinga few sheep, care and them 4. 8,782 of first in invitations 2,898 - Number

- 5. revisits of 5,551 1,814 Number livestock,the so that they accumumay

of 7,300 conversations Gospel Number resultlate of their 6. something as a 7. of standard Books of Mormon 19,321 Number Church works distributed (does not include

labors. reported under Item No. 10) 528 237

8. Number of other books distributed 580 147

9. Number of tracts and pamphlets distributed 9,678 7,034

10. Copies of Book of Mormon actually sold 432 60

MELCHIZEDEK LESSON OUTLINES 11.12. NumberNumber ofof cottagehall meetingsmeetingsheldheldby bymissionariesmissionaries 1.022322 272157

(For Latter Part of April and All of May) 13.14. NumberNumber ofof investigatorsmissionaries whopresentattendedat cottagecottageandandhallhallmeetingsmeetings 3,5773,375 1,3421,197

of 126 of 55 baptisms missionary as a result Number work Text: The Word Wisdom—A Modern 15.16. inactive of of Number into activity through stake missionary Church brought members Interpretation. John A. Widtsoe Byof 119 service during 693 the month and Widtsoe. Leah D.

Additional Information LESSON XI NumberNumber ofof stakestakesmissionsin the organizedChurch 121117 112118

DrinksHot (First Part of Chapter 7) Missionaries Actively Engaged reporting. stakes 104 of 63 Number the of I. Meaning Term.

districts 384 234 of Number 1. Definition brother Prophet by and his Hyrum.

195 Elders 278 2. to Refers not temperature inbut to drugs

creasing heart action. Seventies 1,275 704

3. Includes all stimulating beverages. High Priests 296 130

4. Excessively hot or iced drinks injurious also. Women 290 171

5. Scientific confirmation.

II. History of Tea and Coffee Consumption. Total 2.139 1,200

1. Use by ancient peoples.

2. Introduction into Europe and America. Items of Special Interest

3. Leaders of the past on record against its use.

III. Interviews were held in the office of the First Council with 31 stake presidents and stake mission Financial Aspects.

2. 1. PerConsumptioncapita cost,in U.totalS. cost. presidentsVisits duringin connectionthe monthwith ofstakeJanuary.missionary work were made by members of the First Council to eighteen

3. World consumption. stakes during the month of January.

4. Unfortunately increasing.

IV. Composition of Harmful Beverages.

2. 1. OtherDiscoveryharmfuland ingredients.description of caffein. lift"or are "delightfully refreshing"or 1. Definition.

tired feeling."that "banish 3. analogy Chemical these alkaloids between

caffeine in rich 3. containing of drinks refrain from things forbidden is not and 4. Injurywhich 2. ToImportance. urea, a waste product of animal body.

enough. syrups. 4. Formation of purin derivatives.

V. Physiological Effects. 5. Drinks or foods containing theophylline. 4. Abstention from smoking, drinking, alcohol,

1. Definite action of drugs. III. Curing the Caffeine Habit. or using tea or coffee is not a full guarantee

1. health. of advised. of prevention""ounce The 2. Stimulation depression. and

is 2. 5. health. purchase nourished completely should well good body money and Food 3. Nervewhips A harmful. always

all cravunnatural against of the the defense II. Science Confirms best Wisdom. Word 4. Class with other habitforming drugs.

1. ings. science, in Nutrition, as not the a born 5. tannin of Action the on body.

to quit. 3. Prophet's determination day. Firm 6. Effect the brain on mind. and

healthful truth substitutes, of drinks. 2. step Step concerning man's Use new by 7. of Response the heart circulation and

Scientific DrugContaining nutrition of IV. 4. discovered. Opinion Regarding has been blood.

Drinks. 3. respect every In harknowledge new 8. Respiration digestion and also affected.

unacquainted probably Prophet Joseph of with monizes the 1. The Wisdom. Irritation 9. thisWord of kidneys.

literature. scientific this with 4. of fads.""food Beware VI. the Drinks Hot and Race.

inspiration. 2. his unquestioned is of III. Proof Necessary. Proof!. Decidedly weakening.

all inclusive drugdrink"of dietetic truth investigation. "hot from comes Term 2. New for Harmful expectant nursing mothers. 3. and

2. inspired guide always coincides with 1. The 3. Especially for harmful children.

4. contribution. truth. Dr. E. Dixon's beverages.W. 4. life use Their and expectancy.

is 5. rested built healthup 3. at and by body for claims times The false make may Men

giving drink not food and drugged injurious. to conby things be knownQuestions. Problems, Projects.

coctions. all 4. things; fast to truth. Prove hold 1. define would you the term How "hot drinks?"

Welfare. Seeming V. Functions of Human IV. Food. 2. the Review chapter on in "Hot Drinks"Dr.

1 is claim of 1. drugs provided Users by work for tissue growth. Build newOaks'book Medical of "The the Aspects of Word their use. cells. 2. Repair wornoutWisdom."

2. value. Health welfare and has no life money processes. 3. for energy Give 3. the Explain drugs in tea found coffee and and

3. crops are healthOther be grown which may 4. Maintain temperature. bodyexplain they are why harmful.

giving noninjurious. but of Constituents. Groups V. Food 4. Describe definitely the effects of caffein, tannin,

4. Chemurgy. 1. foods). Proteins (building otherand harmful substances circulation, on respira-

2. (starches, for Carbohydrates sugars energy).tion, digestion and of beings. the are human How Problems, Projects. Questions, fats 3. (also or Hydrocarbons, foods). energykidneys affected? is 1. of the opinion of drinking custom your What salts 4. Mineral regulators (body for blood, 5. estimate Give some of the state the what and chocolate or cocoa? children? Especially by nerves glands.) andnation might accomplish the with spent money now 2. all to the does respond body drugHow 5. (for health Vitamins maingrowth andfor these substances which of weaken instead man containing drinks? tenance).increasing his powers. is 3. best the to of the use prevent What way 6. (for distribution food other imWater and 6. Explain the term "hot why drinks"not does harmful or beverages? foods portant functions).refer to alone temperature; also but really some why 4. best to taught that one understand be may How all to the to VI. of leads Obedience Wisdom Wordhot iced or drinks injurious. are a "lifts drink will "let you which up"always you Health Happiness. and is 7. the affected mind How drugcontaining by that effects afterward the are down"harmful and

drinks? cumulative? Problems, Questions, Projects. 8. are drinks,""hot socalled, inespecially Why 5. said of of be Dixon's study Dr. What may

jurious to children? 1. the expectant or case nursing would explain you the of To brother mothers. How caffeine beverages?

their use may liquor, never be tasted tobacco, coffee, in prevented,How had tea who the or home? 6. that claims you one answer would who How

socialAt gatherings? of was parents,"useful, lived goodly "born a and the cultivation of these substances gives to work

life, liver cirrhosis died noble at of yet the of 45 thousands of should therefore people disnot and be

XII afflicts a disease nearly drunkards?LESSON which always turbed?

it is 2. to but refrain important not enough Why is 7. the to Drinks the answer contention thatHot What

the of "dont's"of from the Wisdom? Word(Latter in since millions of the people Part of world these Chapter use 7)

3. the in can blessings Doctrine enumerated When substances, cannot they very be harmful? I. Chocolate Cocoa. and fully 18:21 Covenants claimed? and be 8. attitude must that your (or be of What young 1. use Their distribution. and if 4. scientist think a would reputable you What find generally) people yourself you the when only 2. Composition food value and also (see bottom that claimed drinking moderation"smoking and "in to social refuse one a group drinks? harmful p. of text). 90

is not harmful? if to youth taught be alone, necessary, stand ofmay How 3. aspects. Economic is right 5. for health? necessary food Explain for Why the right? Effects 4. of theobromine on nerves and of food? the functions

kidneys. is 6. the Sextette? meant EnumerFood by What XIII 5. of Control LESSON the habit. chocolate of in ate explain part the of each food and group

II. Other Stimulating Beverages. maintenance. body Constituents Food 1. Distribution caffeine of in plants. other it to diet"? 7. have "balanced a does (Chapter mean 8) What 2. Other drugcontaining drinks.

3. Implication of all drinks which "give one a I. Positive Instructions of the Word of Wisdom. (Concluded on page 234)

. )

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1938

thirteen.""Basic (Concluded

of from page 234) 2.1. TheImportance each; one may not be substiThe Protestors of XIVLESSON tuted for another.

"Out of the Ground"3. The work of Drs. Greaves & Greaves.

(First Part of Chapter Functions. of Minerals in Body 9) V. Use

I. Life's Physical Cycle. mineral: the outstanding a biological Christendom 1. Calcium

thou art."1. "Dust necessity.

2. Plants "eat"function of calcium in nutrition. (Continued from page 219) the soil; animals eat plants. 2. The

3. How sunshine is necessary for plant growth. 3. Need of phosphorus, iron and copper.

bodily 4. Man's health connected through plants 4. Importance of iodine and its relation to pOR Cyprian, the baptism performwith soil composition. mentality.

of II. Composition beBody. minerals Human 5. Other needed in minute amounts. ed by heretics is no baptism

crust. elements same as earth's the cause Church alone may confer the of of composition Projects. the earth Questions, Problems, 2.1 AContainscomparison

and body. the human

elements found 3. The in the human body. "Dust1. Explainthou art."the significance of the Biblical phrase the Holy Ghost. Moreover how

III. Importance of Soil Composition. 2. What is the modern interpretation of Genesis may one who has not the Holy Ghost

1. plant's Conditions strength. 8, 2:7,

2. Minerals must 3. be available to plants for In 9.what sense may one say that without the confer it on others? And how may

growth. this could planet? be sun no life on of a the Church be member made

3. Soils 4. minerals indispensable constant cropping. for one become that the are exhausted by thereName

belief of the the share does 4. soil fertilization not Proper life. necessary. the functions of those best Explain human who

5. Man's body is dependent upon elements in known.

plant food. 5. How are the mineral essentials of food obtained. Church. A first council of Carthage

6. Health fertilization soil important. so of ultimately depends upon soil comof council 6. Why a second (255) and

position. in your spent iswasthe much How Cyprian, voted with for Carthage Minerals. IV. Necessary fertilizers last (256) year? localityWhy? byWasfarmersit sufficient?

-* but the only passage that has been

It is not common that the voice of the preserved of a letter of Stephen,

Thoughts on Social Mespeople desireth anything contrary to that bishop of Rome, states, "If any one

of the lesser part people to desire that which you must do nothing contrary to thesage of Book of Mormon iswhich is right; but it is common for the comes to you from a heretical sect, right. not 29:26.) (Mosiah

(Continued from page 223) tradition in force, you must be conduring their history that the way out ATosiah puts great trust in the peotented with the laying1 of hands on of depression is a renewed interest ple. From the verse just him for penitence."The view that

in spiritual things. quoted it seems that according to him heretical baptism was no baptism

The theme needs no elaboration. the people should decide upon measwas also shared by the Donatists.

It is well summed up by one modern ures and policies. They should not Most of the different groups claimed

authority on business cycles: merely elect men who will make the to be the catholic (universal) and

church. true They were stampis- only for choice the them. Knowing fluctuations causes these But what force. 47 ed out by proposals, conin sues and Mosiah isbusiness Statistics and prices? show that

crises in fident spiritual that are caused except the people, rather causes, by the If Tertullian Cyprian, and financial, isthan result prosperity the and will great of periods wickedness, others, right and Donatists were andof righteousness rather of than material correct choice. But, the as make a ifthings. unbelievers spiritual performed baptism forces are true the by These

48 is conversant the realwith man whofundamentals prosperity of (Roger Babis W. baptism; and nonmembers no

son, Fundamentals of Prosperity, p. 75.) ities of human life, he reckons with if baptism by sprinkling is no bapmajority possibility the that the even if infants tism; of baptism and who Instances might be multiplied desire unrighteousness. Theremay for responsibility can assume no the ofwhere Book upon Mormon, fore for one no themselves and whom study,thoughtful yields a definite if the that of the time voice comes the else, neither godfather nor godsocial political or us, is the then iniquity, message. Let people doth choose

however, consider but one more time that the judgments of God will come mother, can assume any responsirevelation, is bility then baptism; yea, then is the time you, no he will visit upon it is instructiveproblem which

29: destruction. with great (Mosiah to you private, cease public soon would andcontemplate of in view present much 27.) validly because, bapone being no it.agitation about is, the quesThat

tion of the relative merits of the Let us, however, not overlook the tized, no one would be in possession different forms of government. fact that Mosiah's democratic conof the Holy Ghost, the Spirit of

gifts is the stitution Revelation Revelation. the and with a compromise not does Book The of Mormon

altothe Spirit political of cease did soon of corruption Accordman. inflexible briefhold for an form any

it is apostasy the gether. rule far because ideal the to his ing view Wasof its government. pages From

spite of In his was complete? from democratic. political thoughts of a naturemany ( Continued on page 244 chapagainst kings ( Mosiah, is tirade gleaned. of thesemay be One

finds to be a monarchy 29) hethat a inter democracy, even though 360. 48Cited p. chcetiennes, Mourret, Les Ocigines by desirable effective form and the mostitiated article vol. of VIII, by Encyclopedia, Catholic God, need *7The a holy man

difficulty first ecclesiastical of the of government. with ideas "Inquisition": "The Thenot necessarily embody Montesfive as follows: centuries summarized be may (1) it is principally of personnel. one for blood; cause and the shed should no church (2)quieu's doctrine of the separation of

for heresy, that death majority penalty the the held the propoproceeds from Mosiahpowers. fact Mosiah's irreconcilable criminal, Of that with not civilly was when

of sition "the that judgments spirit the of Christianity."Godconstitution for the Nephites and

... first that asserts for time the of 407 law "A just, are judgments but the always to (the heretics put Donatists) on ought these bethe entire of book witbear Alma

the ( transgressors sacred against plane the as same just."of always are not men Moness. lessons are Such gathered to reof concept which the emperor, majesty was a

If, therefore, there siah 29:12.) later role."in times very a served momentous inonly passing hisas read the we right the "not Pius (17751799) claimed the VI just be could would always men who persuasion, but direct to and counsel merely thistory of by dispersed the of branch

to to coerce laws, and comfurther and by command establish kings would and be who Israel. ofHouse theory external the delinquent and pel contumacious A definite by and of the law God, penalties."salutaryof government, however, is encounformulated of as view point by Catholic 4SThe if this case, the could then always be Battifol, Catholicisme in summarizedtered it Augustine Lc and by glorious the chapter 29 of that should expedient be always ye would is the doubt 159:"Without Augustine, Saint p. dethe of book Mosiah. a from Apart illicitly, baptize they have sinner heretic the and rule to over 29: kings (Mosiah you. have

skeleton constitution for the Ne13.) notthe ritesthe rightof Christto baptize,and oftheythe usurpChurch.the Howeverformulas andthe

to be are venerable sacraments (sacramenta) andphites it embodies some general efficient lead- a king, such Under in their less hands. unworthy the nonephilosophy of government, it that (valid) to not is enough comership be For the sacrament the recognized be thwarted would by

mencing with this significant apolinherent limitations of the demothewhatformulameaningbe thepronouncedminister givesliterally,to theit mattersterms thatnot ogy for democracy: (Concluded on page 236) compose it."

iiuiiiii iwi iffiii"M 'iMMa miwmmm mmm—CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC—EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

APRIL CONFERENCE hood throughout the Church shall be ities being carried on by the Aaronic

PRIESTHOOD MEETINGS reached in this campaign. Priesthood throughout the Church.

This is an additional reason why this

Special meetings for Aaronic PriestMORE GENERAL USE OF report plan should be adopted and folhood leaders during the April ConLESSON GUIDES URGED lowed systematically and regularly by ference have been planned by the PrefVRDERS received in the office of the every stake and ward in the Church.

April 4. Bishopric for Monday, siding Bishopric for quorum Presiding Leadership Priesthood AaronicThe guides, indicate that RESTORATION ANNIVERSARY manuals and lesson

problems current at whichConference seof not large wards have number a PLANS COMPLETION URGED will discussion for open presentedare for members. quorum manuals cured of celebration for the Preparation a. at m. 8 in Hall Barratt The heldbe stressed fact It is that the be desired * resthe of anniversary the 109th mission stake of and conventionregular sufficient is for the it quorum that not Priesthood the toration of Aaronic bishCouncilmen,presidencies, High that but the manual, to instructor have

all at stakes an completed should be by supervisors Priesthoodoprics, Aaronic a should have every quorum member give to are stakes date. early Where Priestin Aaronic interested othersand class for his only not of own, manual all general programs to leadership in the will held supervision behood for particularly purposes, but more early. informed should be wards the same at m. 4:15 p. HallAssembly study. home desire stakes or more two Where of the features Importantday. new in these training manprovided The if is join, permissible deto which the are of year for balance theprogram progress is to indispensable proper uals well sired, should plans completed be presented.to be It is that desired in Priesthood. the

details of sugin advance. Complete for appointed secretary be a manual QUOthe pilgrimage for PRIESTHOOD both gested programsAARONIC individual will secure each quorum who IN 14, THE and for PROJECTS Saturday, suggested MayRUM report the and members orders from CAMPAIGN service Sunday, the onCHURCHWIDE Sacrament May supervisor. class to the them

is anniversary actual the LIQUOR AND 15,AGAINST which the contain, only not manuals The all in printed date, manuals areCIGARETTES quorum inalso complete lesson but work, this as appear for year. programs The for the information anniversary structions 105th the and with"Deginning

five. lesson*-* quoPriesthood operation Aaronic of in Seccontained revelation the of

rums. The price Covenants, and Doctrinetion of the 89

Teachers, and Smith, Priests, the to Prophet Josephgiven of Deacons—iseach manual10c. PRIESTHOOD NOTES

February 27, 1833, at Kirtland, Ohio, All orders should be sent to the Pre- r os Angeles stake, with 22 quorums every quorum of the Aaronic Priestsiding Bishop's Office, 40 North Main qualifying for the Standard Quohood is asked to conduct a campaign Street, Salt Lake City. The titles of rum Award, highest number for any

among its members to have them obthe manuals for 1937 are: Priests, one stake to date, presented the awards

serve the Word of Wisdom in every Priesthood Studies; Teachers, Priestat the Priesthood session of the stake

way. Because liquor and cigarette adhood, Religion and Success; Deacons, conference. Elder Melvin J. Ballard

vertising is so general, and the temptaDeacon's Responsibilities. of the Council of the Twelve Apostles

greatare in thesetions two respects given will beest, special emphasis to AARONIC PRIESTHOOD L.madeHunsaker,the presentations.stake chairman,Elderin reportFaunthese two items in accord with the MONTHLY STAKE AND ing the meeting makes the followingChurchwide campaign now being carWARD RECORDS comment

spedirection of theried under the on HPhe Aaronic a very outstanding the ofcial of the the quorum committee during which A andreportswardsbeingfor recordingsent to theAaronicstakes PriesthoodWe had Conference,

Twelve, through the Melchizedek Priesthood activities have been pro22 awards were presented to the presidents

Priesthood quorums, and the auxiliary vided at considerable expense. After of the various qualifying quorums.

nothat this meeting attendance was Theassociations. deliberation it has thought and much total the of less than marvelous. ing 72%

felt report is indispens- a that such It is being suggested to all Aaronic been the stake of enrollment Priesthood Aaronic

Priesthood Quorum Supervisors that able to the success and progress of were in attendance. There were five (5)

on the first Sunday available, definite Aaronic Priesthood quorums in the wards who had 100% of their enrollment attention be given to this campaign. stakes and wards. present.

It is further being urged upon every Unfortunately in some stakes and The Standard Quorum Award is becomsupervisor that he interest himself in wards the responsibility for keeping ing a great factor in obtaining a better greatest activity. of quorum Our to standard submitting records proper them and individual welfare of everythe member

is supervisors usual, difficulty, get to as authorities established apparhas is rethe for heof the which quorum the are sold program, and can be on who fully realized. ently not Therebeen in possible everysponsible, and way in the boys. enthusiastic it over with putting

encourage observance of the Lord's fore, a special request is being made We are confident that our problem is notlaw of health. that every stake and ward adopt this the boy—but the leadership for him.

Particular stress is also being urged report plan and follow it carefully Our best results are obtained where the by the Presiding Bishopric in the matthroughout the year. Special responsiward Aaronic Priesthood correlation comter of the Word of Wisdom feature of bility for the inauguration and supermittee is active.

the Standard Quorum Award. It is vision of this plan rests with stake

urged that a check be made each month chairmen and members of the Stake Standard Quorum Awards made this during the year, with each individual Aaronic Priesthood Committee. It is year already exceed the total for the

member, in order that this requirement desired that in each case the stake comentire previous year.

of the Standard Quorum Award Plan mittee make clear to the ward supermay be met each month by every memvisors, and particularly ward chairmen, Salt Lake stake recently conducted ber of the quorum. The preparation the importance of this work, and urge an Adult Aaronic Priesthood entertainand distribution of special literature is their wholehearted cooperation. ment to raise funds for carrying on this

also being considered, in the hope that There is frequent evidence that our work. Under a special arrangement

every member of the Aaronic Priestrecords do not fully reflect the activthe 16th ward M. I. A. presented a play

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1938

in two wards. The proceeds are to be

used to finance the Security Plan project of the adult group. At least five

acres are to be planted to sugar beets.

An effective and wellordered plan for interesting all adult members of the

Aaronic Priesthood is now under way in Long Beach stake. Under the direction of Verne S. Handy a systematic

campaign is being carried on in each of the wards in a very intensive manner.

Wards are being divided into districts with special committeemen assigned to each. The slogan "Every

Adult Can and Must Be Reached"is being put into practical effect.

East Jordan stake publishes a monthly bulletin after that patterned issued

FOURTH OF by ABOVE: AARONIC PRIESTHOOD Bishopric. percentthe Presiding The OUTAN STAKE, WARD, PIONEER WHO HAVE

of attendance in each activity is shown STANDING RECORD IN FAST OFFERING COLwith the rating of each ward. LECTIONS.

RIGHT: DEACONS OF MESA THIRD WARD,

Frequent bulletins, special reports, GAGEDMARICOPAIN ASTAKE,QUORUMIN PROJECT.WORKING CLOTHES ENand survey forms and close supervision

on the part of the stake committee are responsible for splendid activity among the Aaronic Priesthood of Grant stake.

regularBoth the quorum groups and THE WORD OF WISDOM REVIEWadults are making good progress.

A Monthly Presentation of Pertinent Information Regarding the

CORRELATION ACTIVITY Lord's Law of Health

SCHEDULES BEING ADOPTED "Deports from several stakes indicate Quorum Supervisors are urged to Temperance Union and the American that the suggested correlation commake opportunity to discuss with Business Men's Research Bureau have mittee activity schedule, sample of members at frequent intervals, at least termed the present recession a "whisto attention calling depression,"key of of the phase monthly, some Word published of in the minuteswhich was traffic has cost fact that the liquor the in printed this deMatter Wisdom. lastthe Aaronic Priesthood convention, is being adopted and put into efpartment is intended for that purpose. the public $20,000,000,000 since 1933.

fect. This schedule includes all acThese groups are asking Congress to

tivities of young men 12 to 20 and is During the drive for repeal of the provide $50,000,000 to carry on a to be prepared well in advance, preEighteenth Amendment it was urged campaign against the use of alcohol ferably once a year, by the Priesthood, that repeal would bring prosperity and as a beverage.

thing has end the depression. No such officers. I. A., School Sunday andM.

peoThe Keeley Institute of Chicago, a many To the contraryIts use stakes is urged happened. wards and by all

as a means of providing a balanced and ple are convinced that the excessive liquorcure institution, announces that coordinated program. use of liquor has been an important the number of persons now taking the

factor in bringing about present busiliquor cure is the highest in 30 years.

PIONEER FOURTH WARD ness conditions. President Grant has The number of women taking the cure

PRIESTHOOD ACTIVE urged frequently, that if the money increased 33% last year over the year "M[oteworthy activity in Aaronic spent for liquor and tobacco could be before.

* Priesthood activity is reported given to the poor there would be no from the Fourth Ward of Pioneer relief problem and business generally Several recent murders in Utah and stake. The program recommended by would be helped. surrounding states have been traced

the Presiding Bishopric is being folto liquor causes. Crime, criminals, and

lowed and a large percent of the availMembers of the Women's Christian liquor frequently are associated.

able boys of the ward are active. Outstanding among the accomplishments ( Mosiah 2:13.) Such a king would

of the the on Social service Thoughts Meshas been Deacons the with his hands to ease own work in the assistingduring past the year at the citizens. of And tax burden the sage of Book reach to goal per of of Mormon $1.00ward

capita in Fast Offerings. (Concluded from page 234) thesiderendtheofhourshis daysspenthein wouldthe serviceconMESA THIRD WARD DEACONS cratic process. Neither murder nor of his people as spent in the service

HAVE NOVEL PROJECT plundering nor stealing nor adultery of his God. (Mosiah 2:16.)

"T\eacons of the Mesa Third Ward in nor any manner of wickedness This is a glimpse of the social

Maricopa Stake adopted a novel would be tolerated, for the king himphilosophy of the Book of Mormon.

inproject the to followed program spiritual divinity of the teacher self the believer in the the be would Toearn the Standard Award. Quorum

it of his people. a voice of with book, at once speak be would must He rocks picked rubbish up boys andThe soPriest. bewildering peoauthority king His High and a on manyfor several along miles streets the of a

Mesa within the ward boundaries. ple would be free, for he would not cial problems of the day. But even

The Deacons were given the Presiding "suffer"that "they should be conto the skeptic it should be a signifiBishop's award for the second confined in dungeons"nor that they cant, though hitherto neglected, consecutive year, "should make slaves one of another."tribution to American social thought.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1938 -u—ii- - n iiWARD TEACHER'S MESSAGE, MAY, 1938 THE CENTENNIAL OBSERVANCE OF THE FIRST HEADQUARTERS

REVELATION ON TITHING IN THIS DISPENSATION

L. D. S. (\n July 8, 1838, at Far West, Missouri, President Joseph Smith inquired FOR ALL

- "O Lord, show unto thy servants how much thou requirest of the properties of the people for a tithing."In answer to this supplication the

first revelation on the subject of tithing in this dispensation was given. It

and Covenants. of the Doctrine in Section 119 is contained

copies of the following MUSICWrite for sample of this important law of the revelation anniversary The onehundredth new publications should be a time of rejoicing and serious reflection by all Latterday Saints. Condensed version of the popular light

opera The Church and its members—the hundreds of thousands who have been

"the abundantly. Surely blessed faithful windows been CHIMES OF NORMANDY tithepayers—have

Adapted by us. unto of been opened have heaven"Cornwall

loyalty to the definite of all tests of of the most is probably Tithing one O. Robinson J.andSpencer W.

said: F. Smith President Joseph Church.

ANTHEMS OF this put NEW BOOK of (tithing) the of the people loyalty be this principle Church shall By Gates By B. Cecil

it is for the shall and test. kingdom to the of God be known who By this principle

it it. hearts are shall principle this set on doing seen whose is against be By who off CHORUSES FOR MALE this principle themselves cut to are the will and have opposed and of God, who VOICES is connected of importance Zion. of a great deal There from the blessings arrangements by with this New unfaithful. it faithful or principle whether shall be known we are for by it, Cornwall J. Spencer

Tithing is nearly always spoken of as a temporal law such as taxes and Also all music for Mutuals, Relief Sodonations, but it is more; it is a spiritual as well as a temporal law. cieties, High Performances.Schools and Community

Obedience to the principle of tithing will give as much the true spiritual Largest stock of Sheet Music and Mudevelopment as obedience to any other divine principle of the Gospel. sicians'supplies in the Intermountain

Obedience to tithing develops strength of character, selfcontrol, selfWest.

denial, love of God. These spiritual blessings irrevocably follow a strict

tithing. of to compliance the law

to the onetenth Giving Lord with cheerfulness, thanksgiving, and a Daynes Music Co.

prayerful heart will place a person on the permanent record of the Church 47 South Main Street as a tithepayer and will, no doubt, bring prosperity, peace of mind, and Salt Lake City. Utah

spiritual growth. Successors to

Application: During the month of May, Teachers are urged to visit every home Consolidated andMusic Company

all tithing it is possible, of to discuss the subject at where in the Church and to Daynes Beebe Music Company full to tithepayers. the income of having every Church become encourage member

Archaeologists of today are discovering the ruins of many prehistoric cities.

The inhabitants of these cities left no written records, but their strange temples stand as mute evidence that they were EXPERT BUILDERS.

They used BRICK, and the state of preservation of their ancient structures proves the DURABILITY OF BRICK.

{Build (tfitk. (BhJudk.

INTERSTATE 3180 So. 11th East o BRICK COMPANYo Salt Lake City

The Advertisers of the "Era"Merit Your Patronage. 237

OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS OF THE GENEALOGICAL SOCIETY OF UTAH

J. KIRBY, SMITH, JOHN FIELDING JOSEPH

Secretary. Treasurer. President and A WILLIAMA. WIDTSOE,LUND, HAROLDAssistant

MYERS, GARRETT M. KIRKHAM, L. JAMES CHRISTENSON, JOSEPH

Treasurer and Assistant PETERSEN, President. MARK E. Vice

Burea Superintendent of Research Directors. F. BENNETT, ARCHIBALD

HILL, ELLEN Secretary and Librarian.

Librarian. Assistant

A RECORD OF PROGRESS uary a system of stake research exMiss Heckscher also gave addresses cursions was inaugurated which had at Logan and Ogden.

effect. three hundred Over immediate of Society Genealogical the in tracing interestCince the reported She in issued Janwere annual memberships* its quarters into in keen new exceptionally Sweden moved Utah ancestry is library February. The uary and in Building descent the in Smith Memorial of Swedish people and among filled the number capacity; to daily has chief department sources 1933, every theDecember, in America. Among during registering January each day

In registers continuously. rapidly the church and aregrown information of 1 and 50 ranging between February and

staff office there enuregular the to she but parishes,addition 2,550 about of were books 1,756 one 229. day On sources. fullfledged departments three additionalare An merated now many for. evenings a called week Two of the given Bureau, Church explanation Research was enlightening library—the and Wednesday Thursday—the parthe Library. Archive, surnames, and ofGenealogical Swedish vagaries the until 9 m. p. remains new open Many

solof separate Bureau, a Index method Temple anomalous the ticularlyThe added, been have books valuable and directly croft the they of under the operating thedepartment taking diers name dollars of thousands of cost at a some is service Recorder, of their Historian term and duringChurch occupied it has memberships; and derived from

is building, notices confusing in the and which surname, their samehoused as to enlarge the necessary found been for will its also activities to "If be man,relating a the genealogist. to improvements. other library and make

croft, soldier this page.included lived in Tandela on example,

Records of the Temple Index Bureau his name was Tanderfelt, but if he

The annual report of the secretary show that 109,703 temple sheets were moved to Husby soldier croft, even if shows that during 1937 nearly twenty checked last year, bearing a total of it was located within the same parish, the dollars Research paidthousand was names; nearly and a million etc. ConseHusberg, from he was called research These on orders.Department duplications were these 113,163 among have might quently, the selfsame man staff sixteen of a handledorders were by prevented.

competent genealogists in the employ many different surnames during his of the society. The archive index conlifetime."

tains approximately one and a half million index cards, one card being made SWEDISH GENEALOGIST After giving a comprehensive defor each name in a record. A carefully VISITS UTAH scription of the documents of value in

arranged cross index directs the searchtracing ancestry, she made these sugin the and pageer to every volume l\fl"iss Ella Heckscher, wellknown gestions to those desiring research particular a recordsarchive where name may be found. It is our am- *"and expert genealogist of Sweden, 1. Give all dates known regarding the

bition to include in the archive, eventhe head of a research bureau there, person whose genealogy you are asking tually, a complete record of every and one who has searched out the for. If you have kept any old letters bemember of every family—the most ancestry of thousands of Latterday longing to him, send them with your order;

in February on arrived Saints, Utah anywhere. to found record becomplete in giving invery valuable they are often stay she her of time the 20. During is invited, family S. and L. D.Each the startingpoint. regarding formation of functions, at a number honored acceptable of was place to copyurged, an

its record in the archive. The cost including a banquet at the Lion House 2. If you yourself were born in Sweden,

is now only lc per name. During 1937, given by Mrs. Julia M. Brixen, the mention when and where born, and also

over nine hundred new records were hostess of Miss Heckscher while in your relationship to the person whose geneadded, and more than 106,000 cards. Utah; a meeting in the 27th Ward alogy you are seeking.

There are still 19,000 records on hand under the auspices of the Swedish Gento be indexed. ealogical Society which she addressed 3. For the sake of your descendants, I

in Swedish; a public meeting in Barratt must recommend you to write the names

Conventions were held last year in Hall sponsored by the Genealogical Soand, if possible, the address on pictures 68 stakes, at which demonstrations were ciety of Utah, where she spoke in you have of relatives and friends, and also given of senior and junior genealogical English; and a typically Swedish that you note all names and dates regardlittle bit of Sweden activities. temple Numerousand "smorgassbord"—a will family, so they yourself your and at the ing Edling Frida Miss by for the completion were issuedawards—given in times olden In wellpreserved. be authorities General Lounge. Belvedere In assignments. Stakeof Rexburg opinused, and a Bible was Sweden in my this reception last at guests were who four threealone, recently hundred and

junior awards were granted. To date, included President Heber J. Grant, ion it is a worthy way to keep the family

2,173 junior awards have been sent President Rudger Clawson, Elders history. This Bible was inherited from

from the central office and 2,928 senior Stephen L. Richards, John A. Widtsoe, father to son, and every new generation

awards. Charles A. Callis, and Albert E. Bowen, added dates and names regarding their

President Samuel O. Bennion, and also family.

Memberships in the society and President Louise Y. Robison of the

Relief Society and her steadily increasarelibrary attendance counselors. Her interesting lecture will be printed as toastmaster; certificates acted issueding. Life Elder Widtsoe membership

total 6,389; annual memberships durand the musical program was under the in the July issue of the Utah Genealoging 1937 number 630. Early in Jandirection of Mrs. Lucy Gates Bowen. ical and Historical Magazine.

.

General Superintendency General Offices Y. M. M. I. A. General Presidency

MAIN STREET NORTH I. A. 50 Y. M. M.

CITY, SALT LAKE GEORGE Q. MORRIS UTAH LUCYY. GRANTW. M. CANNONI. A.

JOSEPH CANNON General Offices Y. BURTON K. J.FARNSWORTH W. M. I. A. VERNAHELEN W.S. WILLIAMSGODDARD 33 BISHOP'S BUILDING

OSCAR A. KIRKHAM, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH CLARISSA A. BEESLEY.

Executive Secretary Send all Correspondence to Committees Direct to General Offices Executive Secretary

CONJOINT PROGRAM FOR And when ye shall receive these things,

I that exhort ask ye would God, you would EVENING, SUNDAY MAY 1ST

Christ, of Father, the the in Eternal name dcecidiim.

if shall true; these things are not and if ye Life Cultural The

ask with a sincere heart, with real intent, 'T'wo things stand out as of supreme HpHis is a program that ward assohaving faith in Christ, He will manifest the "importance to M. I. A. Executives ciations will probably wish to outtruth of it unto you, by the power of the

during April. line for themselves. Holy Ghost.

talks brief Several given be on may getting First: Classes are "Spring

last lessons in that the us hope Let topics as such getting Fever."are long, days The

best, will this that course, the be and through Culture Music. of the out are and gardens doors and preparaprayer thorough through and Literature. Culture through calling. to atcan keep do we What I. tion, the leaders of the Adult A. M. Cradle of The Home. tendance Culture—the up? energy Unless and

spirit into will enthusiasm put and such Influence Refining of the GosThe for are manifest planning attendance, this this that the of membership work pel. will lag until there a be by week week the will of sealeave at the end group talks Intersperse these with music, is almost at there close a the out""fade

spiritual son, great mental and with stories. scripture short reading, hints season. are for of the some Here faith this in enrichment renewed and

alive. classes the keeping

sacred book.

1 interest the capgroup Study and beautification project deAdult The it. If italize the are on members book further as serves Arbor a word Day

in, lovers, in bring connection with raise will culthe approaches. "We lessons, series of reports manual a book Axel A. chairmen: Neslen, C. Grace Madsen and tural of surroundings our beautone by

L. L. Aurelia Richard Evans, A. Stevenson, Dr. If the reviewers. of outstanding book of places tifying homes, our our worBennion, Harbertson. E. Gladys

is socials, for strong gomembers now ship, communities."our and

let different the entertain to time ones LEADERS ADULT A TO WORD organizations Several and communclass. If at the of the closethe others training leadership monthly ities projects. started already such HPhe have

for enthusiastic arethe gardening group "* in has chosen meetings Salt stake held Club conevery Flower Lake The beautiflcation, or flowersor have home of Parley's indisat the Point stake ducted the are Lookout mouth board by artists talksshort or landscape by its project. beautification for pensable to the carrying of forward Canyongardeners the lesson supplementing

I. is placing a fountain A. program. and stake Adult The club The work. In other words study the spot. shrubbery planting responsibility around your theleadersM. their great with

group and "feed my sheep."of being teachers of teachers must come What a welcome to tourists and what

2. Look for good publicity, have an before their classes, first of all, able to an invitation to stop for a view of the

alert class committee do publicity congive inspiration and encouragement to beautiful valley!

stantly. Scouts should bring to the the ward leaders and in addition with With the idea of a 1947 anniversary,

halls Tuesday afternoons a printed or definite material, planned and outlined the state of Utah is working out a plan written program. The membership for the month, to hand to these leaders of beautification by which trees and

committee could get busy on the telein order that they in turn may carry this shrubs are planted along the highway.

phone, reminding the members of the same help and inspiration back to their Perhaps your Adult class cooperating class and urging their attendance. Have class members. Something new for with your city authorities can select

class members greet all whom they each month's work should be the aim some place in or near your city to meet during the week with such exof every Adult leader. beautify and to further the general plan

pressions as, "We'll see you at M. I. A. Painstaking and thorough preparaof your state and community. The

Tuesday night."Coin slogans to catch tion with a spiritual glow are essential Adult committee would be glad to know

the M. I. A. members. It can be done. to carry the Book of Mormon lessons of any other project that is being

You can do it. Keep eternally vigilant forward impressively and successfully. worked on at the present time or that

and you will reap much happiness. This Book of Mormon study offers rich is being planned for the future.

The second pressing problem in April and extensive helps in the matter of We refer you to previous articles in is to keep fully organized. If resignasupplemental material, because of the the Eta for December 1937, and March

tions occur early in the year they are interesting verifications which are so 1938, with their references to books immediately replaced. If they occur rapidly being brought forth by both and magazines.

towards the end of the year many exmembers and nonmembers of the ecutives are inclined to try and get Church, and the Adult leaders must along without them. Our thoughts in be on the alert to get new and interestsuch cases are on the finish, rather than ing facts that add to the fine material Sm/ou

on the program. Let's get the idea given in our manual. These manual Dr. L. L. Daines and Hazel Brockbank, chairmen;

there is no finish. One year's work lessons, if they accomplish their pur- H. R. Merrill, Dr. George H. Hansen, Polly R.

flows imperceptibly into the next. Time pose, will bring to the Adult memberHardy, Vella H. Wetzel.

moves on. We must keep completely ship of the Church additional literature Cpring is with us once again. It is

organized always. Otherwise the work which will enrich their knowledge of * time now for Senior class leaders to

crowds us, it becomes tedious, tiresome, the Book of Mormon, and will help prepare for a grand close of their year's and irksome. Keep fully organized, them to obtain that testimony of the activity. The committee of the Genkeep up enthusiasm, keep eternally truth of this sacred book, which is eral Board has been very much pleased

vigilant, and you will keep attendance promised by Moroni in the last chapter to learn that in many parts of the at hightide. of the Book of Mormon: Church excellent class meetings as well

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1938

as class activities have been held. fact we encourage its use as a means As we visit joint study groups, banDuring the closing weeks of class of keeping up interest and attendance. quets, dinner dances, and Valentine

work is a good time to organize for We suggest that contests be organized parties, we are indeed proud of the summer activity. Committees to carry in any or all the following games: work being done in our stakes and

on for the coming summer should now tennis, badminton, ping pong, soft ball, wards. Surely the youth of today is

be appointed in order that the responsihorse shoe. Ward and stake tournaliving up to this great opportunity of

bility for carrying on the work may be ments should be organized at once by leadership.

definitely placed. The General Board the ward and stake M Men leaders. "I will have a peculiar people"so

is rounding into concluding shape a Church finals will be held in tennis sayeth the Lord. Did He mean that He

summer program that should be atand soft ball in Salt Lake City just would have a people who lived accordtractive in every ward of the Church. prior to and during the June Confering to His suggestion by way of the

Spring, especially in many of the ence. Church finals in ping pong and Word of Wisdom and obedience to

stakes and wards, is a grand time for badminton could likewise be arranged His moral law?

if activities. ball, sufficientoutof-door there Soft horse be demand. The together us Let go on some Tuesday

eligiallshoe, hikes, rules to nature excursions regulations as are and same visit night the and Ward,in bility in order. In force regions are as procedure segoes and where

sesin are 97 for where MenGleaners M in official stake for excursion basketball abundance, the angrow same and sion. president be The may Man M districtsegoes, will friends pioneers, the the function of organizations and

presiding; the president conGleaner

offer interest. activities varietymight to these successful to carry a and An discussion. exducting the the By hills rulesold time dinner the conclusion. sugon Detailed a would and be the the faces pression earnest of on in forsplendid conclusion the such gestions given are exan ManMen M of the group, members one know may cress, for boiled fried ual 19371938.cursion—water or and Handbook

fire of they entnusiasm the caught haveeggs, sticks cooked dough on around thinking speakalong the are with and fire, broiled steak grids beefa on or ers. discussing vocathey Will be rocks, in sourdoughhot bread cooked

tions, religion? social relations, morals,a oven. bake Or will the lessons on temperance be

Katie C. Jensen, chairman; Freda Jensen, Grace the theme of the evening? It will not

Nixon Stewart, Helena W. Larson. matter which of the subjects mentioned

is that night taken above because by of the MenGleaner ward AflANY M quarof spring the winter end and to yet are held banquets and the be it ters will the finished manual and be chairman;Frank Dr. Franklin McGhie, W. Girls the S. probably Gleaner of many Harris. Floyed Homer G. Eyre, all treatise subjects. the contains a of on still raise B. Kiepe, Hales. to are Dr.Werner pondering C. WayneWarner, money how

for them. How about taking orders Will youth find its way through the

SPRING ACTIVITIES for homemade cakes, bread, cookies, fog of worldly misunderstandings and it false out with ideas? Will come etc., to delivered to be members ward the'T'hose recent saw who Men M ideals aspirations? higher and Will a certain establishing date, or on a in basketball the tournament Desit marriage about temple more know nursemaid could mothers bureau whereeret 16 teams Gymnasium, where of wise the a law conception have and girls at to get help a moment's them skill sportsstrengthmatched and and tohealth avoiding of the of use by girl's notice, for to her each wages pay it will thatmanship, agree great a was liquors? intoxicating bacco and Will at plate the banquet? own ofdisplay the quality the of young the discovered people young have their for raising of a means As money of the people.manhood Mormon abilities, strength, their their themselves, Girls banquet, the of Whittier Gleaner 16 representativesThese teams were their goal? questhe and poet With in dancing a novel party gave Wardof five nearly a teams, thousand other

let tioner us say: hall, their 10. amusement February other playersthousand ten thouand

tables Fifty the arranged were around thesand the thyself Church. in vision Couldst as thou see Men over M the of edge the dance floor and on is meant God basketball league spokenThe Men Mother valendecorated with Each was never thou more be would Thou the one officials largest of stage. the sport as of by its kind in the world. Little wonder tines and marked with the girl's name art—content.

it. Tall floor lamps, then that those men who came to the who had reserved finals should feel the joy of achieveferns, and flowers helped give atLEADERS

girls mosphere. dressed younger Five thrills ment, of the we of time this looking T year are you victory—and, A in uniforms ushers acted as white and hope, the sense responsibility to of ** for to a forward program May, floor the during punch, served show "carry on."said victory,"the "Every June, Undoubtedly, August/ July, and nuts, cookies, guest. to each candy and 'just late clears Roosevelt, Theodore will outings, carry your group with on delightful unusually beshow The was field for battle."the a new picnics, parties, hikes, sunrise summer his at table everyone cause seated was to the with Those have do who let services. sunset and the Don't comfortably could see hear and and this in leadership great organization aplose other people because young each girls perfectly. thirty dolThe made preciate fact the that basketball and of in will lead summer. out Youth lars'affair, profit this lovely on which athletic just contests other are means if these to things so encouraged do that in every Whittier Gleaner means It is to ends. greater that true strong, a are standing but to help you when by will to able attend the stake be Ward is welltrained a decided element body are spur them on you needed—to when banquet. for which success—yet makes must we fainthearted? they there grow Are you is delightGleaner Committee Your forget not the of wellimportance a the help to as decision to them make the questionnaires that ed with have disciplined culinformed mind, and a fitness appropriateness things? of and far. all received are so been When sociability, agreeable tured and a and

is greatness of the today youth it results The the returned compiled, and spirituality reverent as suchumble and is youth, of tomorrow. yesterday will easier To to be plan much Gleaner factors. cess object of regular our The

is reality; today, a dream; tomorrow lessons, activities suit programs, to and class lesson of the draand and work

is vision. a wonderful you made Have needs. your matics, in music, dancing included and

our program is to furnish opportunity youth want goodness? Have you made

to develop a wellintegrated personyouth want to be great? Wanting is

important, for in a man's wanting lies ality. will leader emphasize The class

his giant self. during of our the these phases work

coming two months. Good luck and happiness in your

Of course athletics must not be reetings, M Men, Gleaners, and work.

eliminated from our spring program. In Leaders Your M MenGleaner Committee.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1938

John D. Giles, chairman; M. Elmer Christensen.

LIBERTY FIRST WARD VANBALL CHAMPIONS npHE Explorers'vanball team, First * Ward of Liberty Stake, claimed highest honors in the seventh intermountain championships played in Salt

Lake City, February 25 and 26. The

contest was decided only after Logan

Ninth Ward of Cache Stake had staged a magnificent battle for the winner s crown. Five courts were used in

the tournament with the final games being played on the main floor of the

Deseret Gymnasium.

Teams that were declared victors in the local council games and entered the intermountain tournament were Idaho

Falls 4th Ward, Logan 1st, 5th, and 7th, Ogden 7th, Richfield 2nd, Lewisville, Pocatello 3rd, Mill Creek, Clinton, Emigration, Provo 6th, Fairview,

Wyoming, Fairview, Utah, and Salt

Lake 10th. Logan 5th Ward, defending champions, finished in third place.

The games were conducted under the direction of the Scout Executives of

Teton Peaks, Tendoy, Cache Valley,

Ogden, Salt Lake and Utah National

Parks councils with the General Board of the Y. M. M. I. A. cooperating.

"pxPLORERS of Waterloo ward in *-J Wells stake took highest honors in the Salt Lake Council Explorers snow "moot"held in February. One of

the outstanding Explorer groups of the

Church, this troop of young men represents the development of the Explorer program which is now rapidly developing in most of the stakes and wards of Top: Vanball team of First

the Church. Ward,mountainLibertyChampions.Stake InterCenter: Vanball team of

Logan 9th Ward, Cache Stake, runnersup in Intermountain championship.

Bottom: Explorer troop of

Waterloo Wells Ward, stake, winners in Salt Lake CouncilMarba C. Josephson,%J(UfUOUchairman; Lucile T. Buehner,

Emily H. Bennett. Snow "Moot."

JOINT EXPLORERJUNIOR has several worthy articles concerning this, which was inaugurated by the

LESSON the evils of liquor and tobacco. "Flying Squadron"recently, will continue to June 1. Special awards are to

held your Juniorof you have stake at the Jubilee to every madei"ATVAany parties Explorer undoubtedly and set the standards up reaching and ward is to in- O be necessity greatfeel that there for this purpose.

this activity joint of socialcrease the Stake For Awards Philo Farnsworth, chairman; D. T. E. Hammond, to eager also are haveage group. We Peterson. Arthur E. Certificate special Silver Jubilee A girls this learnthe of age boys and suitable size of framed hung and to be SILVER JUBILEE ANNIVERSARY in other than to cooperate wayshow to in will given headquarters stake be IN OF SCOUTING CHURCH THE this social. that reason,purely For rethe stake following each meeting feature the of outstanding coming 7V n inserted into the there hasyear been quirements *"* of the Conference I. A. joint night. June lesson M. oneprogram The stake First: organization complete A: the will of 1012) observance is be this vital (June lesson formaterial and to both covering Scouting Exploring and

necessary and is in keeping with the the Silver Jubilee Anniversary of Scoutbe organized under the Y. M. M. I. A.

Church plan to stress the need for ing in the L. D. S. Church. The origaccording to the plan outlined in Scouting

observing the Word of Wisdom. inal charter covering the year beginin the L. D. S. Church. (Page 15.)

The plan has been to hold a panel ning May 21, 1913, is now in the GenSecond: A registered Scout Troop in

discussion, allowing both Explorers and eral Office of the Y. M. M. I. A. every ward in the stake. (In wards with

Patrol than 8 fewer a Neighborhood boys in for preparation In the meantime, freely talk questions to ask andJuniors will accepted.) be celebration, great are anxious course problem, with ofto the maour a we in registered Explorer Third: Troop A into possible Scoutbring to every preferably leadperson, of the boyture one fifty cent or of having per more the wards

ers, in charge and directing the activity ing and to exceed even the outstanding twelve or more boys available between and making a summary. records we have made in the past. The the ages of fifteen and seventeen.

The Health Digest of January, 1938, Churchwide campaign to accomplish (Concluded on page 242)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1938

(Concluded from page 241) Special Award Scout as a stake delegate to represent in five of out every boys Fourth: Three official in all events as leader the stake special recogniand special award A the of ages twelve andthe stake between delegation. of the stake tion in in the Silver Service the Jubilee toseventeen be registered. are as delegates All selected Scouts will to Tabernacle given every be ward

Wards or Branches which has every boy from twelve to to be observers of the Scout Oath and

S. interpreted L. the as D. by Law registered, seventeen that adeprovided Certificate Silver special of Jubilee A first part particularly the (note Church also leadership quate prohas been in sizesuitable hung framed to be and

the point of the Twelfth of and Oath for assistant Scoutmaster and hall, recreation chapel, orthe ward vided—A the law). first three the assistant patrols an and will to every givenScout be ward room

Sincerely, for additional patrol. Scoutmaster each following requirements: themeeting

I. A. Superintendency of Y. Gen. M. M.

First: complete Organization Scout Note A Morris, Geo. Q.

including the bothunder A. Y. M. M. I. Superintendent. It is understood that twelve to sevenGeneral in as outlined Exploring Scouting and

Scouting in the L. D. S. Church. (Page teen used herein means boys having

17-> passed their twelfth birthday and not

Second: A registered Scout Troop. having reached their seventeenth birthThird: A registered Explorer Troop, if day.

available. aretwelve boys or more

of out Fourth: Three every five boys Participation of Scouts EthelBertha S.K.Anderson,Tingey, chairman:Ileen AnnMargaretWaspe. N.LucyWells,T.

to be registered in either the Scout or Exand Explorers Andersen, Caroline Adams.

If unit. threeplorer than of out every more girls are BeeHive now hope all five registered, are one boys now

isn't It their bands. ** wearing Patrol, secured mustScout for each be new—bothEveryScoutregisteredand Explorer—istroop in the Churchinvited "\I7e

unless all available boys are registered. to send a representative registered uninecessary for them to wear them every

Fifth: A troop good turn in which formed Scout as its official delegate to night. A box or large envelope will

seventyfive per cent or more of the memthe Silver Jubilee Celebration. Delebe a good place to keep them along

bers participate to be done for the sponsorgates are to be selected in any manner with other BeeHive supplies, such as ing institution, which is the ward, or to the agreed upon by the troop. In cases scissors, notebooks, pencils, needles,

community. is If this clippings. troops thimble, not desire to send thread, do Seventyfive per Sixth: cent or of where more

is delegates in class the stake committee can authordone, awards be sewed onthe enrolled registered active boys to be and in Aaronic Priesthood Quorums and Sunized to select other delegates to repreas soon as they are given. The bands

day School, or if nonmembers, to be active sent such troop. should be used in all public demonstrain religious duties provided by their own Each Stake will be invited to send a tions when acting as ushers on Beechurches. representative registered uniformed Hive night and Swarm Days.

A GOOD SPORT

(Continued from page 215) When you come up to college, you There once was a small town maid ever so staid and ever was sure to must be and Who know let me seated were around They one friendly gink a But

I'll stand steps front the on and givetable. their drink her Offered a small dinner While was being

served they slipped away in between you the official welcome and tell you And frightened the staid little maid.

courses to dance on the small space what profs to avoid so that you can in the center of the room. Each always get good grades. Will you The laugh that followed was

general except for Warner. Marlet to promise me know?"with danced hetime Warner Anne imshrieked jorie almost and said said I?""Will Anne, her eyes that remark amade some gay made

little quiver of happiness run through sparkling. "I'll drop you a card and mediately: "Oh, Larry, you're so

her heart, although she couldn't help say, 'Anne, the lass from the counfunny. Make one up about me."

thinking that he said pretty things try, will arrive on the steps of learnLarry obliged and Anne sat back, so easily he must have said them ing at 2 p. m. next Monday. Please feeling aloof and miserable. The

very often. be on hand to brush the hay leaves evening had been entirely spoiled

that she for her supposed now, and coat her from and show her the way rather however, he Once, became to certainly nothing she had added store."the bookserious asked: and you to do "What others. the the of She enjoyment

"I've noticing the leaves been ondo?"called failed "a they to what be had

this dress said all evening,"Warner all at exciting,""Nothing it Anne help couldn't sport"but she good his lightly over her hand "I in help the brushinganswered. mother care. didn't wasn't She she and

I call sleeve, rose "only should them lately I'vehouse. picking been Just 252) (Continued page on instead."leaves in of strawberriesloads the garden

and I play the organ in church. I've Anne's face was flushed with hapfinished high school, of course, and piness as they walked back to join

next year I plan on going to college."the others at the table, but as they

She couldn't help thinking how came closer she stopped short and stupid it all sounded and how much the light left her eyes. Six glasses

she would have liked to have said, filled with an orangecolored drink the table stood Larry upon and brilliant posters those"I draw you was The 3MJT glass to each a small from adding in Lake's or "Isee Emporium,"am the girl who plays those organ reflask. "Not for me, thank you,"she

citals you hear every day on the said quietly as he reached for the GRANDradio at noon."glass at her place. NEW

M. H. THOMPSON

"I like the part about the straw- "All right, sister,"he said with an Managerberries the best,"he answered. attempt to be humorous. "All the Hotel

"Only I should have to say, 'I eat more for me."Lifting up his glass SaltHotel,LakeLocatedCity's atPopular4th SouthMediumand PricedMain

bushels of strawberries every day.'he recited:

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1938

wL

oux 1 nil and b tvo- o 9 ** Save chedsed 1* tteuttod* t.tei '-—* flushed ** v, lotto***—o.*e

. 8h. cleanei—. T *otn onttdted-T—

*, coxtect 9* ae0iPtoxe—crM*crSE

/iatet—-w ol ngB"

ittvet,....lea**- **

c00lG 6PectedteP

**** Tnedaua"an?eed

A il e. -tikes L

Tested—cone"VM guotanteea.—

suites*——\ scieBllB | M——'—

StRtlONS

The "Era"Believes in the Goods and Services of Its Advertisers. 243

t

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1938

learned Catholic church historian,ENROLL(Commence Later if Desired)NOW The Protestors of says that this question seemed im- $25. Discount on a Complete possible of solution until recent COURSE IN BEAUTY CULTURE Christendom years, but that the discovery of pre-

A State Accredited School cious documents and long and pa- (Continued from page 234) tient work on the part of Dom Paul

Ogden School of Beauty Culture Cagin seems to have brought an

Over Egyptian Theatre OGDEN, UTAH Neither did the sacrament escape answer.

Name profound modification.

five Cagin of compared these Address said, this eat; "Take, with documents other, each among

little likeliwas -11—f It—I M—City1| M——H -.i-.StateII—-Hi i IM If. i li is Whenmy body,"Jesusthere Latin them fragments from Verona,

PEWS, consideredhood that otherwiseHis statementthan aswoulda figurebe anda Syriac"The manuscriptTestament publishedof our Lord,"for

PULPITS, of speech. However, it came in the first time in 1 899. He observed misunderstood time to be and the wherein these five independent docuto STEEL sacrament be considered a means ments agree disand wherein they

FOLOING of securing the forgiveness of sins. agree. The disagreements repre-

1 CHAIRS, derstoodJustin, theit wouldtrue significanceappear, stillof unthe sentthe thingsadditionswhereinto the originalthey agreeprayer;go

Kindergarten and Opera sacrament. He writes: "He speaks back to a common source. ConBank, and StoreOffice,FixturesChurch also in this prophecy of the 'bread'cerning this common source, Cagin

which our Christ commanded us to writes: "Whether it be, moreover,

Salt Lake Cabinet & do in remembrance of the fact that from the precept and example of the

Lord, flesh or the for from bethose concerted prescripbecame He who Fixture Company tion of let lieve ( for the also Apostles their and from in Him whom He Richards 32 for prices us Street—Write

initial suffer ), practice, that Himself of the common or and cup the from

I "l| Mi."**

.. - of i f- e* His T *i IT i II authority blood remembrance II—** their of i || -m||,H- J-t- in first || *m II leader his II * and

The Didache or the Teaching of successors, that this mysterious the Twelve40 speaks also of the sacunanimity proceeds and, at so early

CompUmsmLbL rament. forms,a date,it mustso universalcome fromin somewhere,all of the

f\F these early centuries, there is of no formula of the sacramental prayer that has come down to the present. Did the Savior Himself or S. H. Kress & Co. through His Apostles give a set form

5-1025cStore sacrament?for the prayerIf usedHe did,in blessingwhat wasthe

the primitive formula out of which This is the time to think of the various in Christian forms used Pins. School Rings and We services church the grew? Mourret, can furnish with these you Dr. NayEor 9s-i articles. Refinement of deMEDICATED "Justin, Dialogue with Trgpho, LXX, 4. sign and quality makes us

outstanding an ManufacIX, the or Teaching Didache Twelve The "The of TEAT DILATORS soft only surface dilators. The Fit Eucharist, Eucharist concerning hold the X: "And turer. large small or teats, overnot do to give thus: First thanks concerning the Cup, 'We

stretch tear. or Dr. dilators Naylor thee the our for Father, of thy David Vine Holy 162 So. Main St. Phone Was. 5123 sterilized, are medicated, saturated to child, which, didst us through thou make known

healing with Salt City, ointment. carry Lake They Utah to forever.'child: Jesus thy thee conglory be And the medication teat canal, INTO our give the thee thanks, cerning bread broken 'We * teat keep heal. while tissues OPEN life -li—-li——n—didst for the Father, which thou and knowledge L

Safe and dependable for Spider, to child. thee thy us through Jesus make known To Teats, Scab Bruised Teats, Cut& this scattered forever. bread broken glory be was As

insert. Obstructions. to Stay Easy together mountains, the brought but and was upon teat. in the Accept only genuine let toone, thy church so be gathered was made dilators. Dr. Naylor

for into the gether earth thy of from ends kingdom, $1.00 Dilators) (48 PACKAGE LARGE is glory thine Jesus the through the power and

.50 (18 Dilators) TRIAL PACKAGE let eat of ever.'for drink your Christ But none and Eucharist except those who have been baptized in the $eMtf

UDDER BALM Lord'sLord say,name.'Give Fornot thatconcerningwhich is thisholy alsoto thediddogs.'the

Soothing, healing ointment give WITH satisfied are thus after with you "But for ud der and teats. Possesses thanks: Father, to thee, thanks Holy 'We Ofood,

softening, the absorbing same taberfor to didst thy thou which Holy make Namegive properties as the ointment in nacle in our hearts, and to the knowledge and faith didst unto immortality which and Dr. Naylor known make Dilators which LfR forever. thy child. us through glory thee Jesus be thou To are packed. 9 ozs. 50 cents

all for things thy create Almighty, didst Thou, Lord

UDDER LINIMENT Name'sfor theirsake,enjoyment,and didstthatgivetheyfoodmightandgivedrinkthanksto mento Pure Animal Oil spiritual thee, with us hast thou but blessed food and OIL OLIVE WITH MADE Hair Scalp Condiand thy eternal light Child. drink through and Above for tioner liquid penetrating application A everyone

all that for art give unto thou mighty. thanks thee we hair. healthier relief for swelling, the of inflamthy glory forever. Lord, thee be Remember, To lustrous, hair wantingKeeps it mation, all it evil Quickly congestion. abto to deliver Church, from and make alive, free hair from and

it its in in love, together gather perfect thy and 1 sticky greasy. or scalp ailments Of sorbed—not four to thv the holiness winds from which kingdom particular to value producers of

it. thine for hast the prepared For thou power

or At Barber Beauany certified milk. Pintcan$1.00 let forever. glory grace the Let and comeis and

or ty Dept. Shop, Drug to reliable the pass of world thy away. dealers Hosannah At God Store. let if by If mail postpaid. holy, or cornel be him David. any any man

H. W. NAYLOR CO., MORRIS, N. Y. come).man beAmen."not, let (Kirsopphim repent:LakeMarantranslation.)atha (Our Lord

244 Patronize the "Era's"Advertisers.

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1938 and it can come only from one51 or the other of these three sources."

Concerning each of the following points, others, says the he and no New Colors for all Complete oftestimony witnesses of the (documents) is in complete agreement: Your Home Banking I. Memores tgitur mortis et resurrectionis ejus

Mindful therefore of the death and Service.. resurrection of him

II. Offerimus tibi partem et calicem

gvatiasWe offertibi agentesto thee bread and cup The general forward thanks to thee expressing movement in business

III. Quia nos dignos habuisti finds this strong conBecause us worthy you considered IV. Adstare coran te et tibi ministrace Charming,Obexclusive shades and servative bank coop-

To stand before thee and thee to tints in every type of erating with its clients serve V. er petimus in every possible way.

and we ask Our complete service VI. ut mittas Spicitum tuum Sanctum that thou sendest Spirit thy Holy Bennett's includes commercial

VII, super oblationem sanctae Ecclesiae and savings accounts, (the) offering upon of thy Holy

Church trusts, abstracts andVIII. in unum congcegans des omnibus Paints safe deposit boxes. {sanctis—at end of line below)

in one gathering give to all saints for all surfaces, inside and outside.

IX. qui peccipiunt Sanctis Ask for the FREE large color chips

who partake (of it) for matching with the furnishings of in X. repletionem Spicitus Sancti,

in fulness Spirit, etc. of Holy etc. your own home. F7TATT 1AI1 savingsTRUST CO.&

In addition to these five forms, it BENNETT GLASS & 235 South Main Street is of interest to compare a sixth: the PAINT CO. Member Federal Reserve System

(Continued on page 246) 6165 First South St. W. Deposit Federal the Member throughout Dealers Sold by

Cgln, "Paul L'Eucharistia, primitif Corporation Canon Insurance dt la. Intermountain Country

Messe. essentiel Formulaire ou et primitif de toutts

Its Liturgies, p. 30.

It doesn't take a skilled mechanic Diesel Engine to operate a i* or Power Unit "Caterpillar"Diesel engines and power units are simple—dependable—successful in the hands of unskilled operators.

Whetherjobs—a "Caterpillar"you need powerwill fitforyourportable,needs.semiportableLet us give youor stationarycomplete

details.

Distributors of

"CATERPILLAR"Diesel Engines TrackType -Q: O. Road Machinery Tractors t LANDESItAC*OR T

s t S o uih T e inple, S a 1 1 Lake C i ty H ea d <ju art e r s - 24 5 W e

Support the Advertisers. They Merit Your Patronage. 245

..

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1938

The Protestors of DON'T ATTEND THE APRIL CONFERENCE WITHOUT SEEING AND

HEARING Christendom THE NEW {Continued from page 245) sacramental prayer for the bread in the Book of Mormon. This form HAMMOND ORGAN was published before anyone from

historical sources could have had a

On display all day, every day during Conference glimmer of an idea of the original at our store, under the direction of Mr. Seldon Heaps, sacramental prayer used by the

organist. Apostles. That which is common

to the five documents compared by

The most wonderful invention of our agel No reeds Cagin is placed in the left hand or pipes, never gets out of tunel Only takes up a column (omitting repetitions) and the corresponding part of the Book little over four feet square of space! The cost is about the same of Mormon prayer in the right hand

as a fine piano I column:

OVER 1500 CHURCHES, EXCLUDING MANY L. D. S. WARDS, ARE

ALREADY PROUD OWNERS OF THIS WONDERFUL ORGAN1 Mindful therefore That they may eat of his death and in remembrance of

Sold Exclusively by resurrection the body of thy

Because thou hast Son GLENSalt Lake City BROS. MUSIC COMPANY2546 Washington Ave. considered u s and witness unto

74 So. Main St. Ogden, Utah worthy to stand bethee that they are

fore thee and to willing to take upon serve them the name of give to all the saints thy Son and...

congregating toalways keep His gether and who commandments althat the (of they partake may SMELTING AMERICAN CO. & REFINING

full- i s have a ways H Seventh Building Floor McCornick SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH sacrament) Spirit to with be Holy ness of Thy

Spirit. them.

Purchasers of Of the original prayer as restored by him Cagin says: "It is imposGold, Silver, Lead and Copper Ore sible to say more in fewer words Address correspondence

as follows: and Smelter Products charged with more meaning.""This

American Smelting Consign all ore shipments to: isprayer,also true of the Book of Mormon

of agreement says that the can & Refining Co. AmericanShip Lead SmeltingOres to Murrayand RefiningPlant, Murray,CompanyUtah theCaginfive documents he compares

700 McCornick Ship Copper and Siliceous Ores to Garfield Plant, be explained in one way and in one

Building Garfield, Utah way only: they go back to a comsource. is the agreement mon How

i!! If > If H—II ItM—If—II of the of sixth, the i i II—iW—II i i B M ill—II——II———tfMti—————-!!! nw Book Mormon

prayer, to be explained? Does it

go back to a common source? And

what is that source? EURElfjvVACUUM CLEANER 62Paul Cagin, L'Eucharistia, Canon primitif de la

Messe ou Formulaire essentiel et premier de routes les Liturgies, pp. 30, 31, Presenting the New Improved Models

Sensational New Features Beckoning Roads

More Suction Plus Better Brush Action (Continued from page 209)

Greater Ease of Operation and felt he was irritated with her

New and Greatly Improved Attachments for coming. In the kitchen the cook

Phone For Demonstration—Wasatch 4764 wasa heartyclearingbreakfast.away the remains of

EUREKA VACUUM CLEANER COMPANY He led her into a diningroom 177 East Broadway Salt Lake City, Utah that had the appearance of having *n—iiii—<i—ii—ii—ii—n—it—ii—ii—H——m i. i ii—it—ii——ii—n—n—u—if -H-i—.||——()—i n il-.—II. never been used, then through a

wide hall and up an open stairway.

Visit The of the the stairs head he opened At

WHEGOOB Shop.. Mormon Handicraft right her a door on the and placed R.LPolk&Co. "AKBOUGHTANDSOUITWSU6MTW Sponsored by

CUSSFIEil within. BUSKS USB bag Directory Publishers

Established in Utah The L. D. S. Relief Society, "Here you are. Be as comfort1890 located floor of the upper on and will able Chris can. Mrs. as you

District Office INFORMATION BUREAU OFthe to eat. something arAttractive give you useful See you and Handmade

405 Dooly Block—Salt Lake City ticles for sale, suitable for gifts and later."souvenirs.

(Continued on page 248) 246 Mention the "Era'When You Purchase These Goods or Services fcxpl&twjc thsL lAmv&MiL By FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR. "VTew careful experiments show how /arbon dioxide has two new useful the stomach may be disturbed by applications. Inhalations of the

HPhe virus cause of measles can now the emotions. Eating much before gas may prove useful in the treatment

* be seen under the microscope by rushing for a train, entering an exam, of epilepsy. Incandescent lamps filled

first staining with a black dye, nigrowhen not feeling well or when physiwith this gas give an artificial light sine. As a result of this discovery cally exhausted, can be seen to be unclaimed to be superior to any previous

measles can not only be diagnosed three wise. When so disturbed the pylorus, type of artificial daylight lamp, even

days before the rash appears, but caror muscular valve, closes and the conbeing suitable for the difficult test of riers of the virus, who might infect tents are kept in the stomach with a matching colors.

others, can be detected also. sensation of heaviness, stretching, and 4

acid rising resulting. A new process of drying vegetables

** by first soaking then drying rapidlyHpHOUGH fewer decayed teeth have * been found in the older skulls, and thoroughly has been developed.

the vegenot harm Chemicals do which too, ancient trouble men, had with in soaking help up to tables are added teeth, their primitive are today and men water extra water. makes more The free not toothaches the holes from and

it press moisture, the beto easier out faults that In them. cause our and

at half for fore and a a drying day civilization, experiments school on children constant candy show that eatroom< temperature.

ing dissolves the enamel, roughens to trees in seems hormone A growth teeth, and starts cavities. *"* trees'for the bebe responsible

ginning to grow each spring. Botanists

stutterers in the the million Tn United horof the greatest the amount found A States, there are more during shoots men in the and buds than mone women. Since the male mind sometimes the months of April, May, and June

clings to one idea too long, the male when the growth was fastest. Extra

tongue twists words two to ten times hormone was found at points from oftener than the female. which fruit would soon begin to grow.

/Vround be squeezedsawdustintoandhardmill densewaste procan Coapcoalmadeis nowfromonfatsalethatincomesGermany,from Tirade* Americabetweenin ancientNorthtimesandis shownSouth ducts that are stronger than the wood at a price slightly higher than that made by articles made in Peru but found in made by nature. from animal or plant fats. Mexico, reports Science Service.

Workers Courses of Interest to M. L A.

in 1938 University of Utah Summer Session fyujnsL 26 io duqu&t QunsL for Recreational Directors, suitable courses will find, r -tMIA Directors departments: the following in of2i

GEOLOGY ART raBIOLOGYnrv MUSIC PHYSICAL EDUCATION

KONU30) SPEECH<DraKdicsandPubUcAddress)

Better understanding dSSiKS

Send for Bulletin. Address the President

UNIVERSITY OF UTAH, Salt Lake City. Utah

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1938

morning perfect had been so purple should shadows. and with TheyBeckoning Roads everything of wrong. patches harbored was all still have snow Then (Continued /rom page 246) now

she stiffened mentally. The sharpbut none were visible. In the other

ancy, inside the room, ness between father and son must direction she could see the herd theyfelt a suddenR inclination to cry. The not affect her. They could disagree had passed. It was moving slowly

all they pleased but nearer.

she must hold her Back in the kitchen Nancy ate the work. She must. breakfast set before her.

This wasn't the "I could a set you in the diningfirst time she had room,"Mrs. Chris began apologetto put up with ically, but the girl interrupted, "This GOLDENE had

unpleasant condiis much better."

tions; but she had The woman's face brightened. BOTTLED. thought this class Her manner toward the newcomer

—hold on. What took a turn in temperature.

I think. is just "That what was it What's Pete had GflS a m difference the eat last as long said where night? you

"Old Man Wood as you git enough? Setting the table

lot in the a hull diningroom makes one is all right—n

it. fusses overWhat 9a W-U)hat (Dom 9t fatt? better."but Reid work selmore Pete

LET US ANSWER THESE dom erred in his He calls it an old sheepherder cusQUESTIONS FOR YOU judgment of men. tom. The idea of a—

DURING CONFERENCE WEEK If Pete could see "Are they shearing yet?"Nancy

under the brusqueasked quickly.

to efficiently Goldeno see Bottled Gas you how We want for ness she could too. "Laws, no. They ain't started yet appliances in the gas works made especially new

rural homes. Learn all about its low cost and how easily Dismissing and won't for another week or ten

it can be installed. For your convenience we are arrangit from her mind days. That is why everything is in

ing a series of demonstrations during Conference Week she looked about. such a bustle. When they are shearIf of are unable that attend them. one ask you you and will start Reserve. for the ed they thinks he "And

of facts to to here, for our ask book you send be we until will things quieten this is down Then a prison."in in detail your aids explains Goldene you which how

There was a douhaying starts."

COOKING—REFRIGERATION ble south window. "Do the shearers eat here?"

LIGHTING—WATER HEATING She went to it and "No. They used to, but now they

Visit or Write to looked out. She have their regular crews that go

another. to plant from one They see could away

I their cook, for which carry fields own that Rocky Mountain Gas Co. Salt123 LakeSo. StateCity across thankful."am were green under

brown. The mounThere was the sound of steps on

tains, protectingly the back porch and Mr. Wood apGfls BEHonD the mRins near, were bare peared in the door. For an instant

Nancy was panicstricken. Suppose

she shouldn't be able to stand it.

Suppose she shouldn't be able to make good. This meant so much. The Sectional Joint of the Then she caught his glance and her

fear vanished. Was there a twinkle

in his eyes? Before she could deterInterveivry space mine he spoke. filled mrn Mineral ARMCO "Are you through eating? I am

Rubber in a kind of a hurry."

She was to learn later that his LENNON "kind of a hurry"by no means meant inattention to details but was the habitual excuse of a man who until Itods-- N half Round IZod. TYPE drove himself from morning

long after dark. Now she rose.

Cro55 Section of The Lemon Metal Flume Joint "I am through."Actual Size.—FLUME She followed him across the

has been developed through a QuarterCentury of Experience for kitchen yard to another building.

There were two doors opening from Smooth Interior—Watertightness—Flexibility it. Mr. Wood threw open the nearSimilar things are true of the designs of Hardesty and Calco Gates, Pipes est and they went in.

and Culverts. They serve the best interests of Water Users, Irrigation "This is the commissary and ofCompanies, States and Counties. fice together,"he told her, and his

Write or Phone for Illustrated Literature tone defied her to say it was not a good arrangement. "The other end

THE R. HARDESTY MANUFACTURING CO. iskitchen.the bunkhouse'Fore we andbuiltthethemen'sbig

Salt Lake City Wasatch 3141 house it was my home. Seems more

like it now than the other. No home

248 Support the Advertisers.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1938

Beckonmg Road: II"i II II II n-——.|| || h i iii ||.ii..i ||i |l -II—-ll 1

Jfefittbal Jfflustcto that big barn. We send supplies

out from here to the camps. Once LADIES

in a while a rancher comes here for MALEsomething if he hasn't time to go MIXED NEPHL to town. track of keep you So what

in it BEESLEY MUSIC CO. SuperAcoustic outcomes and goes and who

goes to. I'll probably have to check

up on you to see you are doing it Plaster right. You might have to pay the

men, too, if I'm not here, or Reid. Used throughout the

It is a mixedup job. Here's the keys University Library

and there's the desk and in it are Building and the books. ought to have gumpYou Jhe 3?Pf Manyfinestofstructuresthe Church'sintion figure to out. things enough

I'll be here off and on."Utah and California

This had been delivered all in one breath. He handed her the keys NEWM. H. THOMPSONGRAND A beautiful, durable,

gone.and about. was Nancy looked

She wondered whether or to laugh Manager llOICi soundabsorbingwall finish cry and decided to do neither. By SaltHotel,LakeLocatedCity's atPopular4th SouthMediumand PricedMain

the east wall was a cumbersome old Manufactured by a desk, a relic of days gone by. It was comes in and goes out—-and keep Utah Corporation of

littered and dusty. One side of the sweet under anything."The girl 45years standing

room was taken up with packing clutched the keys tightly. She must

boxes, their bright labels revealing make good. She would have two

their contents. Across from them months'wages. With good luck! NEPHI PLASTER &

floor theand on beneath them was three. school. to would She go The I MANUFACTURING girla sample, the thought, of everyearly of the beckoned, morning road

! COMPANYthing the sun. under had room The it but for did reason some not seem

the appearance of a very disorderly quite so alluring. She brushed the I 401 Dooly Block,

general merchandise store. vision hastily away. J Salt Lake City, Utah

"Keep track of everything that (To be Continued) Iti,.—h—nnn—ti——ii n—it—nit B if*

U i J (J OZ4i

WITH A

MAGIC CHEF GAS RANGE amomkaI, Jbo!

I Magic Chef cooking is real fun... it's so easy. Red fat burns, smoky kitchens. Broiler pan and grid can

Wheel Regulator permits baking without ovenwatch- be washed like a dish. Top burners are nonclog and

ing. Exclusive HighSpeed Oven cooks faster than light instantly when gas is turned on. Why not enjoy

ordinary ovens. Saves time and gas. Comfortablythe convenience of a new Magic Chef gas range?

high SwingOut Broiler eliminates tiresome stooping. You can have one installed on easy monthly terms.

MOUNTAIM FUELlUPPLY COMPANY

36 So. State, Salt Lake City Serving 21 Utah Communities

The "Era's"Advertisers Merit Your Patronage. 249

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1938

Priesthood and Security L. D. S. Training DoesnH Cost—It Pays! {Continued from page 203)

agencies of the Church. Also, and more important, this means to help their memberself-sustaining, brethren by securing become

This month's advertisefor selfhelp for opportunities them and by

L. D. S. of the ment Business principles the of teaching industry them and

College is dedicated to one all thrift rests. security temporal upon which

of inoutstanding the West's activities, in miscellaneous engage 4. To

stitutions, the Utah Power socials, etc., outings, the quoetc., by which

and Light Company, rum members may find outlets for their normal social needs, give employment to their

Silhouetted against the families, and extend their companionship

Mt. Timpanogos skyline is with other quorums and groups within the

the Provo steam plant, newChurch.

est member in the family of 42 interconnected water Every quorum should have four and coalburning plants genstanding, active committees, repreerating electricity for the senting the above mentioned activiof convenience and comfort j million in ties: 1. Class Instruction, 2. Church people I onehalf

I the intermountain area. Service, 3. Personal Welfare, and 4.

Miscellaneous. No quorum is fully

The L. D. S. Business Colprepared to function in the Church

is to grateful lege the Utah unless this organization is perfected.

Light and Power Company for its cooperation in providQuorums so organized and active, ing employment opportunisuch groups of united brethren, ties for many graduates of would become the strength of Zion, the College. of the Kingdom of God on earth.

They would make the Church a Thorough training {or office work is the first step toward success in the inviting field ol power on earth among all men, to modern business. Write today for free information about our courses. bless and redeem the nations now

lying in discord, unrest, and unhappiness. L. D. S. BUSINESS COLLEGE The call has come to the quorums of the L. D. S. College) (A department

their of to use Priesthood the power 70 North Main Street Salt Lake City, Utah firmly in establishing the Security

Program to which the Church has set its hand. This program may appear at first to be purely material in

its objective, but in reality it is as truly spiritual as its results. Those

who give to the cause will experience the great joy that comes from helping others; those who receive, in the SKIN BROKEN OUT? right spirit, will not only be fed but

will be made to rejoice in the brothIf so, eat two cakes of Fleischmann's Yeast every day, erhood of man.

before meals—for Fleischmann's Yeast helps clear the HPhe problem of the Priesthood

skin by keeping waste poisons quorums with respect to the Security Program is threefold:

that often cause pimples out of the 1. To help feed, clothe and house the

blood. Start today to eat FleischSupplies Vitamins\s\s\s\s\j\ needy.2. To help the unemployed find employmann's Yeast regularly. Buy it ment.

at your grocer's. FLEISCHMANN'SBE<J.U.S.P*T.OfT those3. Towhohelpareraisebarelythe subsisting.standard of living of

this threefold problem, In facing should CEREALPR1MARVOR VITAMINTAPIOCA FLOURA'AOMOAND quorums remember

FLEISCHMANN'S that it is STAM0AHDEat2<oIRAMOSS fee/or*OrOF CALIFORNIACALIFORNIA*"notelementsnecessaryof wealthto looklie farall away.aroundTheus,

the time awaiting of the application YEAST imtilliM earth of men. and strength The

offers riches to humanity, on the condition that men labor to master and

I ''"It '"acquire them.

Every quorum should look about..! THE UTAH PHOTO in its immediate vicinity for opporWE OITER COMPLETE A security tunities to base which on CO. MATERIALS SERVICE ENGRAVING specialize Enlarging in Copying, projects. Is food needed? There We to portraits the largest Missionary From Finishing. in 26 years and Kodak catalogues. lots, lands the are farm vacant or unused Salt in Business Photographic Lake Attention. Mail Orders Prompt Given City. Is cultivated. clothing that be may

Was. 2235 27 W. CO. ENGRAVING UTAH So. Temple needed? A few sheep may be placed Square Opposite Temple St. Utah Salt Lake City, 113 Regent W—m& B——If {Continued on page 252)

250 Mention the "Era"When Responding to These Ads.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1938

:>#.-y y *&

New Spring, // /Til\ m.

HOSIERY

3 pairs for $1.95

Beautiful, sheer iourthread crepe finish hosiery in all the new spring shades. Colors: "Cruise Tan,"a

For that sleek, smooth lovely sun tan shade for wear with white, pastels and gay sport hues,

Spring appearance Beige,"also navy,a lightgreenradiantand black.sun tone"Sunnithat

may be worn for afternoon and evening. "Exotique,"a yellow burnt clay

shade that harmonizes with earth tones, green, black or sport colors.

Available in a complete size range, 8V2 to 10%. Come in, phone or mail

your order today!

Z C M I, Salt Lake City, Utah Name

Address Enclosed please find $ for pairs new spring hosiery.

Size Color desired

DOWNSTAIRS FASHION STORE ZCM

These Advertisers Merit Your Patronage. 251

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1938

Priesthood and Security (Continued [com page 250) OFFICIAL TOUR with the flockmaster's herd, or food Sails from New York products may be exchanged for June 24 and 29 clothing. Is shelter needed? Wood for the

The mp maygravelbe forwithinconcrete,reach foror lumber,clay foror INTERNATIONAL adobes or brick. United quorum laCOUNCIL of WOMEN

bor on such projects would soon meeting in NEW GRAND bring rich results to bless the needy. M. H. THOMPSON Every quorum may list many unused EDINBURGH, SCOTLAND

opportunities. July 11 to 21 Manager Hotel

Salt Lake City's Popular Medium Priced Similarly, employment for the unFor detailed itinerary write

Hotel, Located at 4th South and Main employed should be sought. Again, NATIONAL COUNCIL OF WOMEN

home conditions and possibilities 630 5th Avenue, New York City should be surveyed. Are any jobs

Now that you are going to have The Advertisers, that afterChurch group come to ESTA B LIS HED your home, you want to have someand Where You Will F ind TWO GUESTS—ONE CHARGE

thing ready which will fill the bill LOCATION: Seventh and Broadway, the center

shows. of shops and Their Messages return yet you and be ready when

in furnishings, atmosphere For you COMFORT: flour A-l with them. The Globe service. and Smelting and Refining to recipes your American once again comes guests in room. Same One 246 POLICY: price. rate. Co double or Notwo rescue.

Beesley Music Co..249 RATES: Rooms with bath.

BUTTER CRISP COOKIES Beneficial Life Insurance Co Choice or Double Twins Back Cover Bed—Double

c. "A-l"Flour Globe 2y2..245 Paint and Bennett Glass Co $3.50 $2.50 $3.00 1 c. sugar brown..252 Blaisdell Hotel

1/2 Worry""No 't. soda Bargaining—No..231 University Brigham Young President Wilson, R. Frank 1 c. butter..195 Chevrolet Motor Co

1 large egg..253 Oil Continental Co

1 tsp. vanilla..237 LANKERSHIM HOTEL Music Daynes Co

..227 Sift flour, Deseret measure, add sugar and Book Co..254 LOS ANGELES Press in butter thoroughly and soda. Deseret News Rub

add wellbeaten egg and vanilla. Eureka Vacuum Cleaner Co..246

(More flour may be needed to make First Security Banks..230

a stiff dough.) Knead dough well, Fuller, W. P. and Co..196 C>cx>cx>o()o<>cx>o<>o<)0(>oo<>o<)o()

shape into rolls and place in reGaeth, Arthur, European Tour....255

frigerator to become hard. Slice Glen Bros. Music Co..246

thin and bake in hot oven (400 deGlobe Mills Co..229

Manufacturing Co..248 grees) 8-10 minutes. Hardesty I HONOLULU!HONOLULU! |

..237 Interstate Brick Co

Kress, S. H., and Co -..244 v WhenWhen youyou visitvisit thethe PacificPacific y

KSL Inside Back Cover v IslandIsland paradise,paradise, stopstop atat thethe V 245 B Co... B

Hotel..252A Good Sport LankershimLandes Tractor and Equipment B

..244 Oil L. B. Hair (Continued from page 242) Child's

..250 B College.. S. Business L. D.

going to let down her standards Midwest Dairy Products Co..231 B

..246 Handicraft Shop Mormon Blaisdell sothat she pretend to wasmerely Hote B..249 Fuel Supply Mountain Co really wasn't.phisticated she when for the people fi Headquarters of National Council..252 y Women

all pretense a that it wasShe knew..244 Naylor, and H. W., Co Idaho of Utah and 5 i out others...249 the been had Plasterwith She and Mfg. Nephi Co

with them dozens o times and never New Grand Hotel i Right in the heart of Honolulu's I 231, 242, 249, 252 255before had she seen any evidences business district—a delightfully iS Culture244 of Beauty Oqden School

of drink. Larry must have taken Polk, R. L. & Co..246 B cool restful hotel. B

idea out of somewherethe a book B. F., Pulham, Organs..231 i CHILD'S BLAISDELL HOTEL is B of Beauty Culture-..255 Quish School all city to roadthat people went

its for particularly wellknown $..248 Mountain Gas Rocky Co drinks. strong imbibedhouses and

Salt Fixture and Cabinet Lake beautiful cool with dining room B relieved they She much when was 244 Co of wall Honomural seascapes..253 B Salt B Hardware Lake Co out todecided go came and home its for lulu Harbor, Palm and Inside Oil Shell Front Cover Co spirit air of freshinto a with the I t directopen-air lunch Court..250 room Standard Brands climbthankfulness. Hope and She B I Hardand Sugar adjoining. ly Lumber House

ed into the front seat with Larry, ware Co..193 B I

as before, and the other three into Taylor Jewelry Co..244 European plan $1.50 and up.

the rear. Her deep silence conUniversity of Utah..247 B With private bath $3.00 and up. I

-250 Engraving Utah Co B I the painfullytrasted rather with..243 Refining Utah Oil Co

B of the the rest ofhigh spirits..250 Materials Photo Utah I

crowd, but she supposed that noUtah Savings and Trust..245 B Mathew S. Child, Manager, I

State Agricultural College..197 paying any attention to Utahbody was

Z. C. M. I. 251 B FormerlyUtaha residentand Idahoof I now.her by

[Concluded on page 255) Oxx=xx=x>cx>C=XX=X><=XX=XX=XX=><><=><X=><>o>>B B 252 Patronize the Advertisers of the "Era."

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1938

Priesthood and Security available? May irrigation water now

used excessively be used to increase the farming area? Are small storage

sites available on which labor now wasted might be used to impound early water? Can more intensive

crops, requiring more labor, be grown, such as beets, fruit, garden truck, peas, beans, etc.? Is dairying BUY IT

sufficient followed degree?being to a fruits From Your Local the farm, products ofAre the

and vegetables, prepared properly, Independent Dealer by added labor, for the market, to secure the best prices? Is the localBy any yardstick with which you

ity suited to some of the socalled measure value

Chemurgic crops, combining the He Serves You Best!

farm and factory, such as power alcohol? Are there possible hand inNo matter what you buy—whether it be

dustries, for the slack season? Perhardware for modernizing your homehaps an investigation into the things garden tools—sporting goods—housewaresnow imported by the locality would—a washing machine—a radio—an electricreveal many things that might be refrigerator—farm supplies or the simplest

produced by the community. household hardware.

Help might be given also to those Your local independent retailer can supply who are on the margin of selfhelp. you with dependable merchandise at prices

Are they making the best use of comparable with ANY OTHER SOURCE OF considered.their resources? Are they spending SUPPLY—quality

their income wisely? What unused

possibilities are within their reach? PLUS

The quorums of the Priesthood Friendly, courteous, personal service that should lead out in all such projects, adds so much "plus value"to your purfor they are singularly fitted, by orchase. He is not only a heavy taxpayer,

ganization and size, as well as by but he also supports with his time and his spiritual power, for the work. Their dollars all worthy local community affairs.

wives and children would rejoice to Your local independent retailer is deserving projects. be sharers in the quorum that he gets it and of your business—see directed wiselyThrough quorum to will service be rendering a lasting efyou

forts might come not only help for your community that will come back to you immediate needs, but also the directmany fold.

ing of attention toward cooperative effort or capital investment in industrial enterprises of large and lasting benefit to the people. Thealftake

set Every should quorum at once /cHardwafC (So. to about plan its projects find and

for the present year. That which "Organized to efficiently serve the independent

already has been done so successretailer."

fully by the quorums is but evidence WHOLESALE EXCLUSIVELY of what may be done by quorum Salt Lake City—Pocatello—Boise—Grand Junction activity.

Careful attention should be given to the new Priesthood plan, with its weekly meeting, course of study,

published from month to month stake—as committee and activity projects TfetCK&tf under the Melchizedek Priesthood

department of the Improvement Era.

Again, let it be said that the future of the Church Security Program is largely in the keeping of the quorums of the Priesthood. May the

Priesthood of the Church, individually and as quorums, rise to full realCONOCO GERM ization of their responsibilities and MM possibilities. of the Priesthood May PROCESSED OIL the Church read a lesson in successful brotherly effort, under divine authority and power, to all the world. OILPLATES YOUR ENGINE "Up, awake, ye defenders of

Zionl"THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1938

Solution to March Puzzle Scriptural Crossword PuzzleThe King Cometh (Zechariah 9:9)

ACROSS

Being in neutral equilibrium; act 31 "but with the. is wisdom"

as it (anag.) 34 City; animal

6 "Be not... with thy mouth"35 "My God"Mark 15: 34

9 "and... shall speak peace"37 An Asherite 1 Chron. 7: 34 ndUour 10 "Behold the man whose name... 38 Another Asherite; the Altar

The BRANCH"39 "... he shall bear the glory"

11 "the... shall live by his faith"40 "a man... upon a red horse"

/ C/f/O 1513 Mohammedan"I will...scripturesthe soul of the 4443 God"thingsin Hebrewthat ye shallnames..."

priests"46 City of Judah; nailed (anag.)

16 "one Lord,... his name one"48 "sit and rule... his throne"

... honestPreserve in bound volumes 17 "andrighteousness"... on the breastplate of 50 "areand they,good whichheart"in

had found a he Jesus, when... 51 "And

..., sat thereon"youngthe vast amount of valuable 18 "iteveningshall cometime itto shallpass,be thatlight"

"....."repetitions". not vain 52

will the stony..."take "I away 53 reading in your Era. 2119 "hidIssue;inhisthree(anag.)measures of

22 "For mine eyes have seen thy..."

Handsome, durable cloth binding, 26 Common gazelle of Central Asia Our Text from Zechariah is 9, 10, 11,.

27 Animal; a kind of 51 across 16, 17, 22, 31, 39, 40, 48, 50, and;

stamped in gold, $2.00 per volume. 29 Salt 51 combined

SPECIAL PRICES FOR TEN OR

DOWN MORE VOLUMES 2 Young hog 22 Fashionable reception 3 Bird 23 Derived from toluene; I lied not

BRING THEM IN NOW 4 "the iron, the..., and the lead"(anag.)

5 "The Lord... my God"24 Less than tiny

6 Town of Switzerland 25 On account of 7 Hindu month 28 "Let thine... now be attentive"

(anag.) Sulla Javanese he Deseret 118 Scaffolding 30 Imaginary lower form of man; a

that handle the..."12 The prophet who said, "behold, 32 "all thy King Cometh unto thee"33 African weaver bird

14 City coupled with Sodom and 36 Grandfather of the prophet Zech- 1 1: ariah Zech. 10: Gen. 19 Gomorrah

(ref. sp.) reversed, Christ; of an 38 TerrifiedJNews Press 15 Ancestor

League Independence exclamation 41 29 Richards Street of the Lord is..."(ref. sp.) 42 "The great day 17 Possess

that and. is low, and... 45 "Lod, him Salt Lake City, Utah 18 "exalt

is craftsmen"high"Neh..., 11:the 35valley of: him that

20 The wall was finished in this 47 Canadian province month Neh. 6: 15 49 Hebrew letter

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1938

A Good Sport AUSTRIA—RUSSIA—ENGLAND

( Concluded [com page 252 Pocono Study KITCHEN GARDEN J-/ drive started to the THE arry at a fast the highway car down or out, one of the most worthTOURS Tn town pace in keeping with the reckless while projects for family interest, for invite you spirit he had been showing all evefamily economy, and for productive to spend the summer in ning. Once when the speedometer and healthful outdoor activity is the

crept past the 50 mark Anne said socalled kitchen garden, which every situated Latterday home aren't sharply: a tersuitably in such "We well could afford to have. SaintA governrific that hurry to break have we EUROPE bulletin ment the subject advises on

limit, are the speed we?"with that:

"It's the spirit of the times, girl,"Fresh vegetables for an average family

Larry answered dramatically. "If may be grown upon a large back yard or

... lot. city fresh of use vegetables The lag the the wayside, other you by Gaeth to variety diet the adds the Arthur and improves fast. will fellow pass you up. Go experienced guide and... health the of people. production The Get somewhere."of vegetables at home relieves transportastructor in history at traveler,Brigham andYoungin-

"Personally I'd rather not get tion difficulties and solves the marketing University, who has traveled 150,000 miles in Europe in the last ten years. utilizes city garden home.. The than there have to go with a broken idleproblem. land spare for time. and food producneck,"answered. Anne

... tion. acres of idle Thousands of land

Larry slowed down a trifle, but that may be used for gardens are still availat times passing able they were when cities. within the boundaries of our large Leaving New York cars close to striking so he came

them that Anne shuddered. He was Several books and pamphlets are June 15:

not keeping closely enough to his available on the subject including Farmside of the road. Evidently he was er's Bulletin No. 1044 of the U. S. DePrices from $694.00 up

of Agriculture, partment for sale by slightly dizzy not entirely and was to suit time purse of traveler and of Superintendent Documents, visits tour Complete with bright the eleven countries able to cope headthe including Balkans and Russia lights that blared upon him in the Washington,In such pamphletsD. C.; pricevaluable5 cents.instrucdarkness of the night. Finally they tions are given concerning choice of Write to ARTHUR GAETH

came so close to striking a passing crops, preparation of soil, instructions Brigham Young University, Provo car that Anne's hand went to her for planting, cultivation, etc. An article

throat in terror. As soon as she concerning this activity will appear in YUGOSLAVIA - PoLAib - HUNGARY

had recovered from her fright she the May issue of The Improvement reached over for the hand brake and Era—but now we say: this is a good

stopped the car. summer project for Latterday Saint

"Move over,"she commanded. homes—and now is the season of

"I'm driving this car from now on."preparation.

"Don't be foolish,"said Larry sheepishly. "You don't suppose swered with a slight catch in her

that two little drinks could bother voice.

"It mattered lot to a said, me,"he any, do you?"me me m? into her dark eyes. down "I think that for a boy who isn't looking

I think youused to it one little drink is far too "I want to tell you that the I've grandest person met for It's toomuch. to to are much cause me NEW GRAND It a time. long real takes courage life,risk that."M. H. I know my THOMPSON fj 1 I

girl for a to stand convictions by her Larry the driver's gave up seat Manager in like did tonight."a crowd you ||OtClwithout any more argument and

Priced Medium "I didn't so,"think said almost amidstAnne drove home Anne SaltHotel,LakeLocatedCity's atPopular4th South and Main quietly. just "I couldn't anything do silencecomplete from her friends.

They, too, had seen possible death else."

staring them in the face by a matter "Weren't we a prize bunch of of perhaps inches and their hilarity saps?"said Warner with a rueful

had dropped very suddenly. grin. "The boys trying to show me She stopped the car in front of a good time because I was their guest BE INDEPENDENT

her own house and jumped out beand I trying to be agreeable for the No Other Vocation So Profitable fore Larry had a chance to assist same reason and we come just about ENROLL NOW her. "I suppose that now you are getting our necks broken for our For a Complete Course at the

foolishness. might have done Weoff the main highway get can you

too, if it hadn't for you."been all right,"she said hurriedhome and Quish School of Beauty Culture

up the walk to the house. "I know,"said Anne with an unThe Best in the West

Before she had quite reached the derstanding smile. She held out her 336340 S. Main, American Bldg.,

door she heard running steps behand and Warner grasped it closely. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

hind her and turned to face Warner "I'll be seeing you again,"he said For Further Information

Call or CatalogLloyd. in leaving, "and don't forget the re- <*fe

7560 Wasatch "You didn't say goodnight,"he ception committee when you come **>*%\ Fill in Thisor said accusingly. up to school next year."'<* Coupon

"I didn't think it mattered to any- "I'll remember,"Anne called back one whether I did or not,"she ansoftly.

LET'S SAY IT CORRECTLY OUR BEST DISHES, TOO!

the told teacher School had at Sunday noun, kindergarten as only "U. S. a modify and can is an adjective Sure

Hill obtained plates the from of story Smith investment."sure and Joseph considered are a bonds government A

children, the she had to impress It following it upon in the Cumorah. Wishing should used be is surely. adverb The

sentences: "I surely enjoyed that book, or movie, or play, etc."pictures of the scenes mentioned, and as they were looking

"Surely, I am going."them over a little girl, eagerly pointing to the picture of Hill

"He's surely a fine fellow."Cumorah, said: "Miss Brown, I know what this is.""All

To the question: "Are you satisfied?"the answer should right,"said the teacher, "You may tell the class what it is,"

Nellie answered: be, "Surely."—That is, if you are satisfied. and

is "That where we got the dishes."SOME EXPRESSIONS FROM OUR WORKERS—Submitted by Julia Stevens, Holden, Utah.

Montebello, Calif.

February 22, 1938. A QUESTION OF RANK

Associates: Dear

herself, neverto the close very not was Church Jones, has Angeles the Stake of Los Montebello 39 Mrs. Ward The activities said of son's theless her morning one and proud list fortyfive subof record. is a families Enclosed on

to a called on has to been neighbor: son go her "My Tom covering check a with to scriptions Improvement Era The

mission."cost. subscription the

fine.""Isn't that Brown: Mrs. to our explained after quota our was hours Twentysix

Priestthe in "Yes, has advanced been he and Jones: Mrs. in. our all subscriptions of officer these Some had ward we hood!"subscriptions other for look given yet so up have not workers

adso, Priesthood "Is that he what was Mrs. Brown: sold are Improvecompletely follow. on people to The Our

to?"vanced Era. ment

it either or sure, a "I Seventy not but Jones: Mrs. was am Sincerely,

I Eighty, Eighty."think but was Jones, Bertram (Signed) M.

L. Quist, Idaho. Arco, A. by it—Submitted of Montebello Bishop Ward.

Lynn, Utah. TIME OUT!

Sir: Dear sister for brother ready bed brother were and and Little subscriptions these to mail to able be happy very are

sister, Little his prayers. the at kneeling saying bed was WE the in places L. S. to every D. home you, Era now

feet. tickling his the in of playful kept bottom mood, a in will feel rejoice our being that us with you ward. in our forWethis to forth, trying his foot the and he prayed As boy back moved fortune. good success. the get without tormentor, but from away yours, Respectfully

it tickling that Finally stand could the extreme he so was Lind. (s) Vida H.

said, while "Please, so Lord, longer excuse minute a he no me

I kick the stuffing out of Phyllis."

Arizona. Phoenix, Julia Stevens, Holden, Utah. Katherine—Submitted by and are very proud of William Percy Johnson WE untiringJ. Dahl.effortsBothtoofmakethesetheworkerscampaignhavesuccessful.spent hoursTheyof havetime PROBLEM and

left workers willing orphan."an enthusiastically a baby corps of assisted I was I was a by been

of the it?"Senior the Adult and men did Selected. with chosen you do from among ward. aWhen"What

is of Mutual and our stake president a member The did more <*> bishopric selling the actual of Era. The of the his share than

cooperated to the fullest extent.

Very truly yours, (Signed) J. Morris Richards,

President Phoenix Third Ward Y. M. M. I. A.

Through the loyal cooperation<> of jSra directors, M. I. A.

officers, and ward members we have reached the goal we set out for, and it has been a real joy to place The Improvement

Era in so many homes in our ward.

Apostle Ballard once said, "You have the right to win and you will win,"so with this in mind and the encouraging letter received from you another effort was made which put us over.

Sincerely yours, (Signed) Mae Fletcher, Springville, Utah. TACT <j>

Arizona. Miami, needn't T"V:ntist: any wider. open your month "You When Brethren: Dear outside."tooth I expect to stand pull your Columbia

letter I the 19th. I appreciate of received your very much Jester.

appreciation of and encouragement. kind words very your

I for the reason feel are thanks due me, that any not do But

I I extract liberally pleasure in the getting from BUGS TO BURN that paid am my efforts in the distribution of the Era. I enjoy this work 'Vfou see that old boy over there? He thinks in terms of

as much as I did trying to persuade the people in the mission * millions.'

field to accept and enjoy that which I had to present to them. "He doesn't look to me like a financier."

I have received of the same spirit in this work that I felt "He isn't. He's a bacteriologist."Karikaturen.

then. I had something then and have something now that

is essential to the people to whom I present it. WHEN MERCY SEASONS JUSTICE

(Signed) Geo. J. Walser,

Era Director, Miami Ward, i immediately was sentenced to a term of not less

St. Joseph Stake. twenty years and not more than life. Troy Record.

BILL WRIGHT DICK EVANS

RALPH STEVENSON STAN REES DICK BEAUCHAMP LEE TAYLOR EDDIE GROVES FRANK GATES MONTE WILSON * up* ROLLO KIMBALL

GENE PACK, Chief Engineer MEL WRIGHT

They Control

KSL's 50,000 Watts

Many listeners to KSL take for granted the uniform excellence of the station's clear strong signal. For KSL brings you your music, drama,

your entertainment free of distortion and always on the same spot on your dial.

On this page are the pictures of the men who, through long years of training, keep KSL tuned to you. Most of KSL's engineers have

"grown up"with radio at KSL. This station is

unique in its field in this respect, and KSL's average engineer has worked in the station seven yearsl These candid camera pictures have caught the engineers at various stages of work. Bill

Wright checks a COS program... Ralph Stevenson regulates transmitter output... Dick

Beauchamp monitors a studio program...

Ed.die Groves "cues"a transcription... Monte

Wilson makes a routine transmitter check...

Mel Wright auditions a program... Dick Evans

monitors the CBS Tabernacle Choir program.., Stan Rees controls a studio program...

Lee Taylor transfers from the network... Frank

Gates checks a tube... Rollo Kimball checks

modulation.

For nineteen hours a day, these engineers work under the direction of Chief Engineer

Gene Pack, keeping KSL's signal coming to you!

THE 50,000 WATT KSL VOICE OF THE WEST Pictures show. upper

left, beoutiful pear trees in bloom, in Sacramento Valley. Upper right, majestic state capitol at

Sacramento. Lower left.

Historic Sutters Fort, Sac- r a m e n t o, California. N

Lower right, typical res- i d e n c e and orchard scene in Sacramento County's citrus section.

(Photos courtesy Sacra- / mento Chamber of Commerce.) SN

TO THE MIGHTY

SACRAMENTO VALLEY Since the early days of '49, when the pioneers struggled across the continent to be rewarded by the sight of your broad, fertile valley, you have been the Mecca of thousands. Your sunny days bring forth crops of

plenty to grace the land. And Sacramento is a proud complement today to the colorful history of long ago. Your past, indeed, justifies great

future progress!

WOODROW M. RIGBY—General Agent

Sacramento Office—201 Insurance Building

E. Z. Taylor—Gridley Herman A. Steinagel—Sacramento

Jos. F. Pomery—Marysville Elmer B. Taggart—Redding

Clarence Parker—White Horse W. Ellis Johnson—Marysville

George A. Zundel—Chico Herman L. Hummel—Chico

Chas. L. Rollins—Chico Herbert Wm. Weber—Sacramento

Clarence Pomeroy—Lincoln Geo. B. Losee—Vallejo

KMBFKIALOR IKtSIttAHCB e itiif

Home Office—Beneficial Life Building. Salt Lake City. Utah

heber j. grant. president