7>Hlmprooement Era -x

f FEBRUARY, 1944 Mill RETURN POSTAGE GUARANTEED

SALT LAKE CITY 1. UTAH

..

. ". and I'd just lie back and the house would run itself 99

Picture yourself in a magic new world... where housekeeping is easier than you ever dreamed possible...

Where you'll have a marvelous new kind of Gas heating unit that keeps your home not only warm in winter but washed by

... cool, fresh air in summer—all without a thought from you

where amazing new improvements in Gas refrigeration and cooking save hours of work... where hot water galore makes

life easier and happier every time you turn the tap...

Only a fancy? Not a bit! Tomorrow all these things will be

possible—and more, too—in practically every type of home.

For right now in the laboratories of the Gas industry, engineers are working on many miracles of better living... all made

possible through the magic of the tiny, blue Gas flame... the

flame that cools as well as heats!

Today Gas is speeding war production. Usa it wisely.

But tomorrow it will make your home a more comfortable place than you ever dreamed it could be. Why not hasten the day when you can enjoy these good

things—by buying all the War Bonds you can?

THE FLAME THAT WILL BRIGHTEN YOUR FUTURE...

MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY Sales offices in Salt Lake City, Ogden and Provo

SERVING TWENTYTHREE UTAH COMMUNITIES WAR AND PEACE

Jrndian J\now{edtf For Festive Occasions, Too NUTRITION

By DR. CHARLES E. DIBBLE GRAHAMS

An explorer visiting primitive Indian villages is invariably impressed by the sound bodies and evidences of endurance so characteristic of the native population. The archeologist is surNot only are Honey Bee Grahams

prised to discover the uniformity and ideal for afterschool snacks, but soundness of the skeletal dental strucfor children's parties, too—espeture. Centuries ago the Indian intellicially festive when spread with

gently adapted himself to his environchocolate or caramel icing!

ment and learned to respect the precepts They're Fresher!—Made in the

of nutrition which nature requires of the Only Cracker Factory Between healthy man. Denver and the Pacific Coast LOOK FOR THIS

Dr. Weston A. Price, director of the RICH BROWN

Dental Research Laboratories of PACKAGEI

Cleveland, Ohio, has completed an interesting study on the nutrition habits of the American Indian. After visiting

and studying the health and food habits Be*of fourteen primitive Indian tribes in <Ue*t**}

North and South America, Dr. Price GRAHAMSfcyPURITYconcludes C

that they (the Indians) were breaking down physically directly in proportion as they displaced the native nutrition of their habitat with the modern foods of commerce.

Examples are cited from Alaska, Florida, Peru, and the Amazon valley, where Indians on a modern diet, including white flour, sugar, and jams, show signs of physical degeneration.

Noteworthy is excessive tooth decay and the early loss of teeth. Keep Your Energy UP

The American Indian, more conscious and Your Budget DOWN of his relationship to and dependence with on the world of nature, observed animal life about him to know the foods reMAID-D-BARLEYThe favorite warm beverage of thousands.

wellbeing. for his physicalquired

the Indian's.ffiaSS8SSS5S Contains no drugs and is esy to prepare. points out that Dr. Price

accumulated knowledge of nutrition FOR SALE AT ALL GOOD GROCERS placed him in possession of the remedies If not obtainablewill mail inyouyour(prepaid)community we for numerous maladies even before the advent of the white man. Examples in- 4 lbs. $1.00 - 1 lb. Pkg. 29c

clude a cure for scurvy, quinine for the control of malaria, cocaine for the conRoasted and ISO Pacific Ave.

trol of pain, and the use of aluminum Packed by Salt Lake City. Utah WISDOM FOODS

silicate for treating certain digestive disorders.

In a modernized, industrialized, and Keep the lines from home unRead the inspiring story materialized white man's world where clogged

IN NET GOSPEL THEsigns of physical degeneration are prevSend your boys and girls Dr. John A. Widtsoe By

alent, it is hopeful to know there is $1.25

still an Indian population physically The Improvement Era able and potentially capable of living 12 issues $2.00 BookdealersFor saleeverywhereat

in accord with nature's laws of life.

FEBRUARY, 1944 65

<27/fe From Lincoln's Getaddress, repeat Jke Ucover thosetysburgat home

Americans, fighting with intensified bethroughout the uDiovementTHE GLORY OF GOD IS INTELLIGENCE Era lief: "It is rather

world, have occasion for us to be here this February to recall dedicated to the great with pride that they, task remaining before no less than George FEBRUARY, 1944 VOLUME 47, NO. 2 us—that from these

and Washington are "THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"increasedhonored deaddevotionwe taketo Abraham Lincoln, helping to create a Official Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, Mutual Improvement that cause for which world wherein the Associations, Department of Education, Music Committee, Ward they gave the last full

Teachers, and Other Agencies of the Church of Jesus Christ of measure of devotion;

Latterday Saints.

.'*

Jke (Ldtfor'd faae Lincoln, Douglas, and Joseph Smith Heber J, Grant 75

Ckufck reatvLres The Book of Job Levi Edgar Young 78

Moroni the Lonely Sidney B Sperry 83

Evidences and Reconciliations: LXXV—How Many Persons are Necessary to Officer the Church?

John A* Widtsoe 97 The Church Moves On 94 Music 108

Priesthood: Melchizedek 104 Research Genealogy: Through

here highly that we principles for which 7& Seventy with Correspondence Engresolve that these dead illustrious these presiland, Hill Aaronic 106 Ellen 109 shall not in died have sacrificed will dents be Teaching 110 107 Mutual Messages Ward vain; this that nation guaranteed to all men, 1 1 Field 105 NoLiquor-Tobacco Photos

shall under God, have living and unborn.

Americans on the a new birth of freefront are home chalspecial *jreatu,re5 dom;ment ofandthethatpeople,governby lenged knowlby the

edge of the sacrifices Men of Science Richard T. Wootton 76 the people, for the

by Washington and The Consecration Movement of the Middle 'Fifties people, shall not perish the from earth."80 Y* Feramorz Lincoln, well as Fox as by

is cover from The and 82 men Anderson our own It Explorer N* Jack from a Famous Take photograph a composof today. They women L Square. -Richard Evans from Temple The Spoken Word 84 ite of busts of Washthat recognize these 86 Hart Air Mark and Age Alaska ington Lincoln and by sacrifices demand....Dorothy 87 Robinson Clapp to a Letter Son the Keystone Mythe View better kind of living from those at home. Pioneer Diary of Eliza R. Snow—Part XII 88 Company.

"Life as usual"can no Scouting We Go Joseph J. Cannon 110

longer be the order for Indian Knowledge of NutriBooks 92 people at home any tion, Charles E. Dibble 65 Homing: Teaching Humdrum

more than it can be Exploring the Universe, FrankDecencies, Helen Gregg Executive and Editorial for those at the front. lin S. Harris, Jr 67 Green 98 Offices:

Telefacts 68 Handy Hints. 98 50 North Main Street,

Indoor Story Gardens, Kather- A Quick Way to Figure PerSalt Lake City 1, Utah.

ine Dissinger 69 centages, Leroy Eldredge 1944 by MuEditors L. 98 Copyright are and Harold Keepers of the Light, Snow We

Inc., tual Funds, a CorHeber J. Grant B. Josephine Corner, Clarke 70 Cook's Lois

John A. Widtsoe Put Your Dreams to Work, Nichols 99 poration of the Young

ImproveMen's Mutual Effectiveness, 71 Double Waddell Your Editor Managing of the ment Association 1 Peter 00 Hunt Great Crescendo, Newel S. Richard L. Evans A Ritchie Christ of Jesus Church of - 103 72 from the Camps News Brown

Associate Editors The Religious Attitudes of Index to Advertisers 120 Latterday Saints. All

Marba C. Josephson Noted Men, Leon M. Strong 74 Scriptural Crossword Puzzle....122 rights reserved. SubscripWilliam Mulder Lincoln at Niagara Falls 90 Your Page and Ours 128 tion price, $2.00 a year,

in advance; 20c single

Genera! Manager copy.

George Q. Morris (L*ditorial6 Entered at the Post

Associate Manager Office, Salt Lake City,

Lucy G. Cannon Commendation and Challenge to Leaders of Youth Utah, as secondclass

C. Josephson 96 matter. for Marba Acceptance

Business Manager mailing at special rate of William Mulder 96

John K. Orton Childhood Giants

in postage for provided National Advertising section 1 1 03, Act of OcRepresentatives Storied, loettoeim tober, 1917, authorized

Francis M. Mayo,

Salt Lake City A Checker Champ Brigham Young, HI 90 JulyThe2, 1918.Improvement Era

Edward S. Townsend, Give Us This Day Qra Pate Stewart 91 is not responsible for unSan Francisco Frontispiece: SnowFencing Kitchen Cross? Margaret J. solicited manuscripts, but

Bofie, Dougan and Time, Day contributions. 98 welcomes Marcia Nichols HoiChicago and Loves the Ocean, Helen den 73 Who All manuscripts must be New York 101 Poetry Maring Page 93

accompanied by suffiMember, Audit Bureau of cient postage for delivery

Circulations and return.

CIRCULATION FOR THIS ISSUE: 90,000

66 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

7V berylliumnickel spring can be * bent twenty billion times before breaking, compared with two to three million times for steel and only 400,000 times for phosphor bronze.

'"Phe ear can detect a sound if it causes only a billionth of an atmosphere change in pressure.

Ctudents will be disappointed if they

M use caffeine or benzedrine to "pep up"in studying for exams. A series of

tests at Lawrence College found no evidence that students in general can improve their efficiency by the use of either drug.

is of the ocean depth averageHPhe OR EVERY height of the -*- five times the mean land on the earth. On the average the

land surface is almost three miles above the bottom of the deep sea. The highest land is the Antarctica continent

which averages about 6,000 feet abovesea level. SO DAYS

rTT drive a destroyer through the wa- * ter at 38 knots, about 44 miles an hour, takes 55,000 horsepower engines, but to drive these ships just half as fast requires only 4500 horsepower.

,o keep eggs longer at high quality Let Us Helprp* store in a hydrator in a refrigerator, tests at the Utah Agricultural ExperiKEEP YOUR CARment Station have shown. Eggs of A

grade stored in the cupboard in a weekbecame all C grade or worse; in an IN FIGHTING TRIM

in refrigerator, the containeropen OIL REFINING STATIONS CO. half UTAH

in the hydratwhile and half C,were B *l\ GASOLINE in its Dealers Products and percentor 95 were B grade.

of found 500 farms survey in Ohio4A Let's All Back the Attack with More and More War Bonds!* is that the output average per man

greater on large farms. The relative

efficiency in using labor between wellrun and poorly run farms varied about the same degree on large and small You can't afford to miss readfarms. The age of the farmer had a ing

great influence on production. MUSICFDR CHURCHES AND> BRIGHAM YOUNG simultaneously camera photo- A new SCHOOLS"*"* set the stars graphs clocks of a and for instrustocks are vocal carried Large and COLONIZER THE solos, orchestras. choirs, mental and bandsset time. Coordinating Greenwich on

governthe curtailment limited by but There Milton R. Hunter By Dr.the picphotographic land data with reof publishing the your music ment inis and

supplied. Mail quirements can be reasonably aerialtures region a mapping, from story The movement of a great filled for catalogues or write promptly ordersthen in located longiof can be terms lists. special and great leader by a of a

latitudetude to within and 40 or 50 OTHER VICTOR, CARRY AND COLUMBIA WE great people RECORDS. WELL KNOWN feet.

53.00 of inthe pianos manufacture and While band

discontinued struments 18 months ago by was Order from to conditions, the government, due war we still''"Phe has deRoyal Canadian Navy limited stocks of class of merchandise this have COMPANY pills to invite information further write prevent for or BOOKCRAFT * veloped which will and you 1465 State South sea cure or airsickness in three out of

Salt City Lake four cases. 4, Utah, 47 So.DAYNESMain St. MUSICSalt CD.Lake City

{ Concluded on page 68 FEBRUARY, 1944 67 T l E F A C T HIGH SPEEDS CUT TIRELIFE

CAR SPEED TIRE LIFE

20 MPH 50,000 MILES

30 MPH 35,000 MILES

35 MPH 30,000 MILES;

.''''.: 'm*—Arm (

40 MPHIlB ISHIHi25.000 mm /[<i2.

( 50 MPHi\W 8HHHHH18,000 MILES"

PICTOGRAPH CORPORATION

EXPLORING THE UNIVERSE

(Concluded from page 67) "Creshly injured or deformed plant

A large oak tree may support a popu- * cells do not resist high temperatures *"* lation of a million insects at one as well as normal cells, but they regain time, and rich forest soil may have fifty normal resistance in time.

| million insects to the acre.

the determine "TTemperature may trip! a pressure exerted the by wind HThe LANNING in of of * deposit hair the pigment * is miles moving hour 50 an about it the has with been mammals, shown Then com10 of area pounds an for your own square on one cat. rabbit Siamese and the Himalayan

the hair exposed to low fort, make your hotel resfoot,150 itbutbecomesat 10090.miles it is 40, and for Thetemperaturespart of the becomes black and

ervations early, giving, if "Putting a 2 percent solution of sodithecold body,necessaryvaryingdependsfrom on86theF. parton theof

teeth the of school on * um fluoride 32 just rabbit of the nose to F. above possible, the hour of arrichildren reduced percent the 40 deby other parts the of for some body. With

val and day of departure. cayrecentduringtests.the following year in some theaboutcat130the F.temperaturefor the earsrangesto 32*fromF.

on the back. And if you change your A midget walnutsized searchlight has * been developed project can which plans, please the help other fuel "triptane"named has been A new a visible 1,500 for candlepower beam * raising developed, of capable ennautical for miles 60 aviators use by fellow get a canroom by half gine that of again enover power forced at sea. down

gines burning 100octane gasoline. 4 celling your reservations > highest sand dunes in existence HPhe

thought * are soil Iran. in southern to be promptly.

rise their bases, 700 feet above They "**A deadlybacteria,poison,may beextracteduseful infromkilling and are six times as wide as they are rodents because tests found that instead

Jhank TJou! high.Sea reachMany300dunesfeet. in the Egyptian Sand itof killedkillingthe.germsmiceforinstead.mice as was hoped,

TELEFACT OUR FARM HOUSES OUT OF EVERY SEVEN FARM HOUSES

O *0 G "O *0 C tfft irfi i kL uft m & 2 NEED MAJOR REPAIRS O *0 > *G 0 *Q 0 *5 HAVE NO&GAS OR&ELECTRICITYit*

PICTOGRAPH CORPORATION

68 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

INDOOR

STORY... cod GARDENS &&myu GOOD

Du J\atkerine aljisdinaer

CtiLDREN love these little indoor story gardens. As a matter of

fact, a miniature garden may provide fun for the whole family on long, evenings.stayat-home

grocery box sawed iiLN these days when people are con- A large wooden down to about a 4- or 5-inch depth, the cerned about the supply of food, they outside of which is painted, makes an often wonder, too, about the quality. You need have no

adequate container. The inside will not concern on that point as to Irradiated Sego Milk. Concenshow except at the top, as the container trated and adjusted to a definite standard, it is, as always,

will be filled with earth to a halfinch uniformly rich in the food substances of milk. Sterilized in

of the top. Small stones or pebbles are the sealed container, it is surely free from harmful germs.

first in the the of placed bottom box ultraviolet extra provides Irradiated rays, Milk with Sego filled rich garis then with goodwhich is, to digest. for babies as always, easy even D and soil, preferably old vitamin an put throughden

sieve to make it soft and fine.

Once the children begin there is no "But will there be plenty for babies?"people are asking.

end to the discoveries they will make We think so. Our onetime salesmen are now all "service"

the things they can find to make these men engaged in seeing that grocers have Irradiated Sego story gardens grow—little ferns and Milk for babies—even asking grocers, if their

tree seedlings and pretty colored rocks, stocks should run low, to reserve a supply for objects on the whatnot shelf, things to their baby customers.

be made from modeling clay, paper, sticks and string. Small growing plants

give the miniature garden reality. SEGO MILK PRODUCTS COMPANY

One indoor story garden featured Originator of Evaporated Milk in the Intermountain West

Mistress Mary. Tiny flowering plants Plants at Richmond, Utah; Preston and Buhl, Idaho

were set in neat rows in the garden.

Little flat pieces of colored stones were used to make a flagstone walk; a white

picket fence and gate were cut from cardboard. A doll dressed to represent

the Mother Goose character completed this story garden. Her watering pot

clay. fromwas made

Stevenson's Louis poem, "Oh, 00 $u***b Robert

How I Like to Go Up in a Swing,"was also illustrated. The soil was hollowed

out to make a valley, a hill, and a river.

In the foreground there was a little

...you can recognize

the DISTINCTIVELY DELICIOUS FLAVOR of this marvelous syrup...TEA GARDEN DRIPS!

—Illustrated by John Henry Evans, Jr.

maple tree to which was attached a swing with pipe cleaner ropes holding..a girl made from pipe cleaners, yarn, IN USE For OVER FIFTY YEARS WE OFFER

and scraps from the piece bag. Aids in treatment of Canker, simple A COMPLETE

Blue grass seed was planted in the sore throat, and other minor mouth ENGRAVING SERVICE pasture, string with which was fenced cattle with from and throat irritations. From MissionaryCataloguesPortraits to the Largestand sticks and stocked

the dime store. Pebbles outlined the Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention

river river bank. streamer a The was OO. UTAH ENGRAVING Hall's Canker Remedy crepe blueof paper covered with St. Salt Lake City, Utah City, Utah 113 Regent cel536 East 2nd So.—at Salt Lake (Concluded 113) on page

FEBRUARY, 1944 69 a

e are J\eeper6 of By THE LIGHT LOIS CLARKE is No Prob/em A mong the most ancient of signals are "*"* mighty lighthouses. In his effort to

rival the stars, man hung these lights wft/> Me/ high in the heavens.

The great lighthouse at Alexandria,

Egypt, over four hundred feet high, built by King Ptolemy, is said to be the first ever built. At the top a brushwood

fire was kept burning throughout the night. Two thousand years ago this

marvelous tower blazed forth its cheer and warning to the mariners of Egypt.

Since then lighthouses have been built throughout the world. Today there are

over two thousand lighthouses in England alone, and over three thousand line the coasts of the United States.

President Leo J. Muir has written:

The light of seventy centuries illumines your pathway. Yet across that pathway

fall shadows that beguile and deceive.

Mystic shadows of pleasurelust

Dim shadows of ignorance Lurid shadows of sin.

To offset these black shadows a gracious Father has given us a great and

JiN these war times I can't always get just the fuel I'd like powerful lighthouse—the church, sendto use in my John Deere but I've no fuelproblem. ing forth its beams in all directions to

all reach people. of as members We, "I the church, see clearly our to salway

in can locality—whetheruse successfully justit's aboutpoweranyfuel,fueltractorthat'sfuel,availabledistilmy vation final exaltation, and all but

late, or gasoline. I can burn them all. around us are wandering lost travelers,

"I've been using the lowcost fuels ever since I bought my crying out in the darkness to be shown John Deere—because it's designed to burn them and it does the way. By helping them we may

burn them at a real saving in cash. strengthen our own testimonies, for

"By burning the lesscriticalfuels today, Ifigure I am doing "Whosoever in the darkness lighteth my patriotic duty, for I'm conserving badlyneeded gasoline anotheralso."with a lamp lighteth himself

for tanks, planes, and ships andfor necessary home use. As our most important task we have

"I'm mighty fortunate in owning a John Deere Tractor in the duty of guiding the young people of times like these."the church. While their lives are being

molded it is most important that they 1 HE owner of a John Deere Tractor is indeed fortunate. He refrain from wrongdoing, for as in the

can cooperate in a most effective and patriotic manner in the old example of the bent nail, though it be straightened, there will always a be still gasoline SACRIFICE and conservation of NOTHING spot. weak tractor. his doesn't of operation the in He EFFICIENCY OF

is Example a great teacher, that but tractor, to or his any in expense go to changes any have make will alone suffice. not It must be accomfuels gasoline. or powerful lowerpriced, in using more The panied careful, by painstaking guidance.

at effectiveness utmost operate to Deere made was on John is story sad that A of old an man—fuel, fuels, similar fuel, distillate, tractor and lowcost power leader in the found too church—who it fuel is available. that practically will any operate but on late life in that lost he half had his own

Yes, the John Deere owner, by using the lesscritical fuels, children in his anxiety to save other can do his patriotic duty with better performance and greater peoples* children.

economy and without detriment to long life and Today the light of the church shines continued, uninterrupted operation. brighter than it has ever shone before.

Talk to your John Deere dealer about tractors Never in the history of the world has and other equipment you need. the Lord been so generous in his distributionboy and ofeverythe holymanpriesthood.holding Everymemin the church qualify can for JOHN DEERE, Moline, Illinois t bershipthe priesthood. holding a man When

BUY MORE BONDS GET IN THE SCRAP theSaintpriesthoodgirl, that is marriesthe nucleusa Latterdayfor a Latter-day Saint family—the unit used by

the Lord to man his great lighthouse, theWechurch.have been appointed. We must

not fail! 70 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA PUT YOUR 7\ Tn <JJmawi6 TO u/niwWORK

Everything begins with an idea, and By RITCHIE WADDELL ideas are funny—they never work

unless you do.

Most of us have some dream we have nursed for a long time. Whether

it concerns better living, greater business success, or the seeking of more Thomas A. Edison contributed much

knowledge, there is but one logical thing to this world. His inventions have greatto do. Bring your dreams out into ly benefited mankind. Yet this great

reality. genius knew his moments of failure, the

doubts of friends, and the ridicule of called an "Impractical was others. He

his dreams many. Yetthat—mereSome of ourdreamsdreamsof will-o'-thewispare just exactly Dreamer"by

thoughts, while many others could be were all great ideas, calling on fargood ideas. The world today needs sighted vision, super knowledge and

many more new ideas, for when pracskill, and the will to make his ideas tical ideas are at work, both the inwork out.

dividual and the nation gain.

without today a telephone use We of democratic form Our American effort. Alexander or thought But much

people with freegovernment was once Bell, inventor, the gave much Brigham Young ihe Colonizer, by Dr. MilGraham

but a dream to a few brave men back effort and great thought to his "dream"ton R. Hunter, is a gripping, inspiring acthisin case, colonial In days. their of of the whole period pioneer of Morcarrying the human voice over a count

set idea, of liberty a becamedream wire. of authorihistory... book a source mon fosteredheld to and in growth by brave

men and courageous women. Their Bell had a dream at that time, which tative information and a capable interprestartled but the world, caused only built of independence on notdream was tation of events, policies, and achievefriends, his best great concern among hard backed andfaith and by action

work. who felt his telephone but the weird ments. Here's a book you will not want

dream of a great dreamer. to lay down until the last page is read. Everywhere in the world are outstanding examples of free men and naAll these men of "dreams"won out

tions, who have held to an idea or for many reasons. Their dreams were

ideas. reality solid practical list, and the books you la the check followingpolicy which sprang from the cradle of in

fill coupon, the library, out intelligence for your want home and with backed Whendreams.

order to us. Your this advertisement mail and realities. they work, hard became

All dreams are not the right or best In this period of American history, will be shipped to you promptly.

kind, which is why some other nations, many of us are old enough to be familiar The Gospel Kingdom $2.25

led by dreams of mad men, acquire the with the progress of the automobile inBy John Taylor idea of ruling by force or conquest and dustry. Thirtyfive years ago, the so- D The Gay Saint $2.50

create ruin ana chaos in a civilized called "horseless carriage"was a joke By Paul Bailey world. the California MorBrannan and Sam the people, to but who men many

$1.75 mons civilization bleak faces Although lost faith never "dreamed"up the idea

Bailey Paul By to the will notdays, back go the world grateful quit working. or a Today

$2.50 For This My Glory in thesocalled Ages. even For Dark their sucamazing world acknowledges Bailey Paul By countries, captured andoppressed cess.

$1.50 This and Always Day at are and Brave work.dreamers men real the Brothers were Wright The L. Richard Evans By continue the thousands bywomen inhistory. recent of to dreamers Few $1.50 Hills the Unto D liberty secretly of and workdream and scientists of a or ventors took more L. Evans Richard By

real bring to freedomopenly about pioaviation these verbal than panning $2.25 Standards Gospel arrives. time the opportunewhen fly neers to could dared say men Grant who Heber J. By

So get busy on your dreams. Haul in planes. In the Gospel Net $1.25

them out of their hidden closet and let Aviation has come a long way from By John A. Wiatsoe

them face the light of commonsense the Wright Brothers'dream. It would Evidences and Reconciliations $1.85

reasoning. If your plan is good, put it take a brave person who would try to By John A. Widtsoe

into action. Work at it and live with it predict the panorama of changes the Signs of the Times $1.25

until it works out. You will truly enjoy world may see in future aviation. By Joseph Fielding Smith

the effort of trying. So if your dream is sensible, and Way to PerfectionBy Joseph Fielding Smith $1.25

or our dreams all of us can make Not large purpose, serves a practical Colonizer $3.00 the or Brigham Young

failure materialize, theplans but worst true. Milton R. Hunter start small, By Dr. it come now to make

in the world is the one who never starts. It was never intended for all dreams to

From our early American history, be successful, or all men to be touched ORDER NOW WHILE STOCKS AREdown to the present day, there are many with genius, so don't expect every idea AVAILABLE splendid examples of men and women to be great, or every dreamer a wizard. THE BOOKCRAFT CO.

who have made their dreams come It has been said that a business or14G5 South State, Salt Lake City 4, Utah true. ganization is but the lengthened shadow Please send the books checked above.

$ Check or money order individual, Lincoln one a log of from meaning that behind came up Abraham enclosed. intelfirms, realized the character to thecabin and White House. many He Please send C.O.D.his dreams by hard work and holding ligence of one man or woman is the

to his ideals. guiding light or strength of that organiNAME

Robert Fulton with his dream of a zation. These successful business perADDRESS

steamboat braved scorn and ridicule to sons have had their dreams, too.

prove his idea was sound and successUnwrap your dreams and live. Work Your orders will receive immediate attention.

ful. hard and start now.

FEBRUARY, 1944 7i

JL.

a

j4.

GREAT CRESCENDO

ORDER WHILE

THEY'RE AVAILABLE VICTORYBONHAM & ffm/S. &rou/n

GARDEN life of the Prophet Joseph a parlance, The Smith was, in musicalCULTIVATOR of fourcrescendo. great As a boy

F.O.B. Factory teen, he was groping in the darkness,

his Bible. Therein guide butTHE CULTIVATOR WITH THE no TOOL BAR Shipping weight 18 lbs. with his obscurely, rather gleaming,Males was gardening EASIER BETTER. and

Ideal or neighborhood. for individualAnor extremelygroup projectsversatile...toolChurch... only star of hope. It had been placed

outstanding for number and ease of adjustments. there by the Apostle James many years

includesSTANDARD EQUIPMENT one 5-prong weeder, one one 10inch turn plow and sweep. before. But in his endeavor to reach

Tools interchangeable. tools available forcibly Other star, brought that on Joseph was

request. of great the in contact power with

Allelectric allsteel construction; welded frame,

it. being darkness, almost overcometod! by bar shank; reinforced and and hardwood

steelhandles for long and bushing wearing hub This was for a purpose, for he was lifeassure long service. and dependable

about to commence that wonderful work which had been waiting for him.

His Father in heaven suffered him to be thus treated, before coming to his rescue, that he might teach Joseph what great power the evil one really had. This

ORDER—NOW forgotten. to lesson never a be was DIRECT ORDER FROM St. Salt Late CityCO.4, Utah 17th SouthBONHAM THE222 West

in that contrast to moment, dark Then THE Cultivator. MANUFACTURER Please Model send New C of into presence the taken was Joseph

(or) D. Send C. O. ASK OR YOUR see being his to two Maker,

|| or enclosed. check order money $ OR HARDWARE the of Father members Godhead—thepermitted NURSERY DEALER exthe Son. a wonderful and WhatNAME Back Money Guarantee for perience a so young, and what boy

ADDRESS. an awakening.

Joseph now had in his possession knowledge greater than any other living person. He knew and had talked with

"the only true God and Jesus Christ whom he had sent."Is this not life

eternal?

This was the first beautiful chord of that great crescendo. Joseph no longer

had to imagine and wonder what God really was, for he was now beginning to see the real depths of darkness from which he was emerging. No doubt he

was shocked at the disbelief of his old friends, but he was unshaken by their scoffing and ridiculing, yet grieved that he could not convince them of their error in opposing a message from their

God, whom they knew not.

Joseph heard the next beautifully sustained chord when he was entertained by a messenger from heaven.

What a feast that must have been. The

whole night through he was enlightened on thej meaning of the prophecies of those men of God who had spoken

God's word centuries before. And his

instructor was none other than the keeper of another record which also contained the fulness of the gospel. Direct

from the other world, Moroni surely must have filled Joseph's heart with inexpressible joy. Then how anxiously he

must have looked for each succeeding rendezvous with his heavenly friend during the next four years. With each

visit the tempo increased, and his soul was enlarged by the added knowledge of the plan of salvation.

Faster and faster the movements came. A translation—a publication—

(Concluded on page 113) "Photograph by Jeano Orlando

NOW'

is the season for the trucking out &fcow FENCIN

Of the snow fences, strung with strategy

Across the fields, to make a firm redoubt Against the blizzard that is yet to be. TIME

The road must be kept open at all cost

Through coming winter's threatened arrogance,

Or go untraveled and the cause be lost; MARCIA

Snowdrifts cannot be left to happenstance. NICHOLS

And never have we needed more, the flow HOLDEN

Of thinking minds, pathfinders for the thoughts,

Kept unimpeded by confusion's snow

When violence attempts to storm the forts;

To keep the highways of our freedom clear,

Set up the storaged fences well, this year.

FEBRUARY, 1944 73

THE

IKeliaions Arttituded OF NOTED MEN

By LEON M. STRONG

N The Religious Digest of February, 1940, the following important men i are quoted:

Dr. Howard A. Kelly, gynecologist:

I believe Jesus Christ to be the Son of

God, without human father, conceived by the Holy Ghost, born of the Virgin Mary.

C. T. Schwarze, professor in the College of Engineering, New York University:

I have yet to find an attack on Scripture that is based on even a semblance of fact.

Therefore, the Bible's testimony to the dire need of sinful mankind and of the Lord

Jesus Christ as the only possible Savior is established truth. I have experienced this,

for he is my Savior. On the other hand,

man's unproved philosophies of life (often falsely parading as science) have nothing for needy souls, for they have no Savior.

Vaughn R. Shoemaker, cartoonist for

the Chicago Daily News:

I was simple enough to accept the simple gospel and accepted Jesus Christ as my

Coming up, Buster... coming up sorry.Savior.HavingTo thishad daylittle Ieducationhave neveror naturalbeen

There's some 'FelsNaptha Soap on the way to you, ability,cartoonistfor Ianymustsuccessgive I credithave gainedto God.as aI

wouldn't dare start a day without first startright now. And you can bet Mother and her grocer ing in on my knees, with God beside my

drawingboard. I gain wisdom from him.

will see that you get your share.

Dr. Thomas M. Durant, associate

professor of Internal Medicine at TemConfidentially, Buster, we don't blame you for ple University, Philadelphia, writes:

being impatient. We know you have to have lots curativeThe Wordprescriptionof Godfor alonesuch suffering.contains.the..

I that as the hes a physician, he praise Lord of clothes. We know they must be extra clean. So his testifying privilege to of the given me

we know how important FelsNaptha is to you! saving grace and keeping power.

William T. Gray, president of the

GrayGarfield-Lange, Inc., advertising

If Mother looks for FelsNaptha whenever illustrators, Detroit, exults:

she is marketing, most times she'll The Savior said and still says, "Come unto me all ye that labor and are heavy be able to get it. And if she buys laden and I will give you rest."Throughout my business life, regardless of its

perplexities, fluctuations always I have and just what she needs—and doesn't strength from ultimate came felt that my

waste always have that one source which is the same yesterit—you'll day, today, and forever.

plenty of your favorite soap. Paul King, member of the National

Academy of artists, unhesitatingly asserts:

My mother was a sincere Christian woman and I was brought up in the fear of the

Lord, which I have always retained. I

firmly believe that the Lord Jesus Christ for my sins and was raised again forFELSNAPTHA SOAP banishesTattleTale Gray"mydiedjustifications.

74 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

czLivicolvij <=JJoLiaia5, and /jo$eph Smitk

(I5u J-reiident Meber /4. Ljrant

Perhaps no other people in all the world look upon Abraham Lincoln as an inspired servant of God, a man raised up by God to occupy the presidential chair, as much as do the Latterday Saints.

In the early days of the church, Joseph Smith utilized the services of Stephen A. Douglas, who

was then a country judge in Illinois, Nauvoo at the time being the largest city in the state of Illinois.

Among other things, the Prophet said to Judge Douglas

Judge, you will aspire to the presidency of the United States; and if you ever turn your hand against me or

the Latterday Saints, you will feel the weight of the hand of Almighty God upon you; and you will live to see

and know that I have testified the truth to you, for the conversation of this day will stick to you through life.

This was in 1 844, only a short time before the martyrdom of the Prophet Joseph Smith.

Stephen A. Douglas saw fit, later, during his campaign for the presidency of the United States, to

make a speech against the Mormon people, in which he said some flagrantly untrue things which he knew to be false.

Stephen A. Douglas undoubtedly felt much as the great Caesar felt, who undertook to set at naught

the statement of the lowly Nazarene that Jerusalem should not be rebuilt until the times of the gentiles were fulfilled. He took his great armies, his cohorts that had conquered the world, and called upon the

Jews to return to Jerusalem and rebuild it. The infidel Gibbon, in his Decline and Fall of the Roman

Empire, states that great balls of fire burst forth from the foundation stones and drove the workmen away, and Caesar had to abandon his attempt to rebuild Jerusalem. When it came to the time of his

passing away, he had to acknowledge that the meek and lowly Nazarene had triumphed.

Stephen A. Douglas, no doubt, felt absolutely certain that he had the presidential chair within his

grasp, and, with that assurance in his mind and heart, he thought he would prove that Joseph Smith was a false prophet. So he discussed the Mormon question. Douglas was a most eloquent man. I know he

was eloquent, for I have read some of his speeches in the celebrated debates between Lincoln and Douglas, and I remember being profoundly impressed with what I read. I remember, too, that the manager of

Lincoln's campaign told Lincoln that if he insisted upon debating upon certain subjects he was sure to be defeated. And yet Lincoln did insist upon it and said:

If he commits himself, which I am sure he will, in a certain way, in answering these points that we are to debate, it will defeat him from ever sitting in the presidential chair.

I do not believe that Lincoln at the time he sacrificed his ambition to be a senator and allowed

Stephen A. Douglas to win, thought that he might himself some day become the president of these United

States. But, in the providence of the Lord, he was the man raised up to defeat Stephen A. Douglas. The

Latterday Saints believe that absolutely.

The Deseret News published Mr. Douglas'speech, and Orson Hyde, who was present at the interview when that which I have referred to was said by the Prophet, announced to Stephen A. Douglas, in

a letter published in The Deseret News, that he had defeated himself; for he had undertaken to stand

up and proclaim against the prophecy uttered upon him by the Prophet Joseph Smith. At the same time The

Deseret News published an editorial announcing that Douglas had sealed his own doom, and that he would be disappointed.

It was generally understood here by the men then living, was commonly talked about and was published in The News, that Douglas had taken a stand whereby he would be defeated, and that he would die, as the Prophet said he would, a disappointed man. In less than a year from the day that he was defeated

he passed away from this life, although a comparatively young man.

Every Latterday Saint believes that Abraham Lincoln was raised up and inspired of God, and that he had reached the presidency of the United States under the favor of our Heavenly Father.

I quote from an editorial on Lincoln which appeared in The Deseret News several years ago:

What inspiration there is in the life and work of this immortal figure! Born in the backwoods, he came from

humble folk and humble surroundings. Keeping close to the great breast of mother earth, he found a strength and a

sweetness unknown to many men. He came to manhood and his career with an open mind, susceptible to the promptings of the omnipotent; and in response to this attitude he found that God was ever on his side to help him in the

noble endeavors which he made for the good of humanity. If ever a man seemed inspired and fortified by a power

above his own, to do the work he was called upon to do, Lincoln was that man. And to his credit be it said that he

had the courage to do his duty no matter what sacrifice or pain it might entail. In the end he gave even his life.

The outstanding keynote of Lincoln's character was his determined stand for law and order. (Deseret News

February 11, 1928.)

Jhe (Lsditov* $ J-aqe FEBRUARY, 1944. 75

Men of Science.

'QUIRY INTO THE PRODUCTION OF SUPERIOR MEN.By RICHARD T. WOOTTON 'ONCERNING PROFESSOR E. L. ThORNDIKE'S INIt "T TTAHthe stateseacs ofathe* cantion,scientistsclassifyingfor themthe CarnegieaccordingFoundato the isthethirtychartpercentaccompanyingbeyond thethissecondarticle.place

>—'union in number state of their origin. state and double the national average.

scientific of born men corroborative Further evidence aphigh state stand so would any That in there proportion in for to pears Scientific Monthly The surprising, others and be above may it is rethe population, article in 1943, Professor an by May, it will all states that be of would Utah analysis of vealed an by Origin called Thorndike of Su- "The little to short of astounding be manyoo -- SciAmerican of Men perior autographed of (an copy Men"It will therefore while people. 1 worth be assertion ence,"This its to presented author which by was differences this inquiry: to make What Science was by made of of council the Albert Smith George reare states other and between Utah Letter, August News in the twelve), Thorndike Dr. which its of for higher production sponsible

is 31, 1940, based and notes scientists?

upon research of Dr.

that the protherefore conclude may We intermountain England Thorndike, L. The Edward New

TOO is acsurely duction of superior not an men in reof on the professor emeritus andchart—are states—high it affiliation slight that cident, only has a severe climates, stimulating with psycholoeducational

it is related the gions closely to that with income, in Is difference the changeable. College, and Teachers gy, residing in of persons kind England New

Columbia University, and in the block formed by Colorado, Idaho, climate responsible in itself? Although

who surveyed AmeriNorth Dakota, South Dakota, Utah and climate may have an influence, several

Wyoming, from 1870 to 1900, and that these states with comparable climates, New persons probably diverged from the average York and Michigan, for example, are of the country toward the qualities which not above average. It is also obvious

to read, learn in persons gradu1930 make almost climates states that with some school, public funds ate high spend from it are well to on Utah's on identical below libraries sewers, roads rather and than own cliColorado. chart; notably the While free their homicide, homes, avoid be from

syphilis, etc.... mate may have an influence upon

achievement, it does not likely account

The margin by which Utah leads for Utah's lead.

other states is illustrated strikingly on Pioneer stock might be expected to produce generations of more than average ability. Is it therefore an inherited

difference between Utahns and people of other states? Probably not, partly

because many states were also built by pioneering people, for example, Wash1Editor of American Men of Science, 1. McKeen

Cattell, also editor of Science, the official organ of the American Association for the Advancement of Science, says of the men in the book: "Efforts have been

made to include all living Americans who have contributed to the advancement of science, the standards being nearly the same as for fellowship In the American Association for the Advancement of Science or membership in the national scientific societies having research as a qualification."As to the volume's purpose, he states, "My original interest in this work

of reference was to secure data for a statistical study of the conditions, performances, traits, etc.. of 8

large group of men of science."

MEN OF ACHIEVEMENT

In a survey comparable to his "Men of Science,"Dr. Thorndike went to

"Who's Who,""Leaders in Education,"and to "American Men of Science"to determine the origin of what he described with the broader term "Men of Achievement."

Utah, with 857 such persons born per million white population from 1890 to 1900, led the national average by a wide margin.

76 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ington and Oregon among others, per number enrolled, it was only 1.02%

which produce only half as many sciabove the western average, although Richard T. Wootton, '38-'39 edentists in proportion as Utah. It could 8.75% above the national. itor of the University of Utah

have been the inherited intellect of the In 1910, the census year closest to Chronicle and former missionary to corporal in the England, aparticular now scientists in these pioneer the the New were people whom 3 when inthe man's forces, has armed young of schools, attracted church to Utah. in number was not first UtahMormon

spirit. three quisitive years About scientific in capita there present instructors per studentsHowever, is no and

in statement Science a read he ago that technical universities, colleges, as actuevidence and a whole Utahns started Letter him an which on News ally native led it higher average schools. have and do Colorado by 21.4%, exunusual investigation promising

mentality than people of other states. in expenditure per student and instruccitement for the price of some extenIt appears highly probable that entor in schools of higher education, Colosive and persistent correspondence.

vironmental influences are almost wholrado led Utah by 22.4%. Therefore, He assembles the returns here, and

ly responsible for Utah's lead on the while Utah had one of the nation's betappends a conclusion or two which chart, leaving this question: What enter school systems in these respects, it may in turn start some inquiries.

vironmental influences? did not have first place, let alone any

In years when the men of science lead equal to its phenomenal position in were being schooled, the Utah educamen of science. only in Utah, suggests the church as an

tional system was largely operated by If better schools in Utah were reexplanation of its lead. In being the

the church, and the relatively high sponsible for Utah's margin over others home of the Mormons, as well as in standing of this educain scientists, then apparently it is not scientist production, Utah is in a class tional system among the because the schools were superior in by itself. It seems a reasonable hypostates of the union is number of students and instructors or thesis that no less than Utah's lead over

well known. Is any suamount spent on education, but could the second place state could have been

periority of it over be only because of better teaching or caused directly by the influence of the those of other states remore diligent learning. If schools are Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

sponsible for Utah's the answer, one would still have to look Saints."

lead in production of for influences beyond them to explain scientists in proportion why the teaching was better or the An examination of the 28,000 entries to the population? learning more diligent. * in American Men of Science proIn the year 18991900 The role of the Mormon church in vided a list of the men born in Utah, to

(the census year closits development is the most outstanding whom letters and questionnaires were est to when the men difference between Utah and other ( Concluded on page 126) of in science states sociologically. such were In the year when

states ), eight schools the of average science of the men were of 2"Iscientificdo notmen.know Possiblywhy Utahthe wasselectionso highof inits thepopulacase

tion tribulation devotion of endurance by to an higher were than born, about Utah people of Utah's 1 895, 75% ideal to deal student had with it. do a good Mormon andA in capita expendiper were Mormons. all phases Almost plural of of of the that psychology opinion marriages was

of the opportunity generation older for the an gave for state ture schools. social the environment aspects of were

abler children, proportion of produce a larger men In percentage of school planning. Politics, education, Mormon in there that."Dr. and be something Thorndike mayto

age enrolled in school, and home life were somewhat shaped to in a letter to Gerald L. Ericksen. chaplain, A. U.S.

Utah's standing was the Latterday Saint Christian ideal. evensChurchgreaterinfluencepart of mayUtah'shavetotalbeenscientistresponsibleproduction,for an only.21% greater than A comparison of Utah with other since Utah produced under some conditions which were

Cattell that probably handicaps. showed by A study the of states significantly the average it, but having below

cities in proportion scientists to their produce more practically states. In western all the influnum- same possibly rural populations areas. than do research The same

In also scientists revealed that the of nation as 43% professional ber in daily attendance ential factors as Utah—same climate, a from of or business whole come homes

mixed mining and agricultural employpeople. Since this is out of all proportion to the

it is this class in percentage the total of population, ment, even higher ranking state schools evident that either such homes, heredity, home by college and systems, educational environment, greater opportunity, educational and or a factors, far combination of these produce more progressive pioneer populace—the entists of vocational classes. than other homes Howsci-

same, that is, except for ever, of only parents scientists of had Mormon the Mormon 27% church influence which was effective collegeto 50% educationof the nonMormonor professionalones fromvocation,Utah in(accordingcontrast to the results of a survey conducted by the writer and explained further in this article), and the majority of them came from farm homes. In the nation as a

whole, reports the Cattell survey, farm homes were among the least conducive to scientific achievement.

Mormon scientists may have become such in spite of rural environment.

Utah also had the relative handicap of being greatly outdistanced in amount spent per pupil and instructor and in the number of students and instructors in propor-r tion to population in colleges, universities, and technical schools, Colorado being approximately ahead 20% of iq these respects. Utah influence church However,

may have resulted in these factors ceasing to be deferents to scientific achievement or may have more than compensated by its influence for their deterent effect.

Therefore, since church influence may have been responsible for even more of Utah's standing, it is well on the conservative side to postulate that at least over Colorado was caused by the Mormon

MEN OF SCIENCE

As reported by Dr. E. L.

Thorndike of Columbia University, the number of scientists born in Utah per million population for the period 1890 to 1900, as listed in the 193S edition of "American Men of Science,"represents a lead of thirty percent over the next highest state and is double the national average.

FEBRUARY, 1944 77 THE

ANCIENT MOUND AT

NINEVEH, SEEN FROM THE SOUTH AFTER CROSSING THE TIGRIS RIVER

Photo Underwood

& Underwood

full front with valiant bear the a brunt To cities desert the plains, the and of and From to Poverty Wealth of still stroke every and onset of Fate, were possibly seen the had tombs and pyrfairest the of things. best and (From an to amids the first of Egypt, the and TTurning chapter customs of knew Job, ancient Arabian poem.)

of the faroff of people India read trials China. and the about we sorand

A man of extensive learning, he could rows that came to him. In words of pure

have known about the great libraries of eloquence, the tragedy of his life is

Carlyle once wrote: Nineveh in Assyria and the extensive seen. Thomas irrigation system of Babylon and I call of the the Book one grandest of Job in There was the land of a man Uz, whose Chaldea. of The Book shows him Job things ever written It with is a pen. our that and Job; was perfect was man been to have a of character oldest statement of the neverending upright, and nameand that and one feared God, and outlook noble religious on destiny and man God's way evil. manlife—a firstproblem—man's eschewed

with this in here him sole object is earth. his to whose nothing, There was work way there And were born unto sons seven him

I think, in the it, Bible or out of of equal to back God. three and daughters.

literary merit. a poet Job was and sage who His substance also seven was thousand

lived possibly after the downfall of strife, the Judah arduous the eternal knew He sheep, three and camels, thousand five and in the sixth century B.C. the But time to matthe is which triumph of all good hundred five of oxen, yoke and she hundred

little. ters truly was religious in a He soul sacrifice, labour and asses, without very a and great household; that so given—highlaws

ancient Israel and to the gave world to pause, what the death. even this the greatest all of was man the of menVictor called greatest Hugo master- "The the east.

piece of the human mind."Among his many possessions were And his sons went and feasted in their

fine houses, his every horses one his day; and imagine sent driving and we and is of of the one greatThe Book Job called for their sisters three to to eat his chariots and to to other and down Egypt allest time. of books centuries Written drink with them. foreign countries. horses of those The

itbefore Christ its born, it takes was so, the And was their of when days large if days strong were and judge we feastingplace the masterpieces with were ancient about, of that gone sent and Job the pictures them by the shown on old sanctified them, rose and in early as as up thedays It well of those today. deals sculptures Assyrian the description and morning, offered and offerings burnt accordwith the life most profound of problem in the thirtyninth given chapter the of ing to the all: of number for them said, Job living problem which every soul has—a

It of Job: that Book be may sons sinned, have and mythought about: the righteous do "Why cursed in their hearts. God did Thus Jobsuffer?"question This has been asked the his given thou Hast horse continually. might?

with passionate intensity by thinking Hast thou clothed his neck with the quiverNow there was a day when the sons of men of every generation and race. The ing mane? God came to present themselves before the

grandeur of the old Hebrew religion is Hast thou made him to leap as a locust? Lord, and Satan came also among them.

its powerful idea of right and wrong, The glory of his snoring is terrible. And the Lord said unto Satan, Whence

in the valley, rejoiceth and in his comest He paweth thou? Satan Then the answered evil, itgood the and which makes most

strength. Lord, said, and to going fro in From andspiritual religion its moral and of day. to out the earth, goeth the meet armed He men. and from walking in and up down writers thinkSome a was that Job it. is fear at mocketh not and dismayed; He

wealthy man of some Arabian tribe, Neither turneth he back from the sword. And the Lord said unto Satan, Hast thou

who had influence and power. He may He swalloweth the ground with fierceness considered my servant Job, that there is

have been a Hebrew in exile, or may and rage; none like him in the earth, a perfect and an

have lived m some vale of Palestine Neither standeth he still at the voice of the upright man, one that feareth God, and trumpet. evil? escheweth his flockswith in herds, and and come

the as trumpet As oft saith. soundeth he Satan Then answered the said, Lord, andcontact the with of merchants the Far Aha! fear Doth for Job nought? GodEast, their as they brought the to wares off, smelleth the he far battle Hast And not thou an made hedge him, aboutMediterranean old of Sea the by way of thunder the captains the his The and shoutand about house, all and about that he

trade routes. He knew the tribes of the ing. hath on every side? Thou hast blessed the

78. THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

BOOK OF JOB or S>vUDmwtelP Jaitk J4%rama

his of hands, work and his substance is in- d-Ju president <=JLeul Cdaar i/jonna land. in the creased

touch thine forth hand now, and put But to OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY thee all curse hath, that he will he and thy face.

And the Lord said unto Satan, Behold, all himpower; only that is in thy he hath upon Job asked the Lord why he had to "From his first word to his last,"says thine hand. went not forth self put So Satan

forth from the presence of the Lord. suffer. God did not explain, but he did Dr. Alphonzo Smith, "he holds us in a

And there was a day when his sons and give to the anguished spirit such a sort of spell not merely because he his daughters were eating and drinking wine "sense of the divine greatness questionspeaks for us, but because he is enin their eldest brother's house: ing ceased in the peace of submission."dowed with a range and adequacy and

And there came a messenger unto Job, He did not answer the interrogation of wizardry of utterance beyond the reach and said: The oxen were plowing, and the the mind, but he satisfied the profound of any mortal that ever traversed that

them: feeding beside asses spirit. lights half region of found of the dim to and tried Job finally fell took yearnings and upon them the Sabeans And

grief, his tell true Pain, is. In he saw."meaning sorrow out what life's what slain servants the yea, have they them away;

with the edge of the sword; and I only am sufferings he caught a vision of the are given in words that stir the reader

escaped alone to tell thee.... power and wisdom of God. He found to the depths, and anyone who has beWhile he was yet speaking, there came life by giving his life. come conversant with Christian literaalso another, and said, The Chaldeans made ture will hold in his heart forever such

out three bands, and fell upon the camels, HPhree of Job's friends come to visit sayings as:

slain yea, carried and away, have them and * him, for sorof his heard they had

I will slay trust in he me, yet Though the the sword; the servants edge of with trials. is It hardly rows and worth

tell I thee. to alone only escaped and am individualize to while these men. While is is witness in heaven, record and my him.My there speaking, yet came he While was

also another, and said, Thy sons and thy there were minor differences, they were on high.

daughters were eating and drinking wine in all unanimous in the conviction that For I know that my redeemer liveth and their eldest brother's house: Job had committed some terrible crime that he shall stand at the latter day upon the

And, behold, there came a great wind and would not confess it. But in their earth.

after skin, though destroy worms And my the wilderness, four the and from smote talk, to to he words compelled Job, was

I flesh shall yet body, see God. in my it fell the of the house, corners and upon himself, to the this defend thus and made I that the take; knoweth he But way I are dead; they only and and men, young last of spirchapters the sort of a book I tried shall hath he forth as when come me tell thee. to alone escaped am itual autobiography. are His thoughts gold. rent mantle, his arose, and Then Job

in couched grand. soaring words and (Concluded on page 125) fell his head, upon shaved and and down

the ground, and worshipped.

And said, Naked came I out of my mother's womb, and naked shall I return thither:

the Lord gave, and the Lord hath taken away, blessed be the name of the Lord. HAIFA AND THE

In all this Job sinned not, nor charged God BAYPALESTINEOF AKKA, foolishly.

The old Judaic conventional idea of Photo& UnderwoodUnderwood life was that virtue and goodness are rewarded by wealth and honor, while evil and wrong are punished by Jehovah. If a man suffered sickness or misfortune, he must be a sinner; if he enjoyed all the blessings of this life, he

was good and virtuous. The poem of

Job is a protest against this convention of theology. Job, a rich man and blessed

with a large family, was suddenly stricken by misfortune. His sons and

daughters perished in a storm, which wrecked the house where they were assembled; a thunderbolt destroyed his

sheep; while his camels, oxen, and asses

were carried off by robbers. He himself was smitten by leprosy, so that he

became loathsome to his friends and even to his wife. His faith in God, however, was always steadfast. When he

heard of his losses, he said: "The Lord

giveth and the Lord hath taken away, blessed be the name of the Lord."Even

when his wife bade him curse his

Maker, he replied: "What! Shall we

receive good at the hand of God, and shall not receive evil?"

FEBRUARY, 1944

Jke CONSECRATION

recent treatise on the United Order expresses wonderment that

Brigham Young and his associatesdeferredA for a quarter of a century their MOVEMENT efforts to establish in Utah the social order described in the revelations of the Prophet Joseph, and the opinion is that theocracy Young'sexpressed was by. *jrox} PH.D. in the earlier periodso powerful of &J %

Utah history that there was no need of PRESIDENT L D. S. BUSINESS COLLEGE

resort to Joseph Smith's program to of the obedience the rank andcommand reTullidge, of explanationfile. 1 The

ferring to the cooperative movement Be it known by these presents. That I, there to be found a monetary considerabeginning about 1868, is quoted with Jesse W. Fox, of Great Salt Lake City, in tion. As a matter of fact, none of the

the territory Salt of county Great Lake, and Tullidge:approval. Says property described schedules in the was

for of in consideration of Utah, the and sum actually transferred. ever Why then, dollars the hundred goodand one this of of ($100) reasons The delay were—first, ever they were acknowledged, drawn, I will of the to Jesus which Church have extraordinary circumunfavorablethe and

stances of the Mormon people during that Christ of Latterday Saints, give and conand recorded? Before attempting to

period. There was the exodus from Nauvey to Brigham Young, Trustee in Trust answer this query, we may profitably

voo and then the peopling of these numerfor said Church, his successors in office and set down some pertinent facts.

ous valleys with the tens of thousands of assigns, all my claim to and ownership of destitute immigrants from Europe. They the followingdescribed property, towit: HPhough it may never be known ex-

* fruitto into desert also the convert ahad reactly deeds were many how lot 6, lot being house block 60 and One field.ful their condition of might law The it is certain the that corded, movement City, plat Salt value Great C, Lake in Lincoln's well expressed beenhave conrecord churchwide. of Books was 'lot said of house and $1000 die."or injunction—"Root, hoghomely official taining copies these of deeds lot, in city plat being platted E, as One therefore, to the period not was,This one

in 6, Elder, lot 2, 100 value found been have block Weber, Box theestablish of the such Order Zion—for 1, lot plat 12, 5-acre half block of East Sanpete, Millard Tooele, Utah, and to effectiveof Enoch"open"Order is—nor 50 A for counties. Cache. Record books period preparatory probationaryly and a

1, plat, contain14, block Lot Jordan Salt Beaver, Lake, Davis, Summit, Juab, cooperative plan prudentwith upon some acres, 75 ing nine value of the as the country monied Iron, arewhich counties men Washington and calves 65 cows, $50; $15 two Two unite."the could people aswell positive missing. have However, we colt, 150 mare, one $100; $50 One

all in that recorded proof deeds were clock, 32 watch, one $20; $12 One of cooperastudent Another Mormon

these counties Summit, except Cache, bedding, Clothing, and beds $300; istion quoted:

is presumption the 425 Beaver, and and $125

Nothing is more remarkable than the fact One stove, $20; household furniture, strong that deeds were made by resithat during this time the Mormons found $210 230 dents of these counties, although direct

no time in their activities for the United evidence is lacking. It appears to have

Order.3 Total $2127 been a rule that recorded deeds be sent

all rights, privileges the with office Trusteein-Trust. the to the of to Together referred It author the will surprise

or thereunto belonging appurtenances and carrysixty-three deeds hundred Three that learn to others Brighamand many I agree also appertaining. covenant and dates recording ing of and and numbers establish to effort an did makeYoung I of claimant that lawful the and owner am rethe several signatures of county the social Prophet of order Josephthe forever will warrant said property and and

file histhe are church corders with on in hissaid the Trustee Utah's the of the unto defendwithin first decade same tory. Why a movement4 resultedthat occasionedin the reTrust,against histhe successorsclaims of inmyofficeheirs,andassigns,assigns,or torian,will be whofoundbelieveswhen certainthat manyunclassifiedmore of sermons,scores

cording of hundreds of deeds, and ocany person whomsoever. materials can be examined. Only surcupied the attention of the Saints for (Signed) Jesse W. Fox names beginning with "B"and "R"(a

in collection the few) are found Witnesses now almost wholyears have shouldseveral the of deeds in I know two Henry McEwan available. is historians notice of thely escaped

Bollwinkel of them a possession found John M. man who explain. to easynot

It pile. turn in rubbish years a ago may the misrepresents moveStenhouse of Territory Utah origthe that of documents out many it of the evidence as presents Salt of Great Lake Countyment and

the office the inally Trusteeof to sent to agof Brigham Youngmachinations I, the of Court Probate E. Smith, Judge lost. scattered and been inTrust have that his of signer certify for the the property of said county, himself tograndize

is found of Brigham Young deed The to transfer, me, personally the above known his support followers.credulous To

in Records, Pioneer of Deeds, Book April, this of A.D. second A appeared day quotes a deedfalsehoods, Stenhouse

Office, Recorder's p. he, Lake County that of his own Saltexecuted

transfer. by5 my paternal grandfather, choice,1857, andexecutedacknowledgedthe foregoing apkind of this other 249. deed Noas follows:

book, but record in the pears same E. Smith, we

iAllen, United Order Second The to such references thirtytwo Among the MorNotary Public have 4748. 10. 118 mons, pp. transfers. For other recorded deeds in City, p. 386 Lake History of Salt

the Mormons."3Gardner, "Communism Among transin example: italics have added been Woodruff Wilford words in The

xxxvii, 157 Journal of Economics, Quarterly Smith, to the of land give to ferring a piece Stenhouse, presumably to John P. to by references find will reader many *The interested

affairs in the unity in temporal consecration and the fol17, 1857, includes of conformity appearance September the Journal document 18531856 legal "which of title. lowing words, was consecrated to ordinary conveyance Stenhouse. B. H. Saints, T. Mountain of s Discourses,77ie Rocky

is also found in Sindeed 501502 (1873). The pp.

Ill Phil Robinson, p. (1883). ners and Saints, See theI haveperiodexamined18551862,hundredsknownof deedsin theof tothustheestablishingTrusteein-Trustthe factJulythat9, he1856,"had Roberts. the Church, History also Comprehensive of

seems Roberts, 489 p. (1930). who Vol. V, the to consecration executed of a deed of deeds or deeds as church to be records

of 185560 consecrations extensive of the unaware is date giving the Trusteein-Trust single and consecration, not a one and in the of 1857. instead to 1875 ascribes deed

80 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA when such deed was executed.* It is witnesses, and acknowledge before a

known from existing deeds that records notary.

missing from the Salt Lake County

Recorder's Office included Books B, C, An showsexaminationthat it wasof theordinarilyschedulesthe andD.

For counties where books of record intent of the maker to transfer title to are still preserved we have determined all his possessions, including personal the exact number of deeds recorded. property like firearms, tools, and bedBy finding the highest serial number on ding. Practice was not uniform in the

existing deeds for counties like Salt transfer of property by a person owning

Lake, where official record books are land in more than one county. Presimissing, we may ascertain at least the dent Young's deed, recorded in Salt

minimum number of deeds presented Lake County, includes a house and for record. farm at Manti. Ezra T. Benson made

title transfer of for the deeds separate all presents I (see page 120) Table Salt in and Tooele properties his to of extent the data available shows and C. Charles respectively. counties, Lake the in participation of deeds the making in both property Rich, owned who the estimated in numwith comparison 120) page on (Continued

ber of heads of families. The deeds are

uniformly made on printed forms, DEED OF CONSECRATION which will"the good of consideration in of the case and as in the exactly "For worded

Riser of Great C. Georoe church, the held toward with above reproduced Fox deed assigned 2, 1857, on March County, the heSalt Lake

succes- "and his trusteein-trust, italics. in Young, of Brigham maker omission to The words

his lot of to and ownership claim all in office"sors schedule, fill in and to name had only stove furniture, and household his house, adobe and sign in the presence of two or three cooking utensils, clock and gun, and "one cow,"total value $935, "with all rights, privileges, and deed, on This belonging."thereunto appurtenances Salt Lake Records, Pioneer of Deeds, 9Book A

of several office, one historian's file church in the that YOUNG'S DEED It is strange BRIGHAM 264. Office, p. Recorder's OF County

in the ismembers church executed legally by hundred ofhistorian's in church Journal (Ms. Woodruff's CONSECRATION widespread a period which saw 'fifties, a middle consecration his of to deed reference fice) contains no

have seems history to which consecration movement of is matter were the 9. It though as 11, or April 1855 near July on

present the of the study which becomes ignored but little consequence. Records, 249, Pioneer A, page Book article.

Salt Lake County Recorder's Office,

Be it known by these presents that I, Brigham Young of Great Salt

Lake City, in the County of Great Salt

Lake, and Territory of Utah; for and

in consideration of the good will which

I have to the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, give and convey unto Brigham Young, Trusteein-

Trust for said Church, his successors in office and assigns, all my claim to, and ownership of the following described property, to wit:

Block eightynine in Great Jrf Salt Lake City Survey, with all the buildings and im- -//- provements thereon, consisting of "White House,"barn, one row of log houses,.-//,, /

one small adobe house, one milk house, one smoke house, one corn house, entire value, garden, and dolTV'thousand twentyfive lars $ 25,000 Lots one and two, south quarter of lots seven and eight in block eightyeight, one large house, garden, and a small Doby Shoe Shop, and log house, value sixty thousand dollars 60,000 Lots one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, in block five, Plat B (and debts due), value, fourteen thousand dollars H.000

Half of lot two in block seventyfour, value, five fy,.-. hundred dollars 500 &

Lot four in block seventeen, with log and doby house, and all improvements thereon, value three hundred dollars 300 Lots seven and six in block fourteen, value, one hundred dollars 100

Lot two, block four, value, one hundred and fifty dollars 150 (Continued on page 124)

FEBRUARY, 1944 81 Jake Jrt -jfrom a FAMOUS EXPLORER a, - /jack lorthman—rnaeMon Seated at his typewriter is A.

Hyatt Verrill, 72year-old author and explorer, who tauflht the 72year-old exnew facts about the writer some Verrill, Hyatt explorer, Verrill, wellknown Hyatt A Mormon. Book of arethnologist, plorer, author, *** RECENTLY LECTURER, MORE AND AUTHOR, artist, photographer, cheologist, OF MAKES MORMON, OF BOOK STUDENT THE A and farmer, cabinettaxidermist,A maker RECORD. ANCIENT OF APPRAISAL THAT AN of redfulfilled wildest the dreamshas

blooded, moviegoing youngsters. He

has searched for sunken Spanish treasure in the West Indies, explored the "This should support your belief in turning over the pages of her notes as dense jungles of South and Central the Book of Mormon,"he suggested she talked. Her enthusiasm was conAmerica, made friends with savage Inwith a slight smile. tagious.

dians, discovered the remains of an anHe spoke of evidence which he had "He was the Caesar of his day, a darcient civilization in Panama, conducted uncovered, indicating that the foreing sea emperor who brought the whole archeological researches in Panama, Pefathers of the Incas must have come world under his sway. His colonizing

ru, Chile and Bolivia, and written more from Sumeria, south of the valley of and other exploits in India won him a than one hundred books on a great variNimrod. This coincides with the Book celebrated position in the sacred Hindu

ety of subjects, including his own exof Mormon account which speaks of writings which speak of his expeditions periences. the Jaredites who were guided to Ameras the 'excellent Panch.'The name soon

Before he settled down to a quiet ica after the confusion of tongues and became attached to his descendants/who life of puttering around his Anhiarka also began their journey south of the did a great deal of sailing and colonizing

Gardens at Chiefland, Florida, he had valley of Nimrod. of their own. The dynasty also was

tasted innumerable forms of adventure, I listened carefully as he skimmed known as the 'House of the Fishes,'and tried his hand at many skills. No matter over the details. He spoke softly and branded much of their property with

what subject I brought up in my confluently, treating the subject as if it fish insignia.

all to certainversation, he know was words lecture. His classroom a were

off passed hardly "It could be as mere the about I complainedabout difficulty it. When that I had rapidly so flowed

in that the royal coincidence house ofmosquitoes, began naming he many with him. up keeping

practically the Peru known by was scientific their in insects Floridathe by name same Pancha at I sniffed of one Laternames. or Panaka—and around I stole a glance then and

that the fish symbolism his Now same was popuall again over did itmarigolds and he com- a quaint which was room, the with flowers. When I finally got around bination of an adventurer's living quar- ( Continued on page 118)

to the subject of religion, he told me ters and a miniature museum. Stuffed

the beliefs of every sect the Kohler, research from L. for secretary Mrs. Mr.about Ruth and the furnishings, birds roosted upon

is Indian. threeeighths seven spent has She the of doctors voodoo andwitch men their heads poked animals strange out Verrill,years studying of Incas to the relationship the

jungle to the pastors and priests of of the walls. Paintings of South and Jaredites and the Sumerians. the

elaborate cathedrals. Central American people and scenes

"Take the religion of the ancient Infilled up the vacant spots. The entrance

cas,"he said after systematically dishall was crowded with colorful Ameriposing of a dozen other creeds. "In can Indian headdresses, torn toms, medimany respects the Incan faith was strikcine pouches, tomahawks and even a

ingly similar to the Christian. The Incouple of shrunken scalps.

allpowerful in a supreme believedcas and talked Verrill on my Mr. As that deity could in of sondeity, a who befrantically capacities raced mental suffered, form andassume human who L. introduce Mrs. to paused he resurrected. a hind,died, had They and was secretary research his Kohler, Ruth hell or a or and Pachak,heaven Hanak assistant. and presided over which Pachak, wasHaek

for story finish the better had "She believed devil Sttpay, they or and aby in the immortality of the soul and in you,"he suggested. "She has spent

resurrection. Also they believed that seven years collecting and compiling

Inti, the sungod, was the offspring of the data for me."

the Creator or Kamak and a poor obMrs. Kohler scooped up an armful

scure woman."of looseleaf folders from a bottom

Then he told me how he and his redrawer and invited me to pull my chair search secretary had pieced together nearer to the light where we could see history from the Holy Land and scraps better.

of evidence from the ancient ruins of "The story might begin with King

South America, linking the preIncas Nuna who ruled in Sumeria several with the early Sumerians who lived thousand years ago. Historians date

around the Persian Gulf. his reign about 3100 B.C.,"she began,

82 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

oLofteu owmI the THE STORY OF THE WRITING OF THE

TITLEPAGE TO THE BOOK OF MORMON

dramatic but tragic story lies behind the writing of the titleemt page to the Book of Mormon BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITYAwhich has apparently been missed by most of our people.

engreat battle the last Before What was Wftii IA and La the Nephite betweensued doing Moroni manite armies at Cumorah in the year those sixteen 385 A.D., Mormon entrusted the years alone?

plates containing his abridgment of Where did he son, Morto his of Nephi platesthe adTHE m go? What 1 battle the after Nevertheless,oni. befell venturesin which he was wounded—Morhim in enemy \J,

and the plates obtained againmon These country? Accrt it Written J>- in found final words someadded of and a host

respectively seven six andchapters after calledof the book his own weothermayquestionsask ourTHE HAND OF name. All of the other records of selves, but all to UPON PLATES

his people he had previously4 hid up no avail. Thein the Hill Cumorah. record is silent. TAKEN FROM THE PLATES m

It seems almost incredible, but the But what would for that Moroni give not remains fact weapparent tjH> obfiugtjKint. ttcovn 01 It en Wherefore, of this face day the over a to by Che alone Lamday the ofwandered sad

-.n.-.; Xamaaiteis—Writtenisf)l Isi'ie.'i n, lso nlm!.i -Mv house the Bant

i the!>'adding before years'andi from sj account tin tiu! for sixteen % uimland m

>!>, t'tit. r *h mvvritteit; i> sealedsi as record abridged Moroni of the to pen t-i< <the nu<> It- *?<? i->rmanything mix tiou—"it d"*fr>,ived—To

."."i 5J. lit ti the h) hand iatiwi mterpt't -sttwlth>r>>>f—the Let father. his himself! any At by L'->fit. ti;u:>ycommanded <h:o ot waj titimn in forth to the

Cite juetttti'.-jj gift ci Oul thereof by it rate, story: tell their was plates own

<v* V.i"i-'--: Boolthe srfcen abrkferaem"

'the probably 111.'nf. * ft j>><ill<>.ffuwl., i"kwfnorG /

,< t of <rf rl J,,!,. si, record finish IS! the I; I, do Moroni, Behold his > > i<> of v * I memory \s ii n -h <n-<>u to I but few have Behold, father, Mormon.my father's comoi Lord, the c.Atoiaits fcrtew I the tay been have things write, which to things

-1 ee<u-ifteieg the to also—And led 1 that t father. mand, utj'ti: <>.'", -un, rits.,'1, by the mycommanded heist,

n. ii?> the they if; are there tw, fw.U$ the after that pass to retrace it came! to now him And > m;i tiril fh.,n ye fhinirs hal o Go

at Cumorah, battle tremendous and great luttgai to t/ondet his steps into escaped had Nephites who the behold, there Cumorah, the hunted by were southward country the

Ob J "few write a tsaksl to all destroyed. were until they Lamanites,

And my father also was killed by them, things"and the sad write to alone I remain * even and the "hide up

But people. of destruction the tale of my in the!; records Th* Church I fulfil the comand are gone, they behold,

mandment of my father. And whether they earth."And &

will slay me, I know not. "few things"he

Therefore I will write and hide up the did write at that records in the earth; and whither I go it time, for as we

not. mattereth to read along this record, hath father made Behold, my

1 2 and thereof. intent And verses the written he hath and

behold, I would write it also if I had room 13 of the eighth not; and plates, but the upon of ore chapter MorTITLE PAGE OF THE BOOK OF MORMON

father alone. for none, My I amI have I have breaks off his acsuddenly mon he kinsfolk, all and in battle, slain my hath been

and I have not friends nor whither to go; count by recording

I that will follows suffer these precedes what and the Lord long and how it pos- I were Moroni; and Behold, am

I not. live know the to realizemay lead must one words unto all I things sible, known make would passed years have hundred four Behold, so. this possibility being I Verse of speaking of end Behold, an make you. and of Lord our the since coming away I of the this people. son concerning am for 4 logical point a chapter 13 is a Savior. a descendant father was and Mormon, my division.

of Nephi. 6:6 1Mormon (Continued on page 116)

mid. of date the 6:5. From 8:6. Mormon of. 3Mormon this writer of the opinion In the of farewells similar Amaleki the (Omni 30) BNote until A.D.. 401 battle great last the fighting of the

in to relation making "an 10:22) (Mosiah Zeniff and total a elapsed there to write, original began Moroni when Moroni's statement was farewell of formality Moroni's speaking."of The end 6 years. of sixteen

noticeable. is especially of farewell. careful study what A 8:1-6 *Morraon

FEBRUARY, 1944 EtolPti} pGtaD'

TLJeard from the "Crossroads of the West"with the Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir and Organ over a nationwide radio network through

KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting System every Sunday at 12:00 noon

11:00 a.m. Central War Time, 10:00 a.m. Mountain

PacificBy RICHARD L EVANS WarEasternTime,WarandTime,9:00 a.m. War Time.

Jo a lA/ond Jkat lA/anfo Jka immediate ftnee to Ljo Jsrome At some time or other during his life, perhaps everyone

I the accepted to should conform himself: asks "WhyHThere ideals? I maintain standards rules? and should Why Why mas—butare manymostthoughtsof all, thatperhaps,crowd ourin uponthoughtsus at Christat this remote punishments of a threatened the should or promises

season are of home and those we love; and if we were free hereafter restrict my way of life? Maybe all this moral

to go our own way, the footsteps of most of us would turn restraint is merely something my parents taught me because homeward at Christmas. This year perhaps the greatest their parents taught them. Maybe this old idea of virtue's

unfulfilled longing in all the world is the longing expressed being its own reward has no justification in fact."There

by the words, "I want to go home."There are millions of are many answers to this line of questioning, but for the

men in far countries and strange places, on battlefields and benefit of the agnostics, for the benefit of those who profess on broad seas, friend and foe alike, in whose hearts this not to believe in immortality, suppose for the moment we thought will not be stilled: "I want to go home."There are forget about heaven and the hereafter, and confine our

alike, friend foemillions, both at and to yearn home who this conditions to the of what answers known world—to

if those could.welcome would they who come world A positively has ourselves here about now. It and know we

weary of war wants to go home. But there isn't much time for example, been established as a finding of physiological

for homecoming in the middle of a war. And there are research, that such negative emotions as worry, anger, hate,

inevitably long days ahead before such things can be. We jealousy generate within the human organism itself, those

can't go home until the might of arms has brought down the substances which can and do impair physical wellbeing, enemies of peace, and neither we nor those away would and tend to induce disease. Even to the agnostic, it can

want to see a general homecoming prematurely. That might now be demonstrated that anyone who gives way to violent

mean much lost for little gained. Nearly two thousand years passions pays an immediate and certain price. It isn't necesago there walked among us a "wayfaring man acquainted sary for an angel from heaven to pronounce the penalty

with grief,"who said of himself: "The foxes have holes, although it has been recorded that that may occur, too.

and the birds of the air have nests: but the Son of man Anyone who hates his neighbor, anyone who must perhath not where to lay his head."(Matthew 8:20.) He form the mental rationalization of justifying his own miswantedfinished—untilto go home,he hadtoo,givenbuta hewaywaitedof lifeuntiland hisa patternwork wasfor conductof rewardis experiencingand punishment,the relentlessas they affectoperationevery ofmantheeverylaws

peace. And notwithstanding all wellintentioned plans, notday. And what is true negatively, is true, likewise, posiwithstanding treaties, notwithstanding the plottings of tively. In an atmosphere of trust, of good will, of rectitude

dictators, and the benevolent hopes and sincere strivings and benevolence, there is an observable tendency toward of honest statesmen, the fact remains that within the gospel physical and mental wellbeing, which often may account of Jesus Christ lies the only solution to the problem of for the difference between health and happiness or illhealth permanent peace—and perhaps almost the only solution and anguish. That's one reason why a man's misdeeds

which in principle and in practice has not been tried. Of plague him, even when no one else knows about them. To

course there are those who will indulgently raise their wrestle with a gnawing, troubled conscience, devoid of shoulders and their eyebrows and speak of this as a beautipeace, is a punishment which no scriptural fire and brimstone ful but absurd idealism, and because force seemingly is can equal, and which takes its toll physically, mentally, the only course open to us now, we may think that the world and spiritually. Mind you, we do not believe that rewards

can be made safe by force always; but sooner or later we and punishments are confined wholly to the present. Someshall come to know otherwise. Assuredly there will yet be times the wheels of the gods grind slowly. Sometimes it

another glorious homecoming. And, after the present conflict, seems that justice is not done in this life. In this, as in all

it could even be that nevermore would there be men weary else, many things not now understood will have to be left battle, for yearning of the field homeon at Christmas—but explanation. for future those But to not care to do who

it dictated the basis of a to peace won't an enemy be on life their their present expectancy, thinking beyond in for the his heart opportunity nextpreparing to fight. The project

day when men shall nevermore be called upon to leave home to those who want to know only what a given course will for war, will be when the enemies of righteousness have do for them here and now, let it be said that, in a very real been defeated on all fronts, and shall have accepted the sense, every day brings its own reward and punishment terms quietly dictated by the Prince of Peace nineteen And, to quote the words of Isaiah: "The work of righteouscenturies ago: "Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with ness shall be peace; and the effect of righteousness quietness

all thy heart, and thy neighbor as thyself."and assurance for ever."(Isaiah

—December 19, 1943. 32:17.)—December 5, 1943.

84 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA mmm

man or any one generation, many things that are cerJke montfu voice tainvain ofandeventualhopeless.fulfilmentProgresswouldis slowseemat tobest,haveand,beenat

Tn spite of a longadvocated tolerance, there are times when times, certainly, it would seem that we move in the wrong * all of us find annoyance because someone has disagreed direction. The race of men learn stubbornly. Consider, for

with us. But the fact remains that to establish something example, the moral teachings of Jesus the Christ. These

on the basis of opinion without proof, or authority without many centuries they have been conceded, theoretically, atreason, is as difficult now as it ever was, or more so—even least, to be the standard of character excellence, of individuthough it may be annoying. In governments, as long as we al and social responsibility, of man's relationship to man.

have known anything about them, as far back as history But unfortunately, it seems that they have been a standard has anything to say concerning them, men who have atwhich men have departed from rather than complied with.

tempted by sheer authority to impose edicts without reason We still do not love the Lord our God with all our hearts, and fiats without the conversion and support of those whom because the best evidence of such affection would be comstill love ourselvesthey affect, have seen the beginning of trouble—but not the pliance with his commandments. We

end. But governments are not the only ones who have been better than our neighbors. The meek have not yet inherited

historically guilty of such things. Men in their private lives the earth. Nor do we hunger and thirst after righteousness

have been guilty. Social, religious, scientific, and profesto the point where we are willing to give up some things

still try tosional movements, societies, and institutions have sometimes we like better than righteousness. Many of us

the beam,been guilty. Ofttimes constituted authorities—like individserve two masters. And as regards the mote and

of ourexpect of other expect more men than we who that anyone we still of assuming the mistake madeuals—have not more, do things, do and selves. All these and many necessarily we majority was to the contraryhad an opinion

wrong, or of unsound mind, or disloyal, or dishonest. Indo. Yet, even so, these are the principles that one daydeed, it has gone further than that. In those places where will become the basic law of the world—"And the govern-

a single sovereign will has held dominion over all the ment shall be upon his shoulder."(Isaiah 9:6.) But even

destinies of all his subjects, men who presumed to have a if the moral teachings of the Christ had availed us nothing, contrary opinion have often been obliged to change their yet was his coming vital to all mankind, for his mission pattern of life—a code ofviews, or have their mortal existence cut short—a sort of was twofold: to give unto men a

permanent censorship designed to insure unanimity of principles in compliance with which we might reach our firstopinion by liquidating all contrary views. A more civilized highest possibilities—and, often overlooked, but of

and refined form of the same kind of practice is to call a importance, to die that men might live. To say that we

of sacrifice, this or the manner for the necessity proclaim understand he disagrees with a name whenman you—publicly But beyond wholly true. not be his its would accomplishment, or incompetence his disloyalty or dishonesty—discredit

reputation. "Name calling,"someone has said, "is a subtle those things which we now can see and understand are

things which we cannot see and cannot nowway of diverting attention from the facts."We shouldn't those greater

call a man a name merely because he has an opinion of his understand, which are none the less real; and the Atonethe is to as fundamental Christ and of was Jesus the isn't, it ment sure he if we're evenown. He may be right—and

life birth death and the are of and progress eternal disloyal, man as or dishonest he is follow that necessarily doesn't or of unsound mind. In the name of tolerance and reason, to come. And so, though the generations were to reject his

it must be recognized that he who disagrees with us is not moral teachings, either in theory or in practice, there still necessarily an undesirable citizen. If that were true, then remains the fact that Jesus the Christ, the Son of the living there are more than a hundred and thirty million undesirGod, did for us what we could not do for ourselves—a fact

fact able citizens in this country alone, because no two people which is not limited by our understanding of it—a

all things. in The minority alike think voice—the

26, 1943. honest to express freely right idated contrary views—isunintimwhich is vital to the continuing progress—Decemberof all of us.

essential to the survival of freedom and to the maintenance of progress, and, in the affairs of men, any institution or Copyright, 194i any country in which there is the imposition of one mind and one will in all things, is a fundamentally weak institution or country, leaning perilously to one side, and lacking the structural strength of opposing forces.

—December 12, 1943.

tJtonemen HPhis day between Christmas and the New

Year would seem to be a good time to remind ourselves of some realities that bear repetition. If we were to

measure the accomplishment of ultimate purposes in terms of the lifetime of any one FEBRUARY, 1944 history, of Elder Melvin J.

presiding By MARK HART Dy*-* Ballard,way while over the

Northwestern States Mission, sent two Ttadka young elders into Alaska, who labored in Juneau and near places for several further by done was work No AND THE weeks.

until role to be played by Alaska in at 1927, there which the churchThethe Air Age is one of strategic imtime Elder John A. Widtsoe, while

portance. The North Pole, on touring the mission with President

which the air map is centered, is to be Sloan, expressed his feeling that Alaskathe fulcrum around which airborne W> might be a fertile field for the elders, Dr.commerce revolves. The new Alaska Mtfe Widtsoe, having spent some little time

highway opens up the back door to a in Alaska the summer before. About

resources, the natural time, of Elderwonderland the Jenson same Andrew left hazardbecame afternoon when we visit ofsurface hardly been picAlaska. has which to a graphic His made nightfall, as apand before ous we willscratched. doubt, other country, together This highway, ture the with of no normally Entrance, a Dixon's proached front to future Russia. the to reports, President road impressedbe Sloan The sea, docthe through sixhour run open

Into further Alaska, the information; seek famous through Februdoor so on pilot seriously his tor considwere and

isside alluring 5, Passage, as as ever to 1928, he ary wrote and Governor ering the turning gravity of back. Only

offers of romantically of the the posone concerning Parks Alaska most continue. to the mission caused them

sibilitiesbeautiful trips his entering that of country with boat country any darkness approaching the came With, offer. object are the of the varied missionary posdoingcan work. Great and

It swell. rain, to the began waves and

sibilities charts of land Alaska, unique with from secured and were a Maps fifty large seventyor the wasn't waves, future. the Letters unique part received church Washington,a D.C. What five that across, caused however, yards

in thiswill the of far enplay Parks north from were Governor drama most It difficulty. the our immediate was couraging; seen. vision to than theremains he anxseemed more be Through small, that to seemed choppy waves

foresight leaders, that the inspired the ious of her church shouldand send direction. every from come Whenever

set. there. missionariesstage has plan already play been The was The cut these the broadof one waves prow

first to presented the thehas begun. presidency of cabin. side, over the pour water would

interest in church, permission Alaska, and granted. though always was My ice in Ordinarily, the serves hold as

therefore, in intensified Sloan,keen, President greatly requested 1932 was ballast for boat, fisherman's a but on strong, that experienced a few Albert President Georgewhen Smith men be althis the occasion empty, hold was set sent in shortterm apart shortterm missionaries. out as mission for a me freely. roll the to lowing It beboat

the States. just Elder Alvin Northwestern Engelstead from Kanab, Having in unlike water a rough cork haved not

justreturned shorthaving President completed Utah, Alaska, from a Smith it as slipped over up and waves down fired mission, the return to term imagination to promised the with romance my us. engulf that to determined seemed

I busivisit. after attending to northwestof land to a had wanted some always

it light see the to enough While was

ILittle at his realize did, in ness that did within This home. he and few a their anticipate coming, could waves we that Elderdays company Heber same begin Meeks, romance were would in after fury; blackness the Arctic but

itself in presidentunfolding the Stake, of Elder before and panorama Kanab my all its us, settled density around down

I also set eyes. of thevery suithardly a same Judd, member James had my "feel"to the of the impetus had we elders, stake. in togethercase the mission Elder in with These Porthome down before brace could ourselves waves we Smithfield,land before President Lowell from Utah, Sloan, R. Plowman William for follow. action to the during Twice

in missionary, longterm presiding arrivedthen mission, the a over asked the night the board broken dory had on fifth like in 1928. I'd the of to labor Alaska. on June, Juneau dayme how It pilot loose. the while attempted was

trip the retired next delightful. morning they to The few The was weeks A it to that the the lash time second down

later that in spot President previously has arrived been Sloan same Juneau, died. engine boat sputtered to our and

of, Hill,"there, at in the spoken meeting ourand Gastineau and "Mormon if It falling as through seemed were we in the President told Sloan, of "with to us of rededicateHotel plans words it relief feeling of space. a was Whatthe great for those land as background, of mountains missionary a Alaska work. finally engine the started and when was front, the in of city the next with morning,Early long the and bay before into the those plowing boat began

their feet, inresidents of humility below Juneau and were awake, Juneau we again! the pounding waves was When great in thanksgiving these with brethren of our rain to- a delugemade way terrific, I'd trying to catch most myself

hill their city. President a small heads overlooking and the bowedward Meeks into small the already space occrowd the offered following calledThis dedicatory Hill."pray- "Mormon we On pilot. the the cupied doctor and Takby er":reaching the top thoroughly were we I'd ing myself, posiof hold resume my fordrenched, led our through pathway cabin, tion the immediately of back servFather thy our and God: Our We lushthe the countryside. of growth Alin tubseconds water few every where in clothed ants the holy priesthood (Melthough cold without, were and wet we ful splashing proportions present in chizedek) ourselves on before came thee down spiritthe us. within warmed open To this offer beautiful spot devotion and our helfisherman's Despite head. my my service,the sang "High we On A thee. unto salt slipped met, water across down my after Top,"Mountain of each which in pray, heaven, that our Father it thy incessantly, face almost making Wethe his missionaries bore testimony to spirit rest to in us power, upon down may I halfthat exhale through necessary

the truthfulness restored the of gospel. souls beings, our permeate and our warm lips. interlegs closed and arms WithPresident offered Sloan then the prayer that that assurance labors have our we may I last hoist, in the the net spent locked

thee. are accepted of rededication.of Thee, Thank "We O for of the hanging hours storm two on for Prophet,"God, closing the a as called Inasmuch to was been have we life, retching convulsively. dear almost

offiin this proclaim thy tosong. land word and 3, This 1932. on was June

I that didn't prayer already a had know cially the of thy open preaching up work later weeks Some companion* my in petition that behalf, forth our a gone it this, gospel, bless set apart do and we Iand small were a aboard thirtytwo- for safety severrecorded been it our had this it dedicate to purpose, and by do wefoot halibut boat, leaving Ketchikan, al the authority in of the before: us holy priesthood yearsAlaska, for British Prince Rupert, Covested.

lumbia. boat This priestall the been In of chartered authority the had holy

thee, in to pray heaven, Father our We this territory, bless the of hood, waters doctor, rather aby we, than and wait we bless this the sanctify to preachland and friendly; servthat that thy they be mayseveral for the freighter, regular days of ing the thy that elements word. Temper their ants, Lord, ride bosom upon may O securedhad him. passage with its this in yield strength land bringing What may perfect security; that peace none and fruitfulpromised in a pleasant thee, the to be yielding voyage souls unto and the inshall in their while depths swallowed be up

'Elder Dow Ostlund, Lethbridge, Alberta, Canada they are in the performance of their duty. {Concluded on page 100)

86 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA By <=Ldettev to on DOROTHY CLAPP Dear Son: counts. Growth comes from within, ROBINSON

not from circumstances.

Youdifferentwere summersa frail child.my armsThreehad tionsI aminnotyourunmindfulnew wayofofthelife.temptaPer-

to be your feet. In those dark haps being a mere woman I underestimate Drinking, afraid them. smoking,hours you when we were

dirty stories, find easy girls, have always tion. Your emotions will respond to I could but a cripple,might be

pattern in the exactly you situation a within reach. your been to ever There thought consoleone is no me—if fall doesn't built up. have A boy in point otherwise. pretending Their againwar be no there would came

is built act up little suddenly. The if lure, intensified any, since in it for beplace you. may

little. of weakness"His "moment by activities normal of your are many shortsighted slips into The his we are. act is How that when moment ruled out. not for I would know there slippedyears by, and suddenly thoughts. his the prepared groove by sure.

are a war, a soldier.was this and you now explain could psychologist A that however, know, I do have you

I findStrangely, glad and I am clearly. more established already tastes strong and is glad thereproud. war. a Oh, Not selfcontrol come does Neither habit patterns which can be your that. sinceno, that not proud Just it, If it has been have suddenly. you

there is a war you can do your part. building up from the minute you

You would not want, and I would riSKT&ss* entered life. You were born and

not want to go our accustomed way reared under a covenant of selfwhile other mothers sons and made it protect restraint. should Now

sacrifice. thankfulthe supreme I am sure not be too but I you; would

that this time I do not have to face about it. Your strength may very

your query, "Mother, why can't I easily become your weakness. Your

play like other boys?"This time you strength may lead you to think you

are with the other boys. I try to keep are invulnerable. When I was a child

that fact foremost in my mind. I was taught that if I boasted aloud

Yes. You are with other boys. So I would not do a certain thing, Satan

many more boys than you ever would hear me and immediately set dreamed of. Boys from all walks of out to make me do it. Or, put it this

life and all parts of the country. I way: I think you have heard "the

told you goodbye hurriedly, almost eyes of the world are on you"so casually. You know why. I said many times you are in danger of

nothing to warn you. I asked no building a defense attitude. You feel

promises for your future behavior. called upon to justify your standards

Evennewsy—whomy lettersdid havewhatbeenand merelywhen andconflicttherebywithin yourselfcreate anandemotionalan arguand where. ment with your associates. Conflict

an have so negatively works you in the emptiness beour home As -*&? to watch conquer. Enemies enemy

I fell into oppressive morecame worstrike to befor unguarded moments

Iry. realities? ignoring Was Was like turIf not belt do the you low

I underestimating dangers? your protection. take less these up To what? nips, so and them pass up you

I failed to with provide an youHad desirable things delib- a would mean leave or eat cares. them one You No for defense? consciencearmor erate putting aside habit to of My one explanaacts be them. your your Let

I stories to botherbegan me. heard for another, make way If tion standards. not do of you yourof resisted temptation beboys who will in drinking, not believe need you

their ofcause promise to a made father said, always boy "A Vour If fact. not to publish the do you

I too,mothers. about wondered, girl for straight will a goes who listening like stories, to dirty someIf, instance, question.another for straight In that long."statenot go is If proof. else thing beyour your

I overseas going couldyou were and lie the the gospel ment of law and liefs living, are they are not worth letter, last justwrite but one you spiritual In armor. other your words not come argument. an worth we So

I that could the saywhat be would incentive should your from come started right to where back we to helpmost you? within, without. from not are You patterns. habit your

Suddenly it came to me that my not to keep yourself clean for your time for telling had passed. For mother, your future wife, or the fam- f ooking on from this distance it

twenty priceless years you have been ily you might some day father. These seems to me you have two other

mine to train, to warn, to gird about are contributing factors, but the safety valves: your strenuous physiwith spiritual armor. If I have point is to keep yourself clean becal exercises and your choice of

"muffed"my job, as you would say; cause you want to be that kind of companions. I have your confirmacannot You cheat yourself andif it is man. in spots, armor your is weak statethe latter tion of in your own

it. with get by latetoo about it. I have to do much condirty-mouthed ones ment, "The

had my day, and this new one is all If you listen to dirty stories or let gregate at one end of the barracks yours. Yes, although you are a solyour mind dwell 6n sex situations, and the rest at the other end."I see

dier among soldiers your future is in you will be horrified later to think every reason why this should be so.your own hands—the future that how easily you yielded to tempta- (Concluded on page 102)

FEBRUARY, 1944 87 PIONEER DIARY of

where, not finding sufficient water, we variegated with indescribable beauty, go on—leave Riter & Dilworth & the rising in a kind of majesty that could 2nd 50 in sight—cross a mountain pass, but inspire feelings of sublimity in a poplar groves—a soda spring & the 30contemplative mind. Pass the 60 m[ile]

mfile] b[oard] from 1 b[oard] from Bfridger], 13 Trav. ms.

m[ile beyond enc [amp]Bridger—goby springs & Tuesday, 28. in September on Go

B[ear] 1 raffle] from Rivferj, with a the same curious mountains beautiful moonlight 8 o'clock. about which delightrange—passme, mostly fine brick of a

Trav. 18 ms. color on the right hand & rising perSaturday, September 25. We go to pendicularly 6 on the left covered

Bear R[iver], when a consultation is partially with surf, with cedar & willow had & some are desirous to stop & do bushes between the ridges. Pass Sis.

some blacksmithing. Part conclude to Taylor, stopping at Weber's Fork

WHEELS OF TIME go on to Cache Cave & hunt—Capt. pass the river & go 2 ms cross the creek

times that 4 in the empftied] Pfeirce] W[eber], goes Capt. meet Pioneer wagons have their around indelibly mark ahead—we

Into the trail westward as it approaches Fort Bridger. ms. 14 Trav. said that a part M. who of T[ayAlong this Eliza road moved R. her and comSnow lor]'s 29. Wednesday, September pass'd last the company of Cave pany emigres. Mormon

eve—no chance for game—Rich's comwas delightful—this mor, coldLastwithevea

[pany] having clear'd the ground. Met sprinkle of rain, a strange occurrence.

C. sick D. stop fever, with & Ellsworth also mountain C, men to hunt—in Part XII rods "Piatt's a few the from Pass we enter Valley with 4 catof p[ai]r

tle. the thro'road thickPass bluffs stupendous of some & rough—sideling 1847 Arrival in the Valley ets of the stone pebble m[ile] 80 side rock one the on "narwillows—pass

fine enc b[oard] rows"[amp] a stream pass'd which on before & we we Monday, September 20. call'd Warm—the 'd cross after Creek, crossing the Canion one stream enwhich on we dust very unpleasant. Br. breaks times. this 3 c[amp]. middle 2 of the Capt. Pfeirce], The L[athrop] & & in the sand by a a wagon—enc[amp] last cattle. for too days the K[imball] also up; Some Capt. come warm N[oble] stream. Trav[eled] 8 m[ile]s.

1 in of 1 [are] T[aylor]'s the eve. [John] ms. Trav, company

Tuesday, 9 21. September Start at stop. Big where Mountain From we we 26. Sunday, September our Leave

1 at bait a by 2 Fort Bridger this the of of mountains side the saw enclosure, querist which puzzle might creek—pass a

. short distance a enc & The Com11 Valley. the Trav. ms. m. 80 b[oard] in where to came where we 6 were we of [pany] 7 enc [amp] quite am hill. top of 5 m. on [amp]near—I out, rising go which long do by a we sick. traffic people Our [trade] the with 30. Thursday, September Cross'd hill, winding the top from of which we French Indfians], 8 ms. Trav. & 8 Creek Canion road see the of mountains Valley. the times—the We

ling, Wednesday, cradling, 22. catstumpy, bushy, September &c. The enc [amp] across sideWe about small noon a

tle cannot be found till too late & the stream opposite a high bluff, in the side enc [amp] on a side hill about 1 m. majority move to stop till morning—the of which is a curious opening in solid ahead of the 90 m. bfoard], Capt. L. day spent trafficking—the 2nd 50 come rock call'd Cache Cave. Heard that passes us; also Sister T[aylor], but her

up. night Last Br. is rear. stops arrived in our camp buggy Vance The Sister of [wife G. Grant] M. 1 Jedediah speaks of frost a insufficient there farther that injur'd to found the any go this died Porter morning. ar- G. & J.

I crops. quite sick in ms. Trav. 6 am the forenoon in rived the eve. Bring they word

much better in the eve[ning]. Mothhave had no frost in the VTalley] to inFriday, October 1. Left the carriage [er] Chase & I have a rich treat in the jure much, &c, Riter & D. come up. Sanox that gave out yesterday—I rode carriage—with a promise of new inTrav, 5 ms. in the black wag [on]. Sister P[eirce],

if terest], [argaret] Edith walk. very & & submissive—Br. 27. September Monday, trav. M We lost Love an thro'dusty, the brush & in diligentox—Capt. of the Peirce buys a most timber—upVery, or a Canion day narrow

pair to & Bellows Peak, a cow mountain where & calf. we opening 2 between ranges of mounif ask'd T[aylor] met J[ohn] me who Thursday, 23. September Y. tains. Capt. Saw [Jedediah M.] G[rant]

his being lately seen I had own my face, from the Valley. night Last a danceJ. passes us with a horse team, to going

{the soil having mask, a black in was attended one of the Frenchthe [alley] to his wife. Br. bury V & behind

slash then mash went chang'd)—we men's houses by from each 50, Sis. many going Leonard him. with Capt.

trees, &c. stumps, over &c, 3—down old both and J[ohn] Peirce enc[amped] together. & Lathrop young—Prest

in rear in enc a little the Canion [amp] Y[oung] wife not con- & stops in Neff [imball] hand. on rearK excepted—it thankCapt. Taylor, L[athrop] till tinued & Sis. after nearly 2 hootwhich a is place Our mountains thedelightful—the far. deliverance ful for thus Travour till ing kept was morning the up by in circle half being a either on side &

miles. eled 10 natives. drunken

iAlthough care every and kindness possible under circumstances were extended to her, the delicate We pass'd a spring—a very small the

constitution of still which worse, dust suffithrough Jedediah black Mrs. with what Grant not was was M. curiously variegated landscape run—a sThis day we traveled through brush and timber, but cient for the of hardships identities that all the journey. our covered so were She had been we call'd on a stream & encamp Muddy failing I time. some to with the mountain questioned. up was her might to much, be previous denselyWhen

death, her which occurred so near Taylor, having Salt low's that Bel'Brother who, met John Peak nearly Lake valley, we was dry. The dust intolerthat drives by forced that portion returning to day, valley, the her night and reached remains was meet were able. Trav. 13 ms. brought through for interment. so, in rear. of his the horseRiding on however, company Not now with

beautiful eight of babe or ten the dust, his face interminable months, through back, [4 months old] Friday, September 24. My health herand 14 days death jocular whose hers black covered with a his happy, preceded mask, and in about

for two Sis. weeks a garment buried was lest to ask him, hastened in the desert.—he way, better—finish was

in Eliza of R. if I Snow[24 (Tullidge), face. seen Mocmondom, appearance was days];Womenit hadI shouldlately Our me complimentmy P[eirce]. start of pow'r We late—the It slash, truly ludicrous. as to mattered us we went

air rules the the referred to babe dust p. The335. than S. is worse was Little Margaret mount, over Mountain) Grant, the & mash, (downlittle down

of daughter Jedediah roots, etc., M. and dared Grant, stumps, born where no one of the 7 wagfons] intolerable—find Quarters, at Winter Nebraska, 1847, in and to ride could Eliza died MayCaroline19, R. From Snow trees,who walk.—ruts, G[rant]'s at Sweetwater, the springs, on encfamped] September 2.—Journal Kirtland City, Lake HUterg, to Salt A. Little. James

88 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Ctlza K. 3/inow

Saturday, October 2. Cross a stream Sunday, October 3. This mor. seat

19 times—which is dry in some of its myself by a doby fireplace outside the beds—the vegetation & shrubbery is body of a log house—breakfast with

very much chang'd; here is oak, maple Bro. Pfeirce], sup with Sis. Leonard

& elder, osier, &c. About 4 we come in have my things put into Clarissa's room

view of the Valley, looking like a broad who said Prest. Y[oung] wrote her

rich river bottom—It rains 6 a breach that I would live with her. The brethmade in the side of our wag [on] ren] have meet[ing]. P. & T.

cov[er], torn by the brush, admits both pres[ent]—the Ep[isUe] of Twelve

rain & dust, but being in sight of home, read & sanction'd by the breth [ren] to Fort [Pioneer the our way we 4. slept night Last October Monday, make8 FOR "THANKFUL DELIVERANCE"OUR I to sick enjoy too Square]. am Sis. [rant's] with Capt. wagon G

in in actual here Reproduced page size is the the preof tea scenery, but cup a good Sister L[eonwith the inLeonard—breakfast Eliza first records on R. which her view Snow also refreshes Sis. P[eirce] me, par'dby her Salt valley. with in diaryof the Lake ard]. Abbreviations and cramped Sup[ped] & C[lara]

penmanship of in the interest indicate space some [it] vis a from Sis. Sessions]. Trav. Clara's

of difficulties original 4 the transcription room—this presents. the 14 ms. ment of my living withis theC[lara]—comcommence-

[inter] to send writing mence the in ten arrived of his Peirce "Captain most and to W general order little ourselves. after a valley the following to The Wrote Sister Whitof Q[uarters].

past for a days few discontinued travel having been Kimball, Sarah A. & Helen: 1 1 letters ney, arrived detachments small valley, the 5. Finish neared as October we Tuesday,

in before to circumstances. were according Many stanzas lines of 4 follow.] [3 [inter] each Q[uarters] to by to send J.... arrived genafter. us, as perhaps many and We W

all in I never health. have enjoying erally is his selling to good my substance Thorn, who

it little the deaths so following few sickness presented and so experience Wrote known & family. the followwith return Wrote time. of space the in people same so many among to Br. took supper Grant us: with who or deaths. to six seven from have been Two ing There Young. to Mrs. Ann Mary

if mostly, the were infants remainder and three were DEATH CAROLINE THE ON OF MRS. GRANT Eliza they all, indisposed before severely not consolation of the streams started.—May

(Little) City. to in Lake Kirtland Salt flow; to bosom R. Snow your From of lines Ever stanzas follow.] 4 each [7

p. 144. And the bitter draught of sorrow

lot to know. your no Be more of life: the spring 1847 Peirce's In Margaret *From 1 6. to the October Wednesday, went

of the Twelve most Young, the president, Brigham habitation thro'Blessed Sis. spring your be the kindness of warm left to a us pioneers of make picked company a and

rest: peace of abode The S folSaints. for the of refuge to place some road We Hunter, in Susan us took who J. is blessing all that with a Yes, father, Robert pioneers. of the in the wake lowed My

blest. I fondly have the you would refresh'd. quite first in Snow's ten of Willard the Captain Peirce, was Y.carriage—felt&

Sister 100. fifty, Grant's Jedediah of M. Company I 7. finish'd Sis. Thursday, October period the anticipate We invited of later the poetess Utah, was Eliza R. Snow,

to the come. Valley you last P[eirce's] of When the camp carriage, as in seat our vacant Mary to take Mary's cap—the leave your QuartersWinter Haste 6 to betour said the change She way. the on died had arrive. others Kimball, Capt. Weeks & better you'll a home. find Here life. Our her travel saved for had ter accommodations

for leave here Goodyear's, m[ile]s 40 sweet, and that journey was during companionship much, and began very they course complimented me Of fast everafter forgotten. were to be never We distant [Ogden]. follows: as friends.

8. Friday, of posse men, 5 October traveling. were lines to while we me, wrote A some She love, spirits sister as tenderness, with thee "I love a

1 theirs to is like above; loveliness the thee, for thy love at the head, Higgins Marshall go

is like diadem. a for thee, thy worth I love modest out to those families [Wicks, bring back art thou surely art noble birth, of a precious END OF A JOURNEY Thou

Dates on the map are those on which Brigham gem."Kimball, Babcock, & Gardner] by order

Youno's advance company of pioneers arrived at these—Written October 2. 1847, as we entered Salt Lake of the Council.

the route is followed by Eliza Valley. the points, same but ill Saturday, October 9.

it! diary. described her and R. Snow

Sis. to are Chase administers I amme—wequite

blest.

Sunday, October 10. By decision of

Council Ira Miles comes for a bl. [barrel] of flour which is deposited in the

Storehouse where Clara & I live. Path [er] Chase to see objects—goeslength a rePrest. J[ohn] Smith.—At

hearing is propos'd & the excitement ends. A preaching is attended fore &

aft [er] noon. I sat in Ellen's door &

heard P[arley P.] P[ratt]—din'd with Lorenzo Young's—in the evefning] a

meeting held to organize according to the Epistle—the posse return'd with

a promise from Wicks, Kimball, Babcock & Gardner that they would return to the Fort, The weather is quite warm.

Monday. October 11. The case of

the flour decided in favor of Ira—Path [er] Chase came with him & said it

was given up without his consent, Clara saying she should not give hers—that

if they take it they must, &c. The other

(Continued on page 113) FEBRUARY, 1944 89 cJLincou CHECKER CHAMP

By BRIGHAM YOUNG III AT NIAGARA FALLS

the early 70's, a group of intiInmate friends, consisting of boys contiguous to his premises, met moving onward in a great river reaches a in the offices of President Brigham is of perpendicular there jog a point where kindly ache a privilege Young, occasions Abraham at least two in the of feet in descent bottom hundred a of purpose dual for the us, corded Falls. visited Niagara Lincoln will is it river, plain the a water the haveOn reading. social chat and estabCataract old House point. that at plunge continuous violent The and

lished in 1814 has available the old It is also plain, the water, thus plunging, After some desultory literary roar, mist consend a and up and foam dated July will registers page a onguest and resolved coterie little the browsing, last, the sunin during tinuously, which this entry: find24, 1857, one may club, which itself into a checker rainbows. will perpetual there shine, The be

Springfield, Family, Lincoln & "A. the winter. through lasted this. is Falls only of physical Niagara mere

111."part of that this is really a very small Yet before passed evenings many Not this contime at family Lincoln's Mr. wonder. world's undisputed the alone, stood one boy sons: three Lincoln andsisted Mrs. of stuas the was noted champion. He seven, Willie, age fourteen; ageRobert, of Niagara Appeal Emotional

and Tad, age four. That this was a very dent who selected the knotty sums

pleasant occasion for Mrs. Lincoln is Its power to excite reflection and emoin Roy's Third Part arithmetic which

geologist its is charm. great of rest tion The skill of the best the will baffled Septemdated from a letterevidenced

or fall, plunge, that the was demonstrate or it took matter her to how long us, for she wrote no whichber 20, [1857], has Ontario, at worn and its way Lake once always he problem, sister, "The Emilie Helm: thehalf tough Todd how will ascertain its position; he present to back

summer has so strangely and rapidly how fast it is wearing now, and so get a came up with the correct answer passed away. Some portion of it was basis for determining how long it has been without consulting the back of the

finally East. traveling in Ontario, and pleasantly from Lake wearing back most to be were the answers where book

is least this at it that work demonstrate by Canada, Niagara, visited NewspentWe found. old. philosopher years thousand fourteen A interest."of points otherYork, and playas a checker reputation His will say, "Niagara turn different of a slightly a primarily trip this East was While local school our of lip the out is basin beyond of the Falls only extended er

it is one Lincoln, trip forbusiness Mr. all which surplus the water pours began which we vicinity, and presently

the find instancesof thouthe when three we or few hundred rains two on down to adjacent neighborhoods scouring surface."earth's idea the the miles of traveling with square family sandLincoln our from removed distantly and even approximate accuracy with estimate in view, sightseeing He willof pleasure and

and there is every evidence that Lincoln that five hundred thousand tons of water own to discover opponents who full of a distance their a fall game. a with give him really could it. enjoyedthoroughly

a exerting feet each hundred to the limited minute—thusweight contests were The this visit of before years ten Nearly weight, lifting the of to the same equal force that as that in three was all best two Lincoln family, time. the Abraham Lincoln the in space, same the through same

himself had stopped off at Niagara on And then the further reflection comes that was necessary to establish his unhis way home from a speaking itinerary this vast amount of water, constantly pounddisputed superiority.

is equal amount supplied an by down, ing the of last months the last engagement During in His England. New

still lifted sun; the up, and constantly by of 22, opentirely out September Friday, in ran Boston on he winter,was we this is lifted for one this "If up says, much rally at spoke necessitated he a 1848, Whig when him, for which ponents thousand three or hundred of space two

followstill in held Temple. The Tremont afield, he but farther lifted going our equal be must miles, amount an square

ing day he started west and stopped at up for every other equal space"; and he is remained unbeaten.

there the on of he contemplation went Albany. in the From to overwhelmed us seized when upon Desperation

exerting is first constantly evithe time, sun for the vast power Niagara, where cheering the came some source from lifting of operation noiseless quiet the in of the dently, looked wonder upon he in the Tenth that a information man again. rained to be down water up falls. the

England, had lately from Ward, gathered times at various Lincoln an English of the champion subjects different which Falls Reveal Record of the Past been data on several he worked into popular discussions such But still there is more. It calls up the inchecker pi lying town.

as Temperance, Law, Agriculture. definite past. When Columbus first sought A delegation promptly waited on

a the suffered persuasion, after Christ him, on some and continent—when the in It interest to observe is of

Israel through led Moses fact that the arranged; the contest was thiscross—when available fragmentary memorandum first came even when Adam the Red Sea—nay, office in Presiof the to play he was greatto America's Lincoln reaction of then, as the now, of Maker: land the from

bait the which proved dent Young est natural wonder. that of here. eyes roaring The Niagara was

species of extinct giants whose bones fill the induced him to meet our Admirable

Niagara, of gazed on have America Critchton. FOR FRAGMENT—NOTES first the with Consequently, ours A moundsas do now. into our ushered he was When LECTURE first the than man, older of men, and race meeting, of about he looked ten place as is fresh strong today and Niagara of Falls Physical Appearance quizzirather and with a amused him and ago. years mammoth The thousand

Niagara Falls! By what mysterious powmastodon, so long dead that fragments of cal air, the bright fire in the fireplace,

er is it that millions and millions are drawn their monstrous bones alone testify that they the unique office furniture, the open that lived, on gazed have to ever all gaze of parts upon the world from Niagara—in roof, the the gallery next to cozy low

still a single never time moment long is long, about Falls? no mystery There Niagara the place pleased of cheerfulness slept, froze, never dried), never itself. effect (never is just as any the thing Every

intelligent man, knowing the causes, would never rested.—From Lincoln Lore, publicahim, but piqued his curiosity. As for

anticipate without seeing it. If the water tion of the Lincoln National Life Foundation. (Concluded on page 113)

90 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA GIVE US

dSu Lsra late Jtewarit THIS DAY

Young Clem put his arm around her, with the gathers. It had been such a

and they stood looking into the sun. It funny little wedding. The wagons had

circle, hardest in the a suggested was young been someone had moment—the nearly was March. The j.T strengthening through sympathy the arm they a wedding make ring—and quiet siftednorthern pines Arizona a

into at couldn't comfort. in the look only mandolin Anna company, choked

it the through.song as passed from wind string him. sagging one dust with low and Desert, east lay the the Painted andTo the "You'll milk bleated cow, Clem, tune the out wedding and had

first shaftsthe light the of morning from it the beautiful. stake under quaking Brother Patch asp Old Heber was sadly,—but itssun splashed colors through and let tree. the Don't the draw. him marriage words, go pronounced up had We fingers with theclimbed dripping to might today."the Virginia him need then they danced had and of Ridge.summit Pandorosa over And called reel. She him of the "Clem."a had had romance He A plains—andthe to ridge small the a sawmill west

fitting. family, the always been plain to "Son"and had been The wedding—it forlay asleep but of the purr waterthe

still folks to the to the smell dress hold "Young Clem"came of seemed who the rising thin thewheel and from smoke mill after the spring to prairie sage, certainly the the that every and thaw was stillcabin logs, chimney. pine The their stain print heel lumber. for at the the of the thaw on The hem wasdressed their in bark, modestly own folks for and no at be would coming on Concluded page 112) (glistened for against a the moment sun least three folks weeks. No then frost. gave theirand jewels of up could of because the come

]r. Evans, inside—Illustrated by Henry the cabin arose John fromAnd Anna It gap. like water would beher her turned face weary watch and upstream. she swimming But

to sunrise, the a a and new day new new called "Clem."had him She

responsibility.

little taller. a him grow saw

"Dear God,"she prayed softly, "help Maybe she wouldn't need any this through day. 'stoodme She him. a other folks—with at the if to as absorbmoment window the children won't let "We

the courage of the morning. Then she know just how we feel,"Anna

turned slowly to the children. went on. "It'll be better if they

Young Clem was beginning to stir. don't see us like this."

It had been her impulse to wake him.

But young Clem was only twelve, and he would need all the rest he could get oung Clem went out the under to stake the horse eleven. It Andrew,from now on—and to tree began aspen and Anna too.would be hard on him,

Anna tiptoed over to the girls'bed scrape the gummy tar from the where Pandorosa's blond braids frayed mush kettle. And neither

out on the pillow. Anna stooped and looked back upon the good

pulled a little thumb out of Susie's bed.

mouth, mentally remonstrating with The sawdust was damp and herself for denying her threeyear-old heavy in the mill shed. Anna

this small comfort. stopped the saw and steadied

The iron pot steamed with a gummy herself against the great pulley.

stew of aromatic bark. An Indian wom- "Andrew, you and Pandoan had told Anna about the bark. It rosa go fetch the horse blanket

was good for sickness when there was and spread it out there in the coughing or fever. But the kettle could sun. Then, Clem, you shovel

come off now. Anna would need it for this nice clean sawdust onto it

the bran mush. And Clem couldn't smell and spread it out even to dry.

the healing syrup of the bark. Not now. And,it."SheSusie,selecteddon't ayoulikelysteplogin

and rolled it into position.

Anna pushed the weariness "And, Anna,"she added, under the ofwords—histhe night last—"Anna,away. She remembereddon't be lonethe—"youprotectingcut buzza niceofsteadythe greatslicejaggedoff of sawthisly—I'll be close, Anna."log. There was never any crooked work

Young Clem reached under the bunk around my Clem. And no crooked pine

for the homespun shirt that was the coat is gonna box him."

and vest of his spring wardrobe and adFrom the wooden trunk that steadied justed his pants at the waist. the head of the girls'bed, Anna took the

"I'm sorry, Ma, I guess I overslep*. creamy cashmere that was her wedding

I meant to spell you off with the pouldress. It had yellowed a little in the

tices..."fourteen years. And the waist seemed

"We're through with the poultices, slimmer, but the style was still good, son,"Anna tried to make her voice Anna held the neckline to her chin and even. "Your father doesn't need them spread out the full skirt. The strains of

anymore."the wedding march seemed to unfold

O, Ma—""Yes,"Anna said, "just before day- "DEAR GOD,"SHE PRAYED SOFTLY, light.""HELP ME THROUGH THIS DAY."

FEBRUARY, 1944 91 Books -g jr jryy -jrwwwv jrwwar rryjrjr *>jrrwww 'wwrSKTK SggP 3PgrJr-y-y << < **-*<*<

THE CHURCH IN WAR AND PEACE The story of that family, father, mother, the THE BEST PLAYS OF 194243 (Stephen L Richards. Deseret Book three daughters, and their distinguished (Edited by Burns Mande. Illustrated.

Company, Salt Lake City. 1943. husbands, is here told briefly but well. The Dodd, Mead and Company, New

221 pages. $1.00.) author has stressed the "decisive influence"York. 543 pages. $3.00.)

of in of Christianity labors the the Soongs the through become, has last of 1942 and the Sunday Mantle on Beginning Burns their associates. In day, our and when perinstitution than rather a years, for twentyfour weeks, continuing an and

is rising to future of a shaper China become the to nonBroadway given of the son, has for he the of Richards, quorum Stephen L is little this history, especially welbook into insight which plays theatrical the world as apostles, presented an twelve was the come. enhance The many In fed in turn Broadway. has church undoubtedly evening the of speaker Sunday

the of reading A. joy W. plays, of collection Mantle this latest Mr. service, p.m. 9:45 to radio 9:15 illustrationsstory.—/. MWT,

hits as included Tosuch Oklahoma, has these accorded response over KSL. The AS I RECALL THEM Soldiers, the HarWorld, Winter addresses thoughtprovoking thoughtful and Strevell. Nettleton (Charles

Patriots, Stevens & morrowriet, listenMark, gratifying. The Discriminating The of St. Eve most was Printers, Salt Wallis, Lake City.

Kiss Cheek, and Tell. and old, ers, followed The Damask both and week young pages.) 308

editor excepthe usual, an done has after these informative As week, and made usevaried of personal record a and cutting, the preserving tionally of job disThis good talks subject the comment, of much is life interesting ful reading, only not original the play. of essential elements appreciation. cussion, problems Old and

life historical real to It gives of value. but that the It is emphasis interesting to note principles through approached and were

Illinois, past, in the Montana, Utah. and falls deal the period plays war. different on Even channels. Brother and new With

personalities Distinguished Lincoln from establishing in the important epochs to with gift pleasing Richards'speech, of with and logic of thought, topics of everpressing inHeber J. Grant are subjects of the memoir. of our government, with the ideals for

throughout, runs terest out for and reAnd, were brought a new touching of the the events scrutiny: freshing the Foundation; Home, apast.—/.vein ofA.humor,W. which we are so doggedly fighting—M.today.C. J.

of and a TestiNature Power Work; The RAIN SMALL

Tithing; LONG, Health Orthodoxy; and LONG AGO mony; Illustrated Jessie Jones. (Chosen Orton by (Alexander Woollcott. Viking, New Happiness; from and Freedom Bondage Elizabeth Jones. Viking, Orton by pages. $2.75.) 280 York. the are subDebt; of God, Temples among 1943. York. $2.00.) New

jects considered. these as sampling, a for grateful will With especially be READERS title its the exquisite takes from book to invite the attention readchurch of we THE this collection of Woollposthumous

scripture: ers, to the those reading are of and who his droll, for cott, missed poignant they have

unaffiliated, the excellent and useful volume My doctrine shall drop as the rain, stories. These are sketches of people made

that has grown out of the series, now pubMy speech shall distil as the dew, during the past ten years and reveal to the lished under the title, The Church in War As the small rain upon the tender herb, reader, in worthy light, such luminaries as and Peace. Our congratulations to Stephen And as the showers upon the grass. Katherine Cornell, George Bernard Shaw,

for task Richards well our a L charwell as Oliver as Holmes, Wendell done—and illustrated Bible, the quotations from With for appreciation the preservapermanent as light except shines dimly whose artist, this will bring to acters capable a book by tion this of L. E. it. burnishes Woollcott series.—/?. their feeling children kinship of with Cre- a

all stories the the through glows And ator of the love of expression beauty and a inimitable style which Woollcott warms IDEAL MAN, REAL AND in else Bible. the found but nowhere This comforts. C. and M. J. Scribner's Conklin. Charles (Edwin Grant is selection lovely in execution so and book

Sons, New York. 247 pages. $2.50.) that it is to be hoped that a multitude of FOR WHOLINESS HUNGER fifty reof of teaching years and adults as as children well privileged be may Press, Howells. H. World (Thomas The

it, scibiological toOUTsearch, in see it not with a leader only but to live by pages. M.C.J. Denver, Colorado. $3.00.) 307

this ence, It contains born. has been book

the personal "observations and reflections ABRAHAM LINCOLN This unusual book is said by the author on man's nature, development, and destiny."(James Daugherty. Illustrated. Viking, to be "a study of human morale, of our

Whether one agrees or not with the conNew York. 1943. 216 pages. $3.50.) striving toward the remote goals of life. It

clusions, the book is good reading, wholesane, some, thoughtprovoking. and Dr. To tolerancean Americafor fightingthe entireforworld,freedoma newand mightof Life,"be calledor evena an"Wholistic"OrganismicInterpretationPsycholConklin may not be orthodox, but he is biography of Abraham Lincoln seems parogy of Personality."To view life as a

deeply religious; and always deals respectticularly fitting. This book, illustrated in whole is a need of the day; and this attempt

fully with the deep beliefs of man. On altwo-tone lithographs by the author, will of a professional psychologist, to attain the

most every page are wise suggestions that, find a large reading public. In the book complete picture, is of real interest, though

if heeded, would make our day happier. littleknown or completely unknown bits of his reasoning is not always acceptable. CerThe book falls into three parts, The Human Lincoln lore are printed, while the welltainly the author drives the reader to seriSpecies, Development of the Individual, and known is referred to briefly. Thus those ous thinking.—/. A. W.

The Real and the Ideal. These parts are who know well the story of Lincoln will

in turn divided into eighteen chapters. find the material refreshingly new, and for THE SCIENTIFIC LIFE

R. Baker. Macmillan (John Company, first read for their about Lincoln who—/. A. W. those

1943. 154 pages. York. $2.00.) time, there informatien the New that is enough

life his story of has continuity. and our loosely work of science and of speak MAGNESIUM, MINERAL A MAGIC

is This a and book, good one to of science. But, put that deWEage if we were and BrothHarper (Lillian Holmes Strack.

ers, New York. 54 pages. $1.00.) serves to be widely read. M. C. /. it, how many of us could discuss intelligently

its chief contribuscience, the of meaning element long has been magnesiumThe to tion progress, welfare and and human in used ways. minor known, and Reit in period attitude the proper towards our its lightness, cently, of other because and

after reconstruction the of war?

it properties, industrial of has prime become to clarify relative the of minds men To it to importance. promises And, become

little is this of objective the volume; science is briefly told ever. useful more This

it is simple, well In done. excellendy and with sample A. W. ostenfree easilyunderstood from language, thanillustrations.—/.

THE CHIANGS OF CHINA zoologytation, thein distinguishedOxford University,author, lecturerEngland,in (Elmer T. Clark. AbingdonCokesbury probes the soul of science and sets up its

Press, Nashville. 123 pages. $1.00.) relation to mankind as a whole. His call for

Jn the development of modern China, the support of pure science should be heard by

ISoong family, at first humble and obscure, all lovers of human peace and prosperity.

have played a leading and amazing part. It is a book for the day.—/. A. W.

92 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Po etry <<<4 <*<-*< PRAYER FOR A SMALL SON LINCOLN ESCAPE

By Margaret Jenkins By Christie Lund Coles By Frances Hathaway

thee, pictured for homely tasks. Lord, sad him as this have help thank me teach God, well I brooding, the bread yet of darkly The baking Thou me for g avest mylittleownlad WEAnd

To walk upon thy narrow path He knew the worth of laughter To feed a hungry family

And kneel before thy throne. And the moment best to tell My spirit too has fed.

or dull or sad weary When the to anecdote mind sway call, The if he beyond walks my And life sore, burden seems And too, the ego; he knew, weak, And should voice be my Or I paint to cheer the me. clean other fall, than any More man If there he danger might be floor. kitchen the scrub Or thing to do. swift kindly and let speak. angels thine The God,

or of broom in hand, swing The mop pictured as remote him have We suds, of the churning The his fellow near man, walked Yet he living surcease from bring loving deeply Can him, RECIPE Loving him THE BEST floods. being woe my When unselfish can. the As only Townsend Hartman By Florence inspiration, oh, the And

pictured as alone him believe Lord, won't We You blessings today, to number started my that, yet he was And while to working comes That me it, havelonely—heI or It anyminute take two but a would a companioned dream by Was ironing board! the Above way, liberty. that visioned A dream spirits outlook and were lowFor my my Lord, measure dear a So grant,

was blue, Of home to clean and keep,

And my blessings just then I'd have told Some stairs to make thy pleasure, you were few. A LIFE'S VALENTINE A space of floor to sweep.

theyWell, just multiplied as I sat there By Grace A. Cooper TheI'll keepchairstheandwindowsthings shining,from scars, counted. and

Into hundreds and thousands they rapidly thumb or wee finger to count her three, And brush in hand be climbing mounted, NoHer blue eyes were laughing, she danced Thy pathway to the stars!

TiH I'm ready to tell you this quite blessed with glee, minute, A nice browneyed boy from the house next

In all this wide world I'm the most blessed door... LOVE CAME KNOCKING

it. in His one age on one hand was just five, no By Mabel Jones Gabbott

feel povertystricken today, moreSo if you

Just number your blessings the selfsame With pencil and crayon, "It's yours,""It's Love came knocking at my heart, way. mine,"But found therein an angry word,

It will simply amaze you, just as it did me; Together they made their first valentine. With riled resentment built around,

Yes, for chasing the blues it's the best recipe. Two hands and one finger, her age eleven, So that his knock could not be heard.

Faith shoulder bright touched day, one my received seven, Saint's tokens were The Day

I on, quite shrugged But unconcerned;.. pencil sketch crude with crayon and One LOVE TRANSCENDENT I thought, need I had no of God, alone understood she which message A

faith walked turned. never and by And In did decline not note answered By LeRoy Burke Meagher she

valentine. his promised to But be own tuneful her Peace sang melody son, soldier shall want, not myYou I Into soul. heard too late, my prayers each thoughts and loving For fingers twice, counting both hands on While o'er brooding For I was a wrong day; gifts Saint's of all things brought The Day heaping fancied hurt And on hate. will throughout follow you mineAs nice,

The hours you are away. Of candy, roses, and bright daffodils, Now love is gone, and faith is lost,

is frail. far peace colored a note And in crayon and and made away in step shall with you, And thoughts marchMy

another Dear chance, God, pencils, pray, hill gain, prayers each you be onMy... I fail. that vision line And an Demanding answer in just one may Inot all fears transcends love motherFor

To minister to pain. Forever and ever his valentine!

upraise, six times both hands she must Now

Saint's counting the good In memory Days, HERE IS WINTER

WINTER The nice browneyed man from the house By Dott J. Sartori

next door Mitchell Lalia Thornton By is winter to the bed make Here the floor scattered papers all over Has of the seedlets year, the nightgown And is lovely every for gardens, one; pencil hisSUMMER With crayon and words in faithful dress white the dead, muslin define To sitting is in the old for men, Summer life's love of a valentine. whole sun; The

bier. the lay cover cradle on and To is with for blanketed meadows Winter

snow; Winter is for young lads who would a- coasting go. SEED

Autumn is for deep woods, green and gold By Frances Martin Johnson red; and is far thing one stronger the than There folks, is harvest time for grownAutumn land

ahead. stars pale beside the are ripened As moon, biting is crisp for winds, winds Winter are rocks the crumbled churning And by bold; and sand,

its lads, in is for revel young Winter who is slave to seed at ground So noon. summer's cold.

risen small to shoot the one For has sun

Springtime is for song birds, in every glen Whose curving flame has nurtured it from and dell, birth;

Springtime is for lovers, or so the poets tell; And when through weaving seasons growth

But winter is for dark sky and icecrusted is done, mere, A forest springs to gird the crusted earth.

And winter is for young lads who have Yet stronger than the seed of lifted tree not learned to fear. Is harvest from a seed on Calvary!

FEBRUARY, 1944 93 Church

South African Mission Bishops, Presiding Elders

Lomond Ben Ward, Seventh bishop former B. Sharp, of the OgdenJune Arvel succeeds Stake, Orland J. Fox W. Thirtyfirst Ward, City Salt Lake

as Porter. first presidency by thewas named Elder Branch, Box Stake, Fred W. Evans Mission African of the Southpresident Lundberg. Moroni succeeds Hansen

December 31. He succeeds Richard E. Corinne Ward, Box Elder Stake, Julius

Holland, who has served in South Africa H. Campbell succeeds Lafayette R. Nelson.

during the past five years. Brigham City Sixth Ward, Box Elder

President Sharp served as a missionStake, Floyd Jensen succeeds W. Lester

from Dredge. Mission in African the Southary Stake, Barr Stratford Highland Ward, released 1915. to was recently1912 He B. Richards. succeeds Horace Moss

Thirtyfirst of the bishopas Ward eighteen for years, and servingafter apRICHARD E. FOLLAND JUNE B. SHARP KennethHighlandE. ParkLake Ward,succeedsHighlandClarenceStake.H.

pointed to the high council of the Park Tingey.

Stake. Hyde Park Welfare Project Idaho Falls Third Ward, Idaho Falls

Mrs. Sharp and three of their five "VTinetyfour men and boys, includStake, Delbert V. Groberg succeeds Louis

Larch. C. thechildren Aaronic will accompany him to the misof 'L ing every member

Stake, Oscar Kolob Ward, Mapleton able priesthoodsion field. in the ward was who succeeds Jensen. Frank Whiting M.

harvest to the call to work, answered E. Stake, Riverdale Lake View Ward,North Central States Mission beets covered tons of sugar hundred one S. Sheffield Arthur succeeds Bingham Gayle

William Leslie Killpack, bishop of by an early snow in Utah's Cache ValArlington Ward, Los Angeles Stake, the Idaho Falls First Ward, was ley in November. The beets from three Severin L. Sorensen succeeds Vyvyan B

appointed by the first presidency on and onehalf acres filled the Hyde Park Clift, deceased.

Stake Beach Long Ward, Wilmington the assignStake, preside over 1 1 to Welfare Cache North Ward,December

StratLeland succeeds Arnold M. H. Peirce succeeds Mission. the beets the remaining from ment, andCentral States He

ford.

Jr., acre F. Richards, and whoPresident George a half were used by the ward. Stake, Lost River Andrew Salmon Ward,

the for president as mission servedhas Allen. P. succeeds Bolander C. Thomas Prayer Day of four years.past Stake, Branch, Nanakuli James Oahu W.

As a young man President Killpack TYJew Year's Day, January 1, was Kapaona succeeds G. Melvin Glade.

filled a mission in California. * marked throughout the nation as Mink Creek Ward, Oneida Stake, James

Bell, Baird succeeds H. Hyrum J. in with the accordance day of prayer him a will Killpack accompany Mrs. Thirtyfirst Stake, Park Leonard Ward, President Franklin proclamation of D. over preside field, she willto the where succeeds B. Sharp. June D. Racker Roosevelt. the mission. activities ofthe women's Stake, Holger Park Tenth Ward, M

Larsen succeeds Thomas B. Child.

Scandinavian Missions Redwood Ward, Pioneer Stake, Clarence

Accompanying the financial and his- E. Allgaier succeeds Oliver C. Pederson.

torical reports for August and SepSusanville Ward, Reno Stake, Wayne S.

tember from the Swedish Mission is a Grover succeeds William Guy Porter.

letter from acting president, C. F.

Johansson: SHEPPARD FIELD, TEXAS

services Attending at L.D.S. ShepNovember 1 a good, donations show The tithing

Field, Texas, were reguthe following meet who generally spirit is spirit. Thehealthy fine pardlarly in Falls often and participate Branch Wichita

and the testimonies of the gospel are strongactivities:

left Jeffers, First right: row, Elder to Jay W.er.

L. Bean, Bishop PeterGrant William Henry letters from Norway I have received and "& son,Capt. Bittle. E. Chaplain C.

the tell that work is carLindon Albert Pennock, row: Bradshaw, Second and canDenmark

Elder F. Larkin, Willard Jay Guymon, MoniThomas satisfactory manin a in those landsried on

L. Noyce, C. Elder Weenig. John send tor able to they werener. In Denmark Hill, L. William Third row: D. Selin, Henry

foodstuffs to Norway. On September 8, the Dean R. Muir, Darrell H. Matthews.

LAREDO, SERVICEMEN, MISSIONARIES row: Fourth Richardson, AND H. Eldon James John- W. to dinner good a Society gave ReliefOslo

son, TEXAS Wilson, Darrell McBride, B. Jay Vidmar Rex that members. their aged of On a number Clayson, Charles Low. H.

in in English Laredo, services Saint Latterday such enjoyed greatly Saints Fifth those BurSheridan C. row: A. Westman,occasion McKay peoEnglish-speaking by conducted being Texas, are

ton, Crismon. Leo G. seen time been long for a not as had food missionSpanish-American ple of help the the with Sixth L. row: Quinn Eskelsen, Richard Lund- M. hall also in the conducted are aries. being Services in Norway. in homes many abel, R. Pedersen. Clyde group. SpanishAmerican used the by Seventh Earl L. Rust. row: Erwln Newbold, right: left row, to froRt are, in picture the Seen Wiggill Eighth row: A. Raymond Henson, DerrahService Men Allen, Joseph Sgt. Davies, Sgt. Chamberlin, Lucion Lois Hodges, Dora Hodges. Sdiuok, Elder Percy Frazier, Garth Elder row: Back restatistics latest the to Pvt. Monitor C. byAccording Noyc* Elder and Fred Adams, Elder Mabey, Mrs. Demeron—Reported

Photo. Air Corps Weenig. coElder Army John Alden B. Brown, by Cook.—-Reported L leased Hugh by

ordinator of Latterday Saint men in the armed forces, the close of the year 1943 found over fortyfive thousand church members in the uniform of their respective countries.

B.Y.U. Dormitory

Ionefor Hall,thirtyfiveprovidinggirls ondormitorya cooperativespace basis, was opened at Brigham Young

University in January. The hall was

named in honor of the late lone Knight, daughter of Jesse Knight.

94 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Pocatello Third Ward, Pocatello Stake, created from the Hiawatha Branch. Claude Theo Stocking Anderson, born August

Myron L. Western succeeds William E. L. Erickson, presiding elder of the branch, 14, 1894. Excommunicated December 15,

Gee. was sustained as bishop. 1943, in Pocatello First Ward, Pocatello

Veyo Ward, St. George Stake, William Stake.

V. Jones succeeds George A. Chadburn. Excommunications Virgil John Zenz, a priest, born June 10,

Stake, Francisco Sunset San Ward,

Griffiths succeeds SargeFloyd Jacob J. Hugha seventy.S. Wayman,Excommunicatedborn AugustNovember23, 1897, at1906.BountifulExcommunicatedThird Ward,DecemberSouth13, Davis1943,

Lauper.

Baker Ward, Union Stake, Stephen Glen 25,Jesse1943,N.in Beagley,Ferron, Emeryborn JuneCounty.20, 1907, at Stake.Lola Rhodes Zenz, born February 6,

May succeeds Thomas C. Hunt. Mercur, Utah. Excommunicated December 1909. Excommunicated December 13, 1943,

Alamo Ward, Uvada Stake, S. Lorin 6, 1943, Tooele Second Ward, Tooele Stake. in Bountiful Third Ward, South Davis

Bunker succeeds Melvin H. Leavitt. Lorraine Brossard, born January 9, 1920. Stake.

Excommunicated December 12, 1943, at William Frank Zenz, a teacher, born

Stake Presidencies Yale Ward, Bonneville Stake. April 24, 1926. Excommunicated Decem13, ber 1943, at Bountiful Third Ward, Harris SeptemGertrude Hammond, born and Henderson HenryPresident W. Stake. Davis South 15, 12, 1910. ber October Excommunicated Merrill counselors and Rich- A. Lowell

Mission. at Cambridge, England New the 1943, inard been succeeded have H. Wells

18, Scripture Sales born Arlene December Ruth Doherty, PresiPocatello of thepresidency Stake by dent William P. Whitaker, with Jared O. 1924. Excommunicated December 3, 1943, A Hamer Reiser, manager of the

Mission. England Cambridge, New *** reportsAnderson and Twayne Austin as counselors. at Deseret Company, Book

elder, born Hancock, an Heber Joseph threein-one that the the comsale of 1, 1892. February Excommunicated DecemWard, Branch Changes ber 11, 1943, by Kanab Stake High Counbination of Book of Mormon, Doctrine

Dragerton Branch, Carbon Stake, has cil. and Covenants, and Pearl of Great

been organized, with James C. ChristenEdith Kaziah Soderberg, born October Price has exceeded normal peacetime

sen sustained as presiding elder. 18, 1907. Excommunicated December 11, sales by nearly two hundred percent.

Hiawatha Ward, Carbon Stake, has been 1943, by Kanab Stake high council. Most of the books are sent to service

men.

Dr. Robert T. Taylor, secretary of

MISSIONARIES LEAVING FOR THE FIELD NOVEMBER 24 AND 25, 1943 the Chicago Bible Society recently said:

More than five million copies of the

Scripture or Testaments have gone to service men from various sources, yet the call forWeBiblesare isnowundiminished.limited to 1,300 copies a

month of the American Bible Society's missionary edition, although we could use three thousand a month.

Stake Missionaries

At a special San Fernando Stake ** mission conference August 29 at

Burbank, California, President Levi

Edgar Young of the first council of seventy, stressed learning to live the

Gleue, Waltrout Nelda D. Pierson, Nelson, Lola Russon, ripht, row: LaPriei Nan front Left to it inspiration. Don gospel under and teaching Dredoe. Elaine Fox, Balli, Lula Leone Ella director), (home B. Colton

Margaret first E. Harris, Martha E. Harris, R. Pearl Tenny, the of its kind Hamilton, Berrett, E. was The conference row: Schofield,Fem Second Wm.

Cook. Ashcroft, R. H. Elizabeth Brians, Jenson, Mary

Jensen, Catherint Jensen, row: Wilford Learny, Willis L Jacobson, Afton Ballard, held by the stake mission in three years, James C. Third

set for pattern the a series and Bishop. may A. Call, Cook, Don N. Mark Harold

Frost, Frost, Seraphine Ott Frost, Elizabeth Marion Roohaar, Brown, John John C. row: Fourth conferences. C. A- of mission churchwide

Frost, Clark. Porter Alma

Amelia Knight, Y. Knight, present of Sarah those were Mark M. members J. Lambert, R. Among McGavin, Leo J. E. Powell, row: Phil Fifth

Alder. Willard Paul J. Hansen, Hansen,

Marler, Mrs. Bertha T. W. Marier, George H. Wilson, Jr., Henry Heiner, the 223rd and 321st quorums of sevSixth row: Lorin W.

Margaret M. Heiner, Zola K. Price, Elmer V. Price, Nathan C. Tenney. enty Weston N. Notdgten.

Seventh row: Ed. Wilkes, Raymond M. Jensen, Dinah Ann Chadburn, Robert H. Chadburn, Anna W.

Johansen, Joseph A. Johansen, Estella Spurrier. Dedications

npHE Ivins Ward chapel, Wells Stake,

MISSIONARIES LEAVING FOR THE FIELD DECEMBER 15, 16, 1943 * was dedicated December 26, by

President David O. McKay.

Sunset Ward chapel, North Davis

Stake, was dedicated July 18, 1943, by

President David O. McKay.

The Teton Stake tabernacle at Driggs, Idaho, was dedicated October 10, by President David O. McKay.

Indiana Radio

"Cor over a year, reports Elder Rees G.

*"Olson, missionaries in Vincennes.

Indiana, have had a radio program over WAOV featuring transcriptions of the Tabernacle Choir and an address by one of the elders.

Missionaries Released

First row, left to right: Valmai P. Hennessy, E. LaRue Alsop, Don B. Colton, mission home director, December

Nelson. Jensen, Vivian Ida N. Gowers, Loi Beth Brazilian: Wilson, Hagart Utah; Dee CHIHyrum, Lorene I. Reber, L. Joan Lela Slagowski, Lois Nielson, Bowcutt, Segler, Betty row: Walter John Second ton Lisonbee Provo, Thatcher, Utah; Robert Ronald instructor. Berrett, William E. E. Judd, Hoff, K. Clara Scott, Salt City; Lake Andersen, Lee Reader Brigham Howell, Packer, L. Esther P. Simpkins, Daniel Clyde Bingham, row: H. C. S. Arthur Hurst, Third Roy City, Utah; Salt City; Andrus, Quentin Lake James J. Oliver Howell. C. Morris, Ernest Salt City. Lake Allen, F. P. Johnson, Spencer Bullock, Orson Nance, David B. A. row: Fourth Joseph Lemmon, W. W. California: Salt Ralph City; Ash, Henry Lake Alfred Harker. Harker, Johnson, K. Freda Edna Mary Grant Bitter, Bunderson Idaho; Rexburg, James Wood F. Kenley, Evelyn J. T. Fifth Skinner, row: Barney, Knight, Knight, William Lushon Zina James H. Challis, Salt City; Lake Fernelius, Blaine Marvin Boehme. Caroline Layton, D. M. Peterson, Utah; Leola Long, Preston, Idaho; Garth Sixth Richard L. Maxwell, Oliver Ivan Sr., Salazar, T- Eufemio Rudolph Layton, Ruegsegger, row: W.

Harmon, Heber W. Green, ( Concluded on page 112)

FEBRUARY, 1944 95

Teachers of youth will do well to recall frequently the story of Paul who as Saul of Tarsus consumed himEditorials self with persecution of the righteous, and who, after having been converted, did a work of conversion the like of which the world has seldom seen. If the energy

of these young people who seem bent on doing bad leader, the comwise some be touched could only by if the leader benefit reap the now, and Lom/nendatlon and Lnaiienaer to munity would cJLeaderi of Lyoutk werefor hiswiseeffortenough,to bringthetheentireboy worldinto wholesomemight be betteredactivity.

implied scouting, there is an congratulating in So juvenile is given being that publicity the wide With been, extheir Scout that, has as challenge good work satisit is great gaining a delinquency momentum, stand, but let matter the will to ecutives not be content constructive youth anniversary of to the a faction note in the function scouting to will that endeavor they make of for boys if will provide followed, that, movement all lives everywhere. of boys acdirected carefully wellplanned, to seventeen twelve

tivity so essential during their growing period. And as the challenge goes to Scout leaders, it must

The success of Boy Scout work deserves the highest go also to all leaders of youth that they will in some praise. The wholehearted leadership of men who way by some means inspire all young people to greater,

give generously of their time and energy deserves worthier activity.—M. C. J.

great commendation. The plan of scouting helps the

boy during his groping, gangling period, leading him into a wellestablished young manhood. (childhood Ljlanti

So praise is due the Scouts during February for their outstanding accomplishments. T is not all imagination which causes the child to

Yet all this praise and laudation should be merely I people his world with giants. Looking up from his

a further impetus to greater endeavor. In spite of the low estate, he sees adults forever aslant, as a tilted

success of the enrollment, there still remain throughout camera sights a tall building. The heavy hand of an

the world countless boys who have not entered into irate parent crashing down from an awesome height scouting, have never participated in the wellrounded, is as big and terrifying as any nubbed giant's club picbalanced program which this activity affords. Sometured in the story books. To the child, father and

times the program has not been understood by the boys, mother, big brother and sister, teacher, neighbor, the and leaders have failed to explain its advantages. At corner grocer are personages clothed with terrible

other times disturbing personal elements have been alpower and authority, whose judgment may fall with lowed to persist with the subsequent loss of boys who dismaying swiftness and for bewildering causes upon need scouting and whom scouting needs. Sometimes his small head, filling earth and sky for the moment

it is localities have not developed adequate leadership. with dread and doom—but only for a moment, for

It isn't the province of this editorial to go into detail given him to forget easily.

or the scouting program question of the whether about life real giants, to benevolent are There be sure—in is reaching for that matter, the boys program, any other tale. the know grownups who in fairy as They are

for whom it was planned. But once in a while in the full well that circumstance and their own shortcomings

midst of success, it is a good thing to face facts squarely have whittled them down to the size and proportion and take from the squaring of accounts a new determinof frail human beings. With great kindness and conation to better the success. In our church alone, figures sideration they endeavor to close the interminable disare a bit deflating. The normal population of boys in tance between them and the little people, and as they

the stakes between the ages of 12 to 17 is 41,516. draw near, the giant's visage becomes one of light, not

Among Latterday Saints there are in this same age foreboding.

group, 21,501 registered in troops. In these figures the

Childhood begin at home. fear to ought from Freedom challenge finds leader to prove a real his leadership—not uncertainties tearful filled with so already by nature enrolled are already and active, but is those only with who

to it not be made that should concern and questioning or another for those some reason also with boys who for it is but one antidote unnecessarily. There it into suffer translate to possible this program not found have

their lives. the spirit of section 121, verses 33 to 46, in the Doctrine

In a like manner, among other youth groups, while on and Covenants. To paraphrase one of its passages

the surface the work with our young people seems No power or influence whatever can or ought to be maincompletely satisfactory, when the actual numbers are tained, only by persuasion, by longsuffering, by gentleness checked, the need for increased activity is at once apand meekness, and by love unfeigned; by kindness and pure

soul without the enlarge greatly shall which knowledge, the Girls have the BeeHive (1214) parent. who With

sharpwith guile; betimes reproving without and hypocrisy there 11,471, enrollment of of exceptional record really of increase afterwards an forth showing then ness, and girls that about this age, of which means are 22,645

... love.

twice as many girls could be enrolled.

Naturally, the time is still far distant when all young And the direct commandment follows:

it is will program. attracted Yet one be people by any all men, charity towards full of also be bowels thy Let distant future at not that to too not some hope much thy garnish let virtue faith, of and the household to and recreinto attracted the will wholesome be more many in strong confidence shall thy then wax unceasingly; thoughts

ation planned by various worthy agencies that the presence of God; and the doctrine of the priesthood shall

automatically leisure time will be taken care of so that distil upon thy soul as the dews from heaven.

there will be no time for mischief. The old adage still The Holy Ghost shall be thy constant companion, and thy

holds, "Idle hands are the devil's workshop."scepter an unchanging scepter of righteousness and truth;

And sometimes, while the effort to win one more andout compulsorythy dominionmeansshallitbeshallan everlastingflow unto theedominion,forever andand withever.

boy or girl to the right kind of activity may seem terribly hard to make, the results will frequently bring a May we accept these injunctions and incorporate satisfaction that nothing else can. them into the rearing of our children.—W. M.

96 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA <J -L. <s.: --"

rums and auxiliary organizations, which require administrative officers. Evidences and Altogether, the number of persons required to serve

the church officially runs into large figures, and forms a large proportion of the total church membership. This reconciliations is felt, however, to be of real advantage to the church

and its members. By such service a person learns to

understand more intimately the doctrine and objective txxu. Mow fvlamA [-er5on6 Mre of the church. It also awakens a love for the gospel,

which perhaps cannot otherwise be obtained. That

which we serve we learn to love. For these and other

rlecettam to (sffi*icer reasons the church attempts to bring at some time every member into its official service.

the Lkurch: In 1941, the then 138 stakes of Zion had a membership of 709,512; the missions 159,647, making a total

HThere is no priesthood class in the usual sense in the church membership on record of 869,159 souls. Con-

* church. That is, no one is educated and trained to sidering only the stakes, the male membership was

make preaching a profession, or church service a means 50.47%, and the female membership 49.53% of the

of living. Instead, all worthy men, members of the whole. With respect to age, 31.7% of the whole stake

church, are ordained to the priesthood, and all worthy membership was under 15 years; 62.8% between 15 and

women, members of the church, may assist in the neces65 years; and 5.5% over 65 years. It is likely that

sary work of the church. It is expected that every these proportions are about the same in the missions.

member be in readiness for any call that may come to In 1941 there were in the church 138 stakes with an him. From the rank and file of the membership are average membership of 5,141; 1,092 wards with an

drawn all the officers of the church. By officers is meant average membership of 633; and 121 branches in the

all who teach or preach the gospel and who fill adstakes with an average membership of 147.

ministrative positions. Whether at home or abroad, the The ward of 633 members had 200 members under

work of the church is done by the church membership 15 years of age; 398 between 15 and 65, and 35 over

as a whole, and not by a selected class. 65 years of age. Chiefly from the group between 15

No office in the church is for a specific duration of and 65 it had to furnish 126 men and 96 women, or a time. The length of service is wholly indeterminate. An total of 222, for official service.

office may be held for a few months or for a series of Of these 222 individuals, 33 were required for stake years. Usually, members of the church are called to work; 18 for offices of Melchizedek priesthood quodifferent offices, successively, often with intervals of rums; and 171 for direct ward work (including 18

no office holding. There is no regularity in the practice. Aaronic priesthood officers ). That means that in each

The exigencies of time, under divine inspiration, deterward of the group between 1565 years about 56 permine such matters. Such a variety of responsibility cent were in active official church service. The remaingives experience valuable beyond that from continuous ing 44 percent included chiefly those whose duties made

service in one office. Men and women who are thus such service inadvisable for the time being, the sick and

released, recognize the desirability of giving others the the infirm, the indifferent, and those who were absent valuable experience that they have had. from home.

Official service in the church is unpaid. Therefore it Using the above statistics and making proper allowis necessarily parttime service. The officer must earn ances for the branches, it follows from the above figures

his living while he serves the church. For the governthat in 1941, of the 709,512 church members in the

ment of the church of nearly a million people, very few stakes about 247,621 individuals, chiefly between the persons are called to give their full time to the church, ages of 1565 years, were in the official, parttime, and and most of these for short periods of time. Missionunpaid service of the church. This number increases,

aries abroad may give two or three full years to of course, as the church membership becomes larger.

proselyting, but at their own expense. The work of Of this number 140,358 were males, and 107,263 were

the church may be said correctly to be done by an unfemales.

paid ministry. Nevertheless, those who serve the In short, the present organization of the church rechurch in this manner of sacrifice unanimously declare quires the official service as presiding officers, teachers,

that the spiritual reward from such service is far greater and other helpers, not including missionaries, of bethan any material reward that might be offered. And, tween 50 and 60 percent of all members, 15 to 65 years

besides, it has been found that active participation in of age.

affairs gives experience is of real value which church offiClearly, quarter in constant, a of a million people affairs in the church. outside of of the world cial for activity church good, becomes for them- a power

It is expected that all mature members of the church selves, their families, and friends, and for the church understand the gospel well enough to explain and deas a whole. Activity is the key to personal and group

fend its tenets. Experience has shown that those who success.

know the gospel, live its principles, and have a firm The selfgovernment of the Church of Jesus Christ testimony of its truth, may be trusted to serve in official of Latterday Saints, by a vast army of wellinformed, church positions. They are nearly always successful. devoted, unpaid parttime officers and teachers is perHowever, the gospel, as any other subject, to be underhaps the most unique feature of the organization and

stood must be studied and properly taught. To this end work of "Mormonism."

several organizations exist, including the priesthood It may be of interest to note that in 1941 there were quorums, which teach the gospel to all members—from 88,556 individuals holding the Aaronic priesthood, and

early childhood to old age. These organizations, spread 100,893 individuals holding the Melchizedek priestover the church, require a host of officers. hood.

There are also territorial divisions, stakes, missions, The average stake requires an official body of 265

A. W. wards, and branches, in addition to the priesthood quopersons—187 men and 78 women.—/.

FEBRUARY, 1944 97.

Homing

The following recipe has saved the life

Jea kint HUMDRUM DECENCIES ofmixcupmanyoneof milk,cupcows.pourof keroseneFordownusethe(coalin cow'scaseoil) ofthroat.andbloat:one

Mrs. Ada Minnix Bailey, R.F.D. 3., Peru,

By Helen Gregg Green Indiana.

was recently in the office of one of (I am signing my full name, and if any outstanding and most the missionaries labored at Peru, who grandiose structures, bricks have run of these his nineIndiana, surgeons read this, please with communicate whenI bestlovedour country's short.

me.) telethe over him son calledyearold

phone. "So you're trying to build more Dip carrots, cooked whole, in ham or

Had the famous surgeon been talking bricks?"I asked. bacon drippings, then roll in grated cheese

with his friend, Dr. Crile, he could not "Humdrum decencies!"the surgeon and set them to turn a rich gold under the

have been more gracious or more decontinued thoughtfully. "These, I am low broiler flame. Miss B. T., Seattle,

lighted with the call. trying to teach my son. But before I Washington.

splendid fundain him can inculcate this gentle of thought often in furniture paint brush dipped I have A small he must know I am his it conpolish in dusting help corners fine thing is a "magic"to be mentals, was a and whatman so considerate of a little child. No wonfidante;t he must have confidence in what and ornamentation on furniture.—Mrs. M.der he has the reputation of handling Ifsay. E. G Pocatello, Idaho.

is for the that the reason 'chum- "And skillfully understandand patientshis stairs use painting while paint them, To I in middle talks,"the asked, "even my'inglv. step, other every are then these and when days?"busy your of receiver dry, telephone put paint steps. the the was remaining H.. B. Vvhen W. agreed. gracious the "Exactly,"man California. Angeles, Los turned to the father in place, meback

friendship close great, between a calls every proudly, said me "Heand If in the poisons keep medicine any you 'the father, the counselor, the am us—I"First time"dur- "This time! this was atday cabinet, pins crosswise push two through 'pal.'teacher, the then I become And the surthe part of day thating when the in they'll cork. the a dark Even warn bricks."the replacing patients busiest. his Many togeon person beware. was L. H., River, Hood

I this of thought conmore have The I office, sat outer in the Oregon. waitingwere

I believe the the doctor versation more office, that inner did but the inwaiting the reaches for daughter baby age is fine father When surgeon. as he as to a a be conversation. the shortennot tinting colored dresses, try of or dying some I tribute greater not could a pay And for any example wonderful a What first her in white colors. pastel ones various him. is extremely docbusy anparent! Here style flattering simple will and color The

tor who does not let his profession or offset her majesty's charm and you will also anything else stand in the way of debe salvaging a few extra months'wear from her little fine camaraderie between aveloping dresses.—Mrs. /. Y., Coeur Handy Hints d'Alene, Idaho. son. and hishim rrrrrrreregggggggggrar tiZ.ClZtZ

Too many fathers who are busy men Hot water used for sprinkling clothes are almost strangers to their children, Payment for Handy Hints used will be penetrates evenly and rapidly. A garment

taking only sporadic interest in them. one dollar upon publication. In the event dampened with hot water and rolled tight

Neither one really understands or that two with the same idea are submitted, will be ready for the iron within fifteen or knows the other one intimately. the one postmarked earlier will receive the twenty minutes. Miss M. P., Wichita,

dollar. can of the ideas be returned, Kansas. None the telephone after Several weeks

consideration. careful will receive but each to talk occasion conversation, I had

with the surgeon when he was not so busy. "That was a fine thing for a A celluloid toothbrush holder is the very

time next fountain hold thing pen to your I him. told father to do!"A Quick Way to Figure not traveling. be any There you go "I father, smiled the you,""Thank H., G. leaking out on other things.—Mrs.will Percentages I ink I his friend. to Frank know am want Utah. Hinckley,

If close. are to be us always we want Alldredge, Levoy M.S., By and ironing board, the of your protect end instil To it easier the will to friends real be

L. Harold Snow, M.D. it's it rest end not in one on when you to if taught that be must fundamentals

tip cloth or a the with use, lower cover I girl. see, tryand every boy am You If so, out reports? you make P\o protection buy bit of bag. added paper This

'the decenteach ing humdrum to him clean. P. *- Mrs. will cover board sliderule yourself for keep your a about

called has writer cies'the Montague as York. York, V. thirtyfive S cents New New from or drug dime any

I read something other them. day The store follow instructions: these and furniture in or scratches mars deep Cover I and impressed had that me my secreis It average your scratch the attendance iodine. conceals on and with it."tary copy

stain and than economical the of scale a of the slide more rule new ( a much row 1. DFind I interit?"I asked, see much "May job. Utah. Logan, Mrs. V. varnish ) H figures

ested.

From his pocket he took out a paper rollment2. SlideonthethisCscalescaleis sodirectlythat theaboveenon which was written: KITCHEN CROSS? the average attendance on the D scale.

The most elementary, plainest units of By Margaret J. Day 3. You now have the percentage of

rightness in action... humdrum decencies, attendance on the D scale directly bepatiently practiced through millions of unKitchen cross? And food befuddled? low the 1 on the C scale.

getting muddled? points and Counting lives, the bricks myriad distinguished were figures the confused other Don't be by

it daily; architecture a Make advanced of which out chart—consult rule. the slide simple the on Only C and it gaily. meals and do your Plan temples solemn conduct of was all built—thethe scales are needed. D is not, is of romantic Food palaces creeds, gorgeous of rationed—love student engineer or science can Any pot; the into "heart"patriotic Put more of towers cloudcapped heroism,

exaltation. And now, just when there seems Wear a smile and brightchecked gingham, help you make many other interesting

to be such a babble as never before about Count your blessings, and then sing 'em. uses of the slide rule.

98 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA (look's Corner YOU'LL LOVE THE By Josephine B. Nichols

COUNTRYFRESH FLAVOR A onedish meal, shoulder of pork with vegetables:

OF DURKEE'S TROCO MARGARINE!

4 pounds shoulder of pork salt and pepper EVERY POUND CONTAINS Yes, the countryfresh flavor of Durkee's

Worcestershire tablespoons sauce 2 Margarine toast Troco makes taste mighty PASTEURIZED 1 sliced onion, SKIM MILK Margarine Try Durkee's good! Troco on in uniform CULTURED potatoes, cut mediumsized 3

pieces hot breads and potatoes, too! Yourwhole

6 small carrots, cut in strips family will love it!

Brown pork in ketde, add seasonings and SO MILD... SO SWEET... SO COUNTRYFRESH IN FLAVOR

sliced onion, cover and cook at low heat 3 hours. Add vegetables the last 45 minutes

of cooking. Serve on heated platter and

garnish with parsley.

Something new for the lunch box:

Zoom Bars

1 cup flour 1 cup brown sugar V teaspoon salt margarine Zoom \ %x/2 cupscup 3 tablespoons milk

Filling

1 cup chopped dates or figs 3 cup sugar Yi cup water 1 tablespoon lemon juice 1 cupteaspoonchoppedgratednutmeatslemon (optional)rind

Cook fruit, sugar, and water together until thickened. Add lemon juice and rind.

Cool. Add nuts, if desired. Sift and measure flour. Mix thoroughly with brown

sugar and salt. Cut in margarine, add

Zoom, mixing well. Add milk, blending with

fingers. Pack half of mixture in greased

8x8x2 inch pan: spread filling on top.

Cover with remaining Zoom mixture. Bake

in moderate oven (350 F.) 40 minutes.

Cool in pan, cut in 1x2 inch bars.

For your Valentine party:

Maraschino Cherry Cake

14 cup shortening 1 cup sugar OYER 300 MILLION EGGS...

2 eggs Y$ cup milk That's the 1943 production record of our flocks, and this year we hope to 2 cups sifted cake flour set a new record.

2 teaspoons baking powder 34 teaspoon salt "Milk White"Eggs are so uniformly good that during the past year Uncle ]/2 teaspoon vanilla Sam took 85 percent of our total production for war needs. The rest helped

]/2 cup walnut meats, broken to meet civilian needs.

16 maraschino cherries, cut in fourths "Milk see White"When you Eggs at your grocer's, you can buy them in shortening thoroughly, Cream add that sugar full confidence there are none better. together fluffy.and cream until light and

Add eggs and beat well. Sift flour, measure,

add baking together. powder and salt; sift

flour mixture, alternately milk, a Utah Poultry Producers'Add with small amount at a time. Add flavoring. Pour Cooperative Association

into a greased inches. 8x8x2 pan Sprinkle "milk white"eggs and poultry... "norbest"turkeys cherriesnuts and over top. Bake in moderate

oven (350 F.) 1 hour.

The nuts and. cherries give a colorful

and attractive topping to the cake.

PREPAREDNESS—the motto at the battle front. Make it the slogan tor the

Marshmallows Prepare by forming the habit of reading 2 cups sugar THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 24 cup boiling water 50 North Main Street white of 1 egg 12 issues Salt Lake City 1, Utah $2.00

(Concluded on page 100) FEBRUARY, 1944 99 COOK'S CORNER (Concluded from page 99) stir until entirely dissolved. Pour mixture

2 tablespoons unflavored gelatin in over beaten egg white and beat until cool

DUKIOUS, HtARTY Y21 cuptablespooncold watervanilla coveredand stiff. inAddpowderedvanilla. sugar;Pour intowhenpansetwellcut

Add water to sugar and boil until mix into squares; roll in toasted coconut or

ture spins a thread. Add soaked gelatin and chopped peanuts.

DOUBLE YOUR EFFECTIVENESS

By Peter Hunt

BREACH FOR

One Table Becomes TwoRAMHOQood soups because they're made Tt's wonderful what a little paint and in our farmkitchens in the heart imagination will do. It will transform

of one of the West's most fertile seemingly hopeless, discarded objects vegetablegrowing valleys. into things of beauty. For years in my

nearer because we're Thriftyprice and grocers pur Western save Capejunk furniture—outdatedCod shop I have stuffaccumulatedfrom atcosts. transportation tics, barns, secondhand shops—and

5 delicious varieties transformed these "ugly ducklings"into

TOMATO VEGETABLE CHICKENNOODLE new usefulness.

PEA ASPARAGUS My transformed pieces are in smart shops and grace some of the best homes.

Yet everything is easily done. Almost

anyone can do the simple carpentry.

Let me show you.

Above is one of the most satisfying AFTER stunts in my "bag of tricks"which I * The -A hope will start many people off on this If used as a pair, they should be finlike tables Unsightly hobby. alike. between or ished above A mirror

this a dozen. are almost saw Yet a dime are, setting. delightful There a makes

let's half, halves, in the paint table QdsaL practicala say deccolor course, schemes of and many legs enamel, top with and green jade easily that can designs one orative in green, have and dark edged you Perattractiveness. a paint to increase

tables. pair console of Fasten Remembrance stunning

I of peasantstyle, sonally, am fond to the wall the table with a screw scrolls and hearts, flowers, freehand through a stretcher fastened under the ribbons painted with the goodhumored tabletop in back. inexactness which makes peasanttype

Behold, onehalf plus onehalf bedecoration so popular today. A Du

comes two! Pont Service.

ALASKA AND THE AIR AGE

{Concluded from page 86) We bless the adopted children of this through thy receive that word they land may priestall the the of authority holy In of knowledge to a servants come thy territory, this bless of the waters hood, we this of the natives bless truth. the Weand friendly; servthat that be they thy may of of the are land, remnant a who ants, their ride Lord, bosom upon may O bless of loins the Israel Joseph. through Wehouse in security; that perfect peace none and that of Lehi, daughters the and sons them,

their in while depths swallowed be up that servants; thy found they be by may their of the they in duty. are performance of to a knowledge brought they be may

to promises the forefathers their made and that the the the bless land water and Fink d Gold shall We

Chocolates blood of Israel may be gathered to enjoy them. May thy servants deliver unto them

the blessings promised to their fathers, and the Book of Mormon to their enlightenment 'If It's Glade's It's Good'that this land may become a land of Zion and blessing. And now, our Father, we

to the pure in heart. again bless this land that it may yield fruits

100 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Alaska and the Air Age in its strength; that it may become a land of

sanctified to thoseZion who receive thy Hemflimem that thyword commandments; and keep

Israel may be gathered out; that churchesand even temples may be erected to thy IN AMERICA'S KITCHENS

holy name.

Bless the governor of this territory, toWherever good food is appreciated, you'll find these fagether with his official staff; the judges and mous Standard Brands Products. They offer the utmost tn

all appointive officers; the mayors of cities quality and dependability, and they help women f&&

authorities. local theyand uphold May then, that the to meals. plan budget No wonder,

the minister in juslaws people and among frontline give display space, grocers them righteousness. tice and and %km

Bless us, our Father, in our labors in this recommend them wholeheartedly?

land, that the light of truth may come into ROYAL GELATIN DESSERTS their souls and the fetters of ignorance and *ROYAL PUDDINGS

GELATIN SALAD ROYALdarkness are they be which by bound BAKING POWDER *ROYAL in of the pray humblybroken, we name YEAST FLEISCHMANN'S

Jesus Christ, our Lord. Amen.

'Order through your jobber Time and space will not permit a full Products of | account things of the that have many Standard Brands in accomplishedbeen the Alaska by Incorporate brief, missionaries. in But, of copies

the Book of Mormon were presented to the governor, the secretary of state, and to many other prominent persons.

Copies were placed in the library at the

Agricultural College at Fairbanks, and one copy was sent to Nome. Many

more books have been sold to friends and investigators wherever the missionaries have worked. Churches and ******* V ***?2ischools for have been speaking opened M ""-* no* services, the press has and been always uiV-*L0* 'wLv P&"*l,utKa0

favorable generous. the ittPfyPfr** and Perhaps

first Latterday Saint Sunday School was held in Juneau on April 9, 1932, by

Elders Paul E. Iverson, Ray E. Chard,

Edwin B. Cannon, and Dow Ostlund.

These missionaries were also with President Sloan and participated in the rededication of Alaska. Joseph Simpson,

who is said to be the first convert to the church in Alaska, was baptized in the Gastineau Channel on May 6, 1931.

According to President Desla S. Bennion of the Northwestern States Mission, there are at present between two

and three hundred Saints living in

Alaska, with approximately 2,000 members in the armed forces. Three Sunday

Schools are functioning.

What the future holds for Alaska will unfold with time. Its destiny is in

the hands of Providence. WITH WHO LOVES THE OCEAN? Does your family enjoy t***ithe pleasant rightINSTANT COOKING

By Helen Macing withthe-worldbreakfast of hot,feelingnourishing,that comesgoodtastingwith a WHOLE flaked WHEAT that to time say Don't you ZOOM? the has ocean? seen One who

...Who cereal the cooks a prepare hot ZOOMhaven't green; misty of windblown A seascapeloves

stir salted, water. boiling it into instant you hail in to has stood a prow whoOne

simpler. be could Nothing railSpindrift the over seawet R CI EAL

felt leap the has Friday, 8:55 power and Salt Station Lake throughOne who on City, Monday KUTA, TO: LISTEN NEWS

through storm hours darkboundOf a Frithrough a.m. of a.m., p.m. "Dick 11:30 Tracy"and 3:00 Monday on Station KUTA,

sleep.

Saturday, Louis 4:00 p.m. through p.m. P. Lochner Wednesday day, 4:30 on KDYL, the loves ocean? been One who hasWho

On the sandy leagues as the tide comes in

One who has stood at a seacave's throat

And heard the depths of the echoing note of theOut... the ocean'sOf I dulse black, heart—whowho has felthasthe gatheredpulse WHEREVER... NeedlessTHEY toGOsay cherish "The Improvement Era"very much in th*

And hunted shellfish over the strand, service, as it is often the only contact I have with the church for long periods,

One who looks seaward beyond the land. during phases of our training which are away from towns where it is

Who loves the ocean, has tales to tell, possible to attend branch or ward meetings....

And dreams of high worlds in a seaborn Sgt. Gareth W. Lowe

spell.

FEBRUARY, 1944 101..

Letter To My Son A FRIEND INDEED The army(Concludedmeans frommy boy,page my87) neighbor's boy, the boy from up the street,

Springs from the boy AveWarm f&LJtfuL (jJcUtiimsL TTfaaL fihwwt nue, the from south of and the boy

Royal Enriched Bread contains important vitamins and iron, tracks. Don't use the army [or an

supplying extra nutritive value... doubly important in warexcuse.your ownYoukind.haveWhyalwaysshouldsoughtyou

time lor the extra energy everyone needs. And you can alchange because you are a soldier?

ways depend on the daily freshness and deliThat "water seeks its level"is a cious, natural wheat flavor of this fine bread. wellestablished fact. I remember

Serve it at every meal. Apostle Ballard's once saying, in effect, "To gain eternal happiness a

man must not only get to heaven,

Tan* In but he must feel at home with the "SAM ADAMS. YOUR HOME FRONT company he finds there."That is

QUARTERMASTER"why living clean for some one beside

Every Monday, Wednesday. Friday yourself lacks strength. You will not

9:30 a.m.—KSL remain long among a group with

which you have nothing in common.

Fresh Every Day I mean you will not be mentally or

CO.. BAKING SALT ROYAL LAKE & OGDEN At Your Grocer's spiritually with them or of them.

of 50 Years Service More Than Progress and

A fter saying all this I wonder if

Life is so full of surprises. Boys who * -X -X -K -K -K -K I know what I am talking about.

"L. D. S. Business Training Pays"have been thought strong sometimes

fall easy prey to circumstances. Boys

who have been thought weak prove themselves strong. The surprise

might mean we just didn't know; or,

it might be due to a factor I cannot LINCOLN explain.

is your surest prowas born in a log cabin of\e&mb\eta And then there tection. The factor mentioned above

"Efficient School might be this. When you were a—but he didn't stay there! boy, you fussed a great deal at

night. I found if I put my hand

What are your plans for the future? A thorough course of through the bars of your crib you

would grasp one of my fingers in training at L. D. S. Business College is good preparation for anyyour little fist and immediately fall

one who plans a successful business career. asleep. Merely knowing I was there

was your assurance. Prayer is that

Information gladly furnished on request. touch between you and your Heavenly Father. You ask, he gives.

Through prayer you rest secure in that the knowledge are never you L.D.S. BUSINESS alone. COLLEGE not Thank of all God we

Utah 70 North Main Street, Salt Lake City, people most miserable. know areWe

* * -K -jc -K -jc -K -K thisdays lifeare cutis onlyshortahere,prelude.we stillIfhaveour

all eternity in which to finish our task.

QhailsunqsL This then is the letter I would write. It falls so far short. Words

I received the September issue of "The Improvement Era."are such inexpressive things with

Sure was glad to receive it. Wish that I had been taking it all which to convey the burden of a

the time. mother's heart. Perhaps only God

fully can you understand make what

I in the the that only wasn't one enjoyed it. Whencompany

to say. I wanted Because I am short- I I for it. find the read, to time ever the tent to look all over have

One of the other boys would have it... sighted I do not ask specific favors

... I suppose someone just had a copy sent to me.... I thank for you, but I do pray constantly

them with all the thanks I can. For there hasn't been anything that our Heavenly Father will wrap

that I have enjoyed any more. you about with his protective mantle

Pvt. Charles Parkinson, and bring to pass that which will be

APO 926, c/o PM best for you and the cause you repSan Francisco, Calif. resent.

Mother.

102 the improvement era News From The Camps <<<<<<-<-<<<-<<<<<<+<*<<*<<<*<<<*+*<<<<<+<<<<<< XB333Sn3nBBB3B3SSSaa

were more plentiful than fresh water. The Cross Service Club at Casablanca, French

sabbath was regarded as any other day Morocco, and were under the direction of with attendance to regular duties required. Corporal Ira G. Belnap. There were twelve

My voice has searched for a listening ear members present. Officers were elected as

and poured into many such a few principles follows: Corporal Ira G. Belnap, superinof the gospel. But, each time a little protendent; Corporal Lyman E. Kimber, first

gress is made—a new group have become assistant and music director; Private First my companions—new faces among which Class Fred Haycock, second assistant;

but few have time for the words of one who Sergeant Jack Yates, secretarytreasurer;

HONORS—IN LIFE, IN DEATH is regarded as "unnatural."Yet they've seen Private First Class Donald Robinson, asentertained Peterson, Colonel Left: who Arman secretarytreasurer."sistant life I've the clean respected and lived. Many royalty; English right, Staff Melvin Sergeant J.

to regard Meetings advice while grew as worth were held each Sunday mornmy Doolittle Gardner, Major who accompanied a on famous mission. and began to confide their troubles and ing at the Service Club, with an average

looked to me for a solution. By my actions, attendance of eleven members. The course

the Articles of o/ Faith, allegiance adopted study I have shown was and my Arizona friends. text E. gained supThis have Talmage. was James by many Whoto GodknowsColonel Arman Peterson of Flagstaff, but the there of small plemented some seed planted what Era, which were by an by

Arizona, reported killed last July on his example, may grow and mature. several copies among the members, and by

43rd flight over enemy territory in Europe, Gordon R. Stettler other literature, including the four standard

before his death played host to the king and works of the church, contributed by the queen of England at headquarters of the members. Records were kept of each meet78th Fighter Group which he commanded. Key West, Florida ing.

Anthony Eden, another visitor, took a permusic director for the navy in the Late in March 1943, due to military dethis liking representativesonal to Latterday As troops, the the of velopments and movement I area and Key have Miami had West the atSaint, 28, of colonel a age and had necessity, organization dissolved. was, of great to slip opportunity occasionally in a

call his at times several home. himhim on original time, that the members Since have Saint during services the Latterday hymn

his withColonel Peterson popular men, was scattered considerable over a been amount the lovely of very melodies and of some flight, refateful the they had on whenwho left the territory. records of were However, fast are favorites our great becoming hymns

their to discovered baseturned him and in the custody of Corporal Belnap and here. with the men

missing, refueled orders without and went future Yates, for to preserved Sergeant be I of recitals part play As organ work my in at search the of course overback once reference. three times for the this each at week men

of the Professorhim. and son Mrs. was He yours, Sincerely station, the people of also and West, Key

Flagstaff. Peterson ofA. C. E. Corp. Kimber Lyman in the requested most and Miami numbers

Staff of LinGardner Melvin Sergeant J. B. William Corp. Hopkins are the of the arrangements hymns Mormon

last of sent Aprilden, 4 Arizona, year on I that the made, have with Tabernacle parents, his to Mrs. Clark and Mr.word Choir the theme Raise Sacred "Gendy

for leaving thatGardner, unhe an was list Strain"leading the Pacific in as both the organ an Somewhere of destination. him news Next camenamed solo choir a and number. mobile organized a ward, have a that the he radio a announcingover was sincerely, Most WE all that the to speak, Morward, so Doolittle's taking of group Majormember Stanley R. Plummer of are within attend range can mons who in Melvin, the ofpart an bombing Tokyo.

elder in the Linden Ward, made arrange- * # * Wherever we go we try to ments to have his tithing sent direct from In the Pacific keep it together.

are battalion that of group first left for Mormon Some heheadquarters monthly when appreciate church, our home, our we quite attendance. here, have so an we duty.overseas Now

gospel, our far did * * * than bemore we of It deal great a reminds Joseph how me fore. prompted were know we why we Now early pioneers the must of some and Smith has (32-C-l) Beckstead A. toSamuel that testimony. say a had we we Now I felt openair attended our when have St. PreFlight into Hall stepped Mary's are peculiar a people know and we why church. effort in 1:39.8 of with amazing an Fame the of feeling Lord. rechosen are the We is thicket It in located jungle on and a race, shattering the course the obstacle living sults the of of of Wisdom, Word it quiet and seems so mornings Sunday set 1:40.1 six by weeks Walter mark ago tithes, daily prayers, our of paying and our finer feel of presence the peaceful, can you of Nickels Toledo, Ohio. A. rejoice in privilege the of and knowing we is spiritualities than beautiful and more the quarterback he on Jordan While was principles. living these and in home. wards back manifest many We of school high Utah, team Sandy, which are forced Often into environbad we priesthood meetmeetings, sacrament have state the regular championship, and awon are for to able ments attend not and church is it just as meetings, testimonial ings, and team, basketball his high school Cadet on at time, even weeks and but months a soon home. in part never track taken Beckstead had to learn the grasp throw good and we away orhigher of that are worthy names The until the the to joined took he Navy. He is evil. that gather us which around We to the sent dinations voted are and upon, left in sport hurry, a however, he and when those true sincere are and soon and who bethat particular person to which ward Flight Preparatory the Luis Obispo San to hold our communions we know how own that that the longs, recommendation with the for carried record he with School him with God. priesthood. the in person be advanced there. the obstacle course Pfc. T. Johnson, Harvey U.S.M.C. rust as as just deep as and I'm brown his for recordBeckstead warmed up

butterbean. as healthy a sprinting to here breaking run yards 220 by

still chin I to close and pounds 210 weigh his mile relay half battalion help a win and Sicily in Somewhere put 230pound a with and myself one arm put. shot the capturing by the reading issue I of 1943 August easily arm. with keep one overhead man While is of the son Mrs. E. Mr. and Samuel He the wrestling, article besides across Era, 'came on active an boxing and we by my Salt Beckstead, 868 Emerson Lake

etc. the organization concerning 479 page of bar work, handstanding, a City. Eaglet Avenue,—The in in night, article Africa. except School North every Sunday shows The have * * * We

reads in part: "Sergeant Arthur H. Brown cases of air raids, etc., books to read, difLittle did I realize what Army life was has written for supplies for what is believed ferent sports to keep us occupied—we never and what would confront me. The vile to be the first Mormon Sunday School eslack for morale builders—we keep too busy

and foul language shocked me, a few weeks tablished in North Africa."With all due to have time to worry or fret about anylater when I was assigned to a unit, at a respect for Sergeant Brown and his fine thing.... And just remember that regardless

training camp. It was quite the opposite of organization, we wish to challenge that of how bad anything is, nothing can be half

anything I had met as a missionary. The statement. as bad if your attitude toward life and conobscene stories made me want to stopup The following is an excerpt from the diary curring events is right. Like begets like;

my ears. The smokefilled rooms made my of Corporal Lyman E. Kimber: "On the think happiness, you'll have happiness

eyes watery and sore and made me feel morning of February 14, 1943, we L.D.S. think peace, you'll have peace, regardless

suffocated. The messes seldom served anyboys held our first meeting in North Africa. of physical participation.

thing but tea or coffee. Beer and liquor Services were held in the American Red Amos Porter

FEBRUARY, 1944 103 Melchizedek Priesthood

k. >k,tfc.'">a-"Ts i h 't| jf|)t| 'l Jfr Tfrii "Sh> "fori

CONDUCTED BY THE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE—JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH,

CHAIRMAN; JOHN A. WIDTSOE, JOSEPH F. MERRILL, CHARLES A. CALLIS, AND HAROLD B. LEE

ft&AAoaaL WsdfyntoL tieseffortwherewouldtemplesmostarecertainlylocated. Suchexert ana itbe beintroduced.discontinuedBriefand outlinesthe new appearcourse

Fasting and Paying Fast Offerings great influence for good on many who each month in the Era through which indifferent their reto quorum now churchwide conformity of work may be this column are 1942 Eta, the NovemberTn sponsibilities. this In interconnection maintained. 'responthe of statement carried a est also in could developed geneabe

activities ofsibilities Melchizedek and logical is closely work, assowhich commitwelfare personalpriesthood in the ciated ordinance with done work first read: tees. paragraph The temples. the genealogical commitThe

to induce Recreation Literature members with quorum Labor in tees the stakes and welwards would full tithe payers, prayerful, obtothem be opportunity an to cooperate come with of the social and miscelobservers of the ofservers Wisdom, Word the in of the quorums priesthood such "*"KTembers laneous in Melchizedek committee the observers day, of and theof Sabbath law of the fast an endeavor. priesthood quorums may spend a few

Accurately speaking, there may not profitable and enjoyable hours thumbbe a strict "law of the fast,"but "fasting QkudL. 9n&iAudtwtL ing through some of the available books

and prayer"have been enjoined upon and pamphlets devoted to the matter of the Saints. (D. & C. 59:14; 88:76; 88: Course of Study social entertainment. From such read119.) There has, by common consent, "Drom reports available it is evident ing, the committee may gain what can

called recreation of philosophy a be "** practhe in the church establishedbeen folall are that not groups quorum all their underlie planning which would refraining oftice church members by prescribed the lowing of course study times. philosfor a quorum good Such first the Sunmeals on eatingfrom two the priesthood commitMelchizedek by

in will recreation of answer come ophy fasting. call This month. of eachday we council twelve. tee the of of the

is questions, the to the purpose "What thus the meals of equivalent twoThe interesting this year a and most For leisuretime enjoychurch-inspired of his is to the given by, membersaved is instructive course recommended, The is the of importance play ment? What is offering. fast thebishop. The This selections the from Kingdom, Gospel

life? in person's enare a good is What offerings fast from obtainedmoney writings Taylor, discourses of and John

specivalues, tertainment can and how in for caring bishop the needyused by president the church. third of the Very

fic of entertainment measured forms bechurch members. little character strength of of the and

in values?"those of Recreation, terms

It is that personal is this each the hoped be great to leader majorby known recreation, particularly must quorum its see best will to this Saints, ity thatwelfare committee of do so Latterday the timefilling activity. not merely be A its of field inob-that offers quorum of every member course newness a and

is child serious never than when more offerfull fast fast is It interest. a therethe tenseserves pays and recommended,

told. play, be at are That may we will soing. in fore, does that the monthly member February Each who

right adults. true the equally of Given at spiritual in andhimself meeting, placed leadership be power emphasis grow

their right leadership the program, and less his for help timethe the unusual provide afforded opportunity same on recreation. recreation true can become brethren.fortunate priesthood the of Melchizedek members

quorums and groups in the study of this A few minutes spent in consulting the excellent course, and that all class inlocal library's shelf of recreation literastruction chairmen be advised to take ture, and time taken to become familiar of activity manuals the community with is It this study. of course up at onceTempleGoing

will years, past for pay the the M.I.A. that the last year's where usually quorecommended are worthy manyTPhere in is called again Attention dividends. course that yet completed, has not been

if ever, seldom, members who booklet, r rum church the to newest particular go to the temple. During the winter Recreation in the Home, Only by study

months a project to encourage members and preparation of this kind can memto do temple work could very consistSTUDY QUESTIONS FOR THE bers of the social and miscellaneous ently be launched by the church service SEVENTY committee hope to provide a feast rather committee. {See article, page 78) than a famine of good times for their

the authorities of presiding The quorum brethren. all reasons the can you 1. Give that recently havechurch recommended the of is one the Book of Job why hunfor one ordinancesthe endowment literature. of the masterpieces world's

dred thousand male names now on 2. What was Job's station in life SixduL QommiiisuL

file in the temples be done by the Melbefore trials came to him?

chizedek priesthood quorums under the 3. Satan is permitted to test Job by "Demember that the chairman of the

direction of this committee. sore trials. What were the sorrows ** stake Melchizedek priesthood

There is no service in the church of Job? committee is a member of the stake

more powerful in promoting spirituality 4. What was the reasoning of the presidency. He could call the commitvisited friends three him? Did who of condition the tee to together study requirements gospel to devotionand

life right outlook a they have on stake the within in the and so dein quorums performed the ordinancethan work their punishof idea rewards and in to emphasize phase termine which Lord. of thethe Those who enhouse ments?

gage in it are reminded of solemn obli- 5. Read the words of the Lord as the process of bringing the quorums to

gations resting upon them and the found in chapter 38 of Job. Comment a healthy conformance with the general

sacred covenants which they have made on their wonderful thought and lesprogram. One group may be strong in

as church members. son. the personal welfare phase, but weak in

6. that Show Job won out in life a Strive to maintain class instruction. project to encourin each quorum A

faith patience. and by withthe activities balance of all normal activity this should be commencedage

without delay, especially in the localiin each group.

104 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO COLUMN PRIESTHOODTEMPLE Conducted by EXCURSION Dr. Joseph F. Merrill

More and More/ and What Otattstics are not heartening. We

** read that more and more people are smoking, that tobacco companies are still spending enormous sums in advertising cigarets and other forms of tobacco, that consumption of beer has reached an alltime high, that more and is liquors, for distilled spent beingmore recent successful Chairman of the Twentyeighth Ralph reports a Ward, E. Simpson South Ogden Stake, Wardetc. In of the darkappearing view assisted excursion to priesthood for baptisms was represented, the Salt quorum by girls in which each Lake Temple

privilege. J. Hess, Proxies School earned the Calvin were from had accomplished baptisms the Sunday who who 323situation people indicate discoursome

Quist, Corey, Taylor, Shirley Jacobs, Shirley Dean, Reg Arnold, Bushman, Dame, Glenna Grant Tingey, Jan Marlow Deeagement. is unfortunate. It is the This Jesse Clarlean Harbertsen, Crittendon. Vernieuw, West, Margaret Ethel Georgia and Lyman,

very thing all who profit by the liquor business tobaccoand in all its ramificaspect. of the quarterly International death "Where there is a will there is his

tions rejoice to see.

paper. temperance a a way."Record,

But the truth is that local option and i -r t demands for a stricter control of the whole drinking and smoking businesses Guy Hayler Passes What Can. sl (bonsLl

inare of growing parts America, some interlong Hayler, 18501943, Guy is that record shows what a may so that these businessesso are much nationally as leader a devoted known "LJere** priesthood a quorum done be by afraid. are they spending inmuch Hence the prohibition, of cause died Septemin required doing as temple group work in efforts to convincemuch the money his 23, ber 1943, at near London. home

his of the Lord. people by thatpublic loyal, are they lawabiding

in 1856, in child signpriests back the high a when group quorum The Way to seek interests theand best ing felt total abstinence the pledge, he Emigration Stake Eleventh of Ward all the inof sheep's people—wolvespromote spirit deeply "his that total impressed so of enrollment of 56, has was a whomclothing.

stirred within him."Later, 26 are either physically incapacitated or

shall do, are What we who we stake. the absent remaining from The homeless set for and orphan, an out hecharged the carrying with noliquor- on taken have 30 members endowments with inteneagerness London; what andtobacco our people? campaign among for the during year 1307 1943 told, often has tion he himself his threw andThe answer is—redouble our efforts, whole energy into the struggle against the In addition, numerous baptisms andpersons.sealsecure many more enthusiastic workers, liquor trafBc. Never for an hour, through ings have been performed by this loyal

diligently study local problems, and go all the long years, did he turn from his selfgroup of high priests.

task. spirit imposed in of of theforward genius servlove and was a rare man He Dr. is the group Joseph F. McGregor

in and virtue, big sterling of his humanity,ice in efforts to win. the with Contact leader.

veracity singlemindedness. andofficers all priesthood of quorums, This for others to is an example

Melchizedek and Aaronic, should be He was the founder and editor until low. folmaintained, urging them to comply with

the request of the first presidency and towin users their members among abMelchizedek Priesthood Outline of Study, April, 1944stinence. Personal conmethod? The

tact by wise, sympathetic, and tactful Text: The Gospel Kingdom: Selections from the

brethren who will persist until the vicWritings and Discourses o/ John Taylor tory is won. Let no one say nay, for it

can be done, the Lord helping. The

General Committee, Church Office LESSON 13 (compare with the first question posed

Building, 47 East South Temple, Salt Review of First Quarter's Lessons above)? What is the relation of truth's

to value the of upbuilding Zion? up Look 1-4 literature City, helpful inclusive. chapters that lesson hasLake Text: This

the of meaning Discuss thoroughis flexible device, outlined to as permit awill free sent request to workers. on be last the ly topic, for the reopen ipse"Wedixit.are late to starting to catch groups up, compenFurther, committees other stake and all truth."of ception

sate for or meetings for adjourned stake offifrequentlyshould the with check general purposes, conference reaother or 1516 LESSONS allcers of auxiliary the stake and ward sons. try leaders the should cover Class to Latterday Truth: Saint Attitude The reorganizations see that one to each particular outline during month's each

peats year by year the noliquor-tobacmonth. Frequently, short lessons are outText: pp. 4951. Topics: Truth, Error,

co program furnished by the general lined to permit groups to cover two or more and Tolerance. Truth and Intelligent Judgboard of each organization respectivein one meeting as local conditions may rement.

ly. A few years ago there was outlined quire. Discuss: (Reviewing from the final topic

limitations, in last week.) actual What to each board be repeatedby a program 14 LESSON

practice, President place Taylor's do on we instructyearly, to designed so and for Truth Quest The all for that truth? statement are open we the thatmotivate the of youth church 4749. Topics: Constant Text: The pp. individuals, to as means, do have What we abstainers.they as So, would up grow of Truth. Search. Value Power The The truth? discover does and means know What

theour church the youth of of work with Truth. Role of Truth. The Are "We family the have? sochurch? The Modern

..."of All Truth. for the Receptionis extremely important, Open must be and ciety, the statedoes know as we it? What

continued! Discuss: Why would President Taylor ment (p. 49) mean, "I am a Universalist,

Also, every stake committee should commit the Latterday Saints to the acceptand I am a Presbyterian, and a Roman true revealed principle Catholic, of ance a Methodist"? must and "any by any What projlocal conditions devisestudy and

in. the revealed before portrayed occur as those well as or man,"scene "Truth God, "by

will carryingects, the imout of which justificaangels"? and Intelligent can be accom- (p. 47.) by holy Judgment"What

prove the situation. Law observance tion exists for men to claim individual fame plished? Avoid trite phrases and discuss the

and law enforcement committees have as researchers? What do you suppose John problem as to how the "light of the gospel"

proved to be very helpful in this reTaylor meant by "philosophical truth"can be "spread forth."Really, how?

FEBRUARY, 1944 105.

Aaronic Priesthood

4 4 4 4 4-4 4 4 < <<+ CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

WARD BOY LEADERSHIP haUsuvjin dfaaftdA. (IjduBl SpaakA, COMMITTEE OUTLINE OF STUDY

MARCH, 1944

LINCOLN Text: HOW TO WIN BOYS SHERANIAN

Chapter XV: The Law of Substitution

Quotations from the Text:

1 Before we think of human nature, why not look for a moment at mother nature, herself? Did I not read or hear

years ago that nature abhors a vacuum? And didn't you as well? The old

rule of something in place and someVARD thing taken quite as old as the out is L. hills. proverbial eternal OPENSHAW

2. My friends, the Don't Family seemed

to have a very, very large progeny and tragically enough ninetenths of THE CLEAN LIFE them became teachers. And fully half

priest felt in the Lincoln of is a those Beverly teachers called they were is in teacher the ordained an "XTard to teach boys. Stake. Angeles Ward, Los

Stake. Uintah "Naples Ward, to critically But be saved from unfollowing deaddress He HillsThe was

16, April 1939, a ordained deacon was pleasant mail, in I rush with another livered o/ quarter- a session before

I present time the that to thought: date from and True, not would have a ly stake conference.

I disrespectful class. True, not would has attendance maintained a 100%

class have a given to plain over and meeting, record at priesthood sacrament priesthood should 'T'he be honored by riotous fun is Bible study of the when meeting, School. Sunday and all for hold Disregard those who the for calling only ground tothem certifies Lavell Bishop to Manwaring the of dishonors I gether. commandments again, not True it.God want would

this the record of unusual accuracy and teacher a for could stand not priesthood. the Savior up who said, "Be The

his own rights as master of that class. further states, "He is now general secye clean,"and commanded us to "Let

But my claim is that nineeighths of a retary of the ward boy leadership comall things be done in cleanliness before mittee. teacher's lies boyclass trouble is also in secretary the of the He this commandment, obey God."To in all method that. stopping used reports are ward Y.M.M.I.A. His fully the understand alhowever, must we illustration easiest is to that The use time."on ways cleanliness. significance of Cleanliness It of a crying baby. 1. is given a chance

to laugh and it ceases crying. Give a is next to Godliness and is best deboy an active program, a "Do"profor it means something for nothing. scribed by our own eleventh Scout law

I've Substitute. myself out teachworn the disapis mischief watch clean."clean Scout keeps—"A He gram—and

little ing to boys. games more The pear. in thought, clean for stands and body

is It better. active the the godly, game, 3. all at the bottom Get misboyhood's of sports, habits, clean speech, clean and class to the time teach take proper It directed will activity! It to time. take travels clean to with crowd. a be So of that play the eliminate forms element will be, perhaps, term what we'd "a

really clean physicalclean one must be still, of better fraud. chance and And bother,"it will as But pay begin you

to substitute some good activity for a a boywinner will give a certain time ly, mentally, and morally. Athletics or

poor one. each week to mingling in his classathletes requiring the greatest output of

4. A boy comes to your class with boys'forms of play. physical energy depend for success uptousled head and a bit of real estate 6. A final substitute. If you would teach on a sound body. No body but a clean

behind his ears. Do not land on that citizenship, you'll do your best work one is sound. Bodily laziness, like

recall Instead, youngster: dear he's boys. again on using young now And indifference, laziness mental moral and

brighter nickel. the than Substitution. coined a newly of lay so Law Why spells letters in disaster large for the

praise that spickand-span stress Instead, You boy drunkard? much on the

athlete to wishes or for any one who to He'll him. next catch build on. He's keen of concept a clearcut a good

as they make them. Substitution! sober citizen, who is so useful and so succeed in life. Therefore, if you keep

5. He may play marbles for "keeps."fair to his home and children and his clean in every way, physically, mentalMost boys do and it is the first juvenile community and his church! Stress the ly, and morally, you are bound to bestep toward the practice of gambling, (Continued on page 107) (Continued on page 107)

MINIDOKA STAKE AARONIC PRIESTHOOD BANQUET

Under the direction of the stake presidency and with the full cooperation and support of ward bishoprics the banquet pictured below was held honorino accomplishments of the Aaronic priesthood. The Emerson Ward deacons were presented with the first Standard Quorum Award in the Minidoka Stake.

The banquet was served by the stake Relief Society mothers.

H

Ward Teaching

OSOPCOOOgOSOPgOCOOOCCOOCOOOOgOOPOPSOOPgOCOOOCCOSOgOOgQO

WARD BOY LEADERSHIP

COMMITTEE OUTLINE OF STUDY WARD TEACHERS {Concluded from page 106) results that come from unmuddled The teacher's duty is to watch ofer the church always, and be with and thinking. strengthen them;

7. And in resume I merely pause long And see that there is no iniquity in the church, neither hardness with

enough to add that it is not for humans each other, neither lying, backbiting, nor evil speaking;

to cast aside habits, practices, methods And see that the church meet together often, and also see that all the or thoughts. Our teaching province is members do their duty. (D. & C. 20:5355.)

to lay intelligent and warmhearted stress upon better habits, better practices, better methods and better thoughts. The elimination will take lA/ard ZJeacheM FVIeddafle for rvfarck, 1944

care of itself.

Helps for the Class Leader: 'THE FIRST AND GREAT COMMANDMENT"

This is a very vital lesson. It cannot be A learned lawyer approached the Savior and asked, "Master, which is

adequately presented out of casual prepara- ** the great commandment in the law?"Jesus replied, "Thou shalt love

tion. carefully class plan should leader The soul, heart, with all thy with the thy all thy all thy and and with Lord God

of the stress specifically to each and name is first (Matt. 22:3638.) the great mind. commandment."and This

illustrations suggestions. author's For and giving all the to oneself wholehearted suggests of heart"thy "With the suggest instance, author does what we

spirit, his his of giver loving the the of of as the Father Father Heavenly the in teaching to avoidemphasize boys use of intoxicating liquors? (See No. 6 his life. It suggests that personal opinions, ambitions, and desires be made

above.) subservient to the will of the Father and this willingly and without reservaHow may church activities for boys distion. In no particular does this attitude imply the surrender of free agency. place evil habits? Be specific. Quite the opposite—it evidences intelligence in the exercise of this gift

in choosing to follow God's infallible rules of conduct in preference to clJDidt]fL Spsmkdu man's"Withawkwardall thyandsouY'erringsuggestscourse. that at all times the spirit and the body

{Concluded from page 106) be in perfect accord in the loving of God and the keeping of his commandcome a success on any team in life you ments.directionInofthisthesituationspirit. Herethe appetitesthe statement,of the "Theflesh submitspirit istowillingthe intelligentbut the

choose. is flesh flesh for not hold, the the weak,"does pupil obedient of becomes

I talk like about to Tonight would its is rightful It efforts the spirit, only spirit master. of the the and when

for just requirements three of these one desires the the are of properly that not coordinated the body of powers is cleanlicleanliness. "physical This soul dissipated. spirit are the in the between the the and Harmony body

first is step important theness"which is loving affecting the surest of of the soul. salvation of the God way

first life. question clean atowards The this great suggests all that incubator of thy thought mind"and "With

is arisesthat to enough normally easy everlasting righteousness. springing into well action as a are the up be We out. carry to harder butanswer much

is total in is minds. goes our of spoken, action on what no word sum No is: physical question does "WhatThe the of suggestion mind. taken, the Everything did, the without or Jesus

life?"forcleanliness require In clean a in age, the the great or prophets, expression any mental outward of was

I all this question, shouldanswering "first activity. feature great the stipulates of This that and commandment"

is thatseriously physical to say have the of not, mind, expressed in or every action product in whether be comcleanliness requires conscientious a and will divine the agreement plimentary with of our Heavenly Father.

intelligent of observance the of Word heart, his soul, his his consecrate of us mind, dedicating and each Let to should This muchWisdom. mean energies, gifts, to the powers, of the the and great to these and work Lord

it not, for apparently yet doesmany, first great "the commandment."and of keeping

all of ofalthough the know we Word

Wisdom, many of us know it only as being a commandment to refrain from using liquors, tobacco, tea, and coffee. Now that we know what physical All of us are striving to be successes

The Word of Wisdom should mean cleanliness requires of us for a clean in life, and competition is so keen now much to you than just this for there are life, a second very logical question that it would be more than worth our many other matters of equal importance comes up. This question is, "What are while to live a clean life. A clean life

that should be considered in acquiring the rewards or benefits received from is important for one's life, happiness, a clean body and life. I don't mean by living this physically clean life?"It can efficiency, and for the whole human

this, though, that to refrain from using be answered by telling many incidents race as well. The five best doctors anyliquors, tobacco, tea and coffee is not of how those who have lived the Word where, and no one can deny it, are the

important. Just one item like not being of Wisdom and a clean life have obdoctors of Sunshine, Water, Air, Ex-

a smoker or not being a drinker may tained success in the things they have ercise, and Diet.

be enough to give us the edge in life accomplished, but it can all be summed Drink less, breathe more; eat

and let us win. However, these are only up by saying that the rewards of a clean less, chew more; ride less, walk

the negative teachings or the "Do not"life are health, happiness, and prospermore; worry less, work more; and

teachings for the way to health and a ity. One's usefulness in time may be preach less, but practice more.

clean life. It must be remembered that greatly increased, his life prolonged,

there are also the positive teachings and his happiness promoted by the obThese things together with "spiritual which are just as important. The main servance of the simple laws or hygiene. cleanliness,"which is also very imporones are: regular sleep, eating of the The Lord has given the promise of the tant, will help us to achieve, to win out,

proper foods at the proper time, and the Word of Wisdom to those who are and to endure. I only hope now that I

cultivation of regular, good habits of obedient, "They shall run and not be will have the strength to practice what cleanliness. weary, they shall walk and not faint."I preach.

FEBRUARY, 1944 107 book of easy anthems entitled Chapel 1S1C Anthemswill be of atinterest35c atocopy,knowpostpaid.that thoughIt

the selections in this book are easy to learn, they are used by the Salt Lake

Tabernacle Choir in its famous radio programs over the Columbia BroadcastSystem. MUSIC GUILD ing Wke WARD organ prelude need be neither The

loud. soft should Musicians too nor to to the not nor Jesus, pray Mother FOR MUSIC WORSHIP efforts in their unite the get to cooperaall are Therefore Marias Mary. Ave

their officers tion in to presiding of be Fifth Meeting: February Guild in services, inappropriate our matno

quietly seats playing of the during a itself ter be. the music good how may Schveinet Alexander By prelude. of short the music Otherwise Again, pretty occasionally love songs Organist Tabernacle and will only the addition to be organ an their find into services church way Committee Member, Church Music general our preceding confusion the

either solos, solos. as or vocal organ as

services. course, only not holy Of for is responsibility appropriall the that the author of know God We their in presiding brethren the should be

itThe ateness the of Lord's will love, music that the on day but be remembered this the time, seats also quietly at but is rests in the faith musicians with both and of love him, a and God, all director of the choir and members officers. directorspresiding greater matter romantic and Those mere than

choir. attitude the devotional a Such officiateorganists at regularly love. our who

will chardignity beauty, lend and and as consider themselvesmeetings may service. acter, Let the worshiping to for instruments desirable most 'T'he all for theresponsible they music which

its high to merited exalted music be the will of always be * music worship present.themselves when However,

in of the place house God. or the voices the congregation of voices officers invite individualspresiding and

outside choruses to present special of the choir. This is because the voice Questions for Consideration:

also is emotions, to the and very close officers are responthose thennumbers, of clearly Differentiate music between all the 1. congregation has the because the suitabilitysible for the music of recreation. of worship and music What

participation for opportunity emoand service. the into invited theywhich have are the characteristics of each?

singin congregational response ef- 2. our music more be made may How is acceptable sacred music Only on tionaling. singing the music next to comes But the thus fective emotionally, touch and this statementthe day. Sabbath While

It well really of the organ. of be hearts worshipers? our would

is is carelessness selfevident, ever near 3. the to to write person one Appoint the if dispense with gradually could we frivolousto tune popular, bring some of general music committee by way services. during of piano the use Sunday

services.into excuse church someThe o: brief the report progress concerning its susorgan, of the music with The

is secular, that thesetimes given of nonguild. the music Give number ward spirit of the tained suggests sounds,

attendance, meetings heldreligious repretty. are average tunes and But God prayer. music the other hand, the On is all roll call etc. the of ward This a is beautiful. that trulyquires which

lilt accents of the suggests the piano and the guilds church. throughout music is difference thatThere between a of strains the dance. melodious of 4. the The at for subject consideration The is is beautipretty that andwhich which

final sixth will the meeting be reed "The and touched organ have humble ful; tinkles, that that which which and article Interpretation of Music."in of hearts An the worshipers devout manylifts hearts to our God. this the in will subject appear on times places, of moreover, and, out and

The church encourages a great deal all proportion to its meager cost. Used March Era.

of activity of a recreational nature reed organs can sometimes be bought which is to be undertaken during the orfor as low as twentyfive dollars, and dinary days of the week. Sometimes new ones, with electric blower mechaNorth Eighteenth Ward Choir

such recreational music slips, by devinisms, may be purchased with financial "VIThen the Eighteenth Ward, Ensign ous ways, into the worshiping hours of assistance from the office of the presid- *"Stake, choir was organized five the Sabbath day. This, of course, must ing bishopric. years ago, with H. Frederick Davis as

not be. The Lord's day is his holy day. Help and advice for new directors director, it had a membership of ninety

The church presents liberal opporand organists is always freely availsingers. Since the recent division of the

tunities for young and inexperienced able by writing to the general music ward, the choir has maintained a memmusicians to participate in the church committee of the church. The address bership of about fifty. This is indeed

program. Both the executives and the is 200 North Main Street, Salt Lake one of the most successful choral orexperienced musicians should give a City 3, Utah. Suggestions in the purganizations in the church, reflecting the

kindly and helping hand in guiding chase of instruments may be had, and extraordinary ability of the director.

these young performers in the choice help in the selecting of books for pipe Brother Davis is an artist in voice and of suitable music for worship. organ, reed organ, and the electronic inchoral work. He has been the director

Music must fit the doctrines of the struments. Just off the press is a new of such important organizations as the

church. For instance, we pray to God, RussianLatvian Singers when these

the Father, and to him alone. We do NORTH EIGHTEENTH WARD CHOIR {Concluded on page 112)

Genealogy

William ye son of George Harding and

Mary his wife was baptized July ye 14,aearcL THROUGH CORRESPONDENCE 1738.

. WITH ENGLAND Everything pointed to the fact that

Sunday, November 9, 1856, a By Ellen Hill: this was the ancestry of Harriet

Harding, yet conclusive proof pioneers, lackof handcart was company Assistant Librarian,ON Genealogical ing. If only record one the could leadership under be found of G. James Society of Utah in which RichardWillie, during in his arrived Harding Salt City. Lake They

had left Liverpool, England, May 4, lifetime gave the name of his birthplace.

1856, on the ship Thornton, and arrived was made of records in the GeneaThe census appeared to be the only at New York on June 14. From that logical Society's library of all parsolution. A thorough search was again

British of thecity made their records, continued they journey Mission had ishes vicinity. in the them Among

that the family found and it was to resided where, asby rail City, Iowa, Iowa registers marriage were the of Elk- a company of about five hundred perstone, a parish about two miles from at a place called Nettleton at various sons equipped with 120 handcarts and Cowley, in which was found the periods between 1841 and 1851. Gazetsix wagons, they had made their final marriage of a Richard Harding and teers and atlases were consulted and the

preparations for the long and arduous Mary Sargeant December 25, 1806. It only place of that name in that vicinity

trek across the plains to Utah. could easily have been the marriage of was in the adjoining county of WiltAmong those to arrive in the Salt Harriet's parents but further informashire. It did not seem probable they

Lake Valley, there to receive shelter tion was required to prove it concluwere there, yet it was not far distant and comfort from kind friends, were sively. from Cirencester in the southern part

George Humphris, his wife, Harriet of Gloucester.

the next step search of a The wasHarding, and five of their children.

census Accordingly a request was made for records 1841 of 1851 and which

The wife, Harriet, died November are kept in London. It included all further search of the census, taking note

24, 1 874, leaving behind very little recplaces and in the vicinity where it was of any place in the locality called Netord of her ancestry. Her daughter, known the Humphris family resided betleton, and a careful check of all HardHannah, the last surviving member of tween 1841 and their departure for ing and Humphris families in Cowley.

the original family, remembered that America. Many families of Harding That search revealed the following:

her grandfather lived with them and and Humphris were found but no recdied shortly before their departure for ord of Richard or the family of his sonCensus 1841, Gloucs., Bundle 363, Vol.

America. The baptismal certificate of inlaw, George Humphris. 11, page 1, Nettleton, Cowley.

a member of the family showed they Harden, Richard, 60 ag. lab. frborn)

were members of the Caudle Green Search was made of the death recGloucestershire.

Humphris, George, 25 ag. lab., Glouat Somerset House, London, andBranch in Gloucestershire. ords

cestershire. the following found:

A search was made of the mission Harriet, 25, Gloucestershire.

Richard, 9, Gloucestershire. inrecords Historian's the Office Church Richard died Harding, at Cir1853 George, 6, Gloucestershire. learned thatand them from Harit was encester, 64 years, age Edwin, 3, Gloucestershire. Mar.informant—Wilriet at September, born 1 809, was Cowliam Harding.

1, Gloucestershire. Ann,

ley, Gloucester, of daughter Richard Harding, Richard 21 died Cir1855, Nov.

family apparHarding and Mary. The encester, Census 1851, age 79 years, informant—ElizaGloucs., Bundle 1972, Vol.ently as about, Haines. they were moved membeth 244, page 10, Nettleton Bottom.

bers of the Cheltenham, Caudle Green, Harding, Richard, widr., 74, (born) Elkand Cirencester branches. As it was known that the family lived stone.

Humphris, George, at either Cirencester of head of family, 38. the records little of hamlet Cowley, where The

could been have the inNorthleach. for Richard but isHarriet in born, located about was Harriet, wife, 40, Cowley. insufficient formation to determine wasthe center of Gloucestershire, the near Richard, son, 19, Cowley. which. Hills. registers ofCotswold the The son, Edwin, 13, Cowley.

church have not been published and to Failing to find the desired informaMary, dau., 9, Cowley.

obtain record of her ancestry correstion from the census records, the reElizabeth, dau., 6, Cowley.

dau., 4, Cowley.pondence conducted was with the parsearcher persisted in that Hannah, the thought

Selina, dau., 1, Cowley.ish minister of that place. Elkstone birthplace was the of Richfind to endeavored and to means In due time a Thus the census returns the gave it. christening letter was received with ardprove burial The andthe following data: birthplace of Richard as Elkstone and records of the parish in print not were

approximate birthdate, which was correspondence taken with his was up Harriet, of daughter Richard and Mary so the proof needed to the to link him the minister. parish entries the Among christenedHarding 16 Oct. 1809. Harding family of Elkstone. death The found these: were wife of Richard Mary, Harding, buried

17 Oct. 1809. record of November 21, 1855, at CirenRichard Harding and Hester Blackwell Richard the son of William Harding and cester is without question for him, and

married by banns 18 June 1810. Anne his wife was christened 27 Oct. 1776. furnishes his approximate birthdate.

Banns of marriage between William The census cleared up several questions this Harding of and parish Anne Dean marextensive search regardingAn but the was made children no of Harriet. Furthis ried in this church in of 23 day Octoberrecord ther the of found is marriage of search being Harconducted to trace the year thousand one seven hundred andriet's parents, or of the parentage the Harding, of Dean, lines. and Sargeant fifty eight Millechamp, Tim: by Curate. meRichard.

Certainly, research through correIt seemed evident that Richard was At the end of the register on a mutilated spondence with England does bring not born at Cowley and a careful search page was found: results.

FEBRUARY, 1944 109

Mutual Messages

tkbi>..fcj&ja*.jyjyj8j# wwJSPww;&* &&.J&bJa;*J&.wwjp, rWWWWTJf

Scouunto f W.Qo

J. Cannon Superintendent,Comeing thein theeighthUnitedof FebruaryStates willscoutbe First AssistantBy JosephGeneral thirtyfour years old. More than Y.M.M./.A

a third of a century has passed since a tip an from refused aLondon boy the and star. Venus so?"north the Saw "How

his address. to leading for himAmerican morning."other the close together understanding the "Just body."moon sent little courtesy unexpectedThat trees in interest life and to avoid saving helped "Has "Develop any you enthusiastic Boyce D.William home dangers?"flowers?"

about the movement started two years "Uhhuh, discussed them a little on "It might've. Ninetyfive percent of

train boys to BadenPowellbefore by life the that the Eagle Scouts say would way."

life. usefulfor vigorous and fire in the a making saving merit is the about hardest to badge "How celebrates Scout year America Every take. it's difficult like but mountains?"it O.K., They

includes that period a sevendayWeek, flint fire and It's with lot to a fun, do. of to "Learned a but to make have you

its anniversary, eighth,February own dirt with campfire steel. it six a in take cover months'course a before You

and the twelfth, Lincoln's birthday. or water, if you have any, until there's you can pass it."

the consent with the churchThroughout life steam."or saving for more smoke has no done you?""What

of Sunevening the bishops theof ward for camping?"food about the a lot "Taught about swimming me "How

fine for sixth, will used a the beday, nutritious foods different side, should have breast, "You strokes—crawl, will in Scouthood whichprogram deroom, take don't that different water, back, up much lot of cartread a

pledge itself once more to faithfulness hydrated things like what you can use ries if I ever had to lifesave anybody,

Heartwarming country.to God and but to soup. Cans are heavy, thing. the you and main make approaches—that's it is exwillexercises be prepared, cans. stuff in to take important have to the thinks it's fun Everybody be in

pected, in more than a thousand wards Chocolate and raisins are good."water, but I say when you're looking to

of the church. "Like to be out camping?"get an Eagle badge that's about the

In an effort to learn what the impact "Sure. Good to be out in the open hardest thing there is."

fifteenyear- a scoutingof a boy, is on campfire's the with hard?"fun.""Camping kids. A merit twentyold had young fellow who while camping?"gambled "Ever of fun in it. First aid, "I had a lot

badges, lacking only part of the twenty- "No, not while camping.'camping and life saving are about the

first to become an Eagle, was informal- "Other times?"ones I liked the most. I had a lot out

ly questioned. Other boys doubtless "Well, I don't know about that of Pioneering, too."

would have reacted differently. Every slightly, maybe.""Can you figure that your imaginagets what out of the experienceboy tion he?'What?"played any part in Pioneering?"

scoutmaster put into it. the Howand "Put a nickle in to see what I could sure.""Uhhuh,

ever, this boy's reaction was at least get.""What did you get out of the patrol

honest. "What did you get?"system?"

"What have you got out of scout- ''Nothing.""The patrols would play games

thating,"you he "now was asked, it pays?"against have "Think another. one bunch boys The

it?"of stage the first finishedabout "No.'"together get to up your help you

"Some fun and a little education.""Were there any dirty stories going badges, and you help them."merit

At the smile that greeted this modest around?""Were you an officer?"

announcement, he added, "In algebra "Depends on who you're with. The "I was quartermaster."

for instance and most studies in school, fellows sometimes talk that way. If "Did you enjoy that?"

you have the answers in the book, and you're with (the scout- "Uhhuh, I never did anything."

get ahead, lessons studying your youby master's or Brother nickname) not?""Why for badge, a merit out gobut you when don't counselor), (the bishop's you I've to wasn't "There be done. much from get to need what have youyou hear any."patrol assistant patrol leader been and or counselor fromtalks or people a with merit did you badge work "What leader."or in library the froma book, maybe get the from?"most good

outdoors. You have to learn to look "Pioneering.""Did that give you some experiences

up things.""What did you have to do?"in leadership?""What does that do to you?""You were with me when I took the "Very little—some that you wouldn't

get some practice.""Shows you how."test. Don't you remember?"get in school—you

"What about camping?""Not too well. Tell me.""What about your scoutmaster?

"Oh, I've been to the Wigwam a "Splice ropes, tie knots, build a Were your relations with him helpful coupla times, and other places. You bridge and such things."and pleasant?"

learn a lot about taking care of your- "Which merit badge work did you "Yah, we learned a lot of things from self, cooking, sleeping in the open, went enjoy most?"him about camping and stuff, and had

over the Mormon Pioneer trail and got "First aid."a lot of fun. There hasn't been so much

my feet blistered. Their feet were sore, "Why?"religion stressed. You see, we've been

too.""I'd already had the Red Cross camping together and everything, and

"Did you learn anything about the course and knew about as much as the we've formed a good friendship. We'll

stars?"fellow who examined me."probably always be good friends. He

—milky"Just learnedway, bigwheredipper,somelittleof themdipper,are yet?""Any chance to practice first aid wasthat agea goodthereinfluenceisn't muchall thetemptationtime. Atto

that guy that's supposed to be a hunter, "No, but it did me a lot of good."smoke or gamble or tell dirty stories but

110 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA he always stopped anything of that kind.""Did scouting get you interested in

Mutual?""Certainly."

"What have you got out of Mutual besides scouting?"

"I've made some friends."

"Did you take part in the singing?"

Sure. "Did you enjoy it?"

"I don't know. I never thought much

about it.""Have you ever been called on to pray in Mutual?"

"Uhhuh.""In Scout meeting?"

"Uhhuh.""Has the theme meant anything to you?""I haven't tried to live up to it too much. I've thought about it."

"What about the scripture reading, has that been interesting?"

"Uhhuh? I gave it once."

"How about the plays? You never

took part in one, did you?"

"Yah. I was in one—where you go

around from one ward to another."

"Road show?"

"Yah.""How about dancing?"

"It's good practice, but they wouldn't usually let us go except the season's opening and closing of Mutual."

"I've heard you say you had a testimony of the gospel. Where did it come

from? I know where it came from. It

came from the Lord, but under what circumstances did it come to you?"

"From different things—gospel

versations, Sunday School—maybecon-a

little from Mutual."

"Have you had any temptation to start"None—exceptsmoking?"where I work. Most

kids that smoke don't go to Scout meeting.""Well, how about scouting? Have

the merit badges been a help in keeping you going?"

"Sure. They're about the only thing.

An Eagle badge is regarded with respect under most any circumstances."

"You're glad then you've had it?"

"Oh, sure. So many things you don't

get in school—camping, tying knots,swimming, civics—well, you get that in

school, too—pathfinding."think any boy would be better "You

off if he starts in scouting at twelve and sticks with it till he's fifteen?"

Uhhuh.""How about exploring, are you enjoying it?"

"Uhhuh. There are more athletics

to it. I think we're having more fun in

exploring than we did in scouting so far."

FIELD PHOTOS

1. Eagle Scouts of Berkeley Ward, Troop 7,

B.S.A., Oakland Stake, and Scoutmaster Raymond L.

Knight. 2. Honor BeeHive Girls of Berkeley Ward, Oakland Stake, with Beekeeper Mrs. Irene Burnham.

3. M.I. A. opening social, Santa Maria Branch,

California Mission.

4. Honor BeeHive Girls of Los Angeles, with

Beekeeper Emelia L. Wurzbach.

FEBRUARY, 1944 111

THE CHURCH MOVES ON

(Concluded from page 95) Gardner Myers. Salt Lake City: Dwayne Milton Pace,

Coalville. Utah; Clyde Cyrus Page. Bountiful. Utah;

Keith Lowell Smith, Salt Lake City: George Wray

Sweeten. Holbrook, Idaho; Lynn Albert Wilson. Salt

Lake City; John Dean Workman, Salt Lake City; Oris

Victor Atkinson, Kamas, Utah; Charles Clarence

Davis, Glover, Utah; Arthur McAllister Hennefer,

Salt Lake City; Stephen Robert Jones, Henefer, Utah;

William Frank Hill, Holbrook. Idaho; Max Lee

Godfrey, Weston, Idaho; John Ray Durtschi, Driggs,

Idaho; LaVaun Cox, Woodruff, Utah; Sterling Lawrence Weber, Freedom, Wyoming.

Canadian: Hyrum Richard Blackhurst, Salt Lake

City; Jay T. Furness, Sugar City, Idaho; Neldon

Floyd Johnson, Pleasant Grove, Utah.

Central: Arlene Jensen, Gridley, California; Dorine Richards, Spring Canyon, Utah; Theron John

Brunn, Salt Lake City.

Eastern: George Jefferson Larrabee. Salt Lake City;

Charles Sidney Noble. Ogden, Utah; Robert Felt Bitner. Salt Lake City: Jay Furness Turley, Aripine,

Arizona: Stanley Frederick Turley, Aripine, Arizona;

Hanks Elizabeth Grover, Wyoming; Clark, CardAlma FORT SUMNER, NEW MEXICO Fontana, Thelma Johnson, Idaho; Leone Burley,Clark,

regularly the Idaho; meeting Saints Malad, Army Sorensen, Latterday ParleyCalifornia; Myron Music

Mexico, City; School, Sumner, Kenner Ft. Newat Pilot Salt Lake Forces Air Gardiner,Dan Sibbley (Concluded from page 108) reDelbert chapel, of steps Arizona; the post Jr.,Snowflake, seen here the on are Jr., Kartchner,Casteel

Eugene Meyer, Smithfleld, Utah; Dean Jones Riggs, cently dedicated. Lt. Clair B. Johnson and Sot. were on transcontinental tour, the

Montpelier, in the ceremony. participated Swensen, Marcel Lorenzo Lauper Paul Utah;Wellsville, the Choir, and Mission Square Temple Califorright: left Freeman, Bernardino, Lou Betty to row, Skousen, Front Bentley SanIdaho; Max

directs Mrs. Singers. Royal Arizona; Frogget, he Prescott, Etta Raymond Pratt Mrs. Kelton A. C. Peck, Johnson. At present Swaneenia; Rosetta

California. Pearson, Mrs. Eleanor J. Anderson, Williams, Bernardino, Anna SanSkousen, Choir. Philharmonic the Salt Lake Tuttle, Springville. Nielson. Eugene Clarence Max Japanese:

choir is F. rows, left practice Marcel of the ward to right: and third Second RegularUtah.

Fairview, Barrus, Kelton Graham, C. Chesley, Robert Douglas A. Vernon Lauper, California: Northern in addievening, and Friday every Grantsville, Utah: Lt. held Hardy, Lt. Johnson, B. Clair Mabel Knowlton, Peck, Alice MaryWyoming;

at Giles C. Milton Butler, rehearsal tion Nevada: Hargraves, Frogget, Robert each Bunkerville, Robert Sunday George a brief W. D. Leavitt,Vcrr

Hassell Stanley, Daryl City; Anderson, Donald H. James, Y. Mona, Harold Salt LakeSharp, Arthur W. 4:30 p.m., just prior to the sacrament Springville, Utah. E. Griffith Pearson, (nonmember), Hill Chaplain Whiting, JohnUtah; Harold

at Kest, Oakland, p.m. Louise 5:30 convenes Marjorie which England: New

Texas; Paso, El Taylor, R. Floyd services tourist for choir sung has Pierce—ReportedWilliam E. byRicks,MarcelAssistantLauper.Chaplain Max Nielson. service,The Idaho. Malad, Sorensen,California;Ammon

Collinston, in Salt Taberthe held Ericksen, formerly Johnson Lake Melvin Northern:

Utah; Wellsville, Idaho; Leatham, Bailey John Oregon; Terreton, John Orin Blaine Adamson,Utah; Larry

Cleveland. Karl nacle, for radio programs and stake Bryner, Idaho; Smith, Herand Roland Burton Utah; Barnett, Ray Clyde Payson,Herbert

Helper, Utah; Gerald Norman Christensen, Salt Lake Farr, Mesa, Arizona. conferences in addition to regular ward

City; Vernal, Bingham. Salt SpanishAmerican: Floyd Robert Lake Davis, StephenCity; Raymond Curtis work. City; Utah; Salt Lake Lamar C. EskelUtah; Salem, Carl Wayne Clements, Clyde Davis,Horace

Olsen, Vernal, of Utah; Vernon. Hadlock, Gurney. Erroll O'Donnell Frank is one Organist Martin City; Jay Dean Saltson, Lake W. Miller

Cutler, Salt City; Holladay, Willis Utah; City; MarLake Salt Jeffs, Lake Ray Thomas RichardUtah; in Assisting church. best in the him Kasteler, Fairbanks, L. the City; Salt Junior Jack Mervin Gifford Lake Utah; Fred Logan, riner Jensen, Ray

Salt Lake City; Donald Carbine Nelson, Lorsburg. McAffee, Darlington, Idaho. accompanying the choir are Enid R.

Randlett, Seely Eklund, Lyle Texas: Mexico.New B. Swenson. and Lucille Coleman WesIdaho; Tetonia, Salt Hanks, Lake Mario Glendon WebbUtah; Heaton.Lincoln Lynn Pierce, Central: Douglas North

is City, ClarkJardine, Utah; president; choir Byron Cedar Edwin Maughan Beaver ley G. Papworth Dam, Utah; City; Hodges Johnson, Vere

ston, Johnson. Benjamin, Utah; Joel Edgar Athlensteen City: Mack Paulsen, Salt Lake Berntsen Utah; Clarence L. Giles of the ward bishopric Victor Bloomington, Idaho; Robert Reese, Harold Clarence Arizona; A. Bundy. Jr., Chandler, Ethington,

is Merrill, Salt Salt Irvine City; Clark, Taylor Lake Reychoir manager; Henry Price is Burton Orson H. Arizona; Arben Mt. Trumbull,

nolds, III. Springville. Buttars, Lewiston, Preston Utah; Utah; Santaquin, Ted City; Lake Max E Nelson, librarian. Kimball, Bishop Heber C. Springville, Utah; Stewart Whiting, Utah; Zenger. Ruel Cook Glen Herman Utah; Nielsen, Hyrum, Arnold

Midway, Utah. Edgar Crandall, Springville, Utah. who values the music makers of North

L. Peterson, Arizona; City; Western: Don Tempe, WllSalt Smith, Lake Robert Farr Southern: Mark Eighteenth Ward, gives his choir unIdaho; Schwendiman. Carl Newdale, Ellwood City; Clive Herbert Salt WorthLake ford Elmer Christensen,

Bunker, Salt Lake City: James Wilford Grigg. Vale. en, Ferron, Utah. usual support.- Alexander Schreiner

GIVE US THIS DAY

(Continued ivom page 91 for a stranger something more than the "Your father was a good worker where Young Ed Carter had fumbled a thirtytwo years inscribed in the family and he has left us his job. Remember

dociedoe. Bible. But the words that came out this, children, that as long as we do our

Clem would have been pleased with were young and hopeful. job well people will keep on coming in

his box. The sweet smell of the fresh "My children,"she began, and her the spring to get our lumber. And somesawdust padding rose through the soft voice was low and even, "your father day there will be a good road all the

cashmere upholstery like a rare inand I came here when Clem was a baby. way to our house. We might even have

cense. And on the outside the beesYour father loved these pines. And to build a 'leanto'to hold the things

wax polish mingled with the wood like with his own hands he built this house. they bring to pay for their slabs. Some

wild columbine in a pine grove. And Andrew, here, was born before we day there might be a railroad come to

to territory. It's on. the might chosen be roof a the good got We house—and song/| sing a can you "Pandorosa,

in ties."built the father the sawmill best make your song."a to nice have "It's said. Anna to west, rose higher territory. ridge the this Folks of the part come The fervor all the with sang Pandorosa And early bed. slabs to miles the sun get sending an to and for Clem hundred two birds of and song a years nine her of

this shortened that fixed their always has denied houses. for he had But lumber episodes series of in life a wild small

all the his it that maintained get right day. had here stay and so He can we exof her extent the that catalogued

the east ridge the being low put the In need. the on things when summer we imagination. perience and of end. best the length the the So from day on here sheep the up drive they nice, Pandorosa,"Anna was "That it the that to guided follow Patch can was Old valleys was below hot dry we can say you Andrew, said. now, "And that pulling slope, slab "drag"the east tufts of the pick after wool and them prayers were two prayer."There a log pulled laden often he so with the sheep had rub where the bark from the Fa- I "Our and lay me"the "Now is lengths followed Clem. there and years by And In themselves. good the Fa- "Our chose ther."Andrew log length, this time, the there too, for quilt. often was for a enough a And "give in all with joined they ther,"and

it lined little and neatly with but sawdust was can ewe a buy of bread batch we this day."us polished cashmere, with beeswax and the died has way. mother on lamb whose

In the valleys below people have to and topped off with a bank of the first

ILt was a weary Anna who worry about water. But we have the bluebells, and Clem manned it from instood there before her little brood. The snow and plenty of water to run the side. Old Patch was slow and careful

lines on her face might have scrawled mill and enough for our wheat besides. as he pulled up the ridge.

112 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Give Us This Day INDOOR STORY GARDENS "He loved this place,"Anna said, (Concluded from page 69) in the yard. Small evergreen branches

letting her shadow fall long and dislophane. A duck family was modeled were trimmed to resemble trees and

proportionate before her. "He will be from clay. A tiny garden—lettuce and more grass was planted around the

here for the sunrise that he loved."They carrot seed left from the summer vichouse and barn.

knelt then on the fresh spring earth and tory garden—was planted in rows, and The gardens should be watered daily

repeated "Our Father."a house and barn with silo were made with a teaspoon or toy sprinkling can;

"This was our hardest day,"Anna from cardboard boxes covered with the grass may be trimmed with a scissaid as they turned to the evening construction paper. There was a bird sors when it grows out of proportion to

chores. "And you see, we have nearly bath made from clay and a rock garden the rest of the garden.

finished with it. It is not so hard when

we take it a day at a time."

A CHECKER CHAMP ( Concluded from page 90) way. His back was to the wall. HeA Great Crescendo

( Concluded {com page 72 the group present, he greeted us in gave ground only inch by inch. His

a body with a rather lofty tolerance. antagonist was swift and relentless.

forth. for witness broughtnew was God Presently, the Englishman cracked, The begun immediately game was reallyRighteousness had come down lost the game. formality, without and for us andfrom truth heaven, out and spoken had and

of the dust. Then a restoration of God's was intensely interesting. The EngThe third game was ridiculously

not the only had Englishmanauthority—an

his bolt,"exhausted. he was—a young manorganizationof twentyfourwas effectedwas innonchalantlishman playedgrace,at firstbutwithearlya ratherdiseasy;"shot

fluencing the lives of many, and his covered he had a keen and worthy Our exultation would have been name was being spoken for good and opponent. After half an hour of more riotously expressed had we

for evil throughout the land. breathtaking play, the Englishman been less sympathetic for a fallen

Following in rapid succession came had discovered that he would need foe, but that did not prevent a joyous revelations concerning the direction of all his skill. The first game went to gathering at Hagell's Meat Pie Shop

this new organization, the Church of him, but he was sweating as though where we gorged, at the same time

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, and that halfhour had been spent at ordering a generous supply of harmfor the conduct of its members. the end of a pick handle. less beverage that helped crown this

Finally, 16, February on 1832, Joseph feast of youthful gourmets. to feverish the begin boy was Ourand Sidney Rigdon were shown in lauded our champion the next game, and played it cool with We Vision (D. SectionGreat C, 76), &

I speech song, leaving and him, as deliberation. deadly and His hawkallwherein revealed glories the were

of heaven and the destiny of mankind. like gray eyes were cold and keen as remember it, to pay for the entertainOther chords, other harmonies, were to that bird's talons, his face sphinxment.

follow, but this transcendent vision like in its inscrutability. The EngHe stands today as president of

seems to mark the zenith of the Great lishman was playing a game of brute the Church of Jesus Christ of LatterCrescendo. force and fighting every inch of the day Saints.

PIONEER DIARY

thee: thee be may blest- 6 (Continued page 89) from Monday, the October pleas18. 1 had smile thee, heaven upon 1 loveMay to the family none health thy strength may for And increase ure of & horse, mounting a which was

thy days may be And many. Battalion the of Calfrom satisfaction,me—severalflour is divided altho'much I lost the anifornia Rosacrans I amon thee: love life thy may & ticipated ride arrive—Br. O the Spring. to In afterthe

of peace pleasure; one Be & Ithe for number. Sis[ter a cap made Sis. call'd noon for Taylor I ac- & flll'd thy heart light be And with may

she for which Young J John] me blessings without And measure. visit her companied sick to a megirl—Elizain soap, 15 one pound & to Sis. Stewart Whitesides Sessions ounces—sopaid Smoot,—Margarett whommuch I call my own—I now begin once & I administer'd, Sister T[aylor] &

more to be a woman of property. Sunday, October 1 7. Too cold for me myself having taken tea & pancakes

Tuesday, October 12. I din'd & to sit out at meeting. I feel greatly blest with Sis. Smoot. Sis. T[aylor] was

supp'd with Sis. Sessions, some of the both temporally] & spiritually. Mrs. call'd away.

arrive.Batt[alion] L. 1 lb. brought than Young more me

13. a October Wednesday, sugar pint PTeirce] Mrs. Made tea of & x/2 & of Tuesday,light bread,Octoberwhich19.I hadI madenot adoneloaf Allen. for Sis.cap Br. Grant made me doz. crackers for a few I praise which

a rich present of tea, for which I pray the Lord. for a long time.

the bless to Wednesday, October day is Lord hours some him—spent TO MARGARETT unpleasant, rains Sis. Sis. strength snows.with Taylor. J[ohn] Young & 20.MyThe

with is I I that gaining so fresh meat.gave a wash. do quite some me spirits the tendernesslove—I Thatlove theesisters'

feel love for thee, loveliness thy inserts very thankful. Br. Scofield 15. Friday, Ellen Vis [it] October 6 I

Is to like theirs above. 4-light a the side of west on with window with them hap-M. much C, din'd

thee I love for thy worth modest I is C[lara]'spiness. a blessing. house, which

Is like a diadem Saturday, October 16. This mor. Thou surely art of noble birth—feel truly blest of the Lord.

art precious a Thou gem. it frost, cool. is quitea hard is 21. Thursday, Oct. weather The

I love for thee thy kindness show'd Sis. for P[eirce].cap fine, cool. but of loaf a large I made M [argarett]I made a in feeble health. me To

presented the fol [lowing] with me bread, journeying a tedious on bak'd. road—When which Cflara]

it I prize wealth. more than ELIZA TO 22. Friday, I visit C[lara] October &

thee I love thou shalt and be I'll I love thee; forget ne'er crown 'd Sis. and after Leonard, supper a good not a few, With together time we've spent The which spirit in the the shall peace of we enjoy'd plenty surround blessings6 toilsome Thro'scenes of wet Joy, many

like path, dew. Thy summer storms weather. of windy And Lord, Sis. treat, a spiritual had we

I love thee: 6 my heart intwines The holy Spirit will inspire Sessions] & L[eonard] joining us.

spirit thy noble Around pure Thy & gen'rous heart Saturday, October 23. Slept with Sis. to ev'ry joy on earth thy sweet May poetic fire be thine. And

Long life if thou desire it. Its heav'nly aid impart. (Continued on page 114)

FEBRUARY, 1944 113 I!

From Pioneer Diary Bookshelves {Continued from page 113)

Direct to Your HomepuddingSessions],8 milk,afterbreakfastpartakingwitha treather andof

Savage. after L. which we call on Sis. THE APOSTLE by Sholem

administered to E. Sis. Wallace S. & Asch - $3.00

A stirring story of the Apostle spend the aft[ernoon] happily with

Paul and his great missionary Sis. Noble, blest her, the babe, &c.

work C[lara] & I sit awhile in Br. P[eirce]'s BURMA SURGEON by Dr. in the eve. He made me a present of GRAND WAYS

Gordon S. Seagrave $3.00 2 lights of glass for the east side of our

doctor's work of a Autobiography house. TO DRESS UP of Burtribes the native among

ma—humorous, poignant, informative meeting—Pres.Sunday, OctoberJ[ohn]24.SmithI went& othersto MEATLESS'MEALS

of necessity the prompt the impress'd faMary by THUNDERHEAD Old SUPREME! BEANS BAKED of counsels laws $2.75 execution & O'Hara in important flavor. new Now

necessity the FRIEND read High Whoever MY Mapleine. zest in with ofCouncil—thethe Put meals. of vorite,your

to will read about want FLICKA the into grain getting in tastier. "your own Use ground—dealthem Makes colt glorious her THUNDERHEAD Indians, the &c. "ing honestly with kind the in canned or make

GOD IS MY COPILOT by In the eve, Sis. Peirce came in

RICElThere'll $2.50 LIVERS L. Scott WITH Col. Robert CHICKEN respecting inquir'd my provisions—

especially incidents if you Exciting from the for this, cheers felt satisfied be but I life told her I had none, aviator of an American and Mapleine flavor with up the the in the that open the Lord would way for pep theatre of eastern war them. sauteing while of curry a touch there an arrangeme, that was I knew

ORDER NOW FROM ment made, but it had fail'd, &c. She MEAT PIE TREAT! Makes meat leftthat could they mortified said she was Mapleine way! long a long, overs go CO. THE trust not. B00KCRAFT not me, but could supply My flavor.You'll the meat S-t-r-e-t-c-h-e-s 1465 South State, Salt Lake City 4, Utah is in God. little meat. there's never guess

Please send the books checked above Monday, October 25. Sis. Noble &

with the aft[ernoon] spent Rosacrans.... Check or money order a $enclosed us. for the strength thankful I am very

Please send C.O.D. I have to work, can do my part of cookNAME ing. Br. & Sis. P[eirce] came in the # Discoyer Mapleine, the

flavor in wartime. extrahelp Bro. Peirce at eve. wagon. Clara W.'s ADDRESS

I told [ions]. Helps you many a pep up talk'd about provis my Your order will receive immediate

attention. him I believ'd the Lord would give me meal. Grand in main dishes,

strength to work & I was not asham'd for it's sweet onlywith sugar.

to ask all I see for work for provisions, Brings out the full flavor of spices. chocoBoosts as meat, as economical be &c. We could

late flavor, too. by itGrand not starve, be anybody. "Do He said,

economical & when that is gone which selfin desserts,dainties.Get a 11A New Witness you have let us know it."I told him bottle fromyour grocer now.

the worst feeling I had was that I was rations, &c. told living Cflaraj's on He For Christ as feel that it is own as much my me to

hers, & if I5 did not feel at home, come to iMITJfcfldN MAPLE fLAVO) in America"his house.

A BOOK OF 420 PAGES Tuesday, October 26. Went with Sis.

By Sess [ions] who supp'd with us, to visit

FRANCIS W. KIRKHAM better. to her E. Went Stewart—found Professor the spent N[oble]'s. Sis. Bro. Smoot historical of contemporary A study data concerning the coming forth eve with us very lively. Nelson's

of the Book of Mormon Wednesday, October 27. After reYou will want to read this book to help ceiving liberally of Sis. N [oble], who is SECOND WAR

yourself for I that the Book of you know in Israel, with truly a mother whom is of origin. divine Mormon IN HEAVEN afterthe breakfasted & din'd, we spent

* * * noon with Sis. Holmes & H. carrying Professor Nelson says, "Thanks for the genwith me a new tin porringer basin & erous response to my ad in the January Era.

Second Edition now on sale plate, an earthen saucer plate & creamer, My book, The Second War in Heaven,

The price is alsohair 2comby[ar]ds& altho'of cottonI amdrilling,to workalsofora expressesthe fallen myone deepestcould motivateconvictions.the lies,Whotreabut

presents I consider them, them & thank this atrocities war. of son, unspeakable and

Sis. a added to which Holmes the Lord; $1.75 evil one's of the of All foreshadowings my spoon. a saucer The & Sis. Houd reduction Special to missionaries, M.I.A. large digs failure deep book come true. have My 116) groups. [Continued on church page and other

for the reasons behind the plan of salvation."

sAt this time Eliza R. Snow was 43 years of age.

She must have felt very much alone among this group Single copies $1.50. Two or more copies

Address ofthem,1847therePioneers.were Whileno relatives.she had Hermanysister,friendsLeonora,among $1.20 each.

presided. at Brigham Pisgah he where Mount

taken a Address: church, of the president yet not had FRANCIS W. KIRKHAM andstillYoung,her brother, Lorenzo Snow, with his family, were

for interest special in Eliza, her arranged had 109 2nd South West to live his wife, travel family the with Peirce and with to N. L. NELSON.

it in that other the Fort. seems Clara, no However, Salt City Lake 1, Utah

provisions for her and been arrangement had made IDAHO DDWNEY.

other necessities. Evidently she felt herself in an

embarrassing situation.—LeRoi C. Snow

114 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Xo*e Oft *$$& o& ** ioagh IK tk*f*

ilsll

mi

mill win*,.

'lllillillHli* * * *: * < si I m0Sf

J jJfffffffWWW

emember what the dealer said when I brought you home, Ollie? He told us you were the R

biggest, sturdiest sonof-a-gun that ever pulled.wS: plow. He certainly said a mouthful.

"And he told us you were a game guy who would go along with me on any job—plowing, harrowing,

cultivating, spreading, harvesting. He said you'd

never complain—that you'd never have to be

pampered. And he was right there, too.

gether—and"Ollie, we'vewe'vebeengot througha toughera onetoughaheadyearof us.toWe've been in the fields early and late on many

a day. So now, we're going back to see that friendly

Oliver dealer and let him give you a thorough goingover to get you ready for next year. You've

got that coming to you—and the Oliver dealer is

the man to do the job.

"Then, when spring rolls 'round, we're going to be out there in the fields again—doing the biggest

lp job—better—we've ever had ahead of us."

+ j *'- Treat your Oliver tractor like oil <",q the trustworthy 5. Change

it is. friend This year, let your States ommended Mountain

dealer give it and your other tools a thorough o.inst'W"""'", checkup. Get them to him early, too. He's

going to be mighty busy. You take care of

your Oliver tools and they'll take care of you!

MOUNTAIN STATES IMPLEMENT CO.

OGDEN. UTAH

Branches: Murray and Tremonton, Utah; Preston. Blackfoot,

Idaho Falls, Shelley, Twin Falls, Buhl, Rupert,

Sturdy and Rexburg, Idaho.

FEBRUARY, 1944 115 a.

PIONEER DIARY

vis [it] (Continued 114) our page cheer'd from felt blessed, spent the found them, supp'd with them by much- 4 Sis. spoon, In the eve Sis. night with them. a tin cup gave WhitneyLord bless me Sis. M. &

Nfoble] sent 3 pints of beans. Friday, October 29. Eat breakfast sea biscuits, dried pumpkin, linen for a

Thursday, October 28. Went with with her, then went to Br. Love's to pocket handkerchief, 6c.

Sis. Sessions] to Br. Moore's, din'd & engage her sewing, call'd at Br. M.'s (7*0 be continued)

m MORONI THE LONELY {Continued from page 114) was finished, his father's commands There may be those who will preIt is quite likely that at this point having been carried out. How long fer to believe that this is the point at

Moroni wrote the first paragraph ( as Moroni wandered over the face of which Moroni wrote the first parawe now have it) of the title page the land—whether to be reckoned in graph of the title page rather thanof the Book of Mormon. years, months, or days—we do not at Mormon 8:13 as I have advothe finds cated. sometime between know. But But no matter—Moroni of the abridgment It is an Wherefore,

still 401 he the A.D. and 421 A.D. has that he space left on of years of Nephi, and also of the peoplerecord

fit to come back to the plates upon which he may writethe Lamanites—Written to the Lamanites, again saw 6who are a remnant of the house of Israel; Hill Cumorah. Taking up the sacred something of value. He ponders the

and also to Jew and Gentile—Written by record from its resting place in the matter and finally decides on makthe spirit also and of by commandment,way begins to write stone at the ing of he box of the abridgment an Book andof and prophecy of revelation—Written off. left point formally for he had of future the benefit Ether genthat Lord, the hid unto up,sealed and up

they might not be destroyed—To come forth And I am the same who hideth up this erations.

the inof gift unto. the power.. Godby the record unto Lord. I account the from take mine twenty And the ofterpretation hand by andthereof—Sealed plates four the found which were by

to the Lord, hid unto come is and up It andMoroni, 8:14. begins Thus Mormon is called people the of Limhi, which Book Gentile time of theforth in due by way quite identify for natural to Moroni Ether.'of

gift the thereof interpretation byThe of himself again already though weGod. literIf this statement take we ) to that ( verse going he was know 4

He did not write the second parahide up the record. He writes steadially, that is, if Moroni determined to

graph of the title page at this time ly and in a somewhat different mood get at the gold originals rather than (for the very good and sufficient reafrom what we have already observed use Mosiah's translation"of them son that he had not yet abridged the in Mormon 8:1-13. Thus he concopy of which could have been in his

Book of Ether which is mentioned tinues until he finishes the book that possession), it would be necessary therein. is now known to us as Mormon. He for him to tunnel into the library of

in Hill records the hidden Cumorah it prayerfully formally: ends and first the finished paraHaving his father. by accomMoroni How

it is the title the Father remember not unAnd page, may of God thegraph this plished being without detected the hath he with covenant which made that toreasonable presume Moroni the Lamanites must of course by be Israel; forbless of he house and them may in plates to entrustedhid the him up left faith ever, the imaginations. through to our of Jesus on name

the stone box built for the purpose Christ. Amen.T (Concluded on page 118)

in the side of the Hill Cumorah. He "Mormon 8:6. cf. Moroni 10:1. Ether 1:2

then departed, feeling that his work Mormon 9:37 "Mosiah 28:17

l&tudU FOR THE CHECK 20<5*> DIVIDENDS... FOR

"We certainly appreciate the kind of protection and service that GENERAL of AMERICA has given us on our fire insurance. Then besides, to receive

a 20% dividend every year on our premiums makes us feel that it is our best buy in insurance. Thanks

again for your cooperation!"GENERALINSURANCE CO

QFAMERICA Wome&ffice Ask your GENERAL Agent—TODAY!

CAPITAL STOCK INSURANCE... AT ITS BEST!

GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY OF AMERICA

GENERAL CASUALTY COMPANY OF AMERICA

CO. INSURANCE FIRST NATIONAL OF AMERICA &ENERAL SEATTLE... Home Office: H. K. DENT, President

UtahSouthern Idaho Service Office, Pacific National Life Blag., Salt Lake City, Utah

116 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

TO BETTER LIVING BORNE

ON ARMS OF POWER THIS little lad, held manhigh provide his family a better living than for attention, little expense for upkeep.

firm in big, has rehands, his father's In every job where Power could slaves the master of a hundred set children are muscle, the have been symbol sourceTOarms and working than placed with power no more of power that protects and provides. their own aching arms. free from farm toil. There is no childThe father is flattered but not fooled. Throughout the century which 1s the labor problem in farming except in

He knows that no nation can be promeasure of the machine age in farmoperations still done by hand because tected by the strength of human arms, ing, Case has furnished ways for farmmachines have not yet been devised nor any people provided with good livers to use more and more Power—first or adopted.

ing from the power of human muscles. from horses, then from steam, now Granted the American freedoms of

From oars to sail to steam... from from internalcombustion engines in unfettered enterprise and unhampered

Smshcart to wagon to motortruck.. tractors, combines and hay balers. For employment, American industry and

rom handhoe to horseteam to trac- a hundred years it has been a Case ingenuity will set Power to work on tor, the path from slavery to freedom, habit to make machines strong, simmore farm jobs, set more farm chilfrom privation to plenty, always has ple, and longlived. dren free to enjoy better education,

been a path of POWER. Because his Now that extra endurance in Case and put more material blessings into

brain is greater than his brawn, man tractors is helping countless farmers their homes. In the future, as in the

has learned to multiply his strength to push their work along faster, to get century past, Case will play a worthy with Power, first from the sinews of things done with less help, to see part in the further advance of Power.

beasts, then from the forces of fire. things through with little time taken J. I. Case Co., Racine, Wis.

For sixty centuries that farming was done by hand, food always was scarce Earmarks of Case farm power are Endurance and and famine frequent. Farmers prosEconomy. It is endurance that enables Case tracpered only with slave labor; without tors to hold their swift, steady stride through

soft pulling, footing cold, hard and heat and slaves farmers than were no more

It is days seasons. long and long throughout peasants. single century In a has come extra to give enables that years them endurance miracle the of the machines and Power little this upkeep. endurance with From use of

to apply it. comes low cost per year of use. Fuel economy

Today the farmer who is master of comes both from ability to burn lowcost fuels power can produce more food and and from powersaving transmission.

GROW MORE FOOD BUY MORE BONDS SAVE MORE SCRAP

FEBRUARY, 1944 117

Moroni the Lonely {Concluded from page 116) Having10 finished his task of abridgment Moroni then proceeded to add dhaADflA. another paragraph to his title page.

This was a logical necessity. Thus

we read: An abridgment taken from the Book of (RiyDJUUL Ether also, which is a record of the people Jo of Jared, who were scattered at the time

Women and everybody who depends upon women for food and people,the Lordwhenconfoundedthey werethebuildinglanguagea towerof theto health (and that means all of us) have reason to rejoice in the publication of Mrs. get to heaven—Which is to show unto the

Leah D. Widtsoe's new book "HOW TO BE WELL."It is a companion to the "WORD remnant of the House of Israel what great

OF WISDOM,"that popular book written by lohn A. and Leah D. Widtsoe as an things the Lord hath done for their fathers;

exposition of the famous Latterday Saint principle of health. "HOW TO BE WELL,"and that they may know the covenants of

used by every woman, is excellent health insurance. Its hundreds and hundreds the Lord, that they are not cast off forever

of recipes and menus developed in harmony with the newer knowledge of nutrition—And also to the convincing of the Jew

and inspired by the "WORD OF WISDOM"will add to the health and physical and Gentile that Jesus is the CHRIST, the wellbeing of all who trust women for their nourishment and health. ETERNAL GOD, manifesting himself unto

all nations—And now, if there are faults

HOW TO BE WELL... $2.00 theycondemnare notthe themistakesthings ofof God,men; thatwherefore,ye may

be found spotless at the judgmentseat of

Teachers, speakers, missionaries, students the faith. Christ.

ful everywhere are rejoicing in the inspirational stories gathered by Preston Nibley Having done this Moroni makes a from among the best faithbuilding experiences of pioneer times and today. statement that is throbbing with human interest and pathos:

FAITH PROMOTING STORIES... $1.00 Now I, Moroni, after having made an end

of abridging the account of the people of

Whoever yearns for safe anchorage and desires strength Jared,more, butI hadI havesupposednot asnotyettoperished;have writtenand

to sustain him under the pressures of life has it abundantly in Elder Stephen L I make not myself known to the Lamanites

Richards'lest they should destroy me.11

THE CHURCH IN WAR AND PEACE.. $1.00 theTherestatement,is a note"Thaveof grimnothumoras yetin

perished."So he continued to write,

Students, missionaries, teachers appiaud the convenience, we may presume, at various times clearness and helpfulness of "THE COMBINATION REFERENCE"by Eldon Ricks. and occasions as he felt inspired to

principles in convenient Scriptural scores of Gospel are assembled passages on

Bible, Doctrine of Great return to the hill. It is passing of Mormon, and Covenants Book form from the and Pearl

Price. strange that he did not add a third

paragraph to the title page of the

Book of Mormon after finishing the

THE COMBINATION REFERENCE... 75 cents final statements found in chapter ten

of Moroni. By the time that chapter

was written Moroni had wandered

lies therein, an epic for some clever DESERET alone some thirtysix years"And BOOK COMPANY to exploit. dramatist or 44 East South Temple Street, P. O. Box 958 novelist

Salt Lake City 10, Utah 10If he used the original "twenty and four plates"

Publisher and bookseller for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints he would first have had the great task of translating them by means of the Urim and Thummim.

"THE.. BOOK CENTER OF THE INTEBMOUNTAIN WEST""Moroni "From 3851: A.D. to 421 A.D.

Kientuemen—or ts tt cLadiites: TakeFamousIt fromExplorera

(Continued from page 82) Enclosed please find a $2.00 money order to cover a renewal

of a subscription to the Era for my wife.... larIncanamongrulersthem.also Bothreferredthe Sumerianto themselvesand

May I add just a few words of appreciation for the Era, which rainbowas the sonssymbolof theas a sunmarkandof authority.wore the

has come regularly to me down here. I've always enjoyed the The Sumerian royal clan traced their

Era, but its value has gone up considerably since I've been away genealogy back to Noah who gave the from home. It helps to fill in for the many [things] we enjoyed at rainbow to them, they said, as a sign

home.... thatwouldhisneverdescendantsbe destroyedandby flood.the earthThe

PFC Robert H. Burton Incan rainbow emblem was associated

Panama with royalty who were descendants of those early Sumerians,"Mrs. Kohler

believes. 118 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Take It from a Famous Explorer She pointed to drawings of rainbow crests, explaining that they were found in various forms among both the Sumerians and Incas. She also showed me

two complicated designs which were much alike. One was the Sumerian god

Ishi, who was always pictured standing between two catlike creatures and wearing the rainbow symbol on his crown, and the other was the Incan god,

Mishi, who also was depicted between two felines with the rainbow symbol in his crown.

/Continuing with other evidences that

V* strengthen the connection between the two races, she told about King Nuna's five sons. One was named PrithuRukama which is simply the Sumerian

way of saying "Keeper of the Golden

Disk."The disk was valued as a sacred

and religious object. A similar golden

disk, found among the preIncan remains, is now on display at the Museum of the American Indian, Heye Foundation, New York City. It also was treasured as a sacred symbol.

Another striking similarity is the sacred goose which was reverenced by both the Sumerians and the Incas. In

fact the Andean goose is still considered sacred and is never molested in Peru today. "When King Nuna was at the peak of his power, he erected great temples, HERE ARE THE PANCAKES a man built dykes and canals and sponsored always likes—for breakfast, lunch or

crops.granaries to surplus hoard is flavor "Straightwheat"From supper! * that

at the the Persianhis seaport head of only "STRAIGHT /7 the result of using the secret—fAMOOS

Gulf he sent colonizing expeditions to wheat flour, combined with butterWHEAT FLA VORJ all parts of the known world,"Mrs. milk and five other baking ingrediKohler continued with the thread of ents, especially blended for your

her story. convenience. All you do is add milk

"It is significant that the Incas also or water, stir and bake—for "wheats"

built temples, dykes, canals and granas homestyle as those his grandaries of the same type. But even more mother used to make. And if he likes

remarkable, they were the only people waffles, Globe "Al"Pancake and in the New World who sailed seaWaffle Flour makes them, too—light

worthy vessels at the time of the Spanand crisp and tender. See the reciish conquest, and their ships were simipes on the package—they're lifelar in design to those found in the Near savers for meatless meals.

East!

Try 'em with honey, features, physical "In language and preserves or marmalade too, the the Incas Sumerians were and alike. The Quechua language of the JJIncan people has many words identical

in phonetics and meanings to those of

Near Eastern languages long sincedead. And both races could be identiGLOBE

fied by their prominent hooked noses, if early engravings are any indication."

But the most astounding piece of evidence which Mrs. Kohler has collinearlected is a copy of a Sumerian

inscription, telling actually of ships go- A-1 FOR EVERYTHING YOU BAKE ing to the western lands. Taken from a To be sure every time—use dependable

tablet on the tomb of Menes, who was Enriched Globe "Al"Flour. Especially

a descendant of King Nuna, the inscripmilled for western baking conditions Globe tion was translated by the late Lieuten- "Al"insures your success. Complete satant-Colonel L. A. Waddell of Great isfaction guaranteed or your money reBritain. I copied part of it from her funded.

notes as follows: "The commanderin-

chief of ships... the complete course

sunset land goingmade to the end of {Concluded on page... 120) Globe "Al"Flour

FEBRUARY, 1944 119

TAKE IT FROM A FAMOUS EXPLORER

{Concluded from page 119) The material already has been checked in ships... he completed the inspection by professors who declare that the eviROMANCE of the western land... he built a holddence is infallible and a brilliant piece

original research. at Urani land... of PIONEER LORE ingat the(orLakepossession)of the Peak."Concerning the Book of Mormon

Urani land was well known to the which Mrs. Kohler studied as a matter

Incas as an island in Lake Titicaca, of curiosity during her seven years of which was also commonly called the research, she told me emphatically: "I

1 "Lake on the Peak."The word Urani have no doubt that the Book of Morhas the same meaning in both the mon is a religious record of those early

Sumerian and Incan languages. South Americans just as much as the SWlp There are many other strong links in Bible is a religious record of the ancient

the chain that connects the two civilizaIsraelites. In all my research I have not

is saving the rest found anything which does not harYi*& n* -\}tf* tions,for a butbookMrs.whichKohlershe and Verrill Mr. monize of with the Book acMormon

THE BOOKCRAFT CO. plan to write about their discoveries. count."

P. O. Box 63, Salt Lake City, Utah

Please send C.O.D.the books checked above Send

$ heck or money order enclosed.

NAME THE CONSECRATION MOVEMENT ADDRESS [Continued from page 81) the tabernacle in which he refers to

Davis and Salt Lake counties, also the fact that on the same day President made separate deeds. The shortest Young had expressed his intention of

schedule I have discovered is that of consecrating "all that the he has unto

Soren Andersen folof Manti, which last church."item the fol- 7 The makes THE ADVERTISERS lows: lowing schedule of Frederick Rowlett

furniture Household $20.00 of Brigham unique City You Will Find and Where tools Mechanical 10.00 fiveacre lot of farming One land gun One 3.00 of Their Messages bought in the William Davis sword One 3.00 Field, Big Elder survey, Box not

Beneficial numbered Life Insurance $ 50.00 Company city lot in Brigham City and imBack Cover Total $36.00 One

Bonham Bros 72 The longest schedule is that of Brigprovements 120.00

BookcraftCo 67, 71, 114, 120, 127 ham Young, totaling $199,625.00, dated Household furniture and kitchen

furniture including Borden's Evaporated bedding Milk 72 and April 11, 1855. it will Because be of clothing of all kinds, Brigham University cooking Young 121 and

it interest general full. in is reproduced farming Case, apparatus utensils. and Company 117 200.00 J. I.,

Crescent Mfg. Co. (Mapleine)....114 (See page 81.) In all probability PresAlso my daughter, Fanny Charlotte

Daynes Music Company 67 ident Young's schedule as given in his Rowlett, born in Geneva, SwitzerDeere & Company 70 deed of consecration includes a comland, October 26, 1844 A.D.

Deseret Book Company 118 plete inventory of his possessions. This

Deseret News Press 122 conclusion is supported by a statement Total $370.00

Durkee's Troco Oleomargarine.—99 made by Orson Pratt, April 7, 1855, in "'Journal of Discourses. Vol. II. pp. 25966 Fels Naptha Soap and Soap

Chips 74 Fisher Flouring Mills (Zoom) 101 Table I

General Insurance Co.'116 DEEDS OF CONSECRATION

Glade Candy Company 100 BY COUNTIES AND YEARS OF RECORDING

Globe Grain & Milling Co 119 Hall's Canker Remedy 69 Population Nurr ber of Deeds Recorded by Years

Hotel Utah 68 o inw Milo Intermountain sCO Specialty Sales—.125 SO

SO Rennet "Junket"Tablets and 1 Renn31 - i"z tn3 net 125 Powder K]C31 -o T3 I G u S. L. Business D. College 102

>> U XI S U S Linda Food Products Loma 127 6 g 3 3 V) O'Barley 1 Maid a =eCO 65 mmCO SOin inoo F- 3 u2 003 1 c3 1 Mapleine

.'.. Morning Milk....126 Cache 2500 2605 500 140s Fuel Mountain Supply Company Box Elder 204 1608 1300 34* 260 1 33

1186 Weber 1728 3300 3675 18 Inside 226"660 24 Front 144 40 Cover

Davis 1134 1598 2700 2904 4 540 14 200 20 States Mountain Implement 115 Salt Lake 6157 8251 10700 11295 2140 628* in Christ Witness for New AmerTooele 152 1008 500 180 900 99 38 21 28 10

Juab ica 229 672 120 600 4 4 114 401

Utah 2026 4064 8248 7200 1440 69 922 147 92 Biscuit Purity 65 Company Summit B 198 Rancho Soup 100 Millard 304 715 120 600 83* 55 13 9 6

Sanpete 365 Royal 765 Baking 3815 3200 14 101 102 640 Company 52 197a 30

Beaver 785 600 120 40 Stores, Inc Safeway Iron 360 847 1010 900 180 9 3 100 5 Inside Back Cover Washington 691 500 100 4 3011

Salt Tribune Lake.124 & Telegram... Total 11380 18490 39229 35000 211 7000 378 337 86 2747 in Second Professor Heaven, War

Nelson 114 iFrom an enumeration ecclesiastical by wards October. 1853 (Jenson, Church Chronology, 49). p. There

for no report City, was Tooele but Sego Milk Grantsville reported 215. of 69 for 500 An estimate probable. Tooele seems

available. data is figure given The 2No guess. a Cache County until not organized was April 4, 1857. Standard Brands of California 101

sExact; taken in office from records of the recorder. county

Garden Tea Products 69 Estimated. Thirtyeight original file deeds in are on the church historian's office mostly surnames in

beginning with B."Utah Engraving 69

indicated as serial the highest 5Minimum by number on existing deeds. UtahIdaho Sugar 123 Co

of Tooele includes County 99 for 6The total two deeds in recorded 1862, the latest so far discovered Refining Utah Oil Company of recordings of deeds 67 anywhere. consecration have No for the been found years 1859, 1860. 1861. Poultry Utah '''Estimated. file Producers in Eight are Cooperdeeds historian's office. on the church

data available. created Though 8No in 1854, Summit County remained unorganized until 1861. ative Association... 99

"Estimated. clerk of Beaver states The county County that the recorder's office was first December, opened

8, 1857..101 Zoom

"Estimated. Seventeen original deeds are on file in the church historian's office.

"Estimated. Four original deeds are on file in the church historian's office.

120 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

THE CONSECRATION MOVEMENT 7V t this point it is possible to shed light and was especially pleased with the ****** * on an incident in the relations of the proposed application of the principle of

Mormons and the Indians in Sanpete consecration, "which would put the

County. Soon after the settlement of presiding bishop in his true position10

Manti the gospel was preached to the and so also the bishops of the wards."

red men in the vicinity and the tribal Presiding Bishop Edward Hunter rechieftain Aropeen (Arropine, Arapeen) minded his audience that under the with scores of his followers were bapstewardship system each man would tized and confirmed as members of the have as much to manage as he was able church. Following the example of his to take care of and wished that he

to could give brethren,white and executed Aropeen had. 11 someBishopdoubleHarkerwhatreportedthey already of consecration,recorded his deed

of his the brethren ward using the regular for the that provided form were fa12 consecration. of vorable to the lawpurpose. not recognize did As Indians

individual ownership of lands, AroAfter the adjournment of the conferas first presidency, all ence, the the tribal claims,peen's was covered deed cushas greatly emphasized in the form issued a statement as his belongings. as well personal This tomary,

universal need of a world. dated the It was of interesting to the an epistle document, not a treaty as

following the contains April in 10 and is presented supposed, 8some have education. good

full to show its identity in form with all paragraphs other deeds of consecration: In union there is strength; but how can a The many thousands

their interests united while become I, people auxiliaffiliated it that the presents with these by Be known diversified? they are become can How in City, (Arropine), of Siegnerouch Manti of the organizations ary to see spiritual matters, in united eye and territory the of of Sanpete and County

partly underonly eye, they can which especially, in whatChurch for the of consideration Utah, and good in united to until regard stand, they become

I will the of to have Jesus which Church their in occupations ever things, comprethey temporal which do Saints, of Christ give Latterday conand

It revelation in given unto hend? a was life, traincollege demand unto Trusteein-Trsut Brigham vey Young,

of early the in Smith Brother days Joseph in his for office said Church, successors and ing. all that conthe should Saints the Church all assigns, claim to of ownership and my the their unto Church, substance secrate the towit: property, following described

the their at hands inheritances receive and If attend cannot you ofthen Partridge, of Bishop was who of land portion country and The... Univeroffice. Brigham ficiating Young in that toas Pete County, San known

the teachings the conference During Inall sity the gether bring timber Church with and mathis (consecration) subject turned upon terial the on same $155,000 stitution of learnhigher in the united of doctrine the being and total horses $500, 4 $120, 620 Ten cows all things understood could be which by into ing 1 1 your homes bull calf $40, $5, $50, ox One in in interests things our concentrating and total 95 through to consee could eye eye which was we tools farming guns $40, $10,Two first efstep sidered; towards the being total 50

that to desirable acfecting union be so Courses, Study Home that us give complished; powwhich would Total amount $155,765

drive iniquity every er to and put down Together with all the rights, privileges and evil and pernicious influence from our itself manifested This principle appurtenances thereunto belonging or apmidst. to Write to all its brethren in of the the understanding pertaining. I also that covenant and agree

simplicity. plainness, beauty, and The I claimant of said and owner am the lawful peoExtension Division

desire to feel to com- a strong ple seemed forever property deand will warrant and fend the same unto the said Trusteein- ply with every commandment and requireTrust, his successors in office and assigns ment which had been given, and appeared against the claims of my heirs, assigns or to feel as though now there were no obBRIGHAM YOUNG any person whomsoever. stacles to a full and frank compliance with His the law of consecration as first given to UNIVERSITY

Joseph. Siegnerouch (Arropine) X Brother PROVO, UTAH

thus far proves their sincerity The sequel Mark

Then follow names and witnesses inthousandsthis thing;to forgivetheyin flocktheir bynames,hundredsdevotingand

and notarized acknowledgment. and deeding all and everything which they possess, unto the Church, receiving their in- ******

'"pHOUGH the earliest deed was reheritances, and so much of their property is as needful for them from the hands of * in corded Millard County, January the bishop."A moving story of one wom- 1, the a began almost 1855, movement

year earlier. As is characteristic of In view of the fact that no deed of an's devotion to her children

procedure in the church, the first public record has been found with a date and her church.

announcement was made in the general earlier than that of January 1, 1855, it conference of April, 1854. Reference is difficult to understand this reference

was made to the principle of consecrato deeds by the hundreds and thousands UV THE tion by President Young in his renine months earlier. A clue to the exmarks on April 8, 1854. He emphasized planation is found in the Twelfth GenGOSPEL

the importance of union in everyday eral Epistle issued in April, 1855, in affairs. the of consecrait is theme day Next consecrations that stated "the which NET tion Apostle discussed Orson for a the by Saints delayed of been have was9 A. Widtsoe It bishalso discussed at a Hyde. of the obtain in to a By Dr. John was time order form

op's meeting on April 8 and again two {Continued on page 124) weeks later. Bishop Heywood exRecord of Bishop's Meeting, 18511862, Ms., For sale at

pressed satisfaction with the conference church historian's office Bookdealers everywhere u-Ibid. April 25, 1854

8See The Founding of Utah, Young, p. 278 Ibid. $1.25

'Original minutes of the conference, office of church Eleventh General Epistle, Millennial Star, 16:

historian 42728 FEBRUARY, 1944 121 SOLUTION OF JANUARY PUZZLE Scriptural Crossword Puzzle—Noah and the Flood

"They did eat, they drank, they married wives, they were given in marriage, until the day that Noe entered into the ark, and the flood came, and destroyed them all."Luke

17:27.

FUNDAMENTAL

ACROSSPRINCIPLES...

42 Ejects 1 "Make thee an..."Gen. 6: 14

1 across of 4 Material Within (two words) 46 ".".. of in burnt period Part 8: 28 Josh. "be 13 48 as "Joshua a past Now, many

set sea 14 Great "I do... in the cloud "my 49 history, trial of in country's our

15 meaning Pouch Combining form "oil"50 some of those good old axioms of 17 It faced those outside the ark 53 Gulf between Arabia and Africa right conduct which we like to 1918 ArtificialSince language 5654 EpochMelody call,vfundamentar'are being 21 Avouch 57 Conjunction stressed anew. 2224 GreekExclamationletter 6058 VeinFeminineof feldspathicproper namerock

26 Grandson of Noah Gen. 10: 2 61 West Africa

Washington and the men who 28 Large walking fish of India 62 Part of the Bible toiled with him founded a mighty 30 Preposition 64 "make them as a fiery..."

"nation upon those principles. 3133 ArborealSweet potatomammal 6766 "SonandofhisGadsons'Gen... 46:. with16 him

Our sons are dying for them to34 Pronoun 69 A covenant signer Neh. 10: 26

day. 3538 MountainPronoun ash 7270 Noah's"And I agewillthenremember(Rom. mynum.)..."

39 Egyptian For the perpetuation of those 40 "... willdeitydestroy them "7473 NumberTelluriumof days of rain (Rom. num.)

principles buy 41 Clips DOWN

this navigator; in MORE AND MDRE 2 town 32 English Rain begins Maine way

of the the ark "family were 3 Noah's this 36 "Noah opened... WAR BONDS 4 Sender of the Flood 37 Old order including spiders

the sorrel place In same 43 5 Wood "the of the covenant "44 of a ready writer"... "the... For 6

45 South Wales Testament book 7 Old "the. Spirit 8.. was upon the earth "47

stayed yet other "in her... days""he 10 mouth was an... leaf"50i5etter f-nntln9 9 Misery 48 One of David's officers 2 Sam. 20: 26 of place Resting the ark 51 botanist 11 German

see 12 Set in the side of the ark 52 Dog 16 Son of Noah 55 "And he sent forth a..."

20 Another son of Noah 59 "Also he sent forth a..."

flesh, of every sort "of all Pungent gaseous compound 63...Jke <Jje5eret If few5 f-reSi 21

troubled sea is the 65 Even 23 Hardens 29 Richards St. 24 Son of Noah 68 Roman numeral

25 Consumed 69 Preposition Salt Lake City, Utah 27 Used on a boat, but not on the ark 70 510 * * 2829 OneCountrymorenearthanPalestinethe last Num.Psalm 23: 7 71 Days the waters prevailed (Rom. num.)

122 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SUGAR BEETS incomparable source of quick energy food for fighter or civilian worker; dependable and profitable cash

crop; promoter of other crops through rotation and soil

improvement; stimulator of livestock industry; builder

of communities.

JhsL U)smL ybmUu VftoisL SuuqWi. (BssJUl

UtahIdaho Sugar Cdmpany THE CONSECRATION MOVEMENT ( Continued from page 121) were actually drawn during the year deed which should be legal in accord1854, probably without regard to any ance with the laws of the Territory. uniformity of wording or arrangement

This has now been accomplished and of subject matter. If presented at all,

many are deeding their property to the to the bishop or other agent of the church."1* Another clue to an explanachurch, they were withheld from record

tion is found in the statement made by and finally exchanged for deeds drawn

James H. Martineau of Parowan, who in proper form. All the deeds conveyed

reports that toward the end of April, to Brigham Young, Trusteein-Trust, 1854, Elder T, D. Brown came from and not to Edward Hunter, bishop of

Salt Lake to teach the principle of conthe church, thereby departing from the secration and that he ( Martineau ) was letter of the revelations and from the appointed to make out the deeds."practice in Jackson County, Missouri,

found no earlier. I have years so that twenty reports he was he Elsewhere

in this change for explanation is adequate date 1855, la which appointed in May, procedure. Twelfth date of the to the subsequent

legal referring to the Epistle General in a be concluded study will [This form of deed. We conclude that deeds in March, article, to appear second

act in an for Is to provided a form reference 14The question why, the will consider which

Resolutions, Acts, 1855. 18, See approved January not did property transfers actual Salt Utah, of Great of Territory of the if Memorials and

Uke City, 1855, Chapter LXXIII. occur, the deeds were made at all and

53:626 News, wDeseret 185562 rather than at some why in

Biographical 18Jenson, time.] Encyclopedia, Vol. 3, pp. other 156159

BRIGHAM YOUNG'S DEED One of the measures of a great news- {Continued from page 81) Three carriages, value four hundred

One doby house and garden, north and fifty dollars 450 paper is its constant endeavor to serve adjoining block eightynine, value One Omnibus, value three hundred two thousand dollars, including dollars 300 its readers beyond the primary funclittle Saw Mill 2,000 Two buggies, value two hundred

Lot two in block fourteen, in B. and fifty dollars 250

sleigh, value one hundred and survey, and one One new tion of providing complete and accurYoung's 150 fifty dollars thereon, value one doby house dollars 50 mill, value fifty fanning dollars 1,000 One thousand ate news coverage.

eight hunthreshing machine, One and fourteen lots in hundred One said new survey, value eleven dred dollars 800 harness, value of good sets dollars 1 1,400 Three hundred four thousand The editorial minds of the Salt Lake doltwenty-five and is one hundred Salt within Great All of which -- 125—Tribune constantly are awake to this OneLakeold Citygardensurvey.farm, situated east Ninelars common sets of harness, value

of Great Salt Lake City survey, one hundred and thirtyfive doladded obligation. Accepting only the but within the limits of Great Salt lars—135

Lake City incorporation, value Twenty ploughs, value three hunmaterial of greatest value to its readers, two thousand dollars 2,000 dred dollars 300

The undivided share of Chase's One harrow, value ten dollars 10 this newspaper constantly offers the Mill, and farm of one hundred Fifteen cows in the G. S. L. City,

acres, value forty thousand dolvalue five hundred and twentycontributions of America's bestlars 40,000 five dollars 525

Onehalf of Kanyon Creek Flooring Five pigs, value fifty dollars 50 informed writers... features of pracMill and farm of two hundred Seven head of cattle at Church pasacres, value fourteen thousand ture, value two hundred dollars.—200

chain, value gold watch and dollars 14,000 One tical service... entertainment for endollars.... fifty 750 and hundred seven lots of five acres eah, No. Three

and chain, value gold watch fifteen, ten, block One No. eleven, joyment of the entire family.

100 dollars hundred fifteen, one block block No. three,

seven, value three hundred dolFour gold watches at $65 each, value

The Salt Lake Tribune is a publicOnelarsfarm over Jordan, value two 300 Threetwo hundredsilver watchesand sixtyat dollars$50 each, 260 one hundred and fifty doldollars 2,000 value thousand 150 lars acres of mowing land, at the service institution committed to comForty value one each, clocks Six at $20 Creek, of South Willow mouth dollars 120 twenty dollars hundred and four hundred 400 plete fulfillment of the exacting expecvalue

Improvements on Antelope Island, Silver plate, value two hundred and tations of its readers. five hundred dollars 500 fifty dollars 250

House and farm in San Pete Co., Six cooking stoves at $50 each,

the house of rough stone, in Manti value three hundred dollars 300

City, the farm immediately north, Twentyone beds and bedding at value five thousand dollars 5,000 $100 each, value twentyone hunThree hundred and fifty head of catdred dollars 2,100 tle, value seven thousand dollars.. 7,000 Four small beds, value one hundred

and ten horses, value five hundred dollars 100 dollars, on Antelope Island 500 Crockery and table ware, value five

Nine horses, value thirteen hundred hundred dollars 500 dred and fifty dollars 1,350 Other household furniture, value

Nine mules, value thirteen hundred one thouand dollars 1,000 and fifty dollars 1,350 The Butterfield lot No. four in block

Eight wagons, value four hundred eightyfour in G. S. L. survey,

dollars 400 one thousand dollars 1,000

One coach, value four hundred dollars 400 Total value - $199,625 124 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

BRIGHAM YOUNG'S DEED Together with, all the rights, and privileges, Territory of Utah and appurtenances thereunto belonging or County of Great Salt Lake appertaining. I also covenant and agree

that I claimant and owner am the lawful of I, Elias Smith, judge of the Probatesaid property, and will warrant and forever defend the same, unto the said TrusteeCourt, for Great Salt Lake County, certify inTrust, his successors in office and asthat the signer of the above transfer, persigns, against the claims of my heirs, assonally known to me, appeared this eleventhsigns, or any person whomsoever.

Brigham Young day of April, A.D. 1855, and acknowledged

Witnesses: Daniel H. Wells that he of his own choice, executed the foreJoseph Cain going transfer.

Albert Carrington E. Smith

Children "go for"THE BOOK OF JOB Andtemptingno wonder!rennetcustardsPretty colors, mouthflavors, watering lots of gay, tasty topif thereof, laid the measure {Concluded hath page 79) from Who pings rennetcustards make surprise a the stretchad hath knowest? thou or who height. Herein has reached the Job treat every time serve you them. And it?"line upon is itself all in tovictory it'sEach a and so easy milk into these to make thereof the foundations are Whereupon

. eggless,. faithgether sort of a noncooked of system custards the make laid stone the corner fastened? who Or rennet enzyme the makes milk.more fortriumphant. alone, his even was Job thereof;

readily digestible too.friends him. not understood had Jesus together, stars the sang morning When

Rennet "Junket"this felt in alloften loneliness grocers'. joy? same his and all the sons of God shouted for

Already sweetened. Powder—Six favoriteAtflavors.life, 38.) (Job looking solemnly he and forward

Vanilla Chocolate Lemon alone,declared: not yet "And Orange I am Raspberry Maple

because the Father is with me."Job's The Lord stood by Job and gave him "Junket"Rennet Tablets

through comfort. found had Job God sweetened.loneliness—Not sugar, into turned a holy Add and was

flavor taste. 12 to rennet faith. sin his sorrow, and and Death hisblessed sacrament and knowledge tablets in package; each tab- "Wi

if faith fixed into shrink nothing be pain let or 4 life's 5 makes rennetof problems deep was and comcustard desserts or than more 1y restored of in the God. ways was Jobprehensive. the oppression of knew rt#.JUC<fc knw He of a pint ice cream. groAt

the—"manpoor;thatheisknewborn sorrowof womanandis troubleof few toeverhealth,before.and Hegreaterhad prosperitymore sons thanand /r \\ cers and druggists.

days and full of trouble,"The eternal daughters and lived to a good old age.

does not answer our insistent questions. The closing words of the book are its

its culmination: and key but does give not explain, he doesGod JUNKET spirit ofto the the anguished a sense answered the Lord, and said, Then Job

divine greatness cease when questions RENNET in of submission. the peace "He pOWDER m does andI knowthat nothatthoughtthou cancanstbe withholdendo every thing,from

not answer the interrogations of the thee.

satisfy the profound doesmind, but he that hideth counsel without Who is heyearnings of the spirit."I uttered therefore have knowledge? that makes Mil* int<>., efA R0 S

I for not; things too wonderful understood

subliraest to the part comeTT7e now not. me, which I knew 'gjLJssyt * the of the speech of of Job, Book

I I I thee, will speak: beseech and Hear

recipe? rnilkdes.- I for delicious all in the of storm. out "Nowhere FOFFGod thee, will declare of unto Wartimeserta thou and ice demand and also fold- f n; er, is "Mother, literaturethe world's majestic there About so Diet?"creams;What helpfulMy me.

"The 'Junket'Folks,"picture of All of the glorya God."Chr. 72. Inc.. Hansen's Laboratory, I Dept, thee of hearing of the heard have by

Little Falls, (In Toronto, Canada, Ont,) N. Y. it is is fullnature mystery, yet of and ear: the thee. seeth But mine eye now Please send free chilrecipes wartime andall are divine providence. part the of So dren's diet folder.

the moral mysteries of life a part of the and(Justaddpasteyourthisnamecouponandonaddress.)postcard

same inscrutable divine providence. Then came there unto him all his brethren,

The final need is "To trust in God; beand all his sisters, and all they that had

lieving where we cannot prove."In the been of his acquaintance before, and did

end Job caught the vision of the power eat bread with him in his house: and they

and wisdom of God. Divine love penebemoaned him, and comforted him over all

evil upon brought the had Lord that the alltrates extogether binds and human a piece also him gave every him: man reality;perience. to shadows "Through gold. earring of every one an and money, eternal the to thethrough temporal of N E W of latter the blessed end the Job Lord So all lifethis is greatly the of meaning fourfor his he beginning: had than more HITSlived."calm, of mind became The Job SONG six thousand sheep, and teen thousand

and he discerned the ways of God camels, and a thousand yoke of oxen, and by Larron Colston which bring the righteous man safely a thousand she asses.

home to him. He had suffered everyHe had also seven sons and three daugh- "March of the Free"

thing, and yet lie knew that God lives, ters. Dedicated to the men of Kearna

the allloving God, who convinces Job And he called the name of the first, Jemima;

of his mighty works and the name of the second, Kezia; and the "Shangrila"

name of the third, Kerenhappuch. The Ship of Vengeance

the the of out answered Job Lord Then all in found land the were no women And said,whirlwind, and Tell?"their "And Can fair as the of daughters and Job: so Who is this that counsel darkeneth by Who Patriotic Love Song their father inheritance them gave among without knowledge?words

brethren. dealer, at available music not your 1 loins like for thy a Gird man; up now all for $1.00 to Intermountain three Ifsend this lived forty After an hundred and Jobwill thee, thou of me. and answer demand Bldg., Sales, Specialty Mclntyre

Where wast thou when I laid the foundayears, and saw his sons, and his sons'sons, Lake City. Salt

tions of the earth? declare, if thou hast even four generations.

understanding. So Job died, being old and full of days.

FEBRUARY, 1944 MEN OF SCIENCE

{Continued from page 77) certified to warrant the following conclusion:

to the attempt writer sent in an by less difthe that than It is probable no It hypothesis. the was check above

the ference highest nonbetween and Utah settle this possible in to thought way scientists of state in production Mormon important questions which might either proportion to population is caused by thein disprove or tend to certify the hypoinfluence of the Latterday Saint Church in thesis. the state of Utah.

For example, in Utah in the approxi- /\NE hundred and seventyseven mate year of these men's birth, onequestionnaires were sent, covering the population fourth of nonMor- was alphabet the through from R. The A

Is or there less than mon. actually more scientists help sought were whose was

this of percentage nonMormons among cooperative, sixtytwo generously and

If scientists there are the from Utah? percent quesreturned answered and

it to in proportion, tend would more tionnaires, the through of group A 50% lead, credit for disprove church Utah's the of R. group I and J through 78%

if less, hypothesis. the to while prove refacts the greater revealed by The

the therefore questionnaire asked The correlate the of sponse very group J-R scientists. affiliation the of church Utah facts closely of the the group. with A-I

Next it was necessary to determine The percentage response was large whether or not the Mormons among the enough and sufficiently representative,

Utah scientists had actually been exeven in the 50% response group, that posed to strong church influence or additional responses, as received from whether they were only nominally the 78% response group, did not alter

Mormon. There seemed three aspects the results. The statistics below are

of this to be checked: namely, home intherefore reliable.

influence, fluence, attendance church requestionnaires answered The individual influence of active and the following partivealed facts; they should

cipation. be noted in connection with the check

The best available check on whether of the hypothesis outlined above:

the strongly was was Mormon home the of Percentage among Mormons the parents or not whether taken to be 83.3 of Science Utah Men

Christ divinity of testimonies the of had this (Contrast in Utah to Mormons and the church. The scientists were population when these men were

therefore requested to give their opinion born 75.)

as to the testimony of their parents.

scientists Latterstrong from the Mormon also to indicate asked They were the Saint as indicated day homes by churchattended they of years number testifact their of parents having sponsored meetings regularly, and monies 98.

whether during the formative years of adolescence they participated in the Mormon scientists who attended church regularly up to 18 years of as teachers, officers, or missionmeetings church 86. age aries.

A check on the resultant attitudes of Mormontively scientistsas teachers,whoofficers,participatedor misac- the scientists themselves toward the sionaries 72.

church was made by having them indicate their degree of certainty of the Mormon scientists having testimonies divinity of Christ and the church. of the divinity of Christ. 68.

scientists Utahborn outline the ( NonMormon following paragraphs The divinitestimonies of Christ's having possible the hypothesis of made FinerFlavored check ty by the questionnaire; they must be read 36.3)

carefully, for they are the core of this Mormon scientists convinced that the contributed significantly to church MORNING inquiry: 72. their achievements

If the percentage of Mormons in the ranks

All but one of the hypotheticals used MILK of Utah scientists is greater than the percentage of Mormons in the Utah population to arrive at the possible conclusion of when they were reared; church credit for Utah's lead are anthe affirmative the clearly in by scientists from swered came If many Mormon Still a church best seller one is this: above statistics. That Are attended homes, strong Saint Latterday

meetings regularly, and were active particithere teachings and organizations of the ( Gospel Standards pants in the program of the church; church likely to encourage achievement,

By President Heber J. Grant fluencedIf, as ain result,their livesmanybywerethe churchsufficientlyto haveinparticularlystatement of inthescientificscientistslines?themselvesThe

gained testimonies of the divinity of Christ; that they believe the church contributed

for the challenge Comfort and is their significantly achievements to that themselves are If they convinced this. from world of today past the partial a dynamic Also relevant to answer to their significantly to contributed church

this point fact that is the only 37.5% achievements;

$2.25 scientists, of the as shown nonMormon

if actually there are teachings and And writer's that the survey, thought by likely organizations of the ento church their their to church contributed in scientiparticularly achievement, courage at sale For the that suggests achievements, which fic all things of were directions—if Bookdealers everywhere teachings give church Mormon may to the the be true shown by thesesurvey—then

hypothesis would probably be sufficiently and opportunities promoting scientific 126 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA:.!

MEN OF SCIENCE

achievement which are lacking in other suggests this reason for Utah's place on The HOT DRINK churches/ the chart: for all the family

often of Saint Latterday Parents youths in science of reared men The Utah ill sacrifices that see afford to they can make replies their in given to thehave questheir that will education children obtain an tionnaire explanations of some how for to qualify service greater mankind, them church influence could have produced and that will give them greater joy in that

Utah's lead and how it contributed to service.

their own achievements. These indicate

that the church does have teachings Explanations of how the church conand organizations likely to encourage tributed to their own achievements folsimilar lines of thought. low A scientist scientific achievement, as well as other

in Florida, Orlando, says it helped types of achievement. him mMMSwsmm

"because of its fundamental philosophy

As possibly accounting for Utah's which encourages the development of position on the chart, a Utahborn scione's abilities."Another in Ames,

entist now in Washington, D.C., briefly Iowa, claims that it aided him in sciROASTEDSOY BEANS

achievement "through lists the following: entific constant CEREALS. FIGS. HONEY of its encouragement members."

1. Mormon doctrine of eternal progress. The dean of commerce of a techno-

2. the of Encouragement church to pursue in logical states not school that Utah

all lines scientific of knowledge. truth—i.e., contributed to his achievechurch the truth truth the shall and "Know make the its favor through inculcating ments "desire a to be of Gaining by free."3. ofyou Word Wisdom—abservice fellow to men."mystinence alcohol from tobacco. and flavor for 10 years\ Good

of science number of men A large for you and GOOD, too Pertaining to Utah's lead is this opinsurveyed these such as made comments ion from Manhattan, Kansas: quoted. However, space will not now

In view of the definite interest in educapermit printing more than this additiontion, in scientific experimentation and in al one from a Salt Lake scientist cultural liberal arts and the as shown by believe the I received teachings not I do early leaders Saints, of the Latterday accidental. I think it were are such teachingsseems only that consequence a natural Utah general the throughout Latterday Saintshould scientists. splendid produce

If in Church. of the production Utah leads

A Los Angeles scientist sent this by"menapproximatelyof science,"I thewouldsameexpectpercentageit to leadin statement: other scholastic fields.

Teachings of the church give one a Possibly the scientist is correct in this splendid philosophy of life and a strong conclusion, for the Associated Press

'determination to obtain knowledge. "The sent the following story out of Boston, /.:'':

is intelligence"glory of God 7, 1940:

stimulating thought. "Man is savedis aonlymostas December

fast as he gains knowledge"is another. BeIf there were some sort of "Rose Bowl"

lief that our knowledge gained in this world contest between states that produce the most to take us the is also with nextwe consmart people 1,000,000 population, the B reakfast to struggle forducive I believe knowledge. nod would Massachusetts. go and perto—Utahthe in this stimulates church young way filed a report says so At least here with the

men and women to train their minds. This American Academy of Arts and Science by

is an age of science; therefore, in seeking an Prof. Edward L. Thorndike, Columbia Unioutlet, more have chosen science than any versity psychologist. He listed those states

other field of learning. in onetwo order with respect to producing

"men and women of great ability."A Fort Collins, Colorado, scientist

writes: Tabulated results of this survey, as If THode 6y t&e moment o RUSKETS

chart, the shown are second on pubof the I of the fundamentals church One LINDA FOOD CO. LOMA first is lished for the in this time issue of Arlington/Californiato V provide with each or re- a job member

.Era, the Dr. with Thorndike's permisactivities.sponsibility or part in the church's

It teaches reliability and honesty and resion. Here again Utah has a production

sourcefulness. in proportion to population double that

of the average American state, and its

This is the view of a Salt Lake City lead over the second place state is still From the green hills of Vermont to scientist: substantial: twentytwo percent. The the deserts of Utah

report mentioned by this press notice is, as once "As was; man now God God an analysis based on of the was volumes Brigham Young is, therebecome."man ye "Benow may Science, of and Wo's Men Who, perfect,fore in father as even heaven your

in Leaders Education. the Colonizeris perfect."intellectual doctrine of The

evolution is the essence of Mormon philos- A comparison of differences between By Dr. Milton R. Hunterophy.

Utah and other states, together with the The dramatic unfolding of a great

A man of science from Logan, Utah, inapparentthe livesinfluenceof most whichMormonthe scientistschurch hadas $3.00 venture

*It should not be supposed, however, that any atshown by the writer's survey make it Order from tempt is made to suggest that all Mormon scientists appear reasonable that a significant part influence. such of the church becausebecame Indeed, BOOKCRAFT COMPANY of Utah's rank as a scientistproducing of majority, a them, perhapsmany been would have State 1465 South is state that influence. ofregardless that could be attributable to the influThe suggestion

for probablythe church accounts less than no the ence of the Church of Jesus Christ of Salt Lake City 4, Utah that to in proportion populationnumber Utah has more than any nonMormon state. Latterday Saints.

FEBRUARY, 1944 127.

Your Ours

3kOk5k < < <<<

all can, the you good all Dear Editor: can, the Ogden, Utah DoIn you ways

places can, In all the you for Balls recipe have Popcorn is just what Honey we YOUR all can, the times At you for neighto delight looking all the been youngsters in our borhood these "company holidays"and we thank you so much. To all the people you can,

As long as ever you can.

Jessie Beishline of Conduct"—John Wesley, "Rules

S>

Income greedy Tax's Our maw Roselle, Jersey New Franklin discerned, scarce could Ben have Evans: Mr.

else he the have would saw Dear made Or until listened for years have to your Sunday broadcasts is dollar earned."saved a penny "A I may now be said, the Mormon program has become a partit

-&- of our family life.

However, I am not writing this letter so much because of the

Flattery won't hurt you if you don't swallow? it. radio program, although it is excellent, but rather to express

thanks for your clean little magazine, The Improvement Era.

year's St. sent subUtah, of a John, me A Mormon

it the scription worthwhile to as most we friendEra—and Gainesville,\ Georgia.. far travel reading. very family his not from and all mayenjoy He J.50 K.NorthOrtonMain Street letters as friendly deeds, his sending such home, but. and good

Salt Lake City, Utah. me The Improvement Era, will reach farther than he ever

Dear Sir: realizes.

of families circulate that It five four will or through I know of the very subscription proud I"am Improvement to The pass will country, the sent then always to where be Bra and we * St. wish and the to thank Augustine the of Florida Branch

.. magazines. along our

District for presenting I the subscription. with me very As am for sincerest gratitude Improvement Deepest and Era—The

I of reading, fond and have very had some thoughts good as in the East. it reaches our Quaker home

brought to me by reading the Era. 1 had the pleasure of atChauncey O. Reinhart

tending a very interesting class in the Atlanta Sunday School.

Mrs. Quentin Reynolds Smoking on Trains

-<S>- <<rpHERE's one thing I don't do!"says the robust gentleman

little etiquette circular in graphic smoking the * on now Idaho Moscow, trains: second- "I don't distributed being Pullman make on Editor: Dear

..."smoke. don't folks to of want smokers out hand who

like -of to add endorsement an T SHOULD from a the Era new the "wise to guys"the fellow rebuke big on goes who And

If * angle. ever need someone's you opinion regarding the light their seats in and so and decide up to they smoke want

worthiness of campaigning, refer please Era to me. them car. in the screen crowded to lay I'm proceed a smoke down

the each fall. During sold on Era Week last Era I was Week, telling passengers like to porters don't "Pullman go around

for campaigning at the Eras Beehive night. House one While timid that their Well, manners. happens? So what to mind

girl last there I met the at the who, September Temple, Logan takes little just sits old it. Same there and from lady across me

I wife. course, became can't that guarantee Of my everyone lap. in the her with to the with baby one next woman you—the will I be so shall rewarded; as for but me, indebted always be tell reservations where else them do? Their can they What

for to the finest the person Era could ever who come to, into my to seats for anyway. there's them to sit, move and no vacant

life. Pvt. Joics B. Stone Sure, they might go into the lady's lounge or dressing room,

but I understand the girls turn the air blue in there also."

For this glimpse of a smoker who calls himself a "rugged his limits to decency impose individualist"but on has the Dr. Honolulu, Hawaii

first of the individualism, Elder Kirkham A. Oscar we thank Salt Lake City, Utah

My dear sir: councilrailroad offolder.the seventy, who brought us a copy of the little

"VTou, no doubt, have completely forgotten me; however, I've

* thought of you many, many times in the years since we Formula for Mercy Killing met You were a friend who gave me medical attention, for which I am herewith paying you, and who gave me spiritual It is said a certain jury returned the following verdict in a advice, which I can never repay and which has aided me imrailroad damage suit:

mensely. "If the train had run as it should have run, and if the whistle

if as the as it blew, should rung bell had and had have blowed that time to At the a convert (1936) church, I was it still it neither, the rung, should of did have both which cow using fortyfive tobacco, earning dollars told month. a You

killed."injured she not have would been was when if us, wife, and for six would me pay tithing months we my

and then come to you and honestly say we had received no benefit from such tithing, you would refund to us every cent. A System That Works

aren't asking for refund. present, any you such At Well—we feel after "I better Mrs. cry."Smythe: a good, always hard are well fine with sons, tithing and happy we two paying a on

I. It sort gets things Mrs. Smith: of of out your do "So fourhundred-andfifty-dollar-a-month I salary. elder an am system."standing in the in good church held and several rehave

it doesn't Mrs. get of Smythe: anything out "No, my sponsible positions, as also I has wife. doing a large my am system, things of get it does but out husband!"my in genealogy, and work have been temples through two we

with our children.

Thanks, doctor. Your bit of home missionary work has "Mother Knows Best"

been others passed as on to many repayment to you. It has "Seems to me that old Mother Nature has provided for

rich returns brought to us, especially many I was when on every contingency."

church Welfare work. "What prompts that moral reflection?"

I am working as a skilled mechanic on defense work here "Look at the way she has placed our ears, yet she couldn't at present. Must close and go to work. F. B. have known that we were going to hook glasses over them."

128 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Safeway announces A NEW BUYING SETUP FOR FARM PRODUCTS

We Safeway people are always trying to improve our ways of working with farmers. Now we've reorganized our buying operations

to further increase our efficiency and serve farmers better

it benefits of paying the farmer asBusy as you are today, it's cient for us—and

wise to give thought to you producers also. much or more for his prodthe best possiblemaking obtain elsecan uct as he

Past,selling connections present both In the first place, the rewhere. and

now and for the long haul. gional offices of these new future, that's our policy—

companies are being located and we're proud of it.

With this in mind, you'll right in the areas where be interested in the recent products we buy are grown.

step we have taken to further streamline our buying operations. Under this new

plan, we've completely separated our buying and distributing functions. Each of There's always been a very

our buying divisions is idengood reason why we can af-—eachtified bybuysa distinctivecertain definitename ford to pay top prices.

farm products for us. This gives producers a close For 27 years the Safeway

people have been improving personal contact with our Bear in mind that these methods of handling foods faceto- deal buyers. Youcompanies are all divisions the cost of getting long-—cutting of instead face throughof Safeway. This means food from the farmer to the

they buy exclusively for distance transactions. consumer. This greater effiSafeway retail stores.They Another important point ciency has saved money to

do not collect or accept—in many cases these combenefit grower and concommissions, allowances panies operate receiving sumer alike.

or brokerage. and packing sheds. You can Today, the more efficient

Our Easwest Produce Co., deliver smaller quantities Safeway food distribution

for instance, buys produce instead of having to make system is a great national asfor sale in Safeway retail up car lots for shipment. set. In war or peace, everystores. Our Interstate Egg And these Safeway combody benefits by the straightCo., specializes in eggs. Our panies all follow the longest possible road between

Superior Cheese Co., in established Safeway policy producer and consumer.

cheese. And so on.

This setup is more effiLAY AWAY A BOND TODAY SAFEWAY

INSURERS OF AMERICAN LIBERTY

fi '-.

SSSfe, \

,glgg m

ipiii iiisiiiKill flltllt

"JT Washington and Lincoln—mighty

monuments on the highway of human progress—were the real

insurers of our national heritage.

j Q {or our

u,-v,B * *> I1 iamilies Benefit IIV III life—

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA < wrT AfA RETURN POSTAGE SUARANTEE0 SALT LAKE "CITY- l%ttTAH *