is Intelligence. Nq. 1.Vol. IX. The Gkry of God

IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Organ of Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations.

PUBLISHED BY THE GENERAL BOARD.

/ UUSlneSS TiKBKR F..lOSKllI SMITH,

\ Managers. TiioMAS.1.lliix,(iBANT, ANDKUsoN. 'V ITHItnre""''"'''- M. EDWAUi)

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as SecondClass Matter.

4k*—: NOVEMBER, 1905.

TABLE OF CONTENTS.

St. Paul, by Thorwaldsen Frontispiece

Life ui St. Paul for the Young—I-IV George L. Weed 1

The Mormon Boy at College Prof. Osborne Wicisloe 15

The Prayer. A Poem *.... J. L. Townsend 19'

The Courtship of Kanosh. A Story.9. Susa Young Gates 21

Peace. A Poem ': C.Clift 38

The Truth Shall Make You Free. William Halls 39

A Trip to Nauvoo..* G. A. Gamble 46

Topics of Moment—The New Treaty—Enlarged

Freedom in Russia Dr. Jos. M. Tanner SO

Love's Caress. A Poem 53

Editor's Table—A Spiritual Feast—Lonference 54

Benediction Prest. Jos. F. Smith 5U

Volume Nine Era—Questions and AnswersConvictions and Fines of the "Raid"A. Milton Musser 63

New Publications: Reorganized CUurch vs.

Salvation for the Dead—Outlines of Mormon

Philosophy 66 Notes 67 In Lighter Mood 68 Our Work—Class Methods i Dr. George H. Brimhall 69

Obstacles George Albert Smith 72

Splendid Organizations—Annual Field Day 73

Committee 74 Events and Comments Edward H. Anderson 75

SALT LAKE CITY.

214 p.'215 TEMPLETON BUILDING.

Published Monthly. $2.00 Per Annum

KEEP MONEY AT HOME BY INSURING IN THE When looking for Lumber look for the Geo. Romney

Lumber Co.

65 N. First West Street.

O. D, ROMNEY, Mgr.

THH.

SlfllEBflJlKoFUTJlH Accounts Solicited.

Don't carry your own risk. Correspondence Invited.

OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS.

Joseph HEBER J, GRANT & CO., Wm. B. F.Preston,Smith, President.VicePresident.

GENERAL AGENTS. CharlesHenry T.S.McEwan,Burton, Cashier.Ass't Cashier.

Heber J. Grant, Jos. D. Murdock,

2026 South Main Strtet, Salt Lake City. A. W. Carlson, Heber M. WeUs,

Byr. n Groo. Isaac Barton.

YOL ARE DELIDING YOLRSELI Telephone 351. WHEN YOL SAY,

Jos.Wm.Taylor,

UTAH'S LEADING UNDERTAKER "Telephone LONG

AND LICENSED EMBALMER.,. oPlSTANCe

Fine Funeral Chapel, Private ParTELEPHONE lor, Show Rooms and Morgue. would be of

OrriCL OPEN DAY AND NIGHT.

21, 23, 25 South West Temple St. no use to me

SALT LAKE CITT, UTAH.

at the house."

TRY IT AND SEE.

ORLAN CLYDE CULLEN, Ask any of your many

COUNSELORAT-LAW. friends who have it.

U. S. Supreme Court, Registered Attorney

a. 8. Patent Office, United States and For- j Jk jk

eign Patents, Caveats, Trade Marks and

Copyrights. ONE DOLLAR PER MONTH IS

Opp. U. S. Patent Office W A8H1NQT0N.D.C. ARGUMENT.

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Erm.)

GOOD BUSINESS TR)3II]II]G Is the secret of financial success, and lavs ihc foundation of a prosperous career.

1 i-Si

-r:'*T * i m'\

V "'>'.; "<$.. r m- i The Combined BUSINESS COLLEGES

(L. D. S. AND SALT LAKE) MAIN ST.. SALT LAKE CITY.

Give the best courses In General Bookkeeping. Higher and Special Accounting

Shorthand. Typewriting, Telegraphy, Law, English, Civics, Mathematics. Pen Work

OflBce Work, etc. Hundreds of young men and women placed In good positions.

Work is plentiful. For more than a year past the demand for our graduates and

undergraduates has exceeded the supply. Enter at any time—winter or summer.

The business schools are departments of the Latterday Saints'University and all the subjects Scientific, Classical, Normal, Kindergarten, Mechanic Arts, Domestic

Science, etc.—are free to buslnes students. Write for catalogs. J. H. PAUL, Pres.

MISSIONARIES

write should to S People You the or call on m 9.SALT LAKE KNITTING WORKS i Like to Meet

for their HOSIERY. UNDERWEAR AND "GARMENTS"* AreSantafoundFe Route.on the Firstciassthrough trainstravel ofis theat-

l> tracted to first class roads. The Santa Fe

before leaving for k Route is a firstclass road. their fields of labor. \H It is one of the three LARGEST RAILr9999

\b In the world. Present WAY SYSTEMS

ib mileage, 7,7?4 miles.

0* It extends full line from Lake of to the Michigan aWe.have Or Pacific of Mexico, Ocean reach-

U ing hJILS ITS WITH Chicago. andOWNQulf HOSIERY, SHIRTS. NECKWEAR WHITE

City, Denver, Fort Of Kansas Worth, Galves- "a>ik cisco.ton, El Paso, Los Angeles, and San FranOar Specialty is KNiTTED "GARMENTS

\k It runs the finest and fastest transcon- in Cotton from them We have up. from 11.75 In Wool and $1.00 up OfOil linentalIts MEALtrain, SERVICE,the CALIFORNIAmanagedLIMITED.by Mr.

the in Fred Jb best the world. Harvey, 7IKIU PROT"! US. BV is Its ORDER rocl<-ballasted laid and TRAGIC mm steel with throughout heavy send ordering "Garments"your When Of road this, a such as On DISrails.LONG of chest length weight,height, measure and Hi are frequently shatTANCE RECORDS tosleeve Hit

latest tered, the feat that being of the iif Special,""Peacock Los to Angeles Chiin less hours. than 58 Salt liake Knitting Works, Him cago,Every2,265comfoitmiles and luxury desired by

SHUT UniCB CITV. UTRH. modernMay wetravelers.sell you a ticket over the Santa m Fe?

Hi JOSEPH R. SMITH, Mgr.

DIRECTOB8 iH Ot.. A., A. T. * S. P. RY. Joseph F. Smith. President. Hi W. J. BLAOK,

VicePresident. Hi Clawson, Rudger Hi TOPeKA, KAN9A3. Hull, Thomas

Joseph Nelson, Alvln F. Smith. (When writing to AdvertiBers,Hi\please mention the Bra.>

THE PRESTIGE OF AN OLD NAME sometimes causes imitation.

is only one TaylorRomney-ArmstrongCo., THERE

organized in 1869, and still doing business under the same name. Be sure you get the name right.

all kinds No need to tell you that we sell lumber of and everything else that is usually sold by a first class yard.

mill lots of it. Other We also do custom work—yes,

dealers who send us their mill work tell us they do so because the work is done better than elsewhere. No

Joubt that is the reason. Suppose you try it.

TftYLOHHOMjlEY-flHlUSTHOIlQGO,

South Temple and Second West.

SAVE YOUR MONEY, AND WHEN YOD GET A DOLLAR DEPOSIT IT WITH

ZION'S SAVINGS BANK & TRUST COHPANY.

4 Per Cent Interest Paid on $1. to $5,000.

\l/ OI=F=ICBRS.

Jo?eph F. Smith,

President Anthon H. Lund,

VicePresident George M. Cannon,

Cashier Lewis M. Cannon,

Asst. Cashier

DIRECTORS.

Joseph F. Smith

Anthon H. Lund

John R. Winder

T. G. Webber

James Jack John T. Caine

Angus M. Cannon

Francis M. Lyman

George Reynolds L. John Nuttall

Angus J. Cannon

A. O. Woodruflf

Hyrum M, Smith

-NO.ITWIILKIN SI REET. SKL.T LKKeCITY. UTKH

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Bra.)

Digitized by the Internet Arciiive in 2011 witii funding from Corporation of tiie Presiding Bisiiop, Tine Cliurcli of Jesus Ciirist of Latterday Saints

Iittp://www.arcliive.org/details/improvementera0901unse

ST. PAUL, BY THOEWALDSEN,

From the original in marble, in Our Lady's Church, Copenhagen.

Vol. IX. NOVEMBER, 1905. No. 1.

LIFE OF ST. PAUL FOR THE YOUNG,

BY GEORGE LUDINGTON WEED.

CHAPTER I.

BOYHOOD HOME IN TARSUS.

The Homes of Jesus and of Saul—Plain of Cilicia—River Cydnus—Tarsus—Roman

City—Saul a Roman Citizen—Civilized Nations—Jews—Gentiles—Greeks Romans—Augustus Caesar—Pagan Religion—"The Boy the Father of the

Man"—Saul's Parents and Sister—The Tribe of Benjamin—The Name Saul

—Language of Saul—Golden Texts—Sayings of Rabbis—Psalms—Old Testament Scriptures.

Palestine lies on the east of the Mediterranean sea. Northwest of it, bordering on the same sea, is Asia Minor. Two thousand years ago a division of Palestine was called Galilee; and a

division of Asia Minor, Cilicia. They were provinces of the Roman

Empire; by which we mean that their people had been conquered

and were governed by an emperor in the distant city of Rome. In

Galilee was the town of Nazareth; and in Cilicia, the town of Tarsus. In Nazareth lived the boy Jesus; and in Tarsus the boy Saul,

afterward known as Paul. Little did the people of Nazareth think

Copyright, 1899, Dy George W. Jacobs & Co., Philadelphia.

2 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

that the most marvelous being of our world lived among them; and

as little did the people of Tarsus think that young Saul was to be one of the most wonderful of men. In following Saul so far as we

can. from his childhood to his death, we must remember some

things about his country and home, the people among whom he lived, his education, and many other things which helped to make great apostle of Jesus Christ.him what he became—the

In Cilicia the Taurus mountains run parallel to the Mediterranean coast. Between the range and the sea is a fertile plain, whose

great heat in the summer drives most of the people to the cooler air of the mountain slopes. Many streams are formed or fed by

the melted snows. One of the largest is the Cydnus, a cold and

rapid stream, which dashes over the rocks, and winds among the valleys, and flows through the plain where palmtrees and beautiful gardens line its banks until it enters into the sea.

On this Cilician plain, near the Taurus mountains, on the

Cydnus river, twelve miles from its mouth, was the city of Tarsus.

It was a center of business, education, and political power. Vast

quantities of timber cut in the mountain forests were floated from it to the Mediterranean. Vessels brought to it treasures from

Europe. Riches from the regions around it vvere here gathered to

be sent to Greece and Italy. Its streets and markets and bazaars

were scenes of busy life. Varied kinds of dress and different languages showed that people of different nations lived within its

walls. It was a great contrast to the squalid Mohammedan city

of today.

Tarsus was the Roman capital of Cilicia. The people were

compelled to obey Roman laws and to aid in fighting the enemies of

Rome. Yet they were allowed to make some laws for themselves

and to choose some of their officers. So Tarsus was called a free

city.

Saul's father was probably a Roman citizen: so was he. This

gave him protection in times of trouble, as we shall see. When

Tarsus was no longer his home, he remembered it with interest and honest pride. He spoke of it as "no mean city."Ever since his

day its name has been linked with his.

If we would understand the life of Saul, we must remember some things about the nations that lived two thousand years ago.

LIFE OF ST. PAUL FOR THE YOUNG. 3

learning, refinement andOnly three of them were civilized—having

good government. They were the Jews, Greeks and Romans.

The Jews were the worshipers of the true God, having the

Old Testament Scriptures, which taught them about him and Jesus

Christ whom they called the Messiah. All other nations were Gentiles. They were Pagans—worshipers of false gods. Such were

the Greeks and Romans. The Greeks were noted for their learning—not the wise things taught in the Scriptures, but what they

learned without the Bible, much of which was contrary to its teachings. The Roman nation was noted for its vast dominion, its

power over other nations, and its great wealth. Augustus Caesar,

the greatest of the Roman emperors, ruled over a very large part of mankind. Rome, his capital, was full of riches obtained of the

nations he had conquered. It was adorned with magnificent temples

and palaces.

Though civilized nations have much that is good, they may have much that is evil. Wherever God is not worshiped and obeyed,

wickedness abounds. Mere learning will not make a people good,

nor will the power and riches of the mightiest kingdom. So it was

with the nations of Greece and Rome. Their Pagan religion was a

strange mixture of beliefs which did not help to make them better.

They gave to idols the reverence and worship which are due to

God alone. Jews, Greeks and Romans lived in Tarsus. Saul was

a Jewish boy in a heathen city.

We do not often think of him as a boy, but as a man or as * 'Paul the Aged. ''But those younger days were ever fresh in his

memory. After fifty years he recalled the time when he "was a

child, and spake as a child, and understood as a child, and thought as a child."

, "The childhood shows the man,

As morning shows the day."

When we remember that "the boy is the father of the man"will become what the boy was—we are interested—that the man

in the early life. It was the honest, diligent, faithful, studious

boy George Washington who became the great general and president. It was the boy Napoleon, interested in his toycannon, that

became the conqueror and emperor.

It is probable that Saul's father moved from Palestine to Tar- 4 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

sus where the future apostle was born. Some scholars place the

date of his birth before that of Christ, and some place it after. Of

Saul's mother we know nothing. We wish we did. We love to

think of the boy Samuel with his mother Hannah; and John—afterwith Eunice; andward the Baptist—with Elizabeth; and Timothy

Jesus with Mary. We know Saul had a sister, to whom we can believe he was a true and noble brother. We shall see how her son

cared for his uncle in a time of trouble in Jerusalem.

The Jews were divided into twelve tribes. One of these was

Benjamin. The first Jewish king was Saul—a favorite name by

which many a boy was called.* Little Saul of Tarsus was also of

the tribe of Benjamin, and perhaps was named after the king v/ho had lived eleven hundred years before him. Many names, espe-

''the desired, 'cially among the Jews, had a meaning. Saul means

or ''prayed for, "or ''asked of God. ''Perhaps he was the firstborn son in whom his parents so rejoiced that they gave him that

name.

Young Saul was taught to speak Hebrew, the language of the

Jews. It is almost certain that he also learned Greek which was

much used in Tarsus.

We know something of life in the Jewish homes, and so we can think of much that was done for Saul, and of what he did for himself. The first words which many a child in a Christian home

''Suffer littlenow learns before it can read, are those of Jesus, children to come unto me and forbid them not, for of such is the kingdom of heaven."But Jesus had not spoken these words when

Saul was a boy. His first golden text was probably one given by

God to Moses. It was this: "The Lord our God is one Lord. And

thou Shalt love the Lord thy God v/ith all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy might."The child was taught this text

before he was five years old. A Rabbi—a learned Jewish teacher

—who lived long ago said, "The boy of five years of age ought to

apply to the study of the Sacred Scriptures."Another Rabbi

said, ''When the boy begins to talk, his father ought to converse with him in the sacred language, and teach him the law."At that

early age his parents would also teach him a part of the one hunJews and Jewish, as here used, means Israel and Israelitish.—Editor Era.

LIFE OF ST. PAUL FOR THE YOUNG. 5

dred and thirteenth Psalm, giving him an idea of the greatness of

God who is worthy of the highest praise; and also a part of the

one hundred and eighteenth Psalm, especially its first and last verses whose words are the same, "Oh give thanks unto the Lord;

for he is good; because his mercy endureth forever,"

At five the boy himself began to read the Old Testament

Scriptures in Hebrew, the language in which they were written.

Saul also learned at some time to read a translation of them into the Greek language. When he became Paul the Apostle he wrote

to Timothy, "From a child thou hast known the Holy Scriptures."

The same might have been said to him. He became familiar with

the stories of Moses, and.Joseph, and Samuel and David. He had

not the aid of pictures that so interest the child of today, and helphim to understand the story. He read and heard of the Messiah

that was to come. There was no New Testament telling of the

angels, and the shepherds, and the Babe of Bethlehem; of the

wonderful Child in the Temple; of the miracles in Galilee and Jerusalem; of the death, resurrection and ascension of Jesus Christ.

These things happened during the life of Saul.

CHAPTER II.

SAUL THE SCHOOLBOY.

"A Vineyard"—"A Son of the Commandment"—Studies—The Messiah—The Land

of the Jews—Gentile Schools—School Friendships—Barnabas—Pharisees

Some Good Pharisees—.Jewish Boy in a Heathen City—Tentmaking—Trade

Proverbs—Saul's Trade—The Boy in the Home—Views from the Roof—Boy

Wanderings—Memory of Childhood Scenes—Games—In the Schoolroom.

'Vineyard, ''as the At six years of age a Jewish boy went to a

Jewish teachers called their schools, to be trained with more faithfulness than the most careful vine dresser bestows on the most precious clusters of his grapes.

At ten he began to learn the simpler of the Jewish laws, continuing studies of this kind until he was thirteen, when he was promoted and called a "Son of the Commandment."At fifteen he

was promoted again for harder study.

There were no school books. The pupils would listen to all

the teacher said, remember it and be able to tell it afterward. They

6 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

studied arithmetic, history of the Jewish nation, and natural history: but the chief study was the Scriptures, and the chief subject

was the Messiah. Young Saul, like other Jews, thought of Him

chiefly as a great earthly king who would come and drive the

Romans from Palestine, and reign there as Saul and David and

Solomon had done a thousand years before. He had no thought

that the Messiah had come to be a king of another kind, and was even then a boy in the land of the Jews. Through hundreds of

years it had been the'home of his ancestors. All through his early

life he was told of its beauties and wonderful history. He learned

of Jerusalem its holy city, and the Temple the holy house of God.

Visitors from there to his home would kindle the desire and inspire the hope that some day he would see them for himself.

Meanwhile he was a Jewish schoolboy. There were Gentile

schools, but his parents would not send him where so much of the teaching was false, and so many of the influences were for evil.

Friendships are often formed in school days that last through life; they are among the most precious. In some respects they

are unlike any others. Two boys in the same school, familiar with

the same surroundings, having the same studies and keeping up in them, then going to the same college or university to fit themselves for the same profession, and so having the same plans for life, helping and encouraging each other through all of their growing students have so much in common that their years—such

friendship grows stronger and stronger. It is often helpful in

later life, especially in times of trouble.

Such a friendship had Saul. Seventy miles from his home, on

the island of Cyprus, was a boy of kindred spirit and purposes, who was sent to Tarsus to be educated in a Jewish school. There he

would meet with Saul. Even when the two planned to be together

some day in the University of Jerusalem, they had no thought of the time when the one would be almost the only friend the other had in that city, or when for two years they would live together, or how they would travel and labor together for Him who was then a boy in Nazareth, of whom they knew not, but whom they would some day own as their Lord and Master. Saul's friend was named

Barnabas.

Some of the Jews were called Pharisees. They were very

LIFE OF ST. PAUL FOR THE YOUNG. 7

careful to do some things which God commanded by Moses. They

also taught the people to obey other laws which God had not given.

Some of these were very foolish and hard to obey. The Pharisees

pretended to be very good, better than other Jews. They sometimes made long prayers and gave money for the Temple and the

poor, not to please God, but to be seen of men who would call them good. They despised those who were not like themselves.

Their thoughts and feelings were often wrong even when they appeared to be doing right. They were proud, unjust, selfish, covetous, deceitful. Christ often reproved them for their sins. They

hated him, and some of them helped to put him to death.

Yet among the Pharisees were some good men. One is known

as Joseph of Arimathea; another was Nicodemus. Saul's grandfather was a Pharisee: so was his father, who perhaps was a good

man. He trained his son to be a little Pharisee who should be very

strict in obeying the two kinds of laws of which we have spoken those of God and those of men. The boy tried to be good, but not

always in the right way. He thought himself righteous, but found

at last that he was not so in the sight of God. He learned that if

he would do good, he must be good—loving God and obeying Him

because this is right. When we read his speeches and letters, we

shall see what he thought of himself as a little Pharisee.

When Jews moved from Palestine to other countries they worshiped God as they had done in their own country. They built

synagogues in which to do it. So in Tarsus there were Jewish

synagogues as well as Greek and Roman heathen temples. As Saul

noticed the difference in the faces, dress and language of the people of different nations, he would think much more of the greater difference between his religion and theirs. We think of him as a

worshiper of God in a heathen city. He was like the lilyof-thevalley, fragrant and white, growing among unpleasing and poisonous weeds.

On the Taurus mountains were raised great flocks of goats whose long, beautiful hair was used in the manufacture of various kinds of articles by many of the people of Tarsus. They braided it

into ropes, and weaved it into tentcovers, and into garments especially for sailors because of it being waterproof. Tentmaking was

an honorable trade, though the tentmaker was poorly paid. Saul's

8 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

father was such. He may have received money in other ways. We

shall find reason to believe that he was not very poor.

The father of every Jewish boy was taught by the Rabbis that it was his duty to teach his son a trade. This was wise, because

then the son could do something for a living, if, no longer supported by his father, he became poor. There was a Jewish proverb, * 'If a man does not teach his son a trade, he teaches him to

steal."Another proverb was, ''A man should not change his

trade, nor that of his father."

As we remember the young Jesus becoming a carpenter, we may think of Saul becoming a tentmaker, first watching his father's work, helping him as a boy could, and at last spinning, plaiting and weaving the goat's hair with those hands which he long after declared ministered to his necessities; helping him to obtain

the things he needed. For the last twentynine years of his life,

when not in prison or supported by Christians among whom he labored, he was Paul the Apostle and Paul the Tentmaker.

Remembering the things of which we have spoken, we can picture the boyhood of Saul in Tarsus. So far as we know, he was

the only, the beloved son, the joy of father, mother and sister. In

that Jewish home, his red cap, and loose jacket of white and blue, his sash of different colors, would tell of his belonging to the same race as that of the boy Jesus, dressed in the same way at the same time in the land of the Jews. In the great, crowded, idolatrous

capital of Cilicia, Saul increased in wisdom and stature as did

Jesus in the lonely town of Nazareth, hidden among the Galilean hills where the true God only was worshiped. From the flat roof

of his home, year after year, he gazed upon the Taurus range, stretching eastward and westward, whose loftiest peaks in the winter were white with snow on which the sun sparkled, and along which the shadows of the clouds played; but whose slopes in summer were clothed with a forest of green. The extended plain was

divided by the swiftly flowing Cydnus, bordered by lofty palms which stood like sentinels over the gardens that showed the richness of the soil. Sometimes Saul would climb the ragged slopes like the

mountain goats that gathered there; and follow the river, perhaps

bathing in the icy waters which almost cost Alexander his life. A

mile north of the city, he would visit the waterfall, especially when

LIFE OF ST. PAUL FOR THE YOUNG. 9

its grandeur was increased by the melting of the mountain snows.

At a later day we seem to hear him sing,

"Sweetly wild! sweetly wild!

Were the scenes that charmed me when a child.

rocks, with their tracery dark, Rocks—grey

Leaping rills, like the diamond spark,

Torrent voices thundering by.

"It was sweet to sit till sunset laid down

At the gate of the west his golden crown.

Sweetly wild! sweetly wild

Were the scenes that charm'd me when a child."

On the wharf he would watch the coming and going of the ships of different countries, to which he himself was to be carried through dangers and sufferings for Christ of which he then could not know; for it was

"He who should carr}- far and wide.

The banner of the Crucified."

Through all these boyhood years, we see him the earnest pupil, one of a circle of boys seated on the floor or ground, clad in their white cloaks, around the teacher of the grade he had reached. But

there was one thing he would have us notice most of all about ''his manner of life from his youth. ''To use his own words spoken

''I was a Pharisee. 'when he became a good man it was this,

Sometimes he would go to the g\Tnnasium and watch the young men running, leaping, boxing and wrestling, striving for the olive or laurel wreath with which the victor was crowned. When we

read his speeches and letters of many years after, we see how deep were the impressions these things made upon him.

CHAPTER III.

LEAVING HOME FOR JERUSALEM.

Four Universities—Plans for -Jerusalem—Farewell to Tarsus—Storm at Sea—Lebanon—Villages—Carrael—Nazareth—Ctesarea.

There is no doubt that Saul was a bright boy, a child of promise, a good scholar who might become a scribe able to teach the

Jewish law and traditions to the people. At that time there was a

10 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

great school called a university at Athens in Greece; another at

Alexandria in Egypt; and another at Tarsus in Cilicia. But in

none of them could Saul have the right kind of training for the work planned for him. He must go to a university in Jerusalem.

The time had come. His school days in Tarsus were ended. We

do not know exactly at what age this great change in his life was made. He must have been somewhere between ten and fourteen.

That decision to have him make his first visit to the Holy Land must have filled him with all the enthusiasm of his boy nature. He

would see the land of his fathers. He would visit the places of

Jewish history, and live among people of his own nation. He

would see the places whose names he had known with tender and increasing interest. Above all the Holy City and its Holy House

would become familiar to him as Tarsus and its humble synagogue.

Jerusalem was a home word to every Jew. In going thither,

though from his home, he felt that he was going homeward. Yet

on leaving such a home as we imagine his to have been, he must have had a mingled feeling of gladness and sadness. It was not

easy to break the ties of a place where a joyous boyhood had been spent. No one in Jerusalem could take the place of father, mother and sister still living in Tarsus. In the story of his life, we

shall find his heart very tender when parting with friends.

We may suppose Saul's father went with him to the land of his fathers. If he had gone from there to Tarsus, he would be glad

to revisit the scenes of his younger day. If, like his little son, he

was making his first visit, they would alike rejoice in seeing for themselves the places with whose names and history they had become familiar in their distant home.

The vessel sailed down the Cydnus, twelve miles to its mouth which widens into a lake or basin into the wider sea. We can imagine the young voyager taking a farewell look at the city of his

childhood. The familiar mountains fade from his view until only

the snowy tops are seen. Trees, gardens, flowers, towns, and at

last the shores of Cilicia disappear. He is upon the great sea, and

with boyish excitement feels the swell of its waters. The first

night is past, and for the first time he beholds the sun appearing to rise out of the waters, stretching as far as he can see in every direction with nothing else in sight but the sky, and the birds that

LIFE OF ST. PAUL FOR THE YOUNG. 11

have wandered far from their nests, and the fishes that leap for a moment above the waves.

Perhaps a storm arises and he understands as he never had before what he had learned in the synagogue: * They that go down

to the sea in ships, that do business in great waters; these see the

works of the Lord, and his wonders in the deep. For he commandeth, and raiseth the stormy wind, and lifteth up the waves

thereof. He maketh the storm a calm, so that the waves thereof

are still."

We cannot follow Saul on this his first voyage as certainly as we can on his future journeys: but, of what we know of that time,

and what nations were trading in the Mediterranean, and the ports for which they must have sailed, we can judge very nearly in what way he went.

His voyage was nearly ended. Suddenly their appeared in

the distance snowcovered peaks like those of the Taurus mountains. They were the heights of Lebanon.

A nearer view revealed terrace above terrace, on which stood the flat roofed villages, in the midst of plantations of sugar cane, and groves of mulberry, orange and lemon trees. The travelers

passed the bold mountain of Carmel where Elijah boldly showed the

God of the Jews to be the only living and true God. Twenty

miles from it, nestled among the hills of Nazareth, was the Son of

God, not yet revealed to the world.

Saul's voyage ended at Caesarea. Before him was the land

which the Lord told Moses beside the burning bush was "a good land, ''and told Ezekiel was ''the glory of all lands. ''Such every

Jew thought. So felt young Saul as he stepped from the vessel

and trod for the first time the country in which he was to live and labor, suffer and rejoice. At last from an eminence he gains

his first view of the Holy City; the temple with its glittering roof,

porticoes and columns; and the royal palace in which David and

Solomon once lived. He enters the city called ''the joy of the

is permitted towhole earth—the City of the Great King."He

say, ''My feet stand within thy gates, Jerusalem. ''How little

he knows of what the years will bring to him therein!

Fair boy! the wand'rings of thy way

It is not mine to trace, 12 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Through buoyant youth's exulting day,

Or manhood's bolder race.

What discipline thy heart may need.

What clouds may veil thy sun, The eye of God alone can read;

And let his will be done.

CHAPTER IV.

IN THE SCHOOL OF GAMALIEL.

of Hillel—Scripture Studies—Messiah—Savior—SimeonSynagogue Schools—School

the Great Rabbi—The Bright Pupil—School Work—Simeon's Son—Gamaliel,

—Barnabas and Saul—Saul and the Scriptures.

Jewish synagogues were often divided into two parts. One

was for prayer and preaching and other forms of worship; the

other part was for schools. In them learned men met to talk

together about religious things and to teach the young.

In Jerusalem there were two schools higher than any others, called colleges or universities. The most celebrated was the School

of Hillel, so named because founded by him, sixty years before

Christ. It was for young students who expected to become rabbis.

They were not only taught, but also encouraged to take part in discussions with each other, and with their teachers, ''both hearing them and asking them questions, "as we are told Jesus did in the school in the temple.

The scriptures they studied were especially the five books of

Moses, the Psalms, and the books of the prophets through whom

God told the people of things that would happen. He promised

that Christ, whom the Jews called the Messiah, should come to be the Savior of the world. So the Jews were watching for his coming,

but not in the way God intended. We know the Savior to be a

little child born in Bethlehem. There were a few people more

truly wise than the wdsest rabbis who were ready to believe that the child Jesus was the promised Messiah. One of these named

Simeon was probably a son of Hillel. He understood the scriptures

about the coming of Christ better than his father did. He lived

to be an old man waiting to see the promised One. God had told

him in some way that he should not die until that hour had come.

It did come when Joseph and Mary brought the infant Jesus into

LIFE OF ST. FAUL FOR THE YOUNG. 13

the temple. The old man, taking it up in his arms, ''blessed God

and said, Lord, now lettest thou thy servant depart in peace; for

mine eyes have seen thy salvation;"by which he meant the promised Messiah.

A very wise rabbi, a son, as is supposed, of Simeon, and so gransdon of Hillel, became president of the college in Jerusalem which his grandfather had founded. Simeon must have told him

of the infant Jesus in the temple and of how God had revealed to him that this was the Messiah for whom all were looking; but the

son probably thought it was an old man's fancy, and so did not believe the stor>. He trusted rather to his rabbiwisdom. This

was sad indeed, for if he had believed that Simeon had seen the

Lord's Christ, and taught his pupils that their Messiah had come, he might have saved many of them from becoming the enemies of

Jesus and plotters of his death.

He is described in Acts (5: 34) as "a Pharisee named Gamaliel, a doctor of the law had in reputation among all the people. '

Though a zealous Pharisee, blinded to the greatest truths, he was somewhat like Nicodemus and Joseph of Arimathea, who were better than he, because they became the friends of Jesus. Gamaliel

was "had in reputation"because he was wnse, candid, honest, upright, amiable, kind and charitable; and because he was the most

learned man of his day, and the most noted teacher the Jews ever ''Great Rabbi. ''Behad. Among them he is still knowTi as the

cause of his learning and character, he was so revered that he received the highest Jewish title, that of Rabban. He was one

of the only seven to whom it was ever given. He was also called

''The Beauty of the Law. ''We know not that any other had that

honorable name.

The most distinguished pupil of this most distinguished teacher was Saul of Tarsus, who came under his instruction when probably thirteen years of age, and remained with him many years. With

honest pride he said he was ''brought up at the feet of Gamaliel, 'by which he meant that he had long been taught by this great teacher. The words "at the feet of Gamaliel''remind us of the

position of the pupils as they encircled him. Gamaliel Aith his

long flowing robe of rabbi, surrounded by youths who expected to become rabbis, was a special object of interest in Jerusalem.

14 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

There was no other school like it: in teacher, pupils and studies it

was the best of all.

The course of study required the diligence and faithfulness of many years. Lessons in Hebrew and Greek and sometimes Latin

were given, but the chief subject was the Jewish Law written on scrolls daily unrolled before them. The pupils were trained to

commit large portions of scripture. The teacher explained the

commandments which the scripture taught; the traditions; the

promises made to the good; the meaning of ceremonies, of certain

things required in worship; the prophecies, or things that would

happen; and the types, or something to help to understand future

things.

As the teacher made these explanations, the bright boys would think of many things about which they asked questions, which the teacher was ever ready to answer. Much of the school

exercise was a kind of conversation between teacher and pupils.

In that group around Gamaliel were Barnabas and Saul, fellow-students in Tarsus, reunited in Jerusalem, in study, and in friendship which was yet longer to be continued, closer than ever before. We may think of Saul as the brighter pupil, and the favorite of his delighted teacher. We know what he thought about

the scriptures. In one of his letters he called them the "oracles

of God, ''and said that of all the good things that the Jews possessed these were the best. Beginning at five years of age, he had

his home and inmade the scriptures the great study of his life—in

the synagogue, in the school in Tarsus, in the college in Jerusalem, and wherever he lived. He began to commit passages at an

early age, when this is most easily done. He had a marvelous

memory, long remembering what he had learned. In his speeches

in later life, he quoted from memory, showing how familiar he had become with the word of God. Year after year while in the school

of Gamaliel he ''increased in wisdom and stature,"as did at the same time the boy in Nazareth whose wisdom was greater than that of Saul, he being taught, not by the wisest rabbi, but by his

Father, the Allwise God.

(to be continued.)

THE MORMON BOY AT COLLEGE.

BY OSBORNE WIDTSOE, PROFESSOR OF ENGLISH IN THE

LATTERDAY SAINTS UNIVERSITY.

Not more than a year ago, a young Latterday Saint teacher was visiting with a professor of an eastern university. * 'Is there,

in your 'Mormon'religion,"inquired the professor, "anything to satisfy the trained and educated mind of a man of culture? Or is

your religion, as claimed by many, narrowing and debasing?"

''Our religion, ''answered the young Latterday Saint with fervor, "is the most satisfying to soul and intellect of all the religious systems of the world. It is the most ennobling, the broadest, the soundest, the very best system of religion the world has

ever known; for it is the Christ's."

''And yet, ''objected the professor, ''is it not true that your boys who go East for a higher education lose their faith in 'Mormonism Cf )>> ''Well, it is true that many of our young men have become skeptical, and some have left the Church, ''admitted the teacher, "yet we have experienced no more such defection than have other churches. '

"I know, of course,"said the professor, "that all creeds suffer loss from the ranks of educated men. Our age is a critical

and skeptical one. But it seems to me that you, with your claims

with your pretensions to the true gospel of Christ and the perfect philosophy of religion—have no excuse to offer for fallersaway.

There should be no fallersaway. '

The young man was troubled. What answer could he give at

the moment to excuse apostasy among the educated? Does not

"Mormonism, "so called, include all truth? Is it not broad and

liberal? Does it not encourage its devotees to seek after learning:

16 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

from books and by experience? Does it not encourage critical investigation rather than frown upon it! Yet the objection seemed

so forcible that the young man came almost to believe that education is, after all, not a good thing, since it fosters skepticism.

But, again, it seemed to him that the fault was not with "Mormonism,"nor with education. The religion might, as claimed,

comprehend all the good and true in the world. In that case, the

fault must lie with the students themselves.

When a boy goes to college, he becomes associated with one of the classes of the institution. He is either a special student, a

freshman, a sophomore, a junior, a senior, or a graduate. Generally, he has the pleasure of going through all the stages, except

the first. He becomes intimately acquainted with scores of young

men, in his own class and out of it. These young men do not believe his religion; many of them have no religion; and many of

them have come to college to have a good time in the way of the world. With them the troubles of the young "Mormon"begin.

School has been in session not more than a week or two when the boy receives an invitation from the president of his class to attend an evening entertainment, in order to become acquainted with his classmates. He goes, and finds the fellows having in

general a "jolly good time."Most of them are smoking, and

drinking beer or other liquor. He is pressed to take pipe or a

cigar, and a drink; and if he is not very strong he takes both.

Perhaps he takes more than one cigar, and more than one drink.

Not long after this he is invited to attend a class "smoker."He

goes to it, and is pressed again to smoke and drink, and he learns that the class "smoker"will be a regular event in the course of the school year. But it is not the only means of social intercourse

with his classmates. Ere long, he is invited to a class "beer

night,"where he meets with the same temptations. Then he

joins a society for the advancement of the subject in which he is particularly interested. He attends the conferences of this society and hears learned lectures delivered, perhaps, between pufls

of smoke. After the lecture there is a general handshaking and a

drinking of liquor.

In the class rooms, too, the young man meets with many things that test his faith. All university courses aim at accurate

THE "MORMON"BOY AT COLLEGE. 17

scholarship. Original editions only are credited as perfectly authentic. Later editions, in which a word has been replaced or a

spelling changed, or even the punctuation amended, without due critical notice, are divested of authoritative value. Sources are

carefully sought and studied. It is determined with accurate

nicety just where any great man got his inspiration and information. Often he is deprived by critical review of any claim to

originality. The effect of such scholarly study is seen in the higher

criticism of the Bible. It is extreme, of course; yet it is of great

value, since it separates the true and authentic from the mythical.

Now, as the critical acumen of the young "Mormon"develops, he comes to know that, as yet, we have had but few real scholars among us. Further, he becomes convinced that some good men

have made serious mistakes. In the light of his acquired scholarship, he questions some matters of interpretation. His faith begins to falter.

But the temptations of smoke and drink for the sake of fellowship, or the difficulties developed by critical scholarship, are not the only obstacles that beset the road to perfect faith, nor are they the most insurmountable ones. Worse, perhaps, than these

is the insidious influence of some teachers. There are many professors who believe in no God, and hence, in no religion. Moreover, they look upon any religion as merely a form of superstition,

which holds the believer in chains of fear. These men speak of a

broader and freer life, without restraint, and of a fuller, brighter intellectual light. The youthful student, just coming into his

young manhood, resents the thought of fear and slavery. He is

fascinated by the subtle teaching of the broader and higher life.

falls. The hidden snare of the foemanHe wavers—and perhaps he

then holds him fast.

Now, our religion is so peculiar that any violation of its principles brings about immediate effects. It seems a small thing to

take a smoke or drink with a friend. The boy at college thinks

he can overcome the habit—if he forms it—when he leaves his

college friends. But, however good the boy's intentions for the

future may be, the habit of smoking and drinking remains incompatible with the spirit of the gospel. Persistence in the habit

weakens the boy's testimony; and in place of it, he comes to cher18 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

ish such questions as these: What becomes of the tithing, anyway?

is it notWhy have we any more authority than anyone else? Why

religion enough to be fair with your fellow men? From this condition he passes speedily to one of bitterness; and all because he

imagines that he must learn the wicked ways of the world in order to be esteemed by his classmates. In truth, he has less backbone

than many who have never been taught the perfect law of the gospel. Hundreds of young men at college neither smoke nor

drink. They attend, very often, the ''smokers"and "beernights,"and conferences, and all the other forms of entertainment;

but they stoutly refuse to form habits they have been taught to abhor.

Doubts that arise when the searchlight of modern criticism is turned upon our religion, are pe]haps pardonable; but they need

never be of long duration. In the course of our scriptural and religious interpretations, we have no doubt made mistakes; but they

have arisen from the conditions of the people. Poor, oppressed,

and untrained, they could do no better than they did; and they erred

much less often than even learned men who work without divine assistance. A broadminded scholar always makes allowance for

the opportunities and the environments of the people he is studying. The young ''Mormon"learns to do so, too, if he seeks honestly a constructive policy, and not a destructive one. However,

the critical attitude will perhaps never leave him; and many people

may think, therefore, that his testimony is weak. Yet, if he has

struggled and overcome, his testimony may be built more firmly on a sure foundation than that of his friends.

There is, then, no moral nor social excuse for violating principles of the gospel, and thereby losing faith. There is no excuse

for fallersaway, even if scholarly criticism be turned upon the gospel. Neither is there a reason why any man, learned or unlearned, trained or untrained, should allow himself to be lured

away from the truth by some other man. Those who are truly instructed in our religion know that we are free, that our social life

is pure, that our ideals are high, that the glory of God is our light. The boy who is influenced by the insidious remarks of others

is he who is not free. He has not manly strength to stand by his

convictions. If a student falters merely beause a teacher, who has

THE "MORMON"BOY AT COLLEGE. 19

not the courage to speak openly, slurs religion, or speaks slightingly of it, he is surely too weak to be of use in the kingdom of God or of man. And such a teacher should be rebuked by his

own pupils. Yet the influence is strong and widely felt, not only

in faraway schools, but in some that are built in our very midst.

Undoubtedly, then, it is not the fault of "Mormonism"that there are fallersaway; nor is it the fault of education. The

fault is with the apostates themselves. In this paper, I have

named only some of the temptations that a "Mormon"boy has to overcome at college. There are many things that will help to

build him up. There are religious and philanthropic societies of

many kinds; there are Bible classes and temperance clubs; and

there is the truth gleaned daily in his special study; but these

we have not space to discuss here. The temptations are, after

all, only those that exist at home. They, alone, should not deter

any parent from sending his son to a good school. The boy's best

is,preparation can be given him while he is at home—that

thorough instruction in the principles of the gospel; and the development of honest, manly strength to resist temptation. If our

boys were thus prepared, we should not be humiliated by having to confess that they lose their faith when they are educated.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

THE PRAYER.

{.For the Improvement Era.)

From home, one night, I roamed away.

The starlit dome o'erhead.

The vast domain Of mystic plain As silent as the dead.

The bright stars glowed with wondrous light,

The constellations vast Brought near to me The history Of all the mighty past.

20 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

I cast mine eyes toward the North,

To Orient my soul From Merak's light To Dubhe bright, From Dubhe to the Pole.

I turned and saw the Pleiades,

Alcyone's vast sway;

I watched Orion sweeping by.

And viewed the Milky Way.

And then I thought of God who rules

This universe so grand, And asked Him there To heed my prayer.

And lead me by his hand.

And then his Comforter was thrown,

A mantle o'er my soul;

And, peacefully, my destinyMoves onward to its goal.

Prayer, what mighty power is thine,

Supreme throughout the years To God's own heart Thou dost impart Our sorrows, hopes and fears Where'er the penitent may be.

Though lonely and alone, A tearful eye, or thought, or sigh,

God answers from his throne.

'J L. TOWNSENB

Payson, Utah.

THE COURTSHIP OF KANOSH.

A PIONEER INDIAN LOVE STORY.

BY SUSA YOUNG GATES.

The few tins and coppers in Mrs. Mary's pioneer log cabin

twinkled and flashed in the light of the blazing logs upon the great hearthstone, that chilly afternoon in September, 1848. Every

article in that meagerly furnished room was clean and free from a housekeeper's reproach. The white chief's wife had gone across

the fort with her baby, leaving the thirteenyear old Indian maiden,

Sally, in full possession of the cozy logcabin.

And lo, Sally had a lover! There he sat, on the door step, his

great blanket folded about his arms and muffling his chin; his neck

was sunk low in his drooping shoulders, and his attitude expressed either sadness or anger.

Sally paid no attention whatever to him. It was not that

Kanosh lacked in mgged Indian manliness and strength, nor was he without a certain dark beauty, the beauty of primal nature, full and free. For his limbs were carved in heroic mold, and his dark,

proud face was a model of Indian power and sagacity.

Kanosh had first seen Sally two months before, when he had visited the big white chief in company with Walker, Sowiette and a great band of Utah and Shoshone Indians.

The Indian chiefs had come in to the fort to learn what were the white men's intentions, and to make some sort of treaty for their own advantage, as well as to trade horses for food and firearms.

At the close of the long conference, in which Kanosh had ac22 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

cepted old Sowiette's position of conciliation, the chiefs had been invited to break bread with the white chief, their friend and brother.

On entering the large room of the central log cabin in the fort, Kanosh, a little in advance of the others, saw a maiden of his own blood assisting in the service of their dinner. Her long hair

still hung down her back, but it was neatly braided in two broad plaits, and although her plump form looked somewhat awkward in the "civilized"dress which replaced the Indian blanket, the dark eyes were very soft and bright, and the lips were full of love and laughter.

The girl saw Kanosh quite as soon as he saw her, but no answering flash sparkled in her brown eyes. Instead, she coolly

set the dish of meat she was carrying upon the table, and walked back to the inner room with a gesture that would have been a toss of the head in a white maiden.

Poor young chieftain! Although he tried to listen to the important discussions which his fellow chiefs were carrying on with

the white Father, through the interpreter—and although there was

very much that was novel and startling in this first civilized meal could not listen, he could not attend,of which he had partaken—he

he could not eat. Fate, the hag, had thrust out her timeworn

hand and had seized his quivering heart between her relentless fingers.

With true Indian directness, he had at once sought the white

Father, at the conclusion of the meal and its ceremonies, and had offered six ponies for Sally. He wanted her for his wife.

To his surprise and disgust, he was informed that Sally was not for sale. She formed one of the white chief's family, and as

such she should follow the custom of the white maidens and choose her own husband, when and how she would.

Ten ponies, a whole band of them, with a cherished Spanish saddle thrown in, failed to move the white Father.

Then Kanosh learned the pitiful story of Sally; how she was

one of a party of Bannock prisoners brought into the Valley eight months before by a roving band of Ute Indians. They had already

slain two little girls, and were about to kill Sally, when a white man bought her and took her home to his sister. After two days

trading and bantering, the Indians departed.

THE COURTSHIP OF KANOSH 23

Kanosh allowed his friends to leave for the mountains, but he could not get away from the laughing lips and brown eyes of Sally.

He sat now in the doorway, gloomily watching the girl as she stood ironing at the table. She saw and felt the eager affection in

her wild, untamed conquest, but with the capriciousness bom of youth and maidenhood, she would have none of it.

''If Laughing Lips will lay her hand in mine and go up into my wickiup in the hills, no hand will dare molest her, and she shall have a couch of skins, a full pouch of wild meat day by day, and her heart shall answer to her lips'laughter when her papooses come to lie in her arms, ''said Kanosh, as he lifted the comer of his blanket from his stem, painset lips.

Sally only laughed in reply. Why should she seek safety and

food when she had youth, plenty, and freedom, 'neath her white

Father's roof.

''My love is hot within me, ''cried he. And Sally, moved by

a rude instinct of mischief, ran to him, and, laying her flat iron lightly on the tips of the fingers which held his blanket, answered like that!"jeeringly, "It burns—it burns,

With a proud gesture, he seized her hand, with the flat iron in its clasp, and, turning its surface to his bare breast, he held it there with stoic calmness while it seared the flesh. Then, flinging

herhand away, he strode out into the twilight with stem anger.

Sally saw no more of Kanosh for a year. A busy year filled

with crowding history for both dark and white men.

Sally was not without ambitions. The association with the

nimblefingered white women, their intelligence and skill, had roused in her primitive breast a desire to do and be the same!

"What has come over Sally?"asked the white Father, one day

''She has not forgotten herwhen he saw her dressing for church.

love for colors, but she has actually taken to wearing a hat. And

her redstriped shawl is folded exactly like your own, my dear, in a threecornered piece, instead of being stretched straight around her."''I suppose she is becoming civilized. She certainly takes more

interest in housework than she used to take, and I believe she will really finish up by being a good cook. '

24 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

"Does she ever get homesick for the hills, do you think?"

"I am sure of it. Sometimes she has a fit of sulks for days

at a time; but I know it is only her natural craving for the life she

ance lived; so I try to be patient with her. Do you know, I really

think she is trying to catch a beau. She makes a painful if not

laughable effort to imitate the girls in their association with the young men."

"What nonsense, Mary! Don't put any such notion into Sally's head, nor allow it to stay if it is already there. Indian girls

are not proper wives for our young men."

"Why do you say that? Some of our brethren are quite pronounced in their teachings that that is the way that the Lamanites

will be redeemed and become a white and delightsome people."

"Men get foolish notions in their heads. Intermarriage is

never, and was never, a solution of race difficulties. Men as individuals may do as they please, but such doctrine and practice is

contrary to the principles of the Church. Let the Indians be civilized and educated, but don't try to mix oil and water."

In the spring of '49, the first Indian war had occurred in Utah

Valley. Sally heard that Kanosh was with the Indian warriors, although it had been reported to the white Father that Kanosh was

not in sympathy with Elk and Walker. But when the fighting occurred he had taken a brave if rash part therein.

Mrs. Mary rallied Sally a little, on her lover's desertion of his

suit, and his participation in the attack on Fort Utah. Sally replied, somewhat sulkily, "Me no care. He no beau to me. He

Indian!"The tone of contempt in which this last word was uttered by

Sally opened Mrs. Mary's eyes to some of the thoughts which lay in

the deep, dark pool of Sally's mind. But the thing she would have

given much to know was how far the unsettling conditions of civilization had warped Sally's primitive mind, and how lasting these impressions and impulses were.

The next news that reached Sally was in the early fall, at the close of the Utah county Indian war. It was to the eflect that

Kanosh had induced a number of his friends to make peace with tlie whites, and that he and they were now inmates of the southern fort, busily engaged in studying the arts of peace.

THE COURTSHIP OF KANOSH. 25

When Sally heard this she merely grunted.

In the two short years in the Valley, much had been accomplished. Mrs. Mary had had an adobe house built for her, outside

the fort, surrounded by a pole fence; a very comfortable vegetable

garden had been planted by her own and Sally's hands. There was

ample time, and a superabundance of vigorous, pioneer vitality vouchsafed these two in which to cultivate their garden plot, as well as to keep the small cabin in order.

The sound of hammer and saw sung out from the four corners of the compass; and teams and men rolled and hurried by as

the hum of civilization beat the desert air with strange sounds.

The Indian girl had found it hard to toil incessantly, very hard to be neat and orderly, and when the spring had reddened the tiny squawberries, and brought up the mellow sego lily bells from their winter's sleep, her whole being had cried out for the hills and the pungent smell of the sagebrush campfire. But where could she

go and what could she do? Her people, the Bannocks, were in the

icegirt valleys of the north, and the cruel Utes had slain her little not serve her the same, or even worse? Yetsister—would they

no, an Indian might kill, he rarely dishonored, a woman.

The spring rose up and kissed the burning summer's passionate lips, and the sego lilies died on the breast of spring, while the cottonwoods tossed their feathery spray on City Creek's face as the wind shook them in mild laughter.

Sally loved to go to the creek for water; and she always hurried away up to the mouth of the canyon, where she could pull off

her moccasins and dabble her tired feet in the cool, sparkling water. She was often scolded by Mrs. Mary, on her return, after

these loitering trips, but she only sulked silently for reply.

Once in the twilight, while sitting on a great rock and paddling her bare feet in the noisy stream, she was with her keen 'native instinct suddenly conscious that some one was near,

Sally made no quick movement; but, cautiously raising her

eyes, she saw a dark face in a clump of bushes across the brawling stream. She knew in a moment it was Walkara, or Walker,

the foe of her people, and the treacherous friend of the white man.

With a leap, she was on her feet, and, bounding, barefoot and without her precious sunbonnet, she flew toward her home.

26 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

She felt her pursuer behind her, but the noise of the stream drowned the sound of his steps.

With a gasp, she reached the fence of her own home, and waited not to reach the gate, but sprang over the low rails, and up to the house.

She knew she was safe then, for not even Walkara would follow her into Mrs. Mary's house. But Sally had learned her lesson.

She said nothing of her adventure, but after that, whenever she was sent to the creek for water, she unchained the great bulldog,

Jack, kept by the white Father, and took him along for her protection.

Two days later, while Sally was gone out on an errand, Mrs.

Mary was surprised to see Walkara stalk through her dooj, and demand biscuit. She went to the box, and quietly gave him two

of the three biscuits there.

Walkara harshly demanded more. She gave him the other

one; and still he demanded more. The white woman gravely told

him they were all gone.

With a wicked leer in his eyes, he raised his bow, and pointing an arrow at her heart, he said, "More!"

The terrified woman looked into his eye, and read there the hatred and murder which burned in the brain beyond.

A seft scratching, and a low whine at an inner door, quieted

Mrs. Mary's ears. Instantly remembering, she motioned, as if to answer his demand, and walked to the door of the woodshed beyond,

as if to get the food he required.

With a turn of her wrist, she pulled open the door, and hissed, ''Sic'himP'A bound, a flash of shining grey, a low growl, and Walkara found himself pinned to the floor by a grim vengeance, whose fangs met in his quivering thigh. With a shriek of agony, the

savage cowered to the earth.

The woman saw the dog trying to reach the wretch's throat;

without a moment's hesitation, and with the fine instinct f pure Christianity, she sprang to the assistance of her savage enemy.

Grasping the bow and arrows, she flung them on the bed, then,

THE COURTSHIP OF KANOSH. 21

with voice and hands, she called off her brute friend from her savage foe, and, at last, released him from certain death.

With heavenly forgiveness and pity, she seized the wash basin, poured hot water in it, and, with a soft cloth, she carefully bathed the wounded, naked thigh, and then applied some of the famous

Yankee sticking plaster, which always stood handy upon her chimney shelf.

Walkara, with what gratitude his sullen, murderous spirit would allow, departed from the cabin, minus his bow and arrows, a wiser if not a braver Indian.

As he stalked away, Sally stole out from the woodshed, where she had witnessed the most of the scene, and where some new lessons in life had been taught her. It was she who had untied Jack,

and she who had scratched lightly at the door.

Mrs. Mary was pale and weak, and her Indian maid shared

every throb of her own emotions.

"He bad Indian,"Sally muttered low. "All bad Indians!"

Mrs. Mary had no trouble after that in keeping Sally at

home; indeed the Indian girl could scarcely be persuaded to leave

the house, even for the briefest errand, except in company with some white man or woman.

The days sped by, and time and work helped both Sally and her mistress to forget most of their fears of Indians. But Sally

had no eyes nor thoughts for her own race, and scarcely for her own self. Her primitive mind was sorely troubled in trying to adjust itself to new conditions, new ideals. She vaguely felt, at

times, as if the elements of her mind were in a state of chaos and gloom which no future could pierce and no hope illumine.

There had been developed within her the instinct of rude affection and crude honor; the principle of virtue had been taught

her from her birth; but conceptions of a finer, more delicate, code

of morals than the rough foundation principles inherited from her progenitor, the proud Laman, only confused poor Sally, and made her doubtful of all men.

She found infinite comfort in listening to the profoundly simple tale of her own people's doings and misdoings, read to her by

Mrs. Mary, on quiet Sunday afternoons. And she labored hard to

grasp the meaning of the strange black lines and curves which spelled 28 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

out this wonderful story, on the printed page of the Book of Mormon. But her fear and dislike of her own race seemed rather to

increase than to abate.

Pretty, plump, little Mrs. Mary was surprised, one Saturday

afternoon, a few weeks after this, to see in the fading sunlight across her doorstep a tall, somber Indian, clad in rude buckskin breeches, with a very ugly, "civilized"cotton shirt surmounting it, with the tail of the garment flapping shamelessly, and in Indian fashion, about his loins. His face was washed clean of paint and

grease, and an old tattered hat was drawn over the head. It took

several glances to prove that this disfigured, grim travesty of civilization was the Indian chieftain who had hung about her home mourning after Sally, a year before.

Sally herself knew him the moment he appeared, and it was her loud laugh of derision and contempt which first gave Mrs. Mary

the clue to his identity.

Sally's own appearance was not without elements of absurdity. Her dark hair, once so natural and becoming in its free, flowing braids, now was pinned and twisted into a huge, unshapely

knot at the back of her head. Her dress, of checked red homespun, colored and spun by her own slow fingers, betrayed the natural shape of her wild body, in the ungraceful, tightlydrawn outlines. And the crocheted collar about her neck was too round and

deep for her full neck and shoulders, thus giving her a clumsy appearance. Sally was all unconscious of her own deficiencies, although keenly alive to the forlorn spectacle made by her whilom

lover.

After her long, scornful merriment, she turned her back on him, and would not again look at him.

Mrs. Mary found that Kanosh had picked up some English

words, and she managed to hold a somewhat extended broken conversation with the discomfited suitor. But Sally would not even

look around.

The slow, resentful mind of the Indian chief worked around gradually to the conviction that he was being scorned—nay, not

only scorned, but ridiculed—laughed at, and by a squaw. True,

it was the squaw he loved, but she was still a squaw. And the

man also recognized the subtle fact, that her scorn was not the

THE COURTSHIP OF KANOSH. 29

simple scorn of a coy Indian maiden; the laughter sprung from a

more complicated, deeper source; there was an undercurrent of

superiority of quasicivilization—insupposed superiority—the

Sally's laughter, that stung the proud man to the quick. For a

moment he hated her—hated his sweetheart.

He walked up close to her scornful back, and hissed in broken

English, "You laugh now. Next time I see you, you cry!"

But Sally laughed on, for she was safe in Mrs. Mary's home.

And the man strode out of the door, and turned his face southward. In the fall months, rumors of the depredations of Indians,

led by Elk and Walker, came thick and fast from Utah valley.

At last the white Chief was called upon to go south, quickly, that he might direct matters, now become so serious, among the white settlers gathered upon Provo river.

He asked his wife to go along, and gave his consent, reluctantly, however, for Sally to accompany them as cook and assistant. A large party of riflemen were to accompany them.

Sally herself feared to go, and feared to stay. But she went,

sulkily, it is true. Yet, as the swiftfooted mules drew them out

of the small new city, in the cool, dim, early morning dawn, she felt a new impulse stirring within her. It was the first time she

had been out of Great Salt Lake City since her capture, and she had never seen the southern valleys.

As they rode along the dusty road, the white Father explained to her many interesting facts of the scenes about them, of the truths in the book of her people's history, and of their future destiny. He was as a kind, greathearted father, who stood far above

her; but she could love him with a sort of childworship, and she

did. Sally said little, but that little showed her white guardian that

the poor maiden was not without noble impulses and some glimmer of mental awakening. But her bitterness towards her own

race, living in the vales of Utah, was a mystery to the white

Father.

Once,-when Sally asked to walk awhile up the steep, long slope leading to the Point of the mountain, Mrs. Mary took occasion to

tell her husband of the rude courtship of Kanosh, and referred to the fright both she and Sally had received from Walkara. But

even Mrs. Mary knew nothing of the incident up City Creek; nor

50 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

of the reason why Walkara had sought the white woman out to threaten her.

The beautiful view from the Point of the mountain enchanted

Mrs. Mary. And afterwards, the loveliness of Utah valley, which,

even then, with its many streams, its broad, gleaming lake, flanked by meadows and cottonwoods, was like a Titanjeweled landscape framed by circling mountains, threw the white woman into raptures. She begged her husband to halt, again and again, while

she feasted her eyes on the rare green of the meadows, the glistening blue of the lake, and the flamecolored mountains about them.

For the Indian summer was brooding over mountain and valley, filling all the gorges and canyons with purple and scarlet.

'Twas a strange experience for Sally! to have her inmost

emotions of vague delight dragged out of her quivering heart, and named and minutely described by the vivid imagination of the white woman beside her. Even the colors she loved so well were

classified and called, and she had scarcely before separated them in her own thoughts.

As they rode over the long bench across the valley, the white

Father told them about the long, beautiful canyon through which flows Prove river; and then, farther along, he pointed out Squaw

rock, on the frowning edge of the stony parapet, which guards the entrance to another smaller, blind canyon called Rock canyon.

And he told them the story, told by the Indians themselves, of the young Indian mother, captured in battle, who, with her babe slung on her back, fled up the long hill, pursued by a wicked chief who sought to dishonor her; and of how she reached, at last, the

asrie where the eagles mothered their young. Then, as her enemy's

head appeared above the bushes below, still in determined pursuit, she turned, and with an unearthly scream, which even now sometimes moans about the windswept crags, she dashed herself down the precipice, down, down, hundreds of feet in a single line, and was crushed to sudden, cruel death, on the sharp rocks below.

Sally shuddered, as she saw the jagged, gloomy outlines of that fateful crag, and listened in silence to Mrs. Mary's sad comments on the pitiful story.

There were some things Sally had learned to hate in her own life, and some things she had learned to appreciate in the new life

THE COURTSHIP OF KANOSH. 31

about her. She hated, with a woman's hatred, the strife and commotion of the Indian life, and she loved, with a woman's understanding, the comparative peace and safety of the white woman's

sheltered life. But Sally's altered tastes and ideals were somewhat beyond the scope of her own powers of thorough assimilation.

As the cavalcade drew near the fort, a delegation of settlers met the white Father and escorted him into the fort.

It was discovered in council that night that there was a very large band of Indians outside, led by Walkara, and bent on mischief, as many incidents proved. Sowiette and Kanosh were south,

and Walker and Elk were in full command.

The white Father cautioned the council to keep everybody inside the fort after sundown, and to keep plenty of scouts on the lookout. As ever, his efforts and counsel were for peace and conciliation, and he was very sorry to find Sowiette away on a southern hunting trip. That evening was a crisp, sparkling one, yet clouds hung in

the sky; and the great moon, coming up like a mammoth disc of

silver over the far off southeast mountains, even before the purple of the sunset had faded from Squaw's point; the beauty of that

scene led the feet of poor, restless Sally down from the fort and out into the fields beyond.

No one had thought to caution her, and, although she knew there was great danger, the terrible struggle going on in her mind between the past and the future, absorbed her every slow, sombre thought. She was only a few rods from the stockade gates, looking up through the yellow cottonwood leaves at the quiet, familiar

stars, picking out their worldold patterns on the blue background of the sky. There was a soft rustle in the brush at her feet, as if a snake

had stirred the leaves. Sally stooped to see what it was. In an

instant, a great blanket was thrown over her head, her call for help was stifled, and she was carried swiftly away in the cool darkness.

And then, a flight on a horse behind a warrior, around whose naked body her aching hands were tightly bound!

No need for a blanket now. Clouds, and the trees along the

path, hid everything from poor Sally's eyes. She longed, with a

dull throb, to know who this was, who thus dealt with her as her people sometimes did. Was it the brave who loved her, and at

whom she had laughed, or was it the savage enemy she hated and 32 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

feared, the one who had nearly slain a white woman in his spiteful revenge at her? She could not tell. She could only dimly, dumbly suffer and try to remember a prayer to the white Spirit she had

been taught by her white friend and mistress.

It was hours after when the Indian paused, and, untying her hands, lifted her to the ground. Not a word was said. But Sally

was led into a large wickeup, and almost thrown down on a couch of wild skins. The Indian girl knew the uselessness of either speech

or attempted flight. A small camp fire was soon lighted outside, and

Sally saw from her couch stealthy forms creeping about in the bushes. But she could get no glimpse of her captor's face.

Was it love, or a far meaner, deadlier passion, which had brought her here? For even an Indian woman learns the darkness

of the gulf between the two.

Terrified as she was, she was still weary—and very healthy!

She slept! The sun was streaming down the valley ramparts, but

had not yet reached Sally's retreat, when she awoke, sore with her flight, and still in mortal terror.

Her eyes at once caught the figure of an Indian, sitting at the wickeup door, his blanket drawn about his huge shoulders, for the cold canyon breeze swept through the hill's crevice like a knife. Sally was not a coward. She was a woman, and therefore

timid. But she could die, and without cringing!

She sprang up, and, as she ran to the opening in the skin tent, the man stood up, and dropped his blanket from his face.

It was Walkara! Cold, cruel, crafty Walkara! She recognized him with an inward groan of terror and hatred. But she

steeled her face into Indian stoicism, and looked him squarely in the eye. They were at the edge of Rock canyon, and right above her,

across the stream, looking down with frowning gloom, rose Squawrock, The wickeup was planted against a huge semicircle of a rock, and below them dashed a turbid mountain stream. Not a

foot of room lay between her and the stream below, and the rock frowned above her. She knew her helplessness and her danger.

Walkara came towards her, and, catching her hands in the ''You arevicelike clasp of his own, he grunted in his own tongue, my squaw now!"All the primeval instincts of her own Indian

training, all the new and fresh ideals, hovering like clouds above

THE COURTSHIP OF KANOSH. 33

the deeps of her nature, gathered in horror about her heart, at thought of her fate, 0, that she could reach the Squawrock above her, but the slope thereto was miles to the north.

The flaming glory of sumac and oak clothed the towering rocks which led straight up to the gleaming sky. The stream

would not drown her, the short fall from where she stood would only bruise her body.

With a wild, inarticulate cry, she struggled with her captor.

Up from the path below sounded a savage warwhoop, as if in response. She knew it was the friendly Shoshone call! She tried

to answer. But 3he was flung to the rocks, and lay stunned and

bleeding, while above her two savage men fought fiercely around her prostrate body.

As her senses came back, she crawled out of the way, and as she drew herself out of their range, she set up a shrill squaw cry for[help. This time a dozen men, painted braves of the Shoshones,

dashed up the narrow path, led by a huge chieftain, with a musket in his hand.

He soon parted the fighting furies, and flung Walkara aside, as if he were a rat. Then, telling them both to stand upon their

feet, he said, in his own tongue, "Why do you fight?"

Walkara pointed to Sally.

The chief frowned, and said, ''Why do you not come out in the valley, and fight with honor, as our people should?"

Kanosh folded his arms, and said sternly, "Walkara stole her from the white man who bought her with full ransom money. He

would steal his nest, like the cookoo. He is a coward."

Walkara plunged madly forward at the insulting words, and again Sowiette interposed.

"Who is she, and why does she wear the white squaw's dress?"

. Kanosh explained briefly; and then, adjusting his arrows and

bow, he turned as if to go down the path.

Sally looked at him, with terror in her eyes. He saw the

look, but could not guess as to its meaning.

Sowiette turned to Walkara, and said, ''Come down into the valley, and let this matter about the squaw be decided as is our custom."But Kanosh turned back, and said, harshly, "The maiden 34 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

belongs to the white Chief, and he has sworn she shall choose her own husband. We have no right to contend for her."

Walkara's lip curled in a vile sneer: "The great Shoshone has

learned to be a coward while he dwelt under the roof of the white man. He is afraid to fight in open warfare for the maiden he

loves."Flinging himself in front of Walkara, Kanosh cried, "Thou art a dog!"and, catching Walkara's tomahawk from his belt, he flung

it into the stream below.

Sowiette again separated the young braves, and contemptuously bade Walkara recover his tomahawk and follow the party.

Sally accompanied them with a heavy heart. The brave she

hated was determined to have her by fair means or foul. While

the man who had once loved her, and who had so recently saved her honor, and perhaps her life, lookedj upon her with scorn and contempt. Her white friends were far away, and unable to help

her in the crisis of her life.

Kanosh followed the party gloomily.

Arrived on the lowlands, the party soon formed themselves into two files, and, as was their custom, prepared to fight out their claims for the squaw to the death finish, if need be.

Kanosh stood aside, and would not join either side. He stood

with arms across his brawny breast, his tomahawk sleeping in his belt, his flashing eyes now somber and.maddened almost with anger

and grief. And his face was as the face of the dead.

Walkara seized the unwilling hand of the Indian girl, and began his slow, taunting march up and down the long, murmuring files of

Indian braves.

The mutterings grew louder and fiercer, the chanting higher and more piercing, when suddenly, a young brave stepped out of the line, and Walkara at once seized him and the fierce fight began. Sally's skirts flapped about her heels, and tangled around about

her, she was pushed and pounded and scratched by both warriors;

another, and still another assayed to oppose Walkara, but he fought like a raging demon, for he dared to do nothing else. He

was a bully—and therefore a coward. But he was determined to

have Sally, and he knew how to fight in savage fashion.

Sally was forced to the ground, and lay there half dead,

THE COURTSHIP OF KANOSH. 35

when Kanosh once more sprang to her help, and he, too, fought with almost superhuman strength.

It was a cruel sight. But to Sowiette it was simply a custom

among his people.

But when, at last, Kanosh dragged the fainting girl from under the senseless body of the brute, Walkara, whom he had felled to the earth, his own primitive ideals came up in revolt within his heart.

Sowiette helped him to lay the girl on a bear skin, and while the kindly old chief rubbed her wrists, Kanosh brought watexfrom the stream. "She is your squaw now, Kanosh,"said the old man,

"you have won her twice."

"I don't want her for myself. She laughs at me and mocks

my desire. She must be taken back to the white Chief, who

bought her with ransom money. He will be very angry with

Walkara for carrying her away. '

Without more words, except to charge Sowiette to convey the girl safely to the fort, Kanosh walked quickly away, and was soon lost to view.

Sally was back again, in safety, with Mrs. Mary, in the fort.

But not at peace.

The white Chief held a long conference with Sowiette and

Kanosh that day, and even Walker had been forced by the elder chief into the treaty of peace.

Sowiette and Kanosh lingered near the fort, after the other braves had left the council circle, and assured the white Father of their determination to hold Walker to the peace treaty.

It was twilight—and the shadows crept across the meadows,

and stole with long, soft, grey fingers up to the very tips of the sunpurpled mountains. The council had been held in a grove of

cottonwoods, on the river bottoms, and just outside the stockade.

Sowiette parted with Kanosh after the white men had gone into the Fort, and Kanosh plunged into the shadows of the river path to seek his own camp and wickiup, for his own band of Shoshones were awaiting the result of this council at the foot of the hills on the east.

As his foot pressed the soft yellow carpet of autumn leaves, 36 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

once and again, he thought he detected a footstep behind him. He

paused, but heard no sound. The steps so nearly matched his

own, that he decided he was mistaken. And yet with the unerring instinct and ear of the Indian, he was sure he was being followed. Yet, he was not afraid. If he had a foe, he was not

fearful, even with his back to him.

However, he silently drew his tomahawk, and resolved to face his enemy as soon as he should reach the open glade in the clear moonligHt beyond.

He stepped quickly, and soon the lighted space vv'as reached.

He made sure the steps were still following him, as he crossed the lighted space. Then, swinging suddenly, and silently, he faced his

pursuer.

It was a woman! Sally!

The glossy hair shone in even braids adown on either side of the dusky cheek, now flushing deeply red in the silver moonlight.

The brilliant shawl was taken from its prim, threecornered folds, and was fastened straight and long about the maiden's plump body.

It was held in place, however, with the gold brooch at her neck, and her ''civilized"skirt still covered her limbs. But the freedom of

shawl and flowing hair restored her wild comeliness, and the raised tomahawk in the chieftain's hand fell with a thud to the ground.

Again he folded his arms across his breast, and again his eyes were dark with pain.

The girl saw the look and gesture, and she bowed herself to the earth and murmured: "My chieftain!"

He trembled at the softness of the tones, but still he doubted. "I am your squaw!"she sighed.

"Na3% the white man bought you first."

The girl hesitated, then again she cried, "But the white Father said I should choose,"and her lips curved into smiles, half mocking, half alluring.

"I have chosen,"she said with a half pout.

He sprang to her and crushed her up against his beating breast as if he would defy life or death with her on his heart.

But she pushed him away with her frailer grasp, and he released her.

THE COURTSHIP OF KANOSH. 37

Then looking up into his softly gleaming eyes, she whispered, "Will you take me to the white Father and let him put his blessing over our heads before I become your squaw?"

He stood for a moment, uncertain of her meaning, for marriage to him meant only choice and capture; but as she explained,

he drew his arm around her, and bent his head above her with a protecting gesture. Yes, he would go.

Together they traversed the shadowy river path back to the fort. And as they walked, he said softly, "And you will come to

my wickiup in the southern hills?"

And she answered, "Will you not build me a white man's cabin of trees, and glass?"

And he half assented. For he, too, felt the stirrings of new

ideals. "And you shall have a couch of softest bearskin."

Then she told him of the wonderful little shining needle, and of all she had learned to fashion with its point. And she told him

of the changes she would make in their native life. Yet should

they live in the hills, and hear the running water pass their door.

Then, ''And your laughter shall be bound upon your heart when your papooses lie upon your breast. '

The quick words died upon her lips, at the rapture of the picture which he painted, and she faltered and would have stumbled, but that he caught her and bravely stilled her own and his tremblings.

The white Father was amazed to see them walk into his room, in the late evening, and to hear Sally's coy laughter as she tried to explain in broken English the reason for their being there. He had sent a searching party out for Sally as soon as she

was missed.

He was glad to marry them with due solemnity, for he felt

Kanosh would make Sally far happier than any white man could.

All that happened many years ago, but I knew Sally quite well, and who does not remember Kanosh?

I have visited Sally in her southern home, and her neat surroundings always testified to the training she had received in the white woman's house.

Not Sally, nor Kanosh, but their children and children's chil-

38 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

dren shall fulfill the prophecies of the wonderful Book which always lay upon Sally's table. How often in the twilight Sally would

stumble over the simple story told by the black lines and curves in the Book, and then both she and Kanosh would look out into the

West and wonder when the time should come for them to become a white and delightsome people.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

(end. )

PEACE.

"Oh! stretch thy reign, fair Peace, from shore to shore,

Till Conquest cease, and Slav'ry be no more."

The din of war has ceased Today the marshaling of arms Speaks not of deadly combat, But of quick return: each to his land

Wends his way to tell of dark scenes

That follow in the wake of war.

The cannon's roar is surely hushed;

The dove of Peace her pinions wide displays,

And speaks to man of higher aims

Than that of Conquest for itself.

An aureole of triumph decks the brow

Of those who wisely counseled Peace

A thousand blessings on the head of him*

Who interposed, and taught us all

That life has holier tasks than those

Of sword for sword! The world admires

And rests to see the Orient and the West

At peace, for there is room enough

And work enough for all In this fair world.

C. CuFT, in Cornwall Gatelte,

Lisbon, 8th September, 1905.

* President Roosevelt.

THE TRUTH SHALL MAKE YOU FREE.

BY ELDER WILLIAM HALLS.

"And ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free."—John 8:

It is the will of the Lord that his children be free; he has

given them their agency, the power to choose good or evil, without constraint; and made them accountable beings, that they may

be justly rewarded for doing good, or punished for doing evil; but

in order to be fully responsible for their acts, they must know how to act intelligently; the insane mother may kill her child; power

without knowledge is dangerous.

The Lord is often called Almighty, meaning he has all power.

If he had all power without intelligence to use it, he might destroy his children, instead of saving them. Men must be made acquainted with the law which they are required to obey; and be able to

forecast, in a degree, the consequences of obeying or disobeying the law; hence, the force of the sayings of Joseph Smith, "A man

cannot be saved in ignorance, ''''The glory of God is intelligence, or, in other words, light and truth."Doctrine and Covenants 93:

36. It is unreasonable that the Lord would create a beautiful

earth, and place his children upon it, and leave them in ignorance; we

may consider the relationship children sustain to their parents as similar to our relationship to our Father in heaven. Children are

continually asking questions, seeking truth from their parents; so,

we sTiould ask our Father in heaven for truth. Our children are

not easily put off, they are persistent; somen ought always to pray

and not faint. A child that does not ask questions is considered

unnatural, something is the matter with it; so, there is something

wrong with men who do not pray, they are without natural affec40 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

tion. It is as natural for men to pray as it is for children to ask

questions. Jesus said: 'If ye, being evil, give good gifts to your

children, how much more so will your heavenly Father give his

Holy Spirit to them that ask him?""If any of you lack wisdom,

let him ask of God."We should be like children in very deed, and

feel and act toward our Father in heaven as children feel and act towards their parents; it matters little if the mother smile or frown,

the child clings to her, he has no other dependence, he knows no other way, he has no idols. We should feel with Job: "Though he

slay me, yet will I trust in him. ''We have abundant evidence in

the sacred scriptures, which, through the grace of God, have come to us for our encouragement, profit and learning, that those who sought the Lord and were guided by the truth from heaven were free, while those who rejected the truth were brought into bondage and suffered for their disobedience.

After Adam was driven from Eden, the Lord did not forsake him and leave him in ignorance; he taught him by his own voice,

by the ministry of angels and by the inspiration of his Holy Spirit.

He revealed to him a knowledge of the coming of Christ to make an atonement for sin, and to redeem men from death, and of the principles of faith, repentance, baptism by water and the spirit, and the principle of sacrifice; and that he should do all things in the

name of Jesus Christ, "the only begotten of the Father which is full of grace and truth."Adam taught all these things to his

children; many believed, and many believed not, and the people became divided.

Those who believed, called upon God, and received a knowledge of the truth, were one people united, and enjoyed -continual freedom and peace, until, on account of the wickedness of the unbelievers, the Lord took them away without tasting death; those who

disbelieved and would not call upon God and receive a knowledge of the truth, scattered abroad and became divided into hostile peoples. Strife, woe and bloodshed followed, until, in the days of

Noah, they had become so wicked that the Lord destroyed them all by the flood. Noah, through knowing the truth, and through obedience

to it, was made free from destruction. The Lord, speaking to

Enoch about those who should be cut off by the flood, said: "A

prison have I prepared for them,"where they should be in bondage

THE TRUTH SHALL MAKE YOU FREE. 41

and torment until after the coming of Christ, when they should be ''being put to death in the flesh, 'visited. We read that Christ,

''disobedient inwent in the spirit and preached to those who were the days of Noah. '

One might suppose that, having suflfered for their disobedience, they might receive the Gospel, and, through the atonement of Christ, come forth in the resurrection and receive the same glory as Noah; but this is a mistake. Noah, having received the priesthood and the fulness of the Gospel in the flesh, is entitled to the

celestial glory, while those who rejected the Gospel in the flesh, forfeited their birthright, and will come up in the terrestrial glory where bounds are set, and certain limitations, by which they cannot pass. If by suffering a few thousand years, men might overcome the effects of rejecting the truth in the flesh, considered in

the light of eternity, it would be a light matter, but it is a fearful thing -to reject a prophet with a message from heaven, and the effects are eternal.

A remarkable instance of the power of truth to save is given in the case of the Israelites in Egypt, when, by accepting the truth as revealed by the Lord through Moses, concerning the destruction of the firstborn, and sprinkling their doorposts with the blood of a lamb, as they were commanded, all their firstborn were saved, while the firstborn of all the Egyptians, who were ignorant of this truth, were slain. At the time of the coming of Christ, the Jews

had been destitute of revelation from God for about four hundred years, the prophets and seers were covered, and, though they had the scriptures that told of the coming of Christ, and they were looking for a Messiah to come, when he came they knew him not, rejected him, crucified him, saying, ''Let his blood be on us and on our children. ''How terribly that prayer has been answered the

past history and the present condition of the Jews may tell. John

the Baptist knew the Messiah by a sign from heaven, and when he saw the spirit descending upon him, cried: "Behold the Lamb of

God that taketh away the sins of the world. ''When Peter, answering the Lord's question, said: "thou art the Christ, the son

of the living God, ''Jesus answered, ''flesh and blood hath not revealed this unto thee, but my Father which art in heaven; upon this

rock [this principle of revelation] I will build my church. ''Very

42 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

few received the testimony of Jesus in that generation, and after the [apostles and prophets were martyred, being without inspired leaders, the Church soon dwindled in darkness and apostasy. Passing down through the centuries of spiritual darkness to the beginning of the nineteenth century, when Joseph Smith was called of

God to open a new dispensation, we find Christianity in a most deplorable condition. Instead of one church, united in faith and

worship, receiving light and truth by continuous revelation from heaven, enjoying the gifts of prophecy and other spiritual manifestations of God's approval, we find many sects more or less antagonistic, having received no additional light and truth from heaven since that given in the first century. Instead of having

made advancement, compared with the condition of the church in the first century, they had actually lost all the spiritual gifts which the primitive Saints enjoyed.

In the scientific world, we find the scientist willing and eager to receive all truth that could be deduced from nature, but had no faith that any truth might be received by revelation from heaven.

The grim spectre of skepticism stood sentinel at the portal, and was the presiding genius in the council of science, and everything suspected of a taint of inspiration was rejected.

In the domain of philosophy, we find the whole system impregnated by a vascillating agnosticism. What is received as truth

today, may be rejected tomorrow as doubtful. But however much

they diifer in their interpretation of natural phenomena, the manifest forces of the physical universe, they agree that nothing can be received by mortal man by revelation from heaven. Thus, all

men, religious, scientific, and philosophic, have cut themselves off from communication with God.

We find many prophecies in the scriptures concerning the second coming of Christ; as he sent his messenger to prepare his way

before his first coming, so we are led to believe he will do before ''Behis second coming. In the third chapter of Malachi we read

hold, I will send my messenger, and he shall prepare the way before me;"the context of this passage shows that this means his

second coming. In the fourth chapter, we read of the day coming

when the proud and those who do wickedly shall be burned; and in

the last two verses we read: "Behold, I will send you Elijah the

THE TRUTH SHALL MAKE YOU FREE. 45

prophet before the coming of the great and dreadful day of the

Lord: and he shall turn the heart of the fathers to the children,

and the heart of the children to their fathers, lest I come and smite the earth with a curse. '

The question is, to whom shall Elijah come; to which of the

churches? He can not come to them all; if he should come to the

Catholic church, all the others would reject the message; if he should

come to the Methodist church, and they should announce to the world that they had received a mission from heaven, the Presbyterians, Baptists, and all ether churches, would denounce the Methodist church. Every person in the land would be keyed up to a fighting

pitch; the nation would be aroused; every senator and member of

the house of Congress, who belonged to the Methodist church would have to renounce the Elijah heresy, or be unseated; Methodist meetings would be disturbed; their ministers mobbed, and instead of the "Menace of 'Mormonism', "it would be the "Menace of

Methodism. '

But there is no danger of such a thing happening to the

Methodist, or any other church, since all would reject a prophet with a message from heaven. There is just one exception, namely, the

"Mormon"Church, whose members "Believe all that God has revealed, all that he does now reveal, and we believe that he will yet reveal many great and important things pertaining to the kingdom of

Article of faith. Here seems to be an opening forGod."—9th

him. Accordingly, Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery solemnly declare that on the third of April, 1836, the prophet Elijah appeared

to them, in the Temple at Kirtland, in fulfilment of the prophecy of Malachi, and committed to them the keys of Priesthood, to turn the hearts of the fathers to the children and the hearts of the children to their fathers, including the work of redemption for the dead. That the Saints believe this is true, is proved by the millions of dollars spent in building temples, and in work being done

in these temples, in behalf of the dead, and the living. Other

prophecies are to be fulfilled before his coming. The Lord said,

through the prophet Joel, "I will pour out my Spirit upon all flesh, your sons and your daughters shall prophesy, your old men shall dream dreams, and your young men see visions. ''Isaiah says,.

44 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

"The earth shall be full of the knowledge of God, as the waters cover the sea."

To fulfill these prophecies, it is evident the Lord must employsome other agencies than the socalled Christian churches. He

must have a Church that believes in visions and prophecy, on whom he can pour out his Spirit. Jesus promised the members of his

Church the Holy Ghost, the Spirit of truth, he said to them, "When he, the Spirit of truth, is come, he will guide you into all truth;"

"he will take of the things of the Father and reveal them unto you."

If the members of the Church of Christ are to have the Spirit that guides them into all truth, it will not be necessary for them to go outside the Church for any truth. A religion that comes from

heaven is a perfect system, and contains all truth. The terms

religious truth, scientific truth, etc., are erroneous and misleading. Truth can not be segregated; it is all related, and agrees

with itself. Light cleaveth to light, truth receiveth truth. The

talk of a conflict between religious truth and scientific truth is nonsense. Though the Gospel of Jesus Christ, the religion revealed

from heaven, is a perfect system, and contains all gospel truth, the members of the Church cannot receive all truth in a few years, any more than a child can receive enough knowledge to last him through youth and manhood to old age. But the Lord has promised to give

his children "line upon line, precept upon precept, here a little, and there a little."As the members multiply, and the Church

grows, and conditions change, the Lord will provide means to meet the needs of these conditions; and the member will not have to go

outside of the Church for anything, spiritual or temporal. All the

lay members being in possession of the Spirit of truth, as well as the ofiicers and leaders, a the Church spreads, so will light and truth spread, till the earth is full of the knowledge of God.

A man of affairs, in the business world today, who is a member of an orthodox church, feels the lack of his religion to meet his wants in full; the positive concerns of the real present press on

him much harder than the negative concerns of a possible future.

To meet these wants, he joins a social club, a secret or fraternal order, or a union of some kind, to eke out his religion. Frequently he finds his attention so absorbed, his time and means so occuTHE TRUTH SHALL MAKE YOU FREE. 45

pied, in these orders, that he neglects his duties in the church, and, finally, drifts away entirely.

You visit the rooms and lodges of these orders, and you find them crowded with live, active men, earnestly striving to promote their material interests, which these churches do not recognize.

Visit the churches, and, in too many cases, you find in attendance a few ladies, with, perchance, a very few superanuated old gentlemen, bowing their heads in listless reverence, while the good pastor drawls out a moral homily based on some Bible story, and containing no more inspiration than a recital from "Gulliver's

Travels. "It is significant that a few of the ministers are waking

up, and becoming conscious that the churches are losing ground, that they are inadequate to the needs of a growing age, and are casting about for a little new wine to put into the old bottles, or a strip of new cloth to splice out the old garment, even if they have to filch a little from the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Saints, being willing to pluck the fruit while they curse the tree.

We testify in all soberness that Joseph Smith was called of

God, a prophet, seer and revelator, and that the Church of Jesus

Christ of Latterday Saints is of God, organized to fulfill the predictions of the prophets, to prepare a people to meet the Bridegroom whose coming is drawing near, and we exhort all men to repent, call upon God, in humble prayer, and ask him in the name of Jesus Christ if these things are true. The promise of Jesus

shall be verified in your behalf, ''Ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free. '

Mancos. Colo.

A TRIP TO NAUVOO.

BY ELDER G. A. GAMBLE.

[At the general conference, President German E. Ellsworth, of the Northern

States Mission, in giving his report of the condition of his mission, referred to a recent meeting held in Nauvoo, at the invitation of friends of the Latterday Saints residing there. He gave a remarkable testimony of the manifestation of the spirit

of God among the people in that district, who, he said, treated the elders very kindly.

Elder Thomas Hull is in receipt of a letter, which he has handed to the editors of the Era, from Sister Mary E. Gamble, of Eirksville, Missouri, who was present

at the stated meeting. She says, under date of October 8: "We had the greatest pleasure of our lives when we were privileged last week to attend the Hlinois

conference which convened at Nauvoo, September 30. It was an inspiring occasion. We viewed many of the houses that were once occupied by the Saints, and

held a fast meeting in the Riverside Mansion, the old Nauvoo House spoken of in the Doctrine and Covenants, in which to entertain strangers, etc. The spirit of

the Lord was felt by everyone present, and many were moved to tears. The

place seemed almost holy to me. On the wall was a picture of the prophet, and

one of his mother. The people of Nauvoo were very kind to us, and said they

would like the Saints to come back and live there. One man offered to deed them

a pretty piece of ground if they would build a meetinghouse on it. We stood in

front of the Prophet Joseph's old residence and had a picture taken, and then sang, 'Praise to the Man Who Communed With Jehovah.'I tell you we made it

ring! There were about sixty elders present at the conference, and several Saints

from other places."

We take pleasure in presenting to the readers of the Era a description of the trip, written by Elder G. A. Gamble, giving further particulars of the noteworthy

and interesting event. Editors.]

In company with Mrs. Gamble, Sister Ammussen and her son

Joseph, I had the pleasure of attending the meeting of the Northern and the Southern IlUnois conferences, held at Nauvoo, III,

September 30, 1905.

It was a trip which I had long desired to make and, although

A TRIP TO NAUVOO. 47

our time was very much needed for our studies in school, we gladly arranged to go to this historic city, from which the Saints were driven some sixty years ago.

Most of the Saints and elders had headquarters at the Oriental

Hotel, and the meetings, with one exception, were held in the

City Hall, which stands on the east side of the Temple block. Three

meetings were held daily, and were well attended. On Sunday

morning, we held "fastday"meeting in the famous Riverside

Mansion House, and so great was the manifestation of the Spirit of the Lord that many of the Saints and elders were moved to tears.

Among those present was Elder Lorin Farr, aged eightysix, one of the pioneers who lived in Nauvoo at the time of the expulsion. He stopped in Chicago, on his way to the east from Utah,

and at the earnest solicitation of President German E. Ellsworth,

took advantage of the opportunity to visit the home of his boyhood, after an absence of sixtyone years. He bore a strong

testimony to the truthfulness of the gospel, and related many interesting incidents connected with the history of the Church. He

was personally acquainted with the Prophet Joseph Smith, having lived with him for several years, in the Mansion House, and he testified to the fact that Joseph Smith was a true Prophet of God.

He said that he was an honest man; that he was a pure man, in

every sense of the term, and that he had never met a man whom he thought more of than he did of the Prophet Joseph Smith. The

fact that sixtyone years after being driven from Nauvoo, Brother

Farr should be able to return and, in his eightyseventh year, to stand as a living monument to a righteous cause, was inspiring to the hearts of all the Latterday Saints present. "By their fruits

ye shall know them,"and by walking in the counsel of the Prophet of God, and other leaders of the Church, Elder Farr has been blessed of the Lord temporally and spiritually, and has also the honor of having one of the largest, if not the largest posterity of any man living in the United States.

During the time of the conference at Nauvoo, the Saints and elders visited the home of the Prophet, known as the Mansion, and at the invitation of the present incumbents, sang several songs of

Zion. No words can express the feeling of those who were per-

48 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

mitted to stand in the house, made sacred by the memories of theProphet who dwelt there up to the time of his martyrdom, and sing the old familiar song:

Praise to the man who communed with Jehovah

Jesus anointed that Prophet and Seer,

Blessed to open the last dispensation;

Kings shall extol him and nations revere.

Hail to the Prophet, ascended to heaven

Traitors and tyrants now fight him in vain;

Mingling with Gods, he can plan for his brethren';

Death cannot conquer the hero again.

Praise to his mem'ry, he died as a martyr!

Honored and blessed be his ever great name

Long shall his blood, which was shed by assassins,

Stain Illinois, while the earth lauds his fame.

Today the blood of the Prophet can be seen on the floor of the jail, and on the floor of the Hamilton house, where he and his brother were laid when murdered, as a literal fulfilment of the prophecy, in the above lines.

And the singing of these songs upon this occasion, and the preaching of the gospel of Christ, was not without effect, as three days later, October 3, Mr. and Mrs. Frank Grimes and their daughter Sylvia, who reside in the old Mansion, were baptized at the

foot of main street, opposite the Riverside Mansion. Eight elders

and a number of other witnesses were present.

During the conference President German E. Ellsworth, of the

Northern States mission, delivered several soulstirring exhortations, and his remarks were inspiring to the Saints and elders, and convincing to the audience which filled the large hall to its full capacity. So harmonious was the spirit, and so common were the

expressions of cheer and welcome from those not of the faith, that the congregation lingered long after the meeting was dismissed.

One man, an old citizen of Nauvoo, but not a member of the

Church, offered to donate a very desirable lot on which to erect a church house, if desired, and urged the Saints to come back to

Nauvoo.

As another striking proof of the power of the gospel. Sister Julia P. Ervin, of Carthage, 111., was present during the con-

A TRIP TO NAUVOO. 49

ference. She is a new convert, and has the distinction of living

within about seven blocks of the historic jail, in which the Prophet was murdered. During the famous "Smoot Investigation,"Sister

Ervin was induced to sign a petition favoring the unseating of

Senator Smoot, but she signed it like many other women, without investigating, but it was doubtless the means of causing her to investigate the gospel, and, when convinced of its truth, she accepted it in the face of great opposition.

While at Nauvoo, we had the pleasure of visiting the former homes of Presidents Brigham Young, John Taylor, Wilford Woodruff, Lorenzo Snow, and those of many others of the Saints who have figured conspicuously in the history of the Church. Although

the Saints were not permitted to dwell at Nauvoo, only about five years, entering the place when it was practically a wilderness, they had succeeded in building up comfortable homes, most of them occupying good brick houses which stand today in a splendid state of preservation, as witnesses to the energy and thrift of God's people.

In refutation of the oftrepeated falsehood that the people called "Mormons"did not labor for their own maintenance, they have proved to the world that they were able to stand alone, and without the sympathy of the outside world. Being driven out from

their comfortable homes, in the dead of winter, after entering the valley of the Great Salt Lake in a penniless condition, they have there built up a commonwealth which has astonished the world.

It is too late a day for people of the world to brand the

Saints with being ignorant, dishonest or immoral, and be believed.

It is too late for intelligent people to repeat the many false accusations which have been hurled at the Saints for the past seventyfive years, and refuted at all times when opportunity offered. Today, the most intelligent men and women of the world, regardless

of religious convictions, are ready to accord to the Saints equal rights to be heard; and thousands of people, both who live in Utah,

and who have visited Utah, speak in words of praise for the Latterday Saints. It is evident that a new era is dawning upon us, and

we bear our testimony to the truth of the gospel as it has been revealed in this the last dispensation. I know that Joseph Smith

is a Prophet of God, and all who seek earnestly for the truth will be given a like testimony and knowledge.

Kirksville, Mo., October 8, 1905.

TOPICS OF MOMENT.

BY DR. J. M. TANNER, SUPERINTENDENT OF CHURCH SCHOOLS.

The New Treaty.

On August 12, while the plenipotentiaries of Japan and

Russia were wrestling with the terms of peace for those two countries, the ministers of Japan and England were attaching their signatures to a new treaty of alliance that is hereafter to bring

Great Britain and her new ally into closer relation than ever. By

the terms of this new treaty, expressed in plain English, England agrees to support the Japanese in their dominant position in Corea and China, provided Japan will assist England in maintaining her present status in India. Of course, the attitude toward China,

which is an independent nation, must of necessity be one of equal rights, or the open door to the commerce of the world. These

two high contracting parties guarantee the integrity of the Chinese empire; that means that, hereafter, whatever concessions are

granted by China must first be submitted to the Japanese and the

British ministers at Pekin.

This treaty touches Russia and Germany in tender places.

Suppose Russia grows more determined to secure an outlet by sea, to the south of her vast empire, and seeks to establish harbors on the Persian Gulf. Over that body of water, Britain virtually proclaims the Monroe doctrine and would resist an effort of Russia to

secure a foothold there as a menace to her interests in India.

Would Japan help to fight Russia back, in such a dispute? Does

Japan also intend to assist India in maintaining the independence

TOPICS OF MOMENT. 51

and integrity of Afghanistan, a country in which Russia and England have been struggling for predominance, because of its position between the two as a buffer state?

In the great Shantung province, with its teeming millions of population, Germany is seeking predominance. Will Germany

henceforth be confined to her harbor rights of Kiauchau, or will she be permitted to exploit all of Shantung, to which this harbor belongs, and maintain whatever concessions she may receive from

China at the point of the sword? What is of still more vital importance, will Great Britain and Japan consent hereafter that

Germany force from China concessions which in their nature shall be exclusive?

This new treaty is really a notice, served on both Russia and

Germany, that any aggression or inroads toward India or China, by either of these great powers, will be resisted. The question

naturally arises, in view of this new alliance, will not Russia and

Germany be compelled to form some sort of an alliance as a counter march against Great Britain and Japan? The present difficulty

in the way of such an alliance is the hostility existing between

Germany and France. While the latter country is allied to Russia,

it is much more friendly toward Great Britain than toward Germany; however, friendships among nations are not what they used

to be, and hostilities now give way much more readily before national interests. Should any serious misunderstanding arise between France and Great Britain, it is easy to see how the former

may change her attitude in favor of Germany.

This new treaty between Great Britain and Japan shows the sagacity of British diplomacy. The English statesmen saw very

clearly that a guarantee by them to France of a free hand in Morocco would turn to excellent results in winning the friendship of

France, and minimizing the possibilities of any alliance between her and Germany.

This new treaty between Japan and Great Britain, is very different from the old. They agree to unite in waging war against

a single foe of either country. Under the old treaty, mutual interest at arms was guaranteed only in case either country was attacked by a twofold enemy. This new alliance will command

much more the respect of the world at large, because all the world 52 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

has been taught admiration, respect, and deference for Japan's newly acquired and preeminent prestige.

Enlarged Freedom in Russia.

During the year and a half in which Russia has been carrying on war in Manchuria, the Russian reform forces have been growing in strength, and little by little the autocratic government of the Czar has been giving concessions to their demands. Whether

these concessions, made in the interest of home government, will be withdrawn, or be permitted to go on to their logical conclusion, is a question that is now giving rise to endless speculation. The

Russian government has been so proverbial for its broken promises that the world at large does not seem to have much faith in the sincerity of its promises of reform. Whether the demands of the

Zemstvoists will continue to receive some measure of liberality, or whether they will be ignored, and drastic measures enforced to subdue further agitation for reform, and a parliamentary government, is a matter of vital interest in Russia today. A settled determination has evidently been awakened among very large numbers of Russian people to continue the agitation and demand for an

enlarged liberty.

In a short time an enormous army will be returning from the battle fields of Manchuria. They will bring with them memories

of their hardships brought about by the present incompetent autocratic government. Many of their heart burnings will find a vent

in their resentment against the present condition of affairs. Young

officers of intelligence will tell the story of Russia's misfortunes, which will be laid at the door of the present government. The

government of Russia, as well as the reformers, will await with anxiety the return of the army.

If military influence is thrown on the side of the present autocratic government, it is generally believed that all promises and pretenses will be thrown aside, and the reformers suppressed in short order. In Russia, therefore, the coming months will be a

time of great anxiety. Efforts will be made to enlist the soldiery

on the side of the reform. Propagandists for a new Russia will be

found throughout the army, but efforts will be made to suppress them, and it is easily seen that the present government may con-

TOPICS OF MOMENT. 5S

elude, if it feels that it can do so with safety, that it has some reason for denying the promises it has already made.

The governments of the Grand Dukes and other nobilities may think that concessions would mean disorder and revolution, and it is possible they may persuade the Czar that he is really moving toward his own downfall, and the overthrow of the Romanoff dynasty. For months to come, the eyes of all the world will be turned

in the direction of Russia's struggle for a parliamentary government.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

LOVE'S CARESS.

A goodby kiss is a little thing,

With your hand on the door to go,

But it takes the venom out of a sting

Of a thoughtless word or a cruel fling

That you made an hour ago.

A kiss of greeting is sweet and rare.

After the toil of day;

But it smoothes the furrows out of the care

And lines on the forehead you once called fair.

In the years that have flown away.

'Tis a little thing to say, "You are kind—

I love you, my dear,"each night;

But it sends a thrill through the heart, I find.

For love is tender, as love is blind,

As we climb life's rugged height.

We starve each other for love's caress.

We take but do not give It seems so easy some soul to bless,

But we dole love grudgingly, less and less,

Till 'tisibitter and hard to live.—Selected.

EDITOR'S TABLE.

A SPIRITUAL FEAST.

The semiannual conference of the Church of Jesus Christ of

Latterday Saints, which began on Friday, October 6, and closed

Sunday evening, 8th, will be remembered as one of the most interesting and remarkable gatherings of this most remarkable Church and people. The weather was unusually fine, and the attendance

was perhaps greater than at any other conference in the history of the Church. The great tabernacle was crowded on both Friday

and Saturday, but on Sunday it was impossible to gain admission even for standing room. An overflow meeting was, therefore, held

in the Assembly hall, and also in front of the Bureau of Information building. At these two meeting places many thousands

listened to the instructions of those who had been delegated to conduct the services.

The usual reports from the mission fields were exceptionally encouraging; and it was learned that there are more openings and

calls for missionaries in various parts of the world where the Gospel is being preached than could possibly be filled. Hundreds of

elders are needed in addition to the large corps already in the field.

Meetinghouses are being erected in many nations, and on the islands of the sea. There are unusual demands for books and other

Church literature. At home, in the stakes of Zion, the Saints are

prosperous in temporal affairs, and active in the cause of God, full of faith, and apparently unshaken by any evil reports directed against the authorities of the Church. They are trustful, and full

of confidence in the Lord and their leaders, determined to go on in the good work of the gospel, in spite of opposition, slander and

EDITOR'S TABLE. 55

misrepresentation. It was clearly manifest that the people agreed

with the speakers at the conference, who expressed themselves as perfectly satisfied with the man who had been chosen as the prophet of the Lord to lead the destinies of the Latterday Saints. All

the discourses were inspiring, and seemed to be received with pleasure and appreciation. The music was characterized by the

spirit of the gospel, being plain and from the heart. Two new

songs by Prof. Stephens were presented to gathered Israel; namely, "True to the Faith,"and ''One Hundred Years."These, with

other songs and music, rendered in a most excellent manner, gave additional zest and pleasure to the services.

But the crowning speech came as an inspiration from President Joseph F. Smith, just after he had announced the notices at

the last meeting, on Sunday afternoon, at about 4:15 o'clock. He

stated that he desired to say a word or two notwithstanding the lateness of the hour. As he began speaking, the effect was electrical.

As he proceeded one could have heard a whisper, as the great multitude bent to catch every word that he uttered. He turned to

Prof. Evan Stephens, whose new song, "One hundred Years,"had

just been sung by Elders Geo. D. Pyper, Horace S. Ensign, Lottie

Owen and Mabel Cooper, and whose "True to the Faith"had also been rendered that afternoon by the choir, and he fervently blessed

Elder Stephens, and the members of the choir; then he lifted up

his hands and blessed the multitude and all the Saints, their families and substance; turning to the grey veterans of the Church

who sat in the wings of the stand, he called on the Lord in the name of Jesus Christ, to give them cheer and blessing. He did

the same to the apostles and seventy and patriarchs, bearing testimony to their faithfulness, their worth, and virtue. Then, lifting

his hands to heaven, he earnestly prayed God to forgive those who sin against the Latterday Saints, and to grant them light to see the truth, and he prayed that God would have mercy upon those who knowingly and wilfully slander the Saints and the servants of

God.

While the speech was being delivered, the Spirit of the Lord touched the hearts of the people, and there was intense feeling, so much so that many quivered with emotion, and there was weep ing in all the building.

56 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

If there had been any doubt as to whether President Joseph

F. Smith had ever been inspired, it was dispelled at this moment

from the hearts of those who saw, heard, and experienced this wonderful inspiration and revelation; for it was an inspiration and

a revelation, such as many testified they had never before heard, seen, or felt in any of the gatherings of the Latterday Saints.

The apostles and seventy, sitting on the stand, and thousands in the vast congregation, could not restrain their tears, but freely wept, so deeply were they affected by the eloquent and inspiring words from the prophet's lips, as well as by the peaceful and heavenly influence and spirit which accompanied them. The outpouring of the divine power caused unspeakable peace to the souls

of all who heard, and there was a tranquil spirit, overwhelming, yet not agitating, which pervaded the whole congregation. It was,

indeed, a testimony to the people that President Joseph F. Smith

is the right man in the right place; that the Lord is with him, and

that he has the good will, affection, and support of the people over whom he presides by the will of the Lord. It was a further testimony that the Lord is pleased to accept the people, and to recognize his Church by the unmistakable manifestation of his Holy

Spirit.

PRESIDENT JOSEPH F. SMITH'S CONFERENCE

BENEDICTION.

I desire, very briefly, as the time is already spent, on behalf of myself and my counselors, and also on behalf of the Quorum of the Apostles, the Presiding Patriarch, the Presiding Bishopric, and others of the general authorities of the Church represented at this conference, to offer to you, ye men and women of Israel, our most sincere thanks and gratitude, both to you and to our Father in heaven, for your prompt, faithful, and numerous attendance at this conference, for the splendid spirit you have manifested, for the union that has characterized all our assemblies, for the love and goodwill shown by all who have met here in the name of the Lord;

and I say, in the name of the Lord, be ye blessed, in your basket

EDITOR'S TABLE. 57

and in your store, in your outgoing and in your incoming, in the labor of your hands and in the labor of your minds, and in your prayers and your devotion to the cause of Zion. May the Spirit

and power and light of the living God shine upon you, and move you to acts of righteousness, of truth, of union, of strength and of power in the Priesthood of God which you hold, and which blessings have been pronounced upon you in sacred places by those who liold the keys and authority to bless on earth and you will be blessed in heaven, to bind on earth and it will be bound in heaven, and to loose on earth and it will be loosed in heaven. God bless

you. These mighty men who sit before this stand, clothed with

power from Almighty God, they are not selfcalled. They have

not been chosen by man. They have not chosen themselves. But

they have been called by the power of the Almighty to stand in high places in the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, as

Presidents, as fathers to the people, as counselors, as judges, and as leaders, walking in the way that the people of God should follow them into all truth, and into the possession of greater light, greater power and wisdom and understanding. God bless you, my

brethren. And while you stand united, as you have stood iri the

past, and as you have manifested your union here during this conference, so God will magnify you before your flocks, and in the midst of your people, and will increase your power and your strength to do good and to accomplish his purposes, until you shall be satisfied with your labors and have exceeding great joy therein: and your people will rise up and call you blessed, they will

pray for you and sustain you by their faith and good works. Let

us go home strengthened, built up, encouraged, and more determined than ever before to serve God and him obey. No matter

what the world thinks or anybody says, let us do our duty: and in

the language of Joshua let us say, ''as for me and my house, we will serve God."Let this be the sentiment of every heart represented at this vast conference.

In behalf of you who are assembled here, my brethren and sisters, I desire to express thanks and gratitude to Evan Stephens gifted of God, talented in music, in poetry and in song,—a man

and above and beyond all that, a man gifted with humility, and is not only diligent with faith in the Gospel of Jesus Christ; who

58 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

is faithful in his in his labors here with this great choir, but who soul to the cause of Zion. He bears testimony to the truth in song

and praise. I want to say in behalf of this vast assembly, Brother

Evan Stephens, God bless you and keep you long in the service in which you are engaged for the people of God and for the cause of

Zion, and in behalf of this great choir. And then, in behalf of

this congregation, too, I extend our appreciation and our gratitude to Brother John J. McClellan, and his assistants. We thank

God that he has given us boys and girls, born and reared in our midst, that possess talent equal to that possessed by any men or women born in the world. We will not admit that they are second

to any. I thank God also, in your behalf, for this choir, who have

devoted hours, days, weeks and months, aye, and years, in the service of the people; who have won a name that is enviable, not

only among the Latterday Saints and the people of Utah, but a name that has extended beyond our borders to the uttermost parts of the earth. God bless you [speaking to the choir], you men and

boys of Israel and you daughters of Zion. Peace be unto you.

May your voices ever ring clear and true in the songs of praise and thanksgiving unto God for his mercies and kindnesses unto his people. The Lord preserve you. Be not discouraged easily.

Attend to your duty, follow your file leaders, be united, and seek to make melody in the worship of Almighny God, who has given to you your precious voices, and has put it into your hearts to labor in the capacity of a choir for the benefit of Zion. The Lord bless

you, and he will bless you; and in the name of Israel's God, as a

servant of the Lord, I bless you.

Again, in my own behalf and in behalf of my counselors,

President Winder and President Lund, I want to thank these my fellowservants in the Apostleship. They are true men. They

are honest men. They are God's servants, and I know it. I am

intimate with them, I live with them, I labor with them, and I know their hearts and their works. Their lives are open unto me and

unto the living God. They are true men, and I bless them. God

bless these my brethren. They are true to the Father, and I know

as long as they are true to him, they will be true to all the interests of his people, and true to his servants, and no power can turn them from God's cause.

EDITORS TABLE. 5

God bless and preserve my brother, the Presiding Patriarch of the Church. May the Lord lend unto him the enlightening invigorating power of the Holy Ghost, that in his administrations

as a Patriarch to the people he may speak the truth, and only the truth, and that his words may be words of soberness and knowledge, words of comfort and consolation to those on whom he lays his hands, that they may go away from his administration blessed in very deed.

I want to bless some of my veteran friends who are here. I

say, God bless you, brethren. You and I have grown gray in

the cause of Zion. You have ever been on the frontiers of danger, as protectors of the rights of the people and as protectors

of the servants of the Lord from those who would injure and do them harm. I say, God bless you, and he will bless you, and I

bless you in the name of Israel's God.

Let the Lord have mercy upon those that seek to hurt the cause of Zion. God, pity the misguided, the erring, the

foolish, the unwise. Put thy Spirit in their hearts, turn them

from the error of their ways and from their follies, and bring them back into the way of righteousness and into thy favor. I

lie about me and slanderask mercy for mine enemies—those that

me, and that speak all manner of evil against me falsely. In return, I beseech God my heavenly Father to have mercy upon them,

for those who do it not knowing what they are doing are only misguided, and those who are doing it with their eyes open certainly need, most of all, the mercy, compassion and pity of God.

May God pity them. May he have mercy upon them. I would

not harm a hair of their head, for all I am worth in the world.

I would not throw a block in their way to prosperity. No; and

I beseech my brethren that they keep hands off the enemies of our people and those who are paving their own road to destmction and will not repent, who are sinning with their eyes open, who know that they are transgressing the laws of God and villifying and lying against the servants of the Lord. Have mercy

upon them. Do not touch them, for that is just what they would

like. Let them alone. Let them go. Give them the liberty of

speech they want. Let them tell their own story, and write their

own doom. We can afford it. They do not hurt us, and if it

60 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

affords them any amusement, I am sure they are welcome to it.

I feel like blessing the quorums of the priesthood, every one of them, from the High Priests to the Deacons. I pray God, my

heavenly Father, to remember them in their organizations, to help them, that they may magnify the priesthood they hold and do the will of the Father; that the Seventies may be minute men, instant in season and out of season, ready and willing to respond to

the calls that are made upon them to go and preah the gospel to the world. Gather in from the Elders quorums those who have proved

themselves worthy and who have gained experience, and make

Seventies of them, so that the quorum of the Seventies may be replenished: and the aged ones, whose physical condition will not

permit them any longer to do missionary duty in the world, let them be ordained High Priests and Patriarchs, to bless the people and to minister at home. Gather in the strong, the vigorous, the

young, the ablebodied, who have the spirit of the gospel in their hearts, to fill up the ranks of the Seventies, that we may have ministers to preach the gospel to the world. They are needed.

We cannot now meet the demand.

I feel like blessing the auxiliary organizations, which are so powerful in wielding influences for good among the youth of Zion.

May the Lord bless them one and all, and make them to continue to be useful in their callings, that they may be able to magnify them in honor before God in all the world. Peace be unto those

that preside in all these organizations, that they may be equal to the duties that devolve upon them.

God bless you all. May peace abound with you. Let this

assembly of his people come up as a witness unto God and unto the world that "Mormonism"is a living, moving entity; that it

is not dead nor sleeping, but that it is alive and awake, growing and advancing in the land; and let the world know it. Amen.

VOLUME NINE, ERA.

In this number, we begin a continued narrative, including, ii, chronological order scenes and incidents in the life of St. Paul, and

EDITOR'S TABLE. 61

such of his simple teachings as will enable the young to understand something of the noble greatness of the man, and the value of the truths he taught, and for which he suffered and died. We have

frequently been implored to print in the pages of the Era more matter suitable for our younger readers. This "life"is especially

written for young people of twelve and fourteen years and upward, and we are confident that not only they will be thoroughly interested in the narrative as it will appear in the Era from month to month, but that many of our older readers will be delighted with it, so much so that they may even turn from tales of heroism, patriotism, and adventure, to enjoy this more fascinating life of the great apostle. It is such reading as the family circle on a winter's

evening will delight to hear, and parents who gather their children about them that they may listen to the story will be amply compensated. It is one of the many attractive features of volume

nine of the Era that should insure many subscribers for our magazine. Speak about it to your neighbor, and help us get another

subscriber.

Other special features for Volume IX, are as follows:

President Joseph F. Smith, the Senior Editor, will contribute

articles on topics of interest to the Saints and the young people.

No articles that have ever been published in a home magazine have been received with greater favor than the contributions of President Smith in the past volumes of the Era. He will continue for

Volume IX, and this feature alone is of great value and interest to both old and young.

Short Stories.—Offers to Writers.

For volume nine of the Era we expect several short stories.

The Era offers $25.00 for any story submitted to its editors during

the year beginning October, 1905, that will be deemed available by the editors for publication in the magazine.

Stories must contain no less than 2,000 words nor more than 7,000, and may be submitted at any time during the year, those not used to be returned at the close of October, 1906, and the available ones paid for at the time of publication. The right to

reject any stories submitted is reserved. Stories of true expe62 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

rience and adventure, inspiration, action and achievement, suitable for boys and young men, are preferred.

Memorial Number.

One hundred years ago, in December, the Prophet Joseph

Smith was born. The December Era will be devoted to his career

and character, and articles thereon are anticipated from Dr. John

A. Widtsoe, Bishop Orson F. Whitney, Dr. James E. Talmage,

Prof. J. H. Evans, Susa Young Gates, Prof. Willard Done, Historian Andrew Jenson and other writers. It is hoped to make the

tribute worthy of the man, and all the people will wish to secure the volume containing these valuable contributions on the great prophet of the latter days.

A University Scholarship.

To the young men between the ages of sixteen and twentytwo years inclusive, who are members of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association, for the best essay on '*The Internal Evidences of the Truth of the Book of Mormon, ''the General Board offers one year's scholarship in any one of these three educational institutions: The Latterday Saints'University, Salt Lake City; the

Brigham Young University, Provo; and the Brigham Young College,

Logan. The school to be chosen by the successful contestant.

The essay must consist of not less than two thousand nor more than four thousand words, or from five to ten pages of the

Improvement Era; must be typewritten; and must be in the hands

of the editor of the Improvement Era by April 1, 1906. The best

essay will be pubUshed in the ninth volume of the Era.

The essay will be judged on the following points: Originality,

logical arrangement in statement of subject matter and argument;

nd literary excellence. By originality is meant, that the work

must be rigidly the competitor's own effort.

The scholarship will consist of:

First, free transportation from his home to school and return,

Including a holiday trip home and return.

Second, free tuition, and books in school.

Third, free board and lodging, (ordinary student's fare) for forty weeks.

EDITORS TABLE. 63

Fourth, clothing, and a reasonable allowance for incidentals.

This liberal offer should create a decidedly interesting competition. We hope that every association will hold a competitive

trial among their membership, and forward the one best essay for the general competition.

Miscellaneous Subjects Already in Hand.

A large number of short essays on religious, historical, social, literary, and scientific themes will appear, all of which have been written by a variety of entertaining authors, old and new. Among

the titles, now on hand or promised, are many of excellent value and of attractive interest.

Doctrinal Subjects.

Doctrinal topics will receive due consideration, and our efforts will be extended to make the Era, as in the past, a leading doctrinal exponent of the Church for the missionary field, for the student, and the investigator.

The Era will appreciate prompt renewals by our old subscribers, and energetic action by all the officers in securing new subscriptions. On October 6, the First Ward, Rexburg, had already

of the populasecured 38 paid subscribers—more than 5 per cent

tion—a good example.

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS.

Convictions and Fines of the Raid."

What was the number of convictions for unlawful cohabitation and polygamy, in the socalled "raid"of the 80's, and what the fines imposed? Different writers

give different figures, and I should like an authentic statement.

This question was submitted to Assistant Church Historian, A.

Milton Musser, who replies as follows:

I am pleased to answer the question submitted to me, for I believe that the data asked for, which I take from the official records of the courts and prisons, will prove to be absorbingly interesting, more especially to the survivors and their descendants of the -late crusade.

The summary covers a total of 885 Utah cases, from Oct. 24,

64 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

1884, to Dec. 27, 1891, prosecuted by the respective administrations of Presidents Arthur, Cleveland, and Harrison. The recapitulation shows the number of persons prosecuted and what for; the

fines and costs imposed; the periods and years served, etc. It will

be seen that under President Arthur there were four prosecutions, under President Cleveland, 615, and under President Harrison 266.

Further details are as follows:

President Arthur, to March 4, 1885: For polygamy, 2; for unlawful cohabitation, 1; for contempt, female, 1; total 4; fines imposed, $1,050.

President Cleveland, to March 4, 1889: for unlawful cohabitation, 569; adultery, 23; for polygamy, 11; for contempt, females, 8, males 1; for bigamy, 1; for

bribery, 1, held as a witness, 1; total, 615; fines imposed $98,513.55; costs taxed,

estimated, $31,124.94, total, $129,638.49.

President Harrison, to Dec. 27, 1891: for unlawful cohabitation, 170; for

adultery, 89; for polygamy, 3; for fornication, 1; for alleged incest, 1; for alleged

perjury, 1; for contempt, male 1; total, 266; fines imposed $13,125; costs taxed,

estimated, $13,743.48; total, $26,868.48.

The amount of costs assessed was not entered on the record from which the foregoing data was taken, except in twentyfour cases. In these cases the aggregate costs amounted to $1,616.68, which, if divided by twentyfour would make

an average sum of $67.37 to the case. Under President Cleveland, costs were

taxed against 462 cases. Now if we adopt the above average as a basis, we have

a total of $31,124.94.

Under President Harrison, costs were taxed against 204 cases, which, if multiplied by $67.37, gives a total of $13,743.48.

Recapitulation and totals: for polygamy, 16; for bigamy, 1; for adultery,

112; for unlawful cohabitation, 740; for fornication, 1; for alleged incest, 1; for

bribery, 1; for alleged perjury, 1; for contempt, (9 females and 2 males) 11; held

as a witness, 1; total, 885. Total fines imposed, $112,688.55; total costs taxed,

estimated, $44,868.42, total, $157,556.97.

Total years served in the Utah penitentiary;

Under President Arthur: Total sentences covered, 7 years, 6 months, 1 day.

Under President Cleveland: Total sentences covered, 345 years, 8 months; add

time served for fines, 9 years, 6 months; total, 355 years, 2 months; less time on

segregations 7 years, 9. months; less time covered by pardons and commutations

(14 years, 2 months, and 12 days) equals 21 years, 11 months and 12 days, which taken from 355 years, 2 months, leaves 333 years, 2 months, and 18 days.

Under President Harrison: Total sentences covered, 136 years, 4 days. Add

time served for fines, 5 months; total 136 years, 5 months, and 4 days, less time

covered by pardons and commutations 8 years, 5 months, and 15 days; total 127

years, 11 months, and 19 days; grand total, 468 years, 8 months, and 8 days.

It will be seen that the aggregate imprisonments of the Utah convictions covered 468 years, 8 months, and 8 days, and the fines

EDITORS TABLE. 65

and costs amounted to $157,566.97. As a rule, the persons convicted were both progressive and representative, and if we credit

them with an average income from all sources of six dollars per diem, we have the sum of $1,026,480, and by adding the above sum, the total on these two counts alone will be $1,184,036.97.

Now if the estimated imprisonments imposed on the Idaho, Arizona, and other "Mormon"elders, since the organization of the Church, were added to the foregoing, the grand aggregate, as nearly as we can get at it, would sum total 520 years, or 189,800 days, over half a millennium!

Additional and incalculable sums should be included to cover the time spent during trials by those convicted and those discharged, and by the witnesses, also by those driven into exile, and the consequent losses in business and property from forced neglect and absence of personal supervision, expenses incurred in traveling long distances to and from the courts and prisons; by fines imposed

without imprisonments, by lawyers'fees, and in test cases before the superior courts, and by forfeitures, etc. To these may justly

be added the confiscations of Church property; the loss of the elective franchise, the numerous premature deaths from exposures and

severe raids made under cover of night, often by drunken and profane deputies, and spotters, and the attendant destitution and untold hardships entailed on and endured by thousands of innocent and helpless women and children which are impossible to estimate.

The foregoing, it may be stated, is a mere bagatelle of totals compared with the suflerings, hardships, losses, etc., incident to

the mobbings and persecutions imposed upon the Saints in the eastern states, whence they were exiled, and in their heartrending experiences during the exodus, nor can the showing be considered complete without we add the startling and tragic item of about 300 martyrs which the great Gospel campaign has harvested, which have been sacrificed on the altar of truth, for the testimony of

Jesus, since the organization of the Church, seventyfive years ago.

In conclusion, let me ask in all seriousness, what Latterday

Saint, with these and the cumulative evidences before him, can for a moment question the divinity of Joseph Smith's mission or the divine origin of the Church he organized so perfectly under the ira66 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

mediate supervision of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost? and especially when we also take into account the exceedingly healthy

and prosperous, spiritual and temporal condition of the Church and its devotees at this writing?

Respectfully, etc.,

A. Milton Musser.

NEW PUBLICATIONS.

The Reorganized Church vs. Salvation for the Dead,

Is the title of a 25 page tract by Elder Joseph F. Smith, Jr.

It is a conclusive argument showing that the ''Reorganite"church, as it is here called for the first time, is apostate from the doctrines and revelations of the Prophet Joseph Smith on the subject of baptism and salvation for the dead. It contains, also, an editorial on the subject from the Times and Seasons, by the Prophet

Joseph, and the Articles of Faith. Deseret News, or Bureau of Information. Salt Lake City. Price 30 cents per dozen, 2 copies,

5 cents.

Outlines of Mormon Philosophy,

A beautifully printed volume of 123 pages, setting forth some of the answers given by the gospel, as revealed through the

Prophet Joseph Smith, to the questions of life, and designed as a centenary souvenir, to commemorate the onehundredth anniversary of the Prophet's birth. The book is written by Lycurgus A.

Wilson, author of the Life of David W. Patten, and, as its title implies, touches briefly the outlines,- or high places, of "Mormon"

philosophy. Salt Lake City, price 75 cents.

NOTES.

He who sows courtesy reaps friendship, and he who plants kindness gathe love

Unless one can use his wisdom for the betterment of mankind it is selfish to be wise.

The disposition to give a cup of cold water to a disciple is a far nobler property than the finest intellect. Howell.

There is no beautifier of complexion, or form, or behavior, like the wish to scatter joy and not pain around us. Emerson.

The best capital for a boy is not money, but the love of work, simple tastes, and a heart loyal to his friends and God. American Boy.

One of the most unfortunate delusions that ever found its way into a youth's brain is that there is some force or power inside of himself that will, in some mysterious way, and with very little effort on his part, lift him into a position of comfort and luxury. I never knew any one who followed the ignis fatuus,—"luck,"

who did not follow it to his ruin. "Good luck"follows good sense, good judgment, good health, a gritty determination, a lofty ambition, and downright hard

work.

When you see horses in a race, you know perfectly well that the one in the lead is ahead because he has run faster than the others, and you would not have much sympathy for the horse behind if he should bemoan his fate and declare that the horse ahead had a snap When you see any one doing better than you are doing under similar circumstances, just say to yourself, ''There must be some reason for it. There is a secret

back of it, and I must find it out. ''Do not try to ease your conscience or lull

your ambition by pleading "hard luck"for yourself, or good fortune for another.

Napoleon said that ''God is always on the side of the strongest battalions. '

He is always on the side of the best prepared, the best trained, the most vigilant, the pluckiest and the most determined.

If we would examine the careers of most men who are called "lucky,"we should find that their success has its roots far back in the past, and has drawn its nourishment from many a battle in the struggle for supremacy over poverty and opposition. We should probably find that the "lucky"man is a closer thinker

than the ''unlucky''man; that he has a finer judgment, that he has more system

definitely and concisely, that he thinks moreand order;—that his brain acts more

logically, more vigorously, and that he is more practical. Life is not a game of

chance. The Creator did not put us where we would be the sport of circumstances,

to.be tossed about by a cruel fate, regardless of our own efl'orts.—0. S. Marden,

IN Success.

IN LIGHTER MOOD.

While King Alfonse of Spain was riding with President Loubet through the streets of Paris a bomb was thrown at him. Thereupon, says the New York

Times, the following discourse took place "Whom are they after?"queried the Spanish monarch.

And the president replied, in the choicest Parisian:

''After you, my dear Alfonse. '

A sense of humor and a delicate compliment was that of a Holton boy who was lying in a hospital. The pretty nurse overheard him exclaim, "Oh, my Lord!"

Wishing to rebuke him kindly, she came to his bedside and said: "I think that I

heard you call upon the name of the Lord. I am one of his daughters. Is there

anything I can do for you?"He looked up into her lovely face, and with every

mark of respect and admiration remarked, "Yes, ask him how he would like me for a sonin-law. "The Holton Record.

"What passed between yourself and the complainant?"inquired the magistrate in a county court. "I think, sor,"replied the worthy Mr. O'Brien, "a half

dozen bricks and a lump of pavingstone."In Irish Wit and Humor Mr. William

Harvey gives another anecdote of the Irishman's readiness in the court of law:

"Now, Pat,"said a magistrate to an old offender, "What brought you here again?""Two policemen, sor,"was the laconic reply.

"Drunk, I suppose?"queried the magistrate.

"Yes, sor, "said Pat, "both av thim.—Youth's Companion.

Bishop Doane of Albany was at one time rector of an Episcopal church in

Hartford, and the services at this church Mark Twain would occasionally attend.

Twain one Sunday played a joke upon the rector. "Dr. Doane,"he said, at the

end of the service, ''I enjoyed your sermon this morning. I welcomed it like an

old friend. I have, you know, a book at home containing every word of it. '

''You have not, ''said Dr. Doane. ''I have so, ''said the humorist. ''Well, send

the book to me. I'd like to see it.""I'll send it,"Twain replied. And he sent

next morning an unabridged dictionary to the rector. Hartford Post.

News comes from Southern Kansas that a boy climbed a cornstalk to see how the sky and clouds looked and that now the stalk is growing faster than the boy can climb down. The boy is clear out of sight. Three men have taken the contract for cutting down the stalk with axes to save the boy a horrible death by

starving, but the stalk grows so rapidly that they can't hit twice in the same place. The boy is living on green corn alone and has already throwm down over

four bushels of cobs. Even if the corn holds out there is still danger that the boy

will reach a height where he will be frozen to death. There is some talk of attempting his rescue with a balloon. Topeka Capital.

OUR WORK.

CLASS METHODS.

The following remarks, by Elder George H. Brimhall, on "Class Methods,"

was given at the conference of the Y. M. M. I. A. some four years ago, but have

not heretofore appeared in print. They are verj'appropriate for the class teachers

of today There are a few principles that we ought to have well fixed in our minds, in handling a class, and one of these ought to be the principle governing the relationship of the class leader to his class.

The value of a class leader is just equal to what he gets that class to do, over and above what they would do without him. The chief function of a teacher is to

cause the pupils to do that which they would not do without him; to cause them to

grow better than they would without him. He stands in the same relation to the

class as the farmer does to the farm. Pretty good fruit will grow wild. You can

get wild grain, and you can get wild fruit. You can get wild strawberries, but

they are generally scrubby, though rich in flavor. The man who cultivates, his

Avork is seen in the development of that which he cultivates.

The second consideration is to make yourself unnecessary to the class; that is,

to work them up to a point where each man can go on without you, so that when they have finished the course of study under a teacher they are able to get along without a teacher. Here is a professor, who has a large class, in engineering, in

the University. He is training his class so that they can go out in the field and do

engineering without the aid of a teacher. Of course, I do not want any man to

get so that he cannot be directed or advised by those who are placed over him.

There is another consideration that we ought to bear in mind, and that is this

Aimful activity, plus enjoyment of that activity, is heaven. It does not make any

difference how demonlike the activity may be, a person who is in the condition of aimful activity, plus the enjoyment of that activity, is in a sort of subjective heaven. It may be that it is not heaven, in relation to the universe; but it is

heaven to him. The gambling den is heaven to the gambler. [President Smith

here interjected the remark: "When he wins."] Yes, when he wins. My second

part of this consideration is, he does not enjoy the game when he is losing, and he is to be aimfuUy active and to enjoy the activity. Now, there is leech or bloodsucker heaven; there is hummingbird heaven; there is eagle heaven; and there is

70 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

heaven still higher than all that. But what we want to get at is to believe that

everybody is hunting heaven, hunting a state of enjoyment. Of course, all this

aimful activity, plus the enjoyment, may end in loss. While it is a little space of

; butwhat they call heaven, it will vanish away, and the other thing will follow

that makes no difference The young people are constructed in that way that what they enjoy they come back to, just the same as an eagle will fly to high air, or a pig will go to his wallow. The great aim is to get the boys to like the classwork.

I do not care how many times you may drive a man through the Manual, or push him through the Bible, or spear him through the Book of Mormon, if he goes through it like a galley slave, he will never go back to it again. The thing is to

make the work interesting, and to conform him to the good thing you want him to love. Then you are educating him; then your classwork is successful; then each

class exercise becomes heaven to the person who takes part. But if he does not

like it, he never gets into that subjective state.

Just like the little boy answers his father: the father says, "Will you go to

meeting?'"Yes; I'll go, if you want me to."

"Do you want to go?"

"No.""Why don't you want to go?"

Said the boy, ''Pa, I have two hard things to do: one of the hardest things is

to keep still, and the other one is to keep awake. I want to sleep, and I want to

wiggle, and I don't enjoy the meeting."

"What meeting do you like to go to?"

"Sunday school."

"Why do you like to go to Sunday school?"

"Because they don't do the same things so long."

That is natural. You cannot change child, nor for that matter, adult, nature.

We must conform our class methods to the nature of the persons that we are educating or teaching.

So I would say here, in our first equation; aimful activity plus the enjoyment

of that activity, equals heaven, subjectively; though it may be that that leads to

perdition and ends in defeat. But the thing to do is to make these activities in

the class exercise so aimful and so enjoyable that the young man will say, "I tell you, that is a fine time we have had during this exercise;"and he is just as sure

to come back as a needle is to head towards a piece of magnet. Why? Because

there is an affinity established between him and the exercise.

Here is another principle governing the human being: We grow in the direction of that which we do that we like. We grow in the direction of the things we

like, if we associate with them; and we do not grow in the direction of the things

we hate.

I would say, as the first suggestion: Make classwork enjoyable. You say

that is a general proposition. I shall follow that by another one. I believe with

Col. Francis W. Parker, who says, "That day that I pass in my classwork in

school that my students do not have a right good time, I have failed. '

OUR WORK. 71

Another little suggestion that I would mention here: Vary your methods.

Whenever interest begins to flag in your classes, vary your methods. I do not

think you have any machinelike methods to follow day after day. This varying is

based upon a principle of human nature. What will the railroad company do when

the interest in a resort begins to fail? What will the manipulator of an amusement hall do the minute interest begins to flag in his hall? He will scheme to

change his method of advertising, and his method of procedure at the entertainment. He does not stop and say he will not do anything more with it. He is

broke if he does. The same thing is true in regard to farming, or anything else.

If we cannot raise good grain, in the good old orthodox way, let us change our methods.

Another little principle I would suggest: Permit no habitual failures. You

cannot help but have failures, but permit no habitual failures. When you find a

student who is frequently saying that he is not prepared, and is failing in his studies, get right after him; don't let him get into that habit. This is based upon

an eternal principle governing the mind. An occasional failure, overcome,

strengthens the mind in the direction of that failure. The habitual failure weakens

the will, in the direction of that failure. That is just as certain as the law of

gravity.

Another suggestion: Make assignments definite. When you assign a part to

a man in a class, make it clear and definite. Be definite when you assign it.

Speak with clear enunciation. Show that there is an earnestness in the assignment. Then again, I believe I suggested last year that you have assignments accepted by the student. And it is improper to assign a lecture part to a boy who

is very timid and retiring. Assign men parts in the class according to their

special likes and ability. Give each one something that he can do easily. Some

will agree to come to Mutual, if you will not call on them. I would not call on

such until they were ready to be called upon. But I would not let them stay in

that condition. Some are so very timid, they do not like to raise their hands,

even to volunteer to answer a question. If you have such a one in your class,

after awhile talk with him privately, and ask him if he would not answer some easy question. He will likely consent. But be sure you ask him to do something

that he can do well. Then it is a good thing in your exercises to encourage the

boy when he does well. He will not think he has, perhaps; but, indirectly, refer

to some success that he has made.

If you have your class exercises in a place where it is convenient, put the lesson on a blackboard. Let the teacher make a map or diagram of the subject

right before us.

It is a bad thing for somebody to do all the talking in the class; bad thing for

the teacher to do all the talking, bad thing for the talkative fellows to take up too much time. Put on your blackboard the time to be used in connection with each

topic. I have found that to be a most excellent way in Mutual Improvement class

work. We have one association, in Provo, that conducts the exercises on that

basis. I saw an exercise, in a Sunday school at Ogden, that was carried through

that way, and I never saw anything more systematic.and gratifying than that.

72 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

One man went over his time in one of the Mutual Improvement exercises. What

did the president do? He had a pointer in his hand, and he simply raised it up to

tell him it was time to stop. In some instances, where it is very interesting, some

member may make a motion for the speaker to have five minutes more. Class

methods must of necessity be brought under some regulation. I may be deemed

radical in this matter; but when my class exercise is not interesting, I am tempted

to scold somebody in the class, while the fact of the matter is, the true teacher will look right at himself. It is his business to make the exercises interesting.

That is what he is there for.

Questions were then asked by different officers, and answered by Brother

Brimhall.

In answer to the question as to whether he intended to convey the idea that individuals should be assigned special topics, instead of preparing the whole lesson,

Brother Brimhall said that the whole lesson should be assigned to every member of the class, but special assignments may be made to individuals on special topics.

In answering another question, Brother Brimhall said: Be most interested in

the least interested. The boy who is the least interested, the instructor should be

the most interested in. Attend to the weedy comers of your farms, and the farms

will be all right.

OBSTACLES.

Elder George Albert Smith addressed the late Y. M. M. I. A. conference on

the subject of:

"Obstacles in the Way of Mutual Improvement: (a) In our Country Wards; Qa)

In our City Wards. '

Elder Smith among other things enumerated a number of obstacles, some being in the country wards: first, lack of interest in sacred things among the boys

many feeling it is not popular to be religious; second, the many chores required to

be done late in the evening; third, lack of reference books. In the city wards

first, many young men are engaged in business which ties them up until late in the evening; second, school work—many of our young men being students; third, the

constant round of amusements which attracts so many; fourth, the great amount

of light and trashy literature; fifth, lack of interest on acount of the multitude of

meetings. In a general way, obstacles were enumerated as follows: first, the indifference of parents to Mutual Improvement work; most of the obstacles would be

removed, if parents were converted; second, failure of regular attendance by

officers; third, unpunctuality, unsociability, of the officers; they should get down

among the boys and be on a level with them; fourth, lack of initiative on the part

of the officers. Officers should seek the inspiration of the Lord to inspire and

guide them in their work.,

Superintendent.John L. Herrick, of Weber stake, stated that one of the

OUR WORK. 73

greatest obstacles encountered in Improvement work in his stake, was that the officers are too much engaged in other auxiliary organizations.

Elder Holden, of Cache stake, stated that one of the greatest obstacles was failure to choose capable class leaders.

Elder D. H. Kimball, of Granite stake, suggested as a means of overcoming

some of the obstacles, the selection of a leader in social and athletic affairs, one that would attract the boys and lead out in those affairs and who was an enthusiastic Mutual Improvement man; also to get the parents to assist in all the social

affairs of the association, and thus get them interested.

Elder Randall L. Jones, of Parowan stake, stated that the chief obstacle they

had to contend with, was indifference, to overcome which, he suggested the emphasizing of social features, the establishing of libraries and reading rooms.

Elder T. J. Bennett, of Blackfoot stake, stated that great good had resulted

in his stake and many obstacles had been overcome, by changing the night of meeting from Tuesday to Sunday, and Brother Fletcher B. Hammond, of San -luan

stake, bore similar testimony.

SPLENDID ORGANIZATIONS.

On Tuesday, October 10, a large number of the Mutual Improvement Associations of the Church held their opening meetings for the season, and others followed, some days later, so that now the whole number (628) are in the midst of their busy work. In this connection we have to thank the Deseret News for the following kind notice which we heartily endorse, and commend to our membership, to the

stake and ward authorities, to fathers and mothers, and to the Saints generally:

The Mutual Improvement associations of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints have commenced their fall and winter work. Theirs is a great and

splendid cause in which to be engaged. They are organized for mutual benefit,

moral, intellectual and spiritual. They have not at present facilities for fashionable physical improvement, but most of them can find plenty of opportunities for

the development of muscle in useful channels, if not in those performances that come under the head of ''physical culture. ''There are ways and means by which

our young men may become sufficiently athletic for the affairs of life, both in amusements and vocations, which bring into play the forces and activities of growing manhood.

The societies that have been organized for the advancement of young men, and those for the young ladies, deserve the encouragement of the older members of our community. Their influence should be exerted to render these societies all that

they are intended to be. Our young people should be urged to attend the meetings that are held regularly and to take part in the exercises. Opportunities are

there afforded to bring out the latent abilities and talents of all the members, in all their variety and mutual interests.

These associations combine instruction and entertainment. Music, oratory,

dramatic talent, literary ability and devotional feeling and expression, are cultivated, moral precepts are presented, intellectual thought is developed, and spiritual doctrine is imparted, all tending to improve and advance the members and fit them

74 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

to become noble, useful, intelligent and devoted men and women, loyal citizens of their country, and faithful servants and handmaidens of the Most High.

The men and women who are engaged in promoting this great work among the youth of Zion deserve the highest praise for that which they have achieved, and the aid of the good and the wise in that which they expect to accomplish. They

are banded together in the service of the Lord and of humanity. They will have

joy in their labors and will reap a sure reward.

We congratulate the associations in the commencement of their work for 1905-6. They should profit by the past and prepare for the future. Every member should be willing to do something to enlighten, instruct or amuse his or her

associates, and the meetings appointed should be kept up with strict regularity, punctuality and hearty interest. We say, God bless them in their efforts to promote and develop all that is good and great in human character and bring mankind

nearer to the Divine.

ANNUAL FIELD DAY.

Those officers who were present at the Saturday afternoon conference meeting, June 10, will remember the reference made to the need and value of a ''fieldday,"in connection with our annual conferences, made by Elder B. S. Hinckley in

his remarks on ''M. I. A. Machinery. ''At the close of the discussion on the subject. Elder Benjamin Goddard offered the following resolution, which was unanimously adopted:

Resolved, That an annual Fieldday be arranged in connection with the General Conference of the Y. M. M. I. A.

At the meeting of the General Board, on Wednesday, October 18, the following general committee was named and sustained to carry the resolution into effect

Bryant S. Hinckley, Nephi L. Morris, Brigham F. Grant.

EVENTS AND COMMENTS.

BY EDWARD H. ANDERSON.

New SurveyorGeneral.—On Saturday, September 30, SurveyorGeneral

Edward H. Anderson was succeeded in oifice by Hon. Thomas Hull. During the incumbency of the former, from April 10, 1901, to date, 942 mining surveys were

ordered, embracing 2,373 locations. The cash received for this work aggregated

$61,479.

For the same period in the agricultural division of the office, fifty contracts for surveys were awarded, and 324 full and fractional townships were approved, including 5,569,531.11 acres of land. This included seventeen contracts in the

Uintah reservation, embracing 2,063,996.21 acres. This was in addition to the

nearly 400,000 acres which had been previously surveyed there, making the total number of acres within the reservation, not including the Fort Duchesne military reservation, 2, 424, 857. 32. The total number of acres of land now surveyed in the

State amounts to 22,555,433.86, the number on April 1, 1901, reaching only

16,985,002.75.

The salaries and contingent expenses of the office for the period named amounted to $132,508.77, of which $67,885.54 was for mineral work. This

amount did not include the payment of engineers, which was made directly by the department and amounted during the time named, for agricultural surveys, to $187,242.35. Neither did the sum include the pajonent of mineral engineers, this

being paid directly by claimants.

At present there are sixtyseven deputy surveyors. The number of clerks in

the office is twenty, the largest number employed at any time being thirtythree.

The statement shows a vast volume of work, and gives a good idea of what is being done in new mining ventures in the state. Before patent is issued, every

location for survey costs the claimant from $200 to $300, aside from the improvements.

state of Utah, municipal elections Utah Municipal Tickets.—Throughout the

will be held on Tuesday, November 7. -The Republicans, Democrats, Socialists,

and other parties generally, had their nominations before the public in the early part of October. The socalled "American"ticket, in Salt Lake City, is composed

entirely of non- "Mormons"and is nominated with a view to pushing "Mormons"entirely out of politics. Outside of that city, however, it is not conceded that

76 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

much showing will be made by this class of agitators; and even there, the more

conservative people of all classes will remain with their party tickets, or vote for their personal choice, so that it is doubtful whether the * 'knockers, ''as they are termed, will win any political place. Following are the party nominees in Salt

Lake City: Republican: Mayor, William J. Lynch. Auditor, Willis E. Vigus. Attorney,

W. R. Hutchinson. Recorder, Calvin S. Buckwalter. Treasurer, Walter J.

Beatie.

Democratic: Mayor, Richard P. Morris. Attorney, W. H. Bramel. Recorder,

John S. Critchlow. Treasurer, Joseph E. Caine.

American: Mayor, Ezra Thompson. Attorney, Ogden Hiles. Recorder,

John B. Moreton. Auditor, Rudolph Alff. Treasurer, Frank A. Swenson.

In Ogden City: Republican: Mayor, Rudolph Kuchler. Attorney, John E.

Bagley. Recorder, William J. Critchlow. Auditor, Mrs. Florence O'Neil Stanford. Treasurer, James E. Halverson. Municipal Judge, John D. Murphy.

Democratic: Mayor, Dr. E. M. Conroy. Auditor, Mrs. George F. Wade.

Attorney, John C. Davis. Recorder, Albertus Bragonje. Municipal Judge, T. D.

Johnson. City Treasurer, James H. Riley.

In Prove: Republican: Mayor, Joseph H. Frisby. Recorder, Wm. E. Harding. Marshal, Silas L. AUred. Attorney, Daniel H. Thomas. Justice, A. A.

Noon. Treasurer, Emma Simons.

Democratic: Mayor, Wm. M. Roylance. Recorder, George B. Peay.

Marshal, W. K. Henry. Attorney, Frank A. McGraw. Treasurer, Mrs. Amanda

Young. Justice of the Peace, M. M. Kellogg.

The State Fair.—At no recent exhibit has the Deseret Agricultural and

Mfg. Society, J. G. McDonald, president, scored a greater financial, as well as

artistic, success, than at the fair held during the first week of October, this year.

The large new building was opened, and it, with all the others, was full of creditable displays. The attendance counted above 50, 500, while the receipts were perhaps thirty per cent greater than last year. Many needed improvements are contemplated for next October, and the Portland exhibit and furniture will then be

added to the display, including the entire mineral exhibit, which will be a permanent feature of future fairs. The receipts total $5000 above the outlay, this year.

Pathfinders Guests of Senator Clark.—On October 9, the following

"Mormon"pathfinders, pioneers of the San Bernardino Trail, left Salt Lake for

Los Angeles, over the Salt Lake Route

W. C. A. Smoot, James A. Bean, A. H. Hale, Benjamin Cluff, W. W. CluflF,

S. L. Ensign, S. S. Worthington, Ruel Barrus, William Price Jones, James Oakley,

William C. Mitchell, William Robbins, Chartes Crismon, Alexander Gemmill, I. N.

Dunyon, George Speirs, A. Milton Musser, Elliott Wilder, George Harrison, Thomas

Dallin, Hop Pender, James Lawson, Nathan Tanner and Phil Margetts.

They were the guests of W. A. Clark, who had invited them to pass over his

road in Pullman cars, following nearly the same route which they traversed 58 and 50 years ago, when they blazed the trail from Salt Lake City to San Bernardino

EVENTS AND COMMENTS. 77

Los Angeles and San Pedro Harbor, as pioneers, enduring hardships and privations untold. The first company of eighteen or nineteen men under Horace K. Lathrop, 0. P. Rockwell, and E. K. Fuller, left Salt Lake about Nov. 16, 1847, for

California, to secure animals for the Utah settlers; as near as can be learned

these were the names Horace Lathrop, Elijah K. Fuller, William Peacock, Orrin P. Rockwell, Joseph

M. Davis, Eli Harvey Pierce, Thurston Larsen, James Hyrons, Jake Workman,

Jackson Workman, Jefferson Hunt, Gilbert Hunt, Peter Nease, James Shaw, John

Y. Greene, Elias F. Pearsons, William B. Cornogg and John Hunt.

The second company, consisting of thirty men, was called at the April conference, 1851, and was under the direction of Amasa M. Lyman. The object of the

going of this company was to establish a halfway station between Salt Lake and

Los Vegas, California, and to establish friendly relations with the Indians and people of the far West.

Union Depot for Salt Lake.—The Union Pacific stockholders elected their

directors on October 10, as follows: Oliver Ames, Boston; W. D. Cornish, New

York; Thomas T. Eckert, New York; Henry C. Frick, Pittsburg; E. H. Harriman,

Arden, N. Y.; Marvin Hughitt, Chicago; Otto H. Kahn, Morristown, N. J.; R. S.

Lovett, New York; Charles A. Peabody, New York; W. G. Rockefeller, New York;

Henry H. Rogers, New York; Jacob H. Schiff, New York; Joseph F. Smith, Salt

Lake; James Stillman, New York; P. A. Valentine, Chicago.

In this connection it was announced that the Harriman roads and the Salt

Lake Route will soon build a $600, 000 union Station in Salt Lake City, across the foot of South Temple, just west of 3rd west street, on the present site of the 0. S.

L. yards; also that a through Pullman train over the Union Pacific via Ogden and

Salt Lake will be put on between Chicago and Los Angeles. Large expenditures

for yard rearrangements, coaches, locomotives and steel rails will be made.

M. I. A. Lecture Bureau.—The first lecture of this season was delivered at

the Salt Lake Assembly Hall, on the evening of October 13, by Elbert Hubbard, he of the Philistine. It was on the ''Gospel of Work, ''and proved to be very intertaining, and full of thought expressed in catching epigrams. He believes in education, but it must be practical. Here are some of his sentiments

Some people can do everything but make a living. That man who is best educated is most useful, and the most useful man is the best educated.

The educated man, the really educated man, is the useful man. If he isn't

useful he isn't educated. I don't care if he is a college graduate. A college

doesn't supply an education: it simply affords opportunity.

A philosopher has said: "Take twelve men out of Harvard, the pick of the

whole faculty, and put them on a raft and they will all drown. They can't handle

it. They only understand the theory of rafts at Harvard.

One of the professors at Harvard had a fine Jersey cow presented to him by some admiring friends. She was sent by express. When she arrived he was asked

if he could milk her. He replied, "No, but I'm reading up on it."And it transpired that he was reading Herschel on the Milky Way.

If you ever get to heaven and sit down to rest and take it easy all the time,

78 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

what will you find? I'll tell you what you'll find. You'll find it hell! That's what

you'll find.

Heaven is a place of progression. It is a place of work. If it isn't I don't

want to be there. It is a place where they do things.

Among others announced to lecture this season, are President David Starr

Jordan of Stanford University, Jerome K. Jerome, Mrs. Bertha Kunz Baker, Opie

Bead, and Edmond Vance Cooke.

Utah and the Portland Fair.On October 15, the Lewis and Clark Exposition closed. President Goode has made public the statement that stockholders

will receive a dividend of from 30 to 40 per cent of their stock, from which one must conclude that the fair was a pronounced financial success. It was a success,

besides, from all other standpoints, for of the hundreds of thousands of strangerg who came to see, many invested in various lines of endeavor, while nearly all the western states including Utah, felt the stimulus and the advantage of the Western travel. About two and onehalf millions of people passed through the gates. Utah

is among the states which were at the front, at the great exposition, as the awards granted for her mineral display, her products and industries, testify. In educational matters, Utah stands high on the list, as witness the following awards

Gold medals for the state as a whole; school for the Deaf, Dumb and Blind,

on cabinet and contents and live exhibit; University of Utah, on entire display;

Agricultural college, on manual training work in wood and iron; sewing and cooking, and as a whole; kindergarten training school as a whole, Salt Lake City; elementary education, Ogden; Elementary and commercial department, silver medals

Logan Latterday Saints Church school and Presb3i;erian academies; Brigham Young

College and Latterday Saints university; Brigham Young University; Park City,

Provo, and Normal training school; University of Utah. On unified course of

study, bronze medals: Snow academy, Weber Stake academy, Cache county. Salt

Lake county, Davis county, Utah county, Weber county, and Eureka. Honorable

mention: Indian Industrial school, Ephraim; Rowland Hall, Boxelder county, Kate

B. Anderson's notaphone.

Prof. L. A. Ostein, in charge of Utah's educational exhibit, said to State

Supt. Nelson: ''I have the honor to inform you that the State of Utah has received

eight gold medals (highest award), nine silver medals, eight bronze medals, and honorable mention in five other cases. We have fared well in competition with

other states. The three state schools, Ogden and Salt Lake 'drew'gold medals. '

Hon. Spencer Clawson and associates are entitled to the thanks of the people,

for the able and economical administration of the State's interests at the Lewis and Clark Exposition.

Died.—September: Wednesday, 6th, in Beaver, Mary A. B. Parkinson, a pioneer of Beaver, born in 1826, in Kent, England.—In Grantsville, Wednesday, 6th,

Wilford Hudson, a veteran of the Mormon Battalion, born in Harrison county, Ind.,

Sept. 19, 1818.—Friday, 8th, in Pleasant Grove, Mrs. Celia H. Griggs, a veteran

of Missouri and Nauvoo, born Oct. 29, 1819.—Tuesday, 12th, in Sanpete county,

Mary T. Beal, a pioneer of southern Utah, born May 27, 1827, in Nottingham,

England.—In Lehi, Friday, 15th, Hans Hammer, one of the oldest residents of that

place.—Saturday, 16th, in Teton, James Gardner, who crossed the plains by Handcart, in 1856.—In Juarez, Mexico, Sept. 21, Joseph C. Davis, a veteran of the

EVENTS AND COMMENTS. 79

Church and pioneer of Southern Utah.—Tuesday, 26th, in Bountiful, Patriarch

Joseph Argyle, bom in Market Bosworth, Leicestershire, Sept. 18, 1818.—In West

.Jordan, 26th, Catherine Phillips Smith, a widow and plural wife of Patriarch Hyrum Smith, born Aug. 1, 1819.—Saturday, 30th, in Layton, Arizona, Wm. J.

Packer, a High Priest in the St. Joseph Stake, and an active Church worker, born

Salt Lake, Utah, October 26, 1848.

Died.—October: in Salt Lake City, Sunday 1st, Henry Dinwoodey, one of the

most prominent and influential business men of Salt Lake City, and a faithful

Church worker, aged 80 years.—In Sandy, 7th, N. Parley Thompson, a recent

California missionary, and faithful Church worker, age 25 years.—Sunday, 8th,

John E. Cox, Secretary of the Deseret Agricultural and Manufacturing Society,

aged 50 years.—Wednesday, 11th, Reddick N. Allred, one of the members of the

Mormon Battalion, and a Utah pioneer, born in Tennessee, Feb. 21, 1822.—Thursday, 12th, Mrs. Aura A. Cummings, a veteran of Nauvoo, born Feb. 17, 1827, in

Mansfield, Conn.—Wednesday, 11th, in Salt Lake City, Thomas Adams, a wellknown attorney, and husband of Emily Caldwell Adams of the Y. L. M. I. A.

Board, age 45 years.

Christ of the Andes.—Senora de Costa has appealed to the governments of

Argentina and Chile, for aid to build a MonasteryRefuge, a humanitarian establishment similar to that of the Monks of St. Bernard, in the Alps, on the summit

of the Andes, and adjoining the "Christ of the Andes."She says that, "there on

that very lofty summit, numbers of travelers, surprised by the snowstorms of the

Andes, perish every year during the winter for lack of timely and effective assistance."It is designed that this new refuge shall prevent the suffering and render

the needed aid to the wanderer in distress. Senora de Costa, who is the president

of the "Christian Mothers Association"of Buenos Ayres, was, with Bishop Benavente, the leading spirit who conceived the idea and carried to completion the extraordinary monument to eternal peace, ''Christ of the Andes, ''erected on the summit of the Andes, and on the border line between Chile and Argentina. It is

a colossal statue of Christ, by Mateo Alonso, a young native sculptor of the latter country, and commemorates a remarkable arbitration and peace treaty between the two nations—one that may indeed be pointed to as an example to the world.

The statue which was set up March 13, 1904, is cast from bronze of old cannon left by the Spaniards at the time of Argentine independence: and on this interna"

tional monument, standing on the mountain tops nearly 14, 000 feet above sea level, is this remarkable inscription, ''Sooner shall these mountains crumble into dust than Chileans and Argentines shall break the peace which, at the feet of Christ'the Redeemer, they have sworn to maintain. '

Senora de Costa in a recent article in the Independent, appeals to the United

States for help to build the Refuge, and hopes that all nations shall contribute generously to its realization.

to an agreement Sweden and Norway.—These Scandinavian countries came

September 23, by act of their representatives in the Karlstad conference, and the peaceful separation of the two countries is assured. Concessions were made on

80 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

both sides. Both countries agree to submit to the Hague Court, for a period of

ten years, all matters of dispute except those which affect the independence, integrity and vital interests of either. The question of the fortification of the frontier, which seemed at times likely to break up the conference, was settled by the

establishment of a neutral zone, fifteen kilometres wide, on both sides of the southern portion of the frontier of the two countries. Within this neutral zone

neither nation shall station armed military forces, and no fortifications, war ports, or depots for the army or navy can be maintained in the zone. The Norwegian

fortifications, now existing within the neutral zone, are to be demolished within the next eight months to the satisfaction of a commission composed of three foreign military officers. The fortifications at Fredrikstad, Gyldenloeve and Overbierget

are to be allowed to remain, but in a demolished condition. The nomadic Laplanders are to be allowed to pasture reindeer in Norway until the year 1917.

The Swedish Riksdag and the Norwegian Storthing took up the articles of agreement in early October, and these were later accepted by both. King Oscar

will rescind the union, and declare Norway an independent state. By the middle

of November the Norwegian government will consider whether Norway shall be a kingdom or a republic, and submit the proposition to the vote of the people, in the elections of 1905. Bjornson, the veteran novelist, urges the election of a king,

but public sentiment seems to favor a republic.

CantonHankau Railroad.—About seven years ago, an American syndicate

obtained permission from the Chinese government to build a railway between Canton and Hankau, and incidentally to develop along the line, the mining and industrial interests of the country. It was reported some time ago that the attitude

of the Chinese government was very hostile toward the continuing of the enterprize in foreign hands, and recently the government declared the lease cancelled, but in so doing oifered an indemnity to the company which held it. After a consultation

with President Roosevelt, the company's representatives accepted an indemnity of $6, 750, 000 for the surrender of their rights. It was the best thing to do, and the

arrangement removes a question that might have become very seriously troublesome in connection with other complications between our country and China, occasioned by the enforcement of the Chinese exclusion act, and the boycott of

American goods in the celestial empire.

-i..I "I "I"I"I"I"I"I"I"I"I"I - I-I"I"I"H"I"I"l "l"l..H

S. REISER I FREE flFFER ALBERT

For 30 days JEWELER Will place a P.ano or Organ **

in your home, free of charge, No. 12 E.'lst South St.,

for 30 days trial on your ask-.. Salt Lake City, Utah.

ing.

Remember we sell a good Cliolce line of

Piano for $250.00, $10.00 cash X

down,balance $8.00 permonta.

WATCHES, Write us for full information. DIAMONDS,

JEWELRY, I ETerythlng Knowa In Mnsic. J CUT GLASS. t

SILVERWARE, | OPTICAL GOODS, i Carstensen & t

FmeiWatch and Jewelry Repairing inc. |: Anson Co.,

TEMPLE OF MISIC. Mail orders solicited. %

JL 74 Main Street, - Salt Lake City. Bell Telephone 2640 k. f

"I "I "I"I"I"I-I.'H"I"I"I"I"I"I"I"I"I"I"I"I"I"I"I"I *********'"***J***********'"*****J*******

GOOD

COflli."

A Comfort Insutranee DR. J. THOMAS, |

Policy.

DENTIST.

4- 26S Main St., Salt Lake City. 4-

BRBBHGBH, 161 IVIcighn St.

I Successor to PLEASANT VALLEY t COAL CO.

Advertisers, please mention the EJra.)

THE HIO GRflflDE WESTEHll... H]4D...

THEDE]9VElApHlOGl|ApE

Best Itoeal Tpaln Sepviee in Utah.

From ten to forty minutes the fastest line between Ogfden, Salt Lake City Lehi, American Fork Provo, Mammoth, Eureka and all points in Sanpete, Sevier and south.

3 FAST TRAINS DAILY to all Eastern points, with through sleeping and dining cars to Denver, Omaha,

Kansas City, St* Louis and Chicago.

MAGNIFICENT SCENERY EN ROUTE.

For Rates, etc, enquire of Local Agent or write -Mi I. A. BENTON,

General Agent, Salt Lake City.

Oreijop Sl7ort Ciie Iailroad

Operating 1262 Miles of Railroad through the thriving Stales of

UTAH, IDAHO, WYOMING, OREGON and MONTANA.

THE ONL.V ROMD

To BUTTE, HELENA, PORTLAND, and the NORTH PACIFIC COAST

'FIVE DAILY TRAINS BETWEEN SALT LAKE CITY AND OGDEN

all Points East.The Fastest Service to

BUYlYOUR TICKETS VIA THE SHORT LINE,"UTAH'S

FAVORITE RAILROAD.

Qty SiHet Offic:e. |o. 201 /Taip Street, Salt Cae Qty.

T. M. SCHUMACHER, Traffic Mgr. D. E. BURLEY, Gen. P. & T. A.

W. H. BANCROFT, VicePreat. and Gen. Mgr.

(Whn writing to Advertisers, please mention the Bra.)

TheMANUALS for 1905-6 are no<w ready for distribution

The Young Mens Associations should send in their orders without delay to

THOMAS HULL. '

2t4 Templeton,

Salt Lake City, YOUR FALL SUIT

Of course you are particular about it.

Well, we're glad you are; and if you are

particular enough you will come here to be fitted. We have just the cut and style of

clothes that will look well on you. We

can guarantee a fit as good as any tailor can accomplish. Every late weave and

smart pattern is shown in our handsome line of suits. We are entitled to say the.

same about our Overcoat stock, too. Come

and see the Dew things for Fall and Winter.

GO.H4.TH0PS DRY GOODS

Do you like to buy where you can feel at hom, where the light is the best, where the store is warm in winter and cool in summer, where the salespeople are ready, attentive and anxious to wait on you, where the management uses its long experience in placing before you desirable merchandise at the lowest prices? Where, if you

have twentyfive cents to spend you can save your car fare, and if you have a dollar to spend you can save a quarter. We offer all this to you. Our regular customers know this; you try us too, and make your purchasing a pleasure. When you leave your dollars at our store,

you'll be as pleased with our goods as we are in having your patronage. Where else can you find such mutual

satisfaction?

,. THOjiBflS DRY GOODS GO. t

6769-71 Main St.

CWhsn writing to Advertisers, please mention the Sra.)