Vol. IV. The Glory of God is Intelligence. No. II.

IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Organ of Youn; Mens Mutual Improvement Associations.

PUBLISHED BY THE GENERAL BOARD.

K. Business Smith, / Joseph Heber Grant, j -oa-,*Editors.

( j Thos. Hull,J. Managers. Anderson. Edw. h.

SEPTE R. 1901.

TABLE 00 K.NTENTS.

Portrait of Governor Arthur L. TiiOMAS... Frontis]ct

The Governors of Utah, Arthur L. Thomas '801

I Wish Tou Well. A Poem Youth's Companion 803

Priesthood—What is it?—Its Restoration Joseph E. Taylor 804

CHEEiiFULNESS Thackeray 812 On Reading Ida Prentice 818 "In Stonewall's Ko'"Mathonihah Thomas 815

The Story of "Mormonism"IV Dr. James E. Talmage 817

A Visit to the Holy Land Andreas Peterson 827

Life and After Scott 834 The Angel of the Tenement Sarah Whalen 835

Some Properties of Soils Dr. John A. Widtsoe 840

Bernard Palissy. An Impersonation Wm. A. Hyde 847

Some Leading Events in the Current Story of the World—The Great Steel Strike

Frederick—Le Conte—Fiske—Empress

of Germany Dr. J. M. Tanner 857

Editor's Table—Our Report and Our Mission

—Avoid "Old Abe"—Lucy Smith's History

of the Prophet 864 Notes 866 ConOur Work—Statistical Report—Annual

ventions 868 Events OF the Month Thomas Hull 877

SALT LAKE oity:

214 AND 215 TErvIPIvEXON BLDG.

Published JWonthly. $2. peiT Annum.

The Best Company is the Company THBe that does the Most Good.. t <

r STATE THE MyTOm LIFE OF NEW YORK OF UTAH.

Has Paid to its Policy Holders over

Heber J. Grant, Preat.

William B. Preston, VlcePrest.

Hebbr M. Wells, Cashier.

S. Bpkton, Asst. Cashier. $515,000,000. Chas.

DIRECTORS: Heber J. Grant, Chas. 8. Burton,

FtUiam B. Preston, PhiloT.Famsworth

F. Smith, M. Wells, Heber sephFt Particulars Apply to - <| Isaac Barton, A.W.Carlson,

Byron Groo.

RULON 5. WELLS,

ACCOUNTS SOLICITED and MANAGING AGENT, CORRESPONDENCE INVITED.

5-10 Commercial Block, Salt Lake City, Utah. Drafts Drawn on All Parts of the World.

A BIG SUIT SPECIAL

SN A GENUINE Keep IBoney at Home All Of our mall BARGAIX. A

order prices are bargains, but tills Is somettiing extra, a little of the ordinary, out bought piece the up espeand In fiy Insuring made cially for our trade for spring, summer and fall wear. in the THE CLOTH is a double and

twist, mixed gray and brown, woven in halfInch diagonal pattern, forming a slight stripe, very pretty and dressy; will

1t.immJfiwnrth li;lO.UU(in iotvarra.itedshow dust;to wearis all untilwool andyou

are more than satisfied. ONLY $9.25. THE STYLE. It coaies in round cut sack

style, slDgle breasted vest, coat lined with ahigh graue of Farmer's satin; Inside pockets HOME

silk stitched; buttonholes silk worked, etc.

Everything about the suit Stamps it as of high quality and better than can be had elsewhere for much more monev.

SEND ONE DOLLAR and your expressoffice address and we will send the suit to FIRE you; you have full privilege of examination

before you pay another cent. If you are satisfied and find everything as represented,

pay the expiess agent $".25 and expresscharges in addition to the $1.00 you sent with oyour order, and ki ep the bargain.

SIZES. You will get your size without difficulty. Send breast measure for the coat and UTAH

veS; also size of coat usually worn, and waist

annlnseamfor the pants. Remember this

leastSuit is only at $9.25, worth H6f)6r J. Granii & 60., of tue Samples be had cloth may$15.00.

on application. GENERAL AGENTS.

WEST'S MAIL ORDER HOUSE, 2026 South Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah. Offices 205206 Wittingham Block,

(WHBN WBITIKG TO ADVBBTISEBS PLEASE MENTION THE BBA.)

TO HOIHESEEKUS IJIVESTOHS. fi t tfi cm

SOUTH EASTERN IDAHO is a great new field for GE'ERAL FARMING and for the development of INDUSTRIAL ENTERPRISES.

The Great Snake River Valley can support a million people and SouthEastern

Idaho has sufficient land and a NEVER FAILING WATER SUPPLY to accommodate twice the number now in the entire State, just reported in the census returns at 161,771.

YOU WILL FIND HERE:

The Best Water Supply for Irrigation. Cooperative Canals—Low Charges. The

Best Soil, Producingf Great Crops. A Great New Field for Sugar Beets. Cheap Lumber, Fuel and Water Power. Fine Hunting and Fishing. Great Mines. Splendid

Grazing and Feeding Grounds. A favorable Climate. Good Schools. Splendid

Markets and Transportation. Conservative but Enterprising People. You cannot

find such a combination of resources and attractions in any other district in the west.

Ask Us for General Information and for a List of Lands and City Property

For Sale in the GREAT SNAKE RIVER VALLEY.

THE lOAHO OOLONY CO.. WRfiTXiAflD, WIIiLtS & SHBLtTOfI, GeQeKal Agents

t025 17th Street, Denver, Colorado. 15 West Second South Street. Sa/t Lake City, Utah

Agrencies in Focatello, Blackfoot, Idaho Falls, IRexburg and St. Antony, Idaho

November 1st, 1900.

GOOP. FUHJlITUIiE GO.

31 to 35 Ittain Street, SXLT LAKB OITY. UTAH

Are headquarters for Fine

Fornitufe Carpets Art Squares and Rugfs. Star Estate Steel

Ranges, Heaters, etc. We are

the sole agfents for the only

sensible dust shields. BiCVCliES.

You get from us just what Everything in Sporting Goods. you buy. We make no substitutes. BASE BALLS, CAMERAS,

I'HOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES, Etc.

CO., WM N. WILLIAMS, Superintent. WESTERN ARMS & SPORTING GOODS

O. H. PETTIT, Treasurer. 115 South Main Street.

(WHEN WKITINO TO APVKRTISBRS PI.EA.SE MENTION THE ERA.)

Workers I. M. A.

Are Doubly Equipped, Having -s Business Education A With it they can earn enough in six days so that they need not work on

SUNDAY.

Ten students from the SALT LAKE

BUSINESS COLLEGE get employment where one from all its competitors combined is so fortunate. The

school occupies the entire top floor of the bank building shown in the cut

SEND below.KOR CATALOG; IT IS KREK.

SALT LAKE BUSINESS COLLEGE, TEMPLETON, (irKVuiLS.) ALT LAKE CITY.

JOSEPH NELSON, President, WILLIAM JOHNSTON, Secretary

SAY.E YOUR MONEY, AND WHEN YOD GET A DOLLAR DEPOSIT IT WITH

ZION'S SAVINGS BANK & TRUST COHPANY.

DIHECTOHS.

Lorenzo Snow

President George Q. Cannon,

VicePresident.

George M. Cannon,

Cashier.

Joseph F. Smith,

Anthon H Lund, Francis M. Lyman,

Heber J. Grant,

Angus M. Cannon.

T. G Webber,

James Jack, George Reynolds, L John Nuttall John T. Caiue.

- - SALT LAKE CITY UTAH. 1, 8 & 5 MA.IN STREET, -

(WHKN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PI,KASS MBNTlOil THK BRA.)

Digitized by tine Internet Arciiive in 2011 witii funding from Corporation of tiie Presiding Bisiiop, The Ciiurcii of Jesus Ciirist of Latterday Saints

Iittp://www.arcliive.org/details/improvementera0411unse

GOVERNOR ARTHUR L. THOMAS

1S89 - 1893

Vol. IV. SEPTEMBER, 1901. No 11.

THE GOVERNORS OF UTAH.

ARTHUR L. THOMAS.

Arthur L. Thomas, the fourteenth governor of Utah, and for

many years its secretary, was born in Chicago, Illinois, August 22, 1851, and was the son of Henry J. and Eleanor L. Thomas. On

February 6, 1873, he was married to Helena H. Reinburg, and with

her came to Utah in April, 1879, just after his appointment by

President Rutherford B. Hayes to the office of secretary of the

territory. He remained in this position for eight years, being

reappointed by President Chester A. Arthur, in 1883, serving

until April, 1887, a longer period than any other secretary in the history of the territory. In addition to his office as secretary, he

held simultaneously other important positions. Thus, in 1880, he

was appointed supervisor of the tenth census for Utah; in 1881,

special agent of the government to collect the statistics of schools and churches; and in 1884, by the legislature, one of four commissioners to compile the laws of Utah. In 1888, he became a

director of the Deseret Agricultural and Manufacturing Society.

802 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

During the legislative session of 1882, except for five days, he was the acting governor, which was also the case during half the session of 1884; in December, 1886, he succeeded A. S. Paddock as

a member of the Utah Commission, the latter having been elected senator from the state of Nebraska. It was in April, 1889, that

President Benjamin Harrison tendered Arthur L. Thomas the

governorship of Utah, which he accepted. He qualified on May 6

following, holding that position until May 4, 1893, when he was succeeded by Caleb W. West.

The leading historical events which took place during his administration were of great importance to the commonwealth in the development of its political, religious and business affairs. The

status of Church property was decided upon by the Supreme

Court; early in 1890, Salt Lake City passed from the People's to

the Liberal party, a condition which already existed in Ogden; in

September of this year. President Woodruff issued a manifesto

suspending plural marriage; in 1891, the People's party was dissolved and its members united with the national parties—Re|)ublicans and Democrats; this resulted, during the year following,

in the termination of the short and not very desirable rule of the

Liberal party, and in its death, and paved the way for statehood, which cut short the administration of the last territorial governor—Hon. Caleb W. West.

Concerning the character and labors of Governor Thomas, the following is reprinted from the Deseret News of May 4, 1893, the date of his retirement from office:

For Arthur L. Thomas, the outgoing executive, this paper has no

words but those of good will and friendship now, albeit at times we have had to differ with him most radically as to some of his official acts, and have had to criticize some of his measures of policy. But we have

ever sought to judge of his work in a spirit which prompts us to recognize differences of attitude and education, and no words have been spoken against him because of such differences or for any personal reason. We realize that he has occupied a peculiar and in most circumstances trying position; but that he has always sought the best interests

of the territory as he understood them, and the ultimate welfare of all her people, we firmly believe. Hence, carping criticism and villification

qave neither been indulged in nor upheld in others. It speaks well for

THE GOVERNORS OF UTAH. 803

Ms conservatism and prudence that he has been deemed worthy to hold office in the territory longer than any other official we ever had, longer than almost any official in any of the territories; and that at the end he

is able to retire with the consciousness of duty well performed, and the respect of his fellow citizens is no slight tribute to his character. * *

* * He came to this territory a young man of twentyseven, and has served the territory fourteen years, a longer service than has been rendered by any other official in its history.

When appointed governor he was a citizen of Utah. Four of his

children were born here, and their mother sleeps the final sleep upon our soil. He has made Utah his home and now acknowledges no other; and,

in conclusion, his moral character has always been above suspicion.

Since his retirement from the governorship, he has continued to reside in Utah, and is at present the postmaster of Salt Lake

City, of which office he took charge, February 1, 1897.

"I WISH YOU WELL."

Despite the tales the cynics tell,

Whom does the busy world wish well?

The soldier boy, who leads the way

By early learning to obey;

The sailor lad, whose swift "Ay, ay!"

Halts not to question when or why;

The city boy, whose heedful grace

Gives charm to every commonplace;

The village boy, who makes his path

Bloom with the loving skill he hath;

The true lad everywhere, who wills

To honor well the place he fills,

And make the house he dares begin

Worth building sure and living in.

To these the world finds time to say.

Amid the march of every day:

"Whatever tales the doubters tell, 1 wish you well—I wish you well."

Youth's Companion.

PRffiSTHOOD—WHAT IS IT?—ITS RESTORATION.

BY ELDER JOSEPH E. TAYLOR, OF THE RRESIDENCY OF THE SALT

LAKE STAKE OF ZION.

If we were to examine the lexicons that are recognized authority in civilized nations, we would signally fail in obtaining a true definition of the word. Webster defines it, "The office of a

priest; the order composed of priests."To our mind, this explanation is very vague.

Were we to consult the writings of all the Protestant theological divines of the past centuries, for a true definition of the word, we would retire from the research fully satisfied that they had utterly failed to grasp the subject; much less define it. If we

should enter the Catholic world, we would find an attempt made to answer the question as follows: It consists of a pope, who is

God's vicegerant on earth, the principal authorities under him being, cardinals, archbishops, bishops and fathers; each possessing

certain delegated powers to be exercised by them in their several spheres. But as we proceed to obtain further information, we

soon become lost in a labyrinth of uncertainty and doubt, due to the fact that the guideposts themselves along the tangled pathways are misleading and uncertain.

Where shall we go; to what source shall we look for a true

and undisputable answer to the question: "What is priesthood?"

We reply: To God, our Father, in whom is centered all there is of

the Holy Priesthood. This we desire to prove by evidence so clear

and forceful as to leave no room for uncertainty or doubt. And

PRIESTHOOD—ITS RESTORATION. 805

further, also prove that our Father has delegated this authority to others, to be used for certain specific purposes.

It is called the Priesthood after the order of Melchisedek. In

Genesis, 14: 18, he (Melchisedek) is called the king of Salem

(Shiloam), or king of peace. Alma, Book of Mormon, 13: 19, says

of him, "There were many before him, and also there were many afterwards, but none were greater."Read the whole chapter.

The Prophet Joseph says of him: "He held the keys and power of

endless life."(History of Joseph Smith, August 18, 1843.)

The reason why it is called the Priesthood after the order of

Melchisedek is given in the book of Doctrine and Covenants, section 107: 2-4:

Why the first is called the Melchisedek Priesthood, is because Melchisedek was such a great high priest.

Before his day it was called the Holy Priesthood, after the order of the Son of God;

But out of respect or reverence to the name of the Supreme Being to avoid the too frequent repetion of his name,they, the church, in ancient days, called that Priesthood after Melchisedek, or the Melchisedek

Priesthood.

We might consistently go further back and say, it is the Priesthood after the order of our Father who undoubtedly conferred it in its fullness, or delegated to others the authority to confer it, upon his Son; for Jesus many times expressed himself as having

received all he possessed from his Father.

What are we to understand by the word "order,"as used in this connection: the Priesthood after the order of Melchisedek, or

after the order of the Son of God? We find an answer to this question in the Pearl of Great Price, page 17. Enoch is relating a

conversation between the Lord and Father Adam, at which time the plan of salvation is fully explained. Adam, having been baptized, receives the Holy Ghost. The record says:

Thou art after the order of him who was without beginning of days or end of years; from all eternity to all eternity. Behold, thou art one

in me, a son of God, and thus may all become my sons. Amen.

Paul in writing to the Hebrews, (7: 3,) says of this Priesthood, that it is "without father, without mother, without descent,

806 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

having neither beginning of days, nor end of life; but made like unto

the Son of God."In other words, it is without genealogical data.

It existed from all eternity, and will exist to all eternity.

There never has been wanting intelligences to exercise its authority, or to use its powers in the administration of its sacred ordinances, when mankind were worthy of such ordinances. See

Compendium, page 65. In this same chapter, Hebrews 7: 1417,

we read:

For it is evident that our Lord sprang out of Judah; of which tribe

Moses spake nothing concerning Priesthood. And it is yet far more evident: for that after the similitude of Melchisedek there ariseth another

priest, who is made, not after the law of a carnal commandment, but after the power of an endless life. For he testifieth. Thou art a priest

for ever after the order of Melchisedek."

From the foregoing, it is evident that this Priesthood always existed: that it does not belong essentially to this earth, and cannot be obtained as earthly possessions are obtained. It must be

bestowed, and that, too, by ordination. We have no positive record

of any person or persons having conferred upon the Savior the

Holy Priesthood. The Jewish nation were without the authority

of the Melchisedek Priesthood, consequently we must look elsewhere for evidences upon this point. Because the higher Priesthood

was not upon earth when Jesus came, or at many other times in the history of this earth, was it impossible to have it bestowed when the necessity existed? We answer: It was not, for the Son of

God himself must receive ordination thereto, as well as baptism, even if it should require the immediate presence and direct administration of the Father.

We read of his baptism, and of his receiving the Holy Ghost.

His transfiguration is also spoken of,when Moses and Elias appeared and Peter asked that a tabernacle for each one be built. We may

imagine why these worthy ones appeared to Jesus, at this time;

but the record is silent upon this point, and we will not indulge in conjecture.

In Hebrews 7: 20, Paul declares that he (Jesus) was made a

priest by an oath by him that said unto him, "Thou art a priest for ever after the order of Melchisedek."Again, verse 24: "This

PRIESTHOOD—ITS RESTORATION. 807

man, [Jesus] because he continueth ever, hath an unchangeable priesthood."

In the year 1841—the exact date is not given—the Prophet

Joseph in answer to the question, "Was the Priesthood of.Melchisedek taken away when Moses died,"replies, that all Priesthood

is Melchisedek, but there are different degrees or portions of it.

That portion which brought Moses to speak with God face to face was taken away; but that which brougt the ministry of angels remained. All the prophets had the Melchisedek Priesthood and

were ordained by God himself. This is not strange, for in tracing

Moses'authority, who was ordained by Jethro, we go back to Esaias who "received it under the hand of God."(Doctrine and Covenants,

Section 84: 12.)

After such a declaration there need be no question about the divine authority of the Savior of the world, although there is no record of the time and place of his ordination. Neither is there

any record of the time and place when these several prophets were ordained, yet we do not question the statement above named.

Is the Priesthood upon the earth today? If so, how was it

obtained? This is a very important question, for if the Holy Melchisedek Priesthood is not upon earth, then the religion of the

Latterday Saints is a myth, and the elders of The Church have not only been deceived themselves, but they have unwittingly deceived others. Joseph Smith, the prophet of this last dispensation, from

whom has come to us all the authority of the Priesthood, claims to have received every key of authority and power that was ever conferred upon prophets and apostles in the past ages; also that

he had received authority to exercise the various functions and powers of the several offices of this Priesthood for the salvation and redemption of the living and the dead; for to this end was the

Priesthood restored and bestowed. This is a full and complete answer to our question, what is, or in other words, what constitutes,

Priesthood?

We return now, to the question. Is the Priesthood upon the

earth? If so, how was it obtained?

The church of Rome claims an unbroken line of Priesthood from the Apostle Peter down to this day. The Latterday Saints

claim that it was taken from the earth, and not one vestige re808 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

mained after the year 421, when Moroni closed his record, saying, "And now I bid unto all, farewell. I soon go to rest in the paradise of God, until my spirit and body shall again reunite."(Book of

Moroni, last verse.) We might add to our statement: Unless a

portion of it remained with the Ten Tribes in the north country, who have been lost to the rest of mankind for fully twentyfive centuries of our time. (Ill Nephi 21: 26; also 15: 1524; Second

Esdras, Apocrypha 13: 3947; Doctrine and Covenants, section

133: 2634.)

Moroni, the messenger who appeared to Joseph after the visit of the Father and the Son, did not claim any authority to restore the Priesthood. The extent of his authority, for the present at

least, was to bring forth and deliver to Joseph the record which, in the year 421, he had sealed up and hid in the hill Cumorah, near

Manchester, Ontario County, New York, and which he delivered to

Joseph on September 22, 1827. But he spoke concerning the

restoration of the Priesthood which would shortly be. This record

now translated is called the Book of Mormon. (See Doctrine and

Covenants, section 20: 6-13, for explanation.)

The Apostle Peter held the presidency or, in other words, was the chief apostle after Jesus. I am fully satisfied that it was according to the will of God that Peter, James and John should be

the instruments in restoring the Priesthood to the earth.

The two firstnamed had suffered martyrdom and undoubtedly had been resurrected; John had been translated, and, as such, they

appeared to Joseph and Oliver and ordained them to the apostleship.

We quote: And also with Peter, James, and John, whom I have sent unto you, by whom I have ordained you and confirmed you to be apostles, and special witnesses of my name, and bear the keys of your ministry, and of the same things which I revealed unto them. (Doctrine and Covenants,

section 27: 12.)

Here, then, is Peter, James and John who were ordained by

Jesus himself to the apostleship in Palestine now sent by him to ordain Joseph and Oliver to this power, he being only the second

PRIESTHOOD—ITS RESTORATION. 809

removed from Jesus to receive the Priesthood. Peter first, Joseph

next.

In the 13th verse of this same section we find the following:

Unto whom I have committed the keys of my kingdom, and a dispensation of the Gospel for the last time; and for the fullness of times,

in the which I will gather together in one all things both which are in heaven and which are on earth.

To further establish the authority of these three to ordain

Joseph and Oliver apostles, we will refer to section 128: 20:

The voice of Peter, James, and John in the wilderness between Harmony, Susquehanna County, and Colesville, Broome County, on the Susquehanna River, declaring themselves as possessing the keys of the kingdom, and the dispensation of the fullness of times.

We have the exact date of the ordination of Joseph and Oliver to the Aaronic Priesthood, by John the Baptist, which was May 15, 1829; (section 13,) but we have not the exact date of their

ordination to the Melchisedek Priesthood. It certainly was after

their ordination to the Aaronic Priesthood, and must have been between that time and the June following.

In a revelation given June, (no day) 1829, the Lord said to

Oliver and David Whitmer:

I speak unto you, * * * as unto Paul mine apostle, for you are called even with that same calling with which he was called.

(Doctrine and Covenants, section 18: 9.)

Although Joseph is not mentioned in this connection, yet it is evident that he had been called and ordained,'for the Lord said,

April, (no day), 1830:

Which commandments were given to Joseph Smith, Jun., who was

called of God, and ordained an apostle of Jesus Christ, to be the first elder of this Church; and to Oliver Cowdery, who was also called of God, an

apostle of Jesus Christ, to be second elder of this Church, and ordained under his hand. (Doctrine and Covenants, section 20: 2-3.)

Having established the authority of Joseph Smith and others as apostles of this last dispensation, we might follow with profit the history of the calling and ordaining the Twelve to the apostleship. The Lord said,

810 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

And now, behold, there are others who are called to declare my gospel, both unto Gentile and unto Jew; yea, even Twelve, and the Twelve

shall be my disciples, and they shall take upon them my name. (Doctrine and Covenants, section 18: 2627.)

In the 37th verse, of this same section, the Lord made the following appointment: "And now, behold, I give unto you, Oliver

Cowdery, and also unto David Whitmer, that you shall search out the Twelve,"etc. In the 47th verse: "Behold I, Jesus Christ, your

Lord and your God, and your Redeemer, by the power of my Spirit have spoken it. Amen."

This is the authority, which these men received direct from heaven to select the first Twelve in this dispensation. No time was

specified when this selection was to be made.

It was not until the 14th day of February, 1835, (five years and eight months afterwards,) in a special meeting of the brethren who constituted the membership of Zion's camp, that the subject of choosing the twelve was considered. Upon this occasion, Joseph

asked the brethren if they were willing that the Spirit of the Lord should dictate in the choice of the elders to be apostles. All expressed an anxious desire to have it so. The three witnesses to

the Book of Mormon, viz: Oliver Cowdery, David Whitmer and

Martin Harris, each prayed in turn; they were then blessed by the

laying on of hands by the presidency. Then, according to the

revelation given in June, 1829, they made choice of the following persons: Lyman E. Johnson, Brigham Young, Heber C. Kimball,

Orson Hyde, David W. Patten, Luke Johnson, William E. McLellan,

John F. Boynton, Orson Pratt, William Smith, Thomas B. Marsh,

Parley P. Pratt. The first one ordained was Lyman E. Johnson.

The history of Joseph Smith, of February 14, 1835, gives the words of the blessing received, also the solemn charge which was given to them upon this occasion. Thomas B. Marsh and Orson Pratt

were absent on missions, at this time; they returned the following

April, and were then ordained apostles.

On May 2, 1835, a grand council was held, at which time the

Prophet defined the order to be observed by the twelve, when in council, as follows:

They should take their seats according to age; the oldest to

PRIESTHOOD—ITS RESTORATION. 811

i)e seated at the head and preside in the first council; the next

oldest, in the next council, and so on, until the youngest had presided; and then begin with the oldest again.

Although Lyman E. Johnson was the first one ordained, he

being the youngest, he took No. 12; Thomas B. Marsh, No. 1, he

being the oldest; D. W. Patten, No. 2; Brigham Young, No. 3; and

so on to the 12th.

After the death of David W. Patten, and the apostasy of some

of the twelve, their places were filled by others who were ordained to the same calling. Then it was that their numerical position in

the quorum was determined by the date of their ordination, and not by age. This rule has been observed since that time.

Until the apostasy of Thomas B. Marsh, he was always recognized as the president of the quorum. In the history of Joseph

Smith, under date of January 22, 1836, the following appears:

"We (the presidency) then laid our hands upon Elder Thomas B.

Marsh who is the president of the twelve,"etc. (See also section

1:12, 16.) In a revelation dated January 19, 1841, the Lord said: "I

give unto you my servant Brigham Young, to be a president over the Twelve traveling Council,"at which time he names the other members of the council. Five new names were given, with instructions also to ordain another to the same calling as David W.

Patten who had died; but that no man could take his Priesthood

from him. Lyman Wight was ordained an apostle, April 8, 1841,

he making the sixth new member of the council of twelve.

We will not follow the changes that have occurred in that body down to the present time, but speak of other appointments and authority which was conferred upon the prophet, by persons who had committed to them a certain specific charge to perform a particular work, but had not been able to accomplish it in their life time, notably, Moses, Elias and Elijah who appeared to Joseph in the Kirtland temple, Sunday, April 3, 1836, in the afternoon of that day. (Doctrine and Covenants, Section 110.) In relation to

the authority of these three worthy men in their several callings, read the history of Joseph Smith, March 10, 1844. Their appearance at this time was an additional testimony that God had accepted

the Kirtland temple. It was also a recognition of Joseph's author812 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

ity by virtue of his apostleship to take up and complete the work which they had been unable to accomplish in their life time, because of the wickedness of the people.

In conclusion, we declare that the 'Priesthood now operating in its various callings and appointments has been received legitimately from Joseph Smith and others who were appointed by God to confer the same, they having been ordained thereto by the direct revelations of our Father and his Son Jesus Christ. And

though we are now at some distance from those who were first ordained to the Holy Priesthood, yet its authority is not at all weakened by the lapse of time, nor by the absence of the first elders and apostles of The Church. In this manner will be continued to the end of time the fullness of the authority of the Holy

Priesthood, for its perpetuity is assured: "It will never be taken

away nor given t ) another people."In the language of one of our

apostles, "It has come to stay."

CHEERFULNESS.

What, indeed, does not that word cheerfulness imply? It

means a contented spirit, it means a pure heart, it means a kind and loving disposition; it means humility and charity; it means a

generous appreciation of others, and a modest opinion of self. Stupid people, who do not know how to laugh, are always pompous

and selfconceited; that is, bigoted; that is, cruel; that is, ungentle,

uncharitable, unchristian. William Makepeace Thackeray.

ON READING.

BY MRS. IDA PRENTICE, EAUCLAIRE, WISCONSIN.

The question, Why ought we to read? is fundamental, natural.

We ourselves are its answer, and if we desire to put into words the feelings that spring from our being, we may repeat the cry of David, when, in his rapture for the admiration for man, he exclaimed, "Thou hast made him, God, a little less than the angels."From this dignity of man, from his spirituality, from his

soul, stamped with the divine likeness, with its rich endowment of will, memory, and understanding, and its rich supernatural gifts of faith, hope, and charity, must we seek the full answer to our question.

A law of our being commands us to seek for spiritual culture and intellectual nourishment, and this law is largely satisfied by reading and meditation.

Man's existence on earth depends on food: we eat to live.

But the Divine Master knew the higher needs of our life when he said that not by bread alone could we be sustained.

To read, therefore, to yield to the just demands of our spiritual and intellectual appetite, is assuredly as pressing a duty as that which commands us to sustain our drooping physical energies, and to ward off, as long as possible, the telling effects of wear and tear upon our bodies. But we must go still further.

While standing for the claims of our inferior part, we must, as

Christians, admit the higher claims of our minds, our undying and imperishable part. It is a great crime to destroy the life of our

body, either by violence, or by refusing it its just support. In

either case, we usurp the rights of the Author of life.

But as mind is above matter, and as the immortal spirit 814 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

transcends the perishing clay, so is there more heinous sin in wounding our being's nobler part; in deliberately extinguishing

the light of the Holy Ghost, or in failing to keep alive the divine spark ignited by the Creator. To read, to improve our minds by

observation, conversation, meditation and experience; to train

intelligently our moral nature; to know ourselves; to put ourselves in an intellectual communion with the beauties of creation,,

and with the divine beauties of our Creator; to be alive to some of

the treasures with which human genius has enriched the world are surely higher duties than to pass one's years in an effort to consume and to wear.

We should read because we are little less than the angels;

because we are so gloriously classed by the Father who is in heaven; because we are not for this world only; because we

possess souls touched by the finger of God, and kindled by the Holy Ghost. For many, the thought of meditation

that accompanies reading is the only thinking and meditating in which they can engage; and, therefore, the habit of

reading must be of great assistance to them, in making good use of free time, and in giving real value to spare moments that by some are habitually squandered.

When time hangs heavy, and the spirit finds unrest, then it is that a good book is a strong tower. There are angels lurking

among the leaves, as if these were so many niches. The book

becomes a guard. It takes possession of the mind for which the

evil one is always on the watch. It occupies it; garrisons it.

'W STONEWALL'S KO''

A SKETCH, BY MATHONIHAH THOMAS.

Few great captains have left a more ardent following than "Stonewall"Jackson. His life was one of intense devotion to the

right as he had the light to discern it, and a prayerful obedience to duty. His exterior, stern, severe, almost forbidding; his heart

so warm that his soldiers who knew him, fought under him like demons; remembering him, he becomes their saint. Here is an

illustration:

Down in the "Old Dominion,"while walking on a "straight"road to the Northanna river, one hot day, I passed a large "clearing"near the edge of which stood a delapidated shanty, boarded with the old time "shingles,"and chinked up with mud. Two pine

sticks and a gunnysack made the awning over a hole in the wall. The sight of a grayhead led me to ask,

"Straight road to North river?"

"Keep straight road, sah."

"Any cool water?"

"'Taint fresh from spring but hits rate smartly kule, sah.

Won't you all come in?"

Turning sharply, I opened the gate and passed into the old house. The interior was low and small and strewn with saddles,

pieces of harness, sacks, scraps of leather, and old shoes; a rusty

stove, set in a box of sand which at once served for ash pit and cuspador; a low shoemaker's bench near the window where an old

man was bent at his work; a few pairs of "fixed"shoes hanging

from the low rafters, completed the furnishings of the room.

816 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

As mine host moved toward me with a "gode"full of water, I saw that a wooden leg took the place of the lost member. "Have

some mo'?"he queried as I handed back the gourd. "Take a seat,

sah,"and I overturned a small nail keg.

The old man went back to his seat. I mopped my brow and

wondered if in some engagement of the Civil War, did this old man of the days gone by, march to the front and fall on a bloodstained battlefield, to lie there suffering all the horrors of the wounded until moved to the hospital; whether his heart did not sink

within him when he was later compelled to leave his cherished corps because of "disability to serve."

"Pretty warm,"I ventured.

"Rate smartly warm, sah, but not so hot as 'twas at Spottsylvaniain sixtyfo'!"

"Ah, in whose corps did you serve?"

His eyes brightened immediately, and, with his face wreathed in smiles, he turned a patronizing glance on me as he said with pardonable pride, "Stonewall's."Then as he leaned back to pull

from his pocket a twist of tobacco to moisten his tongue, continued, "Theyall called us foot cavalry, sah, we walked so fast and done fought so hard. Was with him from nigh onto the fust

the James—thro'the Wilderness. Heall—in the Valley—down

was a Christian and a prayin'man, sah. Many a time befo'a fight

hev I stood gyuard oveh his tent do'and heah him pray all night long. Pray for eve'ybody and eve'ything, sah. No man was

'fraid to go whar Jackson led sah, fo'heall brought 'em aout."

The old soldier's eyes kindled at the memory of a glorious captain. I pondered o'er the impress of the praying soldier on the

guard. "Straight road to North river?"

"Keep straight road, sah."

THE STORY OF ''MORMONISM/'*

BY DR. JAMES E. TALMAGE, OF THE UNIVERSITY OF UTAH.

(Continuedfrom page 738.)

But the dangers of this company's migration were surpassed by those of parties who subsequently braved the terrors of the plains. In their enthusiasm to reach the gathering place of their

people, many of the Latterday Saints set out from Iowa, where railway facilities had their termination, with handcarts only as a means of conveyance. Today there are living in the smiling vales

of Utah, men and women who then as boys and girls trudged wearily across the prairies, dragging their lumbering vehicles containing their entire provision against starvation and freezing.

Such handcart companies were fully organized, a limited amount of freight only being allowed to each division, milch cattle and a very few draught animals with wagons for conveying the heavier baggage and to carry the sick were assigned. The tale of their

dreary marches has never yet been told; the song of the heroism

and sacrifice displayed by these pilgrims for conscience sake is awaiting a singer worthy the theme. Wading the streams with

carts in tow, or in cases of unfordable streams, stopping to construct rafts; at times living on reduced rations of but a few ounces

of meal daily per head; lying down at night with a prayer in the

heart that they may wake no more on earth, a prayer which found its fulfillment in hundreds of cases; the dying heaving their final

*A lecture delivered by invitation at the University of Michigan, at Cornell University, and elsewhere.

818 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

sighs in the arms of their loved ones, themselves so soon to follow, they journeyed on.

The inevitable catastrophes and accidents of travel robbed them of their substance. Hostile savages stampeded their cattle,

or openly attacked and plundered the trains. But on they went,

never swerving from the course. These later companies needed no

chart or compass to guide them over the plains, the road was plain from the marks of former camps, and yet more plain from the graves of friends and loved ones who had started before on the road to the earthly Zion, and had found that it led them to the martyr's entrance to heaven; graves that were marked perhaps

but by a rude inscription cut on a pole or a board. And even

these narrow lodgings had not been left inviolate; the wolves of

the plains had too often succeeded in unearthing and rending the bodies. And every company thus made the course the plainer;

each of them added to the silent population of the desert; ofttimes

half a score were interred at one camp, and of one company over a fourth were thus left beside the prairie road. And now we

traverse the selfsame track in a day and a night, reclining on velvet cushions of ease, speeding across fifty miles while dining in luxury, and avert the ennui of the journey by berating the railway company for their snaillike pace.

Belief trains were continually on the way between the valley of the Salt Lake and the Missouri; and the remnants of many a

company were saved from what appeared to be certain destruction by the opportune arrival of these rescuing parties. And such

relief came from those who were themselves destitute and almost starving. Brigham Young himself, with a few of the chief officials of The Church, and aids, returned eastward on such an errand

of rescue within a few weeks after reaching the valley. The

region to which the early settlers came was in no wise a typical land of promise; it did not flow spontaneously with milk or honey.

Drought and unseasonable frosts made the first year's farming experiments but doubtful successes, and in the succeeding spring the land was visited by the devastating plague of the Rocky Mountain crickets.

M:They swarmed in innumerable hords upon the fields, darkening the sun in flight, destroying the grain as they alighted, devourTHE STORY OF "MOBMONISM."819

ing all before them, leaving the land a desert in their track. The

people scarcely knew how to withstand the assult of this new foe;

they drove the insects into trenches, there to be drowned or burned; men, women, and every child that could swing a stick,

were called to the ranks in this insect war; and with all their

fighting, the people forgot not to pray for deliverance, they fasted, too, for the best of reasons.

And again the heavens were obscured, and winged creatures of more formidable proportions still, bore down upon the fields;

were these coming to complete the devastation? See, these are

of the color that betokens peace; they are the ocean gulls, white

and beautiful, advancing upon the hosts of the black destroyers.

Falling upon the people's foes, they devoured them by the thousand, until filled to repletion, they disgorged themselves and feasted again. And they did not stop till the crickets were all destroyed.

Again the skeptic will say this was but chance; but the people accepted that chance as a providential ruling in their behalf, and

reverently did they give thanks.

Until this day, the wanton killing of a gull in Utah is an offense in law; but stronger than the legal proscription, more

powerful than the fear of judicial penalities, is the popular sentiment in favor of these whitewinged deliverers. Every year come

these graceful creatures to spend the springtime in the fields, and upon the lakes of Utah; and right well do they feel their welcome,

for they are habitually so tame and fearless that they may almost be touched by the hand before they take flight.

In the fall of 1848, five thousand people had already reached the valley, and the food problem was a most intricate one. The

winter was severe; and famine, stark and inexorable, threw its

dread shadow over the people. It seemed to be an entry in the

book of fate that every possible test of human endurance and integrity should be applied to this pilgrim band. Without distinction as to former station, they went out and dug the roots of

weeds, gathered the tenderest of the coarse grass and the thistles and wild berries, and thus did they subsist; upon such did they

feast with thanksgiving, until a less scanty harvest relieved their wants.

It was at this time that the gold fever was at its height, a 820 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

consequence of the discovery of the precious metal in California, in which discovery, indeed, certain members of the disbanded "Mormon"Battalion, working their way eastward, were most prominent. Some of the "Mormon"settlers, becoming infected with the

disease, hastened westward, but the counsel of The Church authorities prevailed to keep all but a few at home. They had not left

the country of their birth or adoption to seek gold; nor bright

jewels of the mine; nor the wealth of seas; nor the spoils of war;

they sought, and believed they had found, a faith's pure shrine.

But the goldseekers hastened westward, and the successful miners returning eastward, halted at the "Mormon"settlements; and these

replenished their supplies, leaving their gold in fabulous sums to enrich the people of the desert. But of what use is gold in the

wilderness! The famishing Arab finding a well filled bag upon the

is cast intosand rejoices in the thought of dates—his bread! and

the depths of despair when he realizes that he has found nothing but bags of costly pearls. The settlers by the lake needed horses

and wagons, tools, and instruments of husbandry and building; and

gold was only valuable as it represented a step toward the most desirable of these acquirements, and gold became so plentiful that men refused to take it for their labor. The yellow metal was collected in buckets and exported to the States in exchange for the

goods so much desired. The merchandise brought in by caravans

of "prairie schooners,"was sold as fast as it could be put out; and

strict rules were enforced allowing but a proportionate purchase to each.

Within a few months of the first settlement of Utah, public schools were established; and one of the early acts of the provisional government was to grant a charter to the Deseret University,

now known as the University of Utah.

Up to 1849, Utah had no political history. Settling in a

Mexican province, the contest to determine its future ownership by the United States then in progress, the people in common with most pioneer communities established their own laws of government. But in February, 1848, the treaty of Guadaloupe Hidalgo

gave California to the United States; months passed, however, before the news of the cession reached the West. Early in 1849, a

call was issued to "all the citizens of that portion of Upper CaliTHE STORY OF "MORMONISM."821

fornia lying to the east of the Sierra Nevada Mountains to meet in convention at Great Salt Lake City; and there a petition was

prepared asking of Congress the rights of selfgovernment; and,

pending action, a temporary system was established, under the name of the Provisional Government of the State of Deseret.

"Utah"was not the choice of the people as the name of their state; that word served but to recall the degraded tribes who had

contested the settlement of the valleys. Deseret, a Book of Mormon name for the honey bee, was more appropriate. But their

petition was denied in part, and, in 1850, was established the territorial form of government in Utah. Concerning the period of the

provisional government, such men as Gunnison, Stansbury, and other federal officials on duty in the west, have recorded their praises of the people, in their official reports. But with the new

American system of territorial government came troubles.

At first, many of the territorial officials were appointed from among the settlers themselves, Brigham Young being the first governor; but strangers, who knew not the people nor their ways,

filled with predjudice from the false reports they had heard, came to govern the settlers in the desert. Of the federal appointees

who have been thus forced upon the people of Utah, many have made for themselves most unenviable records.

Some of them were broken politicians, professional officeseekers, with no desire but to make the greatest possible gains from the appointment. With effrontery that would shock the

modesty of a savage, the non-"Mormon"party adopted and flagrantly displayed the carpetbag as the badge of their profession.

But not all the officials sent to Utah from afar were of this type;

some of them were upright and honorable men; and amongst this

class the "Mormon"people reckon a number who were heartily opposed to their principles. But they were sincere and honest

not honor a worthy adversary!foemen—and who would

In the early part of 1857, the published libels upon the people received many heavy additions, the principal of which was the resignation of Judge Drummond, of the Utah federal courts.

In his last letter to the United States attorneygeneral, he declared that his life was no longer safe in Utah, and that he was compelled to flee from his bench; but the most serious charge of

822 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"all was that the people had destroyed the records of the court, and that they had resented, with warlike demonstration, his protests; in short, that justice was dethroned in Utah, and that the

people were in a state of open rebellion. With mails three months

apart, news traveled slowly; but as soon as word of this infamous

charge reached Salt Lake City, the clerk of the court. Judge

Drummond's clerk, sent a letter by express to the attorneygeneral, denying the judge's statements under oath, and attesting the declaration with official seal. The records, he declared, had

been untouched except by official hands, that from the time of the court's establishment the files had been safe, and were then in his personal keeping. But, before the clerk's communication had

reached its destination, so difficult is it for stately truth to overtake flitting falsehood, the mischief had been done. Upon the

most prejudiced reports, utterly unfounded in fact, with a recklessness which even his personal and political friends found no ample means of explaining away. President Buchanan decided

that a rebellion existed in Utah, and ordered an army of over two thousand men to proceed straightway to Utah to repress the disturbance. A successor to the governor and other new officials

were appointed, and the armed force was charged with the duty of installing the foreign appointees.

With great dispatch and under cover of secrecy, that the

Utah rebels might be taken by surprise, the army was marshalled and set on the march. Before the warrior hosts reached the

Rocky Mountains, the letter from the clerk of the supreme court of Utah, denying the charges made by Judge Drummond, became public property; and about the same time men who had come from

Utah to New York direct, published over their own signatures a declaration that all was peaceful in and about the settlements of

Utah. The public eye began to twitch, and soon to open wide;

the conviction was growing that someone had blundered. But, to

retract would be a plain confession of error; blunders must be

covered up.

Let us leave the soldiers on their westward march, and ascertain how the news of the projected invasion of their territory reached the people of Utah, and what effect the tidings produced.

Certain "Mormon"business agents, operating in Missouri, heard of

TEE STORY OF "MORMONISM."823

the hostile movement. At first they were incredulous, but when

the overland mail carrier from the west delivered his pouch and obtained his receipt, but was refused the bag of Utah mail with the postmaster's statement that he had been ordered to hold all mail for Utah, there seemed no room for doubt. Two of the

Utahns immediately hastened westward.

On the 24th of July, 1857, the people had assembled in celebration of Pioneer Day. Silver Lake, a mountain gem set

amidst the snows and forests and towering peaks of the Cottonwoods, had been selected for the festivities. The Stars and Stripes

were streaming above the camp; the bands plajed, the choirs sang;

there were speeches, and picnics, and prayers. Stories were told

of the terrible journeyings on the plains, of the shifts to which the people had been put by the vicissitudes of famine; but these dread

experiences seemed to them now like the dream of a night; on

this day all were happy. Were they not safe from savage foes,

both red and white? There had been peace for a season; and

their desert homes were already smiling in wealth of flower and tree; the wilderness was blossoming under their feet; their consciences were void of offense toward their fellows. And these

people stood charged convicted and sentenced, all unbeknown to themselves, and without the opportunity of speaking a word in defense, of insurrection and treason.

It was at midday, the festivities were at their height, when a party of men rode into camp and sought interview with Governor

Young. Three of them had plainly ridden hard and far

they gave their report; an armed force of thousands was at that

hour approaching the territory; the boasts of officers and men as to

what they would do when they found themselves in "Mormon"towns were reported; and these stories called up, in the minds of

those who heard, the dread scenes of Far West and Nauvoo. Had

they not gone far enough to satisfy the relentless hate of their fellowcitizens of this republic of liberty? They had halted between the civilization of the east and that of the west, they had

fled from the country that refused them a home, and now that country would eject them from their desert lodgings.

A council was callled, the situation was freely discussed. Had

they not seen, lo, these many times, organized batallions and com824 IMPROVEMENT lERA.

panies surpassing the fiendish mobs in their villainy. The evidence

warranted their conclusion that invasion meant massacre. With

a calmness that was terrible, the plan of action was decided upon.

It was the conviction that war was inevitable, and it was decided to resist to the last. Then, if the army forced its way into the

valleys of Utah on hostile purpose bent, it should find the land as truly a desert as it was when the pioneers first took possession.

have built cities in the eastTo this effect was the decision:—We

for our foes to occupy; our very temples have been desecrated,

and destroyed by them; but, with the help of Israel's God, we will

prevent them enriching themselves with the spoils of our labors in these mountain retreats.

There seemed no room for doubt that war was about to break upon them; and with such a prospect, men may be expected to

take every advantage of their situation.

Brigham Young was still governor of Utah; the militia was

subject to his order. Promptly he proclaimed the territory under

martial law, and forbade any armed force to enter its confines.

Echo canyon, the only promising means of ingress, was fortified.

In those defiles, an army might easily be stopped by a few; ammunition stations were established; provisions were cached, boulders were collected upon the cliffs, beneath which the invaders must

pass if they held to their purpose of forcing an entrance. The

people had been roused to desperation, and force was to be met with force. In the settlements, combustibles were placed in readiness, and if the worst came, every "Mormon"house would be reduced to hes, every tree would be hewn down.

With an experience of suffering that would have well served a better cause, this picked detachment of the United States army made its way to the Green River country; and there, counting well

the cost of proceeding farther, they went into camp at Fort

Bridger. Many of the troops had almost perished in the storms,

for it was late in November, and the winter had closed in early;

many horses had frozen to death. Col. Cooke reported to the commandant that half his horses had perished through cold and lack

of food; thousands of beef cattle had died; yet the region was so

wild and forbidding that scarcely a wolf venturedthere to glut itself upon the carcasses. In Cooke's own words we read that for

TEE STORY OF "MORMONISM."825

"thirty miles the road was blocked with carcasses,—and "with

abandoned and shattered property, they mark, perhaps beyond example in history, the steps of an advancing army with the horrors of a disastrous retreat."

With the army traveled the new federal appointees to offices in the territory. Gumming, the governorto-be, issued a proclamation from his dugout lodgings, and sent it to Salt Lake City by

carrier; he signed it as "Governor of Utah Territory."This but

belittled him, for by the very terms of the Organic Act, to uphold which was the purpose of his coming, he was not governor until the oath of office was properly taken. A few days later he went

before his fellowsufferer Eckels, the appointee for chief justice for Utah, and took an oath; but why did he swear so recklessly

when the one before whom he swore was no more an official than himself? The army wintered at a satisfactory distance from Salt

Lake Gity, and such a winter, according to official reports, the soldiers of our land have rarely had to brave. It was soon apparent that they need fear no "Mormon"attack; orders had been

issued to the territorial militia to take no life except in cases of absolute necessity; but Gen. Johnston and his staff had more than

their match in battling with the elements. Gommunications between Gov. Young and the commandant were frequent; safe conduct was assured all and any officers who chose to enter the city;

and if necessary hostages were to be given; but the governor was

inexorable in his demand that, as an organized army bent on destruction, the soldiers should never pass the mountain gateways.

In the meantime, a full account of the situation was reported by

Governor Young to the President of the United States, and the truth slowly made its way into the eastern press. President

Buchanan tacitly admitted his mistake; but to recall the troops at

that juncture would be to confess ignominious defeat.

A peace commissioner, in the person of Golonel Kane, was dispatched to Salt Lake City; his coming being made known to Governor Young, an escort was sent to meet him and conduct him

through the "Mormon"lines. The result of the conference was

that the "Mormon"leaders but reiterated their statement that the

President's appointees would be given safe entry to the city, and be fully installed in their offices, if they would enter without the 826 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

army. This ultimatum was carried to the federal camp; and, ta the

open chagrin of the commandant, Governor Gumming and his fellowofficials moved to Salt Lake Gity under "Mormon"escort, after a five months'halt in the wilderness. I believe that strategy is universally allowed in war, and I am free to say the "Mormons"

availed themselves of this license. At short intervals on their

nightpassage through the canyons, the party was challenged, and the password demanded of them. Bonfires were blazing down in

the gorges, and the impression was made that the mountains were full of warriors; whereas, the sentries were a portion of the escort,

who, preceding by short cuts the main party, continued to challenge and to pass. On their arrival, the gentlemen were met by

the retiring officials, and were pleasantly installed. The new governor called upon the clerk of the court, and ascertained the truth

of the statement that the records were entirely safe. He promptly

reported his conclusions to General Johnston that there was no further need for the army. It was decided, however, that the soldiers should be permitted to march through the city, and straightway the "Mormons"began their exodus to the south.

Governor Gumming tried in vain to induce the people to remain, assuring them that the troops would commit no depredations.

"Not so,"said Brigham Young, "we have had experience with troops in the past, Governor Gumming; have seen our leaders shot

down by the demoralized soldiery; have seen mothers with babes

at their breasts sent to their last home by the same bullet; have

witnessed outrages beyond description. You are now governor of

Utah; we can no longer command the miltia for our own defense.

We do not wish to fight, therefore we depart."Leaving a few

men to apply the brand to the combustibles stored in every house, at the first sign of plunder by the soldiers, the people again deserted their homes and moved into the desert anew.

f To be concluded in next number.)

A VISIT TO THE HOLY LAND.

BY ELDER ANDREAS PETERSON, LATE PRESIDENT OF THE SCANDINAVIAN MISSION.

On the bright and beautiful morning of April 29, 1901, Elder

Charles L. Anderson and I started from Copenhagen, Denmark, on

a journey to the Holy Land, the cradle of faith, intending to visit other lands by the way, great in the ages gone by. Shortly after

ten o'clock, the train began to move, carrying us southerly over the beautiful and fruitful islands of Sjeland and Falster. Taking

steamer from Gedser to Warnemunde, Germany, we found on landing that all nature was beginning to put on her holiday garb.

Boarding the train at Warnemunde, we greatly enjoyed the travel over the vast and fruitful plains of northern Germany, and reached

Berlin at 8:30 p. m.

On the following day, we visited the most prominent places of the city, among others, "Unter den Linden,"a grand boulevard, and "Siegereichen,"the road to victory, a fine alley bordered by thirty marble statues, fourteen on one side, and sixteen on the other, representing the monarchs of Germany, from Albrecht der

Baer, who reigned in the twelfth century, and down to the time of 1861, when William the Great took the reins of government, which he held until his death, in 1888. We ascended the Arch of Victory,

two hundred feet high, from which we obtained a glorious view of the magnificent city in all directions.

We continued our journey from Berlin to Dresden in Saxony, where we visited the fine art gallery, one of the best in the world.

Traveling via Vienna, Austria, through Hungary, we beheld in

Banhida, on the east side of the road, on a hill, a very large 828 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

statue in the shape of a black eagle, with outstretched wings.

It was erected in 1898, in memory of Hungary's freedom from Turkey, one thousand years ago. We proceeded on our

journey via Budapest, Hungary, Belgrade, in Servia, and Sophia, in Bulgaria, reaching Constantinople, May 6. During the following three days, we had ample opportunity to see the most important sights of this remarkable city, with its 880,000 inhabitants.

We enjoyed very much our visit to St. Sophia, called Ayiah Sofia by

the Turks, which is one of the main attractions, and was originally a basilica, first built by Constantino the Great,A.D. 326. It was named

by him the Church of St. Sophia. (Holy Wisdom.) The edifice has

been restored from the partial destruction which had come upon it at various times. In the sixth century, it was rebuilt at a cost of

about five million dollars. Gold alone was not thought good enough

for the altar, which was therefore made of a combination of gems set in silver and gold. The building contains nearly all kinds of

known marble, comprising the green from Laconia, the white, blackveined Bosporus marble, the white Phrygian with its pink streaks, with others from Asia Minor and Egypt. The columns, all

of marble, number one hundred and seven in all, of which sixtyseven are in the galleries. We took passage on a small steamer

from the Galatian Bridge, which connects Stambula and Galatia, over the Golden Horn, over the Bosporus to Skutari, on the Asiatic side.

Here we ascended Mount Bulgurlu, which rises eight hundred and fifty feet above the sea, from which place a splendid view is had of the city, the Bosporus, the Sea of Marmora, the valleys of Thrace, and the valleys and mountains of central Asia Minor.

On Thursday evening, the 9th, we boarded the French steamer

Congo, arriving on the following afternoon in Smyrna. Several

passengers went ashore, and we had excellent opportunities for observing the sights of that renowned city, after which we continued the journey down the Archipelago. On Saturday the 11th,

at 6 p. m., we passed the Isle of Patmos, which is located about

forty miles off the coast of Asia Minor. The captain very generously located the isle, and invited Elder Anderson and myself to

use his elegant spyglass, through which we had a complete view of the famous land where John the Revelator wrote to the seven churches of Asia, and had opened to him the glorious visions of the

A VISIT TO THE HOLY LAND. 829

past, present and future. On Monday morning, the 13th, we

reached Beyroot, on the east coast of the Mediterranean Sea. This

City occupies a considerable part of the south side of St. George's

Bay, which looks towards the north. The new harbor is small, and

has no good mooringquay; hence, most steamers anchor in the

open sea, and passengers are landed in small boats, and! what a

scramble on the part of those boatmen to get opportunities to land the passengers! Beyroot is the most important commercial port of

Syria, and from it is exported large quantities of raw silk and cocoons, olive oil, licorice, cotton, fruits of various kinds, cattle and goats. The city, with a population of about eightyfive thousand people, has a very fine location, and is surrounded by luxurious gardens, in which even palms are growing. Beyond the gardens, the mountains rise abruptly, overtopped by snowclad summits 8,500 feet high. They are furrowed by several deep ravines,

but are cultivated to a considerable height. The rosy tint of the

mountains, contrasted with the beautiful, deepblue waters of the

Mediterranean, presents a picturesque scene, especially by the mellow light of evening. From Beyroot, we proceeded to Damascus by rail. The road winds its way over mount Lebanon, its highest point being four thousand eight hundred and eighty feet, from

which elevation we enjoyed magnificent views; to the west, Beyroot

and the Mediterranean; east, AntiLebanon; southeast, Mt. Hermon, which towers majestically nine thousand five hundred feet

over the sea. Coming to ElMu'allaka, in El Bika or CoeleSyria,

a very large and fruitful valley between Lebanon and AntiLeba- non, we took carriage twentyfour miles north to Baalbek. A short

distance from Mu'allaka, on the west side of the road, is seen the traditional tomb of the Prophet Noah. Baalbek is noted for the

ruins of the Temple of the Sun, Jupiter, and Venus. We returned

from Baalbek to Mu'allaka, from which latter place we continued by train over AntiLebanon, thence down the eastern slopes, viewing some very romantic scenes. A few miles from Damascus, we

come to the source of Abana, or, as it was called formerly by the

Greeks, the golden stream. Farther down, the river Pharfar

joins Abana, but before reaching Damascus the river divides, and the pne stream to the right, Abana, runs through the city, and on the east side Pharfar joins Abana again.

830 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Damascus lies on the west margin of the great Syrian plains, which at this time, in May, are beautiful indeed. To the south,

over the plains, are seen the mountains of Haran, where Abraham and Lot once dwelt. It is believed by some, though this theory

like many other announcements in this land must be taken with much allowance, that Damascus was founded by Shem, the son of

Noah, hence, it is the oldest city in the world, and surely the manners of a great many of the people in the city indicate a very ancient origin. We went all through the street called Strait; and

the supposed house of Judas, which exists in part, was pointed out to us in which"Saul (Paul) was praying (see Acts 9.) We also

visited the house of Ananias, where he received a vision from the

Lord regarding Saul; saw the wall in the south side of the city,

which is pointed out as the one which Paul went over, and was let down in a basket by some disciples. Even the ruins of the house,

which belonged to Naaman, the captain of the host of the king of

Syria, is still to be seen, on the east side of the city. Damascus

has a population of one hundred and fifty thousand. The citizens

follow various vocations; it is reported that about ten thousand

looms, of the most primitive character, are in operation for the weaving of silk, cotton, and woollen stuffs, which are often of great beauty. The country between Damascus and Jerusalem

possesses many places of great interest to Bible readers and believers, but in order to see them all, the tourist must travel on horseback. Hence we made a contract with a professional guide

to conduct us over the road over which, it is said that Paul traveled. On Friday morning, May 17, we mounted Arabian steeds,

and began the journey. About four miles southwest from

Damascus, we passed the place where, it is said, the Lord spoke to

Paul, and told him to go to Damascus and there learn what to do.

(See Acts 9:6). For two days, we traveled along the slopes of Hermon, over mountainous ridges and deep ravines; in many places, the

pathway is very precipitous. On Saturday evening, the 18th, we

came to Baniyas, in the north end of the valley of Merom. Here

at the foot of Mount Hermon is the source of the River Jordan.

Continuing the journey, on the west side of the plains or valley of

Merom, and passing by Lake Merom, in the south end. of

the valley, we saw the place where Jacob met his brother Esau.

A VISIT TO THE HOLY LAND. 831

(See Gen. 33: 4.) We visited Capernaum, by the north end of the

Sea of Galilee, and went along the north and northwest shores, over the ruins of Chorazin and Bethsaida. (See Matt. 11: 2123.)

"We went by the little village, on the west shore, where Mary Magdalene was born, and from there, over the mountains, via Cana in

Galilee, to Nazareth, the city in which the Savior spent his boyhood days.

Nazareth is situated in a basin on the south slope of the

JebelesSikh, a limestone formation. The appearance of the city,

especially in the spring of the year, when its dazzling white walls are embosomed in a green framework of cactushedges, fig and olive trees, is very pleasing. The population is reported to be ten

thousand. Here was pointed out to us the rock cavern in which

the angel announced the birth of the Savior to the Virgin Mary, and also the workshop of Joseph, her husband; also the synagogue

where Jesus once preached, a very ancient structure. On the

22nd, we left Nazareth for Mount Tabor, on which the transfiguration occurred, according to the belief of some. The legend, however attached itself to this, the most conspicuous mountain in Galilee, (2,018 feet above the sea) and, as early as the end of the sixth

century, three churches had been erected there, in memory of the three tabernacles, which Peter proposed making for Jesus, Moses and Elias. (Mark 9: 5.) We found two monasteries on the top

of the mount, one Greek and one Latin, each claiming to be on the identical spot where the trans Sguration occurred. The view

from Mount Tabor is very extensive. To the northeast, in the

extreme distance, is visible the blue chains of the mountains of

Haran. To the far west, rises Mt. Carmel; and in the extreme

north, presides the majestic Hermon. Below, to the south, are

seen Endor, where the witch was encouraged by Saul (see I Sam.

28:8-10), and Nain, where the widow, when her son was dead,

heard the consoling words of the Savior, ''Weep not."(See Luke

7:13.) After descending Tabor, we crossed the large and

extensive valley or plain of Jezreel, which extends from the

Mediterranean, in the west, to the River Jordan, in the east. The

place where Gideon chose three hundred men, who lapped water like dogs, and with whom the Midianites were delivered into his hands, was shown us. (See Judg. 7: 5.) We then passed over the

832 IMPROVEMENT ERA,

mountains of Gilboa, also the plains of Dothan, where Joseph wassold by his brothers, (see Gen. 37: 1728) via Nabulus, (Shechem).

A short distance east from Nabulus, we saw Jacob's well and

Joseph's grave. We went by Bethel, where Jacob had the dream

in which he beheld a ladder reaching to heaven, on which angels were ascending and descending, (see Gen. 28: 1219) and came

to Jerusalem, on Friday evening, the 24th of May.

Jerusalem is situated on a somewhat sterile plateau of limestone, which is connected towards the north with the main range of the mountains of Palestine; and it also lies on the road leading from

north to south, through the lofty central region of the country, and nearly following the watershed. The city lies 31 47'north latitude,

and 35 15'longitude east of Greenwich, thirtytwo miles from the

Mediterranean, and fourteen miles from the Dead Sea. The population numbers sixty thousand, and consists of Jews, Greeks, Armenians, Ethiopians, Syrians, Moslems, Arabs, and Africans; the

Jews, however, being in the majority.

Among numerous places of note which we visited in the city are: Calvary and the Holy Sepulchre. A church, called the Holy

Sepulchre, is erected over these places. It is most beautifully

adorned with gold and silver and gems, costing many millions. The

Mosque of Omar, erected on the grounds where the Temple of

Solomon once stood, is a very costly edifice, beautifully decorated;

Mount Zion, in the southern part of the city is very interesting to visit and to study. We went into the Garden of Gethsemane, at

the foot of the Mount of Olives. The Garden is kept in a fine condition, but a visit to the place makes the heart sigh, as one reflects

upon the condition in which the Savior was found when he went there to pray. We ascended the Mount of Olives, which lies east

from Jerusalem, It has an elevation of two thousand seven hundred and twentythree feet above the sea; the slopes are to some

extent cultivated; the principal trees are olive and fig. Viewed

from the Mount of Olives, on a pleasant day, Jerusalem presents a very handsome and most beautiful appearance. It was from this

mount, the Mount of Olives, that the Savior of mankind, after his resurrection, ascended into heaven, and the promise is that in a day to come, to this place will he return in power and great glory.

A visit to Bethlehem is also of great interest. On the right side

A VISIT TO THE HOLY LAND. 833

of the road going, is seen the tomb of Rachel; likewise other

places of note are pointed out. After about an hour's ride, Bethlehem, situated two thousand five hundred and fifty feet above the

level of the sea, is reached. We visited among other places there, the

church of St. Mary, also called the church of the Nativity, erected

over the traditional birthplace of Christ. This is the joint property

of the Greeks, Latins and Armenians. We were shown the alleged

place where Jesus was born, and also his cradle; likewise the place

where Joseph was told in a dream to go to Egypt with his wife,

Mary, and the child, Jesus, all of which interested me very much.

To Jericho, as well as to Bethelem, there is a good carriage road. To Jericho, however, three horses are needed, as the road in

many places is steep. Going there, via Bethany, we saw the tomb

of Lazarus, and farther on, the Apostle's Springs. We continued

on by the Khan which tradition localizes as the place of the parable of the Good Samaritan. Closer to Jericho, we saw from a hill,

in a deep ravine, the brook and place where for a time the Prophet

Elijah was fed by ravens. Coming down into the valley of

Jordan, we went to the ancient Jericho, ruins now, which lies by the springs at the foot of the hill of Karantel, to the northwest of modern Jericho. We saw the spring, Elisha's well, whose waters

were healed by the prophet casting salt into the spring. (II Kings

2:21.) We took a picture of the well. We then went to the Dead

Sea and took a very enjoyable bath. The water is very salt, and

a person may float on it very nicely. Thence, we proceeded to the

place where the Israelites crossed the river Jordan, and returned to modern Jericho, via Gilgal. From Jericho, we see the Mount

of Temptation to the northwest, and, over the fine valley to the eastsoutheast, the mountains of Nebo, and the summit of Pisgah, from which Moses beheld the promised land. The Dead Sea, according to reports, is fortyseven miles long and its greatest

breadth is nine and one half miles; greatest depth, one thousand

three hundred and ten feet. The level of the Dead Sea below the

level of the Mediterranean is one thousand two hundred and ninetytwo feet. The height of Jerusalem above the Mediterranean is

two thousand four hundred and ninetyfour feet, hence the height of Jerusalem above the Dead Sea is three thousand seven hundred and eightysix feet, and the Mount of Olives is four thousand and 834 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

fifteen feet above the level of the Dead Sea. A grand view it is

from the Mt. of Olives, over the mountain, and a part of the Dead

Sea. After a more than three hours'ride on the railroad from

Jerusalem, we came to Joppa, which lies on the east coast of the

Mediterranean. The surrounding plains of Joppa are the most

beautiful and fruitful in the land of Judea. The city has a population of about thirtyfive thousand, the majority being Mohammedans. We visited the place where Tabitha was raised from the

dead by Peter the apostle. (Acts 9: 41.) Her tomb which is also

there, we saw. We went to Simon the tanner's house, where

Peter had the vision. (Acts 10: 11, 12.) The house, however,

let it be known, has been rebuilt, but it had a flat roof, on which we stood, and we also drank water from Simon's well, which water is very good. The land of Palestine has an area of eleven thousand square miles, over which I have had the pleasure to travel

from the extreme north, to Bethlehem in the south; from the

river Jordan, east, to the Mediterranean, in the west. Thus I

have had a lifelong desire realized, for which I am happy indeed;

and I must say that the experience which I have thus gained, and the sights seen, shall always be treasured fondly in my recollection, as pearls of great price gathered from the shores of the ocean of life.

LIFE AND AFTER.

What is this world? A dream within a dream—as we grow

older each step is an awakening. The youth awakes as he thinks

from fullgrown man despises the pursuits of youth childhood—the

as old man looks on manhood as a feverish dream. visionary—the

The grave the last sleep?—no; it is the last—SirandWalterfinal awakening.Scott.

THE ANGEL OF THE TENEMENT.

BY MISS SARA WHALEN, TEACHER IN THE STATE SCHOOL FOR

THE BLIND, OGDEN, UTAH.

"Annie of Tharaw, my true love of old.

She is my life, and my goods, and my gold.

Then come the wild weather, come sleet or come snow,

We will stand by each other, however it flow.

What e'er I have bidden thee thou hast obeyed.

Whatever forbidden thou hast not gainsaid.

It is this, my Annie, my heart's sweetest rest.

That makes of us twain but one soul in breast."

It was hot in New York City, hot is the only word that expresses it, the mercury having been playing around the 100 mark for some time, and the people were sweltering, some, in truth, dying.

From the elevated road one could look into the upper stories of the tenement houses and see the misery and squalor there, which was revealed through open doors and windows. As the

train sped along, there was first to be seen a poor woman lying sick in bed and panting for the want of fresh air, then children crying and fretting in the pentup atmosphere, and further on, a tiny piece of humanity stretched on the floor half asleep, with the flies buzzing around it. Some of the little ones were naked,

or nearly so, and all in a state bordering on despair at the longcontinued hot wave.

Alex Brinton, with his sweet wife Annie, occupied a few rooms in one of these tall houses; and, time and again, Annie's

tender heart ached to see the children suffering, and so it finally occurred to her that sTae might give them a brief respite from 836 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

their misery. Alex was poor but very industrious, and he had

brought his young wife as a bride from the interior of the state to reside in one of those lofty tenements; and, although Annie

was not entirely pleased with the life, still, as a devoted wife, she said nothing, trusting that time and the Spirit of the Lord would wean her husband from his great love for the city.

When she had thought out her plan in regard to the children, she ventured to divulge it to Alex.

"0, my love,"she said, during one of the hottest evenings that had prevailed in that section, "I feel so sorry for the poor, dear children in this house; how they are suffering. You should

have seen the little Scott girl, during the morning, sitting by the window, with her thin, bare arms resting on the sill, and her head hanging halfway out as she tried to catch a breath of fresh air from the bay. And her mother tells me that the little thing stayed

in that position all night, halfdozing, until the noise of the drays and the bustle of business woke her fully to the consciousness of another hot day. It is truly pitiful, and do you not think, Alex,

it would be a good plan for me to take the children to Madison

Square for a day? It is only nine blocks, and I know a nice bakery

near Union Square where I could get some cookies for them; and

when we reach Madison Square, we can get some cool water from the fountain there, you know the one I spoke to you about; it is

not the Croton water, but a delicious spring bubbling from the earth. I walk that far nearly every day just to take a drink of that

water. It reminds me so of my own home in the country, and it is

so different from the Croton water which I do not relish very much. Then I could bring them back to Fleis chmann's place, and

let them look in at the green garden there. Mr. Fleischmann deserves well of his fellowbeings for keeping that little spot so green

in the midst of this city of brick and stone. Then we could walk

to St. Paul's churchyard, which is a cool spot, and, going down to

the foot of Wall Street, we could cross on the ferry where they could, for a few minutes, get a breath of air from the river. Now,

after the day in Madison Square and the ride on the ferry, I think they would feel better. I should like to do more for them, but I

realize our circumstances."

He made no comment until his wife had finished detailing her

THE ANGEL OF THE TENEMENT. 837

plan, when, with a heart full of emotion, he exclaimed: "I wish I

could afford to take you into a better part of the city, Annie, this life is too sad for you, sweetheart."

"No, no,"she insisted, "I do not care now, but if ever the stork should bring a child to our door, Alex, remember what I have always said, that the child should not be brought up in New

York City."

It hurt her a little to make this assertion to her husband, as she knew how his heart was wrapped up in the events of the great city. Bred as he had been in the very heart of it, every fiber of

his being clung to it, and it would cause quite a heartwrench to tear him away from it.

"Just as you like,"he replied, repeating to her the couplet:

"Annie of Tharaw, my light and my sun.

The threads of our two lives are woven in one."

"But remember, my dear, I would not go down near the Battery. I

have cautioned you about that several times."

"I never go there,"she answered.

The next day, while going to his work, he pondered over the plan of his wife, and thought what a loving and true wife she was;

and his heart swelled in sympathy with her endeavor to brighten even for only one day, the lives of those little ones, and so unconsciously was she exerting an ennobling influence over those with whom she came in contact.

After getting a seat in the Fulton Street ferry, which was usually crowded in the early morning, he drew from his pocket a little book which contained gems of the most beautiful thoughts, and these he read and reread until the boat reached her slip on the opposite shore. Although bred in the midst of vice and

misery, although poor and oblig,d to work day by day for his daily bread, nevertheless, Alex Brinton found time in the midst of a busy life to read from the little book, which he always carried, some gem to enhance bis daily living. Whether on a crowded

Broadway omnibus or a downtown ferry, he always found a few minutes'time to store up the thought in his mind, and how little perhaps, did he realize that while making those thoughts a part of himself, incorporating those gems into his very being, he could, and did, transmit to future generations the power and vigor of 838 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

mind which makes for a''more beautiful manhood and womanhood.

Annie Brinton, upon approaching the mothers in the block, learned that she had to convince them, first, that she was earnest in her desire, and then that she did not mean to do any harm to them. The poor, suspicious mothers, reared in an atmosphere of

imposition, could scarcely credit the fact that the sweet lady intended to do them no harm. And, like mothers of all ages and

conditions, they were afraid lest some harm might befall their offspring.

"Do you raley mane it, ye swate crature?"asked Mrs. O'Halloran, as she paused in the midst of her weekly washing and

wiped the perspiration from her face. "Here, take a sate, me lady,"

she continued, dusting off a chair with her apron for the lady to sit on. "It is just this way: Me husband, Pat, is that bizzy, he

niver gits toime to take the childer anywhar, why we see him that scarce the childer hardly know him when he comes home, but take him for a stranger, lady, now, wud ye belave me? He has to

go airly on Monday mornin'and he niver gets back until so late in the night that the little ones are in bed. Poor dears! And ye

raley mane it, bless yer swate face? Well, thin, I'll have them

ready for ye, betimes in the mornin', and I know they'll enjoy theirselves, and may the Lord bless ye for it."

On visiting a mother on the top floor of the building, whom she found out, as she had to clean a big office buildingiand could not return until it was late, Annie waited, and againwas her tender heart torn with anguish to see the poverty and misery in the midst of all the wealth of the vast city. Although she had

very little squeamishness about her, still she felt impelled to shrink away from the corners of the room where dirt abounded, and gather up her dainty skirts from contact with the insects which infested the place. The mother, a stalwart Pole, doomed |to work

outside all day to gain a scanty living for her family, at last arrived, and Annie made known her errand. The woman could

speak very little English, but she at last comprehended the fact that her children were not to be kidnapped but taken to the park for a day, and she consented.

"We toil, we groan—the cry for love

Mounts upward from this seething city;

THE ANGEL OF TEE TENEMENT. 889

And yet, I know we have above A Father, infinite in pity."

When everything was in readiness, she started out with her motley crew; for, in many instances, they were bedecked like

Joseph of old with coats of many colors; and as for shoes, some

had odd pairs and some had none at all. But they were all happy,

for were they not going out with the "nice"lady? And even if

some of them had walked through Madison Square, they had never spent a day there, and had a "party;"and some of them, indeed, had never seen the place. True to the plan of arrangements, a stop was made at the bakery to get the cookies, which

purchase pleased the little party almost as much as going for the day. But it was the fact of being taken, of having some one to

whom they could appeal, that enhanced the day's enjoyment; since,

in many instances, these children, mere babes themselves, had the care and responsibility of younger ones upon their shoulders, until they were old long before their time. To many it may seem a

trifling thing, and perhaps of not enough consequence, to arrange a day's outing in the simplest way for children, but we should all remember that the heart of a child is easily reached and matters which seem slight to us are big with importance to them.

Annie Brintons, in the person of father, mother, elder brother, and sister, followers of the meek and lowly Jesus, may arise in any part of our broad land and arrange a simple entertainment for their fellowcreatures. Such a kindness will ofttimes touch the

heart of the recipients where a more elaborate one would not.

The day was enjoyed very much by the children. It was one

of the green spots in their memory, and when they returned that evening, tired from the trip, their rest was better, even if it was taken in a hot tenement of a hot city.

It would not be true to state that Annie did not find considerable to do that day, but she did it with a brave heart, and it is to her the following lines have a deep meaning:

"For the right, then, be thou steadfast,

Though thou labor without meed;

Thy reward shall be the knowledge.

Thou hast done a noble deed."

SOME PROPERTIES OF SOILS.

BY DR. JOHN A. WIDTSOE, DIRECTOR EXPERIMENT STATION, STATE

AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE, LOGAN, UTAH.

When the earth was young, as we believe today, there was no soil upon its surface. The first mountain that was lifted above the

waters, was bare and bleak, and reflected upon its hard, glistening surface the first rays of the new sun. Soon, however, the face

of the mountain began to be warmed by the sun's heat; it expanded and probably cracked by the new warmth; and into the

tiny cracks, the gases of the air, the oxygen and the carbon dioxide, crept, and made the cracks wider and deeper. Soon the intersecting cracks resulted in tlie splitting off of small rock fragments; and before the mountain had been exposed above the waters

many years, it was covered with a thin layer of rockpieces that the sun, the water and the air had caused to crumble from the original face of the rock. Thus came the first soil. As the years

wore away, this process of crumbling continued, and the soil became deeper and deeper. The rains came and washed the loose

soil into the hollows and lowlying places. Thus it came that valleys and hollows have deep soil, while the soil on the mountain

sides is usually thin.

Most of these early soils, in the process of time, were changed into rock again; indeed, many of the rocks that are exposed in the

canyons are simply soils that have been hardened by various geological agencies. It may be that rocks thus formed from soils

were again converted into soils, and it is not impossible that this process was repeated over and over again. In any case, however,

SOME PROPERTIES OF SOILS. 841

soils have been formed by the disintegration of rocks through the activities of the air, the water, and, in a small degree, of living things.

The rocks found upon the earth, with reference to their relationship to soil formation, may be divided into three great classes. First, there are numerous rocks which are very rich in

the substance called silica. This substance is not acted upon, to

any marked extent, by the ordinary, natural agencies, and in the process of soil formation, remains undissolved as sand. Quartzites

and various crystalline rocks are examples of rocks that furnish sandy soils. Another class of rocks contains but a very small

amount of silica which is usually in combination with other substances. When such rocks decompose, heavy clay soils result.

The rocks that produce the heaviest clay soils are the shales, slates, and basic crystalline rocks. The third class of rocks, important in soil formation, is limestone. The limestone may be

mixed with silica or with clay, yet soils that contain a large quantity of limestone always possess peculiar characteristics.

In classifying soils, note is first taken of the amount of clay and of sand that they contain. A soil that contains 75 per cent

of sand is said to be a sandy soil; one that contains 75 per cent

of clay is a clayey soil; a soil with 50 per cent clay and 50 per

cent sand is called a loam. When the amount of sand is more

than 50 per cent and less than 75 per cent and the remainder of the soil is clay, a sandy loam is produced. If the clay ranges between 50 per cent and 75 per cent, and the remainder is sand, the

soil is said to be a clayey loam.

An'ordinary clay soil, especially if it is wet, is very heavy to work. A sandy soil, on the other hand, is easily worked under all

conditions. If now it happens that a heavy clay soil is mixed

of limestone, thewith a large percent (10 per cent—30 per cent)

properties of the clay are at once changed, and it behaves in every way as an easily worked loam. It is this peculiar action of

limestone that makes necessary a special group for limesoils in the classification of agricultural soils.

Another class of soils of particular interest to all who live in an arid district is the alkali soils. These are soils that contain

a large excess of soluble materials that at times rise to the sur842 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

face and make it impossible for plants to thrive. When rocks are

broken down and changed into soil, a portion is so changed as to become soluble in water. In a district where much rain falls, this

soluble portion is washed into the country drainage, and finds its way into the ocean. In a district of scanty rainfall, like Utah,

the rains wash the alkali some few feet into the soil, whence it is again brought up as the water evaporates from the soil.

Another class of soils possesses properties almost opposite to those of alkali soils. These soils have been formed on forest floors

or other places where a large quantity of vegetable matter is always decaying. The characteristic property of soils formed under such conditions is the presence of large quantities of humus

and organic matter. The vegetable mould found in our canyons

is an excellent example of this class of soils. The large excess

of decaying organic matter tends to make these soils sour, and thus unfit for plant growth. Mixed with a portion of mineral

soil, they become exceptionally productive. In many parts of

Europe, soils very rich in vegetable mould are dug out into small cubes, sometimes pressed, and sold for fuel under the name of peat.

The classes of soils, of particular importance to the farmer, are soils, clay soils, loams, limestone soils, alkali therefore,—sandy

soils, and vegetable mould.

Soils are of fundamental value to mankind, as it is upon them that plant life largely depends for its existence, and it is upon the vegetable kingdom that the animal kingdom and man depend for life. In every system of rational political philosophy, the wealth,

health and happiness of a people are traced back to the readiness with which the soil may be made to yield products useful to man.

Now, all soils are not equal in the facilities that they offer for plant little, and then have growth—some need only to be stirred a

seed scattered upon them to yield well; others must be tilled according to costly and complex systems to produce only fair crops.

These differences are in the soils themselves, and can not as a rule be modified to any extent by man.

First, the soil is the storehouse of plant food. The plant, in

order to prosper, must receive from the soil eight different substances, namely: nitric acid, sulphuric acid, phosphoric acid,

SOME PROPERTIES OF SOILS. 843

potash, lime, magnesia, oxide of iron, and water. Nearly all soils

upon the earth's surface contain variable quantities of these materials: but in some, the amounts are so small that the needs of the

plants are not supplied; in other cases, the essential plant foods

are locked up in such insoluble forms that the plant roots cannot dissolve them quickly enough to supply the needs of the growing plant. To show the amounts of some of the essential plant foods

that may be present in a fair agricultural soil, consider the following analysis. A soil from a farm yielding good crops was examined, and it was found that every acre to the depth of one foot

contained: Potash, 71,100 pounds; lime, 16,500 pounds; magnesia, 26,700 pounds; iron oxide, 150,600; phosphoric acid, 5,100.

All these constituents were so combined with other substances as to be partly unavailable for plants. In fact the ame soil was

studied with reference to the quantities of available plant food that it contained. The result showed that one acre to a depth of

one foot contained only the following amounts of available plant food materials: potash, 660 pounds; lime, 7,650 pounds; magnesia,

1,710 pounds; iron oxide, 3,600 pounds; phosphoric acid, 90

pounds.

In other words: Of the total amount of potash in the soil,

less than onehundredth is of value to plants; of the lime, less

than onehalf; of the magnesia, about sevenhundred ths; of the

iron oxide, about twohundredths, and of the phosphoric acid, less than twohundredths. What a farmer should know, therefore,

concerning the composition of the soil of his farm is not how much plant food it contains, but how much available plant food is found in it. This is one of the most difficult problems that the

chemist has to solve.

It is also a wellknown fact that plants do not require the same proportion of the different plant foods. Sugar beets, for

instance, feed heavily on potash and lime; lucern prefers potash;

and wheat consumes a large quantity of phosphoric acid. Usually

a plant which needs potash in large amounts, is able to extract potash more easily from the soil, than can a plant whose main dependence is phosphoric acid. Thus it happens that a soil contains more or less available plant food according to the crop which

is grown on it.

844 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Utah soils, with very few exceptions, are very rich in all of the necessary plant foods; and an unusually large proportion of the

plant foods is in an available condition. The soils of the state are

characterized by an abundance of lime and potash, together with a sufficiency of phosphoric acid and the other necessary plant foods. They are deficient at times in nitric acid, which, by following the results of recent science, may be added to the soil

with no outlay to the farmer. More ideal soil conditions than

those we have in Utah can hardly be imagined.

Now, the chemical composition of a soil is not the only important consideration for crop production. Every welltilled field

is the home of countless millions of low forms of life that are busily engaged in producing a large crop of lucern, wheat or sugar beets for the farmer. In the fall, the stubble from the wheat, or

the fallen leaves and stalks of the lucern, or the leaves of the beets, begin to decay and disappear. It is a familiar fact that the

high "headerstubble"on our dry farms disappears completely in one winter or at the most in two. In this process, bacteria play

a very important part. As soon as the fall rains moisten the soil

and the stubble, especially if fall plowing be practiced, numberless bacteria settle on the stubble and the leaves, and begin the work of decomposition. The work is carried on until the cold of

the winter compels the little workers to cease. Early in the

spring the work is resumed, and soon the residues of last year's crop have been converted into a fine black humus that the farmer works into the soil by means of the plow and harrow. The humus

thus produced tends to make the insoluble portions of the soil soluble and fit for plant use, and it contains in itself much available plant food; it is therefore a very desirable substance to have

in the soil. Other bacteria, as has been explained in an earlier

article, settle on the roots of lucern, and gather nitrogen from the air, and make a large crop possible. At the same time, these

nitrogeneating bacteria furnish to our soil the only substance in which they are sometimes deficient, namely, nitric acid. Then, still

other bacteria take hold of the humus, and convert the nitrogen it contains into the desirable nitric acid; others seize upon the

potash and prepare that for the use of the plant. The soil must

not be looked upon as a dead, inert mass. It is full of life and

SOME PROPERTIES OF SOILS. 845

living things. Among the minute grains of soil are tiny laboratories, with tinier workers, where wonderful, mysterious changes

are wrought, which bring to man the sense of his impotency, and of the vagueness of his little store of knowledge.

Sunshine, falling on the soil, is the active agent in promoting the conditions that result in proper plant growth. Sunshine,

alone, could not accomplish this work \vere it not for a number of allies that are constantly active. Chief among these is the soil

water. In a country where the rainfall is slight and the sunshine

is abundant, the presence or absence of water becomes the determining factor in the yield of a crop. Now, the water that falls

upon a soil may be made to do more or less good according to the nature of the soil and the treatment which is given it. The soil

is made up of small rock particles that lie close together, pretty much like marbles in a bag. Between them are open spaces into

which the water passes when the rain falls upon the ground. The

force of gravity causes the water to sink downward until only a thin film of water envelopes each soil grain. When the grains are

large, the amount of water so held will be small; while with small

soil grains the amount will be large. Sandy soils, for example, are

composed of grains that are more than.01 of an inch in diameter; the majority of the grains of a clay soil have a diameter less

than.005 of an inch. The amount of water that may be held as

a thin film around the grains of a sandy soil seldom equals more than 17 per cent of the weight of the soil; but a clay soil may

easily hold 35 per cent. These waterholding properties of a soil

are of great importance to the farmer, for they determine how much water will remain in a soil after a rain, or an irrigation, and how much will drain away and be lost to the plant.

The treatment that the soil receives, conditions also in part the amount of water it will take up. If the upper eight to twelve inches

are cultivated well, the water will soak into the ground easily;

while, if the surface is packed hard, most of the water*will run off.

This is recognized by many wise farmers, who plow their lands in the fall so that the rains and snow of the fall and winter will have a chance to soak into the soil, and be stored there for the use of next season's crop.

After a rain, or an irrigation, when the water has arranged 846 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

itself as a capillary film around the soil grains, an upward movement of the water begins. The sun heats the surface of the soil,

and evaporates some of the water in the upper soil layers; tha

water film lower down then tries to send some of the water upward to replace that which has been evaporated; this, in turn, is

evaporated; and thus the process is repeated, over and over,. until

all the water in the soil has been evaporated into the air. Soil

water, to assist in producing crops, must be taken into the structures of the plants, and the evaporation of the soil moisture, just described, represents a loss to the farmer. To check evaporation

he, therefore, cultivates or stirs the upper few inches of the land thoroughly. This breaks the film of soil moisture, and allows the

stirred portion to dry out, but at the same time it forms a blanket through which the water, lower down, cannot escape. This fact

was discovered some twenty years ago; and it is one of the farreaching principles of soil treatment. The consideration of the

relation of the soil to water is an extensive and important one, and it is not possible to deal with it thoroughly in this sketch.

To deal fully with the properties of the soil, the atmosphere found among the soil grains should be considered; also, the influence of color, weight, subsoil, inclination, etc., upon power of

land to produce plants. These are fascinating subjects that every

young man of Utali, who labors on the farm all or part of hi& time, should make it his pride to know.

The soil represents a complex problem for the investigator.

The changes that take place in it, are of the subtlest kind. The

world is waiting for some mighty minds to unravel the mysteries that the soil has in hiding. The paths and motions of the stars

that are hung in the sky are well known; but the motions of the

moisture in the soil baflle the endeavors of the keenest students of the age. Much concerning the soil is known, but incomparably more will be known as the world advances.

BERNARD PALISSY.

AN IMPERSONATION.

BY WILLIAM A. HYDE, PRESIDENT OF THE POCATELLO STAKE OF ZION.

I was born upon the earth in the year 1509, and now, after an absence from the midst of its inhabitants for 315 years, I am called, by a fellowbeing, to teach tonight the lesson of my life.

It is a pleasure for me to know that I have lived so long, and am in the mind of one at least. It is a fortunate thing that the

lives of evil or incapable men soon go out, and become as if they had not been, so far as their influence on the world is felt; and

fortunate that good deeds, noble thoughts, and persevering lives, always live to bless mankind.

Mine is the lesson of perseverance; and do not impute to me

egotism when I say that there is no more forcible one in the pages of all your histories. The incidents of my life, even now,

after so long a removal from earth's turmoil, are vivid upon my memory, as though scorched and burned there.

My childhood's home was the pleasantest region on earth, amid the sunshine and flowers and smiles of balmy, southern France.

My parents were poor, and gave me for a heritage only a strong, healthy body; a happy, hopeful disposition, and a will that stood always my trusted servant. I did not have advantages in education

as you of today have; I had no other books than heaven and earth,

which are open to all; but to these great tutors, I applied myself

with zeal, and many lessons of value, they taught me. From earth,

848 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

and the beauties and glories of nature, I learned for myself, byobservation, the fundamental truths upon which all books are written. The stars gave me some of their secrets, and their

truths; and from beyond their lights, the spirit that permeates the

world—the life and source of knowledge—came into my soul to

fire my ambitions to noble purposes and great ends.

So I went into the world, not armed with a shallow education, but with a few great truths and high ideals, and with a heavenimplanted hope, an unconquerable desire to make of myself a man to be known and honored.

The bent of my mind was artistic, and I imitated the lines and colors of nature with my poor facilities, until I had mastered the rudiments of drawing, and knew something of coloring. While

engaged in this study, I also learned reading and writing.

My home being in the vicinity of some glass works, I applied the knowledge gained of art practically to glass painting, and, in the intervals of my labors in this direction, gained also some knowledge of the science of land measuring. But the glass trade

was a decaying one, and I could see no future in it for me. So,

at the age of eighteen, I turned my face to the world, and asked the question, "What have you for me?"

Over the threshold of a new life, I passed, to put my small powers and weak forces in competition with the mighty world; to

conquer? Oh, how I hoped it;—to be defeated? The young, brave

heart need never ask that question!

I traveled eastward toward Gascony, then northward, working at my trade, when I could find employment, and sojourned, in the course of my travels, in France, Flanders and lower Germany.

Thus ten years of my life were passed, unsettled and unproductive;

save for a broader experience in the ways of men, and the culture and finish that travel gives. At this time, I married, and settled

down at my old trades of glass painting and land measuring, in the small town of Saintes. Here three children were born, and I found

my responsibilities and expenses increase beyond my capacity to provide. Something must be done for my family, and for myself,

and I began to look around for a more remunerative employment.

My thoughts naturally turned to an art kindred to my own, and I investigated the painting and enameling of earthenware; but I had

BERNARD PALISSY. 849

never seen clay moulded and baked, and the subject was entirely new to me; in its prosecution I must have everything to learn.

At this time, an event occurred, of apparently small moment, which determined my future, and made me what I am. I saw an

elegant cup of Italian make. Its beauties and the possibilities of

the art so impressedfme that from that moment, I became the servant of a great ambition. I lived to labor to imitate, or surpass, that glorious piece of art. I revelled in its beauties, but my

artistic soul comprehending its merits could not grasp its secrets, and my life must now be a labor to solve them. Had I been single,

I should have laid all my work and plans to one side and gone to

Italy, the home of its manufacture, in search of it, but my family claimed my care, and I must not desert them, and my investigations must be carried on at home in the intervals of time left me from the care of my loved ones. These obstacles did not deter me, and

I entered upon my consecrated task.

My first steps must be by guess, in the darkness of a complete ignorance. I took such chemicals as I thought would unite

to form the enamel, and, buying earthen vessels, I broke them in pieces and placed upon them the formulas I had made, numbering each, and preserving the record of its compound. These I baked

in a furnace which I had constructed for that purpose, but the result of my labors was a failure. I had nothing but broken pots

and wasted doings for my time and labor. My disappointment, I

could endure, but in this labor the sympathy and support of my bring herself to look calmly uponwife was lacking—she could not

experiments which deprived her and our children of the comforts to which she was entitled, and my home life under such conditions was far from being pleasant. But I could not desist; and, although

I regretted the losses and consequent hardships to my family, I must persevere, and, if need be, they must suffer with me in this great labor to which my life was now dedicated.

For months and years, I pursued my experiments. The first

furnace erected proved a failure, and I built another in which I wasted chemicals, fuel and broken pots, until poverty stared me and my family in the face. Thus, I fooled away several years in

sorrow and sighs, not being able to arrive at my intentions. In

the intervals of my experiments, I had worked at glass painting, 850 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

drawing portraits, and measuring land, from which our meager income was derived; but, at length, I was no longer able to carry on

I soughtmy experiments for lack of fuel. Not deterred at this,

some other way to accomplish my purpose, and, buying more pottery, I broke them into three or four hundred pieces and carried them to a neighboring furnace to be baked. I went to see the

pieces taken out, but, to my dismay, the whole were failures. But

I was not defeated; the actuating force of my life came to my aid,

and I determined on the spot to begin afresh. At this time, fortune favored me with a contract from the government to survey

some salt marshes, in the neighborhood, from which I derived some means. With part of this, I bought more pottery and chemicals,

and took them to be burned, the result gave me a glimmer of hope; the heat of the furnace had melted some of the compounds,

but in none of them could I find a trace of the beautiful enamel.

For two more years full of hardships and mental agony, I went on experimenting, until the means I had accumulated was gone, and I was reduced to poverty again; but I decided to make one last determined effort: With the aid of the little experience already

gained, I carried three hundred pieces of pottery with my ingredients very carefully compounded, and took them to the furnace, going myself to watch the process and note the results.

Who that has not through deep trial and sore affliction seen his hopes defeated time after time, with the prize in advance ever luring him on, can imagine the suspense, almost anguish, with which I watched the result of this my last supreme effort. At

last, these pieces of inanimate clay, to bear me the message of hope or the tidings of despair, emerged from their bath of fire.

The material on one only of the three hundred pieces had melted, and it was allowed to cool as it hardened. Oh glorious victory

white! Ohit grew white—beautifully transparently—gloriously

the ecstasy of that moment! My labors at last requited—my

family to be relieved—my name to be vindicated—my great hopes

to be realized—my insane persistence justified. Like one mad with

joy, I ran home to my wife to show her this treasure, born to me of our sufferings, our labors, our tears, and our sacrifice. But

this success, though in a measure satisfying, was not complete,

BERNARD PALISSY. 851

and it merely served to lure me on to greater struggles and hardships.

To facilitate the perfection of my invention, I decided to build an improved furnace. Being now in poverty, the work must be my

own, and so I turned brickmaker, drayman and mason combined.

From the field where I made my bricks, I carried them on my back to the selected spot where I laid them together with the mortar I had mixed. Here, after eight months of arduous labor, I erected

what I fondly hoped should be the means of my complete and unqualified success. In the meantime, I had fashioned a number of

vessels which had been subjected to a preliminary baking; these I

covered with my compound and prepared for the grand crucial experiment. Although without means, I had for some time been accumulating a great store of fuel for the occasion.

At last the fire was lit, and all that day, I sat by the furnace watching the result; then the hours dragged through a long, weary

night. On the morrow, my wife brought me a portion of our

scanty meal, and on and on through a second day and a second night of anxiety, I passed to a third day and a third night, a fourth day, a fourth night of horror; my pile of fuel diminishing, my

hopes failing, but ever my unconquerable will sustaining me.

With wild, red eyes, disheveled hair, on the verge of madness, through the hours, now almost the eternities, of the sixth day, I passed until broken in body and heart, I sank at my post of duty!

There must have been something wrong in the flux! I must

have made some mistake in the materials! Surely I had not lost

all that I had previously gained! So I set to work to compound

again more carefully, if possible, more materials for a new experiment. But my money was now all gone. How could I buy more

pots and fuel? One more hope: I could borrow, and I found a

friend who could trust me. After two more weeks of preparation I was ready again for what I fully hoped to be my final triumph.

It was the most desperate experiment of the whole, for my all was placed upon it. At last the fire was lit, it blazed up, the

heat raged and became intense, but the enamel would not melt.

My fuel began to run short, and I was in despair. Hold, there

852 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

were the garden palings! They would burn, and so were torn up

and thrown upon the flames, but still the enamel would not melt!

In an agony of desperation, I turned to the house—there was the

burn, and ten minutes more might suffice!shelving—this would

Amid the crashing of the boards and the screams of my wife and children, who now ran wailing through the streets, the shelves followed tables, chairswere sacrificed in my wild anxiety—then

and household furniture in the last mad moments when success meant my salvation but failure my complete and irretrievable ruin!

But 0! I was saved! The last great burst of heat had melted the

enamel. The common brown jars when taken out were covered

with a glaze which, when allowed to cool, became beautifully white. For this I could endure reproach, the jibes of friends, the

taunts of foes, the complaints of my family, the pains of my own body! No longer the slave, now I was the master, and I felt the

divine spirit of a conqueror! Now the way was clear before me;

no need to hesitate. Now I must reap what in my tears I had

sown.

I next hired a potter to mold some vessels while I made some medallions in clay, an innkeeper agreeing to keep myself and family while I worked. But how to pay my potter? I had no money,

but I still had clothing, and I took from my back a portion of my scanty apparel to satisfy my employee.

I next erected an improved furnace; but 0, the blunder which

can in a moment undo the painstaking labor of <a life! Unfortunately, I lined the interior of the furnace with flint, which, when it

became heated, broke, and the fragments were scattered over my beautiful vessels! I could have sold them for a smaller amount,

but the spirit of the artist revolted from it. Nothing should go

out in my name that did not show the best I could do. My character and reputation, so gallantly fought for, were not thus to be

lightly bartered away, so I broke in pieces the entire batch!

Nevertheless, hope continued to inspire me, and I held on manfully.

When visitors called, I entertained them with pleasantry while I was really sad at heart. "Worst of all the sufferings I had to endure were the mockings and persecutions of my own household,

who were so unreasonable as to expect me to accomplish work without the means of doing so.

BERNARD PALISSY. 853

For years, my furnaces were without covering or protection, and, while tending them, I have been for nights at the mercy of the wind and rain. Sometimes the tempest would beat so furiously

that I have been forced to abandon my post and seek shelter within to reel without a light, to find, in my chamber, doors—there

where I should have found consolation and comfort, a worse persecution than the storms outside, which makes me even now marvel that I was not consumed by my many sorrows.*

At this stage of my life, who can blame me if I became melancholy and almost hopeless! I wandered about the fields of Saintes

alone, for I had no friends, for my family railed at and persecuted me, and my former friends derided me. Scorn was my portion in

the abodes of men, but at last I took heart, and for a year I labored at my old trade making enough money to pay some of my debts, and keep my family, then again, with brighter hopes, my old ambition reinstated itself, and I returned once more to my darling enterprise.

I had already spent eight years in search of the enamel, but eight more years of careful experimental plodding passed before I perfected my invention. I gradually learned dexterity by experience; every mishap was a fresh lesson to me, until at last I had

mastered my art. The earths and clays were at my command,

enamels my willing and obedient servants; and now, by right of a

full and broad experience, I took heart and called myself a potter.

These sixteen years of my life had been my apprenticeship when I had everything to learn, alone, beginning at the very beginning.

I floated out on a wave ofNow the tide of my life turned, and popularity and prosperity. My wares sold readily, and my debts

were paid, and my family kept in comfort. Now the highest bent

of my artistic soul found opportunity for exercise; ever and ever

improving, I went on and on. From nature—the animals—the

their choicest beauties, and in my vessels of clayflowers—I drew

they reappeared, clothed in my most divine art. Those children of

my hands have now become famous. They are sought after and

* In a number of instances, I have used the exact words of Smiles, the nature of the composition being such that quotation marks could not be used. 854 IMPROVEMENT ERA

treasured as the diamonds of the earth, or the pearls of the deep.

Artists rave over them, rich men pour out their gold for them, and why should they not? for their value is the price of the tears

breakingof wailing children—the pains of a distracted soul—the

triumph again of the truth, that, whatsoof a great heart—the

ever is worthy shall remain and endure, for time cannot efface it!

Now having entered upon a successful career, I was in the way to pass my life in an honored and congenial employment, but the storms of my life were not ended yet. What an unfortunate

dispensation, or fate, or providence that, having risked all for my art, I must now risk even life itself for conscience sake

I was a Protestant. Deep as my artistic instincts were my

religious convictions, and my soul, the slave to no man nor men, could brook no restraints of its liberty. Dependent on no man by

reason of my conscious power, the truths of my religion, as I understood them, I gave to my fellowman. Better for me to have

quietly enjoyed my beliefs and preserve my peace than to rouse the opposition of fanatics. I incurred the anger of the enemies

of my faith; and, being esteemed a dangerous heretic, my shop at

Saintes was thrown open, and mobs entered and destroyed my property, and I was arrested and thrown into prison. I was tried,

condemned, and ordered burnt at the stake. Here might have

been the ending of my career, but for a fortunate circumstance; a

rich and powerful noble, for whom I had designed some work, seeing in my death the incompletion of his plans, interceded in my behalf, and I was saved.

To take me from the hands of the authorities in that district, through his influence, I was appointed inventor of rustic figures to the king. What an unflattering comment on the mind and heart

of a man to say that not my deserts, but his selfishness, had saved my life; that I who had shown, by my every act, the integrity and

earnestness of my purposes, should but for the cleverness of my hands be sacrificed to ignorance and hate! But no matter—the

art, for which I had sacrificed so much, had now turned my friend indeed, and I accepted the boon of extended life with due gratitude and praise.

Now I was lodged in the palace of the queen, and there, for years in my royal quarters, under that great edifice, I prosecuted

BERNARD PALISSY. 855

my labors, adding more and more to the triumphs of my genius.

Besides carrying on this work, with the aid of my sons, I found time to write upon various subjects. I published books on the

potters art, and also wrote and lectured upon agriculture, fortification, and natural history. My mind had expanded, and I had imbibed a broad education, and I considered it my duty to give mankind the benefit of it. I fought ignorance in all its phases, whether

in the form of alchemy, astrology, or witchcraft. The light I

possessed, which was Godgiven, it was not for me to hide under a bushel.

It is no wonder that in an age of fanaticism there was gathered around me again a whirlwind of persecution, and that soon I was arrested and imprisoned. The cowardly Henry the Third, who

had been my patron, came to me saying "that for fortyfive years I had served him and his mother faithfully, but that now, if I did not renounce my religion, he was constrained to turn me over to my enemies!"

"Sire,"I said, "I am ready to give up my life for the glory of God! You have said many times that you have pity on

me, and now I have pity on you, that have been forced to utter the word constrained; it is not spoken like a king, for it is not

what you and your whole party can effect on me, for I know how to die!"Should I be forced against my will whose every act of life had proved the potency and power of the soul of man! Was I,

who had conquered the obstacles of a lowly birth, of poverty, and of opposition, who had unlocked the mysteries of nature and com-

I to go whimpering in mypelled success by innate mastery—was

seventyeighth year into a peaceful grave, with every example of my life in mutiny! No! Before this craven soul, I stood the king,

in all the royal panoply of right; if die I must, it would be a fitting

end to die at last opposed to wrong, and in the upholding of my principles! But the courage of my persecutors failed them, and I

was consigned to the Bastile where, in solitude, I passed the last years of my old age, and of my life, in the happiness which comes only to the soul that is true to itself. Then the angel of death

came into my cell, and I was liberated!

Past prison bars and the dominion of men, unto walls—past

856 * IMPROVEMENT lERA.

the liberty of a larger world, I went conquering still; the earth

beneath, the great God above me, but ever in my spirit the satisfying consciousness of a life, bravely, honorably, humbly spent in the service of mankind and my God!

The secrets of my after life I may not tell; but has my spirit

shrunken? Have my powers diminished? Is my art forgotten?

Shall I not rise at last with the intelligence I gained below? Shall

I not, in that great day when a holy city is built to his high name palaces of light, with an immortalized art, 0, glorious thought,—in

be potter indeed to the King!

The lesson of my life is now before you. Brave heart, trembling amid difficulties, take courage and persevere; the goal will yet

be won! Coward and laggard, as you shrink from the tasks of

life, and cringe beneath the frown of man, know that there is no seat of honor for you, now nor hereafter; the powers given you,

unemployed, shall vanish away, and you be left barren of joy and happiness. The path to the royalty of merit stretches on, and up,

sometimes through rocks and thorns, but ever, ever ending among the noble, forceful spirits of the universe!

SOME LEADING EVENTS IN THE CURRENT

STORY OF THE WORLD.

BY DR. J. M. TANNER, GENERAL SUPERINTENDENT OF CHURCH

SCHOOLS.

The Great Steel Strike* The great strike against the socalled billiondollar steel trust promises to be the most remarkable in the history of the trade unions of this country. It is not an ordinary strike for an increase

of wages, or reduced hours for a day's work, but rather one that may involve the existence of the trade union itself, and the practice of certain manufacturers in this country to demand by written contracts that their employes shall not belong to any labor union.

The men left work about the middle of July, and all negotiations, up to this writing, which have been carried on between the parties to the controversy, have resulted in no agreement.

To understand something of the subject, one must return to the great ironworkers'strike of 1892, when the employes of the

Carnegie mills, known as the Homestead, created so much excitement in this country, and it became necessary to call out the militia and use Pinkerton men in suppressing the riots, and preventing the destruction of property. After that strike, the employers

compelled, so it is alleged, every employe to enter a contract that he was not, and would not become, a member of any labor organization whatsoever. When the great steel trust was organized

some months ago, it included the Homestead and numerous other mills, s Dme of which employed union labor, while others did not.

For some time, the union men have been complaining that the scale of wages of the different mills were unjustly arranged in 858 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

favor of nonunion men. Mr. Schwab, the head of this billiondollar steel trust, was also the superintendent of the Homestead

mills, and Carnegie's interest generally. It was further contended,

on the part of the labor organizations, that in dull times, when it was necessary to lay off some of the men, the nonunion men and mills were favored. It was contended by the labor union that

such a discrimination was a direct blow, by the employers, at the existence of the labor organization itself, in that it was a reward by the employers to all men who would remain out of the union.

The demands were therefore made on the part of the union that the same wages be paid to all employes, whether in or out of the union, that the hours of work should be the same, and that there should be no favoritism during the dull times.

On the part of the trust, it was contended that the labor union virtually demanded the discharge from employment of nonunion men, and that their resistance to the demands of the union was for the protection of those who did not care to join any labor organization; and, lastly, the trust gave out, so the newspapers

have stated, that the labor organization was at liberty to unionize all the men they could in the nonunion mills. Whatever the

future may show to be the exact status of the controversy, in the beginning it would seem that the trust has succeeded in enlisting the sympathy of a number of the leading papers throughout this country, and the idea has gone forth that union men have demanded that all employes in the mills shall become members of their organizations or be dismissed from work.

Should there be an effort on the part of the trust, as is asserted by the union, to destroy labor organizations in the United

States, it is not unlikely that the strike may be extended to the railroads and mines. Four hundred thousand employes are said to

be directly involved, and if kindred associations take up the question, it is asserted that there may be an imperding strike of something like one million men. At the present time, the points at

issue are imperfectly defined, and the people generally throughout the country have not been permitted to obtain any very clear idea of the real points at issue, in this mammoth battle between capital and labor. To predict any results that may accrue from the fight,

therefore, at this time would be mere conjecture, but those who

CURRENI STORY OF THE WORLD. 859

are competent to judge declare that through the strike a million dollars a day is lost to industry.

Death of Three Notable Persons—Le Conte, Fiske, and Empress Frederick of Germany.

In the death of Joseph Le Conte, who died July 6, 1901, the country loses a man of national reputation. He was born in

Georgia, in 1823. He was a man of great mental powers, and

devoted himself to the study of geology and other natural sciences.

In 1850, he was associated with Aggasiz, at Harvard. Since 1869,

he has occupied the chair of geology and natural history, in the

University of California. He has written a very popular textbook

on the subject of geology, but is perhaps best known to the people of this country by his famous book, "Evolution and its Relation to Religious Thought."This book, together with Mr. Fiske's

"Outlines of Cosmic Philosophy,"has done much to reestablish the faith of those who were thrown into disbelief by the new doctrines of evolution.

The recent death of John Fiske calls to mind a notable character in the history of our country. Fiske, in this country, like

Tyndall and Huxley in England, has done much to popularize modern science. He was a man of the broadest attainments, and

has from his earliest career been a most indefatigable worker.

Like John Stewart Mill, he was a precocious child, and, it is said of him that at the age of nine, he took genuine pleasure in reading the works of Shakespeare and Milton. Before his thirteenth year,

his knowledge of Latin was so great that he was at home with

Virgil, Horace, Tacitus, and other prominent Latin authors.

Among his earliest writings to attract great attention in this country was his "Outlines of Cosmic Philosophy."This work is generally recognized as the foremost interpretation of the Spencerian

school of thought. The writer first learned of Mr. Fiske's important

contributions to the interpretation of evolutionary thought, in 1887,.

while on a mission to Palestine, where he became acquainted with

Laurence Oliphant, an eminent English author, who had for years been an associate of Spencer, Huxley, and other eminent authors at the celebrated Athenaeum Club in London. The writer was anxious to obtain from Mr. Oliphant a description of the inside life of

860 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

those great English philosophers. At that time, there lay on Mr.

Oliphant's table Fiske's "Outlines of Cosmic Philosophy."Mr. Oliphant picked up the book, and, showing it to the writer, said:

"This is the best work that has ever been written on evolution.

This man Fiske has treated this subject* with the judicially discriminating mind not equalled by any other writer on the subject.'

In later years, Mr. Fiske wrote two important works on, "The Idea

of God,"and "Destiny of Man."Both of these works are a defense of theism, and personal immortality. While the writer was

at Harvard, he had, on two or three occasions, an opportunity to observe Mr. Fiske's movements about the college campus, thus

satisfying his curiosity to see one of the foremost writers of our country. Of Mr. Fiske, it must be said that he was a most energetic worker and a man of charming personality. He had been invited

to deliver an oration in Winchester, England, on the thousandth anniversary of King Alfred's death, but died suddenly at the Hawthorne Inn, at Gloucester, on July 4. During the last few years, Mr.

Fiske has delivered a number of popular lectures on historical subjects; and, as a lecturer, he has been well received both in this

country and in England. He will be best known to the people of

Utah through his school history of the United States, one of the best books ever written on that subject, for school purposes.

The announcement of the death of the Empress Dowager of

Germany (born Victoria Mary Louisa, November 21, 1840,) on the 5th of August, recalls the career of one of the most eminent characters among women in the royal courts of Europe. Empress

Victoria was the oldest daughter of the Queen of England, being married at an early age to Frederick, the Crown Prince of Prussia.

As the German emperor, William I, approached old age, speculations throughout Prussia became rife as to the influence which the coming empress would have upon the institutions of the country. Many

leading politicians of Prussia have been agitating the question of a constitutional government for the Germans, a government similar to that of Great Britain, in which the king and queen are largely figureheads. After the formation of the German empire,

as a result of the Franco -Prussian war in 187071, the question was again discussed by the Liberal press of the empire. It was

known that Empress Victoria was an exceedingly shrewd woman.

CURRENT STORY OF THE WORLD. 861

Sir Charles Dilke ranked her among the first political factors in continental politics. She inherited much of her mother's shrewdness and persistency. She was not a character to be easily

thwarted in her purpose, and to be overcome by any obstacles, and, at one time, it is said, was greatly feared by Prince Bismarck. The iron chancellor was pronounced in his views that a

form of government similar to that of Great Britain was not at all suited to the wants of Germany.

The old emperor, during his lifetime, had never suffered the women of his court to exercise any influence whatever in politics. His empress had never been permitted to share the political discussions that went on in any of the departments of state,

and he was equally persistent in holding his daughterin-law aloof. It was known that he shared Bismark's views, and until the

time of his death Bismarck's policy of course prevailed. Upon

the accession of Frederick to the crown of the German empire,

Victoria clearly indicated her determination to punish, as far as she could, the old Iron Chancellor for the indignites which she had received at his hands, but Frederick was not permitted to control long the destinies of the new empire, for he soon succumbed to a disease with which he was sorely afflicted at the time of his coronation. It is difficult, therefore, to say what this remarkable woman may Shave done, had her husband been permitted

to reign for any length of time over the destinies of this great military empire. Her son, the present Emperor of Germany, was

in full accord with Bismarck's views, and his mother was at once relegated, politically, to private life. When one now comes to contemplate her death, one cannot help but feel that she suffered

bitterly the disappointment which she must have experienced by the great misfortunes which prevented her from exercising the remarkable endowments which she possessed, in the furtherance of human liberty and political progress. She possessed, indeed, a

rare genius for statesmanship, a genius which, so far as it affected her personally, has been lost to the world. Some of the remarkable powers of this sovereign are reflected in her son; for, whatever the world, and especially the enemies of Germany, may think

of its present emperor, he certainly possesses many of the elements of genius, even though they may be mixed with certain eccentricities.

EDITOR'S TABLE.

OUR REPORT AND OUR MISSION.

The annual statistical report in this number of the Era shows satisfactory progress in the growth of membership, meetings, and literary and educational work of the Mutual Improvement Associations. Compared with a decade ago, the advancement is really

marvelous. Then we had 347 associations, now we have 542; then

a membership of 12,537, now 28,409; then there were 6,258 meet--

ings, now there are 18,841; then the exercises were unclassified,

with little uniformity or system; now there is a uniform and suitable method in study, which insures reasonably good results where

properly followed. Our local missionaries amount to over two

thousand, and the number on foreign missions approaches closely one thousand, while libraries, finances, and all other interests named show commendable increase and growth. A glance at the

report, with some knowledge of the printed manuals, and the circulation of the Era, our ofiicial organ, also the work of the oflScers from the General Board to the stake and ward laborers, will at once assure us that we have the machinery to do a mighty educational work, and that a fair proportion of that work has been and is actually being done.

But educational work, by which is here meant, the obtaining and assimilating of knowledge and information, is not the whole mission of our organization; indeed, it is only one incident in it

but one which the published report specially emphasizes. The

spiritual and religious work, it is believed, would show quite as

EDITORS TABLE. 863

satisfactory results. In this latter direction, however, it is fondly

hoped that increased enthusiasm will prevail. In some report

blanks recently presented to stake superintendents, the questions were asked: "What means have you considered for improving the

general conditions of the young people?""In what respects are

your associations factors for good in the stake?"and the replies

received are not as encouraging as we think they should have been.

Looking at our statistical array of figures, the people, always utilitarian, will naturally say: "Very good for figures, but what

have these young men actually done?"It is believed that our

workers could give just as satisfactory a showing in spiritual development, by which is meant all that tends to the formation of good life and character, and in religious development, by which is meant the putting into every day practice the theories of the

Gospel, as they have done, in this report, in placing into figures their machinery of intellectual progress.

If the boys should be called upon, we are of the opinion that many could answer the questions in a hundred ways by telling some of the things that they have done that are not shown in figures, but that are written in the hearts of their fellows: turned three

boys from swearing and breaking the Sabbath; converted one young

man to the necessity of attending church; made a good impression

upon a stranger by our conduct in meeting; helped a widow to her

winter's wood; provided a place for a young man who was in need;

helped a struggling boy to attend school, by doing his chores; converted several young men to the necessity of paying tithing; kept

a missionary in his field by helping his wife to till the farm; helped

the bishop to provide entertainments for the boys and girls in the ward, thus keeping them out of bad company; turned in with teams

and gave the old folks a pleasant outing in the grove; furnished

text books for the meeting house; provided a quartette club which

made the ward socials and public occasions pleasant with sweet music; visited a poor sick boy and gave him a boquet of flowers;

helped ourselves to enjoy the Spirit of God, by being determined to live right, and to do some kind act to some other person whenever occasion offered, thus fulfilling the scripture: "Pure religion

and undefiled before God and the Father is this. To visit the

864 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

fatherless and widows in their affliction, and to keep himself unspotted from the world."

If our officers can not answer some such questions as these, they are not doing their full duty, and should turn their attention in a spiritual and religious direction; not forgetting, however, nor

laying aside, their meetings, the study of the manual, the fund, the Era, conferences, lectures, libraries, and other educational machinery and vehicles.

AVOID "OLD ABE."

Don't be afraid to fight alone against the wrong, or to stand for the right, as God has given you to see it.

"If I were as prompt in doing as others do, in matters of merit, as I am in matters of demerit, it would change my whole career,"said a young man recently. There are many like him.

Have you not noticed how quickly we copy things forbidden in the moral teachings of The Church, and how loth to do and adopt the works commanded in the gospel? It is the same old human character that Paul contended with: "When I would do good, evil is

present with me. * * * The good that I would I do not: but

the evil which I would not, that I do."

It is natural for boys and for men also, to do as the other fellows do, especially if that is evil; to follow the crowd in the

easy, popular way. And, strange to say, frequently the crowd

goes wrong, and what is popular in the world of young people is often wrong entirely, or at most unwise and forbidden. However,

the boy who does things because the other fellows do them is apt to be wading constantly in deep and troubled waters. This applies

to financial, social, and business conditions as well as to morals.

A person who ignorantly does as others do because it is popular, is sure to "scratch a poor man's back"all his days: is bound to go

wrong, and, like Paul, must in the end exclaim: "0 wretched man

that I am, who shall deliver me from the body of this death?"'He

EDITORS TABLE. 865

is led by the nose by those who cry, "0 be like us!"and before he

comes to his senses, is often socially, morally and financially undone.

Young men be not led ignorantly in anything. Permit no one

to lead you who has not gained the confidence of the community in which you live. As young men get off by themselves, they are

always confronted with some companions who think recklessness in money and morals brands them as good fellows, while the cautious careful boy is classed as mean or cowardly. Beware of such companions! Think for yourselves when they make proposals, and

don't be afraid to stand alone. Don't follow the crowd, just to be

a good fellow. Nine chances in ten, you will lose your selfrespect:

while, by taking a determined stand for the right, as you see it> you will in the end become the respected leader. If you follow

blindly, the chances are that you will become a laughingstock, and be left to mend your own sores as best you can.

Here is a fitting though homely illustration on this subject from John Graham, a wealthy Chicago pork packer, who writes in the Philadelphia Post to his son in Harvard University:

"We've got an old steer out at the packinghouse that stands around at the foot of the runway leading up to the killing pens, looking for all the world like one of the village fathers sitting on of sadeyed, dreamy oldthe cracker box before the grocery—sort

his cud sticking out ofcuss—always has two or three straws from

the corner of his mouth. You never saw a steer that looked as if

he took less interest in things. But by and by the boys drive a

bunch of steers toward him, or cows maybe, if we're canning, and then you'll see Old Abe move off up that runway, sort of beckoning the bunch after him with that wicked old stump of a tail of his, as if there was something mighty interesting to steers at the top, and something that every Texan and Colorado, raw from the prairies, ought to have a look at to put a metropolitan finish on him. Those steers just naturally follow along on up that runway

and into the killing pens. But just as they get to the top Old Abe

someways gets lost in the crowd and he isn't among those present when the gates are closed and the real trouble begins for his new friends. "I never saw a dozen boys together that there wasn't an Old 866 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Abe among them. If you find your crowd following him, keep away

from it. There are times when it's safest to be lonesome. Use a

little commonsense, caution and conscience. You can stock a

store with those three commodities, when you get enough of them.

But you've got to begin getting them young. They ain't catching

after you toughen up a bit."

LUCY SMITH'S HISTORY OP THE PROPHET.

Readers of the Era will be delighted to learn that "Lucy

Smith's History of the Prophet Joseph,"in revised and authentic form, will be printed as a serial in Volume five, beginning with the

November number.

This work, covering some 250 pages of the magazine, is a most fascinating narrative of the life of Joseph, and will be read with deep interest by both old and young, containing as it does some items in his career that can be found nowhere else in print.

Sbuscriptions for Volume five of the Improvement Era should be sent in at once; $2.00 per year, including the history, and the

new Manual.

NOTES.

I've alius noticed great success

Is mixed with troubles, more or less,

And it's the man who does the best

That gits more kicks than all the rest.

James Whitcomb Riley.

While a neat attire is not always an index to good character and ability, the fact remains that of two applicants the business man will always employ the welldressed, attractive looking boy rather than the one who is careless in his appearance.

NOTES. 867

The reason is obvious. The boy who is particular in regard to the

details of his dress will be careful in his work and thus command the respect and confidence of his employer.

Young people think that men who have become very successful must have had unusual opportunities. They do not realize or appreciate

the fact that right around them are chances much greater than those which started many of these successful men upon their careers. There

is no difficulty in finding openings, if we only keep our eyes open. Successful men have found theirs in the most common, everyday situations.

The chances are that the very thing you are now doing is your opportunity to take the first step. If you perform your task so well that you

attract attention; if you are faithful, enthusiastic, and dead in earnest,

you will probably find that your present situation, the work which you are now doing, and which you consider drudgery, is the first step in your advancement.

The area of Utah in square miles, as printed in the official documents of the twelfth census, is 82,190. The area of each county in Utah,

in square miles is as follows: Beaver, 2,580; Box Elder, 5,436; Cache,

1,181; Carbon, 1,596; Davis, 285; Emery, 4,336; Garfield, 5,103; Grand,

3,759; Iron, 3,284; Juab, 3,300; Kane, 4,368; Millard, 6,664; Morgan, 599;

Piute, 744; Rich, 1,050; Salt Lake, 768; San Juan, 8,025; Sanpete, 1,561;

Sevier, 1,880; Summit, 1,937; Tooele, 6,901; Uinta, 5,190; Utah, 2,123;

Wasatch, 4,147; Washington, 2,457; Wayne, 2,362; Weber, 544.

The population is 276,749, or a figure more than twentyfour times as large as in 1850, when it was 11,380. The average number of persons to the square mile was, in 1890, 2.5, while in 1900, it was 3.4.

Never attempt to do anything with half a mind. If a thing is worth

doing at all, it is worth your entire attention; concentrate your mind

upon it, try and devise new and improved methods for doing the work, and never let your thoughts wander while you are at your task. Mindwandering, aircastle building, and daydreaming, are very demoralizing

to the average mind, and have ruined many a career. "Failed from lack

of concentration,"or from "doing things indifferently,"is an epitaph that may be read upon thousands of tombstones of those who have failed in life. The way to build up a strong, vigorous mind, is to form

a habit of holding it steadily and firmly upon the work in hand, and doing it to perfection. A wandering mind is always a demoralized mind.

It is very difficult to break up the pernicious habit of "scatteration,''when once well formed. Success.

STATISTICAL REPORT OF THE Y. M M I. A.

MEMBERSHIP. MEETINGS.

w 6D to CO W) in pH fl a Oj +j u * O (BID'S tA& ej01 a> <D (v fl 0) g S CO oa) STAKE. CO-* t< -I-'>>

3 O;h CS 01 01 0)o o CI Ofl

er> o(U Cti fS a M u XS fl o IdO etiS a W (D CS "60 a O >-7 oS

AllDerta 395 4 15 144 190 22 126 23 6

Alpine 696 22 24 297 660 39 209 84 8

Banuock 327 18 27 152 66 45 190 16 7 2

Bear Lake 929 26 60 402 64 347 75 16 2

Beaver 260 8 36 99 10 80 26 11

Bingham 427 14 40 179 238 17i 190 42 7 1

Box Elder 102S 54 94 428 174 146 350 6 110 27 2

Cache 1141 48 50 422 640 125 313 46: 136 3 1

Cassia 416 20 700 2l! 146 107 2

Davis 1019 52 84 355 160 90; 309 29 82 12 2

Emery 700 14 55 202 156 17 221 20 1

Fremont 342 7 13 160 174 62, 149 5 1

Granite 1064 43 60 422 357 46] 357 49 j 97 25 2

Jordan 479 20 80 213 305 58 295 23 76 5 2

Juah 409 13 25 216 28 69! 168 20 40 19 2

Juarez 450 14 78 195 25 41i 158 21 45 11 2Kanab 326 17 47 148 103 20l 115 18 17 5 1

Malad 453 15 30 i!12 10, 140 6 33 2 2

Maricopa 181 11 20 55 3i 86 i 33 8 1

Millard 487 13 42 225 54 18! 174 6'27 4 2

Morgan 231 7 17 141 44 17| 129 4! 38 14 1

Nebo 1075 36 82 360 217 841 3.35 36 101 15 1

North Sanpete 1033 17 114 551 241 86! 222 31 57 38 1

Oneida 731 35 69 319 126 76 248 23! 65 16 2

Panguitch 304 17 12 113 239 8: 87 18 47 2 1

Parovvan 228 12 2 65 98 4 58 2 1

Pocatello 340 10 5 171 108 40 188 3 2

St. George 676 48 21 307 57 49 355 14 1

St. Johns 202 12 67 74 19 34 124 23 1

St. Joseph 553 15 76 239 35 39 187 17 44 8 1

Salt Lake 1822 108 108 799 984 103 736 48 216 13 1

San Juan 265 19 21 115 32 471 108 33 28 2

San Luis 400 9 33 133 72 35 j 66 2 2

Sevier 697 20 81 247 309 14 225 1

Snowflake 185 9 7 89 51 2 113 3 2

South Sanpete'604 11 37 223 659 67 229 35 1

Star Valley.... 307 19 11 159 68 12! 188 8 2

Summit 313 24 50 185 125 100 212 7 2

Tooele 513 11 48 228 25 5i 144 4 6

Uintah 275 10 3 117 186 19 93 9 35 2 2

Utah 768 32 55 317 349 51 291 37 111 20 2

Wasatch 720 6 50 226 230 31 274 29 42 2 1

Wayne 128 5 6 14 29 6 81 15 Weber 2004 69 177 685 199 335 560 32 1Woodruff 206 92 10 18 25 6 86 4

N. States Mission 106 13 73 3 34

E. States Mission 10

British Mission.. 335 151 220

Hawaiian Mission 1422 968 1533

Samoan Mission. 185 150 156

Scandinavian Mis 242 157 240 48

Totals, 565 28409 1009 2063 11994 8646 2319 11645 S83 2551 470 63

FOR THE YEAR ENDING APRIL 30th, J90J.

1 MlSSIONEXERCISES. 1 AUT LIBRAEIES. FINANCE.

Labors.

= 1 fl d CO SM<D m'to 'da 1 TO S to'0) TO -a o g o toCO e TO CO3O(Uto TO (P o. fl*H o TO > n!. "ua cS O TOa daW s i * -? to d "3 S Sra B 3 o 0) 0) <D a;% a TO g 3 to fl O > CIo rtft +-'0 O a>. TO 5 oo P-i u d C5

o * S 3 tn So fe p 2 o o 2 o a 1 "3 TOao a w d TO1 if!;?* 6 a > CO f-S—6

TO > oH

184 278 14 148 4 347 21 23 4 6 63 17 80 $ 47 OOi 401 269 19 2360 159 347 15 96 24 489 148 637 212 00 $ 42 20 $ 20 45 $21 75 275 278 13 464 93 2086 20 21 17 4 53 9 62 45 80 26 40 26 40 540 327 15 682 94 2841 31 23 38 6 150 SO 230 145 28 22 50 2 50 20 00 161 76 12 5 80 1123 20 8 2 101 101 75 00 8 16 8 16 284 223 6 15 95 1353 19 17 15 5 61 19 80 34 00 5 00 3 00 2 00 650 600 19 400 99 1041 117 74 64 10 269 34 303 482 35 379 59 290 65 88 94 644 585 18 1092 110 2800 45 47 63 14 912 234 1146 489 68 33 19 28 10 5 09 330 15 98 37 32 533 571 23 1610 96 3752 65 112 36 8 773 198 971 942 85 77 77 70 22 7 55 391 263 16 315 100 1482 22 18 8 7 262 35 297 272 15 4 00 4 00 291 604 6 526 74 1732 73 44 7 6 100 91 191 112 85 60 85 60 85 597 1497 21 3252 170 4200 124 192 39 6 641 20 661 598 00 317 45 257 90 59 55 469 475 19 1514 73 2825 31 56 15 3 187 3 190 190 00 59 65 51 62 8 03 835 439 21 15 77 1348 13 45 13 5 173 40 213 100 50 300 308 20 1731 2 347 26 78 14 5 164 40 204 218 96 120 18 112 65 7 53 180 173 19 3 206 1748 16 17 2 39 87 126 30 65 6 70 3 65 3 05 202 143 11 125 20 2 75 2 35 40 140 99 21 123 17 641 19 3 11 3 158 123 281 131 00 15 00 15 00 244 196 IS 403 50 629 14 9 10 55 157 212 luO 00 1 50 20 1 30 206 234 12 90 56 2680 45 31 9 5 75 31 106 13 40 41 95 41 95 598 723 20 582 109 2300 28 89 42 9 381 57 438 175 00 480 472 21 1424 42 2561 55 98 17 7 1157 300 1457 1635 75 153 50 115 25 38 25 445 738 17 738 136 347 44 84 25 9 120 87 207 100 00 11 50 4 50 7 00 163 56 8 6 217 10 19 21 2 42 42 45 75 121 83 9 600 3 12 2 305 305 185 00 19 31 8 56 10 75 289 307 14 22 100 1603 17 13 10 6 J05 9 114 84 10 5 30 1 80 3 50 578 520 11 292 142 1301 38 126 23 4 85 13 98 115 00 114 70 28 15 86 55 227 474 17 472 13 347 96 37 12 3 60 39 99 93 81 298 368 14 39 47 1447 46 34 10 4 131 14 145 38 20 50 00 50 00 1177 1060 21 3634 265 4481 152 241 108 14 978 33 1011 457 75 182 48 156 SO 25 68 224 535 19 1011 69 376 11 23 25 2 44 19 63 36 25 138 222 17 406 36 80 9 10 3 33 20 53 25 00 5 85 1 OC 4 85 335 287 12 546 66 347 15 9 18 7 843 231 574 479 60 53 50 37 OC 16 50 134 588 17 384 56 1704 6 6 9 4 34 17 51 25 00 32 85 28 6C 4 25 461 210 21 504 53 34'78 72 13 5 661 148 809 460 00 45 60 45 6C 253 389 20 107 175 34f 21 19 17 6 43 11 54 50 45 13 60 5 4E 8 15 150 OC 62 45 17 26 2 5 27 1463 20C 4i9 583 800 18 5C 306 16 13 15'i 25 4 122 11 la 160C 148; 1871 453 397

166 257 17 48 1004 IC 42 7 3 46 3 4 24 OC 6 40 1 4C)! 5 00

89 25 30 18 260 9E 286 779 951 136 81E 13'! 102 13 53 534'336() 32 171 19 2638

) 6C'1 UU 37 6C OC 38 75 182 106 20'76 6 6 3( 16'17 7p: 390 706 407

5() 13 5C 4C 13 5S 2f 2S 4 5 26 2 4 86() 80 9 110 1 177 IC 0() 77 6 11 35 125! 6h 16f) IE 11i 19!: 136'939 6C) 41 820(5 23 2465 5356 1087 HE

) 50 2 1 5C 3!: ) 39( 9i 22 1] 235 159 1

37 4C U 16 121 22

1 153= 305() 131 2E) 85 5 3 45 75 1533 256; 120{) 62E) 2!5

4181t 14 1 I 14 3 18841 j 2185Si 741 j 3591! 7719|6955 1824 2122 974 J22 ) 1169 1286 i 14559] 10551 5 i 2434 2 tl901 6 6 532 58

OUR WORK.

ANNUAL CONVENTIONS.

To Stake Superintendents, Assistants, and all Stake officers of Young

Men's Mutual Improvement Associations:

Dear Brethren:

In conformity with the action of the general M. I. A. conference

held in June, this year, this call for a convention in each stake, and letter of instructions is issued by order of the General Board.

All superintendents are hereby instructed to call a convention in their stakes in accordance with the following schedule of dates:

August 19th—San Juan.

John's. September 4th—St.

September 8th—Alberta, Alpine, Beaver, Benson, Bingham, Box

Elder, Cassia, Davis, Emery, Fremont, Granite, Juab, Malad, and Morgan.

September 9th—Snowflake.

September 12th—Bannock.

September 13th—Maricopa.

Jordan, Kanab, Millard, Nebo, North SanSeptember 15th—Cache,

pete, Oneida, Panguitch, Parowan, Sevier and Union.

September 16th—St. George.

September 17th—St. Joseph.

September 22nd—Bear Lake, Hyrum, Pocatello, San Luis, Salt Lake,

South Sanpete, Star Valley, Summit, Tooele, Uintah, Utah, Wasatch

Wayne, Weber, and Woodruff.

September 22nd—Juarez.

You will confer at once with the presidency of your stake, and arrange for holding this convention, and secure their cooperation in making it a success. You will then see that the stake organization, and

all ward organizations are complete in your stake, making personal visits for this purpose wherever necessary, before the date of the convention. Take special pains to notify, either by letter or personal visits,

every officer in your stake to be present without fail. You will see

OUR WORK. 871

that a suitable hall is secured, in a central settlement and location, where the convention may be held so as not to interfere with the Sabbath School. Where officers of the Y. M. M. I. A. are teachers in the

Sabbath school, they should arrange to be excused for that morning. It

will be well to make provision for the entertainment of your officers who attend the convention. Three meetings should be arranged for; morning,

afternoon and evening.

It should be understood that these meetings are especially for Y.

M. M. I. A. officers, but it is very desirable that the stake presidency,

bishops and other stake and ward officers should be invited to attend.

The stake superintendents are expected to conduct these meetings, under the direction of representatives of the General Board, and to be prepared to present the following topics: (These topics are to be treated

either by the stake superintendent or by such competent assistants as he may call upon, and the subject matter should be prepared before the day of meeting.)

Preparations for the Opening of the Season: The manual should be

obtained and distributed in ample time for the preparation of the first lesson for the opening meeting. The first program should be ready before

the first meeting, and be prepared and assigned by the officers at a preliminary meeting of the officers held for the purpose. It is very important that an officers'meeting should be held not only before the beginning

of the season but every week thereafter.

As early as possible, before the commencement of the season's work and before this convention, all the organizations should be completed, and vacancies filled, but care must be taken that the work goes on even if this cannot be done, or the president or any other officer is unavoidably absent.

I. A Grading the Associations—It was the decision of the annual M.

conference to continue the division of the associations into senior and junior classes wherever it is practicable. Make two divisions of each

association, placing in the junior class the members under, say sixteen or seventeen years of age, and in the senior class, all others. The lines

of this division should not be too strictly drawn, but should be governed by local conditions. It has been decided to use Manual No. 1, on the

Life of Jesus, in the junior class, and No. 5, on the Principles of the

Gospel in the senior class, and to conjointly use the preliminary suggestive programs in manual No. 5.

select a competent class Class Work—Every association should

leader. This leader need not be the president of the association, but he

should have the ability to conduct the class work in an interesting manner. 872 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

One or two of the very ablest men should be placed in charge of the junior class.

No thoroughly effective work can be done in the association unless frequent officers'meetings are held. They are absolutely essential,

and should be held at least once in two weeks, and once each week is better.

Care should be exercised in the preparation of the programs, so as to make them attractive. The Manual lessons will always be the backbone of the work, but will be relieved and lightened by the use of the

preliminary programs provided for in the manual, which programs should be presented before the classes separate.

As methods for awakening interest in the members, we suggest in addition: 1—A brief statement of the lesson for the succeeding meeting

made near the close of each session, and 2—Living testimonies.

Not more than fifty should be in a class, if the best work is desired.

The first thing necessary in a class is to arouse an interest. Then emphasis must be placed upon the essential points in the exercise or lesson.

These points would necessarily be different in the senior and junior classes, and the main facts as seen from the different standpoints of the boy and the man must be brought out. The key note of success in class

work is, "Do the members enjoy it?"Those enjoy it most who are most

employed.

While a social friendliness should always exist between teacher and student, undignified familiarity should never be permitted. Teachers

and members should address each other as Brother Soand-so.

is the culmination and outgrowth of The Manual—The new manual

the preceding ones, although in some respects it differs from them. In

the others, the course of study has been the only factor, while in this are introduced preliminary programs for lighter work in the associations.

The previous courses of study have been adapted to all the members while the course presented in this manual has been prepared more with reference to the senior class.

The Gospel principles treated in this Manual are: God; The Plan of

Salvation; Faith; Repentance, and Baptism. There are twentythree lessons, covering about 125 pages.

One of these lessons should be completed at each regular meeting.

Each of the subtopics of a lesson should be assigned to a member, and that member should come specially prepared, at the next meeting, to treat upon that topic; such treatment should not occupy more than five

or ten minutes; but this special prepartion of one topic should not preclude the student from studying the entire lesson. Every member of

the class should prepare upon the whole lesson and be familiar with

OUR WORK. 873

every topic, so that in case of the absence of an appointed speaker, upon request, any other member may take his place. It is expected, of course,

that the officers shall be fully prepared on every lesson and ready to finish the program, in case of failure on the part of any member, but the officers should not be considered until it has been made clearly apparent that no member in the house is prepared; the members should do

the work and not the officers, except in cases of need, and in their regular order on the program.

Attention is called to the following rules which have been frequently published in our manuals as a guide for our young men in studying and presenting these subjects:

1. Talk directly to the subject. 2. Master all its necessary details.

3. Practice stopping at the right time and place. 4. Do not allow endless, rambling discussions. 5. Avoid the introduction of mysteries. 6.

Use your own language, in preference to reading or reciting the words of others. The notes in the manual are never to be read before the

class by the one giving the exercise. He is expected to say what he can

of his subject, but not to read it from the manual or any other work.

The spirit and the efficacy of an exercise of this kind are always destroyed by reading. 7. Master the notes as thoroughly as possible, and

make a careful study as well, of the other reference works mentioned in connection with each subject. Do not be satisfied with "skimming."8.

Use correct language. 9. Practice ease and grace in speaking. lOCultivate the habit of correctly quoting important passages of scripture.

11. Testimonybearing may occasionally be allowed by way of increasing

faith. 12. Prepare all lessons thoroughly, whether appointed to treat

"them or not. 13. Get the Spirit of God, and work hard under its direction.

There are a number of ways to use the review questions. The first

and most satisfactory is for the class teacher to ask the questions of or from the whole class, calling promiscuously upon some member for reply. Another plan is the assigning, at the prior meeting, of all the

questions to as many members as there are questions; in that case giving them principally to such young or inexperienced members as are a

little backward in their studies, thus giving them opportunity and encouragement.

For further instruction on this topic, we refer you to the subhead "Class Work,"in this circular.

The manual may be obtained from General Secretary Thomas Hull.

There are two ways of handling it. The first has been found most satisfactory in certain stakes, where the distances are not so great, and

is for the stakewhere there is a general central gathering place,—it

officers to obtain the entire supply for the stake, and distribute the 874 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

manuals to the ward presidents. The second method is for each president to order the manuals for his association direct from the general

secretary, In either case, the manuals are furnished on credit, it being distinctly understood that the person ordering them is responsible for their cost, to the general"secretary.

Orders for manuals should be sent in immediately.

Joint Sessions—The programs for joint sessions should be prepared

at joint officers'meetings, and should consist of the cream of the association work for the preceding month.

Missionary Work—The present local missionary organizations, let

it be distinctly understood, are permanent, and should be kept up by the selection of new missionaries where those already chosen are, for any cause, unable to continue their labors. The local missionary work must

not be discontinued, but should be made more effective. Everything

should be prepared, and the missionary corps filled, and all made ready for good, vigorous work during the season.

This local missionary work is among the most important that the oflScers have to do. Upon it depends greatly the success of the organization and their power to do good. It should be made the spiritual

labor of the season. The already adopted missionary methods must be

emphasized and continued. In case this work is not thoroughly understood by the officers, information concerning its scope, and the methods

to be adopted, will be given at your convention, by a member of the general board. This missionary work should receive careful explanation in your convention.

This year in addition to the local missionary work elders have been called who will be sent to labor as general missionaries in all the stakes.

is an essential in the The General Improvement Fund—The general fund

work of mutual improvement, and is an important item to place before the members; because, without it, the work of the General Board cannot be carried on. You will remember that there are two weeks set apart as collection weeks for this fund; viz., the first weeks in December and February

of each year. It has been decided by the General Board that

envelopes shall be sent to the stake superintendents for distribution to the ward associations, in which each member is requested, on the given date, to place his contribution of twentyfive cents, and hand the same to the president or secretary of his association. Committees should be

appointed to visit, during the collection weeks, every member of the association, and deliver to them the envelopes and solicit their contribution to this fund. These envelopes will be distributed by the general

secretary to all the stakes in time for the December collection.

OUR WORK. 875

is a necessity in your association, and should be The Era—The Era

in the hands of every member thereof. It is your duty, as officers, to

see that a thorough canvass is made in your wards for subscribers.

Every officer should be a subscriber. Subscriptions may begin at the

beginning of the volume, or at any time thereafter. The canvass for

subscribers should begin early in September. Do not delay; it makes

the work hard and results poor.

One way to canvass is to appoint five or six young men, themselves subscribers, to thoroughly canvass the ward on a given date, and to continue their labors until the desired results are obtained.

Every ward obtaining, as subscribers, five per cent of its Church population, will be given a rebate of twentyfive cents on each subscription, upon presentation of their claim for said rebate.

The General Board have decided to make a special offer to the associations on the four published volumes. Any Mutual Improvement

Association may have the first, second, third, and fourth volumes, bound in cloth, for $8.00, postpaid. This is a splendid opportunity to obtain

the Era for the libraries, and certainly every association should have the complete set.

is very important that competent young men be Secretaries—It

selected for secretaries who can be depended upon to remain with the association until the season's work is completed, and then make up the statistical report at once. Reports should be prepared during the

season so that at its close, everything being in shape, the reports can be compiled and forwarded without delay.

The secretary should be present at every meeting, or see that some one is there to represent him, if, for some unavoidable reason, he is compelled to be absent. He should keep the president informed in

relation to the programs and all business connected with the association.

He should see that a complete roll is kept containing the names of every member of the association, and that such roll is called at every meeting.

For calling the roll, such methods should be adopted as will best suit the local conditions.

A new roll book will be prepared for the use of the associations during the coming season, and the associations will be notified of its preparation and price as soon as it is ready.

Every association should have a wellkept record, which should include: A roll book carefully kept, minutes of all meetings, including

public lectures and joint sessions, and a record of all financial transactions. Minutes should contain records of all transactions, but not

comments on programs, etc.

876 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Every stake should have a record of all meetings of the superintendency and of the stake board, a roll of all the stake officers, and a careful financial record, also a complete stake directory, showing the names and addresses of every officer of M. I. A. This should show the

names of every ward president, counselor, secretary and other officer.

Miscellaneous—The stake superintendency and aids should hold

board meetings at least once a month, better, as some stakes are now doing, once a week. Where weekly meetings are held, the manual may

be studied on the night of the meeting, and the officers made thoroughly familiar with the lessons one week ahead of all the associations, so that they may criticise and help in their weekly visits. Every week the

stake officers should be in the field visiting the wards.

Ward officers should meet in council every week, and be thoroughly prepared on the lesson so that they may present the same to the best advantage in the class. To these meetings also, all the class leaders

should be invited. It is very important that every officer should be in

possession of the Era so that he may become familiar with the instructions which have been given and are continually being given, concerning his duties in the work.

Outline of Convention Programs—The topics previously outlined

above should be treated in the convention in the following order:

Morning: Preparations for Opening the Season, Grading, Joint

Sessions, The General Improvement Fund.

Afternoon: Class Work, The Manual, and the Missionary Work.

Evening: Era, Secretaries, and Miscellaneous.

As a final word, we say to you that the great aim of the Y. M. M. I.

A. work is the salvation of the young, the obtaining by them of

a testimony of the truth of the Gospel, and the general social and educational improvement of the community, and we sincerely trust that, with these objects in view, every effort will be made to make these conventions a success, and to carry that same success into all our work for the coming season. We pray that the Spirit of the Lord may attend

you in all your work, and make you grandly successful in your labors this season.

With sentiments of love and regard, we are

Your brethren, George H. Brimhall,

Edward H. Anderson,

J. G. Kimball,

Thomas Hull, Bryant S. Hinckley.

Committee.

EVENTS OF THE MONTH.

BY THOMAS HULL, GENERAL SECRETARY OP Y. M. M. L A.

LOGAh—July 18—John F. F. Dorius, a pioneer of Sanpete, died

The thermometer of the government weather bureau registered 101.3, the greatest heat since July 30, 1889, when the temperature was 102 21—Governor and Mrs. Heber M. Wells returned from a six weeks'wedding trip in the east Elders

H. W. Naisbitt and James L. McMurrin, just returned from a mission

to England, spoke in the Tabernacle 22—The Merchants'

Fair opened with a street parade 24—The Y. M. M. I. A. celebrate Pioneer day at the Carnival. Hon. W. H. King delivers a

fitting oration At the Elks'convention, Milwaukee, Wis., it

was decided to hold the 1902 convention in Salt Lake City

Bryant B. Copley dies in Coalville Apostle Heber J. Grant

and company of three missionaries depart for Japan 25

President Lorenzo Snow was chosen president of the L. D. S. University,

vice Angus M. Cannon, resigned and made vicepresident

Joseph F. Smith was elected president of the State Bank of Utah, vice

Heber J. Grant, resigned, and Charles S. Burton was made cashier, vice

Heber M. Wells, resigned 26—A train of newspaper editors

and reporters from various points arrive in Salt Lake The internal revenue collections in the district of Utah, Idaho and Montana amount to $755,673, an increase over last year of $37,308 is ended. It was a financial failure, the committee27—The!street fair

being $2,000 short, and it was s. great moral detriment to the city and

building a new boat to be namedstate 28—P. W. Madsenis

"Louisa,"for the Great Salt Lake 29—The Short Line has

reached Calientes, Lincoln Co.,Nev The grasshoppers, which

have done great damage in Sanpete county, invaded Manti 30—The mining dividends for Utah for July amounted to $369,500; ore

and bullion shipments, to $2,009,535; stock sales, 2,319,348 shares, for

$1,575,464.37 The Pacific Island missionaries and Saints held

878 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

a grand reunion at Saltair. Hon. John T. Caine, master of ceremonies;

President Joseph F. Smith, orator offthe day The hottest

month on the Salt Lake record closed with the thermometer at 99 degrees at 5:30 p. m.

in Manti causes heavy damage to property August 1—A cloudburst

floods from rain are reported from Sevier county. 3—Big

President McKinley issued a'proclamation creating the Payson forest reserve about Mt. Nebo 5—The order for the removal of the

ofiice of internal revenue collector for district of Utah, Idaho and Montana from Helena to Salt Lake City, was issued by Commissioner J. W.

Yerkes. It will now be known as the Utah district. It was made Montana district July 15, 1864, and consolidated August 20, 1883, with

Utah and Idaho Bishop Joseph Wright, born England, Deterrific electric stormcember 8, 1844, died in Coalville 6—A

passed over Salt Lake, disabling all electric lights and power; a cloudburst in Parley's canyon was a sample of many in the southern part of

the state 7—The Utah Press Association entertained 108

Kentucky editors in Salt Lake 9—The new street railway

company of Salt Lake, under the name of Consolidated Railway and

Power Co., and which will control both car companies, filed articles of

incorporation with $4,000,000 capital 14—James Reece,

born England, June 30, 1830, who came to Utah in the handcart company of 1856, died in Payson, Utah county The Philippine

Veterans'Society elected Brig.-Gen. Irving Hall, Denver, president, and

decided to hold their next reunion at Council BluflPs The

Western Funeral Directors held a convention in Salt Lake City, at which

Joseph E. Taylor read a paper on "Early Undertaking in Utah"

15—Ezra T. Clark donated $1,000 to the L. D. S. University, to be used

for a library on natural science Internal Revenue Collector

E. H. Callister opened for business in his new ofiice in Salt Lake City

16—The Ogden baseball team won the 1901 League penant 17—Miss Mabel Snow, daughter of President Lorenzo

Snow, was chosen queen of the Elks'carnival to be held in Salt Lake

City in September 18—Elder B. H. Roberts, at the M. L A.

conference, replies to Dr. Paden's recent talk at the Teacher's institute

of the Utah Presbytery on "The Mormon Idea of God"The

Methodist conference, which has been held in Ogden for three days, adjourned, the closing sermon being by Bishop Charles H. Fowler, president of the Utah mission; $7000 in donations were raised to free the

OgdenDomestic—Julychurch from debt.18—The Epworth Leaguers convention was formEVENTS OF THE MONTH. 879

ally opened in San Francisco 19—The hot wave in Kansas, Missouri

and Illinois, and in fact the whole Mississippi Valley, still continues, the thermometer ranging from 106 to 109 Geii. Felix Agnus

of the Baltimore American, appeals to President Mckinley to abandon as a text book volume 3 of Edgar Maclay's history of the navy (now used in the naval academy), on account of its scurrilous attack upon

Rear Admiral Schley, whom it charges with being a liar and a coward 21—The fifth international convention of the Epworth

League closed by a meeting of 10,000 in the Mechanics pavilion, addressed by Bishop Joyce, who spoke on "Faith in Christ"

Pacific coast, the hot wave is now general through22—Except on the

out the country, and the temperature ranges from 100 in Boston to 108 in Springfield, 111., and 106 in St. Louis 23—The International Mining Congress in Boise is convened Admiral Schley

asks for a naval court of inquiry regarding his action in the Santiago campaign, and will sue Maclay for libel 24—Several rods

on the Brooklyn bridge snap, due to expansion from heat, and traffic is suspended for a time Secretary Long grants Admiral

Schley's request for a court of inquiry It was Utah day at the Buffalo exposition, with few Utahns present

The Mining Congress at Boise urges a department of mining as a new cabinet portfolio 25—The board of inquiry in the Schley

case is named as follows: President, Admiral George Dewey; RearAd-

mirals Lewis A, Kimberley and Andrew E. K. Benham, The

Mining Congress at Boise chose G. L. Shaffner, Cleveland, Ohio, president, and decided to meet in Butte in 1902 President McKinley proclaims free trade with Porto Rico 26—Copious

rains visit drouthstricken Kansas, and part of the corn crop will be saved while the fruit is uninjured 29—The Oklahoma land

lottery opened today in El Reno, by which our government will dispose of 13,000 160acre claims among 166,000 applicants 30

Maratime traffic and labor along the San Francisco docks are at a standthe Amalgamated still30—Effortsowing toarea strikebeing madeamongtotheagreelaborerson termswhobetweenquit by thousands

Association of Labor and the steel combine, but so far no agreement has been arrived at, the steel trust refusing to make any further concessions. The strike will be continued to the bitter end.

H. Phillips Co., a large Chicago commission August 1—George

of Lawton, Okla,, is built in house, suspends 2—The town

a day with 10,000 inhabitants, by disappointed homeseekers of the El result of the bank act of March 4, Reno lottery 5—As a

1900, there have been organized since then in the United States 665 national banks with an aggregate capital of $34,267,000. Out of this

number 135 were in the western states..... Miguel Malvar,

rebel successor of Aguinaldo, has issued a proclamation assuring the natives of the continuation of a vigorous campaign against the Americans, and expressing confidence in its successful issue 6—

RearAdmiral Henry L. Howison will act with the Schley court instead of

Kimberley, who resigned owing to ill health Judge William

Cecil Price, U. S. treasurer under Buchanan, died in Chicago, age 86

880 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

15 General Cabrera was captured by Lieutenant Grant of the 6th cavalry, a move regarded as the most important since the capture of Aguinaldo A tidal wave sweeps the Gulf coast and much property and many lives are lost 17—More men quit

work in Bayview plant, Milwaukee, and the steel strike promises to extend C. M. Hays, president of the Southern Pacific, has resigned and President Burt, of theU, P. will control both roads

18—General MacArthur and staff with 869 enlisted men arrived in San

FranciscoForeign—Julyfrom Manila.18—Earl Russel was sent by the House of Lords to

Holloway prison for three months, for bigamy, on pleading guilty of marrying Mrs. Somerville in Nevada 21—Mrs. Kruger, wife

of President Paul Kruger of the Transvaal, 67 years old, died from pneumonia at Pretoria 23—The Boers captured a British supply

will be finally paid in 1940 Thetrain,26—ThekillingChinesethreeindemnityand wounding eighteen British soldiers

province of Shen King, Manchufia, is in a state of insurrection

George Kennan has been notified to leave Russia 29—Apostle

F. M. Lyman addressed a "Mormon"conference of 400 people in Berlin.

A Pretoria clergyman speaks in Chicago depicting the horrors30—TheofChinesethe Boerhavereconcentradoreplaced thecampsTsungLi-Yamenin South Africa......by a Board of

Foreign affairs, WeiWu-Pu, which takes precedence of the other six boards A revolution has broken out in Venezuela

The House of Commons votes half a million dollars to Lord Roberts for his valiant services in South Africa. Adopted by a vote of 281 to 73.

August 5—Dowager Empress Frederick of Germany, born November 21, 1840, the oldest daughter of Queen Victoria, sister of King

Edward VII, and mother of Emperor William, died in Crongberg at 6:

15 p. m. She was a woman of "dignified selfeffacement,"and had

adopted her husband Emperor Frederick's motto: "Learn to suffer without complaining."7—Lord Kitchener issued a proclamation

giving all South African rebels until September 15, to surrender under penalty of permanent banishment thereafter 9—The minister

of war of Colombia and many soldiers invade Venezuela which may mean

Crispi,war between the two countries 11—Signor Francesco

the former Italian minister, the Bismarck of Italy, died in Naples

Requiem services were held at Kronberg over the body of the Dawager Empress 13—The body of Empress Dowager Victoria

is prorogued The Colombian invaders ofwas17—Parliamentinterred by the side of Emperor Frederick's, at Potsdam

Venezuela, numbering 4,000, were forced back at Encontrados on August 1, after a fierce fight 18—The Alaskan route steamer

Islander, of the Canadian Pacific Navigation Co., collided with an iceberg off Douglas island; sixty lives and much gold is reported lost.

rCALIFORNIA

heatine

Surpassing in Nutritive Value,

Delicacy and Uniform

Excellence:

THE ONLY BREAKFAST WHEAT

WITH ALL THE GLUTEN IN AND ALL THE INDIGESTIBLE WOODY FIBRE OUT.

AT RELIABLE GROCERS * IN 2-LB. PACKAGES.

J* Manufactured by CO., EMPIRE MILLING

SAN FRANCISCO, CALIFORNIA, U. S. A.

THE HIO GRANDE WESTEHN.. AND...

THE DENVER ftp HIO GRAJIDE

Best Loeal Train Serviee in Utah.

From ten to forty minutes the fastest line between Ogfden, Salt Lake City, Lehi, American Fork, Provo, Mammoth, Eureka and all points in Sanpete, Sevier and south.

3 FAST TRAINS DAILY to all Eastern points, with through sleeping and dining cars to Denver, Omaha,

Kansas City, St. Louis and Chicago.

ji ji Ji MAGNIFICENT SCENERY EN ROUTE,

For Rates, etc., enquire of Local Agent or

write—- GEO. W. HEINTZ,

Assistant General Passenger Agent, Salt Lake City.

PROVO CLOTH DO YOU THINK ALL WOOL SUIT.

It is wise to allow your ERAS SEND ONE DOLLARGET AN ALL WOOL to be lost for lack of binding? 8ubj<-ct to exauiiua.- SUIT

tion anrt approval. If you

a recognize bargain when see it you toECONOJVIY IS WHAliTHyou will take

Save your ERAS and Build up thisare theat t-once.asiest Theseto sell Provo'aof anyfcvtr have handled. we a Library of Choice Reading. thing t lie finest Mail They are Order goods, because everyWe Bind Youp body in this whi le country

knows fxactly what they are and what can be expected of them in the way of wear. It's Provo Cloth

Suit $9.23. Only

FIT STYLE, IIWPROVEIVIEHT ERA AND WORKMANSHIP. of elegant—This piece gooiis is a solid ray

In a JSeat Clotb Binding fop in color, made up in round cut, ack style, high art tailoring; good linings, good cut50 CEflTS. ting;in fact,goodthe sewingkind of andclothstitchingand the everykind when-;of tailoring in the paying neighboryou been havePep V/r.lrito retail for regular of $15 way. hood in the—lll-.

Don't miss this opportunity to get a Provo for $9.25. dollar, Or in Two Barts for 75 Cents. Suit one ORDER.—Send TO HOW shall so business, be we assured you mean

and we will send the suit to your nearest express oflice. Betore you pay any more mimey

Volams 1, 2, ahd 3, Boand in Glo h, you may examine it and see if it is as Wf represent it. If It more than satisfies you and you

know yon have a bargain, pay the express

Fop $6-00 Postpaid, agent the balance due and the express ciiarges and keep it.

SIZE.—Send size of coat usually worn;

Send Orders to waistbreast andmeasureinseamlorforthethecoatpants.and vtWest sendand

free samples of the cloth on application.

HOUSE, WESTS MAIL ORDER214 Tettapleton Bldg, Salt Iiake City CHy. Block, Salt Lak 205206 Wittlngham

(WHBN WRITING TO ADVFRTISKRS PI<EASE MKNTIOM THRERA.)

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., Agts.

20 to 26 South JWain Stireet, Salt Liake City.

ARE YOU INSURED?

IE NOT, WHY NOT?

Take Your Choice of Four Strong Companies.

The Hartford North British Fire Insurance and Mercantile 00. COMPANY, INSWRKNOB

(United States Branch.)

Assets, Jan. i, 1900, - $4,037,624.99

Net Surplus, over all Assets, Jan. i, 1900, - $11,002,588.02 liabilities, - - i 791,838.97

Net Surplus, over all The combined fire and life assets of the North British and Mercantile liabilities - - 3,810,204.50 are over $65,000,000.

"INSURE TODAY, TOMORROW MAY BE TOO LATE."

German Pennsylvania Fire Insurance American IlS[S\-/F23=5IS[OB COC07MIF=n:NY,

NEW YORK. FlnlladLejlptiia..

Assets, Jan. i, 1900, - $8,125,840.42 Assets, Jan. I, 1900, - $5,171,306.21

Net Surplus, over all Net Surplus, over all liabilities, - - 3,678,999 liabilities - - 2,181,945.26

. lets the Insurance Companies Carry his Fire Risk A "Wise Man and then Stops Worrying.

WRITE CO., Agts. HEBER J. GRANT &

m 20 to 26 South laio Street, Salt Liake City.

WHBN WRITING TO ADVKRTISKRS PLEASB MENTION THE ERA.)

MOWERS AND BINDERS

a> u;1 UTAH IMPLEMENT COMPANY tu he

139 State Street QJ oSi SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

>o & sC3 03 zA OGDEN IMPLEMENT COMPANY g-4 m

OGDEN, ITAH g s Agents for the two Best m i3o MOWERS 0) a ever made. 03CO (

SaNlHDVW DNIMOW

Oreoon snort) Line Railroad

Operating 1421 Miles of Railroad through the Thriving States of

UTAH, IDAHO, WYOMING, OREGON and MONTANA.

- vTHE ONLY ROAD—

To BUTTE, HELENA, PORTLAND, and the NORTH PACIFIC COAST.

Four Daily Trains between SALT LAKK CITY and OGDEN. The POPULAR.

LINE to all Utali Mining Districts. The Only Road to MERCUR.

The Fastest Service to All Points East.

BUY YOUR TICKETS VIA THE "SHORT LINE,"UTAH'S

FAVORITE RAILROAD.

C/ty Ticket Office, No. 100 West Second South St., Salt La/ce City.

S. W. ECCLES. General Tramc Manager. D. E. BURLEY, Gen. Pass, and Ticket Agt

W. H. BANCROFT. VicePrest and General Manager.

(when wrkpino to advertisers please mention the era.)

Agricultural College of Utah,

LOGAN. UTAH.

The Scientific Technical College of the State. Provides Liberal, Thorough

and Practical Education.

THEAgricultural College of Utah offers thorough courses in

Agriculture, Domestic Science, Commerce, Civil Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, General Science, Manual Training in Mechanic Arts and in Domestic Arts; also a Preparatory

Course.

The equipment comprises i6 buildings, with modern classrooms; chemical, biological, mineral ogical, physical, and soilphysics laboratories; department museums; dairy; carpenter,

forge, and machine shops; kitchen; sewing rooms; library and

reading rooms; thoroughly equipped commercial rooms; and

such additional apparatus, instruments, and machinery as are required for thorough and efficient work throughout all departments.

The Fuculty numbers 37. The fall term opens September 17.

For illustrated catalog and other information address,

AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE, Logan, Utah.

e o*oooo*o*o*o*ooo*o*oo*oaoo*oo*o*ooo*o*o*o*o*ooo*coo*o*o*oo*oo*ooo*o*o*oaoooootooooooo*oaoooo*oo*o*o*ooooooooo*oo*ooooo*oooooooao*ooo*ooo*o*o*o*ooo*oo*ooo 5 Sg

ss UfllVEHSITV op UTAH, SSo* o* SflliT liflKB CITY. o8S ooaoo* 82o oo* o*

gS of includes University the Utah The School of Arts and Sciences, the State o8S of. the State School.So School Mines and Normal oo

THE SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES OFFERS

COURSES IN:

1. General Science.

2. Liberal Arts.

ss

of THE STATE SCHOOL OF MINES OFFERS COURSES IN: SSZm

I. Mining Engineering. *

80 2. Electrical Engineering. SS

io THE STATE NORMAL SCHOOL OFFERS: Sso

ss I. A four years'Normal Course. gS

o 2. Advanced Normal Courses.

go 3. Courses in Kindergarten Training. ss

8S A Preparatory School is also maintained, which gives preparatfbn for gS 2 courses in General Science, Liberal Arts, Mining and Electrical Engineering, go Law, Medicine and Business. So

88 New buildings, splendid equipment, beautiful site, healthful location.

gg Fall term begins September nth. Sg

So The University Annual, which gives full information concerning courses, g 88 etc., will be sent free on application. gS

g D. R. ALLEN, Secretary. 8

88 SSo*ooo*ofO*o*ooooaofOoo*o*o*oo*o*ooo*o*o'-0o*ooao*o*o*ooco*oo*oaoocooooooo*oo*oo*o090o*ooaooooo*oo*oaoo*oooooooooooo*ooooo*ooooooo*ooo*ooooooo*oo0'(.WHEN WKITINQ TO ADVBBTISBRS PLEASE MENTION THE BBA.)

"l.. i..i..;..i..!..!.. t.. i.. t..;..!.. |..i; | i 1..;..;..;..;..! i i i..!..!..;..;..!..!. "l 1 11 '4 "l"l M..) '!-H"H-H"l"l"l

:: Happinessf to Womankind

Means happiness to 5tll. One of the necessities to produce

this i-esult anieng ciyltivated people is goodclo'thing. It must

be upto-date in fashion and quaHty. It must be obtainable

at prices that are not exorbitant. These required conditions

are met in every respect in the immense stock of Autumn

Goods just received at Z. C. M. I. These goods are the

very latest, the very best, and the very cheapest high quality materials offered in the west.

Special Invitation to Ladies I A

Is extended the present week to view the lovely assortment of new dress materials now presented 'to the public at the lowest possible prices. Our Cloak Department, Dress

Goods Department, Underwear Department, Notions Department, and in fact all divisions of our great store, are replete with the very choicest stock obtainable in the Z. C. M. L

best markets of the world. Call on

T. G. "WEBBER, Sopt. us and you will be well satisfied.

..4.4..i..i..i..i.. i..:..i..i.

BiJSISISMaEM@ieMSMSMSiaMaiSiaiSiaMSMei3IM3iai0MS

Owift*s i remium Hams

G)oked in any manner arc always delicious and of superior quality. Swift's Premium Bacon has

the delicate flavor and dainty appearance so essential In breakfast bacon. Inspected by U. S.

Government

Swift and Company

Chicago Kansas City Omaha St. Louis St. Joseph St. Paul