TMrnprooementEra

r.

jmmMH m

5 U/tHrr

IP

RETURN POSTAGE GUARANTEED

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

THE BROWNS GET AN UNFORESEEN MOTOR REPAIR BILL

GARAGE Bill

ALL BECAUSE NEITHER MR.

BROWN NOR MRS. BROWN

WOULD LOOK AFTER THEIR CAR'S LUBRICATION..

THEY LET "ANYBODY"DO IT!

You own the same make Carefully following this of car we do, Mary. Who diagram of your car, we

lubricates it?

lubricate every point exOur neighborhood Shell That's the sign Mary actly as the manufacturer dealer. Jim says Shellusaid to look for. specifies. No chance of

a part being overlooked. brication is approved by

the men who built the car.

We give you this diagram We vacuum or brush out upholstery receipt on which all work We rubberdress tires and running boards done is recorded.We also We eliminate body squeaks

keep a record here so we Shellubrication proWe check lights and clean lenses can remind you when vides sixteen oils and each kind of lubrication We wipe off body greases -each tailor- - jlish windows and shine all chromium comes due.

made for its job. Thus,

every moving part is lubricated properly and it stays lubricated \ I longer. JSS& 4&

errorproofThis new, lubrnoM!*S is offeredrication method

by a Shell dealer in your "neighborhood. Supervisedby Shellubrication engi00 fflESJBj **m n.neers... using "factory- m Mod,engineered,"upto-date 7% emmethods, he is a lubrication 'xpP & meeP$tervt'ce

expert in every sense of the word. Talk to him about

Shellubricating your car.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1937

UTAH invites YOU

To Enroll for Training—at a University whose traditions, buildings, facilities andCalendar for 193738 faculty rank it among the leading institutions of higher learning

Freshmen Placement Test, Sept. 22; Regisin America.

23, 24; Registrationtration Sept. of Freshmen.

25; Registration Sept. oi UpTHE SCHOOLS: Arts and Sciences, Education, Business,oi Sophomores,

per Division, Sept. 27; Regular Class Work Mines and Engineering, Medicine, Law, Graduate Work, Social

Begins, Sept. 28. Work, Extension Division.

UNIVERSITY Of UTAH SALT LAKE CITY

WRITE FOR CATALOG. ADDRESS, THE PRESIDENT

Heber J. Grant,

John A. Widtsoe,

Editors Improvement Richard L. Evans,

Managing Editor Marba C, Josephson, Editor Associate General Mgr.AUGUST, 1937 George Q. Morris,

Associate Mgr. Beesley,

Business Mgr. VOLUME 40 ClarissaJ. K. OrtonA..

"THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"OFFICIAL ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTDO YOU KNOWCOMMITTEE, MUSIC OF EDUCATION. WARD MENT Youth when Who is Youth—and AGENCIES OTHER TEACHERS, OF THE CHURCH AND 473 Page begins and ends? SAINTS. OF CHRIST LATTERDAY The Glory of God is Intelligence'OF JESUS

Why belief in an unseen world is a basic necessity, for successful scientific research? Page 476 TABLE OF CONTENTS

What are the fundamental aims of the M. I. A.? Page 480cJhe ibattors Wage

To the Youth of the Church Heber J. Grant 471 How and why magnetic stations

are established by the United Lshurch QJeatures States Geodetic Survey? Page 484

How successful people become sucThe Articles of Faith VIII. The Unity of the Universe cessful? Page 486

John A. Widtsoe 476

A Call To High Destiny.....George Q. Morris 480 What Southern Utah Chapel the

Beautification Improvement and Nelson Irvin T. 488 Cedar City Points the Way of Committee sets a model up as Tallies Curtis R. SwissGerman Up Lindsay 509 excellence? 488 Page

President Grant's European Itinerary, 467; The British Centennial in Salt Lake City, 467; Church Moves On, 497; DeHow the two thousand acres of the

partment of Education, 507; Priesthood: Melchizedek, 510; valuable Hurricane Bench were

Aaronic and Ward Teaching, 513; When There's a Highbrought under cultivation by Morway in the Sky, Roberta Blake Clayton, 511; Shakespeare's mon cooperative effort, without

Plays broadcast, 515; Churchwide Photos, 507 and 518; Dr. government aid and virtually

Widtsoe Given Recognition by Chemurgic Council, 517; without capital? Page 492

P. A. C. A. Sends Thanks to Era, 515.

Who is the new president of the

Special QJeatures CaliforniatineSyrian mission?mission? TheThePalesnew

Who is Youth?—When is Youth? J. Reuben Clark 472 German mission? Page 500

The Log of a European Tour Lucy Grant Cannon 482 What university has honored the

First Principles Franklin S. Harris 484 bronzelate Anthonyplaque? W. Ivins withPage 503a When Water Came to Hurricane Richard L. Evans 492

Your Energy Tank and Mine Pearl Udall Nelson 502 What the M. I. A. Reading Course

A Man Who Knows His Stuff Jack Sears 486 Books are for next season?

Be Thou Fearful Only of Thyself, Elma H. Wagner, 468; Page 505

Dustcloth, Perry, 500; Armstrong I Wash On the My fast a fox can run? Page 508 Book How 505; 504; Books, Homing, Course Rack, I. A. Reading M.

Advertisers, 523; Index to Your Page and Ours, 528; How plants sleep? Page 508 518. (conclusion), Cannon, Joseph London J.

If an animal can live in oxygen?

tbattorials Page 508 conversions are coming many 496 How David O. McKay On "Unionism"mission activities? from stake'. L. Richard Free Evans 496 Agency and Cooperative Effort Page 510

OFFICES:QJiction, croetru, Lsrosswora LPuzzte 50EXECUTIVENorth Main AND EDITORIAL

City. Utah the When Duty Whispers Low Estelle Webb Thomas 475 Copyright 1937. by Street, Salt Lake

Association Corporation the of

Latterday Saints. The Outlaw of Navajo Mountain Albert R. Lyman 478 ImprovementChurch of Jesus Young Men's Mutual Christ of The Loneliness of Alces Claude T Barnes 487 All rights reserved. Subscription price, $2.00

a year, in advance; 20c Single Copy.

at Office, Entered the Post Salt City. Lake Frontispiece: Ingram, 469; HighStalking Beauty, Josephine

as secondclass matter. for Acceptance Taylor lights in Marble, Rachel Grant and Christie Lund mailingUtah, at special rate of postage provided

Coles, 490; Poetry Page, 501; My Prayer, Amy Kemp, 504; for in section 1103. Act of October. 1917,

Scriptural Crossword Puzzle, 516. authorizedThe ImprovementJuly 2, 1918.Era is not responsible

for unsolicited manuscripts, but welcomes conby sufficient postage for delivery and return.oJhe Clover tributions. All manuscripts must be accompanied

"\T7ind VV Chicago.in the WithGrass"itsis freshnessthe title ofof thisbeautyphotographicand modeststudyloveliness,by Donit Wallacesymbolizesof A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY

the glory of youth and the promise of harvest. MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

PRESIDENT GRANT'S EUROPEAN ITINERARY

'""Phe Log of a European Tour,"iting scenes of war interest, art interRiver Ribble, and a Centennial gath- * by Lucy Grant Cannon, pages est and other general attractions. ering in Rochdale, July 31 to August 2.

482483, follows President Grant and On June 26 the journey was made Following the British Centennial the Centennial party from Salt Lake from Paris to French Mission headcelebration, President Grant plans visCity to Cherbourg, France. A subquarters in Liege, Belgium, where he its to the scene of the International

sequent installment by the same aumet with the missionaries laboring near Boy Scout Jamboree in Holland, folthor will tell more of the European Liege that evening and next day lowed by a tour of the Netherlands and activities of the President of the spoke at the Seraing and Liege SunScandinavian Missions.

of the three the members andChurch Herstal the Schools, dedicated day activities of his In European many the of Y. PresidencyGeneral M. W. at evening chapel and spoke Branch

is President joined President Grant by briefly achowever, Here,I. A. we chapel. services at the Liege also party Clark, His Jr. Reuben J. followPresident's time the forcount

ing the arrival at Cherbourg, June 22. Subsequent days found the Presiincludes in some of the various stages

dent's party in Ypres, Geneva and of travel, Dr. Richard R. Lyman, CenAt Cherbourg the President and the Basel. Several days, beginning July tennial President of the European Mismore than three score westerners of 4, were spent at the last named place sion; President Grant's Secretary, Jothe Centennial party were greeted which is the headquarters of the new seph Anderson, his daughter, Lucy

aboard the Empress of Australia by SwissAustrian Mission. From here Grant Cannon, Ruth May Fox and

Dr. Richard R. Lyman, and President visits were made in the CzechoSlo- Clarissa A. Beesley of the General

O. F. Ursenbach of the French Misvakian Mission, followed by approxiPresidency of Y. W. M. I. A Richsion. A midocean cable had changed mately a week in Germany. ard Grant Smith, a grandson and rein plans, accordancethe President's British Presimissionary, the leased

visit in the the Following Germany Paris, to proceeded hewith which visited, oththe of dents Missions and to traveled from England, where the party 24,where, addressed he on June in er of the EuChurch members now for continuing 20, than and more July guest. invited as an ClubAmerican rope.

British ten days, Centennial Mission

A brief stay in Paris was devoted activities were scheduled to include the The President is expected to return to making the acquaintance of memdedication of a chapel in Liverpool, to Salt Lake City about the middle bers of the Church there and to visthe dedication of a monument on the of September.

THE BRITISH CENTENNIAL IN

SALT LAKE CITY Simultaneously with the celebration of onehundred years of activity in the oldest overseas mission to of the Church, the British Centennial tle in the will be observed Salt Lake meeting Tabernacle with a mass Sunovf 19 ovA day, August 1, beginning at 8:00 lac*s p. m., to which British missionaries, *Z

converts, British descendants, and the entire Church membership are invited.

The main address will be delivered ovlovx by President David O. McKay of the Atf ftYv

First Presidency, and former gf dent of Mission. the European Presi-A

moving tableau and colored slides, presented direction the of under

( will ephine Goff, depict promi- M. JosYV*vdo \icrf a personalities nent notable scenes and

in British Mission history. c&. Music will be presented by the <*ie\

direction of the under Orpheus Club ol *** Albert with Southwick, Frank J. if*e\,\00/o at organ. the Tabernacle Asper \,o&e,Sv \ess. >ut will British origin of hymns Mormon ioToMT

be featured. oAe ot cs

The Salt Lake City British Centennial Celebration is being directed by a British Mission Association

Committee composed of W. Jay TtfascxscJft \300 Eldredge, President; Wendell J. Ashton, B. Fred Pulham, Jr., Alma J. Larkin, and Ralph Hardy, and by a Ho&S*** yies

General Church Committee composed Co'xs*& of the of Charles Council A. Callis

of the Chairman; Twelve, Gordon B. 36 So*& SVe t-W jtttT.one \3V&

Hinckley, Wendell J. Ashton, and SetvVp3

W. Jay Eldredge.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1937

SAY POP, REMEMBER I'M WEARING A/iY Jhaimnq (payA* ilEW overalls!

r >\ DON'T WORRY ABOUT THEM $ON t THEY'RE LEVI'S.'BE THOU FEARFUL

ONLY OF THYSELF BY ELMA HAYMOND WAGNER Tf our bad, unspoken thoughts are registered against us, will not the good thoughts unspoken, the love and tenderness, the pity, beauty and charity which pass through the breast and cause the heart to throb with silent good, find remembrance too? It is said that our words, once

out of our lips, go traveling on, reverberating forever and ever. If our

words, why not our thoughts? We

never know how far or how deeply our words will sink. They may

travel quickly to a great distance or simply dig their way into some

High School and nearby heart and lodge there, growing into something real. It

College Graduates pays well to guard our lips. And

it pays truly as well to guard our professional you We offer thoughts. all in commercial training

subjectsAccustom yourself, therefore, to think upon nothing but what you

Gregg Shorthand could fully reveal, if the question

Stenotypy (machine shortwere put to you, so that if your soul hand) were laid open, there would nothing Tough as elephant hide. Easy

Machine Calculation appear but what could be brought as an old shoe. No wonder

Commercial Arithmetic to the light without blushing. The LEVI'S have been the choice

Commercial thoughts. is his to every man Law key of ranchers, lumbermen, cowEnglish thoughts, habitual are thy as Such

Salesmanship so also will be the character of thy boys, and sportsmen for nearly

Typewriting mind, for the soul is dyed by the 70 years. LEVI'S are made

Penmanship thoughts. from speciallyloomed denim,

Personal Development Our character is always within so heavy it won't even snag in

Secretarial Practice ourselves, but our reputation is in brush. They're copperriveted

A course here will prepare others. Reputation is the light by at all points of strain... and so

for looks what we the world better for the you that stitched strongly you get is and women what men to has business whichare—it offer—posipositions is character what us; but think of financial that tions mean RIP! FREE IF THEY A NEW PAIR us. of angels the know God and responsibility, independence,

and unlimited opportunities Be thou then fearful only of thyfor progress. self, and stand in awe of none more

than of thine own conscience, for

Write or Call for Information there is in every man a severe censor of his manners. And he that rever- L D. S. BUSINESS ences this judge will seldom do anycevtswaist overalls

of. repent thing need he CO. LEVI STRAUSS & COLLEGE upright and walketh that "He 01 Angeles Francisco San - Los

70 North Main Salt Lake City heart, in his and the truth speaketh

Wasatch 1812 walks humbly with God, shall dwell PATRONIZE YOUR HOMETOWN in the Holy House."MERCHANT... HE'S YOUR NEIGHBOR!

PATHWAY BORDERING LAKE LOUISE, ALBERTA, CANADA. Photograph by H. C. Singer.

STALKING BEAUTY ROTTING ahead like an eager hound, BY

trail the over leads upward The hiltJOSEPHINE INGRAM tail the ground, pointing, nose toPlumed

It dips to the hollow where, darkly chill,

Seaweed green and ocean cool He must be swift who would follow still

Under a sagging, mosshung bridge, The wake of the silent, stalking hound

Water lies in a ferndraped poolWhen beauty is fleeing, and over the hill,

Then up, and on to the highest ridge! The trail leads on with its nose to the ground

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1937

/Begin cl]&Wi Jjurininq fob the J-utute DURING The SemiCentennial Year AT THE UTAH STATE AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE

Freshmen Register on Friday and Saturday, September 24 & 25

Upper Classmen on Monday, September 27

This is your opportunity to get vital training in your chosen profession and to increase materially your earning power and value as a citizen at an Institution after 50 years standing as a Leader among the Educational Institutions of the country.

MORE THAN 900 COURSES IN 50 DEPARTMENTS

Courses are offered in the following schools:

AGRICULTURE HOME ECONOMICS FORESTRY EDUCATION ARTS AND SCIENCES ENGINEERING and

COMMERCE MECHANIC ARTS

Write to the President's Office for a Catalogue or additional information

UTAH STATE AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE

LOGAN, UTAH

I/ib EDITOR'S PAGE made quite a success down in CaliCi I/lessage fornia. He was applying for a position to manage a large real estate

company. The president of the

company, who was examining him, had made some good remarks about TO THE YOUTH him, and expected to employ him, but finally he said: "You are a

Mormon."that."I have outgrown "Oh, OF THE CHURCH said, the president "All right,"

By PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT "comeThe backemployertomorrow."then sent for the

said: stake, and the of president

I POSSIBLY IS IN CAN THAT POWER NOTHING MY HpHERE outfeels has he youngster "The OF OF YOUTH THE ADVANCEMENT THE DO FOR I there know 'Mormonism.'grown

I I IN YOU. BELIEVE PROPOSE TO DO. THAT BUT ZlON outto in is 'Mormonism'nothing

I I ARE THE THINK I YOU YOU. RESPECT YOU. LOVE printo the lived If up he grow.PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT IN ANY BE FOUND TO AND FINEST WOMEN YOUNG MEN it make would ciples 'Mormonism'of

PART OF THE WORLD. him a better man. Now, unless you

can individually recommend this posithe will get not he man, young are of Zion youth the far as I So a young was when remember tion."fear, I because have no concerned, great a many hearing of man said, stake the of president The the keeping commandare those who in years along were men who I psystudying been has he "Well, progressing are the of Lord ments faith of our not those particularly he fareyou-well, and to a chology in power strength andin growing and Brigthat idea the when expressing 'Moroutgrown has just thinks he are those influence, in and who first and of leaders the and Young ham monism'."of principles the from drifting away away, "Mormonpassed the Church I on passed he before wish in influence losing are the Gospel I that learned end. ism"would had the did, by he which way—he I prestige. happen and power and that with feeling the originally was book, Link's psychologist the read of a instance boy of one to soknow "Mormonism,"Smith, Joseph the of Religion, one to Return The one in today bank, a it worked is who die. wondercalled, But would I the during read have finest books city. of the The banks leading of the Latterthe of ful the growth to see psy- a was year. This past man exclusively almost owned I was bank that from understand Saints. day in giving agnostic, and chologist and Church. the of a nonmember by statistics growing are national we reform to to people on advice how a with the into bank went boy to our The in proportion rapidly more so give to them lives their he had president the his in mouth, cigar and church. other than any numbers finally that he advice scriptural much in said:... the of "Come my bank it be. is The should as This himself. religion to turned has in, the and office."went boy proThe is progressing, and Church

gressing in a most satisfactory president of the bank said: "Young There is nothing within my power

manner.... man, go and get your time, and go that I can possibly do for the ad-

I rejoice in the very splendid home."vancement of the youth of Zion but

record that has been made from "What is the matter? Haven't I that I propose to do it. I have been

the from as know, laboring, you asked. the well?"boy work done clear my north, the down on Canada

I. first was A. the time Y. M. M. the south, "Yes."the by into on Mexico

... to that day organized. From

: is been matthat the have Saints said Latterday "What boy The in pleasure I great this taken have

I Gospel. if the principles of ter, work to the done then, have my the of for the advancement laboring Godfear- a as today are well?"known trueWe I in I you. believe Zion. of youth indipeople. ing, Every upright cigar."a smoking "You I think I you. respect you. love principles to the lives vidual up who smokes."boy "You finest and the young men are you as aresmoke—your Christ of Jesus of the Gospel of part in I any boys drink, to found be and "Yes, and my women earth through the here established on

I shouldn't taught parents world. have the drink: but your And why of Joseph instrumentality the

it this of people for that labor alone, to tobacco leave to want you reis of honor and worthy Smith

I to I conit expect will dedo, that for kind? is and you, not good persecution of and spect. day The

I here and stay to tinue, expect your capacity and and tract your from almost has lying of slander and of it in just the as long as the Lord things continue ability to accomplish there are course, disappeared. Of

... it will life, burn me. wants of and that still the battle go telling a few liars who

old stories against us....But today up, so to speak, part of your income. May the Lord bless us and help

handling I don't any boy of want this, in the Church us to grow that where saying safe in we And I am is I believe bank who money and only in my one the Christ, Jesus are actually known are known we as a Godfearing people, and those going contrary to the teachings of Church, speaking of the Church colwho are living the Gospel are rehis father and his mother. I doubt lectively, in which the revelation says

it spected and esteemed as among the very much if they know that you the Lord is well pleased. I ask

finest citizens in our country. The are smoking. I am inclined to think all in the name of our Redeemer.

character of every true Latterday that you are smoking on the sly. Amen. (From President Grant's

Saint is worthy of the respect of all Just get another job."Greeting at the 42nd Annual Conmen. I call to mind a young man who ference of the M. I. A.)

S YOUTH?

And what must they give and take as they hew their way through the realities of life in a world of scheming, plotting men.

BY PRESIDENT J. REUBEN CLARK

In this time we first learned some rather obvious things, that to then we had not really known. Of course

you know them already. We learned there were day and night, that

there were twentyfour hours in a day and 365 days in a year; that we

should like to touch upon a very just managed to crawl under the did not keep the same age, but year is year older half ( that we grew this); learned that every year I confrontfew of theyou.manyI problemswarn youwhichthey bottomrememberone.someBut, ofoldtheas wethingsare, wewe byof us

are the veriest commonplaces; the boasted and prophesied on that had four seasons, falling in the same

obvious; you have heard them often great, long ago day of ours. We sequence; that the rain fell on the

before; wisdom seemed to suggest are a little shamefaced about them just and the unjust and that the sun

it might be well for you to hear them now, because even to our dimming shone on all alike; that when it was

again. They concern you as the eyes and jaded imaginations, the cold it was cold for everybody, and

actual realities things bear to the we the heat. with the of today. youth same found We and prophesied, hardly the that springtime speaking the of time was of youth, I wish to boasted And

touch upon some of the ideas unresemblance of a thin, pale shadow planting, that fall was the time of derlying the socalled Youth Moveof a defaming caricature. And in harvesting; that if we did not plant

the things then had the we in spring, the I could not harvest ment of the because we am turn, day—not to courage boast to prophesy and fall; in the justified that big seasons in feeling of crops that are you here

infected with these ideas, for I must were but the faintest echoes of what might be followed, and in the long assume, to the contrary, that the we dreamed and visioned. view were always followed, by small

spirit and teachings of this Church In that faraway day, some of us crops or none at all. We found that

will have given you the true view of strutted off the campus great warthe earth and its people were govlife, its meaning, its high purpose, riors, others sort of smirked off as erned by law and order and not by its destiny of ultimate divinity. But renowned diplomats, eclipsing whim and caprice, nor by our desire.

I shall do it merely by way of inocuMachiavelli at his best—or worst; We learned that the mass of peolating you against future contagion others went forth jurists, statesmen, ple cared little for what we said and

or infection. I shall do it with such orators, painters, dramatists, officers less about what we thought. And

soberness as an old man can muster, of cabinet, presidents. Strength Nature did not even know we had

who has had some experience, some knotted our muscles, courage fired spoken or thought.

disillusionment, but who stands in a our blood, the will to do was king;

faith which strengthens day by day, hope leaped to the top of the top- 'T'hese things we learned; a dreamwith some vision of the beauties and most sky, ambition was a roaring destroying consciousness began

glories of the Gospel and of its lion, victory stood with arms outto come to us as it does to one who eternal principles which, obeyed, will stretched, fame smiled and beckawakes from a sound sleep. Our eyes

lead us on to salvation and exaltaoned. Oh, what a glorious day it slowly opened; we blinked out upon

was! What a distinguished class a strange world, one of realities.

tion.We again, all of us, even though we were! Then along came full manhood

we have passed by the dead line of So we went forth in ecstasy, and womanhood to live with us.

seventy years, still remember in a treading on air. Then we dreamed We began to feel the press of gainsort of debilitated way, how we felt on, and dreamed to put the world in ing a livelihood, the responsibilities

when we went over the top for a step, our step, the step of buoyant, of a family; we met greed and

piece of sheepskin. I say "went vibrant youth. But youth passed on avarice; we came to know deception

over the top,"but some of us slipped away from us, with the world, not and falsehood; cheating and disthrough between the bars, and others ourselves, still out of step. honesty visited us; the bitter conflicts

isWhen youth?

ages prophesy what each generation

Dresident Clark was invited will do with its time, its effort, and to deliver the Commenceits life. Sometimes political, ecoment address to the 1937 gradnomic, or moral plagues afflict huuates of Brigham Young Unimanity and the prophecy seems to

versity, which he did on June fail, just as diseases and physical 9th at Provo, Utah. From out plagues poured out upon men may

of that vital message to youth seem to break for a time the morfacing life in a world of growtality rules of the actuary's insuring complexity has come this ance tables which predict the length article, adapted by the editors of human life with the accuracy of of the "Improvement Era,"an algebraic formula. But time in

which will give pause to many each case rights all this, and the who have not thought so cleargreat constants of human life resume ly on some currently popular control. Nothing is more certain in

misconceptions. all the universe than human nature, even though in its variations among

individuals it approaches infinity.

Youth may not expect any change of life pushed themselves upon us; in this principle.

we had to do battle for the existence If I were reading the thoughts of of ourselves and loved ones. We someone holding the ideas of the have reached that age, you will have

learned we could not cheat, cajole. youth movement of today, I should staked out your claim and you may

deceive, or defraud nature, nor great see plainly written out on the illuminot be quite willing to give it up to natural laws, nor spiritual laws, nated leaves of his brain, a protest some youngster who is three or four either. We found that the law alagainst what I am saying and a years your junior, just because he

ways exacts its penalty. declaration that these times are diffeels the acquisitive urge. You will

This time was, for all of us, the ferent, that old rules are gone, that think he might get to work and earn time of disillusionment, and, for old laws have been changed, that a his own, just as you did, and not some of us, the time when hope died new world is here with new hopes, take what you have worked for.

and discouragement came to dwell new ideas, new standards, new asBut even if youth (whoever and with us. But as troubles piled higher pirations, new achievements, new whenever it is) could accomplish

and higher, there came to those who adjustments, that the world belongs these little turnovers to themselves lived righteously, enduring faith, the to youth, which is to come now into of flocks and lands, houses and hope of eternal life, a knowledge its long postponed heritage. stocks, that belong to someone else,

that God lives, an understanding To us who have been working, what about jobs and places and posiof the truths of the Gospel and of struggling for a lifetime to get a tions requiring experience and long its saving principles, a love for God small portion of the earth, this idea cultivated skill? A playwright for

and for fellowmen, an abiding trust of owning the earth has its allureinstance; the public may not conin the divine will and purpose. And ments. As our early youth dreams sider each one who wishes to write

so we passed to the middleaged were not pictured in quite such bold a Shakespeare. The public is pematurity. colors as yours, two questions come culiar that way, and has its own

As knowledge grew and experito our aged minds, disciplined by inconvenient ideas. So of painting

ence multiplied, we gathered wismany disappointing years: Who is and sculpture, and music and law

dom, the most precious of God's youth? Is it you who are here toand so through the list of professions

gifts to the mind. Then this maday, or those who were here a year and of the management of any great

turity, which had so gradually ago, or ten years ago, or those who business, industrial or financial. And

worked its way amongst us, it too will be here a year hence, or ten the same principles hold true in the passed on. Ripeness came, someyears hence? And the other quesschools, in the Church, and in all

times overripeness; and finally we tion is: When is youth? Is it from activities of life. People want in reare become as you see us today 15 to 18, or 19 to 20, 21 to 24, or 25 sponsible places persons of experiyour parents and your grandparto 30, or all the way from 15 to 30; ence in whom they have confidence

ents, and rightly or wrongly, we see and if 15, why not 14, and then and trust; but experience, confiourselves in you. And because we down to the cradle roll; and if 30, dence, and trust are plants of very

passed through all these things I why not 31, and up to take in us of slow growth.

have spoken about, and our parents the classes of the 80's and the 90's Some may say: We could learn.

and grandparents passed through of the last century? This latter idea Surely youth can learn. And that

them before us, and theirs before looks so attractive to us that we answer solves the problem. But

them, we, from this experience of should like time to consider it. learning takes time, and time breeds

ours that I have told you about, Of course, if you include anyone age, and age murders youth. So

conclude that you will travel along more than 21 or 22, you will find that if it be to youth that the earth beby the very same way. the older ones have already staked longs, then youth loses by robbing

Someone shakes his head. May out a claim to some of the earth's itself through gaining age.

I ask him to think of this: The crust and they may not willingly But another one may say you are

experience of humans through the give it up. Furthermore, when you speaking of the grossly material

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1937 things. True, there are things we of all that has gone before. Not all

have to eat, to drink, and to wear; bad has yet been cut out; but over

these are rather important, too. But the centuries the worst always dies;

we are thinking of the higher things the best lives.

the times also bring youththat make—I wonder if I dare say But

have. did not other problems it, we it is a "more fine phrase—the

libof guarantee our life."Our freedom, areabundant Some youth

saying we are planning new laws erties, our Constitutional governof economics, new political tenets, ment, these were not threatened new rules for finance, new principles when we went forth. The world

of international conduct and relathreatens them now, in every land disorder,tions. We will let you old men do and clime. Lawlessness,

all these other oldfashioned, necesgreed, avarice, swagger about us.

sary things. I suppose that means Free government, the government of

that we old fellows are to continue democracy, is challenged. If it is

to feed and clothe youth as we have to be saved, then the youth of yeslargely and gladly done until this terday, the youth who are here, the time. Well, there might something youth who are coming, must save it.

be said for that. But have you Civil war again threatens, indeed

thought how hard it is to make may even now have begun. This

canary birds or mice sing? I retime it is class war, the most cruel,

cently listened over the radio to an the bloodiest, the most inhuman of international contest of singing will lead, as always, to the wiping all, as the French and Russian Revomice; some refused to sing, some out of the people who practice it. lutions and the existing civil war in

apparently died as the result of the The ages of the pastare filled with Spain so clearly show.

effort to make them sing. We old this constant human experience. A few generations back, your anones might be like the mice. The earth belongs to him only who cestors gave their lives to establish

works for it. Neither nature nor democracy on this continent: your

Tt has always been contrary to law, God gives something for nothing. grandfathers fought and died to give

to order, and to morals since soWork must be done for whatever the freedom of that democracy to ciety was organized, for John to man has. Even breathing requires all men, irrespective of race or color;

take the property of James without muscular effort and we must move some of your fathers and brothers paying for it, even though some our bodies if we would lie always in went to the front in the recent

James has, in fact, always taken the sun. World War to maintain democracy,

some John's property by robbery. I am sure that study and reflection and some of them never returned.

The Johns have always resented will show that our economics, our The price of human liberty has althis; they devised such phrases as politics, our finance, our principles ways been human suffering and huthat "a man's house is his castle."of international conduct and relaman sacrifice. You may have to

"Thou shalt not steal"and "thou tions are at least a part of the best determine how much this freedom shalt not covet"came from the which has come to you without price, thunders of Sinai. When governis worth to you and to your chilprice will pay, for the protecyou organizedment was dren,—what notable Presitem from A nother will also if necessary, all, necessary yoution of it became ident Clark's to ** to address the whether,

take some of the property of each Youth of a modern day is here remake the final sacrifice as did your for the joint benefit of all. Governprinted: forefathers. I pray the Lord to give

ment is a joint enterprise for the "No baser thing, nor more destrucyou wisdom and courage. You will

tive finer all the of sentiments and need governmentjoint welfare. Sound

of life, ever conwas for it in sensibilities prescribed purposes thehas Weboth.may not set up falsehood in cocted than the idea that the imsex

the Preamble to the Constitution of pulse is like the impulse of hunger any of its myriad forms, and worship the United States. But when govand thirst and is to be like gratified. it; false lives, false living; false

ernment goes beyond these purposes This doctrine is born of the evil one; standards; false ideals; false docit leads to destruction. is scarcely Sex trines; false principles; to clothe to false comand undertakesand in feed held bounds banked when false about panions; prophets; false take toits begins society then and all with the restraint control and

John's property without compensawhich a mature and disciplined will Christs; false Gods. This we must

tion to feed James and clothe him, can build up, and when that will is not do.

helped attaching to by the sex sanclolls in unnecessary profits not get thewhile I must and James tity which belongs to as being life his time lazes of orpublic office from away the goods my placed in that man he help pleasures it may at home or loafs all day on the street carry out the divine plan of giving and sorrows of others. What the

corner, then this is making John bodies to waiting spirits. But when world needs today as badly as it

is sex bidden to well within up in idleness, anything to the needs support Jameswork bodies of immature, undisciplined, unis time slavery. the oldand this tween meum knowing, it et tuum—betweenis a knowledgeminebeunwise youth, becomes

You may try to hide this ugly a boiling caldron that consumes all and yours. You may reasonably exfact of slavery or dress it up, or the finer instincts and leaves its vicpect to enjoy your own rights and

disguise it, you may call it by all tims physical and moral wrecks. your own goods, only if you will refacing "You Youth, the divine renames, spect the rights highsounding of others.sorts of fancy, and goods lationship of parenthood, I do not, it is slavery. safety fact remains can There peace andbut the be no beseech you, drag yourselves and

And slavery is an anachronism in your children down to the ground in the world, and no liberty, without today's human society, a reversion among the beasts; rather raise yourthese. Indeed, with these gone, civto an abandoned type, a setting up selves to the skies among the angels."ilization will go. I pray you ponder

of an outgrown, outworn system that (Concluded on page 516) [Presenting another Luthhert story which

deals tenderly with the plight of {Budding

LJouth—WHEN DUTY WHISPERS

HE INSTANTLY RECOGNIZED ALINE'S FAMILHIM HELD HER IAR VOICE AND WORDS

I LOW SPELLBOUND. "WELL, HAVEN'T GOT THE

HEART TO SHAKE HIM! HE'S SIMPLY CRAZY

ABOUT ME! WHY, HE PRACTICALLY SPENDS uthbert sat on the By ESTELLE EVERY WAKING HOUR WITH ME!"

running of his car Cboard true friend Harold (Tub- "Your and WEBB THOMAS Life.thought about a mere From ) ( Miles by) Standish Meredith.

jumble of bright, unrelated pictures and sensations, as it had once ap- "P. S. This nurse wants to kill

riding take but Aline G. in Lady out. Inc. and me, downpeared, Result—Tubby to perceive he began now

that cost real a lot, as won't money out for the present. gently Thisthat Life pattern, has acts a that

have consequences, and that every leads up to the subject I coaxed the and you can always get Jim Brady trial has its compensation. Shudprettiest nurse out of paper and to charge the gas. It would of been

deringly, he recalled a soulsearing pencil to write to you about. So bad enough to be in the hospital at it was just myexperience when, as a Secondnow, old kid, here is what I want home but of course

it in Friendship's luck to have the old app. go back onGrader, he was forced to strip off you to do. And do

his winter underwear and prance name for a pal. You'll say right off me while we were here at Grandabout the stage, during a Christmas you can't, but remember what Miss ma's.

program, clad only in tights and Black used to write up on the black- "Answer soon and favorable, several yards of tulle, tied about board, "When Duty whispers low "Tubby."

I can!"his pudgy middle, shooting silly litThou must, the youth replies

deeply, Cuthalso that remember, Ocowling Coppy, a Andtle at the children. arrows other

pitiful this stuffed bert back appeal to disappointment cause may meIt this affair painful that was had his into a pocket producing and relapse, a terrible then have andtaught compensations. him about He pencil stub of notebook and feel? smudgy you would how terrible caught ahad cold had and his recesses the of inner greasy from you "Well, Coppy, know howto in so. for remain or bed a week indited laboriously a corduroys, it is Aline. with with Well, and meHis mother grandmother and had reply. is, not me, I'm Trouble anyhow. his attendancedanced even and

father had been worried, and the quite sure who's the best man there, "Dear Tubby:

contrite teacher had fairly showerme or Rudy Graham. Now, kid, "Well Tubby, I sure sympathise

ed him with visits and toys. The what I want you to do is hold her with you in your trouble and wish

awful memory of himself as Cupid for me, see? Just step in and show I could see my way clere to do

had faded considerably in the glory her a time till your old sidekick what you ask. But here is my situof these rewards. Cupid! The word gets back on the job. Now Coppy, ashun. Jim Brady has given me

little, part of 2 cans of paint, one greenbrought his thoughts back to the this may change your plans a it for a friend. and one yellow and I am going overpresent with a bang. It seemed, he but I know you'll do

I know there won't be no Lady Godiva, painting what therethought grimly, he had been selected And by Fate to be forever filling the danger of Aline falling for you on is of her. I would of liked aluminum

role of Cupid, despite all his natural account you are not the type of man paint better but you can't look a inclinations to the contrary. girls fall for. Which is nothing gift can of paint in the mouth and

against your character you underthis will make people sit up and take pulled a Morosely, he crumpled stand, but you just haven't got what notice if I know what I am talkingletter lips and, from his pocket movit takes. about.

iting soundlessly, for the reread is little at looking that business. daggers nurse about "The "Nowthird time that vain in the he hope

I I quit. to to but refuse got sure hate a friend, Well, and Cop, do me

it first the misunderstoodhad two life. off for in real are out what you I you money women know I am

times. for something Here was if I will will for that the Besides, not keep her back type pay you am there couldwhich be no possible I stuff. for time. can't Besides, beat Rudy's and Alden me John Now sure.compensation, he was to the play a be ask to charge good and guy gas Brady John Alden Jim

"Dear Coppy: Well, Coppy, dear for me, only, for Pete's sake, don't take Aline Webster around when

old pal, I guess you know all the speak for yourself, John! Here's he gave me this paint right out of

news about me and the old appendix hoping you will recognize me with- a clere sky. And when did it get to

by now. It got me down and I got it out my appendix. {Continued on page 523)

The articles of faith

VIII. c/he LLnity of the LLniverse

By DR. JOHN A. WIDTSOE

Of the Council of the Twelve

(Read the Seventh Article of the radio tube that makes possible

Faith ) the conversion of electrical impulses into words. This view, strange and

Belief in an unseen world is the foreign to men at large a century foremost result of man's modago, seems necessary and rational ern search for truth. Indeed, to men of our day.

the last three centuries are notable The unseen world exists and is for their exploration of the world explorable in all of its divisions by that cannot be known directly suitable instruments. The Urim and

through man's five senses. The Thummim of the ancients converted

telescope, microscope, electroscope, messages of the spirit into underspectroscope, and numerous other standable human terms. The "two

aids to man's senses have revealed stones set in silver bows''made sym- a vast world wholly beyond the unbols engraven on golden plates apaided power of man to discover. pear in the language known to JosDomains wholly different from the eph Smith. The claim by the Prophworld in which man lives have been et that he needed such help is an

invaded. The atomic world, of an evidence of the rationality of the

order far distant from the material process as of his honesty.

universe, and the subatomic world, The common aids to human senses electrons fartheryet away, where telescope and the like—are rule com-—the energy and and matter materials. made by man of available

mingle, are being laid bare through However, man, himself, possessed their effects to the understanding of of an organization superior to all likeof has worldman. mind The sensitive earth, else become on may of the voice through medium whom to study, subjected suchwise been world. to influences the unseen from could be heard. God marvels aphave unexpectedand is possibility recognized This now possithe of conception a Suchpeared. field in the reputable workers by of bility of intercommunication among

ilto seems world unseen be The earth science. of phenomena Many universe, the of parts the various one

limitable. Every new aid to man's can be explained in no other way. makes the doctrine of spiritual gifts

senses becomes the door to another Clairvoyance and its related expeeasily comprehended. In fact, it

science. courageunbounded new A to orsubjected riences are being reflected integhave upon the would

It is the hearts ofhas entered men. of derly, scientific study. This field the ushered rity of the system in by

felt that knowledge may be added investigation has led to a new Prophet Joseph Smith if these gifts to the throughout knowledge of psychology. and ages, branch More frankly of the spirit had not been

if endless it; that the but seek men that recognized becoming more it is comMan's and accepted. avowed

search for truth will be endlessly the constitution of man is such as to munication with the intelligent berewarded; that the well of truth can permit him to serve as a "converter"ings in the invisible world becomes

never run dry. of spiritual impressions into compre- a natural experience, one to be exThus it has come about that the hensible material terms. pected by those who are in a suitable

old distinction between the visible This possibility was set forth condition for reception.

and the invisible worlds is fading clearly by Joseph Smith, the ProphRevelation becomes, then, the away. There is but one universe, of et: "All spirit is matter, but it is speech of the universal intelligent

many manifestations, some of which more fine and pure, and can only be power, God, for the guidance of may be known directly by man, discerned by purer eyes; we cannot man, a speech that may be received

others by aids to his normal powers. see it, but when our bodies are and understood only by those havBut, no part of the universe is bepurified we shall see that it is all ing "purer eyes,"that is, who by

yond man's ultimate discovery. matter."The lens of the telescope selfeffort or by divine means have

The socalled spiritual world is must be ground properly; and by the been fitted for the necessary recepbut a special manifestation, probsame token man must fit himself to tivity. Visions are but another type

ably the most fundamental of our receive spiritual impressions. Let it of revelation, accorded probably in

one universe. Joseph Smith so imbe remembered that the Prophet harmony with personal development.

plied when he said, "All spirit is matJoseph Smith at first "enquired of Prophecy implies that the prophet ter, but it is more fine and pure."the Lord through the Urim and is an instrument through which the

If that be so, the world of "spirit"Thummim,"but later, as he became unseen universe speaks to the vismay be known by man if he possess more fit, laid aside the assisting inible universe. "Speaking in tongues"

the necessary aids, comparable to strument, and became, himself, a and interpreting "tongues"are like476

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1937

wise special forms of the voice of make him as it were a ready conGod to his children on earth. He ARTICLES OF FAITH ductor of the stream of spiritual

who blesses the sick in accordance Ot the Church of Jesus Christ power.

with the divine formula stands as of Latterday Saints In the organized Church of Christ the means through which healing 1. We believe in God, the Eternal all things are done in order. Therepower flows from the spiritual world andFather,in theandHolyin HisGhost.Son, Jesus Christ, fore, the man who presides over the

believe that be puninto material men will the ailing body. There 2. We or will Church, can and he alone,

tins, ished for not and their own spiritual is really about for receive no mystery revelations for from transgression. God Adam's

It is so gifts, perhaps only a wonder that ment3. Weof believeChrist,that,all throughmankindthemayatonebe the Church as a whole.

they are ever questioned. saved, by obedience to the laws and with all officers of the Church, each

Such communications with the ordinances4. We believeof thethatGospel.the first principles may claim spiritual guidance within

of are: the Gospel and ordinances spiritual domain occur only for defifirst. his assigned field, but no farther.

second, Christ; Faith Jesus in the Lord

nite purposes. Intelligence implies Repentance; third. Baptism by immerNevertheless, all may win support

plan and purpose. Revelation, visLayingsion forontheof remissionhands for ofthesinsGift; fourth,of the in their personal affairs, or maniions, and prophetic utterances are Holy Ghost. festations for their personal comfort.

given when needed, and then only. called5. Weof God,believeby that"prophecy,a manandmustby thebe The unity and continuity of the uniThe gift of tongues is of chief value layingin authorityon of tohands,"preachbythethoseGospelwho andare verse are beautifully set forth in

when one needs to make himself administer in the ordinances thereof. many of the revelations to the

understood in a language foreign to that6. Weexistedbelieveinin thethe primitivesame organizationchurch, Prophet Joseph Smith. For example

him, or as a testimony of spiritual teachers,namely, evangelists,apostles, prophets,etc. pastors, "the spirit giveth light to every man

truth. Healing of the sick is always 7. We believe in the gift of tongues, that cometh into the world; and the

conditional upon the divine purpose prophecy,interpretationrevelation,of tongues,visions,etc. healing, spirit enlighteneth every man

8. believe the Bible to be the word We through the world, that heaiVeneth

as it far is translated for those who are suffering. People of as corGod,who are "hearing and seeing things,"rectly; we also believe the Book of Morto the voice of the spirit."In Secwhen no purpose demands, are probmon9. Weto bebelievethe wordall ofthatGod.God has retion 50 of the Doctrine and Coveably suffering from hallucinations. vealed, all that He does now reveal, and nants, dealing with the spiritual reSpiritual gifts can be expected wegreatbelieveand thatimportantHe willthingsyet revealpertainingmany lationship among humanity, it is

to the of God. Kingdom properly "purionly that, stated that the when receiveth men are "He 10. in believe the literal gathering We

fied,"Israel a radio to use or "tuned,"Spirit restoration comof the the receiveth and in of truth by of the word parison. Faith, repentance, obedithisTen Tribes.continent.That ThatZion willChristbe builtwill reignupon it as it is preached by the Spirit of

the earth, that the upon and purity truth.ence to law, life, these of and personally preacheth Wherefore he that

earth will receive be renewed and all to requireconformity Gospel that receiveth, he its and paradisiacal glory. understand

ments, and especially prayer for the ing11.AlmightyWe claimGodthe accordingprivilege ofto worshipthe dicone another, and both are edified

conscience, allow of ourgift, effect and for tates rejoice the changes necessary together."impliall and The

privilege, the worsame them menspiritual cation communication. is there of unity Not only very made ship how, they where may. or what let

must there be a purpose in the manikings,12. Wepresidents,believe inrulersbeing andsubjectmagisto clear.

festation of such gifts, but men must trates, in obeying, honoring, and susOne warning must be given.

be worthy to receive them. Let no taining13. Wethebelievelaw. in being honest, true, Both good and evil forces operate

man deceive himself on that score. chaste,ing goodbenevolent,to all men;virtuous,indeed, weandmayin saydoin the invisible as in the visible

This was clearly understood by that we follow the admonition of Paul: world. Both may communicate with

Moses who first declares that he things,""We believewe haveall enduredthings, manywe hopethings,all men in accordance with the condithings. to endure all tions in which they have placed

lovely, virtuous, orsaw God because "the glory of God"andIf therehope isto anythingbe ablewas upon him; and then explains of good report or praiseworthy, we seek themselves. Men are sometimes dethat "now mine own eyes have beafter these things.—Joseph Smith. ceived by evil communications. Yet,

held God; but not my natural, but it need not be so, for sure tests have

my spiritual eyes."Such a transbeen given. Here is one, beautiful

formation, which to some degree is the Priesthood have official authorin language and thought: "That

needed to become sensitive to spirity, if they are otherwise prepared, which doth not edify is not of God, itual manifestations, is based prito receive revelation and other gifts and is darkness. That which is of

marily upon a righteous life. from the Source of Truth and use God is light; and he that receiveth

Closely associated with the gifts them for the benefit of those who light, and continueth in God, reof the spirit is the authority of the are in need. The Priesthood, propceiveth more light; and that light

Priesthood. The Holy Spirit moves erly received and respected, effects groweth brighter and brighter until

upon all men, but those who possess profound changes in the man, which the perfect day."

OmTD

The OUTLAW of NAVAJO MOUNTAIN

cJne Story of IjPosey, cLast [rahlite Outlaw

By ALBERT R. LYMAN

in lawless the region wild and of Fourcorners, together, Colorado more and come than halt a J.lTHTHEwhereSTORYUtah, THUSArizona,FAR:New DownMexico,

century ago Kit Carson rounded up the Navajos and drove them into Santa Fe, New

Mexico, to keep them there in the "bullpen"[or three years. While the Navajos were IT IS RELATED THAT TSENE-GAT FOLLOWED

disciplined, brokebeing handful thus harshly a disaffected from away of PahUtes their WITHHIM, SHOTHIS OUTFITHIM IN THEAND BACK,HIS MONEY.AND RETURNED in possession Mountain tribe north Navajo and took of Navajo Juan River of the San

territory. When the Navajos came back, these PahUte renegades refused to vacate the

Navajo country and bad blood resulted. Sowagerie (Posey), the central character of this Chapter XV Uncle Sam

story, was a child of one of the PahUte renegades. He grew up in a cradle of anarchy.

Bitseel, a son of the ousted Navajos, was Posey's most bitter enemy. Frequent raiding

parties between the two tribes and the killing and plundering of unsuspecting travelers, cattlemen, and ranchers, resulted in complications that forced the PahUte deserters to

Lsenegat was charged rejoin their tribe. In the midst of this tense situation in 1879 a colony of Mormons was T

sent down to settle the San Juan country, largely for the purpose of improving relationwith robbing and murdering a young ships with the Indians. Thales Haskel was their chief interpreter—a man skilled in Indian Mexican sheepherder, Juan Chato each continued the prey upondialect psychology. and PahUtes Navajos But and to reports, con. According when avengers skirmish settlement. cowboy one the when Duringother and upon Mormon Chacon had drawn his wages the young separated tribe, momentarily son,scattered Sowagerie, from was the the renegade

tribe with Toorah, little sister of Poke, the PahUte leader. This brief interlude preparatory to going home on a

marked the beginning of a smoldering romance that caused Sowagerie bravely to change visit to his wife and child, Poke's his name to Posey and vainly dress himself in fine clothes, braid his hair, and put on boy tried to inveigle him into a game relentlessly sister, disapproved his little interest however, in waswar paint. This by of ducki, but Chacon was eager to so referred to as him. During and "Skunk,""apostate"Poke, the Posy upon who looked

one period of tribal disorganization, Toorah, Posey's beloved, disappeared with her be gone with his money, and he rebrothers, and all Posey's searchings for her were in vain. Posey finally secured vague inforfused to play. He started alone

mation concerning Toorah's whereabouts, and these two lovers madly dashed to freedom. with his two horses south of Mcaccidentally interrupted, however, Poke when togetherTheir soon was freedom found new for headed Elmo and New Mexico, his threatening in trouble gave ugly and their place. hidingstumi he But was }ed upon is related that Tsene-gat followed recklessly the part happy most entered of it to surly upon compromise. Poseyway nowhis life. In an act of playfulness occurred the greatest tragedy of Posey's life—the him, shot him in the back, and reshooting of his beloved wife by his own hand. His unbounded sorrow was made more turned with his outfit and his money.

terrible by the avenging pursuit of Toorah's brother, Poke. But the two met under cirVery damaging evidence confirmed

life, Posey was wherefore to relieved of save Poke's enabledcumstances which Posey to the truth of this story, and those indemnity and by agreeing a high agreeing to pay that scorefurther vengeance by onmarry another of Poke's sisters—a disagreeable superannuated maiden—which circumwho knew the boy best, other than

stances began another career of heckling evil. Later a handful of Mormon settlers from his immediate kinsmen, gave him full

Bluff captured Posey in a humiliating manner, put him in irons and brought him before credit for the murder.

session the next at the to appear of justice bound over peace, where hea was of the Officers outside from the county exile at into Mountain. Navajo later wentdistrict escaped and court. ruse Posey a By arrived for with warrants the boy's sent justice and white man's word experience with his personal first shaken was byHe

to the inhabitants of Bluff, asking their forgiveness and pledging to mend his ways. The arrest, but whatever the efficiency of

charges were withdrawn and Posey returned to the community on temporary good these officers in their own fields, they behavior. But as the terror of his exile began to fade, the humiliation of it loomed were strangers and tenderfeet in

again happen by going not that it would steps to see in his tookgreater he mind, and to PahUtedom. Policies which might installed recently the learning how gun, to range and by long purchase aColorado

telephones could be used and how communities could be separated by cutting wires. have carried well enough somewhere

Thus prepared, he returned to his old ways with a vengeance. else, failed miserably in San Juan.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1937

would be cuddled under their blankets, unmindful of the frosty outside.

Wtith utmost care to make no noise the little posse went to surround the camps. It was still

dark, though a doubtful glow had came in the eastern sky. The wickiups, winter residences, built of logs

and mud, looked like so many shapeless mounds in the gloom; everything

seemed to be quiet as the horsemen reached the first positions from

BLAND1NG NATURAL BRIDGE. which they intended to call for surrender.

So poorly were their plans framed accurate and as deadly as that which Something moved in the dark and executed, that the whole PahNature has given to animals to decamp, something stirred doubtfully

Ute tribe lacked little of being on liver them from the plotting of men. and a bloodcurdling yell rent the

the war path before any substantial Poke could not comprehend the air. While that yell still echoed in

steps had been taken towards the printed page, his schooling had been the cliffs north and south, another arrest. with nature and not with art, but if yell pierced the night again. It

The old bear refused to recognize that little squad of plotting officers was the terrific voice of the grizzly any possibility of his son's guilt had known how many and how keen chief, electrifying every brave to nothing could be wrong with his the eyes he had for seeing, how many answer the summons with his gun tailormade son, reared with so much keen ears he had for hearing, and in his hand.

care. He resolved with his longhow sharp his intuitions for grasping Bright flashes broke sharply into

range gun and his crackmarksman- the meaning of cryptic actions and the darkness, flashes from the camps ship to defend the boy at all costs. words around him, they would have and from the posse, and Chicken

And grizzly though he was, he had been fearful of his surprising and Jack fell before he could reach cover.

tremendous influence with his peocapturing them. Really, in the fight A squaw dropped with a mortal

ple. His instinctive supremacy, his impending, he lacked little of doing wound. Havane and half a dozen

cool nerve, his splendid action and that very thing. other Indians had to surrender, but

accuracy with a gun, his disregard The men at Three Cedars started most of the people of the wickiups of men, and his absolute immovablehorseback through the midnight, dropped into a little sandwash or ness from purpose, made him the hoping to find the old bear and his fled to the tall greasewoods where chief whenever he wanted to shoulpeople fast asleep. It was a cold they threatened the safety of all the

der the responsibility of that rank. raw night in February, 1915, and posse still in the open. They forced

The entire tribe, with a few excepwhen they reached Bluff they had part of the posse into a little cove tions like Henry, stood eager to do to thaw out with hot coffee before of the cliff, and then forced them to his bidding. Even Posey, despised they were limber enough for action. climb ignominiously to the top for

as a skunk, wanted to crawl on his Surely on such a night the Indians their lives, leaving their horses in belly and fight the old bear's battles the bottom behind.

if grizzly his highness TRIAL would only FOR OUT THEIR ON PAHUTES WAY white a moved, Wherever man L. SCOTT. TWO THE HUGH WITH GENERAL service. theaccept POSEY GUARDS; ENDS ARE AT THE MEN IS bullets the whistled brush through

IS HIS HIS LEFT TO GOGGLES; THE lifelong WEARING with however, Poke, All dust. the or hands plowed up JESS, SMOKING OF JESS; LEFT TO SON, THE assistpolecatprejudices, no wanted HIS IS TO TSENE-GAT; AND CIGARETTE, A

ance. Therefore Posey, camping as LEFT, WEARING A NEW WHITE HAT, IS POKE. (Continued on page 519)

near as he dared to his chief, was two miles down the river at Sand

Island. The old bear and his favored satellites had their camps west

of Cottonwood Wash, half a mile from Bluff. His suspicions had been

aroused by the illadvised actions of the officers, and he preferred this place as the most favorable from which to watch their movements.

A posse of fourteen men from Colorado camped off the road and out of sight at Three Cedars, halfway between Blanding and Bluff. It

was the intention to have these men come in the night to surprise and capture the camp.

Surprise and capture the old grizzly! How little those officers from

far away knew what they were talking about. Poke's knowledge of

war in the rocks was instinctive, as

CALLA TO HIGH DESTINY By GEORGE Q. MORRIS

General Superintendent of the Y. M. M. I. A.

'T'HE M. I. A. CALLS ALL YOUNG MEN AND WOMEN TO

KNOW THE TRUTH AND LOVE IT; TO TEACH THE

TRUTH AND LIVE IT BEFORE ALL MEN. It CALLS YOUNG

MEN AND WOMEN TO A REALIZATION OF THE SIGNIFICANT FACT THAT SO FAR AS THE THINGS OF GOD ARE

CONCERNED, THEY ARE NOT TO GO INTO THE WORLD

TO BE TAUGHT, BUT TO TEACH THE CHILDREN OF MEN

THE THINGS WHICH HAVE BEEN PUT INTO THEIR

HANDS BY THE POWER OF THE SPIRIT OF GOD, AND

THAT THEY THEMSELVES ARE TO BE TAUGHT FROM ON

HIGH AS THEIR LIVES SHALL PERMIT.

Strange as it may seem to this ultramodern world, although 'TThe Fortysecond Annual far away in distance and in Conference of the Mutual time from their former oriental surImprovement Associations was roundings, in the midst of the Rocky climaxed by a farreaching

Mountains, near the western exbroadcast over Radio Station tremity of this new western world, KSL, 8:30 to 9:00 p. m., Sunin the midst of an occidental civday, June 13th, originating from

ilization, we find today tabernacles the Tabernacle, as part of the of Israel, temples of God, holy impressive general session, and scriptures newly introduced, prophpresenting in addition to the GEORGE Q. MORRIS

ets of God, apostles of the Lord speaker, the Hollywood Stake

MenGleaner Chorus organized and Christ, an and Jesus M this is rapidly kingdom spreading the directing Hawaiian group I. A. again M. of Priesthood God back over the earth. Young men Stake. General proclaimfrom Oahu Christ of the and Church and largely women, of the members Superintendent world. George to the ing restored Q. His Gospel

I. A., traveled M. have over the delivered Morris a strong thing and wonderful marvelous This and whole world with the message of to statement thoughtful youth in century our has happened own the restored in fine, Gospel, their

is occasion that on this in which also new, from country; and and clean manhood and sweet womanthis to taken "Call Christian DesHigh free been have country hood, their with their meekness and tiny."Chrisdriven martyrs, and a mobbed faith, in their and have wake sprung journey toilsome tian people, whose up branches missions and and wards the miles through of thousand a stakes and is in of Zion, which found is these glorious things the moving is the graves plains great marked by the activity teeming that charactersustaining and the of power Mutual their of dead. izes this Church everywhere. The Associations, Improvement which the the Father and Son Because I. is in A. the M. foreground of this organizations, the Priestunder to did Smith appear and by are Joseph advance as instrumentality an for that hood, are to of ordained God in this western reestablishedhim the bringing of the to Gospel the in assist building the of His up given previously theworld Church world. Mission President One dekingdom the of establishment and this in oriental vast people,to you an clared in that opening localup new in righteousness His earth. the representing people are agathering ities his with missionaries first he

who are a chosen people, with a peNinety years ago this people were organizes an M. I. A. activity group,

culiar mission and a high destiny. driven from the western confines of then as that increases, an M. I. A.

This is not spoken in a spirit of selfcivilization, a misunderstood, maAssociation, and then a branch of righteousness or boastfulness, rather ligned, and persecuted people. They the Church. We now see the stakes

in meekness and humility; but spoken came to these magnificent mounof Zion extending from the Atlantic

withal with an abiding conviction of tains and these glorious valleys to coast to midPacific. M. I. A. acthe verity, that this people, in the be far away from violence, bigotry, tivities among the people, young and.

providences of God, bears a dispenand intolerance. In this seclusion old, are being carried on with signal

sation of the Gospel to the world, they built up the Kingdom of God. success and with thrilling results

which is the power of God unto their There gathered together, from all throughout the American continent,, salvation, and they plead earnestly nations, men and women who would throughout Great Britain and Euwith all men to share it. consecrate themselves to the service rope and Scandinavia, in South

The power that brought about of God and their fellow men. Now America, in South Africa, in Aus480

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1937 tralia, and in the islands of the sea. them that though they accomplish all

The eyes and the hearts of the youth that may be achieved in the world in all of these countries are turned and receive all rewards and honors to us. They are one with us in faith that may be bestowed by men, unand in devotion and in service to less they hold to the truth of the

the Church. Gospel of Jesus Christ, which is their

All Mutual classes and our acheritage, that they have failed; and

tivities are primarily but a means finally, that the conclusion of the whole matter and is that to fear God to leading establishan end—the keep is His commandments the truth the ment of in the hearts of

whole duty of man. the people in the Church and in the

There are sinister powers in the world. It is accomplished in part

world whose aim is to subvert the through the cultural activities and morals of their and to destroy men pursuits of the those ac- M. I. A.,

faith in is God. There being taught tivities the aesthetic which answer

and the social needs and desires of to the youth, particularly of the old the human soul. It is in these acworld, the deadly doctrine of athetivities and associations that the M. ism. But here in this new world has

I. A. program carries the spirit of dawned a new light; in the midst of

God to the hearts of men and women the mountains of Ephraim is a great and plants there a testimony of the organized movement whose aim is to

Gospel. Through its varied classes bring to the youth of the world the

and activities it develops their faith, highest ideals of manhood and womtheir powers, their abilities; enlarges anhood; to bring to them a knowland enriches their lives and leads edge of the true and living God, to

them to faithful service in the cause declare to them the restoration of the of God. fullness of the Gospel of Jesus

The M. I. A. calls all the young Christ, the Son of God. Its motto

men and women of the Church to is "The Glory of God Is Intellirise to their high destiny; to know gence."Its young men will follow

the truth and love it; to teach the the admonition "be ye clean that

truth and live it before all men. It bear the vessels of the Lord."Its

calls all young men and women in young men and women in the face the Church to the realization of the of all opposition will attain their high significant fact that so far as the destiny. In this organization the

things of God are concerned, they teaching as to the virtues and as to do not go into the world to be faith are the same for both young taught, but rather to teach the chilmen and young women, and both dren of men the things which have will steadfastly hold to the lofty been put into their hands by the ideals so beautifully expressed in power of the spirit of God, and that this year's inspired pledge for the they themselves are to be taught Gleaner Girls. It may well be classfrom on high as their lives shall pered as a modern Psalm. In its esmit; that it is their privilege in the sence and intent it applies equally

midst of all the confused and murky to both men and women, younq and thinking extant in the world to stand old.

immovable upon the rock of God's "From my gleaning I shall bring a clean shall forbidden enter body—nothingtruth see of the errors through and

it. no corruption shall It is touch itmy that with, somen, they may advance surety of eternal joy.

independence of thought to the "I shall bring from my gleaning a pure higher and freer realm of this truth heart. From it shall flow high ideals, pure

thoughts, clean speech, righteous actions. theand escape narrowness and

of faith the pure I shall eye By see God. spiritual ofbondage doubt and season's I "From gleaning shall bring my

error. It calls them to the realization an humble, obedient spirit.

that as "righteousness exalts a na- "I shall obey God's laws with delight.

tion,"so it will exalt an individual, "I shall honor my womanhood.

that nothing can bring such an indiprayerfully"I shall performintelligently,my duties.diligently,I shalland

vidual ultimate defeat, and that to know God.

serve God humbly and faithfully is "From my season's gleanings I shall truly intelligent and truly great. It bring an honest mind.

"I shall false not witness. bear to that disthe realizationcalls them

shall "I truthfully. speak

belief disproof, is not that to sin wilshall "I honor word. my

fully indicates a lack of intelligence "I shall learn the truth and the truth shall and is truly weak, that great secular make me free.

learning may go hand in hand with "Thus bearing my fourfold sheaf, I shall great religious understanding and standhope toin ascendHis holyintoplace;the hillthenofshallthe LordI receiveand

devotion, that great achievement in the blessings from the Lord, and righteousthe affairs of men is consistently ness from the God of my salvation."

linked with a full measure of devoMay God abundantly bless the tion to the service of God; it charges youth of Zion.

JPul LOG OF A EUROPEAN TOUR

anjdihsL QantonmaL (pcudij By LUCY GRANT CANNON Of the General Presidency of the Y. W. M. I. A.

GRANT. LEAVING PRESIDENT

CITY, IS SALT HERE their buttercups and daisies. As she LAKE

BEING WISHED A PLEASANT was speaking, Brother Burton K.

CLARK VOYAGE BY PRESIDENT CENFarnsworth who was sitting by me JOINED THE WHO LATER

TENNIAL PARTY IN EUROPE. whispered: "See those English people in front; they have tears welling

home. He was busy in their eyes."I had been watching

attending to last minthem. They were trying hard to

ute details. Among hide their emotion, but finally one

them was the wrapping brother pulled out his handkerchief of several pictures and wiped his eyes. The gesture

which he was taking to said to me: "I don't care who sees

Dr. Herman Kretchme cry; I love England,"and for a

mer of Chicago, the few moments my mind was trying to physician who opercatch the picture which I was sure ated on him several he was seeing. I knew his mind was

years ago; George B. traveling with Sister Fox and restVilas, General Supering on the scenes of his childhood.

intendent of the ChiHow true are the words of the "Old cago & Northwestern Oaken Bucket": "How dear to my

Railroad; and others. heart are the scenes of my childOur family went early hood!"I felt almost selfish in the

to the train but father thought that I was the one who was arrived just a few mingoing to England, when hundreds utes before time of deof people were longing so much to

Monday, June 14, 1937. parture. Hundreds of people had see their native land.

was very enjoyable. We Begin Our Journey assembledBrother Hughto sayB. Brown,goodbyeandtoothershim, Tuesday,The trainJunetrip

months train ago father party. the of two about was The before East had Never in my tripsaBOUT in leaving, late ten minutes so he I called so beautiful on the phone. the country seen He me

said: "When would you had an opportunity to speak perpartly due to recent rains. I wonrather go to Europe?"I replied that sonally to many. dered how it would be possible for

if it was satisfactory to him I should When we finally started, I said to the green fields of England to be prefer to wait until after the M. I. A. Sister Clarissa Beesley: "Does it lovelier than the green fields we were

that stretches real passing to you? you feel seem Do thatConference in June. He said

grain; planted are tothrough—greatcorn, potatoes, and on our Europe?"And way to like to we as he would suit himwould

be home for June Conference also. she replied that she could not realize now and then forests of hardwood

it. trees; mountain meadows coveredWe therefore decided to leave from

Montreal, Canada, via the Canadian As I sat on the stand in the Taberwith wild grass, yellow mustard,

Pacific on the Empress of Australia, nacle at the Sunday afternoon sesblue gentian, batchelor buttons, iris, which sailed June 16. It necessision of June Conference I noticed wild roses, sweet peas, and other

tated our leaving Salt Lake, Sunbefore me one of our ward members, wild flowers we could not distinguishday, June 13, at 6:30 p. m. Thus an Englishman; his wife and another—all making a beautiful picture.

we were unable to attend the final couple were beside him. Sister Ruth At Chicago President Bryant S.

session of the Conference. May Fox was speaking. She exHinckley and Sister Hinckley and

I am very happy we were able to pressed her great pleasure at being President William A. Matheson met

be present at the meetings of the permitted to return to visit her native us at the station and helped us transConference. The three days were land. She had left England as a fer from one depot to the other.

crowded to overflowing with splenchild of eleven. She said all her Wednesday, June 16.

did activities. After the Sunday life she had longed again to travel After an hour and a half in Chiafternoon session of Conference, the green lanes of England and to cago we were on our way again.

father's children gathered at his see the beautiful green fields with Embarking was interesting to those

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1937 of us who had never been on a sea can. At our service in the cabins are

voyage. The train pulled right up a steward and stewardess. They

to the dock. There stood the care for our cabins and bring any

steamer all clean and white. Unifood or conveniences necessary for

formed officers by the score were our comfort.

lined on each side of the gangplank.

Father was met by Mr. Annable, Wandering around the boat is

the general agent for the steamship very interesting. The topmost deck

company, who took him in charge has the lifeboats, the Captain's and walked with him to his statecabins, and the bridge where the room. officers in charge of the vessel stand

The vessel is a beautiful one in all watch night and day. Provision for

its appointments: large lounges or all sorts of deck games is made. The

sitting rooms on each deck, dining decks descend, "A", "B", "C", and rooms with tables spread with beau- "D". On each of these decks are

tiful linen, silver, and glassware, cabins, lounges, libraries, reading each table being decorated with cut rooms, shops, barber shops, and inflowers and also electric lights and formation desks. All the firstclass

artificial flowers. The ship is able cabins have access to a bathroom adto supply about all one needs: shops, joining the cabin, with hot and cold

libraries, barber and beauty stores, salt water from the sea.

gymnasiums, all sorts of amusements As one steps out on "A"deck one games. and afternoon Every sees right a plaque copper by the and rougher than were when on we evening is a movie shown. Table It reads: door. river. the into the came Gulf We tennis is popular. eveMatinee and St. of Lawrence. to our went We S. the to Presented ning R. M. Empress of are held. dances cabins lay the just and on beds the to as Australia passengers by commemAs the ship began to move, most a precaution. Father did not go orate the heroic work performed by Comof the passengers went on deck, and down to dinner, but the rest of the mander S. Robinson, R. N. R., and all the

Officers in the lives of saving and Crew did. from ship to shore night's great strings of party had a good We all rescuing of the survivors board on and serpentine sleep. thrown. were passengers very seem The

fire the earthquake devastated and which

Mr. Annable had father transquiet and seemingly are enjoying the the district of Yokohama, September 1,

trip. is less considerable ship, for 1923. This There nine veritable days a ferred his from original cabin to

refuge, of sheltered haven succored and than smoking expected. we The Suite. RoyalThe Suite The Royal of thousands and wounded. homes a pipe or smoke men and cigar now is the it that if one royalty, were

then continually. but not We haveaboard, would occupy. The hisship has an interesting The suite seen cigarets. very few consists of three rooms: bed room It tory. originally was a German

with twin beds, couch, chairs, ship, just half about completed when three 1:30 p. m Friday, June 18. large, fulllength mirrors, beautiful it taken the British over was by

wash basin with large plate glass "XAE have been in the iceberg respoils of the World War. It wasas

mirror and nickel trimmings, dressgion all day. About twenty finished by them and was used for

ing table, and chairs. The walls are were sighted this morning. They years on the Pacific before it was

covered with a silk tapestry. Each are within a mile or so of the transferred to this ocean. Firstroom has commodious clothes clossteamer. They look like small blocks class passengers dress in their eveets. There is a luggage room leadof snow, some of them shaped like ning clothes for dinner each evening.

theing from bedroom; also animals. a bath at three the almost spend hours Weroom, and a diningroom, for which The ship prints a small newspaper table quite day. every be It would

me was converted into a bedroom, of about 8 sheets daily. There are. irksome to be at the table that long

and a sun parlor. The sun parlor people on every hand to serve us. at home, but here it is quite a diverhas paneled walls, all painted with A special deck steward who presion.

a leafy scroll. The ceiling has a pares our steamer chairs, wraps us

conventional design of birds. The in rugs, serves us with broth and Saturday, June 19.

light fixtures in the rooms are quite crackers at 1 1:00 a. m., light refreshelaborate. There are lights on the ment at 4:30 p. m., answers our quesWe have had another day of

ceilings and also on the sidewalls. tions, and helps us in any way he calm weather. Brother Joseph AnThursday, June 17. derson assures us that

When we opened whenaboardthewePresidentcan countis our doors this mornon good weather. Few

ing we found two of the passengers are notices: one called us seasick. Some of us,

to an "Abandon Ship however, have been

Muster Station Exervery quiet during the cise"(Dick Bennett day.

took a picture of us Three of our party with our life belts on) had the misfortune to and the other was the have their trunks deprogram for the day. layed, so they have

This afternoon the not been able to have sea was a trifle (Concluded on page 517) H F PRINCIPLES

By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS

President of Brigham Young University

Tn these days when all sorts of fantastic THEORIES REGARDING GOVERNMENT, RELIGION, AND CONDUCT ARE BEING

ADVANCED, IT IS PARTICULARLY DESIRABLE

THAT WE DETERMINE FIXED POINTS WHICH

WILL HELP US IN CHARTING OUR COURSE OF

ACTION.

This latter has since been altered, so it no longer serves. This change

shows the necessity of having many you should happen to find yourpoints of reference by which, during points of comparison, since all the

If self on the beautiful campus of a long series of years, any shift in works of man may be altered, and the direction of the magnetic field even a point of rock on a ledge might the Brigham Young University, might be determined. be shaken down by earthquakes. attention that your arethe chances therefore the generations be care cannot For magmany much Too inconto attracted an not bewould stations, netic in establishing these as a taken has been used compass

feet. your under landmarkspicuous direction. foundations surveyor for which guide are the on which The

You would doubtless be admiring on mountain and in forest, the naviother measurements are based.

valley toward Utah productivethe declination, seas, or the exin magnetic only the high gator on Not standing beLake, or you might of the relied in lands, in plorer the relations all of has but in unknown awe at the rugged beauty of a series on this instrument to tell him which physical, social, and political world of snowcapped mountain peaks exdirection to go. It has been, and it it is necessary to have a few definite,

tending from enchanting Timpancontinues to be a most useful instruultimate points of reference, or first ogos on the north to stately Nebo on ment, but it may play strange tricks. principles, from which comparisons

the south. You might even be enIn areas where certain magnetic ores may be made. In chemistry and

tranced by the many beauty spots are found, it cannot be relied on withphysics we refer to molecules, atoms, surrounding the campus itself: the out constant checking. The amount electrons, or protons; in social relaMaeser Memorial building, the of deflection of the needle from the tions we must have a fundamental

Heber J. Grant Library, the Brimtrue north must be determined for moral code; in government we must

hall building, each framed in verdant each general area, and it has been have constitutions or their equivalent loveliness; or the vineclad buildings found that this is not absolutely confoundations on which to rear the

of the lower campus below, with all stant. This makes necessary the structure of rights and laws.

their fine traditions. establishment of stations to study This general rule, which requires

These things would probably so over a long period of years any shifts definite and fixed points of observastir you that your reverie would prethat might take place in magnetic tion, and something reliable to tie vent you from noticing that right direction, so that absolute relations to, applies just as much in evaluating under your feet was something that may be known as to places on the religious institutions as it does in might lead you to contemplate some earth as well as the relation of these checking the magnetic field, the of the fundamental verities of the places to celestial bodies. structure of matter, or the basis of

Universe. The magnetic station on the business and government.

This unobserved object is a firmly B. Y. U. campus is particularly good

into granite which block to sure beimbedded that we are estabdirection since so well can be WE are IF disc about brass fitted ais securely far in right direction points exact lished traveling the we from many three inches in diameter. You learn and near. To the north there is a must have our compass checked with

from the writing on the disc that this ledge of rock on Mount Timpanknown fixed points on foundation is a magnetic station of the United ogos; to the east is a point on Luna's principles. In their journey the NeStates Coast and Geodetic Survey. Nose, to the south Mount Nebo phites had the Liahona which was

When we gave permission about gives an exact location. To the kept checked by the One who was

fifteen years ago to a representative southwest and northwest are points guiding their course. Today we have

of the government to establish this on the Tintic and Mercur mountains. no such physical instrument, but we

station in the lawn on the point of Nearer by are the flagpole on the do have definite first principles or

University Hill, he explained that tower of the lower campus, a tower observation points by which we can it was necessary to secure some on the Third Ward Chapel, a chimdetermine whether or not our course points that could be determined with ney at the old woolen mill, and in religious activity is in harmony the greatest accuracy. These stawhen the station was established with the course set for the Church

tions have become fundamental there was a tower on the tabernacle. by Him who is at the helm.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1937

Let us imagine ourselves at a magcreep into records kept as were many those who pray to Him in faith, and netic observation station checking of those in ancient times. that He inspires His leaders to conthe compass by which our course is Thus, the Latterday Saint, in duct His Church in a way that will

to be guided. There are certain checking his compass, will find modbe for the best interests of His work

mountain peaks and steeple towers ern revelation a very satisfactory here on earth.

which can be sighted to help us depoint of observation. No one who

termine the deflection of our needle, does not hold to the divine mission Another important landmark is or in plainer terms, to help us deof Joseph Smith has any right to that man, himself, is susceptible termine whether or not we are in class himself as a Latterday Saint. of infinite growth and progression,

harmony with the fundamental and that the very purpose of his teachings of the Church. earthly existence is to make such

Let us consider briefly a few of progression possible. If the develthe most outstanding of these fundaopment of man is so important, he

mental principles. The first and must keep himself free from those

greatest of them is belief in God: not influences which would impede his

a mythical, indefinite, ethereal nothgrowth. The cankering effect of

ing, but a real Personality of Intelliimmorality and the blighting hand gence who is verily our Father in of intemperance thereby become

Heaven, and who guides the desmore than mere physical handicaps;

tinies of the human race and conthey have a powerful effect on spirtrols the elements by which we are ituality, and, therefore, means to surrounded. shun them should be given a promi-

A second fundamental observanentWillingnessplace into supportreligioustheteachings.work of

tion point or first principle is belief the Lord with material means must in Jesus Christ as a divine Personlikewise not be neglected.

age, the One designated by the To lead the kind of life that will

Father to carry out the plan of repromote spirituality in all of its finer demption here on earth. We must DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS implications is another important

think of Him, not just as a very view for the true Latterday Saint.

great and good man as other men If he cannot accept this first prinMere belief is not enough; it must

are, but rather as the key link in the ciple he should find some other be supplemented by proper living.Gospel plan of salvation. We must affiliation. Otherwise, it would be as if a person

recognize His part in the preexist- Going hand in hand with belief who intended to make a journey ent plan for man's advent on earth; in Joseph Smith comes the acceptthrough trackless forests should take

we must understand the significance ance of the Book of Mormon as every precaution to check his comof His earthly mission; and we must scripture divinely brought forth to pass, and then turn and smash this

look to His position in the ultimate supplement other scripture in giving guiding instrument before he started.

redemption of the human family. us a clearer vision of the plan of salIn order to make a successful jourFor the Latterday Saints the vation. ney of life it is necessary to keep our

Prophet Joseph Smith is a specific When we focus our attention on compass in good working order, and point of focus that is only a generaGod's great plan itself, we find a then follow the direction it indicates.

tion or two away. Through the few first principles that are very outIn these days when all sorts of

revelation that came to him in our standing. One of these is the idea of fantastic theories regarding governown dispensation we have clear and continuous revelation, by which we ment, religion, and conduct are being

definite points to which we can tie. mean that God has not shut Himself advanced, it is particularly desirable

As a result of these latterday reveoff from His family. Certainly a that we determine the first principles

lations we are not restricted to those father who had any interest in his or fixed points which will help us in messages that were given long ago children would not condemn them to charting our course of action. The

in a different language and which, a state of noncommunication with Latterday Saint is especially fortuthough clear at first, may have had him. Mormonism has as one of its nate in having many of these definite

their meanings dimmed by translacardinal principles the idea that God points of comparisons to keep him tions and errors that are so likely to continues to answer the prayers of from being stampeded off his course.

and some day when I am not too busy I'll turn out some fine work."

I showed this young lady sketches covering several subjects and she said: "That's just the kind of work

I wish to do—just as good as those,

and you'll see, if I once get going,

I'll surprise you by doing some great hand in the act of writing and wonwork."

dering how a hand looked, when Well, true to her type she never the very answer was before them "got going"and never will, because their own hands holding a pencil. she spends more energy in avoiding

Show me any successful man, or work than it takes to do work.

interest Corbett's Gentleman Jim I will workers show you but he was waned, boxing never early hard, and in andM NationallyIllustrator Knownand woman,who toilandlong

Cartoonist, Unilate. I will also show you those who often disdainful of modern methods

versity of Utah never watch the clock for fear of and modern fighters.

Art Department. working overtime. There is no over- "They toss most of them into the

time: no seconds, minutes; hours, ring now before they are properly

love one's work is not all thosedays, whoweeks,lovemonths,their workor yearsand whofor trainedremarked.and "Mostexperienced,"of thesehe boysonce Tosufficient. To organize onedo work in earnest. don't know anything more than the

self to work efficiently is absoOften I listen to the radio stars, rudiments of ring science. I worked

I was young, to perlutely necessary. For a good workthose who have hit the high spots for hours when

man, no matter whether he be one of those who are the real successes and fect a single movement in the ring.

the many professional men, or put on no side bluff. As I listen, I used to get up at six o'clock in the

whether he be a mechanic, his first I vision many, many years back in morning and work on the wrist maconsideration is good tools with these now successful artists'lives, chines while the rest of my campwhich to do good work. Any profesand I know that many of these sucmates were asleep. I practiced for

sional artist you might talk to could cesses of today have tasted of povmonths on the blows that beat Sulrelate to you his experiences with erty, have sacrificed, have been delivan.

budding youth as they watch him at nied many of the fine things of life; At fiftyeight years of age, James

work. The novice will invariably in and, too, these same successes of J. Jeffries, former world's heavyhis enthusiasm cry out: "What today have in the days gone by, weight champion, paused in his

make of pen do you use?"or "What taken odd jobs, anything they could ranch duties to mention a number of

special pencil do you use to make get to keep going; and, too, I know things he considered wrong with the

such smooth clean lines?"and "That that many of these shining lights of fight game today.

paper is no doubt of a special kind today, have had failure after failure "Most of the fighters won't train,"made just for you."and have "taken it on the chin"time said the grizzled veteran of many a

Seldom are materials made for and time again. It was not just luck tough battle between 1896 and 1910.

one special artist, but, of course, that has put them several cuts higher "Too many of the managers know artists do use special papers, clays, than others, for the most of them nothing about boxing except to take and other materials, because they have worked courageously. their cut at the gate, and the athletic

little to or nothing commissioners do with Even to be good. them know /\nly A few years ago I had a fight. put up a good make the boxers a real of materials, the best workman

does not hesitate to do all the reyoung lady ask to join my art Why, when I went into training for "I said: to become She want in fight of road I did miles a work consult class. search work necessary—to I artist. feel a great cut out I am or handball the morning, played for authorities facts. The indifference manifest towards the subject in to do great things. I do not feel I baseball in the afternoon, and then

hand by some art students is apshould start where many students took a couple or three hours'workpalling. Students frequently assert do; I want to begin as a top notcher."out in the ring each day. I was so

out loud that they desire to follow I asked if she had studied very tired by that time that I was ready art as their life's work, yet they long and inquired if she had done to go to bed at eight or nine o'clock neglect to get proper tools and selmuch sketching. "Oh, no, I have and didn't have any desire to go out

dom get their subject in hand bemade but few sketches, but I've seen and chase around at night. The

cause they are too lazy or too inlots of things I should like to draw, other fighters did the same thing.

different to work. When we fought we took pride in

Once in New York I saw an art our own ability to knock the other student who was trying to draw a fellow's head off, and that's what we span of horses pulling a loaded tried to do. There wasn't any

wagon. He would draw, then rub hokum like giving a logical conout, redraw and rub, rub, rub. There tender the runaround. We took

he was, working and fuming and 'em as they came. A lot of times

fussing. I said to him: "If you will nowadays, when I referee a fight, I

only turn your drawing table around think the boys don't care much and look out of that window, you whether they get licked or not.

can see, only one story below, scores They're in there just to get their of loaded wagons passing by, pulled money. I've been about ready to

by the very horses you desire to put throw some of them out of the ring, in your drawing."but you have to think about the pub-

I have also seen artists who have HE WOULD DRAW, THEN RUB OUT, lic paying to see a full fight and you struggled with the drawing of a right REDRAW, AND RUB, RUB, RUB. hate to stop a bout."

JhlL LONELINESS OF ALCES By CLAUDE T. BARNES

'"The true story of a bull moose who once forgot mid the lodgepole his manners. pines of Athe forested slopes of the

North Fork of the Snake river and on the willowed meadow at the meander back to the willows, lie mouth of Lake Creek, Alces made down, and chew his cud.

his home. It is a region of virgin As he lay in the willows, an otter

loveliness; through the untainted atoccasionally ventured near, pine

mosphere the snowy peaks of Yelsquirrels whistled in the bordering lowstone Park, a few miles eastevergreens. There seemed to be no

ward, show with telescopic distinctlarge animals about: the grizzlies

ness. had all gone either to the upper

It was a clear July day, the time glades of Sawtelle or to Yellowstone when this high district blossoms with Park; black bears were common but

vernal freshness and beauty. Alces they lay in the underbrush of the

stood knee deep in water amidst the upper hills in the daytime and had thickest of the meadow's willows; no liking for willowed swamps at

and though a fisherman occasionally night; mountain lions were too

detoured through the pines of the sneaking ever to be seen and too v\eLoiNK.5M?<—4

hillside, Alces remained quiet and cowardly ever to attack him; and

hidden, the loneliest moose in all the the mule deer that he saw occasionas time went on and mutual confiIdaho wilds. Not only did he seem ally in early morning at the river dence arose, Alces would merely

alone but also unique among all the wandered far back into the woods walk slowly out of sight as animals of that region noted for its during the day. Truly Alces was my canoe occasionally appeared.

variety of wild life. Never did a as lonely as a deserted ship at sea. Rilter, who spent the long white

horse have legs so long, never a winter in that neighborhood alone, wapiti a face so Romannosed, mis- J. here were only a few told me that he appreciated Alces'

shapen, and homely, and never a human beings who ever ventured presence, knowing that during the mule deer such mammoth size. He into Alces'willowed sanctum; one lonely days to come, the sight of

was nearly ten feet long and almost was Rilter, the keeper of a sportsanything at all friendly would in a seven feet high at the shoulders. men's clubhouse down stream. Rilmeasure alleviate the boredom of

His neck was rigid with stiff, erect ter handled a canoe as well as a his voluntary exile. We agreed to

hairs; his upper lip protruded over northern Indian; and in search of call the animal "Alces."

the lower; and from his throat hung the everwary trout it was his cusAs I floated silently toward Alces'

a mass of hair like a bell. Though tom to pole silently into the very retreat this particular day, I was

in general he was a blackishbrown midst of Alces'retreat, where the casting nearly fifty feet of line.

color, his rump, shoulders and neckpools were too deep for waders and Suddenly in the brush directly ahead sides were grizzled with gray, his the banks too willowed for shore the huge bulk of Alces arose, and under parts were black, the inside fishing. This day in my silently the great ears twitched at deer flies

of his legs and their lower portions, floating boat I, also, had become an as the mammoth beast quietly gazed gray, and his feet black. His great, intruder into the domain of the at me. Pleased at this increasing

palmated antlers, now in the velvet, lonely moose. friendliness, I continued to cast; and

stood out from his ugly head like a When Alces saw me, the great it was not until a hooked trout pair of coal shovels. animal splashed loudly out of the threshed the stream in its efforts to

escape that Alces walked away. water trot long with and a swinging flies Pestered deer by Alces some-, I observed Alces with a indeep broke the like through willowstimes in a stood such deep that water

terest, and poled the boat close to locomotive wild. run his snaponly Branches antlers head and showed the willows to see the big what ped, trees over,above. bent young at and daylight Often he waded

It animal did. seemed unafraid of me, bushesinto gave fleeing before the river the to lilies feed way on water

in it and walking straddled away monster. In trip to order not otherand himplants; succulent at such and rode down a clump of willows,times he would scan the river shores self, Alces spread his hind legs so stopping to brOwse the on tender that theyfor wide the missed a front ones sink moment, his then head

tips, which clevit manipulated all in all andto a the he noisy very but new of the made clear bottom water its erly with lip. gross upper Then retreat. it speedy bringand with a up of mouthful

it as approached it the meadow fill,food. eating After his he would greatly I had been surprised; but (Concluded on page 526)

CEDAR CITY POINTS THE WAY IN THE CHURCHWIDE BEAUTIFICATION PROJECT

"LJere community effort and native materials have produced a thing of beauty for the worship of

God and the use of man.

they went Palmer. President So IRVIN T.NELSON minister into the the canyon andTheCityFirstis Warda splendidChapelexampleat Cedarof By Beautification Churchwide until stone a found he searched Of the

teamwork. Here the resources and Improvement Committee which he thought worthy. Though

at hand have been harnessed to a he lived far away he has been back people's eagerness and this team to Cedar City to pick out his stone intelligently driven.has been The and see how it looks in place in the in a part inspired to have by a desire isresult outstanding achievement an wall. R. this building. President William field building.in the of community

in relates is finished inside Stake of the Palmer Parowan The building the alone have had idea—others is visiting effect a he polished and red cedar. one day The how successful the completionsuch—butNot pleasing. stood minister watching unique, Lutheran most and Theof the purpose, to build a of house

I should like simple lines employed in the designworship with their own hands from the workmen. "How

the materials around them, says "It to have a stone in that building,"are in excellent harmony with the can be done, today, even as it was said the minister. "You may,"said pronounced light and shadow of the

A. George wood. It was Wood times."in Pioneer In this case EXTERIOR VIEW OF THE CEDAR CLOSEUP an A idea the using of who conceived NOTICE CITY FIRST THE WARD CHAPEL.ideal economically proved sound.

Bishop Franklin B. Wood and BEAUTIFULEACH SIDE DETAILOF THEOF DOORTHE ROCKAND WORK.ABOVE ONIT cedar. They had no money with

members of the committee, as well THEREMANY ISHARMONIOUSPERFECT BALANCECOLORS OFGIVESTONES.THIS which to buy the finishing lumber.as all who reside in the ward, deCHAPEL A CHARACTER SELDOM SEEN. "Have we cedar in our mountains

serve much credit for this that could be used?"asked

remarkable achievement. It he. To the mountains they

is no wonder that tourists by went. The trees were cut

the thousands stop yearly to and seasoned. A sawmill

visit this chapel. was set up. Skilled hands

It took courage to plan carefully put the pieces in and start a chapel during place. It is said that this

the darkest days of the deis the first place of worship pression. Money was exto be entirely finished in

tremely scarce, but there was cedar since Solomon's Templentyterials—inof labor,their andownof backmaple.The beautiful carpet

yard. The needs of the which covers the floor of the

community for play and chapel as well as the Bishstudy and worship have all op's room is made from been considered and adeCedar City wool and was quately provided for. manufactured in Utah. The

The outside of the buildlight fixtures are made from in is of beautiful split stone. the iron that has played

Most of the rocks were such an important part in brought from the creek, bed making the history of this a short distance away. Each community. The top of the

stone was split, thus exposSacrament table and the ing a clean surface, the pulpit are surfaced with inmany and varied colors of laid cedar wood arranged which give an incomparably by local workmen in beaubeautiful effect. Many of tiful patterns.

the stones have a history. In India a floral offering

Some were sent from far to a god is acceptable only places by tourists who, seewhen the flowers have been ing the walls going up, were tended and cared for by

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1937

the one who makes ball of rags for the carthe offering. Those pet in the balcony is

people realize that the able to understand and best worshipper is the love her pioneer grandone who gives himself. mother a little better.

Much more has gone Perhaps a man polishinto the Cedar City ing cedar wood with

Chapel than the actual his brothers has been stone and iron and able to discern more wool and cedar. It is clearly the grain of

a part of these people. men's souls and has

Their hands have lacome to appreciate his bored. They have THIS INTERIOR CLOSEUP IN THE RECREATION HALL SHOWS SOME OF THE LOVELY brothers for their variDETAIL. NOTE WOOD BEAUTIFUL PATTERNS THE AND KNOTS,created beauty. as well as for AND ance IN IN They CEDARCONTRAST SHADE. PICTURE IF THE COLOR SEE A RICHWOULD WERE ONE their househave made IS UNBELIEVABLE. FINISH IN COLOR NESS AND DEPTH AND THAT ALMOST their similitude.

BISHOP'S FIRST CHAPEL. FIREPLACE ROOM, CEDAR WARD STONES IN THE THEof worship their very

IN DISTINCTIVE. SHEEP. Where could we find CITY ARE THE CARPET THE WOOL WAS ON CEDAR GROWN

own. The boy who THE TABLE TOP, BEAUTIFULLY INLAID, AND THE ENTIRE TABLE IS HOMEMADE. a better place to excontributed the yearly SHOWINGEXTERIOR TREESOF THEOFUNIQUEPIONEERNATIVETIMES,STONETHE CHAPEL,SAME CLOCKCEDARWHICHCITY WASFIRSTONWARD,THE pound brotherhood

clip PRESERVED OLD his TABERNACLE, FLAGSTONE from STEPS TABERNACLE OLD OF THE THE to lamb shoulder working than FLAGSTONE (NOT IN THE WALKS, CEMENT) CURB THE OF GUTTER BROKEN AND the will carpetgo into TO LABOR, (THIS to TIME BUILDING PROVIDES STONE to shoulder advance MATCH THE SAME AND AT THE

MONEY).not feel himself a SAVES

THESE STONES WERE BROUGHT FROM THE CREEK BED. (SEE ARTICLE). God's purposes and tostranger here when OF CLASSROOMS, CHAPEL, he THE ARRANGEMENT OTHER ROOMS AND our surroundings

TO SELECTED SHINGLES HARMONIZE AND SUPPLEMENT WERE THE ROCKIS IDEAL.WORK. make tocomes worship God. beauty a in ordered PLANTING LITTLE TO HERE. A IS YET BE DONE MORE

The girl who sewed a ROOM, RELIEF SOCIETY CHAPEL. CEDAR CITY FIRST WARD HERE AGAIN ARE SEEN little more like His?

TASTEFUL DESIGN, SKILFUL NATIVE MATERIALS. WORKMANSHIP, AND

INTERIOR, PULPIT, CHOIR LOFT, AND AUDITORIUM, CEDAR CITY FIRST WARD

CHAPEL. THIS CEDAR FINISH IS JUST NOT SEEN IN ANY OTHER PLACE! THE

CEDAR TREES ARE FROM THE MOUNTAINS TO THE EAST (SEE ARTICLE). IRON IN

THE LIGHT FIXTURES IS FROM THE IRON MINES A SHORT DISTANCE TO THE WEST.

HIGHLIGHTS

A Picture Portrayal with verse and music, presented at the Saturday Morning Session of the M. I. A. June Conference.

Staged by Josephine M. Goff.

Music Continuity by Eugene Halliday.

Vocal Music by Rilla Wilson Peterson, Jessie Evans, Harold Barber, and Albert Southwick.

T. v—.

Scattered, wandering, worn, They took the westward path.

Wearily on Missouri's bank, "WINTER QUARTERS"They paused to gather strength.

Posed by Sylvia Cannon and Fred G. Taylor, Jr. There as by magic over night

A prairie city grew.

AX7e glory in the story of the path So many souls to shelter from the storm!

Our fathers made across this land So many mouths to feed from scanty store!

As, deeply in the earth, they etched All through the long, cold, winter months

With ironrimmed wheels Disease and death gleaned from their ranks

And weary feet Until a brave and martyred host

A hallowed trail. Slept in a lonely city of the dead.—Rachel Grant Taylor.

And now, in marble beauty, we Pay tribute to you, pilgrims of the plains;

In memory enshrined forever you will be;

Your pain, your loneliness, your steadfast strength,

Though it should be the whole wide world in length;

We will not let the silent, sleepless years TheThoughhopeit thatshouldbadecostyouthefollowvanquishedwhere itandled,the dead.

With storm, with dust, with seed, O noble heroes, faith has reached new heights,

Wipe out all trace of freedom's pilgrimage. And sacrifice becomes a fairer flower:

Time shall not dim Since you have given the world this sacred sight

The memory of those hosts of noble dead Of sorrow borne courageously this hour,

Who sleep in unmarked graves. God gave you strength and courage to endure.

With marble, bronze, and stone in beauty wrought, No one in any hour need ask for more.

We tell a lasting tale—Christie Lund Coles.Of triumph builded on adversity.

Through the annals of that glorious trek

From Mississippi's bank to fair Salt Lake

Came inspiration to a sculptor's soul.

His magic fingers Make more real The tragedy of death And the triumph of true faith.

Nauvoo the Beautiful!—gum WMjaEgfig* 1*

The cherished city of the Saints!

Oh, how it crushed their hearts **<- *i.rf.-

To leave those wellloved homes

And flee before an angry mob, To see the night illumined By the flames devouring the temple, *?nmMore cherished than their lives. ft******

IN MARBLE

By RACHEL GRANT TAYLOR and CHRISTIE LUND COLES

"Teath did not deter that valiant host,

Their hopeful eyes were ever turning to the West-

A mighty people in the mountain tops

A prophet had declared their destiny!

Impatiently they waited for the spring

While every thought turned to the time

When they could venture forth To find their promised land:

"TRIUMPH OF THE WEST'(NEW FRONTIERS)

Posed by Fred G. Taylor, Jr., Sylvia Cannon, and David Lindgard

Or snow and rain with frigid winds opposed.

Their tents and wagons were but scanty cover from the storms. of prejudice and hate the bounds land beyond A

Still slowly and steadily the caravans moved on and on. live in peace they might Where

And see their cherished dreams come true! Courage did not die.

Homes, churches, schools, good soil to till Like a light it led the fearless Saints.

And where upon the ashes of a sacred memory Yet 'mid trials came joy

A greater towering temple should arise. As by campfire at eventime

They joined in dance and song.

When spring had lifted winter's heavy hand, Their steadfast faith assured the victory

The time was ripe, That always comes with truth.

And joyful Saints with faithlit, longing eyes Those years were filled with gripping tales

Watched their leader and his vanguard band Of courage and of sacrifice,

Fade into the spacious, unknown west. Of death and sorrow made endurable

The tread of oxen, the turn of wheels, By living flames of perfect trust and faith.

The march of their triumphant feet—Adapted from "The Trek of Pioneers,"Anna Johnson.

Blazed what was then a sparsely traveled trail

Into a deepetched, silver road

Linking the East to West. A ND now the sorrow and the loneliness,

—Rachel Grant Taylor. The weary pilgrimage is at an end.

The conquerors of earth and elements

Of doubt and inner fear and man's disdain "D Y tens of thousands, fearless Pilgrims came Stand glorified, immortal evermore,

All seeking freedom's right to worship God.. Heroes before God and man,

Their path was beaten through a prairie land, With faith triumphant.

Through desert wastes, o'er mountain heights. Defenders of the things that we

Six thousand lost their lives along that way. Must ever strive to keep inviolate.

trail with prairie marked was The heritage heirs, our priceless are their rockheaped graves. We heat, torrid with sand and Sagebrush wealth. beyond to Is something be treasured

How will we carry on for those who died,

For those who gained their goal at such a cost?

Will we forsake the faith, and lose the dream?

Or will we as the modern pioneers

Against the enemies of sin and doubt

Be true, be loyal, and be worthy still?

—Christie Lund Coles.

< The thirst of a desert was quenched, and the fatth of men was justified WHEN WATER CAME TO HURRICANE

And thereby hangs a tale, renowned in the annals OF IRRIGATION HISTORY, WHEREIN MORE THAN

A DECADE OF TOIL AND SACRIFICE BUILT A CANAL AND A

GARDEN COMMUNITY WITH LITTLE CAPITAL AND NO

GOVERNMENT AID.

By RICHARD L EVANS

Beginning in a sheer, rockwall- of a thousand souls, and unforgeted canyon of the paradoxically table lessons in human determinacalm and turbulent Virgin tion, cooperation, and selfreliance. Viewed from the standpoint ofRiver, four miles above La Verkin

Bench and twenty miles from the currently accepted engineering prinentrance to Zion National Park, is a ciples and practices, this farfamed canal eight miles long, nine feet canal, heralded in government irrigation publications, little to has intowide, deep, four feet and is it. Its brief course the recommend years of huof whichmaking went

man brawn and heartache, faith and strewn with many unsound and inresolution, and out of the making of congruous situations. It tears its way through nine tunnels of conwhich have come two thousand fertile acres, a prosperous community glomerate rock. It hangs to sheer

cliffs in precipitous defiles two hunTOP: GATE; SECOND: CAMPSITE SAND AND dred feet above safe footing. ItFIREPLACE BUILDERS; USED BY CANAL

THIRD: CARRYING WATER ACROSS IMPROcrosses porous rock fills and improVISED TRESTLE; FOURTH: SIDEHILL CEMENT

LINING OF RECENT CONSTRUCTION; FIFTH:

HURRICANE CANAL "CLINGS"TO THE EDGE HURRICANE BENCH (1904) BEFORE "WATER

OF A CLIFF. CAME TO HURRICANE."

Photos by R. D. Adams Photo, Courtesy Mrs. Bernard Hirtton

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1937 1 vised trestles. It flows through munities—Rockville, Toquerville,

poorly supported banks, thinly Springdale, Grafton, Virgin, La gouged out of sidehill rockearth Verkin, and others—as the succeeddebris. ing decades of the nineteenth cenTheoretically, and practically too tury came and went.

at times, this lifegiving stream But river bottom land was limited, leaves much to be desired. But, the and the peacefullooking, evilacting

Hurricane Canal has these eloquent Virgin River freakishly and relentfacts to recommend it: honest, lessly inundated or undermined ferhome-loving, hardworking men tile fields on her indiscriminate

and women toiled more than a spring and floodtime rampages.

decade to see it through! Those Families were growing. New setwho built it, and their children and tlers were arriving. Finding new

their children's children, are reaping land or moving out were the only the benefits! It was built without alternatives. These people loved

government aid and almost without their homes, their heritage, and their capital, and for more than thirty families. New lands must be the

years has carried water to a desertanswer. Large fertile desert tracts

surrounded garden spot on which were near by. Water was in the

has grown a prosperous and indeVirgin River. Taking water to the *&-***,.,

pendent community of people with higher lands was the problem, and jnk-* good lands, noble traditions, fine the Hurricane Bench appeared to be schools, churches, and homes! one of the most desirable sites for

Such is the recommendation of the irrigation.

Hurricane Canal, which feeds and Erastus Snow is reported to have nurtures the community of Hurrigiven some thought to this problem cane on Hurricane Bench, Washand its solution, and as early as 1865 ington County, Utah. What more, he sent John M. Macfarlane to surindeed, could be added to its crevey the situation. The report redentials! turned at that time was unfavorable

The story of the Hurricane Canal to Hurricane Bench development.

goes back to early Utah times. In Cubsequently, other surveys were the late fifties and early sixties,

when Brigham Young was calling made at irregular intervals of colonists to settle Utah's Dixie counyears, but no seemingly feasible try, some of these strong and faithful LOOKING DOWN THE VIRGIN RIVER FROM men and women found their way to TRESTLEHURRICANEEMERGINGCANAL FROMDAM; A SECOND:TUNNEL; THIRD:CANAL

what are known as the upper settleTUNNEL AT CHINATOWN WASH; FOURTH: INments of the Virgin River. These TAKE,THE VIRGINWHERE THERIVER,HURRICANEWATERMASTERCANAL MEETSWM.

BY; FIFTH: MR. AND MRS. HINTON STANDING wellwatered strips of land in VirHURRICANE.; BY ISOM STANDING THOMAS

gin Valley grew into small comFIRST HOUSE; SIXTH: CEMENT WORK "HANGING"TO SHEER SIDEWALLS; BOTTOM: LOOKTWO PRESENTDAY SCENES OF THE FIELDS ING UP THE VIRGIN RIVER FROM HURRIAND CITY OF HURRICANE, AFTER "WATER CANE DAM.

CAME TO HURRICANE."Photos by R. D. Adams

M&mu

,C0\U< If'i/u. FtllAUlfMvLjfl

fi/KJUx. Avtu /oflfitMt tuL feud x/t-CL4*Jla '

a4At t*1livttiu, M/M*l UMmvoav dtl M*Jhd<Ait[Mu.#fiaMM*-

Jot*, '%6*f /t/U /tfU- /tAfJtMT/tfaj /Wuttto<tuZtZ'h<- *<H,l<l

jAa\.o } i /tXi.vt itAnul A& /** Utlu. A%i AArnvHtimu/witAvl *4-

"HAul. tlrwuij AAAvd t*Aj. AArhtAvyi(AA AAr/vit4iA6u*l, M- 4*-44>.H'U,

hMaLaI'tWiM. Jf. JvAAMAfotoiif, 0>W*Ma a

TOP: A GROUP OF HURRICANE

j//*AAd*, /p*A<4 ISIti.JiAr'itJi fifa-?fity j/tUta&j titftirtei/viK CANAL,RESIDENTSSTANDINGWHO WORKEDIN FRONTON THEOF

THE NEW HURRICANE HIGH SCHOOL BUILDING; SECOND:

H I N T N, WM. WATERMASTER

JAMES JEPSON, FIRST PRESIDENT CANAL; OF HURRICANE AMOS

ONE OF /).Vl Wt* liAT\ jftArt, *%. y(MA*M H AV* jtJt6&d WftOAAA "s&AuC WORKMAN, THE ORIGINAL

INCORPORATORS; MRS. JOHN A.

WIDTSOE, AND DR. JOHN A. WIDTSOE; BOTTOM: JAMES JEPSON AND

!ffcAvj yivuiAU xtA/iAatditl'X/LAiAivM'fx'm**! Xw AMOS WORKMAN STANDING IN

FRONT OF ONE OF MR. WORK-

, A*- /it4lA Atol MA*iv< aJwwviMU 4*%to. /uMffAAp. +4 M4>-4< CANMAN'SNUTHIGHLYTREES. PROFITABLE PEjtti, /VM4*'Cl<rtU*l AsCWlulMU. AaMl f AW*A*

A//* Wt, Janrt, /vniti* Jvuj'UWuf; YbAvnnY* W. a"*a AtftAjtm&cL

FIRH"REPRODUCTION OF THE ycvn.il ffl.A+ird. yCvyid fUfvu,,dwUA**Alt, ySaJi/u J. /fyaJ.rfjyfu**,, M#aA CANAL PAGE HURRICANE OF THE

"I. '/ ydvLttZlrUK/.'...-r.../ - MlthMn-// RECORDS. COMPANY'S

solution was found until July, 1893, They were much discouraged, but On motion, William A. Bringhurst was

when a group of citizens from the in the face of necessity decided to calledelected toSecretary.the chair and Martin Slack was

Virgin River settlements met in report favorably, despite the seemOn motion, Levi N. Harmon, Hans AnToquerville and appointed a comingly almost insurmountable diffiderson, and James C. Duffin were appointed

delegates. said the first report meetof the Virculties. of sixmittee The to go through

orthat the said temporary motion, On origthe ing follows, quoted from as moregin River and once Canyon of not less of consist a committee ganization consider whether or not this diverinal Hurricane Canal Company recThan five, including the Chairman and Secsion project was possible. ords: retary.

this it meeting of sense is the that Also, F. consisted of J. The committee a 7:30 p. m. 11, 1893, Tuesday, July to empowered be committee that the saidWillis, N. and Levi Martin Slack, in the foregoing of majority met names share; five cents per of assessment levy an

Harmon of Toquerville, James Jepthe Toquerville Hall. [Some near three cents to be paid at or before the comson of Virgin, Hosea Stout of Rockhundred names of Virgin Valley citizens mencement of the Survey, and two cents

record.] the the of subject The thereof or so much whenville, Flannigan and Thomas to delegates three to appoint of meetingpreface was is necessary—completed, as be mayit survey theySpringdale. After their delegates from Virgin meet at City with die sine adjourned motion, On

met at Sulphur Springs on the Virthe upriver settlements, to effect a tem- (Signed) William A. Bringhurst,

gin River at the base of the geoporary organization for the purpose of Chairman.

logically famous Hurricane Fault. ascertainingwaters of thetheRiofeasibilityVirgin ofanddivertingconductingthe Martin Slack, Sec.

to the suitable the canal a same through the that Moving quickly, now "CLIFFSIDE"DIFFICULTSHOWING WORK irrigation culinary ON Hurricane and Bench forCANAL. beginproject longdiscussed was purposes. Hinton Courtesy Mrs. Bernard Photo.

ning to take more definite shape, another meeting was called four days later, minutes of which follow:

Saturday, July 15, 1893, 4 o'clock p. m.

the delegates representing those desiring land on the Bench known as the Hurricane

Bench convened at Virgin City for the purpose of doing some business preparatory to commencing work on a ditch to take water on to the said Bench.

On motion, Levi N. Harmon was elected

Chairmantary—and Chas. A. Workman, SecreThe chairman stated the business of the

meeting.

It was moved and seconded that a temporary organization be effected consisting of a president, secretary, and three directors as an executive committee, to see to the

surveying of a site for the above mentioned year, but the end of this labor was TO"CHINATOWN,"DEFEAT THE WHEREHURRICANENATURECANALCONSPIREDPROJECT, ditch, carried. BUT FAILED IN THE FACE OF PIONEER DEthe than future in the farther

TERMINATION. Levi was apmuch N. Harmon On etc.,motion, Valley of Virgin people stalwart president; Slack, Secretary,pointed Martin

and James Jepson, John A. Wood and supposed. Physical difficulties; legal an equitable system of drawing soCharles A. Workman, directors—difficulties; heartbreaking disappointthat no favoritism was shown.

executive that the seconded and Moved Canal the proposed of length discourageThe ments and hopekilling levy tocommittee be empowered four stations of off into marked year was a tax of ments one upon another, came inthree advance, per paid cents acre, to be and two cents per acre additional, if reafter year for more than a decade rods each and stations were assigned quired, to pay for surveying said ditch site, before toil and sacrifice were reto shareholders for working out carried for stock payments. Workcredit realization of a with the warded

sense that it be the and seconded Moved stations different varied accordthe dream. longcherished the ofof this meeting that each member

disrespective his call in a meetingBoard report of settlementtrict or a the Nearly a hundred men subscribed ingtion.to theSomedifficultystationsofinvolvedthe construcsolid and make to the stock of the company whichresult of the survey, carried—rock work while others required only

of not to issued exceed in blocks was adjourned On motion, soil handling. loose rock and

Charles A. Workman, Secretary. enshare each. shares twenty Each (Continued on page 521

titled the stockholder to one acre of transpired, than a month CONHURRICANE SIDEHILL ABOVE: CANAL More right water primary land with and A SKIRTING STRUCTION ROCK WORK, AND prethe surveyor's then cameand BEND; STEEP BELOW: THE THE AND DAM fields in an equity lot. Both a town

liminary report: and town lots were distributed by CANYON.INTAKE IN DEEP AND SHEER VIRGIN RIVER

Friday, August 25, 1893, 8 o'clock, p. m.,

the stockholders of the proposed Hurricane

Canal, residents of Toquerville, met in the

Public Hall—Levi N. Harmon, presiding

The president stated the object of the meeting, which was to hear the report of the Executive Committee.

The Secretary reported that the Co. Surveyor had made the preliminary survey for

the proposed Canal, the length of which would be about seven and onehalf miles;

a fifteen foot dam would be required at the head; about two thousand acres of land can

be irrigated; the land is of the best quality;

it would be difficult to give an approximate estimate of the cost of building the Canal, until the Surveyor makes the final survey and estimates; nearly one hundred members are enrolled

On motion, the report of the Committee was accepted On motion, that we prosecute our labors in building the Canal—carried.

On motion, that the Company incorporate, and that we appoint a committee to draft articles of Incorporation, to meet with a like Committee from the upriver settlements, carried

On motion, that Martin Slack and Wm.

A. Bringhurst be said committee—carried.

On motion, adjourned Martin Slack, Secretary.

Cuch was the determined and businesslike beginning of the Hurricane Canal Company, which was incorporated September 1, 1893.

Actual work commenced that same dit&riaL esteem his brother as himself."To develop his

\)n Lintmonism creative powers and grow in intelligence a man 1T A special meeting of the General Authorities, must serve—and he must serve someone other than

necessarily be engaged A the General Auxiliary Boards, and the General himself. Therefore he must

Security Committee of the Church of Jesus Christ in some cooperative effort, because of such is the of Latterday Saints, held Friday, July 2, beginning occupation of serving others.

at 7:30 a. m., President David O. McKay of the This spirit of cooperative effort and the reasons

First Presidency made the following statement therefor, were humanly and eloquently stated in on the attitude of the Church concerning "unionan epistle of the Twelve, addressed to the members ism"and the "closed shop": of the Church in Europe back in 1842. We quote

"We are facing a crisis. You brethren and from it briefly:

sisters should know the attitude of the Church regarding efforts of some socalled labor organiza- "... Now comes the concert of action: if the tions towards coercing members of our Church inChurch will arise unitedly—if the brethren will indiis dependof the Lord feel the great that work vidually I to unions. think not quibble. need we We have carrying in assist to instruments, as on themselves It offer. five ing to apology is unAmerican no when faith, all and their means, unite will it forward, and to force ninetyfive nation per attempts cent of this desire all can that in you mass, grand energy, one

per cent along a particular line of action. It is unspeedily be accomplished. A short time only will elapse

democratic. Yet that is just what is being atbefore you yourselves will be astonished at the result,

tempted. and you will feel that your desires are more than

"I sympathize with labor, too. So do you. We realized. While the Saints are united, no power on

are in favor of paying the highest wages that the the earth, or under the earth, can prevail against them;

employer or the business man employing labor can but while each one acts for himself, many, very many, afford to pay. There is nobody in this Church who are in danger of being overthrown.

all love to those things promised Him has who "God to cut the wants but undo resent down wages, we that afraid then be His commandments; keep why for of and to say, to attempt example, American one that another, or one get than a little should one more

our young boys who has given two years of his should gain, for a little moment, what another might life to the Church and who has returned to work: lose, when Jesus has promised that the faithful shall

'You can't remain on this job unless you pay the be one with Him, as He is one with the Father, and dues and join our union.'shall possess all things in the due time of the Lord;

"It isn't right. No matter what difficulties we not by stealth, not by force, not by the sword, but by

may face, let us stand for what is right. I repeat, the gift of the Father, through faithfulness to his comit is not a matter of reducing wages; it is just a mands....

question of having individual liberty to work as "Had we means, we would not ask your aid. We

well as to "worship God according to the dictates would gladly send the ships of Tarshish to bear you the great across waters; bring to our would you we of will conscience."disour no make own We firesides; homes; to our habitawould provide you we is against crimination or is a not mem- a man who

tions, lands, food, us. arrive and you when among Our union, that ber of a but request a day's good work

all this, large hearts are to great enough deal a and do received. given be for compensation No man more; but not the labor means. to have we have We shall to these against in regard be discriminated subsistence, for our as to well as attend those own

things."things which are laid upon us of the Lord, and which

concern the whole Church as much as ourselves. It is

CTree (Agency ana possessionnot the willof ofall heaventhings, withoutthat anyonestrivingshouldfor them.be put. in."

—Millennial Star, Vol. Ill, pp. 1720.

Cooperative Jbffort A century has not dimmed or retracted these 'T'wo things are fundamental in the Church of promises and obligations. Selfishness is abjured.

Jesus Christ, and, as with all true principles, Envy is outlawed. Honest effort as a prerequisite

between them there is no conflict, even though to the rewards of life is restated, and "concert of there are some who, in their selfishness, would action"is invoked. "While the Saints are united

wish to make it appear so. In all the realm of truth no power on the earth or under the earth can prethere is no principle more basic than the free vail against them."And there is nothing on earth

agency of man—involving the right of the indior in heaven that a Latterday Saint can want in

vidual to choose and act as he will, so long as he righteousness, but what he can have, "if the Church does not infringe upon the right of any other inwill arise unitedly—if the brethren will individually

dividual to do likewise. Involved in this principle feel that the great work of the Lord is depending

is the very essence of the Gospel plan. It was the on themselves as instruments, to assist in carrying

issue of the "war in heaven."It marks the line it forward, and will unite all their means, faith,

between individual initiative and stupefying regiand energy."

mentation. It is the very sum and substance of the Such is the ultimate aim of the Church Security

eternal progress of a human soul. Such is free Plan, and of all the activities and agencies of the

agency. Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints—the

Equally fundamental, even though perhaps not individual salvation and exaltation of all men so specifically and directly stated, is cooperative through the exercise of an intelligent free agency effort. It is implied in such scriptural injunctions as: which chooses to direct its voluntary efforts toward

"Love thy neighbor as thyself.""Let every man a common divinely appointed end. R. L. E.

PRESIDENT CLARK LEAVES music committee, to succeed the late

FOR EUROPE Edward P. Kimball. N. Lorenzo

this to also Mitchell has been named 15, President Mrs. S\n and July J. secretary, to as succeed committee D. sailed for Clark Europe Reuben

Sterling been has Wheelwright who join to British for President the Grant at organist Washington. Church named

visit to the Centennial and European the long served Both have men Missions.

fields. in musical Elder Church CanNEW MISSION PRESIDENTS non, now director of the McCune

German Mission School of Music and Art, was formerly

A lfred C. Rees has been appointed one of the Tabernacle organists. He

"president to serve in the German has been a member of the Sunday

Mission.. President Rees has long School General Board since 1917. Mr.

been active in the Church, at the Mitchell has been active with Mr.

time of his calling being a member of Cannon in conducting a series of music the General Board of the Deseret Suninstitutes for the stake and ward chorday School Union, and having served isters and organists.

on the Board since 1920. He formerly

served in the Swiss mission field from 18991902, where for one year he acted CORRECTION of the mission, as secretary during of HPhomas E. McKay served as compiled a history time he which

the Church in the German language. a member of the Weber Stake Board, School acted but Sunday his as teacher, return served heUpon in of the the presidency Ogden superintendent, stake board and worker

REES, division the of A. 1: Stake upon Weber ROW until in called the to Schools Sunday OFC. THE PRESIDENT in 1908. as Stake served has He D. MISSION; GERMAN of the of a General be Board member president since of Stake WHEELOgden STERLING five his Schools. sons of Four Sunday APPOINTED WRIGHT, 1919. for 434, See Era, page July AT ORGANIST field; CHURCH in the mission already served have President C. appointment D. McKay's WASHINGTON, fifth his will the parents accompany 2: BADWAGAN ROW to the Mission. German RELEASED PIRANIAN, go. theywhen

PRESIDENT OF THE California Mission PALESTINEMISSION; JOSEPHSYRIAN

PRESINEW seJACOBS, 6, 1937. Sunday, been has June Aird MacdonaldTIT

OF DENT SAME THE President Heber Caliof the "V lected as president J. Grant dedicated MISSION.

W. AIRD the ROW in the Chapel Idaho Falls Third Nicholas Mission, fornia to succeed

PRESIMACDONALD,3. Falls Stake. Idaho Ward, counselor Smith,G. in the DENT OF THE CALIFORNIA MISSION, now first SUCCEEDS WHO

presidency of the Salt Lake Temple. NICHOLAS G. SMITH. ( Concluded on page 503

President Macdonald has served the

Church as missionary to the Southern states, as president of San Francisco stake, and as chairman of the Church

Security Program in northern California until released when he received his mission appointment.

PalestineSyrian Mission Joseph Jacobs has been appointed president of the PalestineSyrian

Mission to succeed Badwagan Piranian. A native of Palestine, he moved

to Utah at the age of fifteen, where he

FOR MISSIONARIES LEAVING SALT LAKE THE FIELD FROM THE MISSIONARY HOME resided. sincehas

S, JULY ARRIVED 1937 JUNE 21—DEPARTED long been active in the has He

Darley, right, Left Larson, row: Thatcher, Seth Alder, Marie to Pearl George Rebecca bottom as served havingChurch, Sunday

Baylis, Williams, Robinson, Blanche Mark Lyman. Winder, Wallace Phebe Gwen member, board wardSchool stake Lloyd, Doris Clark Ravenberg, Etheleen row: Myrtle Winger, Pratt, Lillian Hamblin, Antone suTribett,Second

perintendent, stake teacher trainer, Jensen, Beth Swain, J. Harold Call, Richard Shurtliff.

Mutual Improvement worker. For six Johnson,ThirdRobertrow: Halladay,Clare Brown,H. F. ThomasPieper, LoyEwell,Watts.Rodney Tew, Vera Dunn, Stella Edvalson, Ruth Merrell, Eva

years he was district president of the Fourth row: Owen Owens, Homer B. Quist, Marion Stoddard, Mabel Peterson, Loretta Stitt, Dorothy

Ensign Stake Mission and is one o Herron,FifthClauderow: Kirkland,Mont Kenney,Clifford GarrBagley,Merrill,Eldon GrantJones. Greenhalgh, Willis Nielson, Ferra Young, Norlene Buchthe presidency of the 124th Quorum ot miller, James Hadlock, Uel Hunting, Rulon Moon, Adelbert Lott.

Seventy. DennisSixthLauper,row:HaroldIvan Balls,Hatch,H. BrentLuke. Richards, Howard Schmutz, Eric Ryberg, J. Bennion, Sherman Brinton,

CHURCH MUSIC COMMITTEE David SeventhButler, row:HaroldMerlinHanson,Yates,HenryWilliamChristiansen.Carver, Glen Bott, Harold Brown, Herman Lynn, Earl Harris, J. Dunn,

Carrol Ogzawalla, Williams, Briant Smith, Burke Smith, Roger Brown, Norman Kenneth Eighth row:

Alt. Clifford Lambert,APPOINTMENTS Seibold, Young, Charles Paul

npRACY Y. Cannon has been appointNinth row: J. Fletcher, Grant Johnson, Nile Chugg, Scott Smith, Miles Wallace, Norman Welker, Burton

ed second assistant to Elder MelMiller,TenthWaynerow:Bloomquist,Eugene EarlKrantz,Olson,RaymondMurray King,Foutz. Howard Anderson, Finley Wilkinson, Arcel Lunt, Thomas

vin J. Ballard, chairman of the Church Wilding, Wesley Emery.

ggftflllll

"The FRIENDLY SCHOOL''

.,,,,:,*- I

to t*2L

This is the University founded by an empirebuilder for the builders of new empires.

Standard University Education 1600 Courses in 35 Departments

Sound Training Leading to Success in More Than a Hundred Vocations

You Can Get the Studies You Want

Registration for Autumn Quarter: September 24, 25, 27

:.:.:;,:x;:;::;VV.':::-

'. -.;-P I E IGIIAM YOUNG PROVO, UTAH UNIVERSITY, WASH MY DUST CLOTH BY INtionAN theaccompanyingauthor writes:communica-"In my ARMSTRONG PERRY

childhood, waste was sin. My parstark tell want to ents of the used me

the war bolts of cloth to freight depots and horror the to of that added between the states. The postwar wharves. The wholesale and jobdepression still hung over our bing houses and the retail stores

Pennsylvania home.... Years afthrough which this quarteryard of

there that had 1 learned terward, me, passing eventually reached not cloth did Mother days been when my salesthe hands through of many comwas meal the next where know ing from, but that her prayers were people, making "paper work"for always answered. No scrap of food stenographers, accountants, execuwas wasted. Every bit of material tives.

given or use to some was put to And I remembered what that it. use Mother would someone who

is still active, at the age of eightypiece of cloth might have meant in four, and thrifty as ever. other places and under other con-

"The habit of thrift formed in these ditions. In Rumania during the

plan circumstances led me to and World War, when mothers bore and 'broke'I was work for independence.

but once. While visiting a city raised babies without a square inch cousin I spent all my money at a of any kind of fabric—living naked

picnic, then founda job stuffing in caves. In frozen Lapland, where

horse collars and earned my car fare furs are plentiful but cloth is scarce to go home.

litonly infants have newborn and lecturer writer 1 have a and "As cloth. her dust washes it their tender tle strips of between rethrift. natural encouraged OurMother

that so rapidly dwindling are sources hair I tried animals of I wanted coarse it because skins the and within two be in want we may are used in making hides or whose the of learn the secret to personal generations. Unless three at blankets. In our own country, that comes contentmentpeace and is likely is not there thrift developed

to the older generation through to be much governmental thrift. Valley Forge, where American

keeping busy with tasks that seem "My wife saved two dollars of my heroes suffered for the lack of handmarried the salary first month of our stockings, undertowels, kerchiefs,unimportant.

life. years thirtyseven Now, long, desperate that during later, wear, It is only a quarter of a yard of appealing security without we have

cotton flannel and cost but two to our government. winter, in order that our country

cents. I said to myself, Why bother? "I see no economy in buying labormight be free from oppression by a

wasting devices then saving and the foreign power. it began to inspire suddenlyThen in burning nor save, they time that Even in my mother's home during visions.thought and bring to then gasoline walking and save

I thought of the cotton fields full paying doctor's bills for the lack of the War of the Rebellion, that quarof bursting bolls, white as snow, exercise. There is more fun for me teryard of cotton would have been

in chopping a and garden high, making valuable. Prices were money filled as they singing negroeswith

to else in hiring than someone wood that scarce. then she formed It was that Behind bags.their burlap then paying someand work I do my cloths, of the habit making wash planting, chopplowing, the in idlesaw hours. to amuse one me

ping, the slowmoving mules driven "Health is wealth and thrift predish towels, and dust cloths out of it. serves carpet sacks, out rags fellow sugar old some While and of my disposition, black whose boysby

distress telephoning were townsmen bits small to of be of used cloth too that of to be likesometimes, seems calls that officials, to pleading they it yet, for purposes. does other She distance further In the mules.the entirely in out of and snowed were

I saw Eli Whitney working on the cigarettes, I was bucking a roaring to keep her hands employed as she invention that brought cotton cloth blizzard and not caring a whoop sits in her arm chair dreaming of the taxis trolleys, busses, because listening to and past, the radio, planning poorest. the of even reach thewithin

railroads out were of commission. chilthings her grownup to do for gin, in seeds the cotton which The is exerwith a game, more "Thrift dren. in fibre, rose the separated fromare sociability, cise, recreation, personal

my memory. The oil being pressdevelopment and altruism in it than TThe two cents my dust cloth cost

are that in sports the any of I find of in thousands used earned men anded out and by many me is overdeveloped the purpose so for griddles of in and tins to grease less thankitchens one second of women services. selling and equipment Somewhere appetizing flapjacks and bistimes thrift demands saving, somework. But that fabric represents the

cuits are baked. Some of it becomtimes spending. Just now it demands genius and the labor of many men

ing medicine. Cattle on thousands of me that I accept a most alluring and women who stood on their own

feet as loyal Americans, willing toof farms and ranches munching the invitationan exploringto visitparty.VenezuelaIn goingand withjoin

cake made from the residue. The me as far as a woman can, my wife work, never thinking of asking their

fibre, in heavy bales, starting on long feels that she is reaping her reward neighbors or their government to journeys leading to many lands. for that first twodollar deposit in a carry the responsibility for feeding

bank. England savings The cotton mills in New required not has "Thrift of me, Canadians French thus and. I cameclothingto thethemwoodenor theirbreadfamilies.plate,I remembered. I implore to that yield far, those who

with black eyes and blacker hair the public, in print and on the radio, souvenir of my childhood home.

laughing as they worked at spinning to increase personal and public debts. There looked up at me as of old the

Perry, bleacheries "Armstrong ancient motto:jennies "Waste The and looms. not—want

5, 1936.""December by, the plants burden not."It near reminded me of theand finishing

great trucks carrying thousands of (Concluded on page 527)

VIOLIN LESSON A WESTERN SUNSET PORTRAIT

By Katherine Fernelius By Robert I. Burton By Beatrice Knowlton Ekman

T violin, will put now, away my bore her grief with all of Spartan sun's She * is lovelier There music than I play Thelastmountainray, crest embraced the pride

The raindrops are making melody outside As loath to loose a loved one soon to die; Although her soul groped through a rayless

my window, The vanished sun inscribed the epitaph of dark

Silver, lilting melody, day heartbreak. and Of agony died, he When

All day. In molten faith in script across the western sky. Her seemed lost; stark God and

Reality of death all life belied.

I will put away my violin, now Like tired oarsmen, gulls in measured flight, But when her faith, certain and unafraid

There are lessons that I, listening, can learn; Winged wearily their way o'er sodden Returned, assauging sorrow she had known,

How the notes are all soft, smoothlyfields A quiet peace upon her soul was laid.

rounded, and continual On sheltered shores sought refuge for the

Rainnotes, falling in my gardenurn. night, Her hearth fires burned where household

To test the magic pow'r that Morpheus goods were kept wields. While years of service made their stern

demands, life was still in frost... then while

wept THE FRIEND AndThe drowsypeacefuldronecalm ofenvelopedinsects dieddale away,and hill; Till we

By Kathrine Hymas Williams A subtle change proclaimed the dying day; Above her muted lips and marbled hands..

The hum of toil was hushed and still. Inscrutably triumphant over clay,

IFWearI haveit madefor a awhilecap that fits you, Like elfin dancers poised on pointed toe, 'All is Eternal Life,"she seemed to say.

That you may even better judge All nature paused 'twixt day and night,

As undecided The rightness of its style.—SUMMER SHOWERS Toward the dark—oryet whichtowardway tothego light!

If I have held the mirror up By Carmen Malone

So you could look within, In dulcet tones the music of the spheres,

Am I not still a kinder friend More sensed than heard, 'T'he sun is dimmed, the skies grow gray

Than other friends have been? Sang harmonies attuned to nature's ears, -*- With clouds, onrushing, swift;

And, drop of moisture falls into deep within, her inmost soul was A stirred. outstretched gift! My hand—a

I breathe deep of the damp, cool air—

slits, scent of The raindust plain—MY BABY'S HANDS EternityThat stars,metliketimedaggerthroughpoints,tiny had flash, a rumble come, and stabbed A then

By Delia Adams Leitner Through Heaven's darkened dome. The skies melt into rain!

Thus ended day, and night was come.

JVTy baby's hands, how soft they press As quickly as it comes, it goes, ** My own in clinging sweet caress, YOUTH But drooping flowers raise

So pink and white, like rosebuds fair; Wet faces to the firmament

Such bliss as this is heaven to share; By Annie Wells Cannon And sweetly give it praise.

Lord, Dear I, too, It fills my soul with tenderness. would give of praise

Just as the freshened Come, dear, and watch the shadows play flowers;

Before he came I could but guess Among the hills, My heart brims like a toofull cup far While away This joy supreme, and I bless the thrushes sing With thanks for summer showers. now

trills. In cadent love Such

love is young, they bear When baby's hands. AllMymotherhood.

happily sung. How A SYMBOL misty heeds not; them I findAnd that less The every day

There's laughterclouds—youthlife'sinsongseach arepassing thought.Of worldly By Winnifred thoughts selfishness, and J. Mott

in hand, love leads the So hand way Impatience, and despair weak the flowered Along paths today. is green and Within grandmother's gain there. my lodgment my fret,heart GREY Tomorrow darkness some bring, may shawl.They've brought strength me happiand

cares what But youth thrushes when sing! ness, Clear are the colors as clear

My baby's hands. Dimmed is her picture on the wall,can be.

Dimmed by the years her memory.

Still, when in grief or weariness, 'Round me her quaint old shawl I fold,

REFLECTION SomehowSomehowit comfortsit warms myan distress;inner cold.

By Margaret Coray Symbol of her it is to me.

Nor comes its warmth from wool alone.

lean far out beyond the ledge Round me her love, protectingly, * And look into the pool. Now, as in stormy youth, is thrown.

The water's blue But not the blue of just itself.

It gets its color from the sky. SKY RIDEI drop

Some tiny pebbles in. By Melvin James Burke

They plop AY Into the water, Saddles the sun *-D thinThen make lazily And lopes the along skywayRings, growing wider Pushes through snowwhite clouds

Till they the reach edge. Like a ship at sea riding tide; the

I soAnd might is journey's end When done, ringsMake the upon pool Dips the beyond horizon

When I sink out of sight. Into night.

YOUR

ENERGY TANK AND MINE By PEARL UDALL NELSON

that keeps us fit. We enumerated

physical habits and mental attitudes that help or hinder in keeping the inlet and the intake normal. Then

we turned to a consideration of the use of human energy and of the "how"of using it. For the graphic

effect we placed taps, spigots if you prefer, at various levels around the tank, saying that through these taps we draw upon our energy and that day while talking with a of necessity be alive and elastic acthey should open and close at willOnepatient, a boneweary colcording to the quality and quantity if kept in repair. If allowed to

it. leak aimlessly, beware! Nerve exlege graduate, I drew an of energy stored within

artless picture of something which Somewhat arbitrarily the sphere haustion may be lurking around the offhand I had just spoken of as was divided into horizontal thirds; corner. We recalled that Cabot

an "energytank."the lower third stood for energy kept says, "Men live by work and play

in reserve as a love and to safeguard health, worship."and reaWe I Tritely briltold enough had my to energy that in be soned used under emergencies normal conditions liant patient that she slow "must only these then to and quickly of be mediums restored expression: work,

off shut leaks, the store down, nerve extra play, love, by rest; care react worship, and the middle the naton energy, visome recapture her and third ural stood for inflow in energy in of used energy daily such a way I tality."tired studied her face and activity, as even to result in strenuous activity an over automatic process drooping recalled body her and

it limited a time, it, of storing energy, should and using aure- be and bubbling childhood then and her it; tomatically storing restored a a dinlasts process that by good as long college their days with round of ner, life recreation, as some or endures. a night's ideally Thus, speakgrade that"A"merriment work and sleep; the ing, third upper our for stood energy entanks living becomehad at her "burned candle both ergy in used fountains vegetating that in mere are as ever receiving enIends."Suddenly her as an saw childhood or ergy it occasions on ever and giving out; fountains when Naadult, old years, her half beyond and ture rest. a that demands should never stagnant growvehemently I exclaimed, dear, "My conversation Our that and paused often here in and bubble over thewhat have you health? done to your friend's face reflected my regret, joy of their own abundance.

left in no reserveYou have your then mischief I as she said, "Well, energytank."have been foolish, but at least I Co far my diagram expressed fair-

I "Energytank"repeated to myhave lived, not merely vegetated as ly well my I say idea of—shallself liked and decided I the term; people do."it many Being in a literal balanced living? However,

seemed to hold possibilities in our mood I maintained she might have "tank"looked unstable floating thein discussion a little different from the lived even more abundantly without midair. It was not suggestive of

overworked phrase about one's "acdepleting her reserve had she known good mental hygiene. Then an idea

count in the bank of health."and obeyed the laws that govern came and the precious tank was anAs we talked on, I drew what storage and conservation of human chored to a tripod which in turn

was supposed to be a hollow sphere energy. I expressed a deep regard rested securely on a base we called

to represent my new simile. This for the opinion of people who tell reality.

us that oursphere, I said, might stand for the demands bring on Nature three legs The of the tripod were of energyenergy of given equal individual at supplies any to our needs in drawn even length to prevent any given time. An opening was within sense and reason. tank from tipping and thus makingthe

in the topmade as of the sphere discussed the laws of storage inlet of the We a spillway of waste. The

inlet for thean energy stored in and conservation of energy legs human were respectively, named physthe tank from Nature's universal and decided the inlet to our energyical health, mental training, and and inexhaustible supply. The walls tank must be kept open and free for spiritual integrity, the latter to inof the spherical tank it seemed would the intake of that priceless stuff clude emotional stability. Lucky the

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1937 person who has been given by par- I. Physical Energy derived from vating the power to apply in daily

life,—anents and teacherseven developmenta normal startphysicin internallyfresh air dayandand externally;night; pure water,food, lifedifficultthe virtuesto live. we admire but find

ally, mentally, and spiritually. For balanced, simple, ample and eaten (B)—Inlet to Tank:

fun, just here, we placed a French in pleasantness; sunshine, at times May be narrowed and clogged

heel on the physical leg of the tripod on skin; proper proportions of work, by selfishness, selfpity, egotism,

and chuckled over the result, a luplay, and sleep. prejudice, ingratitude, smugness, an

dicrous unbalance. unbalOther spirit, playing unforgiving martyr. obtained from II. Mental Energy ances artificial produced by means free Kept open and by communconcentrated mental effort to gain or by the dwarfing or overdevelop- ion Creator, with the with human

ing of any leg of the tripod might beings, unselfishNature; with by SUPPLY be equally disastrous less but far QP. ness; humility one by which makes

amusing. The perfect poise and teachable.

charm which we all desire can only (G), (D), (E)—Energy Within

be attained by symmetrical devel- F "7 the Tank.

opment. Spigots: or (F)—Taps My friend and I reasoned fur- I. repair Are kept in by using enther that each adult becomes his ergy purposefully only; by frequentown mechanical engineer and can ly expressing happy thoughts and

repair or even rebuild his "energydoing kindly deeds.

tank,"which after all stands only II. May become worn and leaky

for his way of living. The better his by useless frittering as does the

start has been the easier his job, dripping tap over the kitchen sink;

though his ultimate success is not by wrong and irregular physical discouragingly dependent on his habits in eating, drinking, eliminaearly beginning. Being his own metion; by overworking; by carrying

chanic he has the power to recogresponsibility that belongs to others;

nize his needs and supply them. by temper tantrums in young or old;

Often he may need to consult the by unduly suppressing or expressing doctor, the teacher, the spiritual the emotions; by hate, jealousy, covleader, and, in all reverence, his etousness, all of which are mercilessGod. the Provider of all energy, the ly depleting; by denying God or revery bounty of which is an enduring information from people, Nature, pudiating mankind.

challenge to make use of it. books; from any effort to apply wis- (G), (H), (I)—Legs of Tripod

Here follows the diagram of dom gleaned from experience, reawhich are:

"your 'energytank'and mine."I son, example; from the process of Physical Health.

hope you will like it well enough to adaptation; from achievement in any Mental Training.

add some conclusions of your own line; from living enthusiastically. Spiritual Integrity ( including

to my simile. III. Spiritual Energy obtained emotional stability).

the base on which to to love from learning God and (J)—Reality, Preachment on Diagram the Tripod rests. one's serve unfellowmen Him and

(A)—Universal Supply of Enselfishly; from accepting truth and How is your "energytank"toergy flowing into tank as a result of: beauty wherever found; from cultiday?

CHURCH MOVES ON

(Concluded from page 497) Wednesday, June 9, 1937 Sunday, June 27, 1937. the late President Anthony W. Ivins

President J. Golden Kimball, of the Bishop John Wells stated that the was unveiled in the library of the Utah

First Council of Seventy, reached the Church had increased its membership State Agricultural College. The

84th anniversary of his birth. during the past year by 27,000. plaque, designed by Elder Avard FairPresident Heber J. Grant sailed from banks and unveiled by Margaret Ivins

Quebec for Europe where he will visit PRESIDENT GRANT Cardon, commemorated President several of the Missions there. The ADDRESSES AMERICAN Ivins'seventeen years service as presPresident will participate in the cenGROUP IN PARIS ident of the Board of Trustees of the

tennial celebration of the British Mis-

S\n June 24, in Paris, where PresiAgricultural College. sion.

dent Grant and his party went immediately upon disembarking at CherPIONEER STAKEThursday, June 24, 1937. bourg, guest President Grant was The 62nd observance of Old Folks speaker before the American Club. REORGANIZED

Day was held at Liberty Park. Nearly The address. was wellliked and Cince President Harold B. Lee is fully

4500 old people were present. printed in the Paris edition of the New occupied with the Churchwide

York Herald Tribune. Security Program, Pioneer Stake presFriday, 25, 1937. June idency reorganized, was Sunday, July PRESIDENT LATE 18, with president, as Paul C. Child Three scouts from hundred boy Utah IVINS

F. HONORED William as first Perschon counselor, religious Idaho services attendedand

held at the Sacred Grove and at the uring the Commencement exercises and Jesse M. Drury as second counHill Cumorah. D in June, a bronze plaque honoring selor.

The West in American History trior should have emphasized the part 100 million acres in 1930. Other coun-

(By Dan Elbert Clark, New York: the "Mormons"played in the industries and continents have become apCrowell Company, 1937. $3.50.) trial and social history of the far West. prehensive because of the steady march

an author While his must keep the of book desert to have begun and make wellwritten a scholarly and Tn volume well in the balanced history, writing of its plans to thwart advance. Chase Mr. the history of the on ProWest, not it must forgotten that stresses be the fight that colthe on must be fessor Clark the of University in of morning lective July, 1847, the rather individual. than when Morgiven has us that Washington a work turned the mons tribute waters the to His of a mountain under Mormons

will universities well received be by and soil stream the after upon Brigham serve should as they iman Young had colleges. Like Professor Frederick J. planted their for petus us to "thriving the continue potatoes, and wheat a new the Turner, author turned the has to in era earlier colonization. life of agricultural garden"our American was larger of history, for view American in interest inaugurated. intense the Chase's Mr.

he writes about the influence of the The reviewer feels that Professor situation transmits itself to the reader frontier political, our on economic, and is of Clark's conscious and the debt him makes the book outstanding most social development. began The West the land since to responsihe the owes and Catherine her wrote Coman the settlement with of the Spaniards bility in should prescholarly assume he which the on work Economic Dein in the the southwest sixteenth and serving /. C. velopment the ProfesFar West. of it.—M. seventeenth centuries, parwhich was sor Clark certainly has a fine conmade

alleled the explorations with coloand tribution of to Twilight a the history of frontier World nization of the St. along French the (Franz Werfel, Press, Viking America The Levi Edgar Young, Procesthe Lawrence and Great Lakes. Then City, sor pages. 692 at York History the University of of New the came to the Atlantic AngloSaxons Utah.

seaboard, whose descendants gradually Already famous as the author of frontier the farther pushed Forty during west The Days Dagh, of Musa Rich Land, Poor Land each successive Twilight for generation the nearly recenhances a World of ( Stuart Chase, Hill Book McGraw It three is all centuries. ord of glorious a Franz prologue Werfel. The Company, 1936, York, New life, story gives of analytical pioneer of an the background and pages.) final 350

triumph of AngloAmerican institutions Austrian history. The author is essenon the continent of North America. 'T'o A landloving people like the tially a philosopher and whatever he

The pioneer was constantly beset r Latterday Saints, Rich Land, Poor treats comes through his mind enriched with two problems: the Indian frontier Land is a book of tremendous sigby its sojourn there.

and the reclaiming of the land. The nificance. Mr. Chase makes his readThe book is a compilation of eight

Indians slowly receded westward beers realize that man needs to work short novels and stories, only three of fore the onward march of the white with nature if he would survive. If which have previously been translated

settlers, but the Indians fought deshe does not, the author states: "She into the English. Through all of them

perately to keep their happy hunting will exact a calamitous penalty, and is woven the warp and woof which grounds, and it was not until the exall the laboratories, all the machines, spelled the decline of Austria. The

tinction of the buffaloes, that the origall the banks, will not offset it."stories deal with unhappy but underinal owners of the land settled down Before the coming of the white man, standable situations. M. C. J.

on the reservations provided by the the North American continent "was government. It is all a dramatic and rich with growing things, incredibly The High Trail and Actions Speak

tragic story. The pioneer conquered beautiful to look upon, wild and tem- (Selected and edited by Edwin

the soil, and a new type of social and pestuous in its storms and climatic Diller Starbuck and staff, World economic life gave rise to a political changes and perhaps the most bountiBook Company, Yonkerson- idealism, the like of which the world fully endowed by nature of all the Hudson, New York. $.96 each.)

had never seen before. In time, the world's continents."But by contrast "Collowing the pattern of Real Perfrontier produced such types as Linof the original continent with the new,

coln, Jackson, Webster, Jefferson, the reader is brought up short with a sons, chosen as the Explorer readcourse of book, both these books question civilizationMarshall, as to what has ing others, and many whose deal with people whose names have to America.ideals the Pilgrims of government When to meant gave meaning

the Constitution of the United States. and Puritans landed here in 1 630, there come to mean a great deal to the world.

In Trail High The such people noted 1 as millions were today,900 of acres of trails opening of the far The to the as Andrews, explorer Roy Chapman lands. But vast difference a what in after thewest completion of the Cumthe of Desert; Gobi Custer, the George the distribution! In 1630, there wereberland road the Erie and evenCanal famous general is whose preserved fame millions of acres 820 of dense primevaltually led to the settlement of Texas, in the phrase, "Custer's Last Stand;"forests; in 1930, of formerchantable California,Oregon, the and Great Muir, John as naturalist fame whose ests, all not virgin, there but were 150Basin, this but after only the was work has in been preserved the of naming million acres. million 50 acres The of theof trailbreakers final trithe and the of Muir California; Daniel in desert Woods land 1630 increased had to of the furtraders.umph Settlement Boone; the brothers; Wright and manyresulted in the establishment of towns other famous people are treated to the

cities, industriesand schools, and and stimulation of to old young greater and PRAYER MYall the factors permanent that make achievements. 'for culture. of transdevelopment The By Kemp Amy In Actions such Speak noted peopleportation the from old to waterways as the I"famous Shakespearian actor, life's ask luxuries, DO notrailroad that shows Professor Clark Sothern; E. H. George as Washington But wholesome, simplicities sweet talenthas for a evaluating facts and a master planter; Steinmetz, scientific strong, clear, Eyesight bright,placing and before the them reader a with genius; William Gorgas, physician to

tillclearness of Peace that from live mind night, morn makes the him very the their atshare of world—receivelife of the past. Concerning history the health Vibrant ears that hear, and tention.

of Utah, we naturally feel that the auStrength to conquer every fear. (Concluded on page 505)

W..QM. fkadinq, Qdjumsl {BoohA,

EXECUTIVE the Gospel as it has been restored to for good which lie in man's nature.

Arliss as earth. of acting the such arrangement George the Genuine The of GalileeThe Man to do the Explorers the bringing will book, old and encourage does new(George R. Wendling, Deseret their into relief, enter into virbit their vivid they emphasizes those well when Company,Book City, Salt Lake the activity Junior with as eager tues are special a which Church drama weUtah. $1.00.)

to maintain. Girls.

'T'he author states plainly in his inElder Evans, the author, is one of The stories of Helen Woodward, troduction that he began his inquiry our bestknown Church writers, having advertising woman and author, of Etsu into the supernatural qualities of the to his credit such noteworthy books Sugimoto, JapaneseAmerican author, great Galilean in order to satisfy himas: Joseph Smith, An American Prowill impel girls and boys alike to greater

self. As a result of his questions, he phet; Charles Coulson Rich; One Hunactivity. By introducing Walter Damfound that his inquiry made his assurdred Years of Mormonism.—M. C. J. rosch and Gutzlon Gorglum, the stimance doubly strong. In the Man of "How to Win Friends and Influence ulus will be offered to those who are

Galilee, we come to realize that His People,"by Dale Carnegie was reartistic, and the interest of youth genwas the most majestic mind the world viewed in the February, 1937, Era, erally will be directed to those who has ever known: lucid, simple, clear, page 108. The book is decidedly are sometimes overlooked and neglecteffortless, certain. Galilean The also worth reading and rereading. edtoo infrequentlya world wherecrowdedbig businessout artistichas"touches all at every point, human life

in every sphere of thought, and on EXPLORER living.—M. C. /.

plane ofevery action."Persons Real JUNIOR GIRL

In addition to reinforcing faith and (Selected and edited by Edwin D.

giving insight into Christ's life and Starbuck and Staff, World Book "VTorth to the Orient, by Anneteachings, Mr. Wendling suggests Company, Yonkerson-Hudson, New Lindbergh, was reviewed in The

through the pages of this volume York, 1936. 340 pages. $1.06.) Improvement Era for March, 1936,

impress subjects, again 170. other onceenough books, and page we May sketchof biographical A collection

thisauthors that that earnest readers is one book could people our teach on all "other differs from Persons es, Real reading? their missthemselves that horizons. should one broaden and no

it excollections since represents an—M. C. J. haustive twoyear study by eight SCOUTS

literary critics thouof over fiveADULT AND SENIOR skilled Cowboy Hugh available of biography sand volumes

The Return to Religion in English. From the study three books (Walter H. Nichols, Macmillan

(Henry C. Link, Macmillan were compiled, the other two being reCompany, New York, 1927 and 1937.

Company. viewed "On the Book Rack,"page 284 pages. $1.00.)

'T'he review of this book appeared in 504. The High Trail and Actions "Diotous adventure in the unfre- X the March, 1937, Era, page 163. Speak. Considering carefully literary quented prairie lands of Wyoming

What was said there is reemphasized values, vocabulary difficulties, reading and Idaho teaches Hugh a genuine rehere. It is a book that all people will interests, the staff desired mainly to spect for law and order. When he

benefit from by reading. bring together biographical sketches had almost reached his destination,

M MEN AND GLEANERS whichresultingwillin rightstimulateliving, righton theimpulses,part of Hughof his employer.learned of Inthedesperateuntimely straits,death

Step a Little Higher those who read these books. Withhe joined another outfit and then the

( John Henry Evans, Deseret Book out moralizing, "The Secrets of Greatmysteries followed. What those mysCompany, Salt Lake City, Utah, ness,"the foreword to Real Persons, teries were and how they were solved,

1937. 136 pages. $1.25.) lists for all readers, old and young, Boy Scouts will be eager to discover as

/. A ll Latterday Saints will do well to qualitiessult in good,which,evenif developed,as those qualitieswill rethey read the book. M. C.

"read this beautifully bound volume, have been conducive of good among BEEHIVE GIRLS which will be a welcome addition to those whose stories are included in anyone's library. Two sections: "The this volume. HThe same list which was used last

Old Frontier"and "The New FronThe life of the intrepid, missionaryyear is to be suggested this year.

tier,"comprise nine stimulating chapdoctor-explorer, David Livingstone, This group was published in the Era ters. Part three is a challenge to live will fire any youth to the possibilities for September, 1936, page 561.

i

he however, Eventually, sky."the Revolution. close beto Also AmericanOn the Book Rack his back to his own fields side the national found park lies the Cherokee way

(Concluded from page 504) Indian Reservation which will invite with greater peace for himself and a

The Great Smoky Mountains many people to loiter within its boundpromise of being able to lead others to (Laura Thornborough, Thomas Y. aries. M. C. J. a more satisfying manner of living.Crowell, New York, 1937. 144 pages.)—M. C. J.

to Sky the Supple Slim and dealing'"Phis as volume, it does with Neighbor

Carroll, Macmillan Gladys Hasty LefflerEgnell, D. Appleton. (Barbo Park, Great National The Smoky 1937. pages.) 403 Company,( 209 pages.) Co., Century New York. 6, is certainauthorized 1930, February

to command a great reading public from 'T'o those who found pleasure in As Illustrations and directions make the those who would go traveling. In adthe Earth Turns, this new book by *"following of the exercises listed in

dition to the valuable information makthe same author will add measurably this book extremely easy to follow.

ing this an exceptionally good guide to the place she has already found in The effectiveness of the exercises can book, the author has one chapter on their hearts. The wholesomeness of be attested to by many people who

the history of the park and the people the country landscape permeates the have long been ardent advocates of which will prove interesting, giving as book, even though ambition drove one Swedish exercises. Even the children

it does, the folk song of these mountain of the country people into the conof the household will benefit by the folk who have descended from stock gestion of city life. Even in the city systematic arrangement which brings

settling in this region shortly after the he retained his ability to be "neighbor many muscles into play. M. C. /.

-lAL..fey

CONDUCTED BY MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

HOMEMADE MANNERS jostled each other; there was much cused herself to us, said, "Please

discomfort. Both time and excuse me, Albert."caught By Emma JR. Smith bodily We tempers in that were lost. Someone our breath to enough gasp someAlbert not understand- H<[omemadeproval ormaythe betrademarka term of apof crowdsaw hehadcoulda usefulmove thought.faster and Hein ing.thing"But,"aboutsaid the wise mother, "he

ridicule. A homemade cake is demore comfort by going to the right will observe this custom because I

of those passing lectable. dinner is A homemade it. When rection. highly satisfactory. A secondin personthe oppositeobserveddihedo. isHeolderwillhegrowwill upunderstandusing it and A homemade

hat, however, may be received with the behavior of the first, saw its adcontinue to use it."The attitude of

a cocked eyebrow. What about vantages, and passed to the right. the parents has an immense influence

"that fine sense which men call So did a fourth and a fifth. Day on the manners of their children.

courtesy?"Are homemade manafter day more persons passed to Even when the parents are as unconners acceptable? Made in the right the right. Passing to the right soon scious of teaching as the parents are

kind of home, they are second to became a custom. Manners are of learning, the children do as the

none. Manners grown at home, customs made in the same general parents do. The adults of the fampracticed from the cradle up, are way the custom of passing to the ily need to exercise care in the small, the real brand. right may have been made—by tacit everyday ways of doing. Whether agreement. or Any man woman, they to want be examples not, or the exist Manners because, their by girl any or boy sees a who need and children will copy it do. they what is use, easier to get along with finds it a to meet start way a may Bad manners sometimes others. is grow Life agreeable more when If custom. is the real, need and from a lack of the sense of humor. people are wellmannered. Kindfelt sufficiently a by large number It in helps if courtesy you not do ness heart, of from which good of persons, the custom benew may regard yourself too seriously. There is spring, manners a thortwo-way come permanent. Consciously or is in good advice the old it rhyme: oughfare: leads to from us comunconsciously, is every one meeting it's If sanity after, you're fort for it others leads to and back situations life. every his of day An There's recipe like no laughter. us. either Manners, or bad, good individual creates a who of new way little a Laugh at yourself this occahave create peculiarity—they acting suits that the will occasion sionally. of in the things Some that the user of is the feeling them he soon followers. have The new way so seem deadly serious in trying to the in home produce the other perof new be acting—the really are custom—will not important. If son. is of it heart your One not what it is used long as as needed and first the things good should teach manners be toward one, try some it adequate. is longer no When is us that ourselves are weusing not kindliness in very dealing with him, it will needed, be or changed dropimportant. other lo The personand first should behold! and the thing you ped. always the be one interestsknow, will who each feeling you be toward cannot Manners plastered be on us. of one ashim actions your imply. Courthe from outside. from They grow sometimes of say tesy a person the makes We wear tear and of heart. the should They be learned poise, is has who as easyeveryday as "He contacts an it easier and in the earlier in life home. they The old shoe."like this It ease. thekeeps heart kindly. We are acquired, better. the wisest The feel us makes comfortable all grow, as and Manners do, customs parents their teach children, from secure. person The achieves afrom for need who them. crowd A the very beginning, the correct ways it is probably taught the correct havemay been moving along the things. of doing the youngThen customs early in lifehighway, and has a higgledypiggledy. Persters to nothing have unlearn. A chance to practice his themhaps from passing difficult; was people little of mother a yearold baby life's beginning. His are manners turned, as she about to leave was the right of kind "homemade"—in the after and, room,King she Richard's exhad Squire home.

(Regina Kelly, Thomas Y. Crowell

Co., New York, 1937, 272 pages.)

Big Loop and Little A young lad, son of a French father (Alice Rogers Hager, Macmillan and English mother, won his way Company, New York, 1937. $2.00.)

by loyalty to King Richard's side and '"To show the life of the cowboy in acted as that English king's squire. the west, the author has not only

The story of the coronation is made used her words adequately but she has interestingdoubly because of rethe also collected rare a group of Western cent coronation of a of new king Engpictures taken principally Charles by land, VI. George Belden, has been a contributor who of

unfolding The of the noble French unusual photographs to ImproveThe lad's adventures from the time when ment Era. is story logical The and

lefthe France his with grandfather to will answer questions many which mayhis entering service as a menial and have lurked in the adult as mind to finally the became king's young squhe; the is why always cowboy pictured

his meeting with Chaucer, the great the with gay bandana, chaps, highandEnglish the poet time, of whose works heeled boots.

he his read had with beloved in mother yearround activities The of the cowhisFrance; exposures of tricksters and are in treated boy such a as to waythe rebellious Tyler stirring make Wat create an understanding citybetweenreading for girls. boys and folk reared the and lone cowboy.

0pta/dbrumt d duccdwtL Two New Institute Heads Appointed "p\R. theLowellInstituteL. Bennion,at the Universitydirector ofof

Utah for the past three years, has been selected to initiate the Institute at

Tucson, Arizona, which will open this fall. Dr. Bennion, following his graduation from the University of Utah,

served two and onehalf years in the

SwissGerman Mission. Following his

missionary service, he remained in

Strasbourg as a student and received his doctorate from the University of

Strasbourg.

T. Edgar Lyon has been appointed

as Dr. Bennion's successor at the University of Utah. Elder Lyon has been

a seminary worker for six years, prior to his being called as president of the

Netherlands Mission, which position he has held for the past three years and nine months.

Newly Appointed Seminary Teachers \t7iLLis J. Lyman, principal of the

'"Lyman, Wyoming, seminary since 1931, has been transferred to teach in the Rexburg, Idaho, seminary. He has

also served as bishop of the Lyman

Ward for several years. Elder Lyman

is a graduate of Brigham Young University.

Nicholas Van Alfen, who has served as principal of the Grantsville Seminary in Utah during the past two years, has been appointed to teach in the Weber

Seminary of Ogden, Utah. He is a

graduate of Brigham Young University and also served in the Netherlands

Mission during 192628.

Boyden C. Braithwaite of Manti was

appointed a teacher in the Wasatch

Seminary in Heber City, Utah. A

graduate of Brigham Young University, he also served in the Texas Mission during 193435.

QhwichwldsL (photon

1. BeeHive Leaders and girls of St. George Stake.

2. Executive officers of wards and stake of St.

George gathered for Stake Honor Day.

3. Group of Girls and Y. W. M. I. A. Presidency

of Panaca Ward, who completed Tithing Project.

4. Queen and Attendants of Gold and Green Ball,

St. George Stake.

5. L. D. S, Male Quartet with Headquarters in the

Central States Mission.

6. Semiformal Ball held at St. George, Utah.

7. Junior Girl Luncheon of St. George Stake for

Stake Honor Day.

8. Trophies won by Oakley High School Athletes.

9. Oakley High School "AllMormon"Basketball

Team—1937.

Exploring the Universe By FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

"itamin B prevents hair from turning "Dleached cornflakes and gypsum are v gray—at least in rats. used to represent snow on the

screen. Paraffin gives a successful im-

"MTatural air is a mixture of about itation of ice. Fogs for movies can

fourfifths nitrogen and onefifth be made with compressed air and minoxygen, with a very small amount of eral oil. By heating the oil the right

carbon dioxide and the "noble"gases: amount a London fog is made, and by

heating the helium, high vapor to a temperargon, neon, krypton, and y i-r ature a is created. Francisco fog xenon. Experiments San of a period over

fifteen years on various animals show When oil cannot be used because of there is no single gas, even oxygen, the ruin it would cause, as with costly in which animals can live. In mixtures furniture, then Chinese incense is

of pure nitrogen and oxygen, animals burned.

also die, showing a need for the rare TJTow fast can a fox run? Clarence

gases. White mice thrive better when Cottam inspecting wild life areas A certain water spider surrounds the atmosphere is fourfifths helium in South Carolina had a gray fox jump itself with a bubble of air which it

instead of nitrogen. ahead of his car. The fox ran 26 miles uses as a diving bell, to live under

- an hour for 100 yards, but gradually water. The bubble of air is necessary

o ilcoalhasmadebeenfrommadewood.from coal, and atslowedthe enddownof atohalfaboutmile.21 milesYellowstonean hour usesinceairthedissolvedspider doesin thenotwater.have gills to

park rangers tell of grizzly bears racing

HPhe elephant gets six or seven sets automobiles at speeds of 28, 30 and pARTHworms cannot see red, so fishof teeth during the course of its life, possibly 35 miles an hour. "ermen hunting worms at night

and some members of the alligator should use a red light. If an ordinary

family have grown as many as 40 sets An acoustic altimeter, long needed or blue light is flashed on the worms in a single lifetime. Sharks have as "by aircraft, is about ready to go as they emerge from their burrows,

many as seven visible, parallel, curved from the research laboratory into the they slide back. Worms do not have

rows of teeth, of which only the front hands of manufacturers'designing eneyes but the front part of their body two or three of these rows are used. gineers. Altimeters now used show appears to be most sensitive to light.

The rows in back develop to take the height above sea level instead of height An earthworm is also capable of learnplace of the rows shed over the front above the ground. By measuring the ing since it can be trained to turn to

edge of the mouth. time for sound to travel from a plane the right or left at the top of a T-shaped

4 to the earth and back, heights up to tube, by punishing it with an electric

Tse of sleeping medicines, such as about 700 feet are measured very acshock for one side and rewarding it *"* bromides, and veronal, amytal, curately. with a dark place for the other.

and others of the barbituric type is + 4 tool in studying what happensapparently to leading increase A new a definite Babylonian '"Phe mathematicians ex- *"different to elements,in taken disease, mental when to according Dr. celled early the Greeks. mathe- A

is into the body, with being developed Hospital, of Bellevue CurranF. J. New matics written 2000 B. book has C.

York. been deciphered by a Danish scientist, artificially radioactive elements. Sod-

+ showing multiplication tables, a symium in common table salt has been

Cmithsonianhas found thatInstitutionnightly sleep,researchor bolfor calculatingfor zero, negativeareas andnumbers,volumes,tablesand person'smade radioactiveveins. Becauseand injectedthe radiointosod-a

something very like it, is as necessary tables of squares, cubes, and recipium "broadcasts"radioactivity, instruto plants as it is to men and animals. rocals. Even the theorem of Pythaments can detect where it travels and

Plants "to instantly sleep"the light go goras was well known to the Baby4what it does.

is off, turned it takes but ten lonians. them about

minutes after a period to awake of HPheA earthfixedthatstarsthe arespeedso offarlightfrommustthedarkness. Strangely, growth was

found to be most rapid in darkness. be used as a yardstick. It takes light

+ four and a third years to travel to us

Progress in treating epilepsy has been from Proxima Centauri, the closest made by using a diet rich in fats, star, but only a second and a quarter with little sugar or starch foods. This to come from the moon. Light would

diet prevented attacks in half a group travel over seven times around the earth in a second.of might patients. Attacks prevented be

if breathing kept even, could be Harvard Medical School reports. piSH scales have rings, like the growth

4 rings of a tree, growing in summer

Tn Copenhagen a plumber uses an eel andcountingpracticallythe ringsstoppinga fish'sin agewinter.can Bybe

to pipes. clean clogged eel wrigThe determined. similarly huSomewhat \k itgles through clears the pipe out. and teeth start in the fifth man growing -%* -&4 is until month continue and a person

twentyone. is regrowth A person's if better"[LOWERS keep

salads Pole for at the North cut with a Presh in corded in changes the of the form sharp knife scissors. than with

scientists! Russian Vegetables rings, for the treelike, cutting seen a by

Ant queens live as long as 15 years neededartificial vitaminslight in willfurlinedbe growncellarsunderwith crossgrowthsectionis oneof anda tooth.a halfThetenthou-rate of

and workers have been known to current generated by windmill power sands of an inch a day, onetwelfth survive 4 or 5 years. overhead. the thickness of a human hair.

SwissGERMAN TALLIES

MISSION PRESIDENT PHILEMON M. KELLY UP (FRONT ROW CENTER) AND TWELVE OF THE

MISSION, ASSEMBLED SWISSGERMAN

CONVENTION, DISTRICT PRESIDENT'S a brief summary of some of the recent accomTHEATFOURTEENA NATIVE DISTRICT PRESIDENTS OF plishments in one mission with reference to the JUNE 1, 1936.

Priesthood Activity Plan.

into line. The Priesthood plan was

By LINDSAY R.CURTIS organized and functioning in the

SwissGerman Mission.

all recall the inauguration their names, space was left for their At the end of the first quarter of in the mission field of the assignments. These were placed in the year, after the plan had been

fromWE to Z form all alphabetical in operation into A to brought as plan Priesthood new better. utilize The them simplify Priestand warranting with branches This Zion. of stakes in theadopted diwere after each name of increase columns enrollment, an hood activity to promote devisedplan was and to weeks according vided attendance in average was 59% the of attendance increasedand acassigned the record to first months month, January, noted. The give to and a whole asPriesthood President made tivities. Branch for activities the misThe 1,447 showed greater a member Priesthoodevery coming week the for assignments the alone, of the sion. In December finger service. for Theopportunity Suneach card large and this total for the year, upon the month's same disvery pointed has progressof memPriesthood every morning, into day an 7,195, mission jumped had in this plan of success thetinctly to card, personal his upon activities, the recorded ber of and crease 5,748

the stakes of Zion, but what about the assignments given him. The enthusiasm and activity of the breththe missions of the Church? following Sunday, the completed ren is still increasing. The total

On November 27, 1935, Darrell assignments were reported along reported for the entire year reached

L. Brady, former District President with any "extra"activities which over 64,500, exceeding the projected

of the Stuttgart District, was called were not directly assigned. The goal by more than 13,500, this in

by President Philemon M. Kelly to results of this procedure were very spite of the fact that in some of the

act as Priesthood Supervisor of the pleasing and effective, serving also branches, reports were unavailable.

SwissGerman Mission. His instructo keep the brethren informed of the With awakened interest in the

tions were to study all material and progress they were making. Priesthood and its activity still

data given out by the authorities With the entire plan and purpose growing, 100,000 activities are listed and return a report and a suggestive well in hand, the Priesthood Superfor 1937, with a corresponding plan as to ways and means of best visor was sent on a tour throughout growth in attendance at the meetcarrying out the new procedure. the entire mission. He met as far as ings.

member, Priesthood every possible HEADAND SWISSGERMAN MISSION HOME The object was to give every in all meetings BASEL, special 49, QUARTERS, LEIMENSTRASSE holding

Priesthood member of the mission a branches, explaining and awakening SWITZERLAND.

greater opportunity for activity, and interest for the new plan in the promote better cooperation in the hearts of the brethren, and inauguDistricts, even as in the Stakes. To rating the regular Sunday morning

best fulfill this end, the following and monthly Priesthood meetings, plan was adopted. Each member as advised. The lessons for the

was to be assigned at least one acPriesthood, recommended by the tivity each week. A list of activities Quorum of the Twelve, were transwas—everythingdrawn upwhichin alphabeticalmight be countorder latedfor theirintouse.German and put into form

ed as an activity for the brethren, The first special Priesthood meetsuch as giving an address, visiting ing was held in Stuttgart by Elder and encouraging the inactive, disBrady on December 23, 1935. At

tributing church literature, openeach of the Spring Conferences ing a constructive gospel conversaPresident Kelly demonstrated and tion, aiding the sick and helpless, explained the great constructive and kindred activities. value of the plan and procedure, the

A large Branch Assignment Card plan being accepted with open hearts containing the names of every by the assembled brethren. By the

Priesthoodholder was placed in the 5th of April, 1936, every district in

Priesthood classroom. Following the entire mission had been brought

CONDUCTED BY THE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF. THE

COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE—EDITED BY JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH

How the Priesthood Quorums food because he has a piece of ground who cannot get into the competitive

Function Under the Church and a little home. field in work they may be provided emSecurity Plan Where the quorum finds itself unployment on some quorum project.

to assistance able all the necesrender have quorums in the Church Many 'T'here is no organization in the this, to sary the matter accomplish parcels leased of ground, and members

Church whose members should be should be taken up with the bishop and who could not do a full day's work as close to each other as should be through him with the stake president but who could assist in truck gardening the members of a quorum of Priestand then the problem comes to the Genhave been given the opportunity of hood. If the quorum is organized with eral Committee of the Church for such taking care of a part of this land. Nuits four committees; and if the Personal counsel and guidance as they may be merous other projects have been proWelfare and Church Service commitable to offer. But the quorum must do vided upon which such quorum memtees are functioning as they are exits part first and do all that it can in an bers, who either are waiting to secure

pected to do, certainly this close assoattempt locally to solve the problem of a position and are being assisted in the ciation makes it possible for the quorum the unemployed quorum member before meantime or those who are not able to officers and members to know the real reporting the matter to the General do ordinary labor but nevertheless needs and personal condition of each Church Committee. could make some contribution, may be

of the members. If there are quorum members who given the chance of working and show

First of all it is the responsibility are incapable of working and yet who their willingness to do something in of the members of these committees need assistance, and they are worthy appreciation of the assistance that is to see that each member of the quorum men, they should not have to rendered from the funds contributed by is paying his full, honest tithing; also have to seek elsewhere. The matter the quorum membership. In this way

that each quorum member and his famshould of course be reported to the the quorum becomes a real brotherily are contributing to the fast offerings bishop and he with the Relief Society hood, and we are responsible for seeing up to the standard set by the Church, sisters will make the investigation and that it is a brotherhood not only in namely $1.00 per capita as a minimum. learn what help may be needed, and spirituality but in the solution of the

In this way funds are created for the from the Fast Offering fund there can temporal problems of the members of assistance of worthy quorum members be rendered judicious and wise aid to the quorum so far as it is within the who are in need of help. It becomes, assist him in securing a living. Howpower of those members to assist their

then, the duty of the Personal Welfare ever, the Church is opposed to supportbrethren.

Committee and the quorum officers to ing any man or woman who is able to Nothing will make the quorum memknow the members of their quorum do something without giving him or her ber think so much of his standing in who are in need of employment. If the the opportunity of rendering some the quorum as the interest that may be

employment cards furnished by the service for the assistance thus received. shown the unfortunate member by his.

Church Security Committee are used If, therefore, there are quorum members (Concluded on page 514) and kept up to date, when the quorum meets each week or month, a complete of the statusrecord of each member L. D. S. STAKE MISSIONS is MONTHLY REPORT OF THE referencewith to unemployment

available. It would be a splendid thing Made by The First Council of the Seventy to The Council of the Twelve Apostles

if every quorum would do as many For the Month of May, 1937 are now doing, namely, carry a Missionary Activities list their of brethren and, unemployed or 1. Evenings part days spent in missionary work 4,320'hear they of an opening wherewhen 2. in Hours spent missionary 9,697 work

the unemployed man could probably fit 3. Number of calls made while trading 8,849

in, send word to him at once so that 4. Number of first invitations in while tracting 2,716

he may make application for the posi- 5. Number of revisits 2,61

tion. 6. Number of Gospel conversations 7,400

of standard distributed 7. Number church works 264 In rural communities where the unof other 230'distributed books Numberemployed is accustomed member to 8.9. tracts distributed and Number of pamphlets 9,293

farm work and could find the solution 10. Number of Books of Mormon sold 112

to his problem in getting a piece of land, 11. Number of hall meetings held 118

the quorum should be interested in try12. Number of cottage meetings held 516

ing to place him on a piece of land, 13. Number of cottage and hall meetings attended 1,579

either by lease or by purchase; and in 14. Number of investigators present at cottage and hall meetings 2,522

order to assist him, the quorum members 15. Number of baptisms as a result of missionary work 116

16. inactive of Number of members the Church brought into activity through stake contributionmight of cermake some missionary service the during 212 month or partlytain discarded imused farm

plements; or an exchange of work may Additional Information

provide him the opoortunity to have Number of Stakes in the Church 118 his land plowed and taken care of with Number of Stake Missions organized 1 1 the assistance of members. quorum It Missionaries Actively Engaged

jointlyis also that possible the quorum might be helpful in establishing his Number of Stakes reporting 81 of Districts 252 forcontract the purchase or lease of NumberElders 194 efforts theirland united through and Seventies 853 it possible for him to bemake soon High Priests 1601 on his own faet, solving the problem Women 198of being housed and also of raising his Total 1,405 there'sWhen a highway N THE SKY By ROBERTA BLAKE CLAYTON

MISSIONARIES OF INDIAN DISTRICT

A talewhomofthethe Bookdescendantsof Mormonof thosespeaks.of Allen,Heward,MarshallPres.DistrictH. EugeneFlake,President.Flake,A. B. Randall,and Pres.SessalL. D.S.

have you not come betheir wives were wandering around there, and Elder Allen having been the before City, Hotevilla should village of born be the the at Tuba It is fore?"many, many Why if inspirato the mission as ones chosen reopen by began, ceremonial moons. waityou have Why the of of particular to to these the led descendants tion home he was of are long?"some ed so These with sevLamanites. the He, than Kotchongva. Chief, More Dan the the questions asked Tewas by

in before, conthe years enty Gospel tribesmen, his was of two too, that questions, Hopis, have and tribal to preached them been by a very serious had ference on the of of in the some minds been Haskell, and Hamblin, Thales Jacob ocproblem. Saints had have Latterday who genernot while and, it was visothers, the that told Chief Indians these was to casion The go among

it ally traresulted in the accepted, of the Church itors their reservamembers were the on Navajos and dition Brother the that had "White Saints. of Latterday Christ of tions. Jesus again the truth would and come fairly and beamed, the countenance of 1936 His the During summer in the there a highway was them, and when with Stake, shook hands he of Snowflake the president waited? sky."had they But why told interpreter his that them instructed Smith, through F. was Samuel with ablaze the heavens not of Were acCity, visit an Salt his the to carrying Lake responsibility of the

light airplane? often of the the How is in the Febfound of which count Indians to the the Navajo on Gospel their high of the point vantage from

issue Improveruary, dele1936, Reservations of The was Hopi and of sat in they the hush had given mesas said he had missionaries. merit Era. comto his He gated The this and highway, seen night and then story of his was and part gratitude now with received mission was the before long how it. wondered of remainder the to give willing mission stake enthusiasm by the and as their Brother would come White very a memorable occasion Flake, as he was S. president, The Eugene deliverer?

his Flake President for and Snake one attended the had recently the Permission asked from was to the forward party, he looked while and and on the Reservation, Dance affairs in of Indian Secretary Washhe and his uncle, John T. Flake, and time when the Gospel might be ington, and graciously given.

MISSIONARIES OF THE SNOWFLAKE STAKE brought to that people. Elders Brinkerhoff and Allen, now MISSIONS

Upper left, Sessal D. Allen, John C. Ramsay, When the new corps of missionclothed with authority, purchased a

Jesse Decker, N. Flake, Lewis, M. James W. illusslides projecting set apart on called machine and aries and were

Morris. Flake, H. Marshall VirgilAmmon

findings of trating archeological an very J. Flake. it seemed 30, Will 1936, D. Bushman, Center Martin row: August

District; Pres. L. Indian S. Heward, Lower row:

District; S. Eugene fitting that Elders Joseph Brinkerancient civilization on this ContiPres. Mountain Smith, A. George

Pres. Berry, A. Dr. President; H. first Flake, Mission both of to Winslow, Sessal went nent, and D. Allen, hoff and

Mission Clayton, Flake District; Roberta Fe Santa Indians of are em- a colony spent their where early boyhood had B. Randall. A. Rencher; whom Nettie Hunt Secretary;

ployed by the Santa Fe railroad, and in their lectures explained how these findings substantiate the account found in the Book of Mormon, which, they were told, was a record of their forefathers. Here

they were received with interest and kindness.

Chortly after this, Elders Heward,

Allen, and Randall went to Window Rock, Arizona, headquarters for the Navajo, Hopi, and Tewa

Tribes, to confer with the General

Superintendent, Mr. E. R. Fryer,

to obtain permission to preach on that Reservation. The Elders were

told that the Superintendent was (Concluded on page 512) THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1937

When There's a readfor aboutthe Bookfive ofhours.Mormon,Vintonand theyhad

it, the Elder explainingHighway in the Sky discussed many things the Indian had not un- [ LOSflnGELES 511) page ( Concluded from derstood, including promises made STOP AT TO people to the Lamanite if they would they wait might but thatvery busy, to see him; and wait they did, for a accept its teachings. * nUi 0TL

hour. Finally father, a messenger Chief,whole old Vinton's The

told his told that them thecame and family Superinhad many LflnKCRSHim f iriT++ CnTR see them. theirtendent missionwould churches send would, OFVRYTinG that them, they on this interdepended but So much aries among

view that it was with fear and tremshould join none of them, but wait Dwiuf to- -3UK dotyi.ditsndarl

bling and prayerful hearts that their for the Mormons to come again; that

stated.mission they the truth. bring Then, comwas co: Without would xuJistton hotel

President FRnK UUlSHOnout- sign of the fingers his placing toHf:*ffk''VW a visiblement or two index

come, Mr. Fryer listened to the regether horizontally, Vinton conquest and the argument in its favor. tinued: "And my father said, 'Their

When the Elders had finished, he beliefs shall be like ours, and we quietly, almost reverently, remarkshall be brothers.'But why did you

ed: "My grandmother pushed a wait so long? I had almost given

handcart across the plains."up hope of your coming."He feared

Unlimited scope was given the that his father and his family that missionaries with the result that a had waited so long in vain might to suffer of visits of the delayed have beennumber because mesmade IT

It sage, is thethe Hopis and Tewas. which thought gave Elder PAYS

policy to go first to the chieftains Allen the opportunity to explain theof the tribes, and to the old men, justice of God, and how a way has TO many of whom remember the former been provided in the Temples of themissionaries or the Latterday Saints Lord whereby they may be redeemCranEquip who lived at Tuba City or Moened. In all of Brother Allen's miscoppy, and to them the word "Morsionary experiences he does not reYour Institutional

mon"is almost a magic one. call a more satisfactory or more

The questions asked at the beginspiritual occasion. Buildings...

ning of this article are frequently On another trip, this time to asked by them, and the answers Oraibi, President Heward was acgiven by the Elders are taken from companied by all of his missionaries. Crane has a complete line of

their own records, as found in the They had taken a room for the plumbing fixtures for instituBook of Mormon, with its history and night, when a young Indian came prophecies concerning the Indian. and spent several hours conversing tional use—each built for hard

The handicaps met by the earlier with them, comparing the legends of service, each built to minimize missionaries in having to master unhis people with the doctrines taught written languages, have, in a measby the Latterday Saints. And to upkeep cost. Within that line,

ure, been overcome by the Indians one who does not understand them, you can find exactly the right themselves, and it is a rare thing to it is surprising the resemblance, fixtures for your institutions find, among the Hopis in particular, when one considers their traditions an Indian under thirty years of age have only been preserved by word and can purchase them with who doesn't speak sufficient English of mouth. the confidence that you are getto interpret for the missionaries of The Elders have found favor in ting Crane quality in every detoday. the eyes of the most influential men

Tpon the first trip of Elder Allen of the tribes and are shown every tail of construction. And resince the new order has been courtesy. Tom Pavatea tendered member, Crane is a leader in

given, he went alone, and spoke to his store for the presentation of the providing the extra sanitary ad-a group of Hopis for a long time. slides and lectures, and it was

Then, being tired, he got into his crowded with interested listeners. vantages that institutions need.

car, thinking to drive out where he And here is a fitting place to speak could be alone, ate his lunch, and of the honesty of these people, for CranEquip, and you can suprest awhile. As he was about to though the store contains thousands ply all your institutional plumbstart, Vinton Polacca, a Hopi about of dollars'worth of valuable jewelry ing needs from a single source,

the age of Elder Allen, and son of and blankets, he had sufficient conthe Chief for whom the pueblo of fidence to trust them, even with the with single, undivided responPolacca was named, got into the car lights extinguished. sibility for your satisfaction.

with him. He had a rope and bridle About fifty copies of the Book of

on his arm, and after they had gone Mormon have been distributed by a mile or so, Elder Allen, thinking these missionaries of the Snowflake E*he was going out after a horse, Stake and their enthusiasm is uniCRANCRANE CO., GENERAL OFFICES:

asked him where he wanted to go, bounded, and now, through the help 836 S. MICHIGAN AVE., CHICAGO, ILL.

and the answer was, "Wherever of our Heavenly Father, who knows 307 BranchesW. SECONDand SalesS., SALTOfficesLAKEin OneCITY,HundredUTAHyou go."When they reached a but that the prediction may be fuland Sixty Cities

secluded spot, Elder Allen stopped filled, "A nation shall be born in a VALVES, FITTINGS, FABRICATED PIPE, the car and the two of them talked day."PUMPS, PLUMBING AND HEATING MATERIAL

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC—EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

WARD TEACHER'S MESSAGE SEPTEMBER, 1937 Scripture Reading 'T'here is a definite duty and obligation en- * joined upon Latterday Saints to become informed of the teachings of the Gospel. We are taught that man cannot be

saved in ignorance and that the knowledge gained in this life will continue with us eternally.

The most important knowledge any person can acquire is knowledge of God's plans dren—theand purposesGospelfor theof JesussalvationChrist.of His chilOther useful and helpful knowledge is, of

course, desirable. But no amount of knowledge of worldly affairs will compensate for

lack of knowledge of things spiritual.

Church—theReading ofBible,the standardBook of Mormon,works ofDocthe

Price—andtrine and Covenants,becoming familiarand PearlwithoftheGreatimportant teachings they contain, should be a

regular practice in all Latterday Saint homes.We are here upon earth to gain experience, knowledge, and understanding of

temporal, spiritual, and eternal truths. The

tendency, being followed by many, to neglect study of the scriptures is regettable.

It indicates a disposition to ignore, or at least failure to heed, the plainly stated injunctions of the scriptures themselves and theWeoftrepeatedare definitelyteachingsinformedof Churchthat leaders.parents pare and follow a program of scripture

who fail to teach the principles of the reading, either collectively or individually.

Gospel to their children will be held acWhenever practicable, scripture reading by countable for such failure; and parents the entire family group is highly desirable.

themselves who fail to gain all the knowlFamilies in which this commendable practice edge available to them will, as time goes on, is followed bear testimony of its value and forfeit the blessings which come to those manifest in their lives the virtues developed who gain understanding of spiritual things. through learning and applying the teachWith the approach of the fall and winter ings of scripture.

seasons it is suggested that each family preIn times like these, a solid foundation of

TOP: RAFT RIVER, BURLEY, CASSIA. MINIDOKA, AND TWIN FALLS STAKES AT SUBLETT

CANYON.

CENTER: ERECTION OF MONUMENT AT

CAJON PASS ON MORMON PIONEER TRAIL

TO CALIFORNIA, BY SAN BERNARDINO AND

PASADENA STAKES. (KNEELING TO LEFT OF

MONUMENT IN FOREGROUND JEFFERSON

DALEY, KNEELING TO RIGHT IN FOREGROUND, E. Q. SULLIVAN, DIST, ENGINEER;

PRES. A. L. LARSON AND PRES. RULON H.

CHENEY.) BOTTOM: OUR MORMON BATTALION TRAIL,

PACHECO PASS BY ARIZONA—MESA THIRD

WARD AARONIC PRIESTHOOD.

faith should more than ever, be the goal of every Latterday Saint. Regular, careful,

and prayerful reading of the scriptures is one of the best known methods of securing and retaining that faith.

TOP: AARONIC PRIESTHOOD CHORUS OF

OGDEN 18TH WARD, BISHOP L. GRANT

LOFGREEN.

BOTTOM: AN EARLY SEASON WATERMELON

FEAST, WITH BISHOP JAMES H. RILEY, HELD

IN 11TH WARD, STAKE. WEBER

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1937

MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD (Concluded from page 510)

associate brethren in bringing to him all whole burnt offerings and sacrifices. in food for the relief of the poor, all

real happiness in the knowledge that a (Mark 12:2933.) will feel better spiritually, physically,

man can take care of himself and his Today throughout the world there and mentally. Moreover, we will infamily because he has a job or he has is little love of God and less, perhaps, crease in the capacity to love our

a farm or an opportunity to earn his of one's fellow men, or neighbors. neighbor as ourselves, and surely our

own living. Selfishness and the desire on the part fellow quorum member is as close a

The quorum can therefore function of men and nations to obtain advantage neighbor as one could possibly be.

in a most effective way in assisting the over their fellow men and nations have The Church is only asking that we live

Church in a solution of these indibrought the world into a state of turin accordance with our religion. If

vidual problems. Melvin J. Ballard. moil, strife, and hatred that portends we will keep these commandments we

its undoing. Civilization, if we have will find everlasting joy, and that is the

civilization, hangs in the balance. What great gift for which we and all men are

When one of the scribes came to a wonderful, glorious thing it would be seeking, if our hearts are right before the Savior and asked him to explain if all men would turn to the love of the Lord.

which was "the first commandment of God and the consideration of their felEach member of the Church should all": lows. We who are members of the be prudent and saving. Wastefulness

Jesus answered him, saying:... The Church are duty bound to practice is a modern evil; especially is this the

first of all the commandments is, Hear, O these principles and place ourselves in case in this western world. Men and

Israel; The Lord our God is one Lord; obedience to these two great laws, upon women are wasteful not only of suband thou shalt love the Lord thy God with which, said our Lord, "hang all the stance, but also of time. Teach the

all soul,all thy and heart, with thy and the prophets."law and to of the indusbe members quorum

all strength: all thy with mind, thy andwith

let in it be all that they trious and do Security Plan is one Church The the first isthis the commandment. And

second is like, namely, this, Thou shalt means by which we can show, as men done in the name of the Lord. Our

love thy neighbor as thyself... There holding the Priesthood and with a speinterests should not be selfish but great

is none other commandment greater than cial interest in our fellow members, our enough to embrace the welfare of our these. obedience to these great laws. If we neighborhood that happiness may inAnd the scribe said unto him, Well, Maswill be honest in the payment of our crease and the joy of living righteously

ter, there truth: for the said hast thou if in disreligious- will those are to be extended is tithes and offerings; who we

he: other but there is none andone God; tress, fast requirements perhaps because despondent the and day observe ly heart, all the to love with and himAnd feel brotherly that they there love meals abstain on that is no from two and all all the with understanding,with and

the soul, and with all the strength, and to day set apart each month giving the existing in this benighted world.love his neighbor as himself, is more than equivalent of what we would consume—/. F. S.

You Can Pat

on the Back!

YOUexcellentdrive today—almostroads—thanks everywhere—onto "Caterpillar"

road machinery and equipment, which does its share in making motoring a pleasure for find you. Summer, fall, winter, spring—you

"Caterpillar""Caterpillar"building and maintaining roads at

Auto Patrol extremely low cost... for "Caterpillar"is the

wise choice of conscientious highway officials this territory.

& EQUIPMENT CO. throughoutLANDESTRACTOR

"Caterpillar"Distributors "Caterpillar"Diesel Tractor Headquarters—245 West South Temple, Salt Lake City

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1937

SHAKESPEARE'S PLAYS BROADCAST (olumbia Broadcasting System Monday from 6:00 to 7:00 p. m. summer sessions. The contest ofhas elected to present eight of M. S. T., over Radio Station KSL fers a first prize of $250 for the

Shakespeare's most popular plays. and other CBS outlets. The best critical essay dealing with the

Four of these were presented in July Improvement Eva, wishing to note eight plays broadcast. Fifteen secand four will be broadcast during all good things, encourages its readond prizes, consisting of copies of

August. ers to learn the time when these are the. new edition of Shakespeare's

presented their over stations illustrated and works by Rockwell Kent director is of the productions The in for tune them. 2, August and autographed The On Brewster by MorBrewster formerly Morgan, of Engwill the Taming pregan, director be Shrew series, of of the will be land's Oxford of Theater and New 1 sented; 6, It; August awarded. Like papers You As The must be subYork's Broadway. casts inThe 22, August mitted to first 30, the IV; Henry school August later to and clude twentyfive artists ranking of a Night. national Twelfth board. Local winners the stage picture motion and and In addition to must presenting their submit the essays to the than more one players of hundred

is plays, offering division a prize drama to of the CBS Columbia note.

students attending American colBroadcasting System before SepThe plays are broadcast each leges and universities during the tember 10.

TOP ROW, LEFT TO RIGHT: DIRECTOR MORGAN, BREWSTER OF COLUMBIA'S SHAKESPEARE CYCLE: EDWARD

"TAMING OF THE SHREW;"IN "AS AS "JACQUES!"FRANK MORGAN YOU LIKE IT;"WALTER CONNOLLY AS "FALSTAFF"G. ROBINSONIN "HENRYAS "PETRUCHI0"IV."IN THE

SECOND ROW, LEFT TO RIGHT: IV;"WALTER HUSTON AS THE KING IN "HENRY BRIAN AWERN, "PRINCE HAL"IN HENRY IV;"ESTELLE WINW00D

AS "MARIA"NIGHT;"IN "TWELFTH IN SIR CEDRIC HARDWICKE AS "MALV0LI0"NIGHT.""TWELFTH

//Pacific Advertising Clubs Association Sends Thanks to uThe Improvement Era

Tn a letter dated at San Francisco graciousness to us while we were in ConBe It Further Resolved, that the P. A.

vention in Salt City. enclosed Lake C. the The time, A. acknowledge energy, 15, 1937, July and signed by Lou book contains report the a of Resolutions thbught, altruistic and motives whichE. President, for Townsend, to extending the Committee the you and following your prompted individuals and

Pacific Advertising Clubs Associaworkers our profound thanks for this splenganizations to contribute so much of greatortion, the following word is received: did spirit of cooperation. We are delighted value and success to this gathering:

to tell you that your people made it possible

Mr. Richard L. Evans, for us to have an outstanding Convention.

for the The Improvement To Era (g) yours,The Improvement Era, Very truly attractive and informative brochure E. Townsend, mostSalt Lou Lake City, Utah. furnished each delegate their and for courPresident.

tesy in arranging visits the to the Brigham Mr.Dear Evans: published The the report referred to Young's Home, Lion House, and the

are in indeed grateful to you for your reads We part as follows: BeeHive House.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1937

Who Is Youth? SCRIPTURAL CROSSWORD(See PsalmsPUZZLE—MAKERS98:5, 6) OF MUSIC

When Is Youth?

(Concluded from page 474)

this over in your minds; its truth

will come to you. Then guide your

actions by it.

For a full century it has been our declared Church belief "That no government can exist in peace, except such laws are framed and held inviolate as will secure to each individual the free exercise of conscience, the right and control of property, and the protection of life."

The movement of the world today against these is not inspired from above.

And in this relation, let me urge you to consider this: It is one

thing for an individual to fail to live a standard, and quite another for him to change his standard of life, even though he does the same wrong each time. Society has survived

arson, pillage, robbery, and murder, however widespread they were, in fact, when they were under the ban of social order and of the mass conscience; we shall not continue as a

social organism when these crimes shall the standard by which become ACROSS is guided, what no matter the mass 1 Eggs Rustic pipe 32 pretended motive orthe avowed a... Miriam had she sang her when 33 Babylonian deity (var.) for the standard, andneed no matter 4 Ex. song of triumph 15: 20 Since 35

how circumscribed the occasion for 11 Metal 37 String of a harp doing the crimes is made. Because 12 Part of a shaft 38 Pronoun

in the one case, the standard is 13 Typical sand snakes 39 Put off righteous, with some man falling 1415 MusicalBefore Christinstrument Dan. 3: 10 4344 NoteGrain in music

away therefrom; the other standard 18 An altar Josh. 22: 34 45 Religion

is unrighteous, with all men paying 20 Exclamation 46 A religion of Tibet; good

their homage thereto. It is in this 21 Lyrical pieces to be sung to a musical 48 Antelope

last direction that the world now 25 Tibetaninstrumentmonk 4950 DressOld notegoodsin musicplunges. We must count upon you 27 Romans is one 55 "his strange..."Isa. 28: 21

to save it, that human liberty and 28 "those that walk in pride he is able 56 Measure of music freedom of conscience shall be to..."Dan. 4: 37 58 "David took an..., and played with

saved, that the Lord's work may 2930 Nothing"and with songs, with..., and with 59 Bornhis hand"1 Sam. 16: 23

continue on earth so that men's souls harp"Gen. 31: 27 60 "With trumpets and sound of...

may be saved. 31 Mark was one make a joyful noise"Ps. 98: 6

How glorious the principles of DOWN our great Declaration of Independ- 1 Part of the Bible 24 Surfeit ence: 2 "chant to the sound of the..., and 26 Note in music

to invent themselves instruments of Instrument 31 in used connection with idol selfevident: truths to these hold be We like musick, David"worship 3: Dan. 5

all that equal; are createdthat they men."Article 3 blast.. "long the with 33 ram's

certain theirare Creator with endowed."by.. "lift 4 thy like voice up a Feminine 34 proper name

rights, these are thatinalienable among.".. 5 "worketh no 13: 10 Rom. 35 Melody

life, liberty, pursuit happiness. the of and Variety 6 coffee of saint Female 36

rights, to these secure governmentsThat "they his 7 words"24: 8 Luke... rejoice. "and 40 at.."the the of sound

their instituted derivingare men, among 8 Before 21: 12 Job

of the thejust govconsent from powers."Stringed instrument 9.. "as 41 tottering a Ps. 62: 3

erned. all "father 10 of such as the handle harp 42 Another instrument in idol used worGod grant that you may enthrone 12 Allegedand organ"force Gen. 4: 21 47 Auditoryship Dan. 3: 5

these principles in your minds and 16 "... to the sound of the viol"50 Weight of India

your hearts; that for you they will 17 "sing unto him with the... and an 51 Article

strings"instrument ten of 52 buy, "come ye, and offer altars whichbe upon you will "... not, 19 nor be dismayed"firstborn Judah's 53 Gen... 38:."7 sacrifice the utmost neededwhen 22 Mineral spring 54 North Polar Distance

their preservation may need. 23 Gibbon of the Malay Peninsula 57 Volume

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1937

LOG OF A EUROPEAN TOUR

{Concluded from page 483) many changes of clothing; nevertheclothes to all of our meals to have

less, they have taken it in a philoto spend so much time changing our sophical manner and it hasn't interclothes.

fered with their pleasure to any One of the delights of an ocean extent. One of the ladies said she voyage is to lie in a deck chair covturned the back of her waist to the ered with a steamer rug and look out

front for her dinner gown, and then over the water. It is ever changing

she was in full dress. in color, taking on every hue of gray

Sunday, June 20. and blue. The clouds and sky seem

to be within a short distance. The

A nother wonderful day. One of sky looks so clear it reminds one of

the crew said that he had never the Tabernacle dome.

seen such a calm sea during the nine years he has been sailing on this Tuesday, June 22, 1937.

steamer. r\N awakening this morning we

DR. JOHN A. WIDTSOE We welcomed the Sabbath day. were happy to find the sea as

We had a Church service in the calm as yesterday. An acquaintance

first cabin dining room at 3 p. m. we have made on the ship is making

Brother Hugh B. Brown was introhis twentyfirst trip and he says

inin turnduced he by father, and voyage years once he ago made the

I father,troduced rather Dr. Widtsoe Given just to spoke weather. a such who and had

very attentive audience of about 150 pressed him to say this was the very persons for nearly an hour. Sister best one, but he said they had a little Recognition by

Vida Fox Clawson has on board more sunshine on the other one.

ifa Still this for group say of Utah people he would was best whom ChemurgicCounci a tour. is conductingshe bepassengers, the include of he might Most

them were present and nearly all cause he had enjoyed this much more are members of our Church. These because of congenial companions. [\r. John A. Widtsoe, of the

of the of the Council Twelve unit for singingpeople the the were ship regular has schedule The of LatterChrist of Jesusservice. In the evening Mrs. Clawis a Church there carried but today been on

editors of the Saints, one and day in the dining gatheredson's group little excitefeeling unrest of and been Era, has the Improvement in engaged androom community landing of our are getting ment. We first perthe appointed a member ofsinging, father others and giving permits, our checking baggage,

special numbers. changing our money into French and manent Board of Governors for the

Each night for five nights watches English coins, posting last minute National Farm Chemurgic Council, are turned forward sixty minutes. letters and cards, wandering from Inc. Dr. Widtsoe is one of seven

of governors board appointed on the of the from the lowest, to young Utah the topmost deckOne women is since for agriculture, a recoghe not sincehas of seagulls her the flocks changed watch which she watching left home. Today our watches are have followed the ship all day, cirnized international authority in the

6:30 p. m., hers is 10:30 a. m. cling and dipping so gracefully. fields of agriculture and irrigation.

associated with other He will be were There relieved quite were when We nationally such farm leaders, known terday. unofficially that to usword came Wea werefew gullsseveralwithhundredus yeswe

did not have to put on our best miles from land at that time. They as: Arnold Yerkes, President of the

clothes for dinner tonight. It beseem to know by instinct when a American Society of Agricultural

comes quite irksome to those of us ship is nearing port. Engineers; D. Howard Doane,

-who are used to wearing the same Father has met some rather inpresident of the American Society fluential Canadians and they have of Farm Managers.

interested in talking to him been representing the group Among Solution to July Puzzle about the "Mormons."

science, Dr. with Widtsoe whom

sixthirty at land tomorrow We closely will in associated also be

S. Q A S P R S E R H P B been has morning. voyage The -< his the 1:: Chemurgic on Farm work R.H L E Gr/A L V exfondest than pleasant our more

1: T A scien- A outstanding are such L o Board, B I 6 A * officers All the pectations. and

1 H Si E rs L c\s E D D tists as A. Millikan, Robert Dr. Noto 1 (RR spoken have stewards we whom I- 1 $ E O C N M Alls P. prize Francis bel winner; Garvan, it said unusually calm an have was.El E R A R A o 1 P W T||rR T of the president Chemical Foundatrip.

1 c N jBs S F L E |F president also tion and of the Counthere > as reluctance land with T T tt R We cil. inrepresenting In the group '8 P fascinating about very something U P A FB e1 EM TE RH LE EL is

'A E 5 1 R S R TllA S S A Y the ship and its service. dustry are such notables as: Fred

S S u L T C O N T the Sargent, President of Chi- % W. Brother with Father goes Lyman s R, A A A A T L T T G M Railroad; Northwestern cago and I will to Mrs. with go Paris and N E D, o U H A E N $ 8 President E. Robert of and Wood, for a excursion month, Clawson's A s L O V A A P T s T R the Sears Roebuck in for the time to England N H returning E E B L E T E T w B ft N. to celebration. C. /. Company.—M.

ChuhdfLWidsL (phoboA. 1. Queen and Attendants of Annual Gold and Green

Ball held in Masonic Temple, Great Falls, Montana, Branch of the Northwestern States Mission.

2. Queen of Gold and Green Ball held in Douglas,

Arizona. 3. Beazer Ward M Men Basketball Team.

4. King and Queen of Glendale Ward Coronation Ball.

5. Elders assembled at the annual conference,

Queensland District, Australia. Mormon Elders

from all over the semitropical State of Queensland, Australia, came from out of the sugar cane and pineapple growing lands, where they had been laboring, to Brisbanej. the capital city of

Queensland. The occasion, presided over by

President Thomas D. Rees, was one of the largest

and most successful conferences ever held in this

District. Action began Thursday, April 1st, with

the finals of the M. I. A. activities occupying two

days. The conference adjourned the following

Sunday night.

The missionaries in the accompanying photograph were present at the conference: Front,

left to right: John Allen; John Fridal; Elmer

S. Evans, incoming district president; Dwight C.

Jensen, outgoing district president (released)

Lamar Christopherson.

Back, left to right: James H. Walker; Dean

W. Atwood; Joseph W. McEwan, Mission Secretary (released); Doldo V. Dutson; John Thomas

William II. (President and Sister Rees were

absent when this picture was taken.)

6. Nevada Stake M. I. A. Gold and Green Ball held

in Nevada Stake Hall, Ely, Nevada.

7. Participants in Gold and Green Waltz and Fox

Trot demonstration of Pittsburgh Branch of the

Eastern States Mission.

8. First M. I. A. Banquet held by Duluth, Minnesota. Guest of Honor was President Wilford

W. Richards.

9. Queen and Attendants of first Gold and Green

Ball held in Winnipeg Branch of North Central

States Mission.

LONDON (Conclusion) Through an error the concluding para'graphs o/ Joseph J. Cannon's article, "London", in the July issue of the "Era"were

omitted and it is here concluded.

I watched the people as they passed. The English are a people

who accept things as they are.

I passed on, musing on the accomplishments of these Londoners:

advanced hospitalization; slum

clearance; government building of

homes; public ownership of telephone, telegraph, and power service;

unemployment insurance; growth

in public education. These are indications that this great city of eight

million and the country it represents are not static, not frozen, but like a slow river under the ice, they are moving forward.

BE INDEPENDENT No Other Vocation So Profitable!

ENROLL NOW For a Complete Course at the

Quish School of Beauty Culture

The Best in the West 804-9 Ezra Thompson Bide.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH For Further Information and Catalog Gall Wasatch 7660 or Fill in This Coupon

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1937

THE OUTLAW OF NAVAJO MOUNTAIN {Continued from page 479) sank from sight and lay low in a harmless neutral and made no gun and the bullets fell harmlessly suspense. Over this game of waiting further haste, even though he rode short.

the light of day spread, disclosing on towards them. The men of the posse looked

what was not clear before the sun He was still too distant for a sure through their binoculars to see who rose above the cliff. shot when they approached the bank had played the whiteflag treason

of the they diswash where against them, would Posey. they and saw of part the main posse The had sight. appear from to in the Dropping stooped confrom them was He idea of theirno of had become what ground the fired target, brush among tempt he as a and was mock into thatcompanions forced of cove first at at then one the other. toand his patting seat the of breeches

cliffthe Cottonwood. beyond They sight sank in from the They over exultation wild them wards banktook of the other prisoners Havane and and his returned someone his bullets struck had fire from insult. One of hallto a little in over the store coop near town, but lowpower it was a {Continued 520) on pageBluff, but they could guess only

where and how far the other Indians had scattered.

Poke with his wide hat had been seen to disappear in a sandwash among the greasewoods, and he was tosupposed be peering out from its The Heat Ishelter for to Never Mind one at some whom shoot. Joe Aikin, one of the men

of the posse, lay flat on the ground Your engine will be with but one eye visible above the hill over which he was looking for better protected with the old bear to peep from his sandwash. James Decker, a Bluff man, this heatresisting

stood full length on the hill trying to show Aikin where to shoot. The motor oil.

dead Haskel still dominated Poke as he lay there under cover and instead of shooting at Decker, an easy mark, he sent a bullet into Aikin's head above that visible eye.

Somebody reported the fight to

Posey in his camp at Sand Island:

Two Indians had been killed—Poke

had got one white man and gained a commanding position on the cliffs.

Puneeh grabbed his gun and straddled his pony. Poke had added to

his glory still another man—how Vico has a record of withdiscouraging to be so much outdone! In Posey's whole life so far standing heat that's unexhe had made but a squaw's record celled by any other oil on

never one white man to his credit in all their glorious wars. the market. Use Vico

He raced through the greaseand let your motor forget woods towards Bluff. He saw two the heat. You'll save rehorsemen, he heard shooting, everything seemed to be in commotion. pair bills... and you'll

chance did he have to makeWhat flat? save on oil purchases, too. that shot from opena good

He had his long gun, but even then for tough - bodied Vico someone might get him from under cover before he got a chance. lasts longer.

A he two horsemen roderapidly towards town, apparently Change to Vico now they saw him and resolved to keep out of range. He broke off a long

stalk from a greasewood and tied STATIONS EVERYWHERE in Utah and Idaho on the end of it a white rag from in his saddlepockets. When he held

this aloft the two men took him for

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1937

THE OUTLAW OF NAVAJO MOUNTAIN

(Continued from page 519)

Jose Cordova, passing between the Agent from the lite Reservation in Colorado agent to fight it out alone, heart and the backbone, and inflictColorado arrived and ordered the but a telegram came from Washinging a wound which was at once prowhole procedure to stop, as if it ton, D. C., ordering everything to

nounced fatal, but from which Corhadn't already come to a standstill, halt. The agent had lost his coveted

dova recovered after a long painful and he announced that no one but supremacy, and the officer had fared illness. himself had the right to exercise no better, for General Hugh L. Scott

From this gallant act of devotion jurisdiction over the PahUtes. The was on his way from the nation's

to Lord Poke, Posey got around on delay from this ridiculous disagreecapital to supersede both of them.

the cliff to the telephone wire; he ment was taken by the men on the More delay, delay which the Inknew just what to do, and he cut cliffs to mean they had the posse dians interpreted in their own terms

Bluff off from all communication pretty well hoodooed. to their own glory. That new army

with the outside. The town was of untold numbers, which had apalone and in a state of siege. JYLeanwhile, on the outproached like an avalanche, apparPoke and his people with their side, with the wire dead, and no ently got cold feet, and there was

longrange guns held to their vanmessengers coming from the southno need of the PahUtes'going tage positions on top the cliffs overern town, Monticello and Blanding further towards Navajo Mountain.

looking the little town. The officers became alarmed. They raised a So they stopped on Douglas Mesa

and men moving cautiously beneath force of fifty horsemen and sent waiting to see if the trouble had all them with ordinary rifles, could do them down the road through the blown over in a short time as in the nothing. It was not only impossible darkness of a frosty night. The clatpast, leaving them free again to live

to telephone, but they knew no mester of all those hoofs on the hard their iives in their own way.

senger could get out over the road road could in be heard the stillness that reached them then word Andthrough narrow to Canyon Cow for miles. Poke's snipers in their captains chiefest nation's the of one

theirreport predicament. move Any victoryseats detected roar all the as the from coming Washway wasto capture the Indians unthinkwas this cavalcade approached, for to and them see ington them—comingable; the all Indians had capbut without of any knowing way great whethproblem the of only because

tured them. er it was a hundred or a thousand they presented. But he was not

the of posse guarded The men men coming, they best to thought to had with coming fight them—he the other in prisonersHavane and get themselves of away into some and no men. He weapons him no

that little hall over the store, and their defenses till they could see was coming to entreat them. This

when Havane made a gesture as if who was after them. news inspired nothing of fear, and

to jump from one of the windows, They expected of course to be nothing to upset their opinion of they shot him through the bowels followed, and that would have been themselves as invincibles.

died. heand thing as such No delightful. live could they Then likeable general, the and When this foolishkeeping secret, act a and in again the glory of Soldier Crosstheir to diplomatic, near approachedit all situation the vexed the more. ing the united be and they power his retreat, persuato yielded they seated PahUtes, safely there The thirty before. been years had O, surrendered. sions was and What top of theon their world big with uninteresting these white how men to there assured fear? general Theartillery, little lacked full of having one followed they them though trial, fair a they have them would—nocontrol of the men had who come It waited. watched the and was to they understood and mean, whichagainst them, they and watched dull for same they which enemy had that themselves, so expressed no foreagerly a to chance complete looked the after from rims Elk the in befall out going them would harmtheir supremacy. at big Springs. day PahUte court. the to white man's barely for posse cared had The

its dead and its wounded and begun That new army did make bold, to scratch its head for an idea to after all the Indians had got out Jl oke was wanted for reprosecute the war when the Indian of sight, to burn the substantial sisting arrest and killing an officer, wickiups in which Poke's people had and Posey was wanted for the treaiiii h i m—h—if ii n in—h i nn—n—lit spent the winter. They did, genersonous use of the white flag and

ously, spare one hardearned hut in his allbut-successful attempt to kill which they found a squaw, old and another officer. Tsene-gat, who I

blind, had deserted been who kept himself out of behad harm's reach cause she could follow not her peofight, during the a wanted on was | PESERET MORTUARY! ple in their flight. of charge robbery. murder Beand

Service Above Al The Indians regarded that burnsides taking these three, the general i ing as a yellow confession of weakdecided to take Jess Posey along on

I ness on the part of the posse. At general principles, or because as

all events it was no act of bravery. Posey's son he might be guilty. All

To them it appeared that Uncle Sam the rest of the tribe were relieved was simply unable to cope with the from further obligation in the matter problem which they presented. and advised to go back to their

All the same that force of fifty homes, if they had any.

men arrived in Bluff rearing to go, Jess Posey was delighted with the and they would have gone without prospect of this wonderful excurdelay, leaving the Utah officer and sion, he was eager to see the strange

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1937

THE OUTLAW OF NAVAJO MOUNTAIN

outside world, and feeling he went latter is statement not passed as an fifty with them years learned and certain he suffer would harm, no it let exaggeration, stated be clearly, like them a to book, the handle felt and he equally certain the other Poke's boy fed was and to indulged situation in themselves final the three would come back in safety. in death for Denver, survived he fight, to and the do handling before

So the two men, each accompanied their inordinate hospitality but a the outside could interfere.

by his son, went with the big genshort time after returning home. Before this passing of angle the eral to trial stand in Uncle Sam's Popular report said the war was it story should be in observed that court. particularly One delightful It over. not. was real trouble, The 1915 and always since that time, a phase of affair, the from Posey's patched with up wretched misundersentiment of sincere respect adand point of view, it that was alstandings, had to fire was hang about miration has prevailed in the minds ready brought into him the old eight years, then and necessity was of the white population of San Juan bear's august for company to force fight two a finish. to a People for General L. Scott. has Hugh He weeks or more, they and would outside be of San Juan had idea of no been given of praise many words together indefinitely; he would conditions, be actual and benot would no blame. But he miswas regarded as the old bear's lieve equal. if them they told. were exceptional generandunderstood—his That grand excursion to out the that For matter, the outside osity knew not was appreciated Posey, by whiteman's court the was nothing supreme about the It PahUtes. rethough it might be unfair to say as

thrill in the lives of the four mained for Pahthe people lived who had for much Poke.

Utes. The one of them yet alive

is still talking about it. A hundred (To be Continued)

thousand people stretched their necks to see them—they enjoyed

fame instead of suffering unpleasant notoriety. Their pictures appeared WHEN WATER CAME TO HURRICANE under flaming headlines the front on

page of the big dailies, and people (Continued from page 495) made a great fuss over them wherever they went. They had abundMoney had to be raised to meet ever could be salvaged for them.

ance of good things to eat, better the requirements of the desert land beds than they had ever known beact, and to pay for surveys, legal Five hundred dollars paid to the government the desert under land fore, a and procedure, chance to see and enjoy powder materials and act it was returned because was their what of none people ever had but no money available was for found impossible to get the water on seen or labor, all in of their dreamed hisstill these and to men had the land within specified the four tory. their earn living their and keep famyears'time, even the though to land ilies. But the In feature important of most they summer planted and be filed watered not until was on trip the all that harvested they was back came and herded. In winter after years two began. work Atsafe they and sound. thing dug one hapcanal. the Not on the of Most torney S. office and land fees U. to to disturb their pened of assurance work was done between November the extent of lost $200.00 were by trial peaceful return. took a and March. The Transients to were put delays. Faulty surveys brought little for time the more for their murder, but work board.

losses. Frosts destroyed crops onTsene-gat just that had more much

Wives stayed home, milked cows, the river settlements and many were of a holiday than the other three.

This happy extension of his outing fed the stock, carried the water, did forced to seek elsewhere for employgave him more time to gormandize the chores, packed the "grub"boxes ment that would bring a cash return and raised the families, while husto provide for their families. Diffion rich food, to see picture shows,

bands and sons dug on the canal. culty mounted upon difficulty. But to go carriding and to be feted and

pampered and petted nearly to The river settlements were mostly the strong and the faithful still perdeath. He claimed to have refused on the north side of the river. The sisted.

offers of marriage from three white canal work was on the south. There

women in Denver, and in the days were no bridges over this part of the piNAi.LY, early in 1902, after nine

of his trial there he was the most turbulent Virgin in those days, and years of labor without help, these popular man in the city. fording back and forth was hazardfighting, determined, resourceful

ous seasons, in many in impossible virtually to standstill men a came the But court at all found nothing some. frequently Men were matheir with wall. to the backs Thirtyagainst sent him and him home to rooned from their families, while dollars thousand two intohis had gone people with a most damaging

children, living and women in a all the canal, almost of whichidea was of the dignity of Uncle Sam's rough country, and open got along labor. represented less diffiby its its abilitygovernment, The deand as best could. they cult stations, and hazardous muchpendability to justice. administer

The misleading reports already There were heartaches; there and arduous work had been comgiven to the PahUtes by Poke and were disappointments; there were pleted, but powder and other spePosey about the effeminate laws and sacrifice and dropping by the waycialized supplies and equipment were

the effeminate multitude, were more side. Many who started in this enneeded to blast tunnels and complete

than confirmed by what Tsene-gat terprise of community labor, lost other difficult work. Great personal

had to tell when he got back from faith, weakened, and quit, forfeiting sacrifices had been made. Some adDenver pampered and glutted nearly their labor credits and partly mitted failure. Others clung on

to death. To make sure that this redeemed stock holdings for what- (Concluded on page 522)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1937

in tithing the $5,000 its organization. WHEN WATER CAME TO HURRICANE approximatelysecond year of

(Concluded from page 521) Because so much of it was labor with the spirit that has built the arid residents of Washington County it is difficult to state the exact cost

West, but little progress was being celebrated and offered prayers of of the Hurricane Canal, but estiit near $60,000, ofmade. The nine tunnels—sixtytwo thanksgiving. mates place

rods in aggregate length, had been which more than $50,000 is reprethe battle was not But labor. cooperative yet won. sented And byleft to the last and must now be chaparral, greasewood, were There purchased it waters, the land whichdone.

clear to slippery burr, elm cockle and sold has an acre, mostly for $1.25 PresIn this Jepson, crisis James gates flood land. off the were There as high to as variously from $50.00ident of Hurricane Canal Company,

build. were to ditches There and of acre. Although much an $300.00 the to sent to Salt City Lakewas construct to a gates and head dam high and construction canal the wasFirst the with of Presidency Church Virgin the the canal met where in killed a not hazardous, was man of kind to any commissiona make erratic times the three River, and its making. becould. appearedbargain he He of logs rock tore the out Virgin and and worked women who Smith, F. The notfore President Joseph leaks and the were dam. There the prayed, who men waited and for for contribution,to a nor ask for canal, in need the and breaks of them toiled and in acharity, for support nor Church believed—many vigilance. were constant There in to enjoy Hurricane today for busito asknew—live venture—but do, bridges planting to plowing and their and of dreaming the rewards in participation projectnesslike a

construct; to make; to homes too, are children, schools working. Theirthat a of and community men women to build, churches and communthere. their and nine of given nearly yearshad

life to establish. ity and government the as up one rides to,lives threeAnd today than had and more

fifths completed. It was March, 1906, before famridge east of Hurricane to look over

To President Smith said James ilies began to settle the town. Ten the last red sentinels of Virgin River

Jepson: "We're going to finish the families moved in that first year Canyon and Zion National Park,

job whether you help us or not; but T. M. Hinton, L. J. Workman, beautiful but bleak and unyielding

if you don't help us, when it's done Erastus Lee, Frank Ashton, Amos desert country seems everywhere to it won't belong to the people it Workman, Nephi Workman, Berbe present except within a garden should belong to. Our present lands nard Hinton, Charles Workman, spot of two thousand acres sharply

cannot support more people. Our Thomas Isom, and Ira E. Bradshaw and definitely taken from the grip of

determined and desert blight by the settlers wait, shacks, can't in tents, they lived andyoung our—and sacrifice and of noble meninterest lenders the could be willing or whatever money will go to and dugouts,

unless we get help."most readily shaped into crude women, united in a common cause

That was reason enough for shelter. Others followed. Permafor the common good.

Church aid, and it was not withheld. nent homes, and community buildBright of countenance, sure of

These men and women had shown ings (largely fashioned from native memory, steady of stature, today their independence and their willingmaterials and built as cooperative stands Hurricane Canal Company's ness to work. Furthermore they had projects), church and civic organifirst President, James Jepson, in his

done all they could do for themzations, municipal and utility sereighty-third year.

selves before seeking outside assistvices all came in due time, until to- "And how did your people do this ance. As a result of this conference, day this semitropical garden city, thing?"a bystander asked him.

on February 1, 1902, the Church fifty miles from the nearest railroad The answer was memorable:

subscribed for $5,000 worth of connection, offers a generous and "You remember how Brigham stock. wholesome living to its thousand Young called a group of people to

country, settle Dixie and Utah's indirectly supports residents, and of support the Church news With half of only responded. them choice of Carloads more. many hastened andJames home Jepson "Yes."their to find peaches Hurricane way rejoicing. received with Takingwas half of the how, remember "You of cuttings profitable markets. Five stalheart, River the Virginnew half only came, about of them who tiller of the prosper each year hay the forward.warts pushed work stayed?"soil, plentitude greater the even and purchased suppliesNecessary were;;Yes."finding is are to those coming who final for the work, heavy workand the and "Well, who men women land secret valuable of devoting the ers cent per twentyfive paid were built this descendants canal the were grapes, as to crops high such pay in seventyfive centcash per and of stayed!"those who figs, pecans, walnuts, almonds, and until credit stock undertaking the the you when do do what "And all in this flourish kind of which completed. onto flowedwas Water canal breaks?"climate.

the sunbaked lands of Hurricane;;We fix it."

Bench in August, 1904, while the A Church investment in the hands "And what if you couldn't fix it?"

of such men and women was safe "We can fix it!"

and profitable. The six twentyacre And we were led to think with

city fields six Hurricane lots respect gratitude in our hearts: and the and OFFER...

purinvestment that the of unfor a generation Church WEA COMPLETE "Thank God

ENGRAVING SERVICE chased sold shortly after for $6,600, softened men and women who ask

From missionary portraits to the largest less assessments, giving the Church no favor but to work out their own catalogues.

Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention. a profit of nearly sixteen hundred temporal and spiritual salvation

CO. ENGRAVING UTAH dollars on its money—in addition to with a rare admixture of independSt. Salt Lake City, Utah 120 Regent which the new Hurricane ward paid ence and cooperation."

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1937

WHEN DUTY WHISPERS LOW ( Continued from page 475 be my duty to run around with Aline took careful aim, "Letter?"he then

just Webster account on your crazy blankly. letter?"that "Oh, The Advertisers, said

I girl? the about had you am sorry letter! "Yes, long?"How

to lose your apendix but maybe now and Where You Will Find Bill fumbled in his pocket and you are used to losing things it won't Their Messages brought forth a dirty, dogeared be so hard to lose Aline. I missive. ain't "Well, got to down

Beneficial Ins. Life Co Back Cover hardboiled friend, "Your Office the Post yet, hardly,"he University..498, Brigham Young 499 Carter.""C. apologized, as going as soon "I was Continental Oil 527 Company

Still scowling, he marched into the DeseretCrane CoMortuary 520512 thisSaved!game Cuthbertwas over."thankfully grabhouse and ransacked his mother's Deseret News Press 526 bed the letter and tore it into fragfor desk envelope stamp. and ReGrant, Heber J. & Co 524 ments before the astonished of eyes

to turning the street, espied he Station Radio a KSL his fellow Bill and speedidlers. But

barefoot urchin idling along the Inside Back Cover ing homeward, his elation suffered sidewalk. hailed Cuthbert him, "Hi, Landes Tractor Co...514 Equipment & deflation. a sudden Saved, yes

L. S. if Kid! D. Business nickel College you'll Give a 468 you take at but sacrifice to a himself! what Levi Strauss 468 & Co this I the to Office! Post gotta work gathered his cleaned up and He Fuel Mountain Supply 467 car, see!"on my scattered paint brushes, retrieved he of Quish School Culture..518 Beauty His lessened gloom as somewhat his paint set buckets to work, and Shell Oil Company...he decked Godiva's Lady frame aged

it, his in but heart his spirits not was Inside Front Cover in the bright colors. spring Poor were Standard with the ordeal heavy Brands, before Inc 525

it old let Tubby, to a shame him was him. Doggedly slapped of University he vivid on Utah 465

all, after feller down, but a to had Refining Oil Utah 519 green, alternating Co stripes with zebra live his own life. He couldn't go Utah State Agricultural College....470 of yellow, but no smile lightened his Utah Light Power playing 523 6 around forever. Cupid features, isunmusical whistle no Utah Engraving Co 522 in Anyway, could what see lips. his sued from Hotel Wishon.512 Co big fatty a as Tublike Aline—well,Tubby it's isn't going to be bright, "My, said, by always to decide a guy had

those things for himself. it?"Cuthbert squinted toward the

dainty Helen imand Ward, later, his or hour so mother, he the An shoved on brakes and Lady voice. maculate, his stood surveying handihurrying neighbor's, a from home stopped Godiva with a protesting

It ain't for work. anybody human spoke startled suddenly into squeal. him and freckled His messenger to clean time, all the be that thought sprinkling both her himself with squatted and a of among crowd cronies resentfully. Cuthbert, Viciously, a of paint. spray in yellow the "Cuthof street, middle the leisurely slapped he of a brushful on green bert, is did that you Harold know to preparing shoot a marble. "Hi paint. disof a squeal Helen gave not well? doing so Mrs. Meredith Bill! there, long post ago you How look! Cuthbert, may, "Oh, Look that Mrs. phoned Bromley he had that letter?"shouted Cuthbert above at dress!"my too bounced around written much, car's the asthmatic Bill wheezing. "Sorry!"muttered Cuthbert, letter, a or something—

"Good Friday, Mother, I gotta squinted along his grubby fist and (Continued on page 524) go!"Cuthbert jumped into the

partly painted car, scattering paint and brushes as he did so. "I gotta

catch that kid!""Poor old Tubby!"

he was thinking, as he frantically started the engine, "Maybe I've refused his dying request! Writing >NL 6that letter was what made him Your

worse! Hurry, hurry, old lady,

don't let me miss that kid!"Down the street dashed Lady ChildrenGodiva, an half clad aged steed, in There is refinement raiment,gorgeous Cuthbert, wildand modernity in an f * "i, S, ** i\eyed and reckless, urging her to

greater speed. "Good Friday, what AllElectric home whereif he gets that letter and dies of

disappointment!"he muttered, deftly LOW COST ELECTRIC SERVICEmissing a startled pedestrian by a

hair's breadth. 'Course it'd turn Plays the radio.

out this way! Conscience has to get cooks food, gives light and does other home tasks.

the best of me every time I try to ELECTRICITY IS THE BIGGEST BARGAIN please myself for once! Gives me IN THE HOME—USE ITmore trouble than all the rest of my

insides together!"put

a suddenness that almost UTAH POWER 8 LIGHT CO. With

drove him through the windshield,

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1937

WHEN DUTY WHISPERS LOW (Continued [com page 523)

flushing. "Honest, I am, Helen. had had since babyhood. "Tubby 's with Lady Godiva also Aline. Boy.

in icecream is she a beaut now she's painted.Guess I wasn't thinking—or thinkwelcome to keep her

ing too much!''and candy and hot dogs for all me, "C.C.

"Oh, that's all right! I think it I ain't no Rockyfeller!""P. S. Again. I mean Lady G."

will come out!"Helen said quickly, At the end of the third week he

"Did you—are you going to the wrote desperately to Tubby: 1 HAT evening Cuthbert night?"Ball Friday A.M.I. escorted to at Aline duly a party

I I is, yes. guess "No. Tubby: "Dear for home, Wright's the BeeMary

if go.gotta you know ThatWonder—do to take Girls partners. going Hive you Tubby, and was "Well He not?"orAline's with going Rudy,

off, life getting over rest of your the amazed Helen demure when Ward, at looked Helen "No. Why?"I in in little like appendix? blue thing organdy, an followed a came

curiously. got up, Cuthberthim

paint brushabsently wiping his on lookedit isn't moreit up thanin thea fewPhysiologyinches long.and byFriday!"Rudy heGraham.thought, "Well,with disgust,Good

trousers. longsufferinghis off I "I leg cut thought sense! and of could Helen had more had my

"I'll as the along as far walk this. if that's course, quicker than Well she adbeen what Of home

to I gotta you? with phonehouse

I liked mires, as to you always it's nothing but have me, Tubby, Good

IAline, guess."

if I to Aline sport friend, Friday!"rehave but But while even a he Why—what—'much longer I will be so broke there flected it was none of his affair, it

"I'm 'fraid I've put it off too long. won't be no use trying to put the unaccountably depressed him to see

I gotta take Aline to that dance!"pieces together again! Boy, can that Helen in the company of the un-

"Oh!"said Helen, faintly. girl eat. And she uses it all up in couth Rudy; and this, coupled with

energy to play and dance so she can the fact that he had been short on eat some more so she can play and sleep for the past three weeks,, 1 he M. I. A. dance was dance some more so she can eat caused a marked lack of interest in

the beginning.merely you the can she so provided. more lively games Aline was some Mary had play—oh,

girla lively and loved excitement. I it! finish a nice girl, but She's Presently quietly he slipped out to

She "adored"dancing, she was guess she ain't my type. I have the garden, planning to walk around

"crazy"about boating, she was a sure stretched the truth telling her a bit and wake himself up, but as "tennis shark"and "nuts about ball what a grand guy you are, but you he still stood in the shadow by the games."Cuthbert found himself are taking the chance of her falling door, a voice from beyond the rose

launched into a giddy whirl of for me account of being in my comhedge arrested his steps. He inpleasure that made a jaded rake of pany practically constant day and stantly recognized Aline's familiar

him in a week, viewing his breaknight, at your own risk. And it voice and her words held him spellfast with a jaundiced eye, dropping won't make any difference with bound. "Well, I haven't got the

asleep in Sunday School with his what you owe me in acshul cash heart to shake him! He's simply

mouth unbecomingly open. Like a spent. Jim Brady said he would take crazy about me! Why, he pracstriped demon Lady Godiva dashed Lady Godiva in part payment for tically spends every waking hour

about the countryside, a menace to gas only she would start a riot in with me! The folks pretend to faint

the life and peace of mind of man his garage. Well, Tubby, I only when they hear him coming, and you

and beast. Daily the gasoline bill hope I can forget you have recked can hear him a mile! Why, honest,

mounted up on Jim Brady's books. my vacation and get back my old Rudy, sometimes when I see that

this, of always AlineBut in spite feeling striped of friendship for you when monster horrid old—old that they back weremanaged stopping if ever. is over, in this at our gate, I could simply

ball for the tennis, thetime game I it's just Oh, know awful friend, scream! true "As ever your

all the dance, ofor worst was and to of talk this me the about way Carter.""C.

appetite! she's I don'ther wonder poor he's tried boy to when be so

a fatty, thought Cuthbert, viciously "P. S. Let me know when you nice to me, but when you come to

breaking the little iron pig bank he are coming and I will meet the train think of it, he sure isn't a very true friend to Tubby! He brags about

him all the time, but poor old Tubby

I washe steppedhardly ininandthe triedhospitalto takebeforemeThere are many who suffer loss away from him. He knew Tubby and I were—Be prudent "Oh, forget it!"Rudy's deep

Avert it by voicemonologue,cut in on"Youthe seeminglydon't careendlessanything about either of them! Why INSURANCE

not step out with a real guy for a

This organization writes insurance always of the highest quality. change?"

UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO. miliarAt thegiggle,soundCuthbertof Aline'srousedtoofrontfaHEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City, Utah his trance and slipped quietly back into the house. How gay it looked!

He was never so glad to see his dear

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1937

he descended the stairs in three, WHEN DUTY WHISPERS LOW welltimed leaps. Delighted, old his before! great looks crowd young, and you He felt a know I am not mother stood over the stove and friendliness like kid a kiddish warmth and toward you, Coppy, but cooked stack after stack of golden everyone, even Rudy—especially am old for my years. I only hope brown pancakes, urging more gold

live Rudy! unwitting His to eavesdropping of to be worthy such a wonin the form of butter and syrup upon lifted his girl. spirits a load that had derful from does not She know how her It beaming son. to was so good

I I feel even the yet, tell he not will had all weight but known in her see really Cuthbert eat again!

it until of time. gone. was good Well, Coppy, you now last, Replete at he strolled into out

It it is only I the with was home, on with way me, know how you know the sunny garden. his sweet How silent Aline his will at unaccustomedly not hold feelings tryany about mother's roses It smelled! was a side, uneasily ing best If wondering to for hold Aline me. how she has pretty old all. good after world And she that fallen could the break it for news, is as hinted, you, bad you of the best one in guys old

I.disappointof the thought If all right it—good Tubby's not, anyway. hope you Tubby would agai 'soon be home

rts reared head. ment t be too hard about Good Fnwon on me soon, if exVery Cuthbert knew,

day what will Tubby say? All this penses, as I will be saving up for a ing was the on] condition starvunder

perfectly spent college time good and education money to be worthy of which he could /emain at the hosto for and nothing show nurse it! Rudy Maud. ( That is the s name. pjta i

better her first place!"in the a had prettier It is sure a lot than name old if Good Tubby! he Even was finally he had broken ) Well, away Aline. be Coppy, good When to an awful pain in the at times, neck

from Aline's tactful dismissal and yourself. I would of been home beCuthbert realized that he had missed

fore of assurances repeated undying but they don't now, think I'm him dreadfully. suddenly he And friendship I driven well, had he home, doing and of account haven't any that just the knew he felt this way

fully to intended appetite. study lie awake and in This shows how much full morning was for compensation

out some scheme whereby she still love I am when I will deliberately all the ordeal of the past three might be saved for Tubby. But he starve myself so I can stay here weeks, and his faith in his old philhad time for a mere muttered, "Poor where Maud is. But I am afraid any osopTierwas'renewed!

old time I will "before unconsciousness break Tub—eat a down and the street from the Down post him, claimed and in his dreams he square meal its and then goodbye, office came fresh Helen as Ward,

in let I will roared driveways down endless Maud. you know when itse] the morning f 4 Impulsively he

I floated while Aline Lady Godiva, the can and am coming you meet stepped to the hed and hailed her taunting ahead, laughing when he train with Lady G. but do not bring Hi Helen how 'd like to ride

implored her to wait and let him Al ine, as it might hurt her to see home in Lad Godiva? You haven't

take her to Tubby. what she has lost. This experience had a ride in her since she was

'PrePared painted, have I'm you? to going be fortOU a?HiA changed SSPYman. pretty today, busy for making up a of sunshine bright Ihe you're the "Hoping same, lot I lost time, I of but guess can late him, morning and he woke "H. Meredith."if for take a small you spin re you light, sat with the up hapsuddenly

Smiling laid broadly, girl!"Cuthbert a good Helen a gavegave him that this day some way py feeling

the letter, smile. going to startled the and Cuthbert,"she "Oh different, not down though he couldwas

hunted said out his paintsmeared breathlessly, you, really?""Can for the moment, remember why. closet,

corduroys, sweatshirt 'I and sneakers. youth replies, can!'"The "said his eye fell upon a letterThen

propped up on his dresser. His As in the days of his carefree youth Cuthbert, grandly.

mother must have placed it there after the morning mail had arrived.

Springing out of bed he seized it,

Tubby's familiar scrawl was on the envelope. His soaring spirits sank

as he slowly tore it open and began to read: "Dear old Coppy:

"Well, Coppy, prepare for a lettershock. I got your and judging ICE CREAM Aline, feel aboutby you the way

maybe it won't be such a shock atthat. You can jar loose from Aline WITH

any time you want to. I don't wish

her any harm, but if she wants Rudyshe can have him with my blessing. ROYAl PUDDINCS!

Now, Coppy, I know you can't wait to find out what has changed me. I Just prepare Royal Chocolate or Royal Vanilla Pudding in the

. usual.. then way freeze add cream, and whipped and before, told to butought have you VANILLA

it mechanical in your ice in a pail of andit refrigerator—orsugar PUDDING really slipped mind. Well, my

result; the ice pure, that beats wholesome And cream this, tell in salt. but don'tCoppy, I am

love with the prettiest nurse here. any you've ever tasted!

this to Treat family dessert. perfect your today Royal Ruy the gave oneShe is the me who

at Vanilla or grocer's Chocolate Royal your follow... and materialwriting which made me recipe the easy package. on the

is pretty.worse. is sure She She

ten years older than I am, but she

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1937

THE LONELINESS OF ALCES (Concluded from page 487) stopped. Its short thick neck did kind of feeding and legs long jays, nutcrackers, ruffed grouse,

not permit it to reach the tender enough to support it in all but the magpies, chickadees, and rosy grass with its mouth while it was deepest streams, it was an animal finches in full possession of the silent standing on its tall legs, so it acwell adapted to survive the most river and impenetrable forests.

tually knelt down while it nibbled pitiless climate. Nevertheless, man, Rilter seldom saw Alces then, but

sparingly of the verdure below. the arch enemy of all wild life, had more than once he heard the loud

Involuntarily I meditated: I was driven it farther from its ancient roar of the animal as it threw out a

looking at the largest member of haunts until now the early extermichallenge to all moosedom; but no

the deer family of any age; and I nation of the species seemed immibulls roared in reply, no cows anwondered how many thousands of nent. Alces was but a lonely indiswered. Once Rilter saw Alces

years had been required to bring it vidual within the realm of civilized threshing willows and small pines to its present extraordinary develmen, undisturbed by most of them, with his now massive, hard antlers, opment. Equally at home in the but doomed like his progenitors to as if infuriated at the absence of

water and on land, with a muzzle meet eventually some ruthless, selfother moose and determined to fight especially adapted to its particular ish human who would take delight something.

in his destruction. As Christmas drew near, the snow

All afternoon I lingered in the was so deep that Rilter went everyneighborhood, the very presence of where on snowshoes except, of the ancient monarch giving my concourse, when he used the canoe on templative mind deep thoughts conthe river which never froze over.

cerning the wonderful world in He was very lonesome, for the nights which we live. At sunset I could see were long and he was tired of readthe colossal animal standing alone ing and talking to his appreciative

by the willows. I looked at the dogs.

solitary moose and then at the marOne moonlight night, however, he velous beauty of his surroundings, was suddenly waked by the loud as if feeling that the Maker of all barking of his dogs outside. Going

cJo had especially painted this unfreto the window he could see them quented region for Alces and me. running about barking at an animal

Alces stood silent and lonely, as that in the semidarkness looked like

I drifted away down stream, and, as a cow. He was astonished, how-

I turned my head to look back, all ever, when the animal struck at one very that could be seen was the glimmer of the dogs, to discern that it was of the moon on the river path which really a huge grizzly bear, and right was fringed with willows of impenein his back dooryard as well. A

trable darkness. Then the next grizzly in midwinter!—one of those

at times rtae season Rilter told me what happened rare occurrences that upset after I departed: the best of manmade theories and

All the details of apparel, rules of animal conduct!

stationery, etc., in her Dy the end of September Rilter, though aware of his peril,

great adventure are of all the fishermen had disappeared. was nevertheless too calm and courto do. If not to ageous what know Rilter lived the big in one room of the utmost importance.

it shoot, perhaps would he did not that for clubhouse, vacant knowing

Correctness and smartsix months or more he would hear kill his dogs and molest himself; if

ness are our watchwords little if any of the outer world. With he did shoot at it, no one could forethe dire results of merely woundhis sole dogs as companions he tell in Wedding Stationery. two ing a grizzly. each meandered day up and down

See our smart new line the river banks, setting an otter trap The dogs, however, were getting here, a coyote trap there, until fifty dangerously near those deathdeal-

Prices $7.00 traps were all carefully placed. Each ing paws. Not a moment must be

day he inspected them, and as a wasted! Consequently Rilter took

And up for 100 Wedding result he soon had otter, coyote, his rifle, which always lay loaded;

Invitations or Announcemuskrat, weasel, skunk, and fox and holding the door slightly ajar ments. skins stretched drying on the walls took careful aim and fired. Inof the house. Ducks often flew stantly the huge bear jumped a half

down the river on their annual midozen feet into the air and, slapping gration; and usually he could sit in its breast with a paw uttered a

the sun at his door and shoot plenty hideous and long drawn bawl.

for himself and the dogs. Rilter was taking aim for another

The Deseret manentlyLight snowsonly onfell,the remainingpeaks of Sawper- shotanimal,whennippingthe dogsat closedit andin dartingon the telle; but soon more came and the away again so quickly he feared to

whole region was covered with a shoot lest he kill one of his faithful.News Press constantly deepening blanket of companions.

29 Richards St. snow. All of the summer birds had To his great relief Rilter noticed

Salt Lake City drifted southward, leaving the blue that in the turmoil the grizzly was

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1937

Rilter felt that his greatest hope THE LONELINESS OF ALCES of safety lay in the dogs; so by regradually drifting back towards the the midst of direst peril; and as all peated shouts of encouragement he

pines; and soon the snow, dark trees his experience taught him that a prevailed upon them to nip the

and moonlight shadows made the grizzly is the most tenacious of enemoose's heels. The wild monarch

three fighting animals indiscernible. mies he instantly turned and sent charged at them; then returned to

The loud barks of the dogs and the a crashing bullet into the bear'js Rilter's protecting tree. Again and

angry 'woofs'of the bear could be mouth. The big grizzly wilted; and again the animal thrust at him; again

heard distinctly in the still night air; then Rilter jumped to dodge the onand again charged the dogs, each

and Rilter knew that they were movcoming moose. Too late. Its wide time chasing them farther away.

ing towards the dense jack pines up antler caught his coat and ripped Finally the moose thrust at one of stream. It was nearly an hour bethe whole side off, at the same time the dogs so persistently that he drew

fore the dogs could no longer be flipping his gun from his hands. away nearly a dozen yards from Rilheard; and Rilter, though fearful Rilter scampered for a pine not over ter. Then a peculiar thing happened;

that the worried bear would by a ten yards away, but the moose as it looked for a second at Rilter; turnlucky stroke kill one or both of his quickly turned and pursued. By ed, and like a wild stallion dashed

pets, was not so foolhardy as to the merest chance he swung himself through the willows and away.

trail a wounded grizzly by moonbehind the tree as the great moose Rilter saw that the bear was dead, light. He was delighted, however, charged by. Again it returned, and but for several minutes he sat by

when several hours later the two it required all of his dexterity to the tree nearly exhausted at his dogs returned, uninjured but comkeep the tree between himself and strange experience.

pletely fagged. the deathdealing antlers. A glance "Just a misunderstanding, Alces,"

told him that the bear was dying, as he said as he arose to skin the bear.

Ihe next day Rilter folhe could see its hind feet kick back "Next time we meet I hope you will lowed the tracks of the wounded and forth and great bubbles of blood have learned that I mean you nc grizzly, every movement of which issue from its mouth. harm."

seemed to be recorded in the crim- -- soned snow. First the trail went

through impene- I WASH CLOTH MY DUST trable proceeded pines—herea forest ofRilteralmost from page 500) hour day most and the fiveday week as over open (Concluded cautiously—then

flats and finally toward the willowed of taxation that we have brought though work were something to be shores of the river. upon ourselves by laziness, waste, avoided, while others work and worSuddenly one of the dogs began dishonesty, duplication of effort, unry twentyfour hours a day to keep

to whine, and the hair of its back willingness to assume responsibility them from starving. They spend

stood up in evidence of deepest apeven for our own actions. It has their spare time doing things that

prehension. Rilter held his rifle in reduced the percentage of hometear down health, strength, and

readiness and stepped into the owning families in America from character, ignoring the laws that thicket with the greatest of care. 80% to 23%, in this land of unhave been from the beginning, and

it is too late that All at once the other dog could be paralleled plenty. Year after year learning when

heard barking in the woods about a the tax burden grows, grows, grows. whatsoever a man soweth that shall

hundred yards to the right of where That old motto points the only way he also reap, and that does not mean it be good or evil, Rilter stood and there was a great to safety and comfort. maybe. Whether

crashing of willows in that direc- I cannot afford to throw away my he reaps it.

tion. Unable quite to comprehend twocent dust cloth. I thought of I am not too proud to work two

the actions of the two dogs he hesithe people who sneer at the doing minutes to save two cents, but that tated a moment to listen. Then of the little tasks that fill the hours is nothing as compared to what my

presto! right in front of him from and give the doer always something clean dust cloth—clean through mythe very midst of a dense thicket to look at that is the result of his own effort—does in wiping up the

there came the terrible "woof"of own effort. They talk of the sixdust that sometimes clogs my brain.

the wounded grizzly! Instantly

Rilter raised his rifle, aimed at the monster's heart and fired. Shocked

by the bullet's impact the bear jumped several feet into the air; andthen crept toward the hunter. Rilter CONOCO GERM

again raised his rifle to shoot when to his utter surprise a great bull moose came crashing into the clearing in which he stood. For a second PROCESSED OIL

the tall monarch hesitated; but just

long enough to convince itself thatit was beset by danger before and CONOCO...THE ONLY OIL THAT

behind.

Now, a moose cornered is one of the most formidable beasts of the wilds; and Rilter saw that the hugeantlered animal was going to charge OILPLATES YOUR ENGINE

him. Men think quickly when in

LET'S SAY IT CORRECTLY SILVER LINING

Pulitzer—the man who left the money to be distributed for the muchdiscussed book prizes—used to pronounce his

name as in the word pull. Since his demise, others have decided

to change it to pa, the u as in cube, and accented; lit, i as in it;

serNewbery—sinceto rhyme with her.we have named one donor for books, we

should name the famous Englishman who left a bequest to stimulate the writing of worthwhile juvenile books. His name

is pronounced with the accent after new, pronounced as in cube; bee to rhyme with her; and the y as the i in it. Notice

the single r in this word.

to use frequendy genealogists need word that Data—a

follows this accent the da, preferably a as in [ate; pronounced

syllable; ta, the a as in account. The second pronunciation K Jy daughter's music lessons are a fortune to me."

given allows the first a to take the sound as in arm, otherwise fVl "How is that?"

the pronunciation is the same. "They enable me to buy the neighbors'houses at half

price."—Gazzettino Illustrato (Venice).

FROM HOLLYWOOD The Improvement Era: GENERAL IMPROVEMENT

just received the July number of the Era and I think it is woman in the suburbs was chatting over the back fence I one of the finest I have received. A with her nextdoor neighbor: "We're going to live in a

I wish I had the power of speech to tell you how much good better neighborhood soon,"she said.

I have received from the past year's reading, practically every "So are we,"volunteered Mrs. Nextdoor, confidendy.

too?"Are you moving, for "What? testimony has been strengthened, word my love in it. My here."staying Humorist. "No, we are in life that one wishes Everything grown. has my fellowmen

that is beautiful and uplifting is found in these pages. I would

sacrifice to continue in order any make my subscription, it has CLEARING THE DECKS year. this past to very so very, meant much me

tt Let's get our wives together tonight and have a big evening."even every home, see love to Era, and I would God bless the

"O.k. but where shall we leave them?"Annapolis Log. excellent this for subscribe most of our Church, nonmembers

magazine.

Thanking you kindly. BREAKFAST NOOK REPARTEE

Sincerely yours, I nothing but the charwoman!"was

this toast!"Selected. Mrs. Wilda M. Kunkel. ** **A NYBODY"Especiallywouldif thinkthey saw

FROM THE SWISSGERMAN MISSION TAKING HIS MEDICINE

Cautious Father: "My dear, if you want a good husband,

marry Mr. Easie. He really and truly loves you."

Daughter: "How do you know that, dad?"

Cautious Father: "Because I've been borrowing money from

him for six months, and still he keeps coming."Inverness

Courier.

FALLING BEHIND THE JONSES

Father: "It's a good plan, my dear, always to think before

you speak."

Daughter: "But Dad, when I do that the girls have changed

Steffisbury, Switzerland. the subject."Boston Transcript.

Dear Editors:

of anxiously each await the coming missionaries new THIS MONTH'S SCOTCH ONE here of our branch and members new WEEra. The friends

also enjoy it very much. Although they speak German, the

pictures of Church leaders and Church activities are very interesting to them. We have the Era hanging in the largest

restaurant in town, and English tourists have often commented upon its value.

Please find inclosed a picture of the youngest branch in the

Swiss German Mission (and we think the best one) taken 6 monthsafter its organization (on Mother's Day).

Sincerely your brethren, "Ts old Angus a typical Scotsman?"

O. Staker Olsen, * "Is he? He's saved all his toystoys for his second childHorace G. Moser. hood!"—TitBits.

life Keep his ROLLING SMOOTHLY ALONG

Your boy or girl can't always be young and greatly lessens or entirely removes this carefree, for life, at its best, is a series of worry by building up reserve funds on "ups and downs."But to any youngster which a man can depend. And when he

... in good health and with a pleasant is ready to retire, the man with paidup

home, life is a lot of fun. It can be a lot of insurance can still have a tremendous

places and doing amount of fun—going fun when you are older, too, if you are free

things he has always wanted to do.

from worry and want.

For an insurance plan suited to your needs,

Financial worry is one of the greatest drawconsult your local Beneficial agent or write backs to life's enjoyment. Life insurance the home office.

Home Office

Beneficial Life Heber J. Grant,

Building, President Salt Lake City, Utah mmmmML IHSIEAHCI iAiilf