Cfh& Jfmprooetnen

I

JUNE, 1930

RETURN POSTAGE GUARANTEED

The Church In Action DR. RICHARD R. LYMAN

Bill's Shadows PROF. HARRISON R. MERRILL

The Protection of Adolescents DR. VALERIA H. PARKER

A Touch With General Lew Wallace PRESTON NIBLEY

Camping REV HOYT E. HENRIQUES

American Fork Canyon Mt. Timpanogos in Background

'CARRY ON'with a AUTOMATIC HOUSE HEATING yiptu)ta(GJ\S

MODERN COOKING

MODERNIZATION PROGRAM

better time is there than the present WHATto get busy on that NATURAL GAS

Modernization program?

It takes just a few hours to change your home INSTANT WATER HEATING into an automatic palace—automatic

with water heating—refrigeration ing—automatic househeatan automatic Natural Gas refrigerator which has

is silent, to and wear out modern m#m clean, convenient the other many cooking—andno moving parts

and economical Natural Gas appliances. T irSi;ss

CIRCULATING HEATERS Using all of these Natural Gas services you rejMj/p ceive the advantages of the wholesale rate. The

more you use, the less you pay per cubic foot.

You will be surprised at the low cost of these conveniences—and with the easy purchase plan 5////ffln f 1 1 \aAw\v& \tft>c

you can CARRY ON to complete modernization CHEERY FIREPLACE HEATERS with only a small payment each month.

ifits done wiih heat, you can do it better '/tKT/Ti SANITARY INCINERATORS LET US GIVE YOU A FREE ESTIMATE

FOR YOUR MODERNIZATION

6- COKE GASUTAH Salt City Serving Lake CO. WASATCHSerVl KAYSVILLE LAYTONGASFARMINeTONCO.

MURRAY GARFIELD GASOGDEN BOUNTIFUL CENTERVILLE MAGNA COMPANY TOOELEMIDVALE SANDY MORGAN Serving Ogden

AUTOMATIC REFRIGERATION The Improvement Era for June, 1930 529

ECASTI "In what ways is the individual The Improvement Era under moral obligation to be personally efficient and how can this Hugh J. Cannon HeberEditorJ. Grant Elsie T. Brandley

be accomplished? Managing Editor Associate Editor

"Why is everyone under obliMelvin J. Ballard Clarissa A. Beesley

gation to his fellows diligently to Business Manager Associate Business Manager seek and to apply social knowlGeorge Q. Morris

edge?". Bachel Grant Taylor

Dean Milton Bennion prefaces Chairman Finance and Publications his next instalment of "A Spiritual Philosophy of Life"with the Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, the Mutual Improvement foregoing questions. If carefully Associations and the Schools of the Church of Jesus Christ

read this article would be of untold of Latterday Saints value to every young person in the world. The author shows, too,

that none are too old to improve. CONTENTS

One statement from his article is Title Page given here: "The current antiEditorial

J. 531 President Blessings Grant Prayer Heber and as opan used beenfat has fashion

S. Hinckley..Bryant Sense 533 of Edison's Humor the subpopular toportunity make 534 in Richard R. Dr. Action Church Lyman The sweet. a for cigarettestitution a of 538 Rotve Ed. Concerning M. Prophecy Word A efis doubt substitution noThis

Bill's Merrill Prof. R. Story Harrison 539 Shadows. A measure, but antifat asfective an 541 Woolsey Hale Poetry Mary

so also is tuberculosis."Memory In a Deserted Garden

1 i i The Poplars The Little Road

The first of a series of articles June An Old Mirror Speaks by John Henry Evans under the A Touch With Gen. Lew Wallace Preston Nibley 542

title of "Joseph Smith, a Modern Heritage i M. Jenkins Jones 543

American Prophet,"will appear in Out of the Burning. A Story (Chapter VII) ) Ivy Williams Stone 546

our next number. The subject is Original Y. M. M. I. A. Worker Gone—549

treated in an original way, interMessage of the Ages.—551

esting alike to young and old, and A Spiritual Philosophy of Life. Part VII Dean Milton Bennion 552

this remarkof picturea is drawn a Bridger's Indian Wife Dies Carter E. Grant 555 will make whichable youth

deep impression. Musings and Reminiscences on the Life of President HeberAlice C. K.KimballSmith 558

i i i Dr. William J. Snow furnishes Vital Problems Confront Us 560

us with a scholarly article under Camping Rev. Hoyt E. Henriqp.es 564

the title "The Historicity of Youth -—.L. E. Flack 567

Jesus,"in which he shows that, Another Unknown Soldier, Margaret C. Moloney 568

from sources outside of the New Priesthood Quorums

Testament, our Savior's place in Sacrament Meetings - Joseph Jenkins 570 history is firmly established. The Sacrament:. -r.... 571

i i i The articles "From the Green Aaronic Priesthood Items 572

Mountains to the Rockies,"several Field Notes 572 numbers of which have appeared Mutual Work in the Era, have awakened a desire The June Conference 573 in the hearts of many people to Monthly Report of Accomplishments; 574

traverse old "Mormon"trails themselves. John Giles, author of Community Activity Department 576

this series, has consented to furnish M MenGleaners Department 578

Era readers with a brief travelogue Glenner Girls Department 579 for the July number. This will Junior Girls Department 580

aid prospective tourists in planning Bee Hive Girls Department 581 their itinerary and will be interesting reading to all.

Office, Salt matter. City, secondclass the Post at Utah, as Lake Entered

at special for in section rate of postage provided mailing for i i 1 Acceptance

One of the most interesting arAct of October, 1917, authorized July 2, 1918. 1 103,

ticles that has come to the Era for Manuscripts submitted without the statement, "At usual rates,"are con- a long time has just been handed sidered free contributions. Photographs, unless their return is especially

us by Elder J. Percy Goddard, requested, wilt be destroyed.

member of the Deseret Sunday Published monthly at Salt Lake City by the M. I. A. General Boards;

School Union. It has as a title $2 per annum. Address: Room 406 Church Office Building.

"Abominable Creeds"530 The Improvement Era for June, 1930

The Brick Man says:—

"The difference between the success and failure of crops, is often a matter of proper drainage."

Drainage of the soil makes it firm and better fit for plowing and planting earlier in the spring and permits cultivation sooner after rains than is possible in undrained soil.

A uniform and increased yield usually is obtained over an entire field with the expenditure of less time and labor than is required if the wet spots are not drained.

In a soil that is saturated nearly to the surface during the spring and early summer, the roots of the crop spread out near the surface.

Later, when summer droughts occur, the water table falls below this root zone and the crop "burns out."

In well drained soil the roots extend downward into the deeper root zone and the plants are better able to withstand the drought.

Our Vitrified Salt Glazed Drain Tile will adequately and economically meet every drainage requirement.

THE SALT LAKE

PRESSED BRICK CO.

319 Kearns Building Salt Lake City, Utah

Phone Was. 951

EDITORIALHugh J. Cannon Heber J. Grant Elsie Talmage Brandley

Managing Editor Editor Associate Editor

Prayer and Blessings Delivered in the Salt Lake Tabernacle at the Opening Session of the Centennial Conference, April 6, 1930

By PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT

have received many telegrams of congratuupon them in their youth, that there may be planted lation on this occasion, but we shall not in their hearts a love of God and a desire to serve himWE attempt to read any of them this morning. as they grow to manhood; that they may feel to

in the footsteps their walk faithful of parents. All

lot, a weak, It very fallen although to has my of us in have been born the Church, who almost sucto the Lord, of in the instrument hands humble exception, without been of have parents born who this presided over have ceed the wonderful men who their lives given have the best that is in and them no Smith, than Prophet Joseph whom for the Church—the of God. work

that earth; I the graced ever greater believe has man of the earnest all prayers most of One heart my that pioneer, mighty Young; marvelous Brigham life that has been I should to live to be able be my exceptional liberty, that of Taylor; champion John a of father such worthy a and such as mother were Christ, converter of Jesus to the Wilof Gospel men given to me.

ford Woodruff; Lorenzo Snow, an extraordinary

I blessings pray that the of the attend Lord may 'years in three years eightyfive of age, who man at all officeis the general of all of our Church, of whom lifted finanthe the of despond slough Church from cially to a place of financial standing; and that man, are devoted to this work. I pray for the blessings

the of the Lord upon all the outstandbeloved one of him, by knew who

Relief of the Society. MyofficersheartandgoestheoutGeneralin gratitudeBoard all the Smith, F. of the Joseph world, ing men

greatest preacher of righteousness I have ever known. and thanksgiving to God for the organization,

It is my right and privilege as the President of throughful society.the Prophet Joseph Smith, of that wonderthis Church to extend a blessing to the people, and

with all my heart and soul I bless my counselors for I thank the Lord for my association with Eliza R.

their devotion to me and to the Church. I rememSnow, Zina D. Young, Sarah M. Kimball, Aunt Ember with gratitude my counselors who have passed meline B. Wells, Bathsheba W. Smith, Clarissa S.

away. I rejoice in the wonderful labors and the deWilliams and Sister Louise Y. Robison, who have

votion of each and every one of the men who are stood as officers of the Relief Society. I am thankful

members of the Council of the Twelve Apostles, also indeed for what they have accomplished, for their the Presiding Patriarch of the Church. I pray God wonderful work and example, and I pray God's

to bless them for their integrity and their devotion, choicest blessings upon them.

for their labors at home and abroad among the It is our sisters who carry the burden of the work.

people. We talk about the missionary work of the Elders who

I pray God to bless the Seven Presidents of the go forth to proclaim the Gospel; we talk about the

Seventy, the men who stand at the head of that great great pioneer work of the early settlers of this country, body of Priesthood, whose duty and obligation it is but I wish to say here that it is the mothers at home to carry the Gospel to the ends of the earth. who are making the sacrifice for the boys to go into

I pray the blessings of the Lord upon the Presidthe mission field. It is the mothers who stand the

ing Bishopric of the Church, who preside over all hardships far more than the men. Men are engaged

in many activities, and without the devotion andthe Lesser Priesthood—the Priests, Teachers and

Deacons of the Church. absolute testimony of the living God in the hearts

I pray God to bless this wonderful gathering of of our mothers this Church would die. May God

High Priests, such a gathering as I am sure cannot bless the mothers of men, is my most humble prayer;

be found in any other part of the wide world. I and I do bless them in the name of God our Heavpray God to bless the Seventies, and the Elders. I enly Father and in the name of Jesus Christ, our

pray that he may bless all the members of the Lesser Redeemer.

Priesthood; that he may richly pour out his blessing I pray for the same blessing upon the officers of

532 The Improvement Era for June, 1930

the General Board of the Young Ladies'Mutual restoration again to the earth of the plan of life

Improvement Association, and upon the Primary and salvation, the Gospel of Jesus Christ that you

Association, the Sunday Schools and the Young and I have received.

Men's Mutual Improvement Associations. I also Q d bless the Patriarchs. I thank the Lord for

pray for the blessings of the Lord upon those devoted Patriarch Perkins, a noble man in St. George, who

and wonderful workers in the Genealogical Society. gaVe me a patriarchal blessing as a little child, foreIt is wonderful what is being accomplished in the telling my life in one small page of longhand writing,

temples through the energy of these people who are which has been fulfilled to the very letter. I thank

working along that line. God for John Rowberry, who gave me a blessing

I pray for the blessings of the Lord upon our to the effect that I should be taken from Tooele and choir and its officers, and upon the music committee, be made one of the leading officials of this Church;

I pray for the blessings of the Lord upon the choirs anc} WQ promised Francis M. Lyman that his name

throughout the Church. There are no other people should be chronicled among the Apostles of the

in the world in proportion to their numbers who Lord Jesus Christ in these last days. God bless our

have so many who pray to the Lord in beautiful Patriarchs and inspire them in their splendid work, songs. I echo the prayer that was offered in the opening

God bless the Presidents of Missions, one and all. of this meeting, that God will bless the President of

They are marvelous men, those who are active today the United States and his cabinet, and all the officers and those who have served in the past. It is marvelof our great country. How I do rejoice in that stateous to contemplate the love and the confidence they ment contained in the Book of Mormon to the effect

have inspired and the inspiration that they have given that this is a land choice above all other lands and to those over whom they preside. that no king shall reign here. Let us be true and

I pray God to bless the wonderful men who have loyal to this land of liberty. In no land in all the

given so much of their time as Presidencies of the wide world could the Gospel of Jesus Christ have

Stakes of Zion. Many of the men occupying these been established except in this beloved America of

positions give nearly as much time to their Church ours, work as they do to their ordinary affairs in life. God bless that libertyloving country, Great Brit-

I pray for that same blessing upon the wonderful ain. May he bless our neighbor on the north, which

men who are Bishops and Bishops'Counselors. I is like one of our own family, Canada. May the

ask for the blessing of the Lord upon those who blessings of the Lord attend our people on the south, preside over the quorums of Priesthood throughout in Mexico, who are struggling for their rights and the Church. their liberty. May peace dwell in that land.

I pray abundantly for the blessings of the Lord I pray that the blessings of Almighty God may be to be with those who have been sent forth to proclaim and abide with all the members of this Church, every the Gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ, to lift up their faithful, diligent Latterday Saint. May we be able

voices in testimony that God lives, that Jesus is the to preach the Gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ by the

Christ, the Redeemer of the world, the Savior of honesty, the uprightness and the truthfulness of our mankind, and to bear witness that Joseph Smith lives. If we do this, then we are sure of a final

was a prophet of the true and the living God, inspired triumph.

of God to restore again to the earth the plan of life 'j rej ice m z\\ t jjat we have heard here today. I

and salvation. rejoice and I am sure that the Prophet and the PatriOh, how my heart goes out to those young men arch of the living God who sealed their testimonies

and young women who go forth with this testimony with their blood will rejoice at this wonderful gathburning in their very hearts for the spread of the ering. Oh, how I did pray, how I did supplicate the

truth. And thank God that they have brought Lord that Joseph F. Smith, the son of the martyred

honest souls from all over the wide world, from Patriarch, might live to occupy today this position every denomination under heaven, to the Gospel of that I am occupying. Never until the night before

Jesus Christ. May God bless them and bless their he passed away did I give up the hope that he should

parents who are making sacrifices to send them forth have that privilege. But it has fallen to my lot withto proclaim the Gospel. Oh, how I do rejoice that I out my seeking to occupy this position. By that

do not know of one son or one daughter in all spirit of blessing which he possessed, I bless you one

Israel who has gone out into the world to proclaim and all, and all Israel, and every honesthearted soul the truth that has come home to announce that the in all the world who is trying to do good, and I do truth is in some other land. Thank God for the it in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, the Redeemer

truth and the power that goes with these young men of the world, and by the authority of the living and young women as they go forth to proclaim the God, the Priesthood that I hold. Amen.

THE IMPROVEMENTEE ERA

Edison's Sense of Humor By BRYANT S. HINCKLEY

'Boy, what ye got there?'he "I hurried back to my trunk.

asked. It was half full of novels. Some

A. EDHOMAS wear. signs of showed them 'Newspapers,'I answered. of geniuses greatest theISON, oneTof stack helped brakeman me The many?''How defines known, has the world a in arms. almost It was them my

genius as 99% perspiration and 'Thirtyfour.'wagonload. I was in the midst of

1 % inspiration. One of his good 'Chuck 'em out o'the winan adventure as thrilling as any in

natured mottoes is: "All things dow,'he commanded. the books I carried. I toiled into

come to him who hustles while he "I hesitated. the smoking car with my burden.

has in and believes waits."He o'winthe out 'em "Chuck the familiar words: "Again suggestions these ofpractised both able to he repeated. 'I'm dow,'pay there?''Hello, ye got boy, what for more a day hours eighteen 'em.'for I 'Novels,'answered. almost any than days working "I at his word, 'Taking him many?''How unremit living. Hisother man flung winan through open them the gave "I number. Presiof the words toil, use toting

dow. "Again the welcome order:dent Hoover, "has taken rivers of

sweat from the backs of men and "He lazily turned to the negro 'Chuck 'em out o'the window.'

freed the hands of women from at his side, as if the vulgar details "Gladly I chucked 'em. For

untold drudgery."His industry of business were beneath him, say- a minute the air was full of

is an example to all ambitious ing in a lordly tone: 'Nicodemus, mystery and bloody murder.

young men. settle with the boy.'Every tramp on that railroad must

On the evening of October 21st "The colored man paid me. I have become a walking library,

a great international celebration returned to my trunk. I had never and I'm sure that the section boss

was held in his honor, commemosold my papers with so little effort. acquired a surprising familiarity

rating the fiftieth anniversary of I thought that I would try him with literature.

incandescent the of I completion the again. returned to the smoking princely I heard the "Once more of hisevent an This was a lamp. car with load of magazines settle 'Nicodemus, that command: with

toric importance and many magstaggered me. I left none behind. the boy.'

carried newspapers daily azines and customer saw me coming. "My to trunk. an "I returned empty life inventor's the great sketches of 'Hello, boy, what it ye got I last closed for the locked and marvelous on his and commented there?'he demanded. it? time. should with I do What achievements. 'Magazines.'I decided to try luck once more. my

'How many?'I dragged the trunk through the

LN an article in the "I told him. aisle to the smoking car. EveryAmerican Magazine of January, 'Chuck 'em out o'the winone laughed as I bumped it through

1929, contributed by Irving dow.'the door.

Bacheller, is related, in Edison's My stock was moving fast. I "Again the familiar greeting:

own words, one of his early exthink that half a mile of the right 'Hello, boy, what ye got there?'

periences which indicates his alertof way was paved with literature. "Trunk,'I answered.

fine sense ness his of of settle the 'Nicodemus, and mind with "He smiled as he asked: 'How

a boy,'agent Southern newshumor. was He my whimsical many?'

friend train as I the returned ran that Sagbetween commanded,on inaw and Detroit. The story of emptyhanded to his seat. "'One.'

his last trip is full of significance "I understood the situation. 'Chuck it off the train.'

and abounds in the rarest humor. My customer like many men of "I dragged it to the platform

Significant, because it helped him that time, on pleasure bent, was and tumbled it to the right of way, to find himself, and to get into the playing the part of a lavish Roman and Nicodemus settled with me.

path that led him to fame. Passemperor. His little hobby was the I was out of the newsagent busing through the smoker, his arms creation of astonishment. I deiness for good."

full of newspapers, he was stopped cided that if I had been chosen by Taken from "Making Friends by a Southerner dressed like a sport fate to assist him to ride his hobby, with Luck"by Irving Bacheller, and with a negro valet. far be it from me to lag behind. American Magazine, Jan., 1929.

The Church in Action Its Work in Moral and Religious Education A Sketch of

GREAT as the zeal of the By social activities as well as over the Church has been for upclass-room work of the students. DR. RICHARD R. LYMAN

building the public schools, A Builder of Characterits interest in schools for religious of the sent to Provoeducation is even more pronounced. Council of Twelve T\R. MAESER was by President Brigham Young

The Chief Aim and of the to start a school. Boys and girls

General Superintendency who came into the institution in and piothe leadersTtTHAT desired ** neers primarily was of the lyits limitedearly days,opportunities,having hadnecessarilyextrememanhood, character; and since re- Y. M. M. I. A. had narrow vision. Karl G. Maeser

ligious truth could not consistentopened the eyes of these young ly be taught in the public school. people and inspired their zeal, beLatter-day Saint people began early sides giving them information with

the establishment of C h u r c h of the question to create a satiswhich they laid the foundation for schools; that is, institutions in factory free public school system. their future.

which spiritual development could This condition gave to the people The devotion of this Germanbe emphasized. Early evidence of of the Church an opportunity to trained scholar had much to do

their desire for ethical, moral, and satisfy their ideals and desires for with establishing in the hearts of religious training was the foundeducation in establishing in the the people unusual standards of ing, (Oct. 16, 1875) at Provo, principal cities a system of Church character and high ambitions.

Utah, of the Brigham Young schools. These schools took the Many of his students have gone on

Academy. form of public high schools. To to successes that have astonished

this day some of them are still conthe most optimistic, not a few of

An Early Modern School ducted, even in comparatively them having become important large and wellto-do centers of factors in the work of the world.

TN 1877 President Young estabbusiness and population.

schools, stuIn these also Church-* lished the Brigham Young Certain Human Products responsible of were dents out in Utah, endowCollege Logan, ing this institution with a valuschool hours, as well as during AT this moment Utah has but able 9,000acre tract of land near recitations, for their conduct as one representative in Congress that city. well as for their lessons. An efat Washington and two United

Provisions of the college deed of fort was made to induce students States Senators. These three and

trust clearly reveal the practical to live in strict conformity with all one Justice of the Supreme Court side of this strong man's nature Church ideals. Temperance and are brilliant examples of this noand the breadth of his prophetic selfcontrol were emphasized. Tea, table teacher's inspiration. He

view. The deed provides that, in coffee, liquor, tobacco, and imfilled his students with noble aims,

addition to the usual subjects proper association were alike forand thrilled them with a love for taught in colleges, the curriculum bidden. At the Brigham Young knowledge. Can we find anyshould include practical instruction Academy, in the early days of this where a finer record?

in what we now call agriculture, institution, Dr. Karl G. Maeser, a This educator's aim, also that

manual training, mechanic arts, remarkable teacher and illustrious of the Church, is to teach young domestic science, and domestic art. leader, exercised control over the people to be honest, chaste, virtuWhile many institutions ous, benevolent; to be

are giving instruction inkind, long-s uffering, these branches today, they Christianlike, and truly were rare and novel for a religious. This is the life

college in 1877. that gives the greatest joy.

An outstanding maxim of Poverty Did Not these Church schools is

Daunt Their Spirit that the ages demonstrate of Education such a life to be the only one that brings genuine HTHE early Intermounand lasting satisfaction, tain West was sparsely and that the first of all settled. Assessed valuations virtues is honor.

were so low and property With the people of the so limited that it was out Moscow Institute Church it is a conviction

The Improvement Era for June, 1930 535

that without religion a superior man or woman is not possible.

And now that communities have grown stronger and assessed valuations have so increased that local units are able, by the usual forms of taxation, to maintain and have established—the presentmodernpolicy ofhighthe schools,Church

is to expend whatever means it has for educational purposes in developing institutions limited to giving religious education.

L. D. S. View of Education

O ELIGION, character, dependability—these are the qualities

the world most needs; and in the

educational system now maintained by the Church the primary aim is to give moral and religious education.

What is the reason that so many people in these days, though scholastically trained, lose interest in Logan institute practical religion? Is it not because their religious development quired to leave friends, home and awarded academic honors for his

and education fail to keep pace Church; and still more among success in scientific and secular subit jects. When he begins again towith their scholastic or collegiate those who attend college find

training? While attending high necessary to be away from home give attention to religion, if the

school and college, consistent reand home influences. only religious views he has are

ligious training for the many is Devoting himself almost excluthose of his childhood, which have neglected or wholly ignored. sively to scholastic pursuits, a stunot been consistently developed,

his well naturally, to then, very struggles years four through instident conduct and To establish these analytical trained mind, and school, of high perhaps and then religious purelytutions for giving training along with and parallel through four years more of colearly views of religion seem crude to, or handin-hand with, public lege life. During these eight years and simple, if not absurd.

intense of mental development collegeschool and education—this he A Complete, Well Balanced oftentimes scant attention but pays policy of the presentconstitutes the

Church. to religious thoughts and duties. Growth

In order to get a high school With commencement day, his long 17ITH the hope that the young education many students are retraining is finished, and he is people of the Church may be provided with an education well rounded out in religion as well as in science and literature, we are aiming high—attempting to bring

up a generation perfect even as our

Heavenly Father is perfect.

For the attainment of this cherished ideal, the Church has establisheding-—-aitsdevelopmentsystem of religiousthat parallelstrainand goes handin-hand with the

training given in the public schools.

The Primary associations give religious training to those who are doing work in the kindergarten and the first six grades of the public schools. The aim of this association is to teach the beginnings

of reverence and responsibility to these children and in a happy way to tie their activity up to the

Church through service. The idea

is, not only to teach correct prinPocatello Institute—Interior ciples, but so to lead the younger

536 The Improvement Era for June, 1930

children that they will form to herein is to give religious inTo these two young people's sound habits of life, to the end struction along with the secular organizations, the Mutuals, is asthat ideals of religion and habits training of modern schools and signed also the responsibility of diof industry may be well establishcolleges, the Church has many othrecting recreation work for the ed during the years of childhood. er organizations or institutions for whole Church. The specific aim

teaching religious ideals, duties and here is to blend uplift with recAcademic Instruction in conduct. reation, for those who are well

Scripture In each of the 1,016 wards in along in years as well as for the the various stakes of the Church, youth. They participate in basket

HTHE Junior Seminary, in theory also in many of its branches in the ball, base ball, and other kinds of at least, is conducted parallel missions throughout the world, sport and recreation. The prowith public school training of the five strong auxiliary organizations gram of the Boy Scouts of Amer7th, 8th, and 9th grades. The are operating. A numerous army ica is an integral and prominent

purpose of Senior Seminaries is to of volunteer workers is necessary part of the work for young men.

teach ethical principles and pracfor the successful operation of these The organization undertakes to tical religion to those who are atauxiliary organizations. They provide young people with so

tending public high schools. They each have definite courses of study, much of "the things that are more

are established wherever there is a clearcut outlines, and faithful excellent,"with a program so fillsufficient number of Latterday teachers. Figures showing the ed with healthful recreation and

Saint students to justify the unnumbers of those who are actively interesting study, that there will dertaking. engaged in the auxiliary organizabe no place or time in their lives

Eightyfour seminaries, adjacent tions will illustrate roughly the for what is worthless or unwholeto high schools where numbers of size of this army of workers. some.

L. D. S. students are registered, are In the Sunday Schools, for exDevelopment of the Youngnow in operation. In these a total ample, there are 1,299 stake offiof 93 teachers are employed and cers and teachers and 26,505 ward Child

officers teachers. and the With are the taking students13,337 is the Association Primary 'THE students, this a 250,803 makes colIn connection withwork. fifth organauxiliary the of total of membership 278,627. Inleges estabthe also has Church It izations. religious provides itself a large army, an enormous these, institutes.lished three In for the training proschool, children—a the is a Sunday School enrolled, are students with327 parallel carried the gram on with educational mighty institution. teachers.three

first six kindergarten the and Relief Society, like these The institutes provide to aim These schools. the grades of public other institutions, major does work are studentscollege members who are the In the children Primary is that its educational, but main a fouryear with theof Church cardinal the taught

is social function service. virtues—obeIt could Bible of the the intraining study dience, the honesty, very appropriately faith—with called be the afford also scriptures; to otherand sincerity thoroughness same and mother's Its offiorganization. in the in practice religion andthem that are language, they taught cers 20,- number besides 10,463, characteristicsessential Christian arithmetic, or the in geography teachers, 948 visit monthly who selfcontrol.virtue, honesty, and public schools. Character hold we the of homes the people, going

essential to be to success in more house to house. At the close The Goal of Educational from life is scholastic training. than total the of 1928 membership of

Officers and teachers in the PriWork this organization was 62,550.

HTHE Department of Education maryber of aggregateorganizations13,419;is 1,243;the numthe

of the Church is attempting to For the Uplift of Youth total members, 108,596.secure teachers who are well equipYoung Ladies'Mutual Imthis to giveped work. Men and ''"THE provement Association has The Education of Women personalities pleasing withwomen

and attractive personal appearance definite programs with distinctive T'HE Relief Society, the Young are selected. Those having natural lines of training, intended primarLadies'Mutual Improvement

ability to teach are placed jn charge. ily for the young women. There Association and the Primary,

The idea is to make religious eduare 1,157 of these organizations; three of the strong auxiliary orcation both effective and attractive. the officers and class leaders numganizations, are managed almost

To enable young people to become ber 10,841; the total membership entirely by women. The work of

unselfish, Godfearing, Christianreaches 54,287. the women throughout the Church

like, strong, virtuous, upright; to The corresponding organization is generally more efficient than that

develop them into patriotic and for the young men has 1,033 units, of the men. This may be because

devoted citizens, good neighbors, with 8,667 officers and teachers, they have more time to attend to exemplary Church members, acand 55,137 members. These astheir Church work than do men,

public debating and in impressed the saving speaking, with power is the goal of all these tiveciety,—thisand honorable members of sosociations train young people in or it may be that they are more biography, of religious other subjects of and It has been work. efforts.

interest and practical value in said, "Men may fail, but women is to prenever."The Interior Mechanism modern life. The aim sent materials that are up to date In Church proceedings women

TW"HILE the primary purpose in science, literature, and art; also have always voted in the same

of the organizations referred in health and sanitation. manner as men. They are eduThe Improvement Era for June, 1930 537

the Presicated the same—for example, in people are most likely to waste missions appointed by

public speaking. In Church work their physical and mental powers dent of the United States, and the

they are playing a part no less imin idleness, carelessness, or sport, director of the U. S. Veteran's

portant than that of men. During this system sends them into the Bureau. In fact we have repre-

a hundred years, their help, their mission field to study and teach sentatives of men and women who prayers, their devotion, have aidthe Gospel of Jesus Christ. Under are leading farmers, scientists,

ed greatly the achievements of the the close supervision and instructeachers, business men, engineers,

Church. tion of able mission presidents and and professional men in all parts

As text books these various auxleaders, they are required to live of this intermountain country.

iliary organizations have used in accordance with these teachings guide lessons and specially prepared and to advocate them. Fruits of the System

manuals. College professors and This training is generally given

public school teachers quite freto young men when they have |"T is a compliment to our educaquently assist in preparing these finished high school, or to those tional institutions that we have texts, and they are often the teachwho have not completed the high representatives on faculties of the ers in the various classes. Recent school course but are ready to befollowing universities: Columbia,

M. I. A. manuals include such topgin their life's work. For those Minnesota, Wisconsin, Chicago,

ics as: "Heroes of Science,""Capattending college, the aim is, at the Michigan; professorship and head

tains of Industry,""Champions of end of the sophomore year to have of a department in Iowa College;

Liberty,""A Century of Progthem spend two years in the misthree faculty members in the Uniress."Magazines filled with modsion field, reading, studying, adversity of Ohio; a professorship in

ern matter intended to grip the invocating, and practising the printhe University of Indiana; a memterest and hold the attention of ciples of the Gospel. ber of the faculty in Peabody Colyoung and old are issued monthly lege, Tennessee, in the University

these organizations.by Education of the Emotions versityof Southernof CaliforniaCalifornia,at Losthe AngeUni- practical application of reThe

les, University of Illinois, Univerligion for the men of the Church THROUGHOUT its history.

is further provided for in the * while greatly interested in gensity of California at Berkeley, and

Priesthood quorums. These are eral and scholastic education, the the ranking man in the electrical

Quorums of Seventies, Elders, Church has been more concerned in department in active charge of the

High Priests, Priests, Teachers, and the education of the heart, in charworld-famous electrical high tenDeacons. In these, which are comacter building. The Church is now sion laboratory at Stanford Uniparatively small groups, not only but one hundred years old. Its versity.

are lessons taught and instructions achievements have proved a surWe have helped professors to the given, but opportunity is provided prise to nearly all thinking people University of Oregon at Eugene for exercise in public speaking and who have given its career careful and the President of the Oregon for the application of various pracstudy. In prominent places nearAgricultural College; faculty memtical duties. ly everywhere products of the bers for the Chicago School of

Church system of education are in Music, and the conductor of music

The Gospel of Giving evidence. at the Mission Play in California;

Consider the influential posiand a member of the faculty of

TTHE value of giving, or the haptions held by our representatives in Cornell University.

piness that results from doing the halls of Congress and the good to others, is an outstanding credit that has come to us because C'NNLY a few of the positions inpractice and principle of the of our able representation in the the educational world held by

Church. Practically all the teachSupreme Court of the United products of the educational system

ers, leaders, and officers of these States. We have produced a Secof the L. D. S. Church can be

great organizations serve without retary of Agriculture, the presimentioned here; but even these

compensation. Many of them dents of several Agricultural Colsuffice to show why the "Mormake contributions in time and efleges, the chairman of the U. S. mon"people are so well known in

fort that money could not purTariff Commission, and Directors every part of the world; and this

chase. of several State Agricultural Exis the more remarkable from the

A n outstanding educational periment Stations. fact that they are hardly more than

characteristic of the Church is its From our midst have come half a million in number.

missionary system, which is debankers, managers of big business A noted traveler, a man of voted to proclaiming the teachings institutions, the Director of exbroad experience, Dr. A. E. Winof Jesus. In the entire range of tension work in the Department ship, has said: "Utah County has

human history the sole perfect of the Interior, research experts for produced more musicians and artcharacter is that of Jesus of Nazvarious mining and other enterists than any other county of its areth. Even those who are not prises, men prominent in the U. size and population in the United

members of any Christian denom- S. Bureau of Public Roads, Deans States."

ination acknowledge this. Ask in various departments of State H av i n g accomplished these

nonbelievers to name the charUniversities, Editor and Chief of things for education in the first one acteristics of the life of a perfect the Division of Publications, U. S. hundred years of its history, who

human being; most of them will Department of Agriculture, State can predict what will be the edube cited from the life, the teachCommissioner o f Agriculture, cational achievements of the

ings, the example, of Jesus. presidents of educational instituChurch during the marvelous cenAt the very age when young tions, members of important comtury that is now dawning?

Concerning Prophecy A Word By ED. M. ROWE

Assistant Professor of English, Brigham Young University

"We have also a more sure word of "And again, verily I say unto you, pable of manifesting himself to his prophecy; whereunto ye do well that ye that it is your privilege, and a promise I children, the statement is prophetic

give been ordained a have shineth light that heed, unto you thattake as unto that as you and sound. this ministry, until inasmuch the place, unto and dawn, dayin a dark

the day star arise in your hearts."(II strip yourselves from jealousies and fears, In Section 89 of the Doctrine

before for yourselves me, humblePeter 1:19.) and ye and Covenants, the Lord has made veil shall sufficiently the humble, are not

and of regulations a code see shall rent and and know plain you me is, this paper, in selfneither carnal, underlie the not no bethat with suggestions I am; whichTHERE spiritual."the with natural but mind, of the the part on attempt physical health, menpreservation,

writer to enter into a discus- (Doc. and Cov. Sec. 67:10.) tal discipline, and spiritual culobedience Predicated ture. upon war, thesion of the prophecy on be permitted not of us may A LL followis the suggestions to these Stephen A. concerningprophecy as that visions behold to such

Douglas, the prophecy concerning presented to Joseph Smith in the ing assurance:

the establishment of the Latterspring of 1820, in which he saw They "shall find wisdom and day Saints as a mighty people in the Father and the Son, or that great treasures of knowledge, even the midst of the Rocky Mountains, given the Prophet and Sidney Righidden treasures."

blessdedicationthe prophetic and 16, Feb. at Ohio, don, Hiram, on of God, the being This, word place a as theing of Holy Land the in they beheld 1832, which fulfilits is prophetic. not Was the offor gathering the return sitting right the hand Son on intellecthe in plain made of ment the the forth ofJews, or coming assurreceived the the Father and it life was to tual of him whom fulfilled ofBook live: ance they that Mormon—all 27, Feb. 1833? revealed on To a last degree to the century,during

devote after the testimonies now, who men many young "And many of spirit the withcommensurate this is the been of given him, have which lives pursuit of knowltheir to the is to utterance.their purpose My all, last give of testimony of which we development the edge, and growth declagive a brief treatment of the lives; that him, he

ration and the fulfilment of other "For we saw him, even on the right of Joseph Smith's intelligence is a challenge. voice of heard the hand God, and weprophecy.

is the record bearing that Begotten he Only declathe I mean By prophecy Sec. the of Father."76: (Doc. Cov. and TIJROM what teachers did Josephration will 2223.) of and of the mind

God, to his people, by one chosen obtain the training that enand inspired to speak for, and in T\7E may, however, having stripabled him to present the phillife, of here and hereafter, jealousies ourselves of and osophy pedbehalf Deity. of a prophet A to the he propounded which ourhaving and humbled shares the counsels of and fears, God

asserts His word. He incites fear, selves before God, behold the veil world? Many thoughtful people

utters warning, and inspires men rent and see him and know that find permanent satisfaction in the to life and action. The blessing he is, not with the carnal or natcontemplation of that philosophy.

it given byof the Almighty gives him underural mind, but with the spiritual. Is it manmade? Was

standing. He denounces sin, The significance of this matter inspiration? Recent investigation

preaches righteousness, and makes is that the inquiring mind of a has proved that his knowledge of records anan translating from be person humble, prayerful may less prophetic promise. a writer No

is valid language cient to a modern testimony enlightened; and a may writes: than Dr. J. Smith M. P.

"It is for the modern prophet rather be implanted therein, when that and specific. In his thesis which

to face the facts of life with open eye, mind is quickened by the Spirit of he submitted to the faculty of the to read the message of God to the age God. In spiritual vision, then, Graduate School of Arts and Litit as is revealed in facts those processand of Chierature University of the that and may see God know

es, to full man in surrender himself and the has cago, Prof. Sidney B. Sperry this he exists. the truth of To of assurance faith to the declaring of task

and interpreting that message to his feldeclaration, hundreds of thousands pointed out that the text of Isaiah lowmen. So will prophecy live again and of Latterday Saints raise their in the King James'version of the

religion once more become a quickening voices in words of gratitude and Bible, in so far as it parallels that power upon the minds of men."* songs of praise. of the Book of Mormon, contains

two hundred verses within which

TT is in the light of the quickenTN a manner scarcely less apparare italics. 'The Book of Moring power of prophecy and the ent than that of witnessing God mon has different translations in

evident assurance of promise that with the spiritual mind, the rightthe main, where italics occur, in the ensuing thoughts are presented. eous man may obtain wisdom and ninetysix verses out of the two

To the Prophet Joseph Smith, hidden treasures of knowledge. To hundred."Prof. Sperry then conat Hiram, Ohio, in November, the psychologist or the philosopher cludes, after having considered the

1831, the Lord declared Himself who may believe in a Pantheistic nature of the words in italics, that thus: God, such a statement as that of the evidence of Joseph Smith's inobtaining hidden treasures of dependence in translating the text

*J. Powis Smith. M. The Prophet

His Problems and (New York, 1923), knowledge is absurd. To him who of Isaiah is striking. Furthermore,

p. 233. believes in a personal Father, ca- (Continued on page 592)

I

Bill's Shadows

By HARR'SON R. MERRILL

"Glad you liked my stuff,"Bill me to be at least one wing of the managed to mumble. "He told me line. He's just got his heart set

Bill nothing but my best would be on that."W,HENGardner his opened eyes he for found Staeger."good enough

. tut.""Tut, rose, coach Thehimself lying a in training table on coach, old graying around The his chin thrust pugnaciously. outthe club house. university ceiltemples, the at glanced The the up here, coach Bill "Who's or old medoctor and Karl ing Coach the Winston and back hind swung on Gardner? for football more Nowere over legs bending his chair. him. of

this you hear?"you

I year—do "But wouldn't play any more sit attempted It to He up. was about next year?"Bill "What I were you."then he became conscious of pain. football—if anxiously. Bill jerkasked football!""No more 'Take it easy,"the doctor admonished, busying himself with ed around to face the coach. The "We'll see—next year. If Bill

his firstaid materials. "Did you doctor swore. Gardner's spirit gathers some of

hear the little birdies?"Bill Gardner's beef, some of his

iron, why—'Bill comprehended. been had He o d and y the after closed But door which NOPE—b before in"out"school. high spirit don't match, the son,"coach the as coach off he out went shut birds rethere,"out "No he said gently. Bill got old "You've the his remainder of sentence.sponded, his masking as pain best spirit Gardner's in cramped up 'There are,"the doctor you an- I could.he stop "Did him?"that skinny body as somehow—gathered nounced he his up mathere in your saw out dad that terials. collar broken bone "A tackle I made. you That's why doctor 1 a and badly HE for shoulder wrenched helped

in. Bill his came without Old a sitting tohim position arand you."

tousled Bill old head; the with aranged for his support beback Bill But attenpaid Gardner no all off."meatfore set to he his work with band-.to tion the doctor. not was He "Well, of that?"what youngage. to football, play he and thought Bill asked. Coach at Winston the winked he his feel father knew would how 'That's what."coach Themedical man. about father had who pointed to the shoulder. bandaged that—his old "His over dad again,"he set his heart seeing his son on play Bill spirit tear Gardner's will "Oldsaid whimsically. a matter "What the for in Staeger game he which that pieces a to in footbody puny iffew bones stopped he him?"himself starred a had quarter of ball you're to not turning game.—Nope, toThen Bill—"You a earlier. century play football this year any morethrew of out him Staeger bounds.

'11 have to win after that."at all, even if you recover in time.

settled. That's I loved old Bill Bill grinned happily. returned his for JDILL for that."too much afraid "Was I was too late."sophomore year with hopes, high

"Bill Gardner's son!"the coach but they were soon blasted.

mused. "There a great footwas the "Nope,"old said coach more football?"Noball machine. I've never seen at examining his Bill questioned the openruefully. him "That'll after

equal before or since. Always felt be a blow to Dad. He's expecting ing of school, "it's just out of the

in the Iwith him that just game question, Bill. You're going not

f L SO?J UlHtTabout field teams had the on two to play football of on any—especially on defense. Tackled teams. I'm not going to have youmy

like a tiger."run some of those brittle bones

through my ambitious freshmen."

amount of argument would B(ILL'S heart thrilled. No

He had always looked upon his change him.

dad as a modern Hercules. "It'd be the same old story,"he

'You got his fire, youngster,"finished bluntly, "a broken rib, a continued,Coach "but Winston cannot the pnot his physique."He felt ankle—nope,fractured collaryou'llbone,havea tosmashedgo inskinny leg dangling from the to something else for your letter,

training table. "He'd a made two if you're going to make one at this

of you, son, but he never at his—AHOHYMOUS 'school. Plenty of sports besides

best charged better than you did football. Jump into one of them

out there today."& and show your stuff."

540 The improvement Era for June, 1930

see, you have some mighty shadhe remembered his father's parting days later Bill ows back of you."words A FEW

received a letter from his father "This means a lot to me, son,"that twisted his face into a pathetic he had said at the car steps. "For

grin. In it the elder Gardner said 13ILL remembered his twenty years I've dreamed of this

in vain through own reply and his father's rethat he had looked a sending I'd be boy day—when Staeger joinder. at prospects football the once to Staeger; more back when

University for that of his son. "But the schooners sail no more the old battle cry would call a

Now Bill knew that his name over the desert seas,"he had said, Gardner to defend the Gold and would not appear in those lists "and the last bit of land in this Blue. In a few minutes you'll be

either this year or ever. valley has been taken under the on your way bearing my dreams.

Despite the fact that he had enlarged homestead act."In you are powers of which you

worked all summer on Lake Michi- "Yeah, both were gone in my are not aware. As great shadows,

gan as life guard in the hope that day,"his father had replied. "But but real figures your greatgrand-

the outof-doors and plenty of exthere are plenty of other ways in father is there; your grandfather,

ercise would aid him in putting on which you can show your stuff. I who cut ten thousand feet of lum-

"beef,"as Coach Winston had showed mine in football. You can ber in a day with an axe, is there;

called it, he had not grown heavier. do the same."and I am there. When your hour

as whip cord as he strode into the dressing room. of us."knew—asHis musclestoughwere all right, he "Looks like it,"Bill mumbled comes, you are to answer for all but stretched on pipe stems. He He was stirred up inside as he "I have all right,"Bill grunted

could almost see every one indibegan throwing off his clothes. He disgustedly. "I've answered. Dad's

vidually through his semitrans- could remember his father's unplumb off his bean about that parent skin. reasonable reply when he had refootball business, hut—I guess

Bill crumpled up his father's minded him of the difference in there's nothing to do about it."

letter which he had finished readtheir weights and builds.

'The only Lord ing. where knows seized his towel H,.E picked up those gander shanks "Oh, well,"he philosophized, you for and started the showers and

"I'll just have to show him and and pipestem arms,"he had exthe pool.

old Winston that there's other claimed, as he grasped his son's "I'll have to find a way to surhis with two great hands. ways than football to do big waist find a place someprise 'im—I'll "I can almost span around you. things."to. to going I'm But you're going to Staeger where thosewhere—gotsaid Shadows their chancegiveor

the name William Gardner is enmy name ain't Gardner. We'll

their graved silver on loving cups see just are those what flung Shadows his out of Hi.E it and stands for in a pinch."trophies—where worth the'uniand towardroom down those chaps there what up stand this aggressive In of frame versity. mind, the situation He'd look

for. like I'd see to William Gardhis he place the took the of rim on over, pick sport, out a good and ner, Junior, their some of on cups."tank he for a where paused in a mohead find somewhere. He'd

place. He'd show 'em. ment spreading his long arms like

thin rudimentary wings. he Then at in turned the gymnasium. He that Bill point, A-lT in plunged sped surover the and it a takeHe'd and think swim remembered, his Rad and Bowen face the of water. at turned Heover. he'd evstudy over Then dad into had station come the a the end jackknife with moveinter-collegiateery sport the on his with Rad white huge "W"he ment racing mastered had belist selection. his and make That blazing his breast, letter on a he, piers tween on Lake Michigan andslender his of serve body would Bill Gardner, had been unable to sped back. universityboth the and or him because his brittle win of bones

his cagrasped the hand Whenhe'd the reason know why. that football. not stand would He nal the running around pool and could the yet remember He felt like had tweaking Bowen his he head the above drew conat thescene station in Union WestSenior's nose that gentleman when

floor, crete he lookhimself foundover his father sent had when him casually fact mentioned the that ing into an eager up and animated to the university.away could Bill He his letter. not had made That face ornamented birdwith two see thealmost expression his on bitterest one of Bill's was memolike eyes. face,father's inflechear the and ries.

"Here, here,"the little cometion voice, of his standing before Just he could not forget now floor the exclaimed. on man paintingthe mural of a train of (it that thigh Rad's was against

into "Come prairiepioneer my office."schooners which he in that crashed that frosh footadorned the half moon gable of ball game when he had broken his Bill climbed out wondering if

the ceiling. collar bone and had been elimhis bony body was now to be ban-

"Bill,"he had said, "there's inated from Staeger football for all ished from the pool also.

the stock you're from. Your antime. He knew that Rad was notcestors were pioneers, men who to blame for the accident, yet he TJHE little man closed

would die before they'd quit. felt that he would have to wipe the door carefully behind them,

Your greatgrandfather was capthat memory out sometime. then he danced over in front of

tain of a pioneer wagon train like He threw his clothes into the Bill and looked up approvingly.

that; your grandfather was one of locker and slammed the door. His "Say, where did you get that?"

the first settlers of this valley. You face twisted into a cynical grin as (Continued on page 584)

Memory In a Deserted Garden Hale Woolsey Mary By Woolsey Hale 23 y Mary here, its softly once tread all where witchery has a own /WILL UNE trod, built of treasurehouse, hours loveliness you a of perfect J—-theMEMORY'S

of gardener long perDear, ago busy the sadness hours, which touched with golden brides, these crumbling walls you used Between precious brings. fection Filled Gardens, with

these to know, just to, are be; moments—precious woven into and memories

Things, perhaps, no other knew, or songs in a way which catches one Along these walks you laid so smooth, knowing, would remember by the throat. Beauty, life's Juneand broad.

Ever hold a favored place in secret time gift to her children, is the ink I will tread softly-—for the very air

reverie. in which the pen for these singing Seems fragrant with the dreams you

lines is dipped, and through it they planted here.

Here's a day of long ago—a flawless gem become inviolate.

of springtime, Your hands long since were stilled; no

Green of leafy bough and gold of sun other came and blue of sky; To tend the flowers you loved so dearly

a thrilled me, that fromHere's a song then Little Tke singer, woodland joyous lilacs spring bloom every your Road—Yet clear echo, can heart note Every my again, Hale Woolsey Mary By high. sweet and and iris bluely just blossoms the same. And

'INHERE was a little winding road we Pale daisies struggle up among the weeds,

Here's a blossom, waxy petal wet with J. followed long ago; And violets are hiding just below;

dew of morning Uphill and down it led, beneath kind Upon the wall the rambling roses grow,

Still in full perfection, for rememtrees and smiling sky; And honeysuckle, where the wild bee

brance keeps it so: The little breezes played there, birds feeds.

And a butterfly that flitted, radiant flitted to and fro, Each summer brings the yellow roses, prophecy of sunshine, And flowers grew so close they touched too, 'Cross a path darkshadowed by a cloud our hands as we passed by. To scatter spicy sweetness all around;

of fear and woe. Verbena spreads a carpet on the ground * * * True, this highway is smoother—And hollyhocks stand tall again for you.

Here's a friendly handclasp, which when Lures us swiftly on and on life was dark with doubting, To a goal that's ever forward—Flowers and walls your dreams still hold,

Came with someone's smile and words The miles behind are gone. * * * I know;

of sympathy and cheer; Perhaps, to tend the spot you held so

This, an angeltouch of softlycurling And always there was time to spare along dear, baby fingers; the little road; Your spirit self at dusk may linger here!

a crystal That, just in moments garden, jewel, was a limpid Long your tear. to loiter if we—Oh,+ + + I will tread softly childish CQ a friend; chanced to meet

For gaiety and laughter, or to ease anFinding me here, you'd know I love them,

Memory, my treasurehouse, built of other's load too golden hours, There was no need for hurry, time These flowers so sweet with memories of

Filled with joy and sorrow, pain and seemed to have no end! you!

rapture, life complete!Time hath bade the passing years to sift * * * But the wide highway is crowded; 111

and blend and mellow Eyes must be straight ahead. An Old Mirror Speaks

the sting from lest Draw each anxious hour bitterness, and We're By Maty Hale Woolsey sweet. the concentrate * * * sped. quickly be too May

Oh, somewhere near are little roads so JTI isknowJune!by the rose in her hand,

the so sweet and narrow By gown that she wears—should

I, the rushing, crowded leave (If we'll but not

The Poplars highway now and then) Who have mirrored them many and many

Where each turning holds a secret, and a year,

By Mary Hale Woolsey who knows but we might meet Know what frocks are worn when

the on row, valley, rowACROSS Our own old carefree spirits on a Little summer is nigh? Road again! It is June! straightly poplars grow Lombardy

Towards the watching sky, But I need not look at the rose,

Like soldiers bold and bravely tall, Nor a gown need my calendar be!

so In handsome uniform all June 'TisByJuneher bylipsthesmilinglight intenderly.her shining eyes. by. gayly marching And

By Mary Hale Woolsey It is June!

mile, valley, mile on the Across a-thrill dreams, with maiden, Sweet of the while dreary bleak winter's andThrough tonight! bluest—they're whispered he what I know

days; goldest her and Longest soldiers bearing Like arms—a so has OOKIES stood me, maid many June's;—Before the tunes; sing merriest birds Her white, blizzards the whirling braved They that face with same her aglow With

plays. that Softest the zephyr night, the waiting through gauntly Or, lovelight.

afloat of whitest the Clouds 'gainst storms. the sentinel Stood

On clearest of azure each day Dream on, of orangeblossoms and lace,

But under skies no longer cold Tallest the grass underfoot, And dream of your tall lover close by

The balmy days of spring unfold, And fairest her flowers so gay. your side!

Earth's miracle remade Greenest the shadowy wood It is June!

And o'er the valley, row on row, Oh, she will be gone all too soon Soon again to my silvered depths shall Our gallant poplars gayly grow—Earth in her loveliest mood turn

Soldiers on dress parade! Welcomes superlative June. The joyhallowed face of a bride.

Touch With Gen. Lew WallaceA

andWith anUnknown By PRESTON NIBLEY

long ago I received a from the enemies'guns seemed toNOTletter from the Editors of be coming from every direction.

the Improvement Era, askNearly all the peach trees were cut ing me to get in touch with a down by shells. However, I stood

close ofbrother named George W. Vogel, my ground and toward

at the Soldier's Home, Sawtelle, day found myself still there, unCalifornia, and that he would have harmed. As the Southern soldiers

an interesting story for me relative withdrew and firing almost ceased, to an incident, during the Civil I turned and saw a few men com

War, in which he figured with ing on horseback out of a wash

IGeneral Lew Wallace, the author behind me. When they rode up

of "Ben Hur."This was about soon noticed that the leader was

general; in a his young manall the information I had, when I a George W. Vogel thirties, yet a and beard he woreset out to find Brother Vogel.

and had the look of a seasoned hid Joseph in his cellar while the officer. if I asked a had He me for him. hunting The was mob Soldier's is a beauti- "THE Home of drink I replied water, that and a of father gave copy Prophet ful place, my lying bemid-way

I had. inquired, he 'Young Then edition the of of the first Booktween Los Angeles Santa and

I prayers?'say your do man, you this a; always and was Mormon,Monica the ocean the on west and

replied, 'Yes, taught mother my inthe possession family. our prized beautiful Santa Monica moun-

I to replied, pray.''Well, me Hetains the north. on veterthe For

been have the watching during youans of our wars, spot earth I no on the drifted west, war A FTER afternoon the below, from wash '**could be pleasant, more in to which finally in settled Colorado. and

I believe that mother's. and your theirspend peaceful declining and I a peculiar Here exvery with met prayers saved today.'you Hedays. For I months many had perience the which changed whole told that shook with me, hands medaily passed their through grounds life. I course of running was my a fighter, intro I was good andand seen had loitering them and a at hotel Walsenburg, Colorado. as duced himself General Lewresting here there and the beneath I the forenoon asked One was by Wallace. treespepper the palms. and The hotel to over to the Levi cook go

old veterans, waiting patiently for Grocery Store for something he the final bugle call; looking for- A BOUT thirtyfive years later I had forgotten to order. The Levi

ward calmly to the last great * was superintendent of a mine, House stood on a corner diagonally change.

I across from was in As my hotel. Southern of Marysvale south

I was not long in locating fine the street look- a very I went to crossing Utah, and one day whenBrother a Vogel; stocky, sturdily a ing suit gentleman with of t,here a postoffice of the was box built man, in his eightynow color, a brownish and brownish opening, for which, me, on bookseighth year; in full possession of hat extended me. approached He I of the be to works found Lewhis faculties despite the burheavy his said, are George and 'You hand he had remembered Howden his of years. sat in Wallace. down We I for Vogel.'scanned William him I or gotten not name, do me my a shady discuss to nook errand. my a 'Yes, that answered, and moment sent they were but himby know, "Yes,"Brother said, Vogel "I is I a to be name.'took him my

I self. to that regret say during enlisted inhad the of summer 1862 as traveling often they came man,

and was sent with the Ohio volunsubsequent years in my moving in from the larger cities. I said,

these precious volumes were around teers I into Kentucky. remember best the of me.'did have 'You He

lost."we crossed the Ohio river on a ponas give his not but name, me we

toon bridge. Near Covington we "How did you come to join the shook hands I never had such a

brushed against the enemy. I 'Mormon'Church?"I asked feeling pass through my body.

found myself with several others, Brother Vogel. "Well, that is an He then spoke, saying, 'I am sent

on General Buckner's plantation, interesting story, too,"he replied. to you by the Master.'He told me

in his peach orchard, firing at the "I was born right near Kirtland, that I had been considerably worSouthern soldiers. Ohio, where the 'Mormons'once ried about my brother John, who

lived. My father, Peter Vogel, at this time was employed by an

TT was a hot fight, all day long was a friend of the Prophet Joseph English whaling company, on the we loaded and fired, and bullets Smith, and on two occasions he different islands of the Behring Sea,

The Improvement Era for June, 1930 543

in the Arctic region. I told him such person was there and no one sights, the Temple, the Tabernacle,

that I had been worried about had ever seen him. I 'phoned and the splendid manner in which

John, and he replied, 'Do not down to Cucharas Junction to Mr. the city was laid out. He put up

worry about him any more; he is Fred Roof, the agent there, but he at the Valley House, that historic

all right, and there is a letter on the had not seen any one answering old hotel which is now nothing way to you from him.'Sure the description. I 'phoned to Mr. but a memory, and gradually, in

enough, three days later I received Foster, on the Apashapa, but he drifting around, madie a few a letter saying he had resigned his had not seen any such person friends. Someone, he has forgotposition with the company and around. ten who, induced him to attend a

that he was on his way to Tacoma, 'There were two trains a day 'Mormon"meeting, and there, to

Washington. running north and back from his great astonishment, he heard

Denver. The conductor and pasexpounded the same doctrines that

sengers ate dinner at my hotel, and he had heard from the mysterious 'THEN the stranger read my past I inquired of them all if any of caller in Walsenburg, Colorado.

to me like a book. He said them had seen such a man as I deFrom that time on, his whole duty

that the destroying angel had tried scribed, but no one had seen him, was clear before him, and he was to take my life on numerous occaand I never saw him again."not long in applying for baptism.

sions, but that I had been spared.

years have a "THIRTYFOUR the time remindedHe me of when TTHEdeepaboveimpressioncircumstanceon Brothermade come and gone since Brother Iat the years age of four had fallen down a well at our old home in Vogel's mind, but he did not Vogel allied himself with the it, and "Mormon"Church, and he is stillOhio, and had been saved by know what to make of climbing into the bucket while my could not satisfy himself with any here with us, ripe in wisdom, exmother drew me out. He related explanation. So he went about perience, and the blessings of the

incidents which had occurred all his daily tasks as heretofore, wonSpirit. He looks calmly forward

through my father's family, giving dering, wondering. Subsequently to the great change, which now

me the names of the dead, and of he sold out his hotel, took a posicannot be so far away, and with a the living, and where they were. tion with the Standard Oil Compleasing hope of meeting the memHe told me about my little sister pany, and was sent to Salt Lake bers of his father's family, and his

Julia, who had died as a child. He City to straighten out some difficulmany friends and relatives, whom

also related to me how my life had ty there. It was his first visit, and he has labored for, according to

been spared on numerous occasions he was greatly interested in the promise, in the temples of the Lord.

during the war. He further said,

'You are a chosen spirit, and your mission on this earth is that youshall be a savior to your father's Heritage household. You will yet go into By M. Jenkins Jones

the temple of the Master, and do a great work for your kindred dead.'V\7E may divide the people of the beautiful flowers and blue sky.

He told me to be prayerful, to this old world of ours into He sees in the crystallike lake the listen to the promptings of the two classes, materialists and idealsmile of the Great Spirit.

spirit and that I would be guided ists. In obeying the laws of Nature,

and directed to Zion. The materialist sees the plain, one is brought closer into the presence of the Holy One. He may be "I became so very much interestcold facts—nothing more. The

ed that I begged my newfound idealist sees the plain, cold facts tempted or ridiculed by his fellittle matters "It lowmen, but and something more. He stopsfriend over to to go hotel and my

it think, but may not materialist man may what I here. A until errand, ranwait and my

that we would have dinner together wander through a garden of roses matters much what God may and talk further. He said, 'Before I and see the roses merely because he think."In obeying the laws of

go, do you wish to ask me anyis passing among them. An idealHeaven we obey the laws of the

thing? If so, I will answer whatist may wander through the same land.

sees roses, the He toever so garden. know.'wish you I was like the us be virgins not not as ET as bits mere roses, but of heaven, I did thatamazed what not know oil did not have enough who

to say, but again requested him to as breaths of God. Each flower for their lamps while awaiting the

step over to my office at the hotel. whispers to him a word of hope, coming of the Bridegroom.

I told him we would eat dinner and faith, and love. And he goes Let us all be idealists; let us be

and visit the whole afternoon. 1 on his way refreshed and inspired. more alert and learn the laws of

then went across the street to the The further he goes the more he Nature and obey them, and let us

Levi Grocery, and in a few minutes sees of the handiwork of the Allearn the laws of the land and obeyreturned and inquired of several mighty—of Nature. The laws of them also. We shall build up for

who had seen us talking together Nature are the thoughts of God. our children a heritage that is

if they knew who the gentleman THE Indian hears the voice of the worth something—a heritage of

was, and where he had gone. No omnipotent in the cool wind, idealism. Teach the children the

one seemed to know. Arriving at in the wash of the water as it dashlaws of the land and their idealism

my hotel, I found he was not there. es over the rocks and in the songs will not allow them to break these

I 'phoned the La Veta Hotel; no of the birds. He sees His touch in laws.

Tke Protection of Adolescents By VALERIA H. PARKER, M. D.

Former President of National Council of Women

terms the scientific the world. of tiny the other years of intenhow know ToTHROUGH beforestudents to garments of medicine ready were available made sive effort in the educational

sciences. the his plans for future hand, other and Through how field, prethe of old many

scientific of talked those were of simple loved development by who inhibitionsjudices toward and for for material before they ever nonsentimental him months disand sex beenthe subject of have consist- a him, into vocabulary saw coming the layman, how his of proportionpersed, and a large the world dignity imporent pain meant and with the and danger for child trainthose responsible for Father, defor anxiety the tance subject of and Mother has been sex the consider are to ceasinging all to help a need understand child the so that him veloped new as essentially degrading,instinct life. special first value in his and facts his concerning learn not own

of, to be spoken notsomething this will All the life"seem naturthose "gift the more of from who in of to only be thoughtand al if already filth has he familthe in of become mire have wallowed secret, realizing are the posand iar the plant with animal obscenity. and and

it cresibility training of toward their parents fields children general and health In the of how peroutletsative and wholesome training grow. the of story training hygiene, of The and mind and instead permitaffections ofsonal

is teller less of importance years character, early than the of and it into undesirable drift toting his attitude of vital as are manner. and of recognized mind childhood

channels. significance. Attitudes, impresWhen these are free from embarAS a result of this changing atsions,during habits,the firstaretwelvefirmlyyearsrootedof rassment,the child, noneprovidingwill behis foundpoint ofin

titude, an increasing number life, and bear largely upon adult view has not already been disof parents are found who have character and habits. How imtorted. Maeterlinck's "Intelligence

prepared themselves to meet their portant, then, that care should be of the Flowers,"his description of opportunity of interpreting the taken to see that the child's first the bridal flight of the queen bee;

facts of reproduction truthfully to impressions of sex should unfold 'The Way Life Begins,"by Verthe young child, of preparing the naturally, that its interpretations non and Bertha Cady; 'The

preadolescent child for the physare given him by those most inThree Gifts of Life,"by Nellie ical changes incident to his coming terested in his character develop- M. Smith; "Plant and Animal

maturity, and of entering into the ment, since his later sex choices and Children; How They Grow,"by

understanding and confidence of habits may be so largely influenced Ellen Torelle, are among the many the unstable adolescent in his thereby. During the preadoles- sources of interesting and inspiring

struggle for emotional and social cent years, the eager questioning material for the story teller.

adjustments, thus insuring a more mind governs a body in which No longer need the adolescent stable understanding and satisfacsex is largely dormant, and the boy or girl pass through the betory attitude toward the alluring child thinks of himself as the crewilderment of physical changes, adventure of his own mating and ated rather than the creator. Then the storms of emotional tension,

homebuilding. The embarrassis the time to acquaint him with the vagaries of sexual attraction,

ing silence, the mysterious postthe wonders of the reproductive fearful, lonely and misunderstood.

ponement, the household myth ofprocess by which the world of Social hygiene supplies wholesome fered formerly to the trustful child plants and flowers renews itself knowledge and understanding who showed a natural interest in each springtime, by which it is which may stimulate a pride in the origin of new life have given peopled always with birds and anideveloping manhood or womanplace to a more truthful and satismals and fishes, by which his own hood; the conscious sublimation of

fying explanation based on scienrace moves on from generation to instinctive and pressing emotions tific fact, clothed in dignified yet generation. through interesting regular and

simple language, conveying someconstructive work as well as in thing of the universality of the TJERE is the period when "Tell wholesome recreational and athprocess by which new life unfolds me a true story"is insistently letic outlets, together with such an from other lives and something heard and no story can be made idealization of the possibilities for of the strength and tenderness of to carry more fascination and indevelopment and happiness which the tie which binds together the terest than the one which tells lie in married love as may bring members of the family. of the tiny egg, no larger than practical results in the protection

the point of a pin, which having of the love instinct, from disas- "C OR too long the vocabulary received its other half of life from trous exploitation or adventuring.

dealing with sex consisted on Father, grew in a safe place in the one hand of the obscenities inMother's body, until in nine 'V'OUTH is the natural period cident to the street and school months'time, nourished through for joy. Here are found great

yard, shocking and yet stimulating her blood, sharing her strength, driving energies, sparkling ideals, to the curiosity of the uninitiated after miraculous changes, his own freedom from full responsibility, victim of the stork story, and on little body was ready to come into keen sense of enjoyment, new pride

The Improvement Era for June, 1930 545

in personal appearance, and yearnCommunity and School Help tragedy and preserve the joy? Here

ing beautiful. for the are Here is our hopeful unfrank task—the the dreams the hapvisions of and derstanding of joy the the need of HP HE school as well as the home

life to the ending story—"and py the and planis commencing to recognize the companionship—the ever happily after."Here, went of ning new delights and outlets importance inand possibility of

too, are the bitter loneliness, the cluding simplified sciences, pracfor youthful energies and interests.

flashing moods of depression, the tical physiology, and physical eduHappy the home to which boys black feeling of being misundercation in the lower schools as well and girls in search of good times stood, the bewilderment over the as the high schools and colleges. may be always sure of a welcome

pull between custom and desire, This means practical aid in meetand a place for their romping and the rebellion at interference with ing personal and social sex probtheir laughter.

developing individuality and lems for the great mass of children There is no truth in the oft against the stupid usualness of life. who pass from the grammar grades repeated statement that the young

How carefully must now be coninto the great industrial world people of today are worse than sidered the needs of this soon passwith its many moral and health those of the former generation. ing child—all unused to his growhazards for those who are wholly They are, however, confronted

ing body with its new attractions unprepared. The church and Sunwith new conditions for which

and desires and its new reactions day Schools are fast recognizing they need a new education and to the outside world. To the their responsibility in replacing preparation if they are to meet

biological and physiological knowlvague and halfunderstood statethem successfully. To summarize

edge, social hygiene now adds a ments concerning "purity"by dithis preparation it must include new rect sex character training. three definite i r s t, From factors—F of the these efforts we to knowledge of the may hope laws of health, knowledgeemotions—anof the appreciationpsychology all

of what is involved in wise choice avert some of those tragedies of including those especially relating of friends and conduct and of how young lives traceable to the failure to manhood and womanhood.

easily the present substitute may of home, church and school to They should have opportunity dazzle one to mar or to destroy recognize the need of and to proto know of the powerful fluids a future, enduring joy. Now comes vide adequate training and guidwhich accumulate in special glands

the need for understanding social ance for a strong and fundamental in early adolescence and, absorbed relationships, pride of face, reinstinct. By such methods we may back into the bloodstream, are responsibility to future generations, hope to bring about a preparasponsible for the rapid changes of

society—forthe relation inof thisthe periodindividualhe mustto tionwhichforwillmatingdecreaseand theparenthoodproporbodyacteristicand ofmindearlywhichadolescence.are a charIt

gather in large part through his tionate number of broken homes is important that parents should own choice, the associations and and the consequent disaster to child understand these changes themimpressions which will mold his life. selves and cultivate both patience

adult years and make or mar them. The licensing and supervision and a sense of humor to carry

The girl who dreams of the of public amusement places and the them through the unstable and fairy prince and frequently misprovision of adequate and wholedifficult period as close companions takes him in her eager watching some opportunities for recreation of the young people who learn for his coming, may, with care, be are of equal importance in premore from example than from stimulated to make herself more venting the misuse of the child's precept. It is hard to see the affecworthy of his coming and to forenatural need of, and in meeting tionate, demonstrative child deswear the gay raiment and debohis overwhelming desire for play part; and the selfopinionated,

nair mien of her dream lover for and emotional outlets. Such group nondemonstrative, reckless young

a reality less romantic, yet more activities as are developed through person sometimes makes us anxdurable for the wear and tear of the BeeHive Girls, the Boy and ious, but it is necessary that he everyday life. The boy whose Girl Scouts, the Camp Fire Girls, should now learn to make his own

eager fancy is attracted by beauty the Woodcraft League and the host choices, and wise that the older arrayed in loveliness, and who of other organizations for youth generation should try to assist by longs impulsively for its complete are of inestimable value in meeting providing knowledge of human possession, can be aided to enrich the social yearnings of boys and relationships and the.possibility

his definition of beauty and to girls. and desirability of emotional condemand it in its fulness. He can trol. Playing with fire in the

be helped to find out that wifeQUITE naturally their eager emotional world is as dangerous hood and motherhood require restless energies demand freas elsewhere. Both the boy and

more than will merely delight the quent and thrilling good times. the girl need to know that the fight

for clean living is girls Boys possible and have sought one andeye senses. the struggle His and bears a relationship another to for joyful adventures since future haprealfor clean is a living and inpiness. the began. world attempt Any

tense combat, once he is launched or repress to to thwart the joy upon it. We must not fail to demand or the urge for friendship THE second necessity for the

give him clear and definite underand admiration from the other protection of adolescence is the standing as to the importance of sex but swells the rebellious tide. provision of outlets for youthful

the victory and to point out the Together, boys and girls will energies.—These are work and

play. Work should be interestingweapons which will aid him as they find their good times—and

and develop unfolding abilities. Itwell as the subtle enemies to be all too often their tragedies—tofeared. gether. Can we not avert the (Continued on page 554)

ut of tKe Burnin

IVY WILLIAMS STONE

Chapter Seven for Pamela's intimate belongings.

"It's like a dream; it doesn't

seem real,"mused Portia, pushing a pile of run down, soiled shoes a nine days'into a far corner of the closet. "Towonder theLtlKEnews spread through think we are twin sisters, and havethe town—Judge Harrison had never slept together before!"

his lostfound daughter! People "It's less of a surprise to me than recall tobegan the occasion of the

replied to you,"Pamela, I've "for inkidnapping. engaged Women all it for about three years. known

it overheated arguments whether see, I Father You knew would lilac a a or beenhad bush snowball

I sometime, so want me conwas shelteredthat the twinbuggy. had tent to wait. has Mother And of hair the the story dyed andThe

I so kind. been her saw nearlyinjured foot skipped from mouth every day. I always And hadto the in losing nothing mouth, Eunice."Aunt

telling. child poor been The had tween a mashie, a niblick, a driver

baldheaded; no, her hair had been and a putter? What do you know

gray malnutrition, from abuse and tennis? about you would What all so sudden,"ILT'S

like the Prisoner of car in a do first put if you were to trying be nice. Chillon: All Portia was really

ten of her toes had been torn and "When you've been the only one, and made to drive it?"

bleeding. Miss Eunice had snatchit makes you feel sort of queer to Pamela sensed that Portia was

ed her from death. The child had find your importance cut in two. flaunting her own superior knowlshown good blood; funny the I don't mean to be selfish, I've just edge, so she hastened to answer

judge hadn't noticed her before never had to divide."with questions of her own.

that graduation night.

to find look you "Where would "The difference between our inthe pampered, would How retorted. she nest?"childhood,"laughed "is a cardinal's Pamela, accept Portia her sister?dulged

Speculation ran high on this point, that you had more than enough of "And what are doty chips? What

for Portia's gay, defiant attitude everything, and I never had enough would you do if a huge kettle of over? boiled And do any one a sorghum thing. I was always talk. Reeves'of Spikewas common

if happen what would little bit you know hungry. I never had its strident roadster,yellow with

horn, had whirled madly along all enough shoes to keep my feet you swept the floor after sunyou many how know I Do dry. can't recall warm and a down?the streets highways, with and

hill? to in a corn drop kernels of I winter's day wasn't when just a hisPortia constant companion.

Consideration for another was little bit cold."Which is better, to shell dried

the vines the or beans, from hang "It different; us it made Portia's to standards.foreign couldn't The

tell the difference rafters? you Can be otherwise,"Portia. addednecessity of sharing would come "We toadstools and between mushalike, look all. that's andhard. You

the distinguish you rooms? Can are serious sensible and bright. and

Harrison intelligence, Father calls cry of a preying hawk? Do you

of babies broods many how it. I the I know flighty. am frivolous and town W:HILE raise year?"in a cardinals gossiped, hatemarveled studying. and women are as differWe

Portia and Pamela entered upon a ent as if we came from separate difficult readjustment. They worlds! What would you do

faced each other across a broad Pamela,"Portia continued with a VJOOD gracious,"cried abyss. This chasm of life, ninetouch of levity, "if you made a Portia, "I'd get zero on all those

teen years in the making, could not hole in one?"questions. You are just like Father.

be bridged by the judge's anHe fires questions at me so fast, I nouncement, "Portia, this is your forget all I ever knew. I guess

long lost sister!"There was no PAMELA glanced in education only means how much

guest chamber, so Portia had to quick alarm at her new sheer silk you know of all you ought to share her room. The closet had to hose. "I'd darn it immediately,"know. I can swim and dance and

be divided, half the dresser drawshe replied. ride. I play golf and bridge and

ers had to be emptied of a strange Portia enjoyed this immensely. tennis, but I couldn't cook a meal

assortment, space had to be made "Do you know the difference beto save me. I've never worked a

The Improvement Era for June, 1930 547

single day; I've never earned one a fatalist. Father will pack me off

penny."to some law school, in spite of all HAVING lived away

"And I,"added Pamela, trying I may do. I wish I might dare from her people, Pamela had a betin her turn to get the point of view tell him I won't go. Where do ter opportunity to observe. Judge

of her sister, "would be a misfit in you get your courage, Pamela?"Harrison had not been able to

your circle. I may learn to play, "From within me,"stated Paplease everybody. There were

disgruntled decihis over I people "I simply. mela what I'll know never forget but how to work.

sions. slohis objected to Some be, train to to I intend wish and days, aching shoulders,Hot poor

or"gan, Respecter "The is no Law for it. to I have own left live my food have indelible an mark.

I will always work."life."Persons."An ambitious young

"Why worry about work?"woundedlawyer, ain Legionnairethe World War,slightlyanqueried Portia in a tone. bored "I his candidacy. nounced tried to Twenty rAMELA a you hadknow hard childhood, serve. years to long please enough was father. she her Anything

it. betterbut forget plenty has Dad needed blood, bench chose new to suited The Echo. do Mother of money. Enjoy yourself now, less leniency, literal interpremore at golf. so played Pamela She And while you may. will fix Mother statutes. tation of Pamela, little with at elusive struck the wildly

thisup room with beds, twin and insight, sensed the keen to danger balls, missed, cadher endangered allpresently will lovely be between father's position. a die. in her could pleasure was She He see no us. a nice Some day will man austere. mixer. poor too was the long He tramps. hot She much marry because you are the you solicit he She not would preferred knew the hikes of huckleberryJudge's daughter."votes, that he paid have see would her no youth. to shocked She was

cultured women haggle over techworkers. He.would not campaign.

nical points in a game and vie for a If peoplewanted his services, they not.FATHER may initiative the at take should the altrivial prize. listening But and byways be judge,"ventured Pamela. polls. little say, to having she was soon

1 Portia a u scornfully. d ghe able to suspicion. confirm her "He'll die office, in fear! never to Harrison Judge ophave an was he'sWhy, married to that court first HarriJudge T at election. the A- ponent approachingroom. one No dare would oprefused son believe to that anyone in candidate the was coming up Apose him! dear girl, the for My dare to would oppose Fihim. party. Democratic would They last twelve years, both parties nally, have believe, to forced when he longer endorse no Harrison. Judgeendorsed his candidacy. It's too muttered contemptuously, 'The

simple for words."She lay arrogant little upstart. Why,

back upon the bed, kicked off he hasn't even cited a case in her shoes and reached for a box point!"

of candy from under the "Portia,"said Pamela pillow. "Wish they were solemnly, toward the end

better,"she commented, of summer, "that war vet- "but my allowance was eran is going to defeat our that near gone."father."

"I heard of a young "Pooh!"answered Porlawyer who thought he tia. "You're a trouble bormight run against Father,"rower. He hasn't a ghost

began Pamela, but Portia of a chance."

was dozing and Pamela "But you are wrong,"thought best not to press persisted Pamela. "Father

the subject. is too stilted. He simply

won't unbend to people.

You and I will have to TiHROUGH the elect him."

summer months the Har- "And how?"queried

rison twins were dined and Portia.

feted. Echo made plans "You will go to yorr

for another bedroom; society friends. Tell them

wanted to order an exall what few people realpensive for Pawardrobe reFather ly know—that she desisted.mela, but "If turned Steve Turner's farm

Portia can put up with me to him, after paying the for three months, all will taxes for nearly thirty be well,"she explained. years. Tell them he never

"I'm going in training as a prosecuted the Turners for nurse in September."kidnapping me. I shall

"I wish I had your go into Crow's Nest, and courage and decision,"latell all the people there. I

mented Portia. "You seem can speak their language. I

so confident. I sulk and shall persuade people to

pout and refuse to study. vote who have never done

but all to no avail. I am "/ come ter marry ye. Curly'so before. It would near548 The Improvement Era for June, 1930

ly kill Father to be defeated."faster, had more people listen to Pamela insisted upon one defi-

"He doesn't need the job,"her than ever before. Her active nite course. No campaigner should

boasted Portia. brain evolved a fantastic tale of disparage her father's youthful op-

"Can't you see it is his life? her father's generosity. He had ponent. She merely wanted peoThat he knows nothing else? He been kind to the man who had ple to vote; to know of her fathlost—go you will do your full of good for evil. She stressed the—rust!would be If into a decline stolen his child. What an example er's twenty years of service.

part, and he is elected, I shall ungreat privilege of the ballot, awakdertake to persuade him to let you ened flagging interest. Women who BUD TURNER, stalchoose your own college."had not voted for years, who spent wart, dark eyed, keenly observant,

"Whoopee!"cried Portia all entheir leisure at bridge tables and said little in the presence of this

thusiasm. "I'll work for that bait. beauty parlors, suddenly found it new, confident Curly. He felt

Spike will help me!"was "quite the thing"to cast a there was no need for speech. Had

ballot. You didn't have to give he not promised his mother he

your real age! would marry her and bring her

Pamela exback to Crow's Nest? But this plained theirWfHENplans to her father, he was no time for love making or

was emphatically opposed. "No Jr AMELA postponed settin'up. Curly's thoughts were

daughter of mine shall pollute her her hospital training until after the centered upon the election. When

maidenly reserve,"he began pomelection. Dr. Locke demurred, that was over, Bud decided he

pously, and suddenly stopped. He fearful lest she never come. "I would go down to town, marry

remembered a similar speech with sort of wanted you in good form Curly and bring her home. She

its quick result. Once he had said, when my boy Dick starts his indidn't need no more larnin'. She

"No daughter of mine shall carry terneship,"he explained. "He's had plenty now. She had better

trays and linens."And here got good stuff in him, Pamela, marry than live in that queer

Pamela had already signed up for even if he is my boy. Girls like smelling hospital where people

training in the hospital. you make wonderful nurses, Pamoaned and screamed and most

"We shall work honestly, openmela. Level headed. No hysterics often died! Et warn't no place

ly, courteously,"explained at the sight of a drop of blood."for his Curly. Reasoning thus, he

Pamela. "The voting public "I will come the day after eleccontented himself by making her

doesn't really know you, Father. tion,"promised Pamela. gifts of early nuts and autumn

Only a very few people do. You Pamela went into Crow's Nest, leaves, and secretly biding the time

are known to the first family setwhere the meaning of election day of his wedding day. She would

tlers and those people who have was scarcely known. Because she be a joy to Cassie, whose eyes were

to come to court. Hundreds of spoke their language, the people getting too weak for the difficult

other voters never saw you. I am listened. She had been one of task of wool spreading.

going to see that the women of the them; knew their privations, their "I'll tell ye, Judge,"volunteered

mountains register and cast their pride, their superstitions. She had the county surveyor, dropping inballot. It's a privilege."no fear of the shaggy haired men to the chambers after court, "that

"That impudent young scamp!"who carried guns. young soldier lawyer had a pretty

spluttered Judge Harrison. "PreShe offered no criticism of their good chance to beat you, if your

sumptuous! Untrained! Not even mode of living. She could lend a girls hadn't a got into it. As 'tis

native born!"hand at the kitchen tasks, could be now, I calculate you'll win. But

"People are sentimental about trusted to watch a pot of bilin'et'll be close; mighty close."

soldiers,"added Pamela. 'They syrup. She could read to starved

will vote for him because he went souls, listen sympathetically to "I cannot reconcile myself to over the top, not because he knows tales of physical miseries, could it,"even to his court house assohis Blackstone!"soothe a fretful child. ciates the judge was frigidly polite.

"Until this queer venture of m* sister's, the Harrison women were J'JUDGE HARRISON Steve turner was always content to remain in their the cause it glad genuinely to sponsor was to sighed. What a comfort homes. daughter Pamela But my

his of had restored willing who the man eager and have a daughter is determined that the mountain to help. One who did not wheedle home. Abe Walters, with unlimpeople, particularly those residing

for money, who never pouted, ited leisure, volunteered to urge in Crow's Nest, shall be educated who knew her own mind; who voting in the more remote dwellto the full meaning of the ballot."

couldn't be cowed. ings, to see that people were regUnder Pamela's systematic manistered. Had not this jedge reagement the two sisters set methodturned the farm to Millie's father? Election day found

ically to work to sell their father Surely they should vote. Cassie the whole town more keenly interto the voting public. To Pamela alternately cried and laughed over ested than they had been for years.

it was serious business. She could the return of Curly, told tales of Other offices faded into insignifinot bear to think of him bowed her dipped hair to Millie's chilcance besides the struggle for diswith defeat. He knew no other dren, related all the details of the trict judge. Why should a newlife. If defeated, he would cease finding of the coal. Millie begcomer, unseasoned and unproven.

to live. He would merely exist. ged forgiveness for thp precious displace one whose decisions had

To Portia, it was an exciting new book she had destroyed, and volalways been unbiased interpretagame. She played more golf, atunteered to name her next daughter tions of the state's statutes? Did

tended more bridge teas, drove Curly. (Continued on page 550)

I. A. WorkerOriginal Y. M. M.

Called Home

erection theJUNIUSfigure in F.the WELLS,Church andnotableespesignedof the andsuperbsupervisedgranite monument

cially in the work of the Muto Joseph Smith and the erection tual Improvement Associations of the memorial cottage on the has passed on. He fell asleep Joseph Smith farm at South

suddenly and as peacefully as Royalton, Vermont, which a tired child in Salt Lake monument and cottage were

City on the morning of dedicated Dec. 23, 1905,

April 15, and one can the onehundredth anniconceive of no mortal versary of the birth of ending more in harthe Prophet.

m o n y with this In 1918 he designworthy man's nated and supervised the ural desires. Nothing erection of the monucould have been more ment in the Salt Lake

distasteful to his acCity cemetery, which tive, alert spirit than was dedicated o n to be bedfast either June 27 of that year for a long or short to the memory of period. Hyrum Smith, brothOf no modern man er of the Prophet,

can it be said with and the Patriarch of better grace that "he the Church. This

went about doing magnificent shaft is an good"than of Junius exact replica, except as

F. Wells. Few men in to size, of the Joseph

the entire community Smith monument at were better acquainted South Royalton.

with Church history and These memorial works doctrine than was he; few so splendidly performed and,

men in the nation were better in the case of the first, accomposted on the trend of world afplished under great difficulties, fairs; and one can hardly conceive stamp him as a man of outstandof a more polished, charming maning faith, devotion and ability.

ner than he possessed. He took deFor nine years he has been an

light in accosting a friend on the Junius F. Wells assistant Church historian and has

street, or visiting him in his home gathered historical data of disor place of business, and he never the Church, as his counselors. This tinctive value.

effected was organization epochal uplifting leavefailed enand to an all years while these During acting Wells, F. Junius Elder by lastimulating varied thought. his in and gaged many the was and appointment, under interested deeply has been he

I. A. bors M. the Y. genesis of M. dear his in read at following the active most was work'T'HE and until that day From movement. services Improve- * funeral heart, were the his to which Mutual

held in the Assembly Hall, Sunhis death, April 15, 1930, Elder ment cause. member an active has been Wells achieveday, 20: outstanding April of his One of the Organization the General of the assisting in plan- F. Junius Wells the young was ments To he four years Associations. For great thepeople of Jesus the of of execution Church ning and

Christ of Latterday Saints owe stood at the head as general presi- M. I. A. Jubilee parade in June,

gratitude and love, for he was the dent, until in 1880 Apostle Wil1925.

was sustained as ford Woodruff life he last the Brigfounder under Prophet to the day of his Up superintendent. their orgeneral glorious of inspiration an of a source Young, and washam

ganization, one of the greatest AsThe organization of the Mutual active participant in the productionsociations of young men for the Improvement work, however, was of the great pageant—-"The Messervice of God in all the world. not the only important undertaksage of the Ages."

On June 10, 1875, there was ing performed by Elder Wells. He The members of the General

organized in the 13th Ward, Salt was active in many Church labors. Boards of the Mutual ImproveLake City, the first Young Men's He filled two missions to Great ment Associations recognize in

Mutual Improvement Association, Britain, one from 1872 to 1875, Junius F. Wells a man of charmwith Henry A. Woolley as presianother in 191921, and during ing personality, outstanding chardent and B. Morris Young and parts of 1875 and 1876 in the acter and sterling worth.

Heber J. Grant, now president of Eastern States. In 1905 he deThese qualities have endeared

550 The Improvement Era for June, 1930

him to us and bound us together'friend, a polished gentleman, a hi bonds of imperishable love and fearless servant of God, true to eveternal fellowship. We know him Junius F. Wells ery trust, loyal to the brethren and

as a faithful and devoted Lattermind was set with precious to the Saints, always willing to day Saint, and a valiant defender HISgems, sacrifice himself for the blessing of of the faith, who never wavered Which when he met a friend, his fellowmen.

rare brilsuch with forth his in of Flashed to the divinity testimony ever his shining example May liancy the mission of Joseph Smith the of live hearts memories in the and tend luster could but Their

Prophet, and the truth of the great To fortify the soul. the youth of Israel whom he loved

work established in response to the so dearly, inspiring them to greatcommand of the Father and of his How we shall miss him I er effort and grander accomplishdignity. gentle His Christ. Jesus Wells'Brother Son in the great work of God his pleasant word, ments genial smile, His

life example ever been have an and years. in the coming friendship that clasp hands of The

inspiration, press us to encouraging Smith, Albert George remain, it long in His the great of forward. memory,stirred. may work MuSuperintendent, General again."this will way He servin tual the Improvement and A. Y. M. M. I. Fox. May not "pass—Ruth his ice of Master our Church and

and people. Ruth May Fox,

We love him and revere his General President, memory as a faithful, loving Y. L. M. I. A.

Out of the Burning, (Continued from page 548) people think Jimmy Harrison had recovery of Pamela, the loss of the need of striking while the iron was a hundred year lease on that office? coal fields, were all subordinated to hot.

Wasn't it time for newer blood, this struggle. He wondered what "And you?"The judge turned

a more youthful slant on life? Did be would do if he really lost? How to Pamela a trifle ironically.

the American Legion think they would he occupy his time? The "Only your benediction as I

could run the town and displace prospect of spending his days at lead my own life,"she answered.

a scion of a first family? Shouldn't home, with only Echo to bow to "I go in training tomorrow."

a man's war sacrifice be rewarded? his decisions, was not inviting.

What a shame to take the office It was characteristic of Portia the exciteaway from Judge Harrison, just that she dashed in with the returns AtjpTER subsided the ment had others and his finally found he had thirty. at tenwhen

retired, still the had judge paced gossip conflictingdaughter. Thus it, anshe Dad,"made "You floor. the library for food had He it all, riot Judgeran through and kiss a moist planting on nounced, thought. defeated his in be To dignified calm, remainedHarrison parprotesting her of cheek each district. really elected be own To reserved. court while heldand He close race! ent. a Neck what "My, a landslide ignored, an by fromballots scratched being and were till rethe ran neck and you both forlorn, district. forgotten Surethe court agog was house whole Nest. turns in Crow's came from Steve ly his paid Turner had obin- refused excitement.with He forgotin got vote that every You ligation. judge a The saw warnhis previousterviews, contending 'em, hole. ten of Seventynine ing. upstart young That had sole hisrecord platform. was sucthe judge Behold Dad. who it nearly over. put rising This excitement, the of peak the At ceeds himself!"generation be considered. must He boxes and lunch with menwhen father, ofas her Pamela, calm to would have unbend. more Mix line, faces, inset waited determined

lucid explanations. fered more people. with Be more human. He a divercreated Silas HogganOld majority "Your elected is seventyfive had been efthe through deappeared, suddenlysion. He

votes, Father."forts of a child to he had whom vote. amanding

"I'm fur thet thar jedge what once refused shelter. Portia would

have her way. She choose would I ever best the homegimme the truth OLOWLY fashionable some finishing school ter worrit hev Don'tknowed. the judge's penetrated to weary learn and seventeen polite French his vittels yonder,"over down I brain. to that understand "Am phrases. She learn would to paint voice old cracked expoundhigh, reelection to Crow's I owe my lakes boats and flowers and useon listen. all "Sure! toed would who I Nest? them, without That was less china, and concoct indigestible likeliest ets ter go, free the butI'm defeated? this Pamela, your was sweets.

I seed. goin'ever backplace I'm is It victory."work. your

whin I'se had a chanct ter vote!"Pamela smiled her gratitude.

Praise from her father was a new TAMELA found the /\S on other momensensation. life of a nurse no easy task. Long

tous occasions Judge Harrison "I now demand that I be perhours of petty routine; trays and

paced his library on election night. mitted to attend a college of my baths, temperatures and linens; hot

The birth of twin daughters, the own choosing!"Portia felt the (Continued on page 554)

Pageant Committee Standing, left to right: Junius F. Wells, Lester Hinchcliff, Anthony C. Lund, A. Hamer Reiser, Leroy Robertson.

Ladies, left to right: Bertha Anderson Kleinman, Charlotte Stewart, Irma Felt Bitner, Ann Nebeker.

Sitting, left to right: Tracy Y. Cannon, W. O. Robinson, Chairman George D. Pyper, Elbert H. Eastmond,

Frank W. Asper.

cMessae of the Ag>es

great pageant, presented There were 30,000 applicaall the theatres in Salt Lake City.THEin the Salt Lake Tabernacle tions for tickets on file when the The "message"itself was

from April 6 to May 5, presentation closed. Apparently marvelous, but even more so was

thirty consecutive nights, was witthe building would have been the spirit which entered into it.

nessed by about 200,000 people. packed for another thirty days. More than fifteen hundred people

Based on prices charged for the The mammoth stage required took part daily in the presentation.

Passion Play at OberAmmergau, 30,000 feet of lumber, enough to Of these 312 were members of the this would have cost the spectators construct three frame houses. Tabernacle choir, 187 made up the

more than half a million dollars. More electricity was used each staff of gate and doorkeepers and

Actually it did not cost them evening than is required to light ushers, 50 were members of the a penny. symphony orchestra

Some who have and 50 were staff seen both presentaand stage directors.

tions have expressed The rest were acthe thought that it tors.

is a compliment to The work of prethe German producsentation and the tion, in spite of its weeks of preparathree hundred years tion which preceded of continuous imit was done gratuprovement, to comitously and gladly.

the two.pare A prominent room Standing ecnon-"Mormon"wasadmission

said: isclesiastic

to approxisued is pageant "This amately thousand people each night, the greatest uplift and many hundreds for Christianity were turned away, that this country disappointed, behas ever seen. All

cause they could of my flock who not get into the Group of M Men who acted as ushers under direction of saw it are now building. Irwin R. Clawson coming to church."

Spiritual Philosophy of Life A

By MILTON BENNION Dean of the School of Education, University of Utah

VII

The Empirical Basis of Moral Ohli&ation

What Is the Empirical Basis of have been made, accumulated, and had they not first been invented,

Man's Moral Obligation to His become available to each new genmanufactured on a commercial

Fellowmen? eration there can be no civilization, scale, and distributed for sale, all

What Is the Nature of This and consequently no opportunity of which involves the labors of

Obligation? for the individual to enjoy its thousands. The next question

How May It Be Fulfilled? benefits. mayhis ownwell laborbe, "Doesto his hefellowmennot give

TTHE eighteenth century type of in exchange for all of these benehas made possible individualism carried over by fits, and thus discharge his obligaWHATthe type of life of the orHerbert Spencer and others into tion to them?"If he does, the

century, nineteenth the could nevis, yes, received has he answer but in a of today dinary man arisen er facts the of have had life's his bebefore labor hismuch civilized progressive, community? consideration. given tory been due gins. therefore, begin must, He livlife of he be might kind What

is indeindividual each an That his life's a great debt with work the for accomplishing were it not obligation pendent unit under no to discharge. ments of his fellowmen since the

as he, to his fellowmen, except civilization? answer of dawn To volition, of assumes his own

first, such What is the Nature of This be question the last it may is, in light obligation of social certainty that even affirmed with benefits of facts, absurd. No one can grow Debt? material the simplest

civilized a in withup community extent the can one measure "M"0 availcivilization be not would being his obligation to out under social his count of nor debt be shelter to able His him. would

all practically for that fellowmen it It is due. the to millions whom the of better of that than some no

is as social a civilized being. he and is limitless practically debt, a and clothing, the unhis animals; wild

lives If a in better he house than is it all to due humanity. The his skins animals; wild of tanned

if his ancestors; did he the enjoys civilization, called of often goods available materials the food, raw

fixtures, conveniences of plumbing social inheritance, rightfully the this nature. he in because All

electricity, gas, telephone, radio, its are to belong humanity. They fire, the use of be without would

automobile, and a hundred other product. Do we owe a debt to of tools, of domesticated plants

and animals; in short, without the material conveniences of today, is Lincoln, Washington, Franklin,

most rudimentary elements of civhe then under no obligation to and Jefferson, to Fulton, Morse, anyone? Some one may answer, Pasteur and Burbank? Yes, to all ilization. In spiritual goods he

has earned worked, "He money, of these, multitudes of othand to be still with more destitute, would paid for all and these things."er individuals as individuals that literature, language, written no

as he have Could has worked he passed possibility have the beyond scientific history, or biography; no earned the and the not had money directly to of our paying them. arts; knowledge; no practical no conditions this for likebeen work contributions Their were to made fine arts; exto appreciate nothing gradually wise developed likewise and passhumanity and so must cept provides nature unwhat ed on to him by his fellowmen? benefit ours be made. from a We of imagination touched by the Furthermore, suppose by some the past the present; and pay we trained enabled mind. has What miracle he otherwise obtained to the present to the futhe back and to escape of today from the man buy, these money to of none conture. received have not only it this Is We situation? not gloomy veniences would be purchasable all benefits civilizathe material of the labors of combined through

his fellowmen through many gention but also our great spiritual inerations? It is in the very nature heritance—highly developed lanof civilization that it is of slow 1 HE nature and ethical signifguages, world literature, mastergrowth, and that this growth tcance of the social inheritance pieces of art and music, free pocomes about only througli the conreferred to briefly in this article, litical institutions, philosophy and

tributions of many individuals and are more fully elaborated in the religion, and whatever else may be social groups, contributions to author's book, "Citizenship/'An named as part of our spiritual posman's welfare that can be passed Introduction to Social Ethics, sessions. If the man of today has

on from one generation to the Chaps. I—VIII, and XIX. a thousand times more knowledge

next. Until such contributions than did his ancestors five centuries

The Improvement Era for June, 1930 553

ago it is not because he is necesand that financial reward should having taken hold of the public sarily more brilliant than they, or always be subordinate to this end. conscience, led to forbidding by

even more industrious, but because This ideal may be more difficult law this form of business. The

he is profiting by what has been to realize in the legal than in some same is true of prostitution, of the done by millions who have gone other professions. The temptasale of narcotics for other than

before him. In this age of rapid tion comes too often to the lawyer strictly medical uses, of gambling

progress he may very quickly profit to sell his services in a bad cause, houses, and exclusive gambling deby the labors of his contempoand, unfortunately, some lawyers vices. All of these have been forms

raries. New discoveries provide yield to this temptation, and so of business yielding profits to their

at once new conveniences, which use their abilities "to make the owners or managers. Yet since

he may use even though he may worse appear the better reason,"to they are not of real service, but, be very ignorant of the principle thwart, instead of to promote juson the contrary, detrimental to involved in these discoveries. Notice, contrary to the ethical standmankind, conduct of any of these

table examples may be cited from ards of their profession. This sitforms of business is made a crime.

the field of medicine and surgery. uation, however, at once suggests

great nonmedical to theThe honor lawyer man ordinarily business is conwho EGITIMATEwisely strictly to the makes no pretense standards of unlives up peoto cerned with delivering derstanding exactly how the mediof his profession. There are such. ple real values in response to their

cine prescribed for him operates The principles of moral obligalegitimate desires. Is not this true

toward curing him; nor does he tion here applied to professional of "the butcher, the baker, and the

attempt to decide, without medimen also applies to business and candle stick maker,"of the dealcal advice, whether or not he industry. The primary object of ers in fuel, in electrical appliances,

should undergo an operation or any business or industry is servin plumbing fixtures, or what not how the operation should be perice to fellowmen. On no other that may and do contribute to huformed. the contrary, his part On as Businesses welfare? such grounds can it be justified. man

faithis to have in the science of require others these and manymedicine to and for have done a as establishments manufacturing is not to hear TT uncommon the besthim what experts advise. * in basis prothe of supply. Thus men, young and sometimes thisIn age thousands lives are of cess of needs thoumeeting human ask various about young women,thus saved. these a Do men owe inservice sands of of forms come business of forms with primarydebt scientists to to the and medithese being. of to of forms Each reference to possibility the their ofcal profession? one Some may offers service to opportunities men use as of means abnormalmakingsay, "Yes, but they pay the debt fulfil, in to and meassome women is profits. large ly specificalThis fullin is before the matter finally ure, their to obligations moral case ly the respect to sothe with settled."they? mere Can Do their obligafellow-men. These called "selling the game,"where for themoney pay life? saving a of as are tions discharged sometimes "getrich-quick"individual may Is the not debt deeper and more inof the owners and managers sell be looking a for to commission

itfundamental? call for Does not it business; cases in or dustry more is in there something "a which lifeusing that that restored and is as the agent employee an or of its graft."this big In worst formshealth strength in and servreturn case business. industry or In any is in tendency business manifestedice to humanity? knowledge The the the both employee and owner in selling in stocks various proskill theand utilized in a saving see spiritual should the purpose salesschemes in the motion whichlife are the not or product the pos- a the underlying purpose work, gets a large cash comman downsession of one man, however gives sigdignity which moral and mission while gets the purchasereminent he be. individmay The nificance to otherwise what might often a to turns out be whatual physician, too, profits the by be mere drudgery. it piece worthless paper; of maylabors of others. personally He be beautifully engraved, othbut be adequatelymay paid the by erwise neither useornamental nor attitude point of view and HTHISfinancially wellto-do patient, but

ful. If is of business this kind not easily acperhaps be more may that is not the end of the obligajudged to be a violation of one of quired in the professions having to tion for either the patient or the

it is, at do with the nonproductive formsphysician. As a licensed physician the Ten Commandments,

any rate a gross violation of the of service. Since, in such cases, thehe is morally obligated to give the

standards of ethics as here conservice products are of the thembest service within his to power are, the ceived. These however, it selves spiritual is easier for the his patient, irrespective of the ability or the inability of the patient abnormalities of business. It is to worker to see the spiritual values

to pay. This is not an ethereal or forestall such business practices in the whole process. Yet there

impossible ideal. It is part of the that our "blue sky"laws have are those in the professions, includcode of ethics of the medical probeen enacted. It should be noted ing even the profession of teachfession and is often realized in that not only does the standard ing, whose primary concern is with

medical practice. of morals require service as the prithe financial reward they can get

mary consideration, but so also do out of it. The writer is not obthe laws of progressive states. It jecting to adequate financial reOlMILAR illustrations might be is not long since saloons for the wards to members of the profesdrawn from other professions sale of liquors were licensed by sions, including teaching. It does,

to illustrate the point that it is the civil authority to do a business however, seem like prostitution of primary business of each and evnow publicly regarded as detrithese professions to make financial ery profession to serve fellowmen, mental to humanity. This fact, returns the primary consideration.

554 The Improvement Era for June, 1930

What, If Any, Are the Limits Putting the same thought in of character must lose himself in of Moral Obligation? terms of modern ethics, it may be the service of mankind; thus only

said: can he become a great moral char-

'"FHERE is no limit except that acter; thus only can he realize the

set by nature to the power and He that would attain perfection highest spiritual life.

the opportunities of the individual to serve. Is the individual then

to starve or ruin his health through privations in order to discharge his todebt because he humanity? No, The Protection of Adolescents greatest give his bestcannot and

service by this method. He should (Continued from page 545)

take a longrange view of his obligations. This will require that should not be so difficult nor the stant quarreling in the home will

aidhe spend the major portion of his hours so long as to injure the not help them. We may growing body. Good times are them in understanding that duringchildhood and youth in building

a years, necessity are adolescent one comthe and enhanced when his service;up of in powers that

qualities girls to those gather are both boys sharing mences and life securemature the he nourishtheir or Plenty them. opportunities of for mar which make may rest, recreation necesment, and meet, girl later on. boy and of homes companionships To ownsary his to service keep of powers love, in fall sort to the right to and suddenly be should provided,

their at best, as to intheir both is after live fairyland ever in preferably each others happily homestensity their duration and through life. prein to groups. But public and amusehuman Any—notthe period a of normal working for great the constructively pare places ment foster to known lowlifetime. can render the he Thus love of parenthood adventure and standards to and lax permit congreatest total service of to husum is likely the to foundbring about duct be avoided. shouldmanity. likeare people not Most will weathof that ing more homes

ly voluntarily to deprive themLast and most important, our er the stress and strain of modern selves unduly of the necessities of young people must be given high life. This after all should be the

life for the sake of social service. ideals as to the meaning of the great end and aim of our protecMultitudes, however, dissipate and family relationships and home tion of they may adolescence—that their physicalsquander both and building. their of The example a torch bear to brightly flaming

mental in self powers indulgence parents will influence this—conthe next generation! greatly and thus their diminish

powers of service to others, to say nothing of starving out the disposition to do so. In so behaving

of these people feelmany have the Out of the Burning it is ing that their privilege thus to indulge if they choose to do so. (Continued from page 550)

They are wholly unmindful of the great debt they of necessity owe to packs and cold packs. The eleinations. The close supervision;

their fellows, and of the fact that ment of suspense ever present. the long hours; the lack of recreathey themselves are really defraudDoctors'set, white faces; the strugtion. Often during those three

ers of mankind. gle against death, supremacy of years Pamela thought of her sister

science over disease; complaints Portia. A star boarder in an ex-

F\OES fulfilment of moral obliand moans. She early learned to clusive school, learning superficial

gation as here conceived indistinguish between the stoical sinothings, growing prettier and volve sacrificing the individual to lence of genuine sufferers and the more polished, spending long vahumanity as a whole? No, the infretful wails of the near sick. Long cations in idleness. But Pamela

dividual can himself rise to the hours and aching feet. Maddenhad Dr. Locke's cheery smile, his

highest type of personality only ing repetition of insignificant dehumorous banter, his never failing by losing himself as a separate, selftails. The strength of near mothfaith. He gave you confidence in

centered individual, losing this ers, the miracle of birth. The tiny yourself. And there was Dr. Dick,

narrow, inward looking self in the mites of humanity, individualistic his son. With the straightfor-

service of mankind; this is the with their first breath. The diet ward eyes and contagious smile.

meaning of love of fellowmen kitchen. Here Pamela learned the The nurses nicknamed him "The

and of goodwill toward mankind. reasons for the unsightly risings Shadow,"because he was always

It is the most basic and essential which marred so many of the in attendance upon his father. If

element in moral character, and is mountaineers. No wonder! Homyou wanted the one, you looked

primarily responsible for developiny, dried beans, fatty pork, macafor both!

ing all the truly great men and roni, rice, Johnny cake! Pamela

women known to history. The shuddered and increased her own

principle is stated in striking form consumption green of food. these The TiHROUGH the great master Teacher:by its ignorant, poor, for clinic, with had daily need years Pamela

life will whosoever shall save his "For the early endurance operating eager mothers. which power of The lose shall but his whosoever

in- a thread. privation taught; and an life rooms, had by where life hung for gospel's, sake lose'the and the same myit;

shall save it."* The classes and lectures; the queer ner urge prompted her resolve. She

*Mark 8:35. anatomical names, the rigid exam- (Continued on page 562)

Briber's Indian Wife Dies By CARTER E. GRANT

This is the seventh of a series of frontier narratives written by Carter E. Grant, Principal of the Jordan Seminary,—The Editors

dians, Salt learned that the his the close of the death,""valley into the of he soon menBEFORE alert little exceedingly the offering but reward was mind and the savage Lake rendezvous on

Weber, 1826, as we have at detecting the slightest crook in satisfaction of having been there already learned, Jim Bridger had a trade or deceit in trifles; hence, or having seen it. Thus he became

proved himself a formidable Inby his accuracy in dealing with not only a trapper but a discoverer dian fighter. After his discovery them he received a reputation and explorer as well.

of the Salt Lake in 1824, he steadamong them for justice. It seems

ily forged ahead, but due to his peculiar that the tribes who fought lS we learned in our"tender years,"being but twenty him one day would on the next Aj when he first saw the Inland Sea, come smoking the pipe of peace last article, General Ashley, having he found that "breakingin"with and offer to trade. If any excepreceived an independent fortune

the group of financial promoters tion occurred to this rule, it lay from the beaver chase, sold his was a bit slow; for Jim possessed with the crafty and treacherous trapping interests to Jedediah

neither education nor money, while Blackfeet with whom few white Smith, Fitzpatrick and Jackson the "headlodgers,"such as Genmen could remain on terms of signing the papers July 26, 1826, eral Ashley, Jedediah S. Smith, peace. Seemingly Bridger was able by "the Grand Lake beyond the

Fitzpatrick, Sublette and the othnot only to interpret the savage's Rockies,"and moved to St. Louis,

ers, had both. tongue, but his wily mind as well. leaving the mountains forever. He

History tells us that while Jim It is said he could detect the very did, nevertheless, return to the was still a blacksmith at St. Louis, first signs of counterfeit friendSweetwater the next year with a

before joining Ashley's men in his ship or duplicity; accordingly he great train of supplies for the trapeighteenth year, he had become exnever failed at cutting the fuse pers. It was this year, 1827, that

pert with the rifle; and now, after when it first sparked, thereby esAshley sent a wheeled cannon to

four years of constant practice, it caping the scalping knife which he the Salt Lake rendezvous, it being is stated, he drew a deadly aim often saw reach the hair of his less the first wheeled vehicle to enter with gun and pistol. He had besagacious companions. the Rockies. Some writers have

come an obedient soldier, but when erroneously sent this famous "four placed upon his own resources, be- 1 Jim, the mounpounder"to Utah Lake, but we came a fearless antagonist, crafty tains, from first to last, possessed know now that there was no fort the that on and Utah Lake rare stirerectedat out- a warfare, and was seldom attraction—constantly remained cannon west of Ogden, ring up his curiosity. Havinggeneraled in the wilderness. This

sort of halfbrother to the red gained the summit of one lofty Ashley coming, because of sickr man came to be known as their ridge, he just as eagerly sought the ness, only as far as the Sweetwater.

fiercest foe in a conflict, but their mystery lying beyond the next. It In a letter to General A. Mocomb,

staunchest friend in peace. Setting seems that this inborn inquisitivehe says, "In the month of March,

aside all differences with his mounness for nature's wild abodes be1827, I fitted out a party of 60 tain neighbors, Jim married freely came Jim's dynamo, converting men, mounted a piece of artillery of their maidens, and at one time the unknown into the known, (a fourpounder) on a carriage was proclaimed the "Blanket fairly driving him at the head of which was drawn by two mules;

Chief"of the Crow Nation. the party marched to or near the

Grand Salt Lake beyond the Rocky there remaining one ago,'Mountains, generations many NcOT month, stopped on their way back encircled with JrOR a period of twenwhere you now sit, tythree years, 18241847, until all that exalts and embellishes c/u- fifteen days, and returned to Lex- * * * life, ilized lived loved and in thethe western part of Miscoming of the "Mormons,"* ington * * race beings. of souri in September, the otherno where mountainman among the another blaze Here the beamed on wigwam

many hundreds, if not thousands, the tender and helpless. * * * party was met with everything

visiting the Rockies, possessed the Here they worshiped; and from necessary for another expedition,

confidence of as many Indian tribes many a dark bosom went up a and did return, using the same as did Bridger. The Flatheads, fervent prayer to the Great Spirit. horses and mules, to the mountains

Snakes and Utes, and possibly the He had not written his laws for by the last of November in the

Blackfeet as well gave him wives. them on tables of stone, but he same year."Thus has Doctor Hale

Some writers claim, however, that had traced them on the tables of cleared up part of the mystery ofalthough he had several wives, he their hearts.—"The Indians,"by the cannon, but as to just when

did not have more than one at a Charles Sprague. or where it was used, we are still

time. Being so intimate with Inat a loss.

556 The Improvement Era for June, 1930 top of some of the packs were perched several halfbreed children, perfect little imps, with wild black eyes glaring from among elf locks.

These, I was told were children of the trappers; pledges of love

from their squaw spouses in the wilderness."

r ARKMAN, also, in the "Oregon Trail"speaking of these mountain trappers says, They soon camped by our side.

Their rifles, dingy and battered with hard service, rested with ours against the old tree; their strong

rude saddles, their buffalo robes, their traps and their few rough and simple articles of their traveling equipment were piled near our tent. Their mountain horses turned

to graze in the meadows among our own; and the men themselves,

no less rough and hardy, used to lie half the day in the shade of (Illustration by courtesy Union Pacific R. R.) our trees, lolling on the grass, lazIt was around this lake in the Jackson Hole country that Jim ily smoking, and telling stories of

with his Indian wife "pursued the beaver with feverish anxiety, their adventures; and I defy the

surviving on trails where others perished."annals of chivalry to furnish the

record of a life more wild and

WiE are told that when ticallynearly everyevery summitvalley, ofandtheclimbedentire perilousMountain thantrapper."that of a Rocky

General Ashley left the mounwest. Through Bridger's keen obOne of Bridger's wives, suptains, that Jim was pinched with servation, seemingly a gift of his, posed to be his first, at least the

a gnawing homesickness, for the wilderness was stamped, mapfirst one bearing him children of which we cannot blame him; think like, upon his mind, and he came record, was the daughter of a Flatof it, four years on the frontier to possess an unerring talent for head chief. Her children were

leading the life of a trapper week knowing routes and places; moreFelix and Josephine, both of

after week, year after year, heat, over, it is declared, that he knew whom were sent to school at St.

cold, hail or rain. Here he found boulders and trees as cattlemen Louis. After the Civil War broke

no abodes of shelter except his own nowadays know brands and steers. out, Felix enlisted, 1863, in Comlodge or those of his mountain Before the "Mormon"pioneers pany L, Second Missouri Artillery,

friends. Little wonder that he came flocking by the thousands to under General Totten. With the

soon led a darkeyed damsel of the the mountains, Bridger had beclose of the struggle he joined

Rockies to his camp, bestowing come as wild and rugged as the Colonel Custer in some of his Inupon her the honor of becoming mountains among which he lived. dian campaigns, but was not preshis "lodge supervisor."We are As most of his men possessed Inent when Custer and his two huntold that these dusky maids hondian women and children, they in dred twelve men were butchered

ored their white chiefs, reverenctrue Indian fashion carried with by the Sioux. Felix died on the

ing them as their lords, performthem all their belongings, wife, Bridger farm, Missouri, 1876.

ing all the camp duties that the lodge, children, trapping outfits, The mother of these two children trapper had heretofore accepted as horses, etc. In Washington Irvtook sick at Fort Bridger and died,

his lot. ing's "Captain Bonneville"we get 1846, the year before the "Mor-

a splendid view of Bridger and mon"pioneers reached the mounsome of his companions,."We retains. These halfbreeds at that

ITH Ashley gone, member to have seen them with time were about eight and ten reBridger and Wa large group of men their band passing through a skirt spectively. The mother was buried

the tribe in royal Indian fashturned energetically and rather of woodland,—their long cavalby

fruitfully, toward the free trapcade stretching for nearly a half a ion. Of such a death Parkman

ping trade; thus they entered the mile. Sublette still wore his arm writes, "A complete stillness sucterritory of the Utes, Bannock, and in a sling. (He was wounded in ceeded;—then the Indians raised

many a hornetnest of Blackfeet; a fight in Pierre Hole, July 18, in concert their cries of lamentaonward they pushed through Crow 1832.) The mountaineers in their tion over the corpse, and among

and Gros Ventre hunting grounds, rude hunting dresses, armed with them Shaw, the white visitor, pursuing the beaver with feverish rifles and roughly mounted, and clearly distinguished those strange anxiety, surviving on trails where leading their pack horses down a sounds resembling the word 'Halothers perished, and so broad was hill of the forest, looked like banlelujah—Hallelujah,'which, totheir course that they visited pracditti returning with plunder. On gether with some other accidental

The Improvement Era for June, 1930 557

coincidences has given rise to the absurd notion that the Indians are descended from the ten lost tribes of Israel."

When the time for burial arrived, all the relatives of the dead woman brought forth presents, which, even to her horse, were buried by her side, after which ihe Indians mourned many days.

Naturally believers in the Book of Mormon will not view these as "accidental coincidences."Parkman writes further: "Thus they

passed the greater part of the night.

At times the fire would subside into a heap of embers, until the dark figures seated around it were scarcely visible; then a squaw

would drop upon it a piece of buffalo-fat, and a bright flame, instantly springing up, would reveal the crowd of wild faces."

To complete the ceremony, came the feasts, and, soon a nice group of wellgrown plump dogs lay be- (Illustration by courtesy Union Pacific R. R-)

fore the chief's fire, for him and Felix and Josephine with their mother, a daughter of a Flathead his guests, while the other savages Chief, trailed Weber Canyon with Jim Bridger long before the Iron prepared their own kettles, someHorse or power plants were dreamed of in the West, times scantily supplied. When

all was ready at the chief's tent, thicket near a spring and had come sudhad killed and scalped three Ree lying as Glass old though upon ceredenly the begin Indian squaw toan Indians not nights before, so many a dead, knife hunting with bloody of the fuzzy one hammeredmony bestaying alone with a dying man far carlay the side him. away Not

quadrupeds over the head, at least cass of a grizzly bear. The old man's was no enviable job. Then, too,

until the yelping ceased, then grabface was 'all scraped off,'as Bridger put it was learned that the Indians it. It evident that the old hunter was leg, it a quicklybing hind by were near and at any moment surprise been taken not had by and

it fro to through andswung place. their discover hiding 'set his able the hadbeen to trigger,'the might for

blaze singeing the hair off, or the gun was still loaded and the great gashes Finally the older man, a Frenchgreater part of it, and before it had in the bear's neck, chest and belly showed Canadian, fully sensing their danfought. had Doubtless Hugh how its blisteredceased kicking dropped he ger, saddled up his horse and also to spring, at had dismounted drink the she her side while combody by Glass's. his terrified horse, grizzly and the by

pleted the customary rites for the had bolted. 'We tried to put him on a

horse,'said severalothers. 'but Bridger, done, screamed, he squaws This the to Returning didn't he to though seem nothing; know their knives soonunsheathed and written read: account we so said Fritz stay he'd and the old with piecesthe dripping of flesh were

I while rode the to give back man you at debody, impatient the main "The pot. conthe boilingin Parkman word.'lay, struck for the Yellowstone. out

tinues, "As a dogfeast is the "It was, of course, impractical to luck still followed Henry and Ashley.Ill

greatest compliment a red man can move the whole party on to the forks at A large war party thought to be Gros late that the hour, so sent major the two Ventres swooped men. upon down guest;offer and, his to knowing

to Bridger back over with watch men the fight brisk that During followed, four eating to refuse bethat would until Glass body come the main should killed trappers several were horses and an affront, we attacked the little up next day. It was commonly believed were wounded.

dogs, devouring them before the in camp that night that the old man "During the evening of the day of the lefteyes of their unconscious parents."wasrived 'doneat thefor,forksbutnextwhenmorning,the partyhe wasarbattle,to watchtheovertwooldmenGlass,whorodehadintobeencamp,

still living, though unconscious. What and the saddle of the horse they led

I HAVE previously shouldmove himbe; done?and certainlyIt wasthe impossibletwo hundredto atwastheempty.forks fourTheydays;said theythen hadthe remainedold man

mentioned that Hugh Glass was men could not be delayed indefinitely had 'gone under'and had been decently decided one whether or not man he 'juried. all 'fixin's'his had brought I while They killed grizzly,almost and by a

die. to going Finally was two men them, with iway gun, including blanket, later. to relate story thepromised offer the liberal were a induced by of knife, powderhorn, steel. and flint and

I shall quote to from Howe's Henry remain reward with the wounded man story they occasioned brought The no book, "Historical Collections of until he could be placed on a horse surprise. Many spoke kindly of the dead

the Great West,"also from Neior under the ground."that night, remembering much good of

the graybearded old cool hehardt, Splendid Wayfaring,""The It is stated rather reliable on hunter—howfight, in the been had the droll Ree things

storiesusing their without said he such occasions, had and on such further authority that the of the younger reference. of strength he had performed when Henry Major men left by was the featsa keelboat a had bar, grounded on and then Jim, but eighteen lesser matters as many such make men "Bridget'and Fitzpatrick, while ridblacksmith

ing nfar the forks of the river two hours years of age. As this was near the love men.

since, had pushed through a mulberry spot where Jed Smith and Baptiste (Continued from page 563)

Musings and Reminiscences on the Life of Heber C. Kimball

By His Daughter ALICE K. SMITH

"A prince and a great man has ever saw. I have watched him

this day passed from among us; come down the hill on North

tike a babe falling into a gentle Main Street and in my childish slumber, he passed away. It was mind it seemed that he filled the

a scene of victory and triumph. whole sidewalk. In my mind's eye

What a host of faithful ones have he has always appeared to me as awaited his arrival in the spirit he was so beautifully described world. Will it not be home to many years after his death by his

him when he meets those bright grandson, Apostle Orson F. Whitones with whom he had labored so ney:

long and so familiarly, and who "He was a singular compound, in his knew his guileless simplicity, his nature, of courage and timidity, of weaktruthfulness, his unshrinking faith, ness and strength, uniting a penchant for his integrity and worth?"andmirtha blendingwith a pronenessof the lionliketo melancholy,qualities

of a leader among men with the bashful- a child. ness simplicity of lamblike and C. Kimball was Heber

a braver a coward; not was "He man

in a Deseret NewsTHUSeulogized lived never C. probably Kimthan Heber

editorial on the day he passball. His courage, however, was not of

ed away, June 22nd, 1868, just thatfear.'questionableRather waskindit whichof that'knowssuperiorno

sixtyseven years and eight days order, that Ch'ristlike bravery, which after the day of his birth. The feels danger yet dares to face it. He had

all the sensitiveness he of the true and reflects the calmeditorial poet—for

his a both prophet a poet from and was.The Kimball. C. Hebernature of birthinherited by womb—and was mother's world"other that ofexistence feel suffer the right pleasure or to power

this. as was actual to as himjust pain "in all its 'exquisiteness and intenac- sity.'he which literalness withThe

cepted the words of the Master did not rob them of any depth nor ]>ROTHER WHITNEY further to added but meaning, spiritual Heber C. Kimball describes him as being, He of fact. full force them the

"Tall frame, powerful with of and a but philosopher, a only notwas trials, journeyings and read their that to black eyes acpiercing seemed beseer. a "He that and prophet before searching through, whose one and of him, is a history complishments were he though the me, guilty gaze could choose not but lieveth on the Church forsook never for he

a stateliness quail. with and that He moved live, he and shall he yet dead, once friends, he nor did his nor a all his majesty own. humble was He shall believeth on me liveth and in his integrity, whether in less waiver in his humility, and than no man

never die."the midst of persecution or proskingly stature, consisted his dignity, andhis

perity. Brigham Young said of no small share of his greatness. It was

earnestness, simplicity, intelligence, his stood C. never trembled, KIMBALL knees "His him,HEBER to faith integrity sublime unwavering and in Young Brigham next to never shook."As a piohis hands principle not the that him great, made

seniority in the original quorum of neer and colonizer of the great apparel he wore, nor the mortal chy in the twelve when it was reorganized west, he stood second only to which his spirit was clothed. Nevertheless, presence nature given a noble had him its members, age of to the according The Young. President Brigham

flesh, the stature in the of godlike worthy youngdays fourteen suited he being just versatility of his nature * * * spirit. him his

er than President Young; and preeminently for that period in our "His temperament was religious and

when the latter became president of history when the desert had to be poetical. Sociable as he was and even

his times, over at with mirth as chosen Heber was the Church, and the foundation of an bubbling subdued cast. essentially soul of a was gloomy is inname His counselor. first his laid. empire * * * a in rough, the diamond was He

this of the history with terlinked a nevertheless. Unlettered but diamond

organization almost from its in- T WAS only a child when Heber and untaught, save in nature's school, the great university an he of experience, the to where was passed Kimball * C. Church's the name ception, even as

f possessed scholar, apt he and profound was soul went heart and o beyond, the historv is my with interlinked a genius intuition, of marvelous Godreverence. in love and to of out him development and pioneering the at given, kindling needed which no

Utah and the great west. Thereand I almost worshiped him. He college shrine to prepare it for the worka

fore, the history of his people. seemed to me the biggest man I which providence had designed. Not but

The Improvement Era for June, 1930 559

the polished gem, haveeducation would girls little feet of the two the well day I remember when XJ OW it the natural shine with tocausing what see they could that would anyone funeral! the proof As the the lustre; a brighter buteye deem would

It finally all? at dawned not do the for to leave cession about as was Kimball, C. thatfact Heber remains

he was, not as he might have been, was upon me that had he, in the first tabernacle, the rain was coming purpose, the divinebest for finaladapted shoes that the the place, given us in in torrents. draping The down

the finger for outcareer him by marked pleased been ly have us would we black, the in the building was allof Deity."afte* greatly disappointed. But coffin in the elevated aisle and was

our first shock we went away hapwas covered with a black pall.

impressions lasting contented."X/fANY a wonIt was and were py

litOne beautiful scene connected lesson mind through derful he taught * made us two upon my little incidents which set my childtle girls who were then too young with the event helped to assuage ish mind to working. When my to comprehend its meaning. He our grief and seemed to betoken to

father prayed to his Eternal Father, must have known that the day our lonely hearts that even though he told him of his plans, his worwould come when we would unhe were dead we would meet him ries, his. joys, and his sorrows. He derstand. He gave us the best he again. Apostle Whitney describes

talked with him as a son to an had and through his wonderful this beautiful scene:

earthly father in whom he had understanding made us happy. "And now occurred a remarkgreat love and confidence, not as able, though purely natural, phesome being far off on another nomenon. As the first clods of

planet. On one occasion at family "COLLOWING an accident, the earth fell upon the coffin, the setprayers when it seemed to me he direct cause of his death which ting sun burst forth from his

was unusually earnest and was occurred a few weeks later, he sent cloudy covering, shedding a golden supplicating his Father for some for his children to meet him at his halo of glory upon the scene, while especial blessing or favor, I was so headquarters (the "Big House,"as instantaneously in the eastern horiimpressed that I peeked carefully we used to call it) on North Main, zon appeared a rainbow, the bright around to see if his Father stood for he wished to talk to them. I and beauteous token of promise,

there before him. I was disapwas too young to remember the directly spanning the grave. It was

pointed, for it seemed he must be language he used or exactly what no illusion; and as the last partithere. This made a deep impreshe said, but this is the impression cles of mother earth were gathered

sion upon my mind, for all that was made upon my mind: He above the still bosom that slept

through my childhood days, my did not expect to be with us long, below, the rainbow dissolved."

youth, my mature life, my Father and was going to heaven, where he beautiful white build homes far would so been in away not has Heaven I as the nearing now am A ND impression his family. for That to I appeal him could me. from * 1 the of the end way, twilight always has stayed and with full love me of as father a was who life this in of beautiful world, my this day, until that so vivid been children. his for compassionand after varied experiences three of

I beautiful white a pass when is score ten, years heart and my as I see father he can house, my filled years sister praise Sarah to gratitude with was two andTyfY ago, long that so day looked on * A day Father for one the above than and younger me my many I I recall bepicture the which and blessings father small, that very been mine. were have wewhen of the in imagination held my his where storehouse to us took I feel all soul that with beautiful white which homes my my shoes, supplies drygoods of kept he the us. comes, for build when father summons would "My

and whatnot for his family. He child, this night I require thy soul,

was going to give us each a pair of Shortly after this my mother thy mortal life is at an end,"and shoes. Like all little girls we went was taken seriously ill. I remem- I have passed the portals, that I

of prospect sat the off as delighted her with father day, ber one by will earthly father meet again my shoes. pretty debedside, very new seemed some he having much a tender loving with embrace, and

table a us his placed head or pressed. Father on and bowed He as just eventually to meet I hope shoes. off old cheeks. his our took coursed counter, the tears and down

at the of Father end my Heavenly shelf a that a premonition two he Perhaps took from had He down

I hear them pairs of old ladies'shoes. I can he was about to leave us and his the road. In my mind

see them now, low topped, wide heart ached for the widows and both say, "My daughter, you have soles, low heels. He put them on fatherless. I stood near, watching passed through tribulations, and

our feet, laced them up and tied him and witnessing his grief, and have been true and faithful. Welthem, then told us to walk. We my heart went out to him in such come home!"And now, as I

were horrified. I kept a stiff uplove and yearning that I could await the final call, when the Lord

per lip but I saw that Sarah was scarcely control myself, and I rewants me, the greatest desire of my weakening. Father gave one of solved in my heart that I would heart, above health, wealth, posihis characteristic laughs, sat us up always try to honor his name. tion and all else besides, is that my

on the table again and took them When he got up to leave, he put children will be true and faithful off. Then he put on our feet some his arms around me and with love to the Gospel, and that when they

his to pressed shoes tenderness that were but pretanything and me pass from this world of action if near he somewhere they came bosom. knew ty, but I wondered

fitting us, and we went home rewhat I was thinking. Just a day they will merit the meeting with

is joicing. This puzzled me for a or two after this he was stricken their earthly father agaim who

long time. Why should my father with paralysis, the final result of indeed a prince of the most High

who seemed to know everything his accident, and from this he God, and he will welcome them take the time to put such shoes on never recovered. home with joy and satisfaction.

Vital Problems Confront Us

"God give us men. The time demands strong

minds, great hearts, true faith and willing hands. >>

Improvement ing its cigarets would keep a woman from to furnish such brief reports upon the it that getting overweight. It admitted beiorv boys, their behavior of work and

tes.imonia';s didMUTUALworkers must be doers. printed from after people who and the use beginning of tobacco.

It at all. its cigarets admitted use not of Because in loss represent of what they is their keyword. Action

it that people tes.imonhls printed from potential these a reports bear manhood, particular we time whenAt this write not tnem. did not on.y but pitiful significance; says who Dr. and O'Shea

turn in faith and hope to the new never s.w them. It admitted that it of them:

century of "Mormonism,"the call paid for testimonials from a group of 'One cannot go over the reports from effect to these that the the use of these six schools hundred two without to us to throwcomes fit the full actressescigarets slender and kept them the is for forming conviction that tobacco ofstrength our young manhood actresses the were their work, not though directly either or indirectly playing and womanhood into the fight cigaret smokers at all."Christian Advotragic role in the high school. There isa

against evil. cate. Northwestern Edition, February 13, no evidence of bias or prejudice in the

At the meeting of M. I. A. 1930. returnsrate thefromprincipalsmost of theseand schools;faculties at wereany

officers held during the Centennial "Ignorance and Narcotics tend to aware of the danger that preconceived noConference of the Church, the folstandardize,'we ken and defeat people. tions might distort their views, so that

fosters distincindividuality, Education they their were guard. on if they And were stirring appeals threelowing

tion, there and achievement. Has it been in erred at all in probably the was way for the antiprohibition,made for ail history so colossal a standardizing in leniency of the intellectual estimating

a vast of the demonstrationtobacco movement, status of in their schools. smokers Some and for reguprocess—such

ies as of sheep. ike qu.i the human race at least of the principals made returns safety. wholations promoting

At the conclusion of each adinnot thethisspreadincreaseof thein tobaccothe use habit.of cigaretsHas areso farpersonallyas its use byfriendlyadults towardis concerned.tobacco,

dress definite projects were named. been brought about through the expendi- * * * "'In personal interviews they

We recommend these to you for ture of minions of dollars for advertising; informed the writer they enjoyed a cigar

the hured misuse of through psycho.ogy, believed that and a use moderate tobacco of consideration and thoughtfulyour

art, radio; printing, wri ing, and through was to not harmful mentally them or adoption as far as mayfor your ion the degraca of newspapers and magaphysically. they could not overlook But

be found necessary and advisable zines? Have not the tobacco interests the fact that records of the smokers in

in your locality. At our June admitted the falsity of the statements their schools were conclusive in showing

in pub.ished pers which were newsp and that the use of tobacco pupils by their for a askConference we shall

it th the confidence of remagazines had our intellectual is detrimental effort, to and your of and of progressport made schools? of homes and Should our any it in cases extreme paralyzes mental

plans for future campaigns in these school or home subscribe to magazines tivity.'acthree movements. which support such a policy? Can we

afford to spread, even the children, among in the Kentucky Superintendency,General Y. M. cost is greater the a habit than whose total TyRITINGvv Medical Journal, E. S. Dr. I. A., free cost a of surely public education; habit M.

General Presidency, Y. L. M. I. A. unworthy of an age that has produced a Frey of Louisville, mentions some

Lindbergh and has brought into the high careful observations made by Dr.

a of of wonderful America army Seaver, Director of the Physical five million than more fine young men and What Shall We Do About schools at Yale University and E. Pyrtle, of Laboratory President Ruth women!"

Tobacco? the National Education Association. says:

By Heber C. Iverson T WESTON OAKS, M. D., "Out of the highest scholarship men at

five Yale only per use cent tobacco. Of his says in book on Medical the General Board of all the not get appointments, doMember of men who of the Aspects Latterday Saint ninety cent use per tobacco."I. A. Y. M. M. Word of Wisdom:

In MacLevy's book "The To- "Dr. conducted O'Shea an in- M. V.

inHabit,"areP VERYteacher thoughtfulwill feel theparentchallengeand quiry of bacco given high schools thousand one some among of these two messages by the Presthe Middle West, concerning the effect of teresting statistics, of which the tobacco high school work. upon Of of Congress the National of idents are typical: following this great of school high boys number the of and TeachersParents and the only smoked, above who were 15.9%

fifty "Dr. that in George Lewis says Association. in 'school EducationNational median while were work, 60% years tobacco user in no has Harvard it. these below of hundreds boys Many

at class, graduated the his of head though factcontracted the habit coldblooded, while attending high a comes "But now five six of graduates out users."were it school; Federal the that this was found and agency, where finding government

Clark College says, professor out of "A case, the those commission doing of was so had Commission. The Trade 68%

one, ninetythree users, hundred two were a in decline their mourners'the scholarship, to shown with tobacco the brings men one eight not. the hundred were nonOf abjectly figlosing in an deportment. gets These them 61.9% bench, from and smokers honors, of while the won 68% are ures significant, defalsehood, because they of confession cover humiliating

smokers only honors."won 18% a large such newsjustify group; they ceit, imposture. and some cheeky The and

papers put the story far back in the generalization as to the effects of this second section, if they printed it at all. drug upon mental effort in young adult What noted men say:

Editorially they have little to say. Didn't and adolescent boys. The decline in

they print the fake advertising? The scholarship in this group varied from ten "Boys, through cigarettes, train with

cigaret corporation that was on the carpet per cent to u ter failure. Dr. O'Shea bad pompany. They go with other smokadmitted that it lied when it said smokrequested the principals of these schools ers to the pool rooms and saloons. The

The Improvement Era for June, 1930 561

* * *cigarette drags One down. them Saints? If Latterday we A RE

states that in the magistratesof York New traffic. only stand not so we for law phases—theThere are alwayshabit and"twothe distinct the ages cent of the between per boys99

of 10 and 17, who come before him The beverage use of intoxicating observance, but as U. S. Prohibicharged with crime have their fingers liquors is unwise, often dangerous, tion Administrator of this district,

disfigured by cigarette stains."Henry for the individual, for society and German E. Ellsworth says, we are

Ford. for the race."active law observers. We cease

active. and become all standing After for generations trying Attitude of Employers: is the greatest thing other the evils of controlling means of all—toThis

"Employers generally disapprove of of the traffic in, and drinking of, obey the law ourselves. Next by

cigarette smoking and will not employ intoxicating liquor, the people of our teaching and our examples we

Edisonboys Neither smoke. who to try get others to the obey law. States nor the prohiadopted United will in their factoriesFord employ men further, aid officers the we And bition, the constitutional amendcigarettes."who smoke in enforcing the law. How? effective the becoming ment on

The Cadillac Motor Company 16th of January, 1920. In all, (a) By reporting all infrac-.

in Detroit recently posted this no46 states ratified the 18th Amendtions of it that our keen and widetice: ment, this being the largest number open eyes may see. We now reof affirmative state votes ever given port robbery, arson, burglary, ascigarettes "Boys smoke do we who sault, etc. theft, Is it not equally not to any amendment.

incare to future the In keep our employ. obligation an of citizenship good will hire no: anyonewe we know whom to report to the officer proper obis It to this addicted habit.to be our Outlook said, January 27, The

served it or todesire suspected entirely weed of violations our out of 1926: * *factory. in objects have two prohibition * We laws? failure here A

First, to secview: help boys; and men is a failure in as did "National prohibition not come citizenship. good

believe thatond, we not do who men effort a result to m:.ke of an moral men is this And the what Federal, frequent the or can saloonsmoke make It law. opinion public only by was when County Citybetter and automobiles than those enforcement do."ofwho the legalized that convinced liquor became

traffic was hopelessly corrupt and corruptficers in Salt Lake City complain Marshall Field and Company, ing, and traffic in alcoholic drink was an of—lack of the active sympathy

Chicago: economic burden which the nation could and aid of the citizenry in helping

not afford officers. to bear, that prohibition bethe latter are far too The national.""For many years few to bring about unaided good to engagenot boys itwhohas makebeen oura practicepolicy came

of smoking cigarettes, as we believe it to enforcement. In any community

be detrimental to their development."A ND now what are we going to M. I. A. members might organize

Jr do about it? Repeal the 18th to get information that will help

Suggested Projects on Use of Amendment, as some demand, the officers.

Tobacco modify it as others request, or en- (b) By frequently complimentforce it as prohibitionists insist? ing the officers who do good work. 1. Public Education on law regulating sale of tobacco and the Relative to law observance Chief Let them know you are watching

harmful effects of its use. Justice Charles E. Hughes once them, confident they will do their

duty. is Just praise is helpful. said: to susready "Everybody

2. officers Pledge to missionary

is likes. tain not the he law That (c) voting for only By candito assignment personalwork, and respect sense in for the proper law dates for office public are comwho contact users labor of with and

test respect for order. or of The petent, fearless, in dry deed as well tobacco.

is is the upheld where law law as word, in full and sympathy 3. for project and Men it A even hurts."though M with law enforcement. President Gleaners. the leaders of Through said: Coolidge Preshis address inaugural In government "A these these stimulate groups young does its which is not said: enforce ident laws Hoover to people missionary do work of unworthy the a of name govtheir associates and friends. traffic illegal little among in be "There would ernment, cannot and expect to hold

it. if patronized only criminals liquor either the support of 4. Cooperate with civic citiits own fact this pathat the to awake must officers We

in enforcement of law. tronage from large numbers of law abiding zens or the respect of the informed

5. Have officers make it special citizensstimulatingis supplyingcrime.* * the* Therewardsduty andof opinion of the world."

business to check on sale of tobacco citizens to support the laws of the land is (d) By ceasing to shirk jury to minors. coequal with the duty of their governservice. Prosecutors are very often

exist. the enforce laws to which ment discouraged juries, by which, con-

6. legisstate service to national given the greater can be Send men No trary to the evidence the facts, and * * * will of good and men women will ture right by vote and work who acquit guilty defendants. Courts their example, that should, they than by issues. all this other moral and on assist in crime sometimes outout and even stamping reprimand juries

lawry by refusing participation in and for their failure to convict in accordance with the evidence. It What Shall We Do About condemningliquor. * * all* Ourtransactionswhole systemwith ofillegalselfLiquor? government will crumble either if officials often appears that the "wets"are

elect what laws they will enforce or organized to furnish juries that

By DR. JOS. F. MERRILL port.citizens* elect* * Forwhatourlawscitizensthey towillpatronsup- will acquit guilty defendants.

Church Commissioner of Education ize the violation of a particular law on (e) By being optimistic rather the ground that they are opposed to it is than pessimistic with respect to the* nrHE liquor problem in its vaprotectiondestructive ofon life,the ofveryhomesbasisandof propertyall that success of prohibition. Competent

* rious phases and angles is conwhich they rightly claim under other observers declare that prohibition tinually in the mind of the public. laws."in the United States is an eco-

. a:

562 The Improvement Era for June, 1930

nomic success. Hon. Geo. W. (b) Law Enforcement. Issued upon examiWickersham, Chairman of the 1. Strong police policy. nation.

Hoover law enforcement commis- 2. Cooperation of the Subject to revocation or suspenprohi- that declared recentlysion, courts. sion. than enforced better are lawsbition 3. discrimination o n N Uniform Speed Sheriffs and laws. federalother violators. petty among Regulations. to records produce policechiefs of of tags. tearing up No penalties Uniform is succeedprohibition thatshow enforcement. Impartial throughout the of efforts opposition Frantic ing.

f states for"wets"prove it. 4. No withdrawal o

of because complaints driving. 1. Reckless for, vote for, talk work us Let for nonprosecution a 2. Speeding, headfor, law, act every infor, way and consideration. lights, brakes, enforcement. its and observance

.(c) Legislative Program. etc.

1. Uniform Motor Ve- 3. Driving while

Safety hicle Legislation, intoxicated.

a. Drivers'License. 4. Manslaughter. By JOHN F. BOWMAN

Mayor of Salt Lake City

observationINTRODUCTORY Out of the Burning seconds a * Every thirtyone serious automobile accident oc- (Continued from page 554) curs in the United States; the

average increase of population of wanted to be useful, to serve, to mawnin'and be home fur supper.

one every thirtythree seconds render return for her share of life's Ma air afixin'a feast."

barely exceeds this casualty toll; generous gifts. "O, Bud!"cried Pamela, regret

every 17 minutes a death from She was relieved from duty one clutching her heart. "I can't do

automobile accident occurs; there evening about nine o'clock, shortthat. I ain't fur marryin'nowere 31,500 persons killed by auto ly after the end of her probationbody, Bud."She dropped into

in 1929. ary period. It had been a hard his speech, hoping to be kind.

These figures show an urgent case. The head nurse was nearly "Weuns has got a new room,

need for action. exhausted, many assistants were Curly. I made et purposeful fur

needed. Dr. Locke had lost his youns. Ets got windows; two of

Agencies For Correction bantering tone. Terse, muttered 'em, Curly."

in the only sound been orders had I can't nobody. marry "O, Bud, very imconsciousness, 1. Traffic though battle. now, Even the grim

ter keep too I hev young. on I'm and may be developed portant battle the relieved, was was Pamela

ter ter larnin'. keep school I hev by; shadthe Dick, Dr. yet won. not

(a) Educational programs. ow, was in attendance for the three years."

1 Schools. night. "Youns air twenty,"continued

a. Junior Traffic OfBud in a tone that seemed to conficers. sider no obstacle. "Millie hed

three least ones when she war your b. Compositions. THE lights of the

c. Lectures and classnurses'home beckoned to the tired age."He came closer and held out

work. Pamela. Her feet ached. Her a bunch of odorous mountain vio-

2. Safety Council, coshoulders drooped. A nausea of lets. That was what Pamela had

operating with State ether and gas assailed her. How smelled.

Council. good the fresh air seemed; hints of "I'm a comin'fur youns in the

3. Civic Clubs. running water, of buttercups and mawnin',"he repeated. "Maw's

4. Motion pictures such pussy willows. She raised her fixin'fur a party. Maw air poorly

as "The Verdict"—.head to breathe deeper and sudnowadays. Et air too much fur

traffic story. denly stopped, petrified with fear. her, tendin'Millie's least one an'

5. Children's safety A tall, lean man stepped from the totin'coal, and all."He held out

clubs. shadows directly into her path. his arms, blocking the path. There

6. Drivers'clubs. Their "I come ter marry ye, Curly."was no escape save retreat. Pais to report function flashed seven back mela's mind tone in a cried 'Pamela, "Oh!"violations. flagrant to the years Walters time wayAbe relief additional half half and of 7. Radio. well. her the laid mountain by "Is fear. she added. "O,"Traffic 8. Week. the her in did court men it Why of the family save None Bud?"a. Posters.

b. Other publicity. Steve Turner called her Curly dark?

c. Brake testing, light now.

testing, etc., drives. "I come ter marry ye,"persisted B.>UD stood patiently

9. Safety contests among the voice in a monotone. He was waiting, the drooping violets

commercial drivers. under the light now and stood reclutched in one hand. How ter-

1 0. Special box in paper vealed in a store suit. Tall, rible to hurt him. Mild, kind

for accidents and straight, erect, purposeful. Bud, who had shielded her youth;

deaths weekly. "Weuns kin be married in the who had stood off Millie's threats

The Improvement Era for June, 1930 56H

of violence, who had broken paths tice to which few people paid any year term in the U. S. navy tothrough the deep snows. Bud, attention. But to Pamela Harriday."

who had hoed her corn rows, son and Dr. Dick it had a hidden "Thank heaven for that!"rehunted the cow and helped fill her meaning: peated Dr. Dick, still not knowing

allotted sacks with potatoes. But "Steven Turner, age 22 of just why he felt so relieved.

she faced him bravely. "I ain't Crow's Nest, enlisted for a three- (To be continued)

fur marryin'nobody. You air

good and kind, but I don't want nobody!"open. dropped Bud's mouth EvBriefer s Indian Wife Dies girlery to marry. hoped mountain

If she were not chosen by twenty, (Continued from page 557) she was considered old, and usually had to be satisfied with a wid- "Well, the old fellow was 'rubbed out'under his arm and stared about him.ower. It had never occurred to him at last, but it took a grizzly bear to do "'My G—!'gasped the Major; 'two

the die at the of forks saw you be eagerthat Curly would not and thea year'sjob, andwagesit towouldsee havethat bearfight!"been worth Grand!'men

girlswilling. had long Mountain chest rumbled old unman's with "Theconsidered him desirable but unWe now skip over seven or eight pleasant laughter.

attainable. months to February with the snow 'Show me those men who have seen

"I'm a comin'in the mawnin'. "crusted and the winds cold at Fort so much,'he said. 'Either they lie

Henry on the Yellowstone: heremyself.'or I lie there! I'm not half sure

fallen, the had of and "Night hush is one,'said pointHenry, 'Yonder nurse Dr. whom TiHE

intense cold waste! the white was to upon Jim. A ing so dependLocke pronounced had

fire the roared the merry hearth of on to turned a trapper where "Hugh reliable, cryable, so was openly trading big the were where room men crouched against the wall with ing and running back into the hoslounging. Old Baptiste was making the terror in his eyes. For a brief momentabject

pital. Down the corridor to the Major's fiddle laugh and weep, and often the ruined face of the old man was as

his into old when some bow swung it. a blizzard though across swept He vacant porch. she fell upThere

jigtune, Southern fellows, the younger set the trigger clicked his of and gun unrestrainedly. a bed, sobbingon as it Bridger, step lively, such would lock.) the as recognized he Jim, Then

Poor Bud! How dreadful to hurt aping the negro dancers. By and by, the youthful blacksmith, his face softened,

him. in a momentary hush, the stockade gate and. easing the hammer down, he strode

was heard to rattle at its bar as though over to the young man, demanding,

Dr. Dick, coming from the a sudden wind had shaken it: yet there 'where's your companion, the other one

room where death had been so imwas no wind. The men listened a while, that saw me die; it's him I'm after!'

minent, sought fresh air on the but heard only the howling of the wolves, And again revenge seemed stirring every fort the and in the timbers popping as muscle eyes, searchhis glaring he sent lightsporch. snapped on the He freeze. great ing the as if impatient for the anmen

at the in amazementand gazed swer, to 'show me!'him again, music began and a youth, "The

prone figure of Pamela. swinging into an extravagant Negro clog, 'Glass,'spoke up the Major, 'he

left froze, before here river the carrying aroused a roar laughter. the of Again callhere?"he have we "What dispatches to Atkinson.'Fort sistopped; scarcely music the and had ed. Harrison! Miss What's "Why, all well, that's Well, pemighty lence returned, hoarse, a wild cry when

the matter? You are supposed to arose outside. Some Crow Indian was culiar!'he growled, 'I've come a long,

seein'hard revenge, take to journey but at there gate, the are no doubt; in bed. but crying?"be what you Why

. I'll to he's wait.'gone, turning Then he trapper up, want? got and A to wants me!"could marry man "A

his friend, the old Hansel, cook, half he into the out went that snow whined "blubbered Pamela. see demanded, the 'Put you'll and on pot his moccasins, under and, followed by

"Merciful heavens!"answered the candle glimmer that spilled through what an appetite a ghost can have!'And,

the doctor. 'Then why weep!"raisedthe openthe wicketdoor, wentthroughto whichthe gatetradingand havingold maneatentold thewithstorya wolfishof his resurrection.hunger, the

He had had no first hand experiwas sometimes carried on. Immediately "He could not say how long he had

ence concerning marriage, but from those inside heard the wicket clatter down, lain there by the spring; but by ir.d by

to get eyes his and awoke managed terror with a his of look and face he on the observation, young women open. before could sometime he It was the trapper the into dashed back room did not weep whom he knew realize to had him. happened what Then over and the door. slammed

proposals. usually the were They 'I—I—saw—laid plans. result of well 'Saw what?'asked'he stammered.the major. hearoundknewhimby thatthe thefootprintsmain partyof horseshad beenall

there an on. gone and heap of The ash- 'Old the whispered "I don't anyto marry want fire, old that however, showed Major trapper, ghost!''—allHugh white—hisGlass!'"He's Pamela. sobbed body,"to intended desert him. not Henry had 'Fiddlesticks!'said the Major. Getwaiting downstairs. He'll stand ting up from his bench by the fire, he Some of his comrades had been left bethere all night. I can't go over to went out into the starlit silence, and the hind to care for him: but where were

'fixin's'? his they? where Not was And to thronged the door. chain men The It's the home. Turner from Bud as left even a knife him. been had so much clanked: the gate wide. then swung And father Nest. Crow's knows Your the about he thought matter more "The the impossible pass! to came The men

the greater his anger, I grew he tell swore and to you, I don't him. want after backward, walking saw Henry and

get married at all!"him came no other than Hugh Glass that he would live that he might avenge

'Thank heaven for that!"mutwhoGrandhadanddiedwasyonderburiedat there!the forksHisof hairthe thatthe treachery.difficult businessDeliberatelyof gettinghe set aboutwell

tered Dr. Dick, not knowing just that swept his shoulders and his long gray enough to travel. The spring furnished

it plenty water, of over and good hung it, ghastly his chest said beard matted were utterly unupon and why he full berries. ripe of bull Also, a bush his breath. with frozen gave men The that conscious he Pawas patting flesh his teeth with able to tear he was in, the door, backed Henry way at and curls. golden mela's the the the bear; from gashed of but body spectre. a followed the by what And fate it had—-grotesquely blurred as though meat had begun to spoil, and soon he had

TiHE next evening's seen Thereflectedold manin ruffledstalkedwaters!boldly into the couldonly thefind fruitin theandvicinity.what breadroot he

papers carried a brief, cursory nomiddle of the room with his long rifle (Continued on page 566)

Camping By REV. HOYT E. HENRIQUES

not care to get out and imitate the deeds of the great Scouts of bygone days. Rare is the boy who

is not impressed with the power

/ do not count the hours of organization the Boy great mas- I spend confronted with some In wandering by the sea; does not of AmericaTHEScouts of the Creator when suddenly Builder. Great terpiece of the The forest The loyal friend, is my

exist solely for summer recLike Cod it useth me: boy may not show how much he

reation, however attractive this may is impressed, but nevertheless it a lasting impression whichbe. Its purpose is to prepare its memOr Oron downthe mountaincrestthe oaken glade,sublime, makes

bers to take their places in society O what have I to do with Time? may change his whole attitude toas wellrounded units, not of deadFor this the day was made. wards things in general.ly uniformity but capable of work-—Ralph Waldo Emerson. Camping begins in the Tendering harmoniously with others tofoot rank with Saturday and

of the an advancementwards direction hikes the weekend under half than more the of merit badges this furtherideal democracy. To Scout adult of advanced or an for proficiency, awarded have nothexcellent proScouting hasend, an

leader. trainreceives these he In to ing the with do outdoor prothat varied so boys enoughgram in the ing of Scoutfundamentals gram, strictly although not classall physimental, of conditionsof

is ing or impressed Camping. He work. Blacksmithing, for exsocial, statuscal, financial can and preparacareful the of need with is ample, an not outdoor study, in great the adcomradesbecome tion. really successful hike or A is it nor classwork. Carpentry,venture.

is a the not product of few camp music, textiles likewise are and not tells the of ways Handbook The this thinking. prepaminutes In studies. outdoor

and means of developing such a ration such commonplace things program, so we need not refer to as shoes and stockings take on a it at this time save to call atten- f*YN the other hand, we note sevnew aspect when seen in connection to the titlepage with the eral badges awarded for physition with a fruitful tramp in a word service prominently displaycal achievements which are not nearby canyon. He also has his

ed. This tells us, better than strictly a part of the outdoor profirst lesson in reverence for propmany words, the great fundagram. Aviation is physical, menerty rights, for he must respect the

mental ideal of Scouting. Service tal and outdoors, but not a part rights of others or he may be deto God and man, service to the of what we commonly call the nied the privilege of entrance. This

State and its members, is the aim outdoor life of a Scout Troop. may seem selfish, but he is shown

back of all our work. In prepBut most of the physical side of that unless he is careful of both

aration for this life of service, Scouting is intimately connected public and private property other which too few realize in its enwith the outdoor world. Scouts may suffer from his lack of

tirety, the program must be diLiving in the "Center of Scenic consideration and be denied desirversified enough to include all the America"we are particularly forable privileges.

activities of the normal, healthy tunate in having so much of the boy. Among these, perhaps chief outdoors right at our very doorTN the Secondclass rank he learns

of the physical, is camping. steps. Perhaps it is because of this the use of signs and symbols as

that we do not appreciate our opmeans of conveying messages. A

A SCOUT must learn many portunities, for "familiarity breeds pile of stones now means somethings, which may be classed contempt"we are told. The writer thing to him. His powers of obeither as mental or physical. Adcame out into the mountains a servation are developed so that he

vancement depends upon his skill seeker after health, and finding it can be reasonably sure of his place in learning and doing. By mental here, resolved to do his little in imand direction even if he have no

things we mean those which are planting in others a respect for. compass. Building a fire withmore or less separated from physiaye even better than that, a love of out waste of time and material is

cal exertion. Among these are God's great nature world. usually a new accomplishment, and

such as "The History and Use of his reaction on being shown how the Flag."This is classwork, enTN our outdoor program, Camplittle fuel is needed to prepare a

couraging a laudable respect for the ing is the goal to which all our palatable meal is gratifying to the flag of our country. Scouts look with longing eyes. leader. Firebuilding affords a

It is interesting to note that Rare indeed is the boy who does fine beginning for a study in For-

The Improvement Era for June, 1930 565

estry and Conservation. The longup into the starrydecked canopy

distance runners of the various Inand discerns the beauty of the dian tribes have always been an heavenly jewelbox. In fancy he

object of awe for the average travels with the mariners of old,

American lad, and while our charting his way by the stars, or

Scouts may not hope to rival the perchance he stands watch with

Indian lads in this field, they are David on the hills beyond Bethletaught how to cover ground with hem.

little effort. Knives or hatchets in

the hands of untrained campers are A LL this that has gone before is dangerous, even though necessary. * * by way of preparation for the

The Scout is taught how to lessen fitting climax to his course, the this danger by the correct use of Troop camp. Then he puts into

these tools. practice the lessons he has learned,

and as he has learned them he be- "DEFORE he can become a Firstcomes a real camping Scout or not.

class Scout the boy must have If the Scoutmaster has a real place a really intimate acquaintance with in his life for an outdoors which nature. Here we see the outdoor is something more than a place in

fish he has hunt, to and which of Scoutingprogram blossoming it is for ideal which height, an but love. this tell the tried of to Scout a ainto thing joy of beauty and stresses strive. which camp we A is a in wise boy "Every camp"forever. hiking, Swimming, mapthe of exclusion the to part one is in best served motto. boy The are estimatingmaking, rounds and its the is best for doing not others takes in he a which camp Troopin success. the ladder to leading He leader Scouting. for or Scout A active in every part and duty andevelops a speaking acquaintance to opportunity the neglects who ideal pleasure. condievery The the the flowerswith ground, on for regard instill a wholesome more is in contion boys come where are longer merelywhich no now given has not of the goodness God leaders, their tact but with own at.pretty to learns things look He idea of our a proper the Scout of our the complexity because of serve the plants nature bothhow have not should world. camp A is it life, posalways not modern the observes mankind.and He I its "Fishermen."slogan for to to sible go for Scoutmasters scurry theanimals through which conducted visited a which Troop is It often their boys. with camp learning thatshrubbery, they have idea. fishing the its Not on camp substitute, a difficult find to proper usesbetter as to targets serve than its nature workand a about word this Local condition to remedy andfor the person. Trees unthoughtful daily the ings, about but only exunder operate Councils camps are are and name by knownnow catch fine programs. leadership pert with theirrated according to importance

as servants to man and nature. This is commendatory, and while If the boy is given due part in

And lifting his eyes upwards into it is not intended to take the place the preparations for the camp, it their tops he discovers that birds of the Troop camp, it affords the develops his foresight. He thinks

are not just birds, but birds of only opportunity presented to out in advance what is necessary on many kinds and purposes. That some Scouts. such a trip, and hands in a written

red streak was in sight but a seclist of the essentials. He helps to

ond, yet he knows it to be the TN my experience I have found collect the equipment and supplies, tanager, or the slight call, uncamping to have been of value to construct the program of study, heard by most, he knows to be the because it develops the boy, or can sports and work. He plans the

note of the finch. And at night, do so, in the three departments of menus and figures what the combe requires. should This missary spirit. and mind of histired into the depths of gazing being—body, not all the Scouts, by the done by this to attain All campfire, camps do not he looksthe wonderful

Scoutmaster. Contrast with this

wellorganized expedition the first overnight hike the Scout made.

Too much or too little food, too many or too few blankets, too far or too near the overnight camp.

Then he was a Tenderfoot, now he is older in Scouting.

CAMPING, in the second place, develops the growing sense of leadership. At this age the boy

has a normal desire to lead, and every Scout should be given the right to a certain amount of authority in some definite field of activity. Seasoned Scouts and

Scoutmasters recognize the ability

Jf! of others in particular.lines of

A Novel Tug of War work and respect this leadership.

.

566 The Improvement Era for June, 1930

I visited another Troop in camp, "nHAT though the wind blew strengthened and can better meet and was amused, and pained, to cold, the wood was damp, the tasks of the following weeks.

see the Scoutmaster cooking hotand fingers were numb for a good Health reigns supreme, he is chargcakes for twenty boys. This inpart of the stay in camp, the days ed with vitality. His mind is endicated a oneman camp and rewill always be remembered as joylarged through learning of many

sulted in a group of Scouts each ous when Master and Scouts all new things, and his spirit should waiting for the Scoutmaster to do played the game fairly and squareappreciate more than ever the goodthe work. Had each Scout taken ly. Then, tired but happy, he reness of God in giving such an oppart in the preliminary plans there turns to his home the gainer after portunity to recreate the body for

would have been more than one his days in the open. His body is better service.

small frying pan in that camp.

Camps are zones of discovery, for latent skill and talent is found in leader Utilizaboth and boy. Briefer 's Indian Wife Diestion of these heretofore unknown

abilities makes a happy and har- (Continued on page 563) monious of making camp. The

decided waiting "After he days some kind of the never seen one had of whomlittle contrivances around the mess that his leg, to 'James, have seemed which said been before. general to me, The

to shorten labor, and to dispose of broken, was hardly likely to carry him how, under the sun, are we to get that waste, all call for ingenuity and for some weeks; so he thought it well animal off the boat?'I, having a few

to Fort crawling. begin his journey 'artificial by me, back to glasses courage'ofinventiveness. which The Troop

(South the nearest Kiowa, post Dakota) valorous, thought felt exceedingly andundertook to square of a number the Missouri, over a hundred on across was stone a millable myself to throw pine logs that it might have a real miles away. After weeks of wellnigh the Mississippi. Accordingly, I volunkitchen table little knew the labor incredible hardships, he had succeeded in teered to bring him ashore. I procured a

involved, but when finished had reaching the post."light stick, walked straight up to the

accumulated a store of experience bear,(as heand,had speakingto us allverythe sharplyway downto himthe (and blisters) detailed account of river), deliberately unfastened his chain.

eyes for in the a moment, looked me this story, in a dropped whine, Afact, a complete book, Heand, giving lowPATIENCE and sympathy is given in a narrative poem by head. I led him off the boat alonghisa

should be a part of the normal Neihardt, "The Song of Hugh staging prepared for the purpose, the makeup of every person, particuGlass."Glass followed Bridger's crowd instantly falling back to a respectac- distance. without Landing himlarly in camp. and boy Man fully to able must companion, expecting lead to general cident, wished the meeach patience have shortover the avenge himself, meeting but upon Biddle, residence of to the Major him

comings of the other and a ready the trapper whom he had known distant a quarter of a mile from the sympathy extended when it will before the experience, forgave him, landing. Courageous as ever, I led him

the would time on, of he though some littlehelp. hiker, Poor burdened is as also he did Jim. The story leader, lead his around looked often Bruinwith a pack, bravely heavy stumbriefly told of 86, 87 on pages following at the that up at crowd was

bling onward without a whimper! "AshleySmith Explorations,"by a prudent distance behind. I arrived

real Grizzly residence at the safely and Patrol made notices Leader howA Dale. It is given again by Chitten-

I there. tree fast to stood that apple an silently suffershe a and without den, Vol. Trade,""American Fur the the scarcely of length to got had attract toword the of attention 698. 2, p. a furious spring chain, he made when

others relieves him of part of the Another story of Bridger and at me; the chain, very fortunately, was a

load. Ashley follows: Beckwourth says strong one, and held him fast.

A real Camp educates in socialthat at Fort Lookout the trap- "I then called at the major's house, and, to general's delivering compliments our livemindedness, for for a while we Pilcher, pers Joshua met who manfor sent a pet him, he informed had him in a large area restricted a in manifested his good Ashwill toward kind inquired his acceptance. what He

ner. Six, eight, ten sleeping in a ley by making him a present of of a pet and, taking him to the tree where

space too small to make a real a large "grizzly bear for a play I had made fast the bear, I showed the to almost beast major him. The clothes closet Beds at home. on thing. a pretty plaything And fear. lookstood with While we quakedhuge we a pile of personal pine boughs, posbefore were done found him we a pig small ing at him, happened

sessions on the bed or in a flour with him. He was made fast with pass near the bear, when Grizzly dealtto

sack. The respect of property a chain to the cargo box on deck, him such a blow with his paw that he

left in his body, not bone a whole him rights in learned earlier the hiking capto himself seemed think and fell the of bear's dead out piggy and full in play. comesdays now The rate, tain; imat any more he was reach.

Scout learn to must adjust himself his in perious orders than a Comto the group, each being member station. a foreign on modore He out"ThesomeMajorof hisinvitedbest, Imedrankin, and,his settinghealth

the equal of every other member. would suffer no one on deck, and according to the custom of those days,

He has certain rights and so has the seemed literally to apply the poet's and left to rejoin my companions."

other fellow, but the rights of words to himself, either Clifford are Dale, Harrison those not the of who home.

Professor Beckwourth, was thatWhat a camp was "quotes where My'1 amrightmonarchthere isofnoneall I tosurvey,dispute.'in Political Scouts the Science of Univerwere the always lookout on

for thoughtless transgressions of sity of Wyoming, located at Laraindividual and community rights. L,ATER, upon reachmie. He gives the story without

The Scoutmaster looks back on ing St. Louis, Beckwourth adds: comment. There is little doubt

that week as seven days of con- "After the peltry was all landed and but what Beckwourth, filled with stant intervention between warring scored, the bear still occupied his station. liquor, may have performed just

lads. Hundreds were yet gazing at him, many such a foolhardy feat.

Youth By L. E. FLACK

fT WAS a cool spring day. Con-

* stance Randolph, eyes lowered, warm coat muffled up to her chin, plunged ahead. The next moment

there was a sharp, little cry; Constance pulled herself up from the

slippery pavement and a young gentleman was offering profuse with that curl "you love to girls. Yes, she loved this; she

apologies. touch!"and a thoughtful expresadored that; something else was

sion. He seemed a little flurried darling. Her eyes were bright, her

fault,"Constance own "My it silly was Constance ordering, but the over flushed—oh,said, at she the condimpled and still young! just he was that insisted he get what cheeksbut—she stranger's eyes.cern in the "I luncheon, little a delightful if this It was wondered wished. She

should have looked ahead. But,"episode were as novel in his life and Constance rose reluctantly.

and she laughed, j"it serves me as it was in her own. Her companion seemed as relucright. I was playing hooky from tant as she.

high school luncheon!"our it "I know isn't—er—customPrin- would WHAT of acquaintance press an ary sounds That "Hooky! if great. cipal now, say her he saw Smith

a floundered he somebody?"Aren't Connie you a table tosort—but,"at sitting with calmly say if we you do "What a moment.this the young man'sFor a moment Principal strange man? young

eyes widened. He was a pleasant Smith, who had informed her that take in that new movie tomorrow

young man, Constance thought, she would meet his brother at the night?"

pleasant and friendly, but for the luncheon. That was really why Constance nearly gasped. The

life of her she couldn't place him, she had run away. She might be dear boy! Asking an old staid

and he certainly seemed to know twentynine, but she was too school teacher. But just then she

her name, if nothing more. For young to play dinner companion caught a glimpse of herself in the

just once she would not explain to some frumpy, uninteresting old long mirror. There was an unthat she was a teacher. A teacher bachelor. accustomed vivaciousness about her

Constanci thirty. cheeks her sparkled, on eyes face-—her the Garfield,"you're from "Soand—going shudder. involuntary young. a littlegave was were said table glowing—she across the man little genyoung said a the young cold!"she it!""You're love "I'll inconseof course in the when concern. said withtleman breathlessly. she conversation, had quential

is, er—"Oh, the mentioned no—that

lunch. some must have name of the school. YiES, just once. It "You Lincoln.""I'm from

all he the over be moment There's up. will It you warm to would her turn was "Oh—h!"tell out. him She would found he block,"the tea a around room school surprised. boy! high be ItA over. the movie quietly was when eagerly.said older. for taken him She had he Twentynine. And better senior. a She had Probably It tell did him. she not But year second her explain. This was evening the wonderful most staid, was Constance, teaching. She school of high

ever she had to about mathematician,sober was spent—wonderful throat in her caught something but strange, that because of little light somehow began refuse. a Then never well, she'd tried. as she Oh, youth. of had She glowing eyes. Well, her in to dance why the see again. was What him golden in broken two this gentleman was If not. feelingaway—for said, at girls school the dif—as staid longer she Miss hours in was no squarely standing the of habit into amusing an plunged she and instructor. mathematics Randolph, looking the sidewalk of the middle school high of some account high Randolph, Constance was at while young nothing women exShe did not of which—she senior, a glowing, vivid school collided at also nothing looking a- witmerely been had pranksplain—she personality. did she tell him Nor themto pick him, and had with a participant. of ness instead

selves up off the damp pavement, in the evenings that followed. It

well, why shouldn't he treat them was like a dream, throwing off the to a meal to offset the inconveniTiHE young gentleman mask of every day life, being hapence? was an agreeable companion. Topy, gay, herself, for a few short

Over the charming little blue gether they laughed over high hours. and orange table of the almost deschool pranks, the latest movie, Days passed into weeks—weeks

clear, serted tea room Constance had a the newest book. Almost unconinto months—and then on a

better view of her companion. He sciously Constance found herself starlit night he proposed.

had clear blue eyes, blond hair affecting the line of the high school (Continued on page 569) d

Another Unknown Soldier By MARGARET C. MOLONEY

TJOOLISHLY Stephen had quarter that had meant breakfast -*- thought the fight over when and carfare was exchanged for the the armistice was signed. Later, little red flower.

when he was discharged as cured To the woman's "thank you"from the hospital, with the suggesStephen managed a smile, then, tion that he take up some kind of with the poppy in his hand, he work that would keep him out of turned down the street. Block afdoors he hadn't realized that he was ter block he trudged, his heavy

going over the top again, alone this suitcase in one hand, and a poppy time, a shaking, weak buddy, within the other, but he rang no dooroutcomrades—sothe hearteningfirm presencewas he inof thehis bells.Finally,Hewearinesshad givendroveup himthe fight.back

belief that the fight was over. to his hall bedroom.

When the outside work had resolved itself into a job of peddling women's to wear door from door ECHANICALLY M:the soldier discharged fought with in, he let himself picked up a letter

every bit of his strength and couron the mail desk, noted it was from age for a footing in a strange world the wholesale house, and with the nothing at all like the jolly world help of the bannister managed the he had quitted at his country's call. one flight of stairs. As he went

In that world Stephen had had a down the hall he noticed 'there'good job, a good home, and a very been a change of tenants in the dear mother. suite adjoining his room. He was

glad. Maybe the new people would

DELLING articles they not be so noisy, and he'd be able to could not afford to busy women There was no one to notice that sleep. As he passed the open door

would have been no trick at all the boy was getting thinner, that the new tenant, a motherly lookfor the other Stephen, the lad with the shaky hands were shaking more ing woman, placed a framed phothe engaging grin and the boyish alarmingly, that the brave smile tograph on the mantel, and lookassurance; but it was torture for was faltering. Stephen, himself, ing up greeted Stephen.

losing realize that did not he wasthis poor Stephen with shaky greetdidn't return Stephen the batso occupied he in ground, washands, nerves and shellshocked ing, staring picture. at the he was tling footing. a for harder to than it beenmuch had

go over the top over there. "My son,"the woman exsadly, plained, yet proudly. too, house, rooming The was think about XI said Stephen. Burton,""Bobbie thishard the giving on changed boy. the This up E didn'tfight—until in ears, as his voice His poundedStephen a facing needed himself he and found morning a home

mother much more than the other a pert young woman with a basket he went down.

Stephen had needed them. Yet of Flanders'poppies. Suddenly the

with all the loneliness he was courage that had stood by the solBur- Bobbie WiHEN little all dier thatthankful the dear war, the through and the mothto came on a he was ton's buddy lived since, to see deserted battles herer had not him. what He tenant's in the room, couch new

little her, red atcountry flimsy to returned the staring purstood had gentle a was bathing his and hand gloriporting pert her to be flower the was young woman boy—the face water. cool with

she specimen offeringous of crowding memories had him, manhood loaned it. in on him, exhausting the little "Well,"she said when his eyes

strength he had. opened, and in her vioce was

"I thought you The woman was outraged at his thankfulness. after Stephday D AY up. Feeling never would wake hesitancy. battle, to ringingen went forth

doorbells, flinching at the harsh- "You wouldn't desert a buddy, better?"

ness of disgruntled housewives, would you?"Her harsh, unfeel- "We were pals,"said Stephen,

selling a little, but not enough to ing voice made the wounded solhis eyes going back to the picture.

provide the nourishing food he dier shudder. "They did not hesi- "I know you were. Good old

needed. Night after night he came tate,"she reminded him, in her Steve he always called you in his

back to the lonely hall bedroom to parrot tone. letters. I got your name from the

letter you dropped,"she explained.battle with wakefulness—battling

for rest and sleep that would bring Stephen's shaky "No, no,"she said. "You stay

forgetfulness. hand went into his pocket and the right there. I was just getting a

I

The Improvement Era for June, 1930 569

and away, you drink abite lunch. Could of coming back brought Youth close. chair her hot?"of somethingcup

"I don't know anything I'd "We know each other pretty (Continued from page 567) rather have,"Stephen said, and the well now, don't we, Stephen?"she

way he said it made the woman asked. Constance raised dewy eyes. The

hurry to get it started. "I know you are the nicest pernext moment they darkened. De-

I've I came home,"met since to son nice Uncle the Sam way for was "A result! Now she ceit—this earnestly. said Stephen, bitterly tell. saidtreat she boys,"our to would have

when she came back. "Those poor "Thank you,"she smiled.

little poppies and the wealth of this "You're the nicest thing I've met left me."She It WAS hard, but innation! I haven't the love for the since—Bobbie

old flag I once had, Stephen."swallowed quickly, and hurried on. a few stumbling words she made

help, you the laughter gone from her voice, Stephen—except"I'm alone on thatthe big farm, the explanation. She stood there,

OTEPHEN rallied to know. Do you think you could the sparkle from her eye. Shethe defense of the flag. come home with me—and let me she was twentynine. She looked

"But it isn't the flag. Uncle mother you till you get well? And up, expecting yet dreading to see

like the then country you'd maybe his expression let us didn't of Mrs. down,Sam contempt—contake well to stay and on enough said earnestly. "It's a heBurton,"for tempt person who was try-

I the the farm. of managementjust reins that politics gets to the ing her keep youth.

it there alone stand anysomehow."can't Instead the next moment she longer. Stephen."awful, It's too

"You talk just like Bobbie,"she She steadied herself. "Let's be heard a low relieved laugh.

smiled. never hear any- "He'd allies, in this awful battle we're that all!""So is was in He saidthing the old flag. about Poor alone."spirits. if excellent "But what neverBobbie! just He knew how fighting

Stephen object was sitting up now, in I don't to twentynine!"little the soldiers mattered—when spite of protests.they came back."Constance's eyes were "You!"

I were sure wide. "But you see, a mere boy "We've got to do something "I'd like to go—if

about it!"Stephen declared feveryou needed me,"he said, "but you

see I useless can held am."He howishly. I just "That's must why thin the shaking hands, poor upget I a footing. can't shirk my let then miserably. drop them and laughed again.responsibility."H.E

"Well, now, we are not going to "I might be older than you think."get a into political argument, you placed Burton M).RS. "But a senior in high."and me, Stephen,"Mrs. Burton ones. her hand over the shaky

hastened to placate him. "We're "Did I ever say I was a senior?"

is "All need plenty you milk of togoing lunch, right have now."eyes incredulously. widened Her eggs and nourishing and good laid her cheek, againstShe his hand "I a senior ten ago. years was I food, need and you. do You smiled atand him, and down again. laughed I—""I hapHe Bobbie. must knew know You at smiled grateherStephen back to pen be too. twentynine, it I'm to to what means me knowfully. he'll never come back to me."She coach at—

fought the tears back valiantly. Suddenly Constance gave a little

rT wasn't long before Stephen still hesitated. shudder.

she returned with a tray well filled, 'You don't want to go,"she "You—you're Principal Smith's

which she placed on a table besaid hopelessly. brother, the new Lincoln coach!"

side the couch. she gasped. "And "I do,"said Stephen I—I—'—but, "No, you don't get up,"she why, Mrs. I haven't Burton, "Constance Randolph, matheinsist laughed. "I making on haven't enough an money picmatics seen your to-—teacher—I've * "It invalid of you. makes me feel * * one cent, and I don't to ture, heard your praises sung

important."She piled the pillows "Oh, Stephen,"she cried, the the—

till sitting behindup he him was tears their having "if now, way knew—all the time!""You—youup, a plate lap, his in put soon and all, that's I'm so happy. I have accused. she like friends, chatting they were old for us, of enough money both and

about spring in the city, fwhat I'll be so glad to have someone to He nodded.

strange things rooming houses share it with again.""As soon as I heard about the

see, were, the crowds on the streets luncheon. was You I well—I just till "Well, get my footeverything and anything trying to get from that same away but ing,"stipulated the stranded hero.Bobbie Burton. They couldn't reception, myself. I thought you

course,"agreed. she "Of either one talk of "It must be a paragon, and—

be long before him—yet. won't you're taking

to dance in care of me. Would you do that, A light had begun

Constance's eye, and she looked Stephen?"the luncheon HEN saucily. W looking Stephen "Would I!"said Stephen, and up and was finished

I not!"she demandedmuch better was stretched out comthe grin that had been lost for such "And am

fortably again, obeying orders, a long time was right back in place while her cheeks dimpled.

Mrs. Burton carried the dishes again. His answer was conclusive!

PRIESTHOODAll Melchizedeh Priesthood material is prepared underQUORUMSthe direction of the Council of the Twelve;

and all Aaronic Priesthood material is prepared under the direction of the Presiding Bishopric.

Sacrament Meetings

By JOSEPH JENKINS Of the L. D. S. High School

A FEW weeks ago a bishop of remember that some leader had young I often thought it would be a good ** one of the wards made the folks take part. How happy they practice to discover the talents of all

following statement: "What is the were! They sang and prayed and gave the young men and women, and then

trouble with our Sacrament meetings, short religious talks. The boys and develop those talents through some

Just last night we had a slim attendgirls would draw from their own inform of religious expression. Young

ance and the people there were mostly terests in the lives of the prophets missionaries were known to spend women and older men. Why is it and great leaders of the Church. many months home before they were

we don't get the young men and Otherwise I sat with my feet dangling given responsibility. A friend of

young girls, and more of the men from the edge of a bench which was mine was home ten years before he who are leaders in the auxiliaries?"far too high for me until my legs was called to speak. By then he was

The good bishop was concerned as cried out for activity, and I squirmed, rusty and had lost much of the enall bishops are over the most impormuch to the worry of my mother. thusiasm built up while on his mistant Sunday service. sion. If we keep green the abilities

I am sure all of us desire to help THOUGHT over the speakers we of all the young people and permit make the problems connected with had during most of the meetings. directed expression under wise guidance

Sacrament meetings easier to solve. They were nearly always the same of mature men, then the problem of

I took the questions asked by the from Sunday to Sunday. Perhaps I religious education will be started tobishop to a representative group of wasn't attentive, for I could see the ward solution.

high school seniors in the Latterday town team playing ball on the grounds

Saints High School. "What do you some two blocks away. Why did I T'HE devotionals held in the B. Y.

like and dislike about the Sacrament look out the window? Wasn't it be- U. were good examples of spiritmeetings as conducted in your wards."cause there was a serious lack of preual meetings. The music was beauti-

I asked seventy of them. "Will you paration and carefultudy on the part ful and timely and the talks were

be frank and honest in your written of the speakers? One speaker did, I full of vitality and interest. A friend

answers. Kindly write during this remember, catch our interest. He who had attended the B. Y. U. and

hour period. I desire to find out wasn't scolding nor finding fault, but had caught the spirit of the youth

what you find in these meetings that he told us stories that gripped, and of the Church asked the bishop of is stimulating, and what you find in we went away built up. Here is our ward for permission to furnish

them that you do not like."one of his stories: the program the next Sunday. The

"A farmer took a sack one night to bishop was curious and gave permisVWJHILE their essays,the studentsI thoughtwerebackwritingover patch.use in hisHevisittookto witha neighbor'shim hispotatosmall sion.Four boys'The youngchorusesman werewent prepared.to work.

my youth and tried to see the probson. When the two arrived at the Suitable music and short talks were selems that presented themselves at that potato field, the father placed his little lected and practiced. Parents became

time. I do not think my own vivid son near a corner post to watch. After interested and helped. Quartettes and

pictures of Sacrament meetings will a short time, the little fellow said, solos were included. In fact, the

ever leave me. To me they were 'Daddy, there is some one seeing us.'young man planned a program for

long and dry and nearly always the "'Who is it?'asked the father. oac hour and a half. The house was

same. I seldom understood what was "'God,'answered the son. The filled. During the passing of the

said, andoften grew tired and sleepy father emptied the sack, took his little Sacrament, one boy sang, "I know because the subjects discussed were son's hand, and went home. There that my Redeemer Lives."At the

either over my head, or far away was indeed someone watching."end of the meeting the bishop, quite

from the life I knew. Very seldom happy and pleased, invited his peowere the talks short or concrete, or HP HIS little story was but one of ple to keep up the interest shown

made interesting by examples found in -* the many used in driving home that day.

my own life's experiences. In fact, a lesson. Did we get the meaning?

the aim of the meetings that I was Every youngster listened with rapt TJOW distinctly I remember rushing forced to attend was one of length: attention. That day the ball team J--L home from Sunday School betwo hours. I do not remember with had live competition. fore my parents and changing my

any degree of clearness any one year My thoughts were indeed going "store"clothes, donning a pair of when the Sacrament meetings were for back. I could see not only the same overalls and an old shirt, and up to

the year definitely planned. Of course, speakers but also the same singers. the old swimming hole I would go.

I appreciate the efforts made at that I know of certain families whose And I wasn't alone either. Many

time. Once in a while some one members did all the special singing, boys were on the old trail. Why

would arrange a meeting that stimuand some individuals who did all the weren't they at meeting? Boys will

lated. And when this happened I special speaking. As I grew older, find something to do, something that

The Improvement Era for June, 1930 571

catches their interests even if it is mon. Meetings always bring you "More preparation should be made

not directed activity. What an opcloser to your fellowmen and of for the meetings."

portunity was lost! We learned to course 'to God. You get out of "Have the speakers talk on someswim and dive and lie in the sand. church just what you put into thing more interesting to young people

We could have learned these just as church."and still keep religion fixed in their

well on Saturday and better had there "I like Sacrament meetings because minds. Tell interesting incidents.

been a leader of influence who really they tend toward building character. Furnish plenty of music. Let every

desired our attendance at Sacrament They are inspiring and help to keep one take part at some time or other."

meeting. One man did take an inthe attenders interested in truth and "Have the young people of the

terest in us and because of him many to a great extent away from folly. wards give short talks on subjects

of us attended our meetings on the They who go to Sacrament meetings that we know something about. Have

Sabbath day. We found him suggestwith a desire to learn will be bene- a variety of beautiful music."

ing readings that were faithpromot- fited.""Give the young people a chance

ing. We loved him because he helped There were fortyfour positive critito prepare two or three short talks

to direct our interests. cisms named in ithe (essays of the about things which are interesting to

"Shall I place these essays on your students. The first one, good music, them. Every one will listen to one

desk?"I came back from the past appeared thirtyone times. Good muof his friends talk. Have a musical

and found the students leaving. And sk plays a great part in the lives of program and take good talent from

here are a few of the thoughts exthe young people of the Church. the ward."

pressed by them:. Young people like the thing they call "If they were interesting and the

"I like a great many things about the Spiritual. This item appeared speakers talked so we could hear what

Sacrament meetings. First of all, I twentyone times. The third item was said, more people would attend.

think,nothing is so wonderful as was that of partaking of the SacraThey should let out on time."

being able to partake of the Sacrament. Our young people do like "Why don't they call on some of

ment. Secondly, I love the music. Sacrament meetings if they are carethe young folks to take charge and

I love music of all kinds, from the fully planned. furnish the program?"

funeral marches to the latest melody- "The speakers are usually old in less jazz. Thirdly, I would rather HTHE following quotations are repspirit and poor in delivery and talk

watch people than almost anything -*- resentative of the dislikes extoo long. There are too many seat

else and Sacrament meetings certainly pressed by the students: gigglers. I would suggest good music,

furnish original individuals for obser- "Most Sacrament meetings become a few flowers, two or three snappy vation. The meetings give me a dry and monotonous. The speakers speakers who talk on the present needs

serene sense of peace and quiet. You are not interesting. The subjects are and the outlook for the future."

relax and sit back and enjoy it. You not interesting. People who cannot "I do not go very often because

may not hear anything that is said, put over their ideas should not be there is little to interest young people."

but you have the spirit of contentment asked to talk in Sacrament meetings."

and rest that a church gives you.""At most Sacrament meetings I '"THERE were twentyfive separate

"The wonderful spirit that is shown cannot help feeling there is a lack of * negative criticisms found in the in our ward at Sacrament meetings sincerity, that the real purpose is foressays written by the students. "Too

is very inspirational. Our ward was gotten. Of course this is not true long"appeared forty times; "Too

just divided and in doing this it has of all meetings, but the more I see dry"appeared thirtyseven times;

brought out to church many people of them the more I feel that they are "Sameness"appeared thirtythree who hadn't often come out before. getting to be a matter of form and times. There were seventy essays

Every one comes out and we have the real spirit is neglected in order handed in. Young people's likes and

a wonderful time. Our Sacrament that things may come off right and dislikes are definite and marked and

meetings are good; all go to church there will be no mistake."are a direct challenge to us as leaders

in our wards. of the idea of and worshipwith God like Sacraabout I don't "What Happy indeed is the leader who hearts, arewith prayerful which humfact that often is the meetings ment

ble."programs are not prepared and one plans his meetings and works out

"I like Sacrament meetings for the is compelled to sit through dry speechprograms that are vital and full of thing they symbolize. It seems to es. I think all meetings should be meaning to the youth of the Church.

me that one cannot be reminded too planned to the last detail with apThe young people like Sacrament frequently of the sacrifice Christ made propriate numbers, speakers and meetings if they are full of spiritual to save the human race."songs."things made vital through music and

likes talks. wellprepared Their and silences inspiring the of most "One engages bishop "The who probthe dislikes our us help with should isin the wonderful meetings church

call are speakers should good men who solve Shall them? lems. we astillness building pervades which

tell talks at should and he making is passed. being the Sacramentwhile

especialtheir to speeches them make is spirit this the of God. timeAt generainteresting ly the to younger

present. smallest theobviously Even

tion."In silence.child Sacrament into seems awed The No

dress rustles, no foot falls, no mouth "Most people now are restless. Theyspeaks; not even a cough disturbs can sit still for just so long and then Sacrament Meeting,

listening start tired getting they of feeling inspiredthe God's holy by us to has come INFORMATION if, talk. that I think to person onespirit, muffle to sounds seems which stakes the in of * that the of wards one a small meeting, the at Sacrament silencelike a blanket. heavy Such given instructions been of have Zion for each be arranged could program this givesas true joy."the to authorities stake the hold by speaker, to the in addition Sunday the hears these meetings one "By after meeting immediately Sacrament attend."people would more young is his otherstestimonies of and own to administer School, not and Sunday

strengthened.""I do not like to attend Sacrament the Sacrament in the Sacrament meet-

"I think there are more likes than meetings for several reasons: the ing.

dislikes about Sacrament meetings. I length, too dry, nonimpressive speechAfter careful consideration of this

think there are many things of ines; the conversation that is carried on matter with the First Presidency, it is

terest: music, prayer, Sacrament, serduring the entire meeting."felt that if is most important that the

572 The Improvement Era for June, 1930

Sacrament be administered in every its value to him in his life's training, that less than onetenth of those who

Sacrament meeting. The Sacrament and responsibility which comes to him hold the Aaronic Priesthood have up

meeting is the one meeting that has when he accepts that Priesthood. to this date secured the course of study

It (revelation required. designated this,been from by appear would from sincerely the that hope members We identity ofthe that purpose Lord. showing not have grasped and many The of the the the parents Church of and

strictlythis the of importance mainPriesthood be should meeting and work particularly, as as boys the well bishit thetained, taking this contherefore be need of should course and of up oprics others supervisors and and who at It preparation at held the as such. beginning be theducted should of be train to appointed the may boys

year. all willthe that prove urge are we hour on apSunday May who assist will in every possible to preway pointed supervise to largest for the the theconvenient of numbermost work office pare for the calling them and of Aaronic Priesthood to take meetings steps Theseof members, imward the Aaronic Priesthood.

mediately their to as have carefully as be anjshould planned quorum memother gatherings held in the ward, in The Aaronic Priesthood reports for bers supplied at an early date.

order to make them just as impressive the month ending February 28, show The Presiding Bishopric.

and spiritual as possible. If proper

care and attention is given to this the therematter, doubt that is no will at these meetingstendance atField Notes materially increase.The Presiding Bishopric.

Aaronic Priestkood

Items A S the result of several inquiries ** that have been made recently, it appears that there is no uniform understanding among the officers of the

Church as to the proper form concerning the advancement of young men holding the Aaronic Priesthood.

Some make advancements by groups and give very little consideration as to the qualifications and preparedness of the young man for advancement.

An excellent course of study has been prepared for the members of the Gathering of Aaronic Priesthood, Teton Stake

Aaronic Priesthood, and if the young men study the outlines, they will be r\URING the latter part of February The Aaronic Priesthood membersforprepared advancement. boy Each first annual Stake Teton all practically performed parts the on the transferredbefore or being advanced gathering held Priesthood Aaronic was for session. program the morning satisfactory a passshould examination

direction Priestthe the under of Stake of the singing Most the done was by the thatfor of demonstrating purpose

J. Durtschi, Committee, John hood splendid talks men. young Three his duties familiar hashe with become

in the present order of the Priesthood, Chairman. were given by a Priest, a Teacher and'

that he has attended to all duties reThe brethren all gathered at the a Deacon, relative to various phases, quired of him, has shown an interest Stake House at 11 a. m. for games. of the Aaronic Priesthood work. Also

in his work which would justify his 12 o'clock luncheon, served by the one of the Eagle Scouts presented a advancement in the Priesthood. When Boy Scouts of Driggs. 1:30 Priestbrief explanation of the Scout Oath

he is found worthy, after serving the hood Meeting. 2:30 all marched to and the Scout Law. The Stake

normal term of service and training, the Orpheum Theater led by the Boy Aaronic Priesthood Committee were he should be invited to attend the next Scout band under the direction of presented by President Bryant S.

sacramental or fast meeting following Clarence Murdock, where they enjoyed Hinckley and Bishop J. A. Rockwood,

his birthday, and there he should be a very fine picture show as guests of Chairman of that committee, made a ordained in the presence of the conthe stake presidency. few remarks, telling of the work being

gregation. The usual term for each A splendid time was enjoyed and done. Altogether the results were very

order of the Priesthood is as follows: all expressed themselves as hoping it satisfactory.

In the office of deacon for three years, should become an annual affair.

the office the for of teacher two years, object of the The day was to stimAttendance Contestoffice years, for three of priest and proin interest ulate the Priesthood Aaronic motion should be based entirely on of the stake. Aaronic Priesthood

the faithful performance of his duties. Aaronic Priesthood Committee,

The ordination to any office in the Teton Stake. "DISHOP OSCAR J. HARLINE of

Priesthood carries with it the responsi- "-J Hillcrest ward, Grant stake, rebility to lead an exemplary life. Liberty Stake Conference ports an attendance contest with Cento date the Prior for proappointed tral as follows: Park ward the in held Conference, Stake the At selected the thosemotion, parents of leadershipregular monthly our At at City, Salt Hall SunAssembly Lake notified.for should be advancement meeting held 22, 1929, September a result as of 20th, April morning, day officers the of AssociaPrimary The supervisor Brother Worthington, Joy there special preparation were over 900tion desire a expressed have to arrange of of Central Priesthood Aaronic Park the Priesthood of Aaronic members last training in year's thethe of boy in challenged ward, Grant any ward in seated the gallery approximately and it will thatthe Association so Primary

atstake to Aaronic Priesthood an a like that of of other members number in the essentialprepare matters, boy three- a for tendance contest of period hall, the a in stake the of body mainespecially to impress the him upon importance of the Aaronic Priesthood, total of 1800 in all. (Continued on page 574)

MUTUAL WORK General Superintendencv General Presidency

Y. M. M. I. A. Gen'l Offices Y. M. M. I. A. Y. L. M. I. A.

George Albert Smith, 47 East South Temple Street Ruth May Fox,

R. Richard Lyman, Lucy Cannon, Grant Gen'l Offices Y. L. M. I. A. J. Ballard, Melvin Clarissa A. Beesley,

Executive Secretary: 33 Bishop's Building Secretary:

Oscar A. Kirkham, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH Elsie Hogan

The June Conference

"THE annual Conference of the Evening * Young Men's and Young Ladies'Mutual Improvement Associations M MenGleaner Theme Demonstrations and final contests.

will be held in Salt Lake City on FriSong Carry On day, Saturday and Sunday, June 6, By Ruth May Fox Sunday, June 8 7, 8.

Preparations for the program are -AP IRM as the mountain around us, Assembly Hall—8:00 a. m.

progressing steadily and there is every Stalwart and brave we stand, Joint Officers testimony meeting.

evidence that this will be an outstandOn the rock our fathers planted a. m. ing convention. The spirit of the ocTheForrockus inof thishonorgoodlyand virtue.land. Tabernacle- -10:00

casion will the be in keeping with faith in the living Of Cod, General Session- -M. I. A. and PriCentennial anniversary of the Church. raised his banner triumphant They Association. mary the desert sod. Over

Program for the Conference Chorus Tabernacle—2:00 p. m.

The general theme of the Conference AndCarrywe hearon, thecarrydeserton, singing.carry on. General Session under the direcis "Onward with Mormon Ideals."Hills and vales and mountains ringtion of First Presidency of the Church.

This theme will color the proceedings ing, on, carry Carry all each session, of on, carry on: will be of which

aloft Tabernacle—7:00 p. m. Holding our colors general, excepting brief peluncheon

in the glorious march dawn. We riods period and

the of youth, birthright. noble on Saturday morning, O General Session of M Men and 9 to from 10 o'clock.

carry on, carry Carry Gleaners. on. on.

Friday, June 6 We'll plantedbuild on the rock they Following the Conference, on Monday, palace to 9, there will the June king; be held a Music A Assembly a. m. Hall—its Into shining corridors convention. All directors music of Joint opening the session-—under10:00 praise songs of we'll bring. Our both L. the Y. and Y. I. A. M. M. direction the of Officers. Executive At the heritage For left us. they are cordially invited attend. to this will meeting be various presented of or gold wealth. worldly Not

exercises in keeping with the theme But a blessing everlasting Also, on Monday and Tuesday, June and also a dramatization representing Of love and joy and health. 9 and 10, will be held the usual Y. L.

the Improvement Era. M. I. A. Institute for leaders of all

12:15 a. m. departments.

10:00 a. m. Thursday, June 5, will occur Assembly Hall—On Special group meetings: VanguardScout Meeting. contests the for Divisions 2 and 3 and BeeKeepers.

Junior Leaders. Tabernacle 10:00 a. m. District 3.

Festival of BeeHive and Junior Girls:

4:30 p. m. Demonstrations of the varied activSecretaries

M. I. A. Outing ities of both departments. All Junior

and BeeHive Girls of the Church The month of May marks the close

I. A. Saturday, June 7 invitedThis towillparticipate.be a general session for ofwork.the intensiveThe reportseasonfor thisof yearM. is not

9:00 a. m. all Y. L. M. I. A. workers. a scoring report, but a record of your

achievements. If a have you kept Separate Meetings: Department 12:15 p. m.

duplicate as copy recommended, you Executives. Stake Superintendents Stake and file a have on now complete record Secretaries. Presidents special will be guests the of of the features acmain of work Department. Music General Boards at luncheon. complished year. the during Activities Associated Department.

Adult Department. Afternoon How has the present form met your

M MenGleaner Department. Semifinals in all contest events. needs, We shall appreciate receiving

Finance and Publications DepartSwarm Day Demonstrations. comments from stake or ward secrement. BeeHive Girls. taries.

574 The Improvement Era for June, 1930

Attendance Contest more, promised that he would attend. competition. We arranged, therefore,

Sunday came but the young man was for the banquet in our ward on SatAaronic Piresthood not present. After the class had comurday, Feb. 1, 1930, at 7:30 p. m.

(Continued from page 572) menced, the Teachers'Quorum PresOur banquet hall was beautifully months—October, November and Detoidencyhis homeleft theandmeeting.succeededTheyin gettingwent decoratedtable 84 feetin pinklongandandwhite,an extrawithtableone

cember. him to come to meeting. This oc14 feet long. The members were

Brother Wallace E. Potter, supercurred twice. As a result, this young served with a delicious hot supper. In

visor of the Hillcrest ward, accepted man is preparing himself to be oraddition to the bishoprics, ward clerks the challenge for the bishopric. The dained a priest. and their wives, and the supervisors,

conditions agreed upon were: The At the close of the contest, the and 155 members of the Aaronic

contest to begin October 1st and end attendance record for the period was Priesthood of the two wards, there the the having 31st; ward asDecember teachers follows: present were Bishop Smith A. David priests—86%;

to treated to recordbest attendance be average the Presiding or of an Bishopric the and 74%; deacons—89%;

other the party and bya banquet of the However, Stake Central Park Aaronic Priesthood 83%. Committee

ward; the attendance to be based on ward showed an average attendance of Grant stake. Following the banthe entire ward Aaronic Priesthood of 8 7 J/2 %, thereby winning the quet, suitable games were played.

enrollment, including absent members, older men, etc.

in Hillcrest adopted methods The attendance to were as Monthly Report of Accomplishments promoteward supervisor, togetherfollows: Our March, 1930

leaders, visited eachwith the class man or boy in the ward who was not reg- Y. M. M. I. A.

ularly attending, advised him of the contest, and asked for his cooperation Week by Week Program by attendance at Priesthood and SunAt- t3u attendmeetings, and Schoolday by a;>> 1 STAKES tendance 13 OSy that If agreed, at theance banquet. he ft n bes s;S3 Avg. 3 oSi if sufficient. But anywas member ftO 3oow4a 3> paid the bishopric promise, notwould

Boise 100 30 10 60 40 30 40 60 visit cooperahis a sought andhim Cottonwood 40 30 70 70 60 30 60 50 30 40 20 30 20 40tion. If, thereafter, abGranite any boy was

86 7 43 Grant 50 78 100 86 50 sent, the would quorum presidency 100 North Davis 50 80 80 48 80 16 100 visit him before the following Sunday. OneidaPioneer 5530 6660 5550 2210 5550 2230 2210 7770

For instance, one young man, an PortneufSalt Lake 2324 8956 4934 348 4589 2355 12 10056 ordained teacher, who had not been Tooe'e 20 40 30 30 30 70 at a quorum meeting for a year or Uintah 36 36 24 36 36

WOULDN'T YOU LIKE TO BE A WINNER, TOO?

.

These Young People Have Won 24 Typewriters in Local and National Contest's

SUMMER TERM STARTS JUNE 2 Taking advantage of Summer School will put you in a position two or three months sooner.

Difference in earnings positions more than wewillcouldpayfill.for a course. A position secured for every graduate. We have had

Call, write, or phone for information. Visitors welcome.

HENAGER'S BUSINESS COLLEGE J. C. Henager D, B. Moench

45 Kast Broadway Wasatch 275II

ENROLL IN A SCHOOL WITH A NATIONAL REPUTATION

. nt nn < The Improvement Era for June, 1930 575

Y. L. M. I. A. A venerable man is pleased

when admired; in these days there

are no venerable women to adWeek by Week Program mire.

V is 4 stingy genusually man The

M < a STAKES -! 43 advice. erous with 13i a

Junior C hn> i goj (SV 01 cackler the in loudest yard > "O<!P4 The aO < < 5 egg. largest lay does the not always

100 40 40 83 40 100 67Alpine his paceas 33 poverty with 22 33 33 man 22 22 A 44 44Bannock 73 27 55 64 37 64 73 45Bear Lake rec- a often world's maker makes 100 40 82 76 57 81 76 RiverBear 92 64 85 90 ord. 76 43 100Benson

80 10 40 10 70 70 40 70Boise Retsloff. 100 C. 74 53 100 60 81 88 81—DorothyBoxelder

100 23 100 100 100 100 100JCache 71 14 67 28 67 71 42Carbon 60 20 40 100 20 67 80Cassia 80 20 30 80 80 80 70 50Cottonwood 42 50 50 67 50 33Deseret 80 40 90 80 80 50 50 JordanEast 28 71 71 56 71 28Emery 100 9 36 73 73 73 50 45Ensign 100 Kewanee 42 57 72 72 42 42 85Fremont 60 12 12 12 25 50 50Garfield 80 20 90 90 80 40 50Granite Steel 93 Firebox Kewanee 21, 93 78 86 70 71Grant 69 71 66 66 56 69 69Gunnison 91 9 36 82 45 91 100 36Hollywood Boilers 100 25 50 50 100 100Hyrum 78 17 38 54 62 69 69 17Idaho 80 60 100 80 100 100 80 Falls2Idaho are Universally for Adopted 50 17 50 50 100 40 50 50Juarez 83 17 50 66 33 33 50 66Kanab 100 20 60 60 100 100 100 80Kolob S. Chapels L. and all Other D. 100 17 32 100 83 100 100 83Lehi

100 46 100 100 100 89 73Liberty Representative Buildings 100 90 70 60 90 60 80 AngelesLos 50 25 25 25 25 25 RiverLost 67 67 33 60 60 67 67Lyman 24 63 50 50 73 50 38Malad 100 30 70 60 80 80 70 80Maricopa 17 100 83 83 100 100 33—.3Millard

12 50 24 12 24 12 KE.WAJNEE. 5o| LEU CPRP9RATI9N 24 36Minidoka

89 11 67 78 100 83 67 56Moapa 64 7 7 57 71 49 57Montpelier 100 12 50 60 24 37 86 37Morgan 60 HAWLEYRICHARDSON- 20 40 60 80 60 60 60Moroni 89 44 89 55 89 89 84Nebo WILLIAMS CO. 40 80 80 100 100 60 100 Sanpete4North

100 25 75 75 75 100 100 50 SevierNorth 7 91 65 7 43 60 65 50North Weber District Representatives 91 - 27 100 91 91 73 82Ogden 73 27 73 27 18 64 73 55Oneida Oquirrh 83 100 83 100 83 66 100 204 Dooly Bldg.

Panguitch 40 40 25 17 25 17 40 30 20 40 50 60 80Parowan 30 50 Salt Lake City 100 50 90 80 100 70 80Pioneer

Pocatello 30 100 90 70 80 70 40 100

Raft River 32 17 32 32 32 32 17 17

Roosevelt 30 60 60 30 40 20 80

Snowflake 22 55 44 22 44 33 55

South Davis 75 100 100 87 87 75 37 100

South Sevier 50 50 63 36 85 23 74 "Star Valley 36 45 82 45 54 54 82

Sharon 100 100 100 100 71 28 100

St. Johns 56 56 28 28 14 42

St. Joseph 21 50 36 36 57 43 43 50

5Salt Lake 50 92 92 75 92 53 100

Taylor 60 80 80 60 60 20 100 Timpanogos 67 100 67 100 100 17 100 'Tintic 25 75 75 50 50 Tooele 85 24 61 24 73 36 61 Twin Falls: 4036 10060 4085 6012 4073 2060 4024 100100Uintah

Utah 78 67 89 89 89 22 100 'Wasatch 66 100 100 100 100 100 100 "Weber 55 77 77 88 88 66 100 10West Jordan 85 85 85 73 87 25 100

Woodruff 100 100 100 20 100 100 60 100 "Yellowstone 70 50 50 37 60 50 20 60

Young 50 50 50 25 50 25 100 Zion Park 50 83 50 17 50 50 17 83 12California Mission 30 60 50 27 33 42 27 72 lnEastern States Mission.. 43 37 6

"Northern State 3 Mission 56 43 12 12 18 50

IJbraDIAMOND in basis. opera of completed drama. place given ward on stake Shows:Road One PARKqua/i// ipOYD completed drama. ward 2One

Set in a TRAUB 1st. April opera presenting 'One ward

penuine Orange Sunday. conjoint held School on Sunday 4Three wards Blossom Ring

will give in drama. will wards present opera wards 5Two ConventionApril—three "Wedding Ring

8One ward has completed all back work. Match to

7One ward held Gleaner party—one Gold and Green Ball.

Two wards to present opera.

sOpera to be presented in one ward soon. "Three wards have completed drama. Two wards to present opera, BOTO PARK JEWELERS STREET SALT LAKEf/'CITY 13Two wards have completed drama. 16<5 MAIM

J2One play given. $twritno moretobuyfrom Boyd FbrL

"One Gleaner party given—one dance—four socials. CWEDrr IP PtSIMD-*

"One branch completed three oneact plays.

576 The Improvement Era for June, 1930

Community Activity Department E. E. Ericksen, Emily C. Adams, Chairmen; Heber C. Iverson, John H. Taylor, W. O. For the Bride]

F. Jos. Cornwall, Smith, Robinson, J. Spencer Charlotte Don Wood, Stewart, Elsie T. The Bride's wedding stationery |

Jensen, Brandley, C. T. Beesley, Evangeline Katie Ethel S. Anderson should include:—-The wedding in- j

vitation or announcement—The

"at home cards,"and Calling Cards.,

Motion Pictures Monogrammedproper thing for stationerythe bride's isthankthe

Children and the Movies littleand feetbarefoots)washed,where(forthewekindesthave matermany Ouryou notes.own engraving department

failed. nal admonitions had connecchildren's of to serve problem stands ready your everyTHE affection Confidence be and to were is which one the movies tion with for need forms. wedding built up, reaching their parents through thinking of attention the is challenging children. busican say where And who Parenteverywhere. Manypeople Co., Pembroke left off ness friendship and began? We

Teachers'Associations have taken up humans are conglomerations and do not 24 E. Broadway,

the matter, with the result that matialways know our own motives, perhaps Salt Lake City.

nees in school buildings or regular because mixjed motives 'are not really Please send me samples and prices contradictory with no obligaforms wedding motives but just fusions of on given especially are beingshowhouses tion part. on my our several parts. chosen pictures withfor children,

which are appropriate. Mrs. Thomas This asset of children's confidence and

itself affection felt reName in has made our Picture"the in "Motion Winter,G.

lations the with whole community, and in accomplishedtells one of what man a result, as largely a enjoyed have we Address respect.this increased a large attendance measure and

Sixteen months ago, Mr. K. took over of respect from their parents. This

the management of a theater in a hardnaturally opened the door for us to assist working, Godfearing community of many in many civic movements and to enlist children to the home, a community where the support of our friends and patrons there was not much money, but very in carrying out movements inaugurated i inas an theater the of ourselves. suspicion bymuch Pembroke's

neither devil. Life had the ofstrument Associations ParentTeachers Clubs and 24 E. Broadway leisure, but culture nor muchabundant Daughters of and all kinds with which

it had a strict adherence to duty, and we are familiar began to use the theater SALT LAKE CITY friends with all, make youafter when benefits. for came. Orphan Asylum The

worthwhile are that, more like theyfolks sent u J Old Ladies'had motors The Home variety. easycome-easygo thethan for carrying them and them back with

Things did not look hopeful for the tender care. "The youngest was 75 and

unan he had manager. Thoughnew the oldest told only she was 94 years me

playbuilding, it was lovely littleusually old, in the only one and the who Home ing to half empty benches. He saw had any sense."

unprejuhope, his as chief childrenthe

I Said hold hands Mr. K. "In my real to human souls small opendiced

a a fruit. rose of white package YOU and: are going judges, impartial whotouch, yesterday given were two by They me it really theater what the byto measure children. success are a of symbol They that you he knewgives them. And priceless the words. same beyond At than you a more child any foolcan't WILL gifts these a are subtle time warning

friendliness. false a by animal ancan life if that in personal betide woe my Instinctively Say! he Well, thing. genuine theIt to be has theater, the or the conduct of do we children. like to pretend to havedid not spirit that grieve the will aught which IT'S basis a there did. was So honestlyHe little in those ones prompted making

prosperity. Already build to whichon gifts."these DISTINCTIVELY Satto coming childrendriblets were of

it is It fiction. piece a of not No. small enthusiastic not very matinees,urday DIFFERENT is a real in actual the story of managei else could sure, where but to bepeople,

a city. a rather of sordid big suburb began the manager newthey go? But

is every a theater of part community The these in the lobby standing reignhis by life. day each a to saying wordafternoons, andchild, not a remote grownuppy word, Not every manager has the clearness A CLEAN PLACE FOR

this one, vision of perhaps, of even that greeting a fellow goodbut but all THE FAMILY TO are differences of a pretty them human, and human on far as so to commentwent new dress worn by a small girl, or a and antagonisms usually fade when susPLAY pat on the shoulder with a grin at a picions come face to face and find out boy. Then began choice of such pictures of what flimsy material they are made.

It for the business manager. was good to interesting boys and reallyas were

still is It better business for and If you would enjoy the thrills of mothers emotions ofgirls, stories the kinds with and adventures that they could underteachers to make sure that such underaquatic sport as well as the comfort stand and enjoy. Soon the matinees standing grows up in the places to which of a rested, healthy body

added singing contests (and what people their children are flocking that the exdoes dare not of hibitor the infection age can resistof any to violate the trust TWICE that is placed in turns him. or unexpected together?)singing

that had the charm of novelty. At this same conference, another man- A WEEK Then a surprise prize for the boy ager said: "I get more pleasure out of SWIM

free at afAT the children a Saturday watching waswhose appearance the neatest—a

matinee asternoon than fromadmission. mothers would be any other Youtounded to see the change in scores of performance of the week."And still BECKS

is another: junior matineekids to another. one week "Any from We profitDRIVE OUT AND DIVE IN if it all children, able carefully is the for as they camenoted them right show

each week, tousled heads were slicked up regardless of its financial income."

The Improvement Era for June, 1930 577

The Church and its ResponTheEvangelineDeerslayer L United ArtistsEdited sibility Freckles R. K. O. WHITE FAWN FLOUR

The Harvester -—.. R. K. O.

Various religious denominations are Keeper of the Bees. R. K. O. LEADS

Cinderella THEM for Kiss Paramount Arealizing the the of importance moALL Laddie R. K. O. their tion picture in the lives of memLittle Minister The Paramount

bers, and the Responsibility of the Little Women Paramount ASK FOR church in regulating it. In no other The Magic Garden R. K. O. NEW RED

such group, perhaps, is there the opMolly MakeBelieve Paramount CROSS portunity which we have in our Mrs. Wiggs of the Cabbage HEALTH

PRODUCTS. Patch Paramount for in everyChurch, stake and ward INSIST ON Artists Pollyanna United

is effected organizationan prowhich WHITE Artists United vides attack. avenues of Surely we Ramona FAWN Robinson Crusoe Amefanglo

should not lag behind other religious The Taming of the Shrew United Artists FLOUR.

bodies in this matter, and the followThe Three Musketeers United Artists ing is a statement of the attitude taken Tide of Empire Metro Goldwyn Mayer by many of them: Treasure Island Fox OfficesWasatchand1922 WarehouseSalt722LakeStateCity, StreetUtah

(Continued on page 582) "The motion picture has improved steadily in the past eight years. Future

improvement depends primarily on the intelligence and willingness on the part of the church and other community groups to do some work with the ininsteaddustry hunting of futilely for evVACUUM CLEANER ery possible of evil, and magnifying atom that evil as if it were the whole screen.

Wherever the church forsakes its proper purpose of standards introducing high of The Eureka Cleans by "High Vafine persuasionlife and and behavior by the example, wherever andby church cuum"Nothing Less than "Washpoliticallyappeals to laws adminand istered to. boards the work do by force

instruction and ing"Things With Airwhich it should do by leadership, the church fatally falls down.

this seen demonstrated have in moreWe is more thorough—none morethan one reform where we thought we No cleaning method

victory, achievedhad belts or brushes to contend with merely by the pasgentle—no * * *sage of a law.

"Censorship will not work. It will "Eureka"in its 21st Year of Leadership.

pictures.not give us clean It will not in The "Grand Prize"Cleaner of Them Allbring continuing about improvement

the product. The only means by whichwe can achieve such continuing improve Free Trial—-Call Today for Particulars

ment is, on the one hand, to lead our people to appreciate and desire the best, the other hand,and on to make the Eureka Vacuum Cleaner Co.

realize picture that they industrymotion can have the full support of the ministry Phone Wasatch 4764 177 East Broadway, Salt Lake City and the community in so far as the > I I e—miitamni-m

industry will respond to this desire for high quality product."

One of the most perplexing questions which present themselves in thematter of motion pictures, is the one rMANTI TEMPLE pictures are worthwhile?""Which

lists had, are to be but approved ENDORSES IRON FIREMANMany lists are not so plentiful. It is a difAutomatic coal burner maintains even heat and cuts

ficult pictures thing to perpreview fuel bills.

sonally, to the thing is next best and operation, Lewis Anderson, president Iron Fireman years of Afteruse two groups lists previewed by interested writes: Utah, Manti, of Temple, Manti of thethroughout the country and recomre- satisfaction. engineer splendid Our given Fireman has Iron "Our people.mended by dependable building the uniform of maintaining the that

1 issavingmade also notice a of firing. style marked are films following than easier The selected by heatWethroughout muchports

Iron is boilers, with only needed one fuel. two in have Although theweoldthe Library particularly Committee, Fireman."

suitable for children: Thousands of Iron Fireman users have had the same pleasant experience as the Manti Temple. Replacing old fashioned methods of firing

Book Adaptations i fromwith an15%Ironto 50%,Firemanreductionautomaticin laborcoal burnercosts, eliminationmeans reductionof the ofsmokefuel costsnuiAdventures of Maya Klein Corporation sance, and the maintenance of even heat and power at all times.

information, further Iron see Fireman your For (Life adventures and of Maya) district representative, phone Mayne IRON orMANUFACwTrite or FIREMANagent,As Loved Has No Man Fox City, Salt Utah. 1C23 Avenue, Yale TURING Lake COMPANY,Read,

classic Historical (Hale's 'The WithMan out a Country') Black Beauty Warner Blue Bird ParamountThe I IRON FIREMANCaptain Principal JanuaryConnecticut Yankee in King Arthur's j AUTOMATIC COAL BURNER

Court Fox jj THE MACHINE THAT MADE COAL AN AUTOMATIC FUEL

The Cricket on the Hearth Edited 578 The Improvement Era for June, 1930

froHfr(-<>j - Gleaners Department DISTINCTIVE M Men! LIGHTING COMMITTEE

Combined M Men and Gleaners Committees | FIXTURES

i j For Residential or plans for the great Gleaner Decoration THE

Church Purposes ernacleGirlMon MenSundayMeetingeveningin theof TabJune Alma C. Clayton, Chairman

Conference are being worked out by a Grace C. Neslen

number of committees. The keynote Lillian Booth, American Fork

inspire will be to an D. R. Forsha, the program Ogden Send for Catalog of

the founof for the appreciation work Mildred Morgan, Salt Lake i ders of our Church and to stir every- i one up with an enthusiastic desire to Housing j Elder Bros. Electric carry on the good work in the future.

1 Part of the program will take place Homer Warner, Chairman 136 East Broadway on the huge stage erected for the pagMartha G. Smith

Salt Lake City eant while the remainder of it will be T. F. Williams, Ogden

in the nature of singing and speaking A. P. Warnick, Provo

by the M Men and Gleaners. AcJames W. Fitches, Salt Lake

cording to all reports, the whole lower floor of the Tabernacle and Stores at Branch occupied stage will be the of

I by The Banquet M MenGleaner the in while Gleaners, and Men Ogden teachofficers seated and will be j Mmostgallery S there everybody knows, are ban- A organization. ers I. A. the of M. Ave. '233 7 Washington quets, * 4 banquets, the and and

: Provo j modateBecauseall ofwhoourwillinabilitydesire toto accomattend serveddifferencebut doesn'tin the atmospherelie 'in the offoodthe

215 West Center St.! thisexceptmeeting,by ticketsno onewhichwill willbe admittedbe disoccasion.clothes awakenFlowers,the artisticlights,sense. prettyAdd

- i tributed first to M Men and Gleaners to these the elevation of thought and and then to stake and ward officers feeling which is inspired by a few and teachers, and third to the public. words of grace simply, but sincerely,

during uttered; by beautiful music; by comWINNING NEW These tickets will be given out

I. Users Every Day thewillJunebe decoratedConference.with bannersThe Tabernaclefrom all munityA. songs,singingand theof wellknownbest emotionsM. of

of the stakes in the Church together the heart are aroused.

decorations appropriate other with banquet and ball was A delightful is being to make everything done and

Bigelow, in the Hotel Ogden, successful this and held the most meeting the Gleaner Utah, and by Men M of gathering spectacular men young

Stake, Girls the of unOgden Mount our the of history in and women

I. der the the direction of A. M. in the stake and Every Church. ward

Presidency. Stake and hundred Two advertise the meeting should Church

served. guests thirtyone were Each their all in to power do widely and

its arranged planned and ward own Gleaners to as and have many Men M a the result decorations, table being the as meeting. possible attend

harmonious display of beautiful flowers.

Program An interesting feature of the deHerbert B. Maw, Chairman lightful program was the toast "To

Thomas A. Beal the Gleaner Girls,"by Art Farley, an

Emily H. Higgs M Man, and its response "To the M

Rachel G. Taylor Men,"by Eula Waldram, a Gleaner

Floyd G. Eyre, Ogden girl. At the close of the dinner, when

Eula Waldram, Ogden the large gathering rose to its feet and

Helen S. Williams, Salt Lake sang: Dear M. I. A., it was with

Werner Kiepe, Salt Lake swelling hearts.

Clarence S. Boyle, Provo In the ballroom the dance program

Leona Durrant, Provo featured the Gold and Green Caprice, danced by six sets from the different

Advertising wards. Master of ceremonies Floyd CONOCO Eyre introduced Edvenia Jeppson of

GERM PROCESSED OscarMarthaW.G. Carlson,Smith Chairman dancersthe StaketogetherBoard, withwhoonehadhundredtrained andthe

PARAFFIN BASE Allen Brockbank, Salt Lake fifty other dancers. The demonstraRuth Tanner, Ogden tion was very beautiful and enjoyed

LeRoy Olsen, Provo by all.MOTOR OIL

The Improvement Era for June, 1930 579

The Utah High School of Beauty \ Culture 331 Clift Bldg., Salt Lake \

Learn a profession that would make 'the independent for vou rest of j catalog. for life. Write your Summertime etc., were carried on, and before the

appointed date every single girl was Mail this Coupon.

VW"HAT is so rare as a day in assured of a place. The affair was

** June?"the poet asks, and the held at the Hotel Utah, and beautiful Name Ianswer is simple: nothing—unless it decorations lent an air of festivity beAddress |

be the glorious vacation days that folfore the banquet began. The girls, as

seashore they arrived in and andlow after. Mountain dresses, City their colorful

provide board to room and We can suggested glorious are calling, in the thepark and gathering of a bouquet, of town. students out

freedom of the summer some of the {Continued on page 583) old feelings vanish and new, wonderful ones take their place. Romance is

in the air, borne on the fragrance of flowers; youth is exemplified in the

loveliness of nature, and hearts are light. It is right and natural that girls

should enjoy life, particularly the beautiful seasons; but it is right, too,

that they should realize that just as spring and summer are only a part of the year, so is girlhood just a part of life. Years lie ahead, years that should

and can be the "best of life for which the first was made,"and every act and thought of girlhood will remain as a part of womanhood.

Make the summer lovely in itself, and twice lovely in the memories it will create. Remember that a serious

misstep never can be undone, and that from the carefree, impulsive girl you are today, you will grow into the thoughtful, purposeful woman of tomorrow.

May every day of your summer vacation become a happy and blessed memory!

Contribute to the honor and happiness of your home by being to your parents what you hope your children someday may be to you!

Gleaner Banquets

idea has banquet GleanerTHE to a very small one from a grown big and interesting one. Members of

the General Board who have visited on such occasions are delighted with the success attending them, and the joy of schemescreated them: Various by

are used, and arrangementcolor and M. I. A. OUTING—

most interesting programs are preALWAYS THE GREATEST DAY IN JUNE!

sented.

A trip to Saltair is always the big fun feature of your visit in

Ensign Stake Salt Lake City. Utah's incomparable pleasure resort opens May

for run. 30 allsummer an of report the Ensign Stake BanTHE

juet will doubtless be is one which out with your friends Come on M. I. A. Day—enjoy the unique interest to all stakes suggestionsof and

for next year might develop from it. program Friday, June 6.

planned banquet was many The efforts to ELECTRIC TRAINS EVERY HALF HOUR ahead,weeks put forth and raise sufficient money that every TWO FINE MOTOR WAYS

Gleaner girl in the stake might attend.

Plays, vaudeville skits, candy sales,..

580 The Improvement Era for June, 1930

oMfr<)WI<)<)OI)< i* The COMMITTEE n "i May Booth Talmage, Chairman Laura P. Nicholson

Agnes S. Knowlton Julia S. Baxter Marie C. Thomas

BlueBird THROUGH lack of space some notes form a huge wreath or garland for on June Conference were not decorative purposes. The roses should

printed in the May Era. Will you be somewhat open and not too small. MATTRESS kindly, therefore, reread our letter of Perfection of detail is not essential;

April 1, and also all general informarather keep in mind the decorative

Points of Superiority tion concerning the Conference, in this effect to be achieved in that immense

COMFORT, Era?sire especiallyThere areto emphasize:a few points we desomeauditorium.shade of roseCrepecolor,paperbut notmustnecesbe

BEAUTY, 1. The separate meeting for Junior sarily of the best quality. It may be

after such main where the purchased any store Friday, June 6, leaders on QUALITY, single for carried. our session, terials are Stems general when morning

WORKMANSHIP, next year's work will be presented, roses should be about 12 inches long

ENDURANCE, problems discussed, and information of and may be made either with DenLOW COST, presentments willinterestbe served.given out. Refreshwreathnison's mayor radiobe fastenedwire. onRosesDennison'sfor the

SERVICE. 2. The JuniorBee-Hive Festival or cotton clothes wire. Leaves should

on Saturday, June 7th at 10:00 a. m. not be purchased, but made of ordiMost Furniture Stores in the Tabernacle. nary crepe paper. Flowers should be

Sell It (All Y. L. M. I. A. officers are exsent to the Y. L. M. I. A. General

pected to attend this session. We trust Board Office, 33 Bishop's Building.

filled should reach will Utah, and be the Tabernacle by Lake City, memSalt PIONEER conference. hearts their that before bers the committee and and friends,

MATTRESS will be touched by the message and Urge every Junior girl to memorize of music achievements of our lovely young and the words our two Junior

It's songs: to FACTORY girls) be Girt a Junior Joy

Salt Lake City, Utah j 3. Leadership Institute. (It is hoped and Junior Roses, so they may be sung

'i that as many Junior Leaders as can with spirit and uniformity.

arrange to do so, will remain for the We desire to emphasize the thought twoday Institute following the Conthat all departments are part of the ference. This will be in the nature great M. I. A. movement; so, for the

of a school and each session will be of opening and closing numbers we shall great value in preparing leaders for sing M. I. A. We Hail Thee, and

their responsible positions) M. I. A., Our M. I. A., and these also

Attendance at the Conference in should be thoroughly practiced and

June is recognized as of paramount immemorized. All of these selections

portance in developing efficient leadwill be found in the middle section of ership. A trite but expressive figure of the M. I. A. Song Book.

speech likens this occasion to the recharging of a battery. Those officers Junior Girls Join M-Men and

find renewed are sure to who attend their for work. Gleaners in Banquet courage strength and

I You Cannot Afford j Careful planning may enable many to /\NE of the most delightful events of

S great opporof this themselves avail Stake season the Minidoka was [ to be Without a develuplift for spiritual and tunity l held, at the banquet which about "Caterpillar"Tracopment. hundred and sixty M Men, Gleanersone

tor During 1930! Items to be Sent at Once to andprogramJuniorandgirlsdancewerewerepresent.under Thethe

profit by lowering Make your proWard Junior Leaders ficers.directionDaffodilsof the gracingM. I. A.the Staketable andOfcosts and increasing operating

duction. as favors to used shamrocks combined convencan members who JUNIOR

the carry Green color and out Gold to asked wear so, are iently do is the Tractor "Caterpillar"The

I. the scheme of dresses A. suits M. or colored or cream white this. sure only way of doing

with a rose colored rose or corsage. M. I. A. and other songs were sung

a have as the We the entire group opening not in by request, must however, size for you at a This pay. can price you followed program, by on the number attending girl from deter any any way

because she cannot procure a special an address of welcome by Amy Harleader, Girl a Gleaner rison, Stake! costume. Landes & Company trio, Girls'vocal chorus and Cooperation of all Junior girls is Junior Dealers

trio short instrumental selections and our Project in demontrating desired SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH L. Superintendent A. In adtalks by Stake the Tabernacle. decorating by

Branches Logan, Tremonton, Nephi, dition to making her own rose or May and Ralph McCloy, stake M Men

Utah—Malad and Preston, Idaho corsage, may we hope to get an adPresident.

ditional rose contributed from each The remainder of the evening was i girl in the class, and at least a yard of spent in dancing, and most delightful tomimmmm roses from the group as a whole to the affair proved to be.

The Improvement Era for June, 1930 581

K. P. Co.

Ketterer & Perschon Co.

65 7 Washington Street Salt Lake City, Utah BeeHive Messages while the others work. We would PaperhangingInterior Decorating,in PrivatePainting,

refer you to reading course lists as pubHomes, Churches, Amusement "V\7E have closed our season's intenlished in the M. I. A. Hand Book Halls

'at arrived sive have pages and inclusive. to work 132 129 Quality Right Prices—High books, period. the vacation hand The Satisfaction Assured ask that cooperate with you We

etc., combooks, scrap show how REQUEST SKETCHES ON stake your in putting over and ward

girls efficiently have the pletely and Hy. 375i Phone Was. Phone 2797 a successful Daughters'Mothers and

in each goal. their joy reached The

M* (Continued page on 583) effort testifies expended, the to heart the service rendered, and the growth marked.

The schools are dismissed and the

BeeHive girls have a great deal of leisure time on their hands and we feel that the BeeKeepers now have a real opportunity for service. What

are you going to do to help the girls use their time profitably? We Improvement

are sure they will be very enthusiin the appearance of painted surfaces in astic if you call them together and plan a nice summer program. This prothe home, outside and inside, is assured

gram should be full of various kinds by the use of "Property Life Insurof activities. We suggest the following: hiking, boating, swimming, lawn ance"products. A new, popular one is

parties, home parties, handcrafts, outings, gardening, etc. All your activities should be planned with the view

toward cell filling. The summer period is a good time for the girls to

earn beelines and merit badges. Plan at least one good hike. Every Bennett's

hike should be taken with a purpose have your girls remember they are BeeHive girls; sing your BeeHive songs,make original songs using your swarm Troprw

name and symbol. Study the bees,

birds, trees, wild flowers, formation of rocks, etc., along the way. Many cells insurance. can be filled—in mountain climbing

cells 620, 624, 625; for nature study,

cells 515, 517, 580, 581, 582 and others; and for your lunch, cells 105,

106, 111. girls will a nice enjoy lawn The Quick Enamel at a either or party, at some home all they can playsuitable park where excellent utility enamel in—an as are games, such outdoor kinds of

suggested in the Field of Health under eight bright colors. It dries

"Dancing and Games."All programs quickly to a high, durable gloss.

should be well planned and carried out so that your time will be profitSuitable for furniture and decably spent and enjoyable. orative purposes.

The girls should find a great deal of interest in all sorts of handwork. The the Made by the makers of Bennett's Pure Paints is a period time forvacation good

girls to make Christmas presents and in painting old furniture. It is surin lovelyprising ways the many which Bennett Glass & Paint Co. scraps materials of silkold around and

the home can be made into rugs, pil65 West First South articles,lows, tied lamp dyed and Salt Lake City girls etc. enshades, should be The

couraged to read good books and it may be interesting for one girl to read

582 The Improvement Era for June, 1930

Mutual Work, Continued Community Activity

{Continued from page 577) Every article which leaves our shop is not only cleaned Twenty Thousand Leagues Under Glorious Betsy Warner and refreshed but also guarThetheValleySea of the Giants First UniversalNationalisingThe Ironof KingsMask United PatheArtists anteed free from objectionThe Vanishing American ParamountMonsieur Beaucaire Paramount

Street Quality G. M. M. able odor of all cleaning maArtists United Robin Hood Comedies

terials. Scaramouche M. G. M.

The Circus United Artists The Ten Commandments Paramount

Girl Shy Pathe The Viking M. G. M.

The Gold Rush United Artists When Knighthood was in

Mail orders handled carefully Go West Metro Goldwyn Mayer Flower Cosmopolitan

Grandma's Boy Pathe A Boy of Flanders M. G. M-

and promptly Safety Last Pathe Boy of Mine First National

Speedy Paramount The Bugle Call M. G. M.

The War Horse Fox Dress Parade Pathe

Salt The Eagle United Artists Lake's Fairy Tales The Fire Brigade M. G. M.

Master Alice in Wonderland Pathe TheSeventhRainbowHeavenMan ParamountFox

Cleaners Through the Looking Glass Pathe West Point M. G. M.

and Cinderella Paramount M. G. M. stands for MetroGoldwyn-

Hansel and Gretel Edited Mayer.

Jack and the Beanstalk Fox R. K. O. stands for RadioKeith-

Little Orphant Annie Edited Orpheum.

Peter Pan Paramount Seven Swans Paramount Thief of Bagdad United Artists United Artists Pictures

American History Robin Hood, with Douglas Fairbanks.

Don Q., Son of Zorro,

Barbara Frietchie Pathe Tumbleweeds, with W. S. Hart.

Betsy Ross Edited Partners Again.

Courtship of Miles Standish Edited Sparrows, with Mary Pickford.

Covered Wagon Paramount Winning of Barbara Worth.

Flaming Frontier Universal The General, with Buster Keaton.

Heart of Maryland Warner College, with Buster Keaton.

Use Concrete J?IronniceHorseMeredith M. G. FoxM. MyThe BestTempest,Girl, withwith JohnMary Barrymore.Pickford.

Little Old New York M. G. M. Sorrel and Son, with H. B. Warner.

Old Ironsides Paramount Express Paramount Riders Paramount Cooling Tanks PonyRough Salt Lake Stakes at Work of Trail '98 M. G. M.

Yankee Clipper Pathe Bacteria multiply when milk Two committees, appointed by is warm. Travel Stones Bishops of Salt Lake City wards having motion picture shows, have been

Your market requirements Alaskan Adventures Pathe working earnestly on motion picture for quality can be met by j Chang Paramount problems, with the hope that some of the use of concrete for coolGrass Paramount the difficulties might be overcome, and

Paramount Moana the the benefit rest of have the Church ing tanks, stable floors and Pathe of the North Nanook effort. their is ap- E. F. Huber Epics of mangers. Talking Picture Simba

White Shadows in the South pointed chairman of a subcommittee

Free information about j Seas M. G. M. for purchase and preview of pictures;

of C. subcom- chairman W. Anderson the uses of concrete in dairy j to general consider atmosphere, Sports mittee sent farming on request. ventilation order, fire hazmusic, and

of Harvard G. Brown M. M. ards. sent these of recomhave Both Use a post card! at the Bat Paramount dsey the general to mendations Community

National First Kick Drop it is Activity hoped Committee, and Pathe Freshman The PORTLAND CEMENT j will definitely helpful that something School Hero High Fox

ASSOCIATION j One Minute to Play R. K. O. be ready to present at June ConferMcCorniek Building The Quarterback Paramount ence, so that the motion picture probSALT LAKE CITY, UTAH WarmingSalute Up ParamountFox lemSelection,may bepurchasesolved andto reducedsome extent.rates

are the points at present under conGood Dramatic Fiction sideration, and it is urged that ward

\ CONCRETE Beau Brummel Warner and stake workers be considering such \ FOR PERMANENCE Dorothy Vernon of Haddon matters as the maintenance of standards

I Hall United Artists regarding order, music, fire hazards,

Egle of the Sea Paramount etc.

The Improvement Era for June, 1930 583

Gleaner Girls

(Continued from page 579) ARE YOU

ever flower gardenand no was more j USING THE AIR?

faces. theirbright than Having happy

worked for the success of the occasion, I You Can Contribute to the Upbuilding they were ready to enjoy it to a de-!gree never reached without effort. of Air Transportation only by Making

I Use of its Possibilities.

The Program! ARE YOU SENDING YOUR CORRESPONDTTHE theme of the evening was "In

* Life's Garden"and a series of | ENCE AIR MAIL?

introduced talks byshort was given, j HAVE YOU MADE A TRIP BY AIR? explanations, put into whichrhymed

gleaning. spirit of ideal affair thethe For Full Information On Air Mail—Air Travel the sub- \ the Garden""Preparing wasject treated by President Ruth May [—Air Express

the Seeds"the "Planting wasFox.

given ] Write one,subject by Berof the next tha S. Stevenson, Stake President of

jthe Y. L. M. I. A. A Gleaner leader, NATIONAL PARKS AIRWAYS, Inc.

"Cultivating Evans, discussedEthel 119 So. Main St. Salt Lake City, Utah |

girl,the Garden,"and a Gleaner i Dorothy Iverson, "Reaping the Harvest."Following these came short << iim <<: * t > -mm*- t>mwm\'<m HBf)4[| K! <>(

toasts on "Binding the Sheaves"in which was considered the year's activity program. "Music"by the girls CONSOLIDATED WAGON 8

of the 21st ward; "Questions"by another girl; "Men"by Gladys Cragun MACHINE COMPANY

Shindler by Maryand "Literature"enlightUTAH AND IDAHOpresented and in an interesting ening way the experiences, real and Leading Implement and Hardware Dealers imaginary, of the various groups.

A beautiful banquet it was, but 40 Branch Houses and 35 Agencies located to best serve the trade the thoughts thannot more beautiful things WE STOCK NONE BUT THE HIGHEST GRADE of the wonderful it aroused awaiting the lovely girls who particiMERCHANDISE pated. In view of the accomplishments of the girls, their systematic Guarantee the best of service at prices as low as quality of

carrying out of plans long made and i merchandise and service will permit the faces lit by the light of faith and t!4)B<>') )Ht><MMM

friendship, it would indeed be a pessiforesee in the futuremist could who This Chocolate is glory. andaught but joy

Balanced for Health and Flavo Ghirardelli s Ground Chocolate is richer than cocoa... but not as rich as"bar"chocBee-Hive Girls olate. That's why teachers and mothers of

(Continued from page 581) the West prefer it for children and for their own tables. It's balancedTor nutrition values

Day. You should do whatever you... and for the full, fine flavor that nothing

this a really day enjoyable to can make but chocolate can supply.

all of daughters for the mothers and

M. I. A. FREE"Sweet Sixteen"Write for

2, We remind you again of the M. I. RecipeD. GhirardelliPacket No.Co.,

St., Point North Institute following held to be June 914A.

Calif. Francisco, San

at suggeshelpful whichConference tions will be given on handcraft and other phases of summer work suggested herein.

In the stakes having summer camps, ELLI'S we encourage BeeKeepers to organize GHIRARD the girls and spend a few days in CHOCOLATE not camp. could are sure you We m Say "Gearar-delly"enjoyable plan for yourtime a more

selves. 584 The Improvement Era for June, 1930

Bill's Shadows (Continued from page 540) YOUR | he asked, his round head cocked "C'mon, let's see what you can like an inquiring spardo!"FATHERS J on one side

row. "Hold on, hold on, you're all

"What?"Bill asked wonderwrong,"Bill exclaimed trying to! Found the ingly. stop him. "I've never swum a in my life—I.! "That take off—that turn? race in competition Stroke not so bad either—-with a don't know the first thing about Same Thing | little work on your leg moveit."

warbled. the "Take "Didn't coach learn,"I had anything,"know True... j ment."Bill 'That's all right, you can replied relieved. did before as and off again you somewhat

'Thought maybe I'd stolen somemake the best time you can up and thing."back."

j "Where you been?"the little "You'll be disappointed,"Bill KNIGHT

coach chirped. warned as once more he lifted his

Bill was becoming "When?"the tank. into fins flashed and long Spring Canyon \ puzzled. more "Been Lake up on his sped. Bill As back and Up

this Michigan guard, pool, the of the fingers touched end summer—life

if that's what you mean?"he saw the coach slip the stop-

"Did Tom Robinson see you watch into his pocket.

of NorthwestCOAL! swim—Robinson, "I thought so, I thought so."2rn?

was chirping like a house wren.! Is An Ideal Fuel The little coach was tense as he He

awaited the reply.

i ILL placed his hands i A generation ago Knight "Who's"No,"he?"Bill answered shortly. B

the of the edge pool and drew on enjoyed Coal CanyonI Spring a "You'd found out mighty water. the out of himself reputation the same accordedj quick a if he'd seen you."The

j it today. Your Fathers knew instructor's round eyes were about "How was it?"he asked, catch-

| it to be the best coal nature to do a tapdance on his rosy ing a little of the other's excite- j produced in Utah. A secheeks,never letBillyouthought.get away.""Tom'd a ment."It will do, it will do."The

{ lected seam of great extent, it little man nearly nodded his head | is hard, finegrained, free off his slender neck. "We'll corBill to began TiHEN bit, oth- a foot but that workj from impurities. chuckle. ever did you how erwise—Man,rect are chirping you "Say, what help? that get without form Want

about, anyhow. I don't know you to report for swimming. You

even don't Robinson—I Tom a place to on the be able win may

all this?"about you. What know if as afraid of then and team—"

little tell "Let you."The me his enthusiasm, he added, "When

Bill's attention to paid no man perfected."get that footwork you

mirth. "I'm the new swimming That night in the mystical hour coach here—Harry Haugland's my between the dusk and the dark,

name."Bill Gardner, Junior, wrote a letGard- Staeger Gardner—Bill of Gardner to William UTAH'S CLEANEST, to meet you, but I'm fame.ter ner—glad"Mine'sin the woods."HOTTEST, HARDEST still said he, "I think "Dad,"

I'll bring out, Mr. you caught a glimpse of those great

twittered the coach COAL Gardner,""Then I Shadows today."

several in dual and Bill swam winter, the meets during ecstatically.form—and look"Youat thathave bodyperfect exhibition KNIGHT those long slender arms—those but his mind was focussed on one not an ounce hands—and deone would which only—the excess of to carry!"meat conference the termine championFUEL sinewy all does that mean?"what "And between to be it was ship. That

Bill evenly. asked

Universities Staeger and Andover if a "It you're that not means CO. as indicated, each had was early

it's bemerely champion swimmer, espestrength remarkable shown Building 818 Newhouse a cause trained never for you've distances. cially in the middle

race. City, Salt Lake Utah

L. E. Adams, General Sales Mgr. The little fellow J3ILL trained faithwhirled to the door. fully. He found that his foot deThe Improvement Era for June, 1930 585

feet though seemingly trifling gave him a great amount of trouble.

Coach Haugland, however, waspatient, working with him day TEMPLE BRAND after day in the most painstaking manner until at last the stroke wasmastered. Then Bill set about GARMENTSOf superior quality and workmanship

lowering his record for the middle manufactured for the distances. SALT LAKE KNITTING STORE

He wanted to be exactly on edge And sold atfrompricesus rememberdefying competition.We Pay PostageWhen ordering;for the Andover meet. The contest would mean much to him and No. FOR LADIES No. FOR MEN

his Shadows, for it would be his 703719 FlatRibbedWeaveLight Weight $ 1.25.95 610601 RibbedRibbed Med.LightWtWt $1.251.25

one opportunity of the year to 792 Fine Quality Cotton 1.50 602 Extra Fine Quality 1.50

prove that he was a worthy de711751 FineSilk StripeSilk LisleMed. Wt 1.951.50 614..Med.605 Med. Wt.HeavyEx.CottonQuality 1.751.50

scendant of theirs. Besides, Rad 710714 ExtraMed. Wt.QualityExtraSilkQualityStripe 1.951.75 663664 Med.Med. HeavyHeavy UnbleachedWt. Cotton Cotton.. 1.951.95Bowen was entered in the two718 Rayon 1.75 620 NonRun Rayon 2.50

twenty, his own particular race 715720 NonRunSuper QualityRayonRayon 2.751.95 680660 ExtraMed. Wt.HeavySilkUnbleachedand Wool 2.252.50

Rad of the flaming "W"and the 20% Extra Charge For Sizes Over 46 arrogant father.

Do not fail to specify New or Old Style and if for Man or Woman, also state if long or short sleeve, short or long legs are wanted. Give accurate Bust Measurement,

i\T last the long exHeight and Weight. Samples Sent Upon Request.

pected day arrived. The gallery SALT LAKE KNITTING STORE

for spectators in the tank room 70 So. Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah—OLDEST KNITTING STORE IN UTAH

was packed to the doors when Bill, wearing the Staeger Gold and Blue, poised for his takeoff in the twotwenty free style. r

On Bill's left he found an Andover man; on his right, Rad SERVING THE PUBLICBowen whose thick lips twisted

into a smile of confidence, Bill With their PLUMBING wants for a generation where thought, his as he recogwaved you can save and every purchase is a bargainnition. Beyond Tate, was Jim Rad

his own Staeger team mate.

When the starter barked his Yours Plumbingly command to get ready, Bill toed the edge of the tank eager for the Stirling Supply Corporation plunge. Though he looked straight MANUFACTURERS AND JOBBERSahead at the place on the water

where he expected to land, he was 350 South State 2225 South 5th East vividly conscious of his competitors, especially Rad Bowen. -o-aHB-o-w<!

i\S the gun cracked.Bill shot into the water, his body SOUTHERN PACIFIC LINES

splitting the waves and gliding far OFFER likeout a flung harpoon. Then he SPECIAL SUMMERstruck his into pace. twotwenty

He saw Rad Bowen reach the end of the pool and turn and spring back, his pointed fingers cleaving VACATION FARES the water before him. Bill didlikewise, giving stroke for stroke. From Salt Lake Gity or Ogden

Just then he felt that he would TO LOS ANGELES AND RETURN BOTH WAYS (IA AA rather defeat Rad Bowen than any VIA SAN FRANCISCO 1 qrlV.VU other man in the world.

He knew that the course was TO LOS ANGELES VIA SAN FRANCISCO REdAH TA five lengths of the pool. Up and TURNING DIRECT OR ROUTE REVERSED <PTlJV

back and up and back again the Proportionately low fares from all other points in UTAH, IDAHO and MONTANA four swimmers flashed, Bill all the STOPOVERS ALLOWED AT ALL POINTS time keeping a close check on TICKETS ON SALE DAILY COMMENCING MAY 15 th

Bowen. He knew Rad's time, and FINAL RETURN LIMIT OCTOBER 31st

was confident of victory. He For further information CALL, WRITE or PHONE

timed his own stroke so that the D. R. OWEN, GENERAL AGENT

two touched the end of the pool 41 SO. MAIN ST. SALT LAKE CITYalmost at the same instant—one PHONE WASATCH 3008—3078

586 The Improvement Era for June, 1930

more length of the pool to go. read that Rad Bowen had been

Bill doubled and shot out from victorious even in swimming, and NEWEST the wall, every ounce of his the even was underscored.

strength functioning in his wiryBill squirmed under that letter. STYLES legs. He felt a shock; saw stars; It was like his father. He was

and felt arms nailing. He had colplumb loco on the subject of footon his on his left, who of eternal way his down hope he would give

evidently Wedding hadlided with the Andover swimmer ball. Nevertheless, Bill felt that out his of swum in a to get happiness Bowen Rad

he the accident knew wouldAnnouncements course.but Bill was not hurt much, race again, for how could he tell warhorse Gardner—the give Rad good many the yards Rad had won Gardner—thatWilliam start. another swimAndover ly because and chiefmer had lost his way? One of his

father's pet poems, rememberhe consciousness HiE Invitations ed, "the about something was evlost pool—of of the crowd—the fail,"shall favorite his and weak as toward he shot erything away

the finish. He only knew that out addenda was that "the weakest exPrinted in head somewhere was Rad cuse their failures."

Bill's opportunity came But goal. the speeding toward Process Embossed Bowen he than had expected. He in out sooner and arms flashed As his

Or of the water his mind clicked off was dressing in the gymnasium one stuck Haugland Coach day when did breathe not yardage. the He Engraved in the door. his head through breath. Less for there time was no Jr

than twenty yards to go and long "I made it!"he chirped. "You

are entered in the and Jim Tate his yards to up! make He cupped Mail Orders Given Special Intercollegiate in National meet to purchase on the hands get more

Attention water as he plowed on ten yards, Philadelphia. The school has

agreed to send you."fifteen, and then—his hands touchBill's heart skipped a beat. He the wall. ed

The race was over. Rad Bowen, had not dared hope for such good

hanging to the canal, was lookluck. He had heard before that

Ask for Samples and ing down at Bill with a poorly Rad Bowen had been entered.

concealed smile of triumph.

Prices "Congratulations,"Bill manALMOST at the very aged to choke as Coach Haugland, hour one week later he was dresscawing like a magpie, helped him ing in the Pohaw-tan Athletic from the water. club in the Quaker City at the conclusion of the preliminary meet.

Prompt Service B>>ILL'S sense of huHis heart was light, for both he mor was the only thing that saved and Jim Tate had placed in the twotwenty fourforty, the and despair. from him The Andover

and so, also, had The DESERET Rad Bowen been disqualified, had swimmer but that was little comfort. The race placed in the shorter race. Bill

ill NEWS PRESS had been awarded to Rad Bowen bore his fellowtownsman no did he to but anwant swim rightly. Bill It will, had to admit. 29 Richards Street and race It other a sort with Rad. was fault, wasn't Rad's Bill felt but

Salt Lake City that Fate had played another trick of an extension of the friendly on him, for Rad's time was confeud which had existed between siderably slower than his own for their fathers a quarter of a century earlier. distance. the same had had He BE INDEPENDENT of sweet opportunity Thoughts his year to the chance have of one Vocation Other So Profitable! No Bill jubilant his made as he sought his a silver lovinscribed name on ENROLL, NOW hotel, accompanied Coach by ing For that at the slipped a Complete cup Course and had away

because a fool swimmer had lost Haugland and Jim Tate. He felt

Quish School of Beauty Culture his way. that he had a fighting chance of winning at least one of the races in The Best in the West In the days that followed he re304-9 Ezra Thompson Bldg. ceived letters from his father in the finals, for in practice he had

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH which the senior Gardner indibettered both of the national recFor Further Information cated that he had heard that his ords.

and Catalog Call son was swimming, but he had 7560 Wasatch calling for his Fill in This 01 never expressed any active interest U PON

Coupon in the matter. William Gardner key at the hotel desk, he was surseemed to think that swimming as prised to learn that some one had

a sport was not important altaken it. Wondering who could

"v though he had taken the trouble have been so sure of himself. Bill

to mention the fact that he had followed by his two friends sought

The Improvement Era for June, 1930 587

his room and threw the door open.

"Dad!"he exclaimed when he

had found his voice. "How did you get here?"YOU CAN ASSIST

William Gardner rose from his In the DEVELOPMENT of YOUR COMMUNITY chair. Bill seized his outstretched by Patronizing your LOCAL DEALER

hand. "Gee, I'm glad to see you!"he REMEMBER—

exclaimed. you'll be "Of course Your HOME MERCHANT is a Convenience as well as a night?"at the meet tomorrow Necessity.

Gardner smiled. You can See and Inspect your Purchases from Him and "Probably."

his Receive of SATISFACTION. GUARANTEE Bill

the Contributes Largely of Local Churches, to Support He is Dad."Schools, Institutions. Colleges, "Coach—Jim—thisturned to his companions. Charitable Public and Then pulling the coach forward.

is this Haugland, "Dad, Coach the MONEY—to trying has been makeman who send to Distant Points Which you NEVER

a out a me."swimmer to RETURNS BENEFIT YOURfor HOMESuppliesTOWN. YOU or hands, shook two HaugThe

land's face for the moment becomrival."ing the "sun's only

to glad "Awfully see you, Mr. TheSalfLafce

Gardner,"he warbled. "You must /cflardwareCo.

Pocatello, Idaho stay for the meet."Salt Lake City, Utah

"This doesn't look any too Grand Junction, Colorado Wholesale Exclusively Boise, Idaho good."Gardner held up the paper reading. been "Neither he had

these his race to- r of boys won night."INSURE

I HE coach nearly exYour registered stock and dairy herds against death from ploded trying to keep his feet on any cause.

the floor. 'There's a reason,"he twitterINSURE ed, leaning over toward the visitor. "I told 'em to take it easy Your animals while in transit to market.

Gardner—athere's strategylot inof swimming,strategy. MakeMr. Let us quote you rates.

the other fellow think you're J. GRANT & COMPANY easy. Staeger's day is tomorrow HEBER

night."20 Main Street Salt Lake City, Utah

The football veteran smiled at B-O-M-O-M0 that but he was unconvinced.

"In amateur sports, the best Buy With said, always voicwins,"heman LOGAN GARMENTCOMWOT Confidence Q,wnlity Where his code. ing and WorkmanWith Wear in the "Not ship Are preliminaries—not Satisfaction in the preliminaries, Sold At Mr. Gardner,"Coach Haugland chirped. Where Savings Moderate Prices

'The best man will win tomorAre Greatest LOGAN.UTAH

are row of two night—here OTTO MEHR, Manager them."afHe placed his arms

X304B. wt. $1.25 Cotton. 400. weight. Carded Heavy Cotton Med. fectionately the around boys. two style Bleached. $1.85 Either Peeler X104. Grade High Combed 304. Silk and French spun I'll fine, reLt. stay,"wt. Extra "Then Gardner Cotton. worsted. mixed. Med. Wool 2.20 style either plied. a fact."in purpose, 2.70 wt. style Either "Came Peeler grade X104B. Combed High 374. best Dulenza grade The "I'll to simply fine have Lt. wt. Extra Cotton. with win Silk 2.05 style Garments. New 2.40 style Either Bleached. t:04. stripe, 1.85 Silk cotton mix here,"Bill said you whimsically,

741. Silk Garand Extra worsted heavy Pure wool Wool

if "even last year's Reed Morrow, cot. 5.95 4.60 style mix. Either and 420. ment

sizes larger 44 bust, backs."than or "double

direct. ordering coupon whenchampion, is entered in my race. Write for Samples10% extraUseforenclosedRad Bowen is also swimming it, Made to Measure

so I'll need all the help I can get LOGANQuantityGARMENT| Style CO.,No. LoganSexUtah.| BustPleaseLengthsend me| theSleevefollowing| Heightsuits of L.WeightD. S. (larmentsPrice

from my—Shadows."

what?"Gardner, senior, i "Your

asked. | Bill smiled through his blush.

—the"Frompioneers,"the wagonhe said,traingrinningbosses Name"treet City. State

588 The Improvement Era for June, 1930

*n-}-+mm-'.:-m sheepishly. "Had no idea you'd would have to sprint all eleven

I come."against this competition. There

I It's the fine WiILLIAM Gardner ponentswould bethisno time.watchingHe ofhadhislearnop-

INGREDIENTS I Forlookedthe intofirst histimeson'she caughtwistful someface. ed his lesson in the conference meet.

j inkling of what his constant harpthe forth and ing the B ACK on subject of football had. the way they're like quartet flashed long white to him. meant

the Bill water sensed into foam. claimed. boy, "Why, Then I—"that he the champion were and BAKED j "Of course I'd come,"he exfish, their arms and feet churning his voice failed his him. hide To

Fine, selected ingredients.... = emotion he stepped close and in his gradually pulling into the lead as

chosen for their highly nour- - old way spanned his great hands the crowd began to roar its excitement. 'across his line. son's waist "Built qualities. baking Expert ishing Discovering that his was wind like a racer,"blue he rumbled

bakers! Master Royal by the holding out better even he than

, hoarsely. in speed a have "Ought

anticipated, Bill sweeping was combined two These give you B need water—don't much else had

= the his up pool lap on ninth when bread. LONG ROYAL thefor—swimming."into contact flailing he came with little coach The was immediateAsk for LONG ROYAL by j ly on the firing line. arms. He veered to one side, but

in that second he sight caught of "Don't, eh?"queried. he It's bakers the "Let name. by made

face. surprised Bowen's Rad The tell you, it me Mr. Gardner, that those of delicious Royal Chococollision slight, Bill was but knew takes gizzard to a win swimming

late it Cakes. Royal Baking Cup give the a would champion match. Speed will never

slight advantage. cauSalt Throwing Co., Ogden. City and Lake win tomorrow will take night—italone tion to the winds, forgetting evgizzard. I realize do Why, you

erything victory, but Bill struck Grocer's! Every at Your Day I Fresh there'll a be national in champion into his fastest sprint. He'd have i every event? champions have And { last to to the finish, all. that was gizzard as well as speed. You'll I in the gallery William Up Gard- I LONG know ROYAL what mean tomorrow ner the collision saw and groaned. i night."Better Baked Bread—Better for the gizzard,""Now he mutright, "All we'll see,"elder the

tered, remembering Coach HaugGardner laughed. I guess "Now

's land.expression. pet "Most men'd I'd better get out so these hellbe licked right now."divers get can little a rest. Sleep

is great medicine; it helps the gizzard."He moved to the door. HeLE was electrified at

"Saw Coach Winston in the lobBill's response. He saw the blonde

by—I want,to chin a bit with head splitting the waters like the

him,"he announced as he went prow of a speed boat, as two long, out. sinewy arms hooked out and into

the waves with the rapidity of 0]'N the following eveflashes of lightning, and two long, ning when young Bill Gardner finlike feet beat the water into took his place ready for the takefoam behind him. He glanced at

off in the twotwenty free style, his companion. Old Coach Winhe glanced up at the sea of faces ston was crouched in his seat, his APuddings "'"'Custards above him in the gallery. He eyes glued upon the water below. Pies

knew that up there somewhere was But young Bill Gardner did not a squarejawed man to whom this think of gizzard—he thought only

race meant as much as it did to that a collision had defeated him him or to Coach Haugland, peronce before. He knew that up

haps more. above him somewhere two deep

His Shadows were very real as eyes were looking down upon he awaited the signal to start. He what appeared to be a defeated

knew that he would need not only son.

his own reserve but theirs as well, Bill reached the wall at last. He

for on one side he was flanked by saw the champion shoot out as he the twotwenty champion of the jackknifed ready to spring. Then

United States and on the other by with every nerve, every muscle

Rad Bowen, of Andover. Beyond tense and straining, he shot towas Joe Winters of some college ward the finish in the wake of his

Illinois. in opponent. He'd win... smooth, creamy and delicious. or—die. At the crack of the gun,. Bill beside Bill's Shadows hovered every For milk or cream need. y shot into the water. He knew he him—-urged him on. He literally

AT YOUR GROCER'S j had eleven lengths of the pool to leaped over the water. He was

go, and he also knew that he keyed up, buoyant. He felt as if

.

The Improvement Era for June, 1930 589

he were a tiny speed boat driven by a thousand horse power motor.

1HEN his long hand MISSLOU SHRIMP reached out and he touched the finish wall. just the thing for parties

With bursting lungs and heart he lay upon the surface of the pool shrimpsAs charminglend themselvesin coloringadmirablyas in flavor,to the until he felt hands lifting him decorative arrangements, their pink confrom the water. trasting pleasingly with the green of let-

"You won! You won!"Coach MiS*3L tuce or parsley.

Haugland was screeching like a Once you try MissLou Shrimp you parrakeet. will appreciate the wide utility no less

Bill followed the coach as he thanease withtheir whichattractionthey mayas a befoodserved.and the

pushed his way through the conSHRIMP SALAD testants and coaches at the end of Season one ran of MissLou Shrimp well celery pieces a few; chop

C'dd.the pool and sought the dressing withwell withsalt anda littlepepperonion, and Pourroom. A roar that seemed to shake this mayonnaise sauce, and garnish with slicedover

the building followed them. A hard boiled eggs, lemon, beets and celery tops.

moment later William Gardner Write Us for Recipe Booklet in.burst BiU caught the thrill in MerrillKeyser Company j "Boy!"

his father's voice as unmindful of Manufacturer's Agents—Merchandise Brokers

his wet suit he hugged the new 328 West 2nd South Salt Lake City, Utah champion to his breast. "You're L.

wonderful! You've got speed!"r

"Gizzard, you mean, Mr. GardVISITORS TO SALT LAKE CITY WELCOME TO MEET AT

little thener,"coach responded CO., 212 DENTAL The UNION races are j ofhappily. kind "That OfficeMAIN ST. Dental Utah's Oldest and Largest

i fool gizzard. Bowen Thatwon by FREE EXAMINATION

Equipmentfouled him or Bill'd a won by two i Complete X-Ray Service—Modem Sterilising

yards. Broke the national record Painless Extraction of Teeth—50cas it was."to $4 Bill stretched out on a training Extractions—and 50cUnderper ToothGas—$2extracted

table was trying to recover his FREE EXTRACTIONbreath. OR BRIDGE WORK IS ORDERED WHEN PLATES

see and Plate, Vulcanite With go—up—Dad, Teeth—$10 other—races,"—the"Better Bridge Per Tooth and 22-K Gold Crown just see 'em TrubyteWork—$5 "Not yet—-couldn'the panted.

just yet, Bill,"the senior Gardner UNION DENTAL CO., 212 MAIN ST.

replied as he brushed the back of Same Management anrl Location for Over 28 Years SALT LAKE CITY a thick hand across his eyes.

"Steam in there's awfully hard on the eyes,"he apologized sheepishly.

spoke again. After he a moment to be 'That Bowen was Rad that ELPS YOU

fouled you, wasn't it?"

"Yeah,"Bill replied. "Didn't guess."always at your bestmean to—got lost—I "Lost, nothing,"Coach Haugland exploded. "Did just the same Constipation, indigestion and other stomthing his teammate did when Rad ach disorders lower your vitality and slow

beat you in the conference meet.

Couldn't stand to see you beat you up generally. Fleischmann's Yeast,

him, that's all."containing the tonic Vitamins B and D, corrects this condition and makes you fit. GARDNER WiILLIAM Three cakes daily will help you to be alstooped over his son.

"Did something like that hapways at your best.

pen when Rad beat you before?"

he asked. "Well, I guess!"the coach chirped. "Only the collision was Fleischmann's Yeast

lots worse. Bill had Rad by more At most grocers, soda fountains

than a yard when it happened. and restaurants.

How else did you suppose Rad Bowen ever beat Bill Gardner?"

590 The Improvement Era for June, 1930

Gardner, senior, pressed one of

Bill's hands. TiHE eighteenth lap

found the Jim Tate trailing cham- I "Why didn't you tell me?"henSALT LAKE a length; pion Jones of Michiby asked.

trailing! Bill gan, a Tate. was good Bill recovered partly had from CO. COSTUME Jones, length behind but he knew Costumes Theatrical and Masquerade his his near heart too but was swim

I Was. 999 Phone 33 West Broadway that only could superswimmers clearhis to for speak larynx him

Take Elevator to 4th Floor stand the terrific strain the entire of distance. You, and thousands remaining COSTUMES. conwas He grinned. he 'The Shadows,"

others, the pageant "Message saw who all fidently expecting to or one delighted chaps, pioneer and imwere the of Ages"you know. "Those

coloring beauty and the pressed by of They didn't have any one to listen break. were costumes the which of the setting

the furnished part. important was skimming the pool an up He We stories their to so luck hard and You costumes. those of part majorthe nineteenth lap expecting to on beautiful tell the learn they same 'em, didn't to with served be can how

the for to us send if effect you his sprint into break at the turn I I've say. heard think I'm you costumes.

suddenly he when Tate found Jim tryin'forget to myself."PARTIES. DINNER WEDDINGS,

dress, formal beside requiring him. gatherings For

all here. Dress them supply can we in,""All gasped. Tate "Cramps styles. latest in the Tuxedos suits and

latest in gowns Formal and Evening the fourforty never up again—will finish—It's materials.."lovely styles and

still felt WHENBill bit to a was called, you—popular are SHOWS MINSTREL Bill shorter race if shaky. been did not Gardner had But wait The minstrel flash of a rendered. well The

show in the is program—wein the costumes,have andboth.the wit ahowever,tremendousthat oncestrain.in theHewaterknew,he totence.hear Shootingthe conclusionhis longof thefins senin-

latest the very WIGS, in silk Wigsand would lose most of his nervousto the water he was off on the trail miladies gown. metal, to match

for men and women, in all shades, ness. of Jeff Bowles.

styles and lengths of beautiful, human As he stood waiting on the Coach Haugland on the brink hair.

brink of the tank, he glanced apof the pool saw Tate hesitate and PLAYS, of all publishers. The very latest productions. Opera Scores, praisingly at Jim Tate, his team drop back. He screeched in his

OrchesGuides, Librettos, and Stage for loaned one week mate. This was Jim's specialty. birdlike way, croaking over and trations. Scores

for inspection before making your Coach Haugland had said to Bill over something about gizzards.

choice of that you the Opera wish to just before he left the dressing Then he saw Bill Gardner break curtains, Cycloramas, produce. Velour

and stage scenery. room: into his matchless sprint just as if

finished he had not the greatest MAKEUP, all the latest and new overstrain. If takes "Don't Jim

BtOCK. in intercollegiate first a twotwenty or second even and you

L third, fourth, or fifth, Staeger will tory less than a half hour before;hishave a rating well up among the as if there were not several yards

leading universities."to make up against the famous

Bill, however, had made reserJeff Bowles.

vations when he noded assent. He But to Bill Gardner just then

was determined to win if he could. the little coach did not exist. The

Besides Tate had excused himself universe had suddenly dropped for not making a better showing away and had left two beings likeNON in his heat of the twotwenty by meteors whizzing through the blue declaring that he was slowed down waves of the pool. He was one ofEXPLOSIVE by a cramp in his right leg. Bill them and must win. Doggedly he

feared that the longer race, twentyswam, clawing the water back two lengths of the pool, would be with arms that ached, but could a strain that would tax limbs and not resist his will.

hearts in the best of condition.

At the crack of the gun Bill once UNCE more he was more shot into the water. He superman. He was his greatknew that despite the length of the grandfather sweeping over the

race, that the man who won plains like a hurricane; his grandagainst this competition would father striking madly about him

have to make excellent time on evfelling the giant pines in every diery lap. rection; he was his father, an oval

Working his arms easily, he ball tucked under his arm and glided through the waves keeping thundering through a field of eleven clutchabreast the other of but swimmers, giants—twentytwo OIL STANDARD ing hands! felt pace. the crowding He products'in the seats old Bill his sprint - V thatnot Gardequal to that Up was

of the best of them. When, howner's jaws were set and his eyes

ever, Jeff Bowles, the national had in them the light of battle as pringtime champion,clip, Bill allowedstretchedall intothree amenfasterto hewasleaneddownforwardthere ininspirithis seat.fightingHes slide ahead. He had swum the with his son. freshness distance too many times not to "C'mon, boy! C'mon, boy!"

ALL THE YEAR.F knowto nationalthat theytime.were already close he "He'llcoaxed.never make it."It was

The Improvement Era for June, 1930 591

Rad Bowen speaking. He had end of the pool. Blindly he lunged him as he was carried to the dressdressed after his race and was sitforward with his last remaining ing room. Half unconscious, he

ting in the gallery with his father. ounce of strength, his long arms felt himself stretched out on a

Gardner, senior, whirled upon pointing straight ahead. training table. A jumble of voices

him. With the feel of tile against his was in his ears. Then from what

"He's making it, can't you see?"flesh, the world seemed to cave in. seemed a great distance he heard

he growled. Then once more he Once more he felt trembling the voice of Coach Haugland.

turned back to the pool. hands dragging him from the "You won again! You won

But neither Bill nor Bowles water, and felt strong arms around again! YOU WON AGAIN!"It

could hear. Their minds were,., focussed on one thing—the goal!

ahead. The FUN SPOT

TiHEN came the last of UtahZ)turn. The champion was a full LAGOON

yard ahead when he reached the end, whirled and started back. Bill

felt a great calmness come over him as he jackknifed. Then his legs

shot out sending him like a torpedo for the goal.

"For Staeger and Father—Shadows; for Staeger and FatherShadows!"was hammering over

and over in his mind as he forced his long fins out to gather another two yards of water to fling behind. XvX-x-x-x-xox:-x-x;:v:: -:x

x-"x-x ---v.x-x:ox-x-x-x- He dimly knew that the crowd x-Xxi-x-x:v:->:v:-:-:-:'V-:-:.:-:-x-::v>:X-:':-:v:-x-":-Xv:;:::?H::;;;::';K;:S:sS!ljSSffi

to the last person was on their feet cheering and bellowing madly as SWIM IN THE LARGEST FILTERED FRESH WATER he flashed up the final stretch. BATHING POOL IN THE WEST

30, 1930foot—twoSteadily he feet—adrew upyard!on BowlesBeforea OPENS MAY

him as through a mist he saw the

THERE'S NO END TO WHAT IT DOES!

Electric service in the home drives away the hard work and leaves mother the time she needs for the other things she wants to do—reading, recreation, social visits and the care of her children.

COMBINATION RATES You have heard before of our combination rates for the home use of Electric Service—call at any

of our stores and let us talk to you about them. In such combinations as you may have there may

be a real saving to you. We want you to receive service at the minimum cost applicable to your

requirements.

ELECTRIC COOKING—Nothing cooks to perfection except the Electric Range.

ELECTRIC WATER HEATING—The last word in convenience.

ELECTRIC REFRIGERATION—Refrigeration with automatic control.

These Constitute the "Great Triumvirate"

Convenient Monthly Payments UTAH LIGHT 8 POWER CO.

Efficient Public Service 592 The Improvement Era for June, 1930

His father Shadows?"he closer until "The closer andcame

puzzled looked a moment—"Oh, significance of the A Word Concerning, thecaught

the Shadows. of course, words. Son, Prophecy

greater or grittier, were never they one and his eyes opened Hi.E football the ner, of them,star—Tigerold Bill GardGard- (Continued from page 538)and sat up. was surrounded He

best day he ever lived was wherein differences in translationby a group of jabbering men. ner—the

Among them was his father, his not half so good a man!"occur, the words used by the

face working and tears running Just then Rad Bowen pushed Prophet are true to the idiom of down his cheeks. through the crowd. the language from which they

"You're great!"William Gard- "Gee, Bill, you're great!"he were translated. How was Joner said huskily. exclaimed holding out his hand. seph Smith made acquainted with

"Naw,"Bill panted. "It was "Had no idea you had it in you."the idiom of that language? May the Shadows!"Then apologetically—"You don't not the answer be that he found

think I fouled you purposely, do in fulfilment of the declaration great above, and quoted wisdom Bill?"you,

that of treasures and knowledge, replied Bill not,"course "Of See the J the translated actually by as about heartily. much he "'Twas

and power of God. NEW my fault as yours, I guess."gift

less the forestriking than concerning the prophecy L, C. Smith "Thanks, awfully,"Rad angoingNo is

No other typewriter has all of these swered squeezing Bill's hand. the growth and development of

IMPORTANT FEATURES: Zion, predicated upon the observBall-BearingType Bars ance of payment of tithes by the

Inbuilt Tabulator Decimal Saints. The statement of it enGard- William Interchangeable Platens THEN

sues: the watching been Halfspacing- Feature ner who had

NonShifting Carriage little drama turned to his friend "Verily I say unto you, it shall come gather all those unto that pass, who requires 24.7 cent (by test) per and

their tithed shall of be and confessor for a quarter of a tothe land of Zion less to operate energyit average than the century. office this typewriter. shall properties, observe surplus and

shall worthy or they not be found "I've been a darned fool,"he law, trial demonstration Ask for and FREE Cov. (Doc. to and abide you."among

for Write Free Catalog said humbly. Sec. 1 19:5.)

"Yeah, we all are fools in A previous statement upon the spots,"the old coach agreed. "I same central idea runs thus:

L. C. Smith & Corona guess, Tiger, there are other things "And, now, behold, if Zion do these

Typewriters, Inc. besides football in which a man things she shall prosper, and spread herself

can show his stuff, after all."and become very glorious. * * *

40 W. 2nd So. St., Salt Lake City, Utah (Doc. and Cov. Sec. 97:18.)

Phone Was 3939 "Well, I guess!"Gardner, senior, exclaimed, emphatically. HP -*- HEin theenumerationindustrial andof thesocialstagesdevelopment of Zion, by a member

of the Church, may be construed

Index to Advertisers by others as an attempt to adverCompany Page Company Page tise his wares and to flaunt his colBeck's Hot Springs 576 Pembroke Company - -..576 ors; but who will deny that a marBeneficial Life Insurance Com Quish School of Beauty Cul vel has been accomplished in the

pany Back cover ttitfe—.... 586 transformation of the land in the

Bennett Glass & Paint Co.581 Regal Cleaning & Dyeing Com great arid west into fruitful or575 582 Park Boyd pany chards, productive gardens, and Consolidated Royal Baking Company..... 588 Wagon & Ma -

chine Company 583 Saltair Beach Company 579 fertile fields? The fairminded obContinental Oil Company.. 578 Salt Lake Costume Company..590 server looks upon the homes, the

Deseret News Press 586 Salt Lake Hardware Company 587 schoolhouses, the business instiElectric Store Bros..578 Salt Knitting 585 Elder Lake

Brick Co. Pressed 530 tutions, the churches and the saSalt Lake Eureka Vacuum Cleaner Com -

pany.. 577 Sego Milk. 588 cred temples of the Latterday

Fleischmann Yeast Company 589 Smith, L. C. & Corona Type - Saints with pleasure and admires

Inc. writers, Underfiring.577 Corp. Force 592 enterprise which the thrift and

... Pacific R. 585 Ghirardelli's 583 Southern.. R—prospossible. Zion them Stirling.587 Corporation Supply 585 make Grant, Heber Co.-. J. K

Henager's Business College.574 Standard Oil Products of Cali pers. Her people pay their tithes

Ketterer & Perschon Co. 581 fornia......590 and prove themselves worthy to

Boiler Dental Corp..575 Company Kewanee Union.589 abide within her gates. God ful-.584 Fuel Company Utah Gas Knight Company & Coke

Lagoon Resort 591 Inside Front Cover fills his word in many ways. Here

Landes & Company 580 Utah High School of Beauty in these everlasting hills and

Logan Garment Company 587 Culture -........ 579 throughout this great America the

591 Co. Power Co. MerrillKeyser Utah Light 589 & Saints are preparing an abiding Mill Elevator..583 White National & Park Airways Fawn

Pioneer Mattress Company.580 Company 577 place for all who have eyes that

Portland Cement Company.... 582 Z. C. M. I.—Inside Back Cover see, ears that hear and hearts that

understand. Is it not glorious!

[Z. C. M. I

Organized 1868, Salt Lake City

For sixtytwo years this institution has grown and progressed, a living exponent of the faith and ideal of those hardy souls whose courage and toil were the beginning of this great commonwealth. Now, fired with the knowledge that we are taking an active part

in building a great community, our wish is that courtesy, efficiency and loyalty may raise our Institution to an outstanding eminence not only in our city and state, but throughout the nation.

Save Time! Save Money!

—BY WEARING

MOUNTAINEER Overalls and Auto Suits Equipped with STOPLOSS POCKETS

Join the ranks of enthusiastic workmen who have found that StopLoss Pockets fill a longfelt need.

NO MORE LOSING TOOLSVALUABLES MONEY

from your pockets while working, no matter what your position. No more precious time spent in

hunting for lost articles!

THEY COST YOU NO MORE

In spite of the great superiority of these new

Pockets (an exclusive, patented 'Mountaineer"feature), the cost to you is the same as for ordinary garments.

Because of our great buying power and large scale production, we are able to include this wonderful improvement without cost to you.

ASK YOUR DEALER FOR "Mountaineer"Overalls and Auto Suits

Made in Salt Lake City by Z. G M. I. Clothing Factory

! JUNE

To Love. Honor and Protect

The proof of all three is welded by the wisdom and forethought of the couple who have laid the foundation of '"''":": 'V F* their future with Beneficial protection.

IT'S A SOURCE OF GREAT SATISFACTION TO HAVE

YOUR INSURANCE PROTECTION WITH

l7fie BIG HOME COMPANY

BENEFICIAL LIFE INSURANCE CO.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH HEBER J. GRANT, President E. T. RALPHS, Gen. Mgr.

IF IT'S A BENEFICIAL POLICY IT'S THE BEST INSURANCE YOU CAN BUY.