"The Ascension of Christ"a new painting by Harris Weberg, adorns the north chapel wall of the new Salt Lake Temple Annex.

In this issue:

TOWARD IMPROVED COMMUNICATION

The Improvement Era

April 1966 There are a lot of reasons # Outstanding visitors and resischool. to going summerEnjoy for in dent faculty Extensive course their get degrees Some

less than four years; others offerings in fiftytwo departSummer School on renewreceiveteachingadvancedcertificates,degrees, ments Special conferences,

make up courses, catch up workshops, institutes, seminars in with their class, qualify for many areas. # Cultural and

the beautiful, cool graduation, take advanspiritual enrichment through contage of special workshops.

certs, lectures, plays, devotionals,

But there are other reaWorld-famous atassemblies # people sons why moreBYU campus largest tend Utah's summer Hike and outdoor Timpanogos school—at BYU. They can recreation nearby # Campus study on one of the nation's

most beautiful campuses, recreational and social activities in air conditioned build- # Four swimming pools on camings, get superior academic, cultural and religious pus Most modern buildings, offerings with all the vacaclassrooms and laboratories.

tion extras.

For a free summer school catalog write to Summer School Director, Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah.

First Term, June 13—July 15

Second Term, July 18—Aug. 19

Brigham Young University to send How Exploring money the to missionariesUniverse

By Dr. Franklin S. Harris Jr.

without

INSECT ATTRACTION transfer cost It has long been known that chemical secretions are used by insects to attract the opposite sex, but it was not until 1960 that the first - female attractant, a complex alcohol produced by the gypsy moth, was fully understood. Sex attractants

have been demonstrated in almost tSKl!R-fcH[ri< 7-

all insects where they have been sought including the housefly, a mosquito, and the honeybee. Some

of the substances are not specific to the species because males of related species can be attracted by them. A possible application of

great importance is the use of sex attractants to single out individual pest species without the side effects often resulting from general insecticide use. With about a million

insect species which have been formally described and about two million more to be done, there are First Security Bank offers a special service for families or sponsors still many challenges in entomology. remitting funds to missionaries in the field. We provide either bank

drafts for foreign destinations or cashier's checks free of charge,

X!n,ikTiTrv'\"ifcJi'y'*V'i"'jf*\jf*ii'\y regardless of the amount—and they are cashable anywhere.

Whether your missionary is in the United States or abroad you may safely send any amount required, and there are no delays because you send the bank draft or cashier's check yourself. Both are readily

available at any one of our 98 banking offices in 76 Intermountain communities. There is a First Security Bank near you.

For safe, sure and low cost handling ofyour own money,

First Security provides:

BANK MONEY ORDERS—ideal for people who have an

X-RAY STIMULI \ occasional need to send money. They are redeemable anywhere,

completely safe and cost considerably less than postal money orders.

At the Veterans Administration either our REGULAR orHospital, Long Beach, California, CHECKING ACCOUNTS—Choose

rats have been trained to respond payas-yougo CHECKWAY plans. A generous supply of checks

to signals of very low doses of comes with your name and address printed FREE with either is best for you.X ray directed to the head. The account. Come in and see which

stimulus is probably received in the vicinity of the olfactorybulb region of the brain. First Security Banks

Members Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation

APRIL 1966 257 The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Official organ of the Priesthood

Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, Home Teaching, Music

Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

Contents for April 1966 Volume 69, Number 4

Church Features ART AND PHOTO CREDITS

The Editor's Page: Prayer... and He Who Radiates, Art:257, 260, 352Ed Maryon

322, 340, 342Dale Kilbouni President David O. McKay - 270 277,

Johnson 288—Douglas

Nagata 290Ted for the Dead, Vicarious Question: WorkYour

329Fhyllis Luch 272 Smith Fielding President Joseph

Lettering: Scanlon 350Maurice Priesthood: Listen to the Whisperings of the 270, 262; Melchizedek Moves On, ChurchThe

341, 348John Bullock Bishopric's Page, 322.Spirit, 320; Presiding

Photos: Special Features 270, 320,274, 324Ralph280, 282, 284,Clark292, 298,

First Presidency Statement on Pornography 264 306Twentieth294-J M. HeslopCenturyFox Studios

Toward Improved Communication 266 337Ralph338, 350EldonBarneyLinschoten 274Spiritual Communication, Marion G. Romney—

Sixty Years as a General Authority - 276

Joseph Smith as a Public Speaker, Calvin N. Smith 277

How to Communicate the Gospel, Bruce R. McConkie 280

Does Your Family Talk in (Parentheses)? Duane M. Laws 252

Communication from the Pulpit, Royal L. Garff 284

Home Happiness 288 Teaching: For Your Entertainment, Charles R. Hobbs 292

Genealogy: The Book of Remembrance 294

Since Cumorah: The Mysteries of Zenos and Joseph, Hugh Nibley 296

Infective Listening, Harold Glen Clark, 298

FourPoint Program Launched for Better Motion Pictures 306

The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans 330, 336

Era Policy on Cola Drink Advertising 265

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 257; These Times: Diego Garcia and the Indian

Ocean, G. Homer Durham, 260; Letters and Reports, 265.

The Era of Youth 337 The Last Word -. 352

Family and Home Features Today's Family, Florence B. Pinnock, Editor

Spring 324 Home, Sweet Home 329 Stories, Poetry Times That Try, Robert L. McGrath 290

Poetry 269, 302, 316, 319, 331, 335

The Improvement Era Offices, 79 South State, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

L. Editor: Editor; L. Zobell, Evans, llictnnn Albert Jr., Research Doyle O. David and Carter M. Darold McKay COVER THE ManaguaEditorial Associat<s L.Knowles.GrilKN, Pinnock. Gahhott.: Florence Eleanor Today's Hanks. Family D. M.Editors:Todd. Jones MarionE. Grant. Marlowe. Mabel Thf Jay

Editor: Associate Youth Editor; Director; Keith Era Art Montacce. Genera} EraB. The Reynolds, Art Youth Elaine of The Cannon, RalphEditor; Era of of Harris muralist of Weberg, the

F. Artist. Price. Director; Staff YouthNorman

beautiful 16foot-wide, 34foot-high

Editors. A. Sidney B. Sperry. Nibley, Contributing Jr., Harris, Gardiner, Franklin G. Alma Durham, Hugh Homer

is also the "Ascension of Christ,"S, General Associate F. General Jacobsen, Subscription Manager; Business Carlos S.Manager; Florence Verl Scott, Jr., G. Smith, Manager; Snarr, A. Glen

of in the painter murals the S. Representatives. Evans, Director; Smith, Advertising Glenn Thayer

creation rooms of the Los Angeles of Association Superintendent. Saints, of of Latterday Improvement published 1966, The Jesus Men's Mutual Church General temples. Mutual and Falls by the Idaho and He is the ofYoung of of Christ Associations Latterday All rights reserved. Jesus multiple price, in SubscriptionClirist Church The subscrip- a year, Improvement advance; S3.00 Frijoe painter son of E. Weberg,

price. SS.25; year, $5.75; tions. to $2.50 years, 2 years. -year succeeding each three 3 a year the Saints.added in murals of the the Salt Lake

Salt Office. Citv. matter. at for as of rate 1103, act Entered at special the secondclass Utah Lake for in mailing postage provided section Acceptance creation room. Temple I'ostauthorized 5. 191S.'of October 1917, Jul)

itThewordImprovementand must beEraaccompaniedis not responsibleby sufficientfor unsolicitedpostage formanuscriptsdelivery andbutreturn.welcomes contributions, Manuscripts are paid for on acceptance at the rate of 2$

notice Thirty days'cannot changes be madeis requiredunless theforoldchangeaddressof asaddress,well as Whenthe neworderingone is included.a change, please include address slip from a recent issue of the magazine. Address Coverby DeseretlithographedNews Pressin full color

2S8 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Here are books you won't be able to put down... books that are absorbingly written... booksDYNAMIC

with tremendous themes... books that deserve a lasting place in your home library and in your Church reading plan.READING

AS TRANSLATED CORRECTLY WHO AM I?

by Mark E. Petersen $2.50 by Alvin R. Dyer $5.95

An interesting and informative discussion of Questions most often asked by individuals are

Bible translations, ancient and modern. Elder....Who am I?"... "Where did I come from?"

Petersen gives you a better appreciation of the... "What is my destiny?"This volume will give

inspiration behind Joseph Smith's words in the answers to these ageold questions that have

Articles of Faith... "We believe the Bible to perplexed man from the beginning of time. Aube the word of God as far as it is translated thoritative and well documented, it explains the

correctly."meaning of earthlife existence from the concepts revealed from God in this dispensation.

UNDERSTANDING THE THINGS

OF GOD -by Alma P. Burton $2.95 ONLY ON THE THRESHOLD

, Jr. $ 1.00 A popular writer takes us into the realm of by Albert L. Zobell

modern doctrine to help us understand God's An excellent compilation of religious and ethirelationship to man. This wellwritten book cal subjects put together by a master compiler.

gives us a deeper understanding of the basic A variety of subjects is covered—from "Actitruths concerning God—that he lives, that we vity"to "Youth"... all under alphabetical

were created in his image, that exaltation is headings.

possible through faithfulness.

OF FOOD THOUGHT AND 'N SPICE SUGAR B. Pinnock by Florence $4.50 WITH

V. Hoole and by Daryl Donette V. Ockey $3.95

"Today's Family"Editor has produced a delightful book that is more than just a collection Helpful supplement to enhance Family Home of recipes... it is a daily guide to happier Evenings. Flip charts and lessonstories for

more effective service as a wife and mother. children that are memorable and effective.

HOLY SCRIPTURES OF journal of disTHE CHURCH 26 - set of courses OF SPECIAL OFFER CHRIST JESUS Essential volumes. maOF LATTERDAY SAINTS terial for every LDS

Beautifully bound and DURING APRIL ONLY scholar or teacher. USillustrated—a true family UALLY $94.50. NOW,

treasure. Due to a special purchase DURING

USUALLY $39.50. from the supplier, Deseret APRIL

NOW, DURING Book is able to offer you these ONLY $59.50

april only zjy.yo classic works at a fraction of Postage prepaid anyPostage prepaid anywhere.their usual price. where in the U.S.A.

in the United States.

Order From

DESERET BOOK COMPANY, 44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah

Please send me items No. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8. I enclose check/money

tteseretCOM P A N Y Book Or,orderbillformytotalaccountcost,Q($ ) including 3V2% Utah Sales Tax for residents 44 EAST SO. TEMPLE AND AT COTTONWOOD MALL

CITY SALT LAKE BLVD.. 2472 WASHINGTON OGDEN Name.

777 SO. MAIN ST., ORANGE. CALIFORNIA

Address.

City. State. Zip

APRIL 66 ERA Your kitchen stays cleaner when you

ELECTRIC

Nothing is cleaner than a kilowatt—no

products of combusDiego Garcia and

The Indian Ocean See the smart new THESE TIMES electric range models President,By Dr. G. HomerArizonaDurhamState University, Tempe

at your dealer's now.

If it's electric, it's better! The Indian Ocean, 6,000 miles stance is important in the global

UTAH POWER I LIGHT COMPANY wide and lying between Australia scheme of things. At Prime Minister

and Africa, has an area of 13,000,- Shastri's funeral, the premier of the 000 to 17,000,000 square miles. It Soviet Union and the Vice Presisat significantly, side a of the water dent United States warm BLACK & WHITE is, 80 F. side, the only separated ocean of about by mean by

temperature. solemn figure of Professor RhadaDiego Garcia, a familiar Spanish krishnan, the great scholar, onceFILMS 8 exposure roll name, is also the name of a small vice president, now president of DEVELOPED&# & PRINTED atoll in the Indian Ocean. Few India. Next to Vice President

IN JUMBO SIZE persons in the Western world inHumphrey sat Lord Mountbatten, 12 exposures 504 20 exposures $1.00 clude the Indian Ocean in their last viceroy of India under British

36 exposures $1.50 conscious outlook. To Americans, rule. The seating, symbolic of

COLOR FILM thethe Pacificworld includesand the suchAtlantic,watersHudas India'sour concernpositionfor intheAsia,safetyadmittedof the the CaribSound, Puget son's Bay, Indian Ocean.

the Gulfs of Mexico and DEVELOPING bean, The Indian Ocean is the waterCalifornia. Africa, the Europe, between The Indian way

into consciousness Americas, the Orient, the great and 8-ExposureKODACOLORRoll per OceanLower comes

Dev. and Printing $2.55 roll rarely. Even the Arctic and the southern subcontinent of Asia.

Roll 1 2-Exposure per Dev. and Printing S3.00 ro || Antarctic occupy a larger place in Analyzing the foundations of naColor Reprints 204 each our normal thinking. tional power twenty years ago,

1 35 mm COLORColor Slides SLIDES per nowAtollscomingin theintoIndianour view,Oceanas didare PrincetonHarold andspokeMargaretof "the problemSprout ofof 20 exp., Dev. and Mount...$1.35 roll the Pacific atolls after 1941. the Indian Ocean."Nicholas J.

Slides Color per of Yale, Heronce and presents The Indian Ocean some Spykman,

Dev. 361 35exp.,mm and Mount... $2.40 Military of roll perplexities U.S. to the policy. American man Beukema Color Movie per

8 mm, 25'Roll $1.35 roll Some may have wondered why Academy, were other leading

Mrs. Indira Ghandi, within 24 theorists of American global

GENEALOGY PHOTOS hoursister ofof India,her electionreceivedas Primean invitaMin- phibiousstrategy. EurasianThe safetyrimlands,"of the "amin-

NEGATIVES MADE of OLD tion from President Johnson to visit cluding those bathed by the Indian PHOTOS, 604 each. PRINTS the viewed as essential to Ocean, was crowded, hungry, USA. The of NEGATIVE, 54 each security. cities deathridden of India constiAmerican

Send coin only—no C.O.D.'s tute the main front in the world's The Eurasian rimlands are not so

MoneyBack Guarantee war on poverty. India's neutral "amphibious"in 1966 as they were

SAM'S PHOTO LAB P.O. Box 1 1 1 5 Dept. AA Salt Lake City, Utah

260 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA in 1946. The British have departed

from China, India, Burma, Ceylon,

Malaysia, the Persian Gulf, Africa, and Suez. The British base at Aden

is in trouble. Singapore is subject

to precarious use. Hong Kong is

dependent upon Red China for the very food and water it consumes.

( Red China is also dependent upon

British Hong Kong for dollars, pounds, and other currencies.) The

French concessions in China are gone, as is "French IndoChina."

Cambodia, Laos, and Vietnam are battlegrounds. Will they remain a

congenial part of the "amphibious"world system in which English is widely spoken and to which we have grown accustomed, as friendly neighbors? Or will they follow

Hanoi and Peiping? The Dutch

have been forced to leave Indonesia. The rich "Dutch East Indies"

no longer exist. The Portuguese;

first of the Western navigators to penetrate the Indian Ocean, are gone, except for the ancient church and the gaming tables at Macao, 90 minutes from Hong Kong by hydrofoil.

To understand the war in Vietnam, one has to understand that the old "western"security system is gone from the East: the international compound at Peiping;

Shanghai, the great Britishlike international settlement, and its flotillas; the French at Tientsin President Smith hasSaigon, Madagascar; the powerful,

worldstabilizing British presence at Singapore, Colombo. Bombay, Zions Bank's Oldest Account in the PersianCalcutta, Abadan

Gulf, Kuwait, Aden, Suez, Malta, When Joseph Fielding Smith, Jr. was three months old, his

the Greek islands, Cyprus, Gibralfather, Church President Joseph F. Smith, opened savings

tar—all maintaining the Indian

Ocean as a free and open passage, account number 615 in his son's name.

the connecting link with the AtlanAccount 615 is still held by Joseph Fielding Smith (now tic, the Pacific, and the Western President Smith). It is the bank's oldest continuouslyheld

Belgian,world. French, The Dutch, account. President Smith's confidence in Zions Bank is backed of positions southand Portuguese

the Straits of Gibraltar, in West by 88 years of personal experience and over 50 years as a

Africa, and north and south of the member of the Board of Directors.

Sahara are also gone. For your principal bank account or for your "other bank

their nursed mothers American account,"checking or savings account, there's no better place sent fathers andbabies, grew corn their sons to the cities, in a world than Zions Bank. Open your account by mail or in person.

made relatively secure by the British Royal Navy, British comfdVO)mercial influence and the collaboZIONS rating colonial system of the other

European "maritime"powers.Hence the "amphibious"character, FIRST NATIONAL

to us, of the "Eurasian rimlands"and the significance today of the itafcIndian Ocean. BANKFOUNDED BY BRIGHAM YOUNG—1873

( Continued on page 301 Banks - One Main Street 102 South Main 235 South Main 450 South 2nd West 7th East & 4th South Cottonwood Mail 8th West & 21st South

Kearns Taylorsville Salt Lake City member federal deposit insurance corporation

APRIL 1966 261 The Church Moves On

FEBRUARY 1966

Elder Leonard E. Jensen was sustained as president of Teton

(IdahoWyoming) Stake, succeeding President LaGrande C.

Some 50 styles include all L.D.S. temple

designs in white and latest parchments. Larsen. Elders Lynn S. Kearsley and Grant L. Wilson were retained

Matching Mormon albums, napkins, other as counselors.

accessories. One day rush order service.

Twentyfive scouters (24 of whom, including President N.

Eldon Tanner of the First Presidency, and Second Assistant

YMMIA General Superintendent Carl W. Beuhner, are Latterday

Send 25c for catalog & samples, refunded Saints) received the Silver Beaver award of the Boy Scouts of on first order. (50c if air mail desired.) America at the annual convention of the Great Salt Lake Council

REXCRAFT, Rexburg, Idaho 83440 held in the Tabernacle. There it was announced that 636 Eagle

Name - awards were given in the Council during 1965. The Church is the

Address. third largest religious sponsoring institution of the Boy Scouts of

America.

City, Zone, State - A branch of the Church, the first ever organized in Sicily, was formed at Catania. Servicemen were sustained as branch

leaders. The organization was effected by President Rendell N.

Mabey of the Swiss Mission. Recently a native Sicilian was baptized, the second in recorded church history.

Adelaide Stake, the 414th now functioning and the fourth in Australia, was organized under the direction of Elders

Thomas S. Monson of the Council of the Twelve and President

R. Elder of the First the Seventy. Dudley Council of Paul H. Dunn

as president Wilmott Elders RobertTEMPLE SQUARE Tredrea with was sustained J.

and Ian D. Mamouney as counselors. Adelaide Stake has five

wards and a stake membership of approximately 2,500.

The appointment of Elder Theodore C. Jacobsen as director

of the Bureau of Information on Temple Square in Salt Lake City was announced by President David O. McKay. Elder Jacobsen is

a former president of the Eastern States Mission. His wife, Florence

Modern Coffee Shops and Dining Rooms S. Jacobsen, is general president of the Young Women's Mutual

* * Air Television conditioned

Doubles upSingles $6.00 $8.00 up * Twins $10.00 up Improvement Association and associate general manager of The

Teletype Reservations accepted collect 801521-2405 Improvement Era.

The appointment of Elder Hector Huerta of Puebla, Mexico, to 75 West head the Spanish Distribution Department of the Church in Mexico

South Temple PHONE City was announced.

Salt Lake City, 3552961 Utah Richard N. Everson and counselors, Murlen R. Lancaster and

Ivan Hepworth, were sustained as the presidency of the

Gooding (Idaho) Stake, succeeding President Ross C. Lee and his

counselors, Gail P. Hendrickson and H. Thomas Newman.

Ralph W. Evans, Jr., was sustained as president of the Norwalk

(California) Stake, succeeding President Lewis M. Jones. William

O. McConnell was sustained as first counselor, succeeding Elwin

B. Garfield, while Kenneth L. Davis was sustained second counselor,

succeeding Elder McConnell. Clarence L. West, Manager

FREE DriveinParking Also free parking at any Grant Auto Park in town.

262 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA IN THE GOSPEL NET

by John A. Widtsoe

This LDS classic, long out of print,

is again available through Bookcraft

When the Master sought potential apostles, The story is told by Anna's illustrious son,

He found them fishing. Thereafter, their John A. Widtsoe, president of two universities,

charge was to be fishers of men. scientist of international prominence, dedicated

"In the Gospel Net"is the story of a woman, public servant, and for thirtyone years, memAnna Widtsoe, who tossed by the waves of ber of the Council of the Twelve Apostles. In

mysterious fate was caught in the gospel net, this moving biography of his beloved mother, and carried into a far country, where, through Dr. Widtsoe reveals how faith in the gospel

the possession of eternal truth, she and her can turn sorrow into joy and trouble into family found unbounded happiness. satisfaction. $2.25

2. History of Utah

by Hubert H. Bancroft

Authorized King James version of the 8f8t.8frss'grt'M This excellent work has been acclaimed Old and New Testaments featuring a

as the most authoritative and accurate special 96 page Biblical reference by Dr.

history printed ever the H. on Utah and Milton Hunter, color 12 pages of maps

in of Utah. 3? v% people The book is now of special exand helps. 66 pages study

tremely limited supply, and it will not be This exceptionally high quality Bible was reprinted. If you plan to add this uniqueprinted in England on the finest India

ly interesting and easy to read history to paper, and is handsomely bound in your library, we suggest you order now. genuine goatskin.

$10.00 Regular $12.50

Indexed $13.50

Order from your nearest LDS book dealer or from Bookcraft

BOOKCRAFT: 466

1186 South Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah 84101

Please send the following circled book or books for which I have enclosed check or money order in the amount of $ 1 2 3 regular) (indexed) BOOKCRAFT Name Address. 1186 South Main St.

Salt Lake City, Utah City.... State. Zip.

(Residents of Utah add 2h% sales tax

APRIL 1966 263 First Presidency Calls for Fight

Against Pornography, Obscenity

The First Presidency of the Church has called upon church members and "all rightthinking people to join in a concerted movement to fight pornography"and obscenity. Their statement,

issued February 19, 1966, is as follows:

FOR YOUR FAMILY The circulation of pornographic pictures, books, magazines,

GOOD HEALTH and films in nearly every community has now reached an alarmSTONE GRIND your own ing stage.

grainwhole SizeKitchen flourFLOURwith aMILL.LEE Its detrimental effect upon standards of morality is becoming

stored energyThe vital in so serious that all thoughtful people must unite to combat it.

grain, whole stone100% ground, adds to your family Financially interested persons, claiming "the right to sell whatenjoyment.health and

vitamins, minerals ever the public will buy,"merchandise their questionable waresNatural giving health nuand nature's trients of morsel in every the with no regard for the consequences.

bread, rolls, and cakes you The sale of unclean printed matter, the showing of salacious bake.

TEST the lip smacking flavor films, the presentation of objectionable TV programs, and the disof Flour. Stone Ground LEE paid. semination of immoral material through other means have become $1.50Send fs post for 5

Get recipes and full informaso offensive that decent citizenry can no longer remain silent.

tion.

Even the sanctity of the home is invaded as directby-mail

LEE ENGINEERING CO. merchants thrust their debasing products upon boys and girls, many

2023 W. Wisconsin Ave. Milwaukee, Wis. 53203 of tender years, whose names they subtly obtain for their nefarious

Dept. IE 4-66 purposes.

These merchants seem to have no concern for the morals of the people, nor for the wellbeing of the communities at large

COMING which invariably must suffer through the crime and corruption... First printing since 1907 that always result from a lowering of standards of decency.

"RECENT We are unalterably opposed to sexual immorality and to all

DISCUSSION of manner of obscenity. We proclaim in the strongest terms possible

MORMON against the evil and wicked designs of men who would betray AFFAIRS"by B. H. ROBERTS virtuous manhood and womanhood, enticing them to thoughts and

Answers charges and criticism of the Church. actions leading to vice, the lowering of standards of clean living,

Defense of both our our faith and Church.

extraordinary of evidence An beliefs. and the breaking up of the home. our

Also includes to address the World—by 1st We call upon the members of the Church and all other right- (of Presidency 1907). Establishes understanding of principles, purposes, doctrine, thinking people to join in a concerted movement to fight pornogof and proclamations The Church of Jesus raphy wherever it may be found, whether in books and magazines, Christ Saints. of Latterday

original. Direct reproduction from $1.95.

Reserve local your copy from or on the screen, or in materials sent through the post office. book dealers

We also urge legislators and civil authorities in every state and community to do all in their power to curb this pernicious evil. MitimiMHJBAA Local as well as federal processes may be required to stem

#> P. 0. Box 635 this tide, and yet such action will come only if an aroused electorate

Los Angeles, California makes its feelings known.

It seems incredible that elected officials can be so far misled as to suppose that they are acting in the public interest when they '= ':'-., allow this debasing condition to continue.

Minorities seeking to make financial gain at the expense of a silent majority should not be permitted to bring widespread tragedy upon others for want of a strong expression in defense of decency.

"WE BELIEVE"Every father and mother should be aroused to the danger,

BRACELET and should demand an immediate termination of this flagrant vice.

of Faith indelibly The 13 Articles stamped on The First Presidency, the attractive goldplated ideal gift scrolls. An

available at Cos* 57.50 your—localor orderLDS directbook store.from The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

SERVICE GREETING CARD COMPANY 4937 South Durfee Avenue Pico Rivera, California 90661

264 inb ijtii nw:ra

Letters and Reports when you join LDS Books Club and make your ERA POLICY REGARDING first regular

ADVERTISING OF DRINK CONTAINING CAFFEINE Club selection.

The Improvement Era does not accept advertising for beverages that contain caffeine. A number of inquiries have

been received concerning the Tab softdrink ad that appears on page 233 of the HOW TO PRAY AND STAY AWAKE by Max b. skousen

March 1966 issue. Before accepting this

ad, we had the drink analyzed for cafThis inspiring guide to prayer can help price. It is yours free when you join LDS

Statefeine content Chemist's the Utah by the reality and nearness you know of God Books Club and make your first Club isoffice. test 66C404, number The is possible only through genuine and selection. reads: that Their 10, report 1966.February

"Caffeine: none."DLG thoughtful prayer. The wide selection of books offered by

The book discusses such topics as how LDS Books Club includes Church history,

DOZEN EAGLES A YEAR to pray, what to pray for, praying in public, doctrine, biographies, important new refamily prayer, and how your prayers are leases and established Church classics.

The true measure of the Eagle Scout is answered. As a member, you will receive a valunot the moment when he receives his Over 30,000 copies of this outstanding able bonus book free for every four books

effort, diligence,Eagle, but the consistent its fifteenth printbest seller, purchased now in through the Club—a saving that brought him to LDS advancementand

at the ing, have regular been sold retail to you of 20%.this moment.

of the Holladay First Ward, 50Troop eleven MAKE YOUR FIRST CLUB SELECTION FROM ANY OF THESE LDS BEST SELLERS Stake, brought Utah,Holladay

Eagle Scouts to this proud moment in 1. The Abundant Life 2. What Doth It Profit 3. Thoughts for Vh Minute Talks

1965. (In 1964 the troop produced by Hugh B. Brown by Sterling W. Sill by Lindsay R. Curtis

twelve Eagle Scouts.) In addition, durArticles, speeches and conThe truths and wisdom of Timely lessons and fascithis merit ference 454 acquired troop 1965,ing addresses never the ages presented

before published. forceful toread terms. in easySplendidnating thoughtsreadingforfortalks.all. fundpermanent two havebadges. They

$3.00 $3.95 $3.50 truck projects.raising A threeacre

,, project duran interestinggarden makes ing the summer months. They have a 4. The Magic of Mormonism 5. The Missouri Persecutions 6. Pathways to Happiness

troopowned chain saw, which gives them by Earl Stowell by B. H. Roberts: s -.,! - by David 0. McKay

for winter project fund fireplacewooda at: Explains the day historical byday A moving explains David McKay

Church. 1 operation of the Saintsraising. of the count heroism A the for temples. need0.

for Especially converts. i sacrifice in Missouri. and classic. prized Church First are: left to rightPictured row—Dan

Sundberg, Steve Neff, Steve Hunt, Mark $3.50 $3.50 $3.95

Wallin, Dennis Clark. Second rowBishop M. W. Wallin, Jim Moyes, Coun- 7. The Rise and Fall of Nauvoo The Third Thousand Years Messages of the First Presidency,

selor Gordon, Art Ford, Greg Bandy by B. H. Roberts by W. Cleon Skousen Vol.11:esS: Scoutmaster Jensen,Jensen, Brad Wayne of ky James years Seven tnu "Clark mph The of sweeping drama Speirs, suddenly byGreybill, Counselor flf',,. blackened Brent and official THii, Inspiring statements biblical events the from

expulsion and martyrdom i'v'j of of Brigham Young. time John Abraham. picture the Absent Kunz. whenSeymour

Taylor. Wilford Woodruff. $3.95 Assistant Smith taken were and $5.95was Dan -—-* $4.50 Woodruff.Scoutmaster Manford

Please send free of charge "How to Pray and Stay Awake"by Max

B. Skousen. Also, send the following circled book(s) as my first

Club selection: 12 3 4 5 6 7 8 9

Check or money order in the amount of $.

is enclosed as payment for my first Club selection.

Enroll me as a LDS Books Club member and send me monthly reviews.! hereby agree to

purchase a minimum of 4 regular Club selections or alternates during the next 12 months at the regular advertised price. (Premium book for joining does not qualify as a regular

Club selection or alternate.) I may resign at any time after purchasing 4 books. For each

4 books I accept, I will receive a valuable bonus book free—a saving of 20%.

NAME

LDS BOOKS CLUB, INC. ADDRESS

P.O. Box 400 /

Salt Lake City, Utah 84101 CITY.... STATE ZIP

(Good only in U.S. and Canada. Residents of Utah add 3>/i% sales tax.) 4-66

APRIL 1966 265 Toward Improved Communication

Communication is the mortar nately, language is capable of that binds together all of the affairs confusion as well as clarity. The

of men. Because of transference of dictionary calls it gobbledygook,

thought and feeling through spoken the inflated, involved, and obscure and written words, sounds, gesverbiage characteristic of the protures, signals, and symbols, no man nouncements of officialdom.

stands alone. Each person is part In order to communicate, it is

of his society, affecting it and necessary to attract attention, but affected by it. Loss of communicathe communication process is not

tion has resulted in wars, suffering, complete until the communicator inconvenience, misunderstanding, becomes believable and imparts ignorance, and death, while effecunderstanding to the receiver.

tive communication has brought Many barriers face both. The

avoidance of these ills and exploreceiver may be stymied by prejusions of knowledge, understanding, dice, superstition, fear of the facts, and goodwill. age, sex, economic and educational

Probably the greatest communidifferences. The communicator may

cative step forward occurred in fail through use of slippery words,

Germany in 1452 when Johann lack of time, censorship, limitation

Gutenberg invented movable type. of language or means of communiHis great discovery helped to usher cation. It behooves men of good

in the Renaissance, with its spread will and men of God to break down "Where the World of knowledge and eventual banishthe barriers.

Registers"ment of much ignorance. Printing Rhetoric is not always requisite

was the chief means of mass comto communication. The thought in

Your next trip to Denver—the munication until the nineteenth one man's mind and the feeling in

climate capital of America—century, producing untold numbers his soul have many ways of reachwill be most memorable when of books, newspapers, pamphlets, ing the minds and souls of other

you stay at the Brown Palace. and magazines. With the ninemen. Great artists reach men visu600 air conditioned rooms teenth century came photography, ally by putting their feelings on

telegraph, engraving, the and the canvas in marble, while the and suites and executive rooms telephone. In the centwentieth into composer pours his heart

five famous restaurants tury men invented radio, television, sounds, the dancer into motion, and complete convention motion pictures, Telephoto, and the actor into dramatic expression.

accommodations communications satellites in such The wink of an eye, shrug of a profusion that people in civilized shoulder, or shape of a mouth can

To expedite your reply, write Dept. IE nations are buried in an avalanche speak with eloquence. No words

of words. Competition of messages can convey the love between husrather than lack of them has beband and wife in time of sorrow or

KARL W. MEHLMANN, General Manager come the greatest barrier to effecjoy like the touch of a hand.

Represented by: tive communication. Yet even more subtle is the comMEMBER ROBERT F. WARNER Words are the bullets in the munication of God to man. It has

New York City battle for men's minds, for the concome with the terror of thunder

GLENN W. FAWCETT sumer's dollar, and for men's souls. and earthquake after the cruciLos Angeles

Dictators who realize this have fixion, with flood as in the days of learned to subdue nations quickly Noah, and as fire and a cloud to by capturing their communications the children of Israel. But more

Join our is HILL CUMORAH and MORMON thoughtsmedia. Packagedand feelingsin wordsof mankind.are the usually,not in theas whirlwind,Elijah foundnorout,the GodearthTRAIL TOUR

20 days by air conditioned bus What every purveyor of knowledge quake, nor the fire; he is in the still,

July Depart 21 learns early is that words can make small voice. Unlike the strident

our and him or break him and his cause. sounds of modern mass communiSPECIAL HAWAIIAN ISLANDS

TOUR Every sermon, every instruction, cation, his mind quietly opens and 11 days—Depart June 12 every appeal would be totally clear enters the mind of man when the

at first class hotels Stay Both tours esif one could choose the right words recipient is in tune. To those enpersonally

corted McGhie, by Frank LDS Coordinator of Semiand convey them incisively. There folded in the restored Church,

naries. would not be such a thing as a dull, there is no greater aspiration than

JACK THOMAS boring, or concealed speech, adverto meet God daily through such

TRAVEL SERVICE tisement, or order. But, unfortucommunication.

Hotel Newhouse Lobby 3289803

266 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA All tires are circular, and black, and sometimes white on the sides. m

But that's where the similarity ends. Take our Amoco 120. AMERICAN OIL COMPANY

The very best of the premium tires you'll find at American Oil stations. This is the one we torturetest at a sustained speed of

utter at 60. This drive confidence with so mph, can 120 you is the T.%fitL

&e? m; s ss&ns sjy&nj s c*s you've that a a surefootedness with slippery grips wet, road one

to inner strength with the before. never experienced This is the one 414 32b 015 2

tire In short, apart. ordinary tear withstand an impacts that would S0CH3 TitM FRED F UEWETH

this is our super tire. One of the most recent reasons why 2625 HOLIDAY DR 01 stofcttN

"You expect more from American and you get it!"* MEV ORLEANS LA

The American Oil Company, 1966

World's largest distributor of Atlas tires

tire is a tire is a tire. A

Or is it?

V

/'IBB #!;

'I, ":

M THE AMOCO. 120

lemarK

Success Story

at Silver Creek (A Progress Report on Salt Lake's "Planned Community"Suburb)

The most accurate way to test the integrity, honesty, and dependability of a land offer by a suburban developer is to study the development's progress. Therefore, the

developers of the Silver Creek properties present for your approval their report ofprogress as of April 1966:

All 200 of the 10acre estate tracts sold out!

225 2V2acre residential lots now on sale... 75 already sold

Plentiful water supply—with huge 5-story, 200,000

gallon storage tank

4,000 feet of the complete water pipeline already installed 680foot well already drilled and flowing

Homes being built—3 residences under construction,

1 already being lived in—many others in blueprint stages

1 1 miles of allweather road completed in residential area

Plans for Silver Greek Interchange off Interstate 81 already completed by State Highway Department 93 commercial lots now on sale, 25 already sold

Sale of 1.6 acres to Phillips Oil Co. for Interstate Service

Station development Option of 4 Silver Creek acres by a national company for proposed site of ultramodern motel and restaurant

Silver Creek's record ofprogress speaks for itself... a confirmation

that Silver Creek was and is a completely planned project—

researched, studied and professionally developed—with great

potential for further growth!

Select your 2 2-acre Drive up Parley's Canyon (US40 I 80) to Silver Creek Estates Office at Silver Creek lot NOW

Silver Creek Junction (just 20 minutes from Salt Lake City. Office at this low price level:

open daily. Or phone: 3636100.

To: Silver Creek Corporation 72

P. 0. Box 1537, Salt Lake City, Utah per month Please send complete information to: 38

My Name 00 down Address 295 City State Full purchase price just to pay. Zip Phone <j% apa with up to eight years

Jmg M #W 20% cash discount. Limited offer.

268 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "HOW FAITH IN THE SECOND COMING OF CHRIST AFFECTS MY LIFE TODAY"

BY ARTHUR PRICE

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY that JesusAssured is the Christ, PURCHASES KNABE—Son,God's wellbeloved

Who came to earth with man THE OFFICIAL PIANO OF THE METROPOLITAN OPERA to live, And for him to atone.

You'll find six Knabe Grands in the new Franklin S. Harris Fine

Assured he had within himself Arts Center. And have you noticed how many other handsome

The power to he the first churches and fine public buildings are choosing Knabe?

To break the bands of death, and rise, Church and civic leaders who know the worth of a fine piano

The resurrected Christ. specify Knabe. Long a favorite of teachers and professional

musicians, Knabe's renowned voice, sensitive response and deAssured that to our Prophet dear pendable service have set it apart as the Official Piano of the

In glory Christ appeared Metropolitan Opera.

And taught the boy salvations plan By every Saint revered. Write today for the name of your nearest Knabe dealer and receive a handsome catalog depicting and describing the many

Assured that Christ will come quality features of Knabe.

again To cleanse the earth from sin,

Then will his Father's kingdom come And Christ on earth will reign.

eventAssured t mm the is imminent, 1 I live todayHow must

If I would in that kingdom dwell,Where righteousness holds sway? muz

East Rochester, N.Y. *J these assurancesWith

Pianos of Quality Signature jf thatConvinced if I try I am A

To emulate Christ's qualities His aid he will supply.

So, Father, in thy Son's dear ATTENTION BISHOPS name, And for thy dear Son's sake, f GENEALOGY PROBLEMS???

Forgive my many faults, and let XXXJXiTcxxiraxxaixxaxKxxxxxxcxxx ZIONS COLOR INC.Me of thy love partake., V htm. &.C.* titm --ftim SJ

That I may strive to be like thee HAS A PROGRAM WHICH

Poor though my likeness be, CAN PUT A

="Mj/.(-JtMfUJ*J."aAnd by thy Spirit help me live "litB r.d.aiyu fui tilf AW.Mi

To thee, unceasingly.

1 <2oo emembraitce(, Price, versatile architectArthur 92year-old fmm has directed the Arizona, on work Los Anwho geles, Falls, Idaho has jlaiiliiiaiiiifligimaiiLiix.rxxaxixxxxxxxxxxl Oakland Temples, and

also put to music the above poem, which he *wrote in response to a Sunday School assignment. Li IN EVERY HOME

%2 2991 West 3500 South Salt Lake City, Utah Phone 2983491

APRIL 19S6 269 THE EDITOR'S PAGE BY PRESIDENT $ $ DAVID O. MCKAY

Prayer is a fundamental principle of religion, the simple fact. The result of this declaration was his

Christian religion particularly, and prayer is a force immediate ostracism from the religious world. In a

for good. A praying man is a growing man. He is very short time he found himself standing alone.

a powerful man. Alone—and unacquainted with the learning and

In the Sermon on the Mount Christ said: philosophy of his day.

"... when thou prayest, enter into thy closet, and Alone—and unschooled in the arts and sciences.

when thou hast shut thy door, pray to thy Father Alone—with no philosopher to instruct him, no minwhich is in secret; and thy Father which seeth in ister to guide him. In simplicity and kindness he had

secret shall reward thee openly."(Matt. 6:6.) hastened to them with his glorious message; in scorn

The great example of prayer in this Church is that and derision they had turned from him.

great experience in the Sacred Grove of upstate Although he seemed alone, he was alone only as was

New York. Moses on Sinai, as Jesus on the Mount of Olives. As

One hundred fortysix years ago Joseph Smith, with the Master, so with the Prophet; his instructions

a mere boy between fourteen and fifteen years of came not through manmade channels but direct from age, declared that in answer to prayer, he received God, the source of all intelligence.

a revelation from God. His declaration was simple, but The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints is

positive; and he was surprised when men doubted its founded upon prayer, upon humble, earnest comtruth. To him his claim was but the statement of a munion with the heavens.

We believe in prayer. is not alone what he says, it is not alone what he doesWe believe in the restored gospel, which was reit is what he is. Every man, every person radiates

vealed in answer to prayer. Then let us radiate it what he or she is.

in our lives, in every dealing with our neighbors and Every person is a recipient of radiation. The Savior

associates. was conscious of that. Whenever he came into the

The Savior set us the example, always calm, always presence of an individual, he sensed that radiation—

controlled, radiating something that the people could whether it was the woman of Samaria with her past feel as they passed—the woman who touched his life; whether it was the woman who was to be stoned,

garment is an example. He felt something go from or the men who were to stone her; whether it was

him, that radiation which is divine. the statesman Nicodemus, or one of the lepers. He

Every man and every person who lives in this world was conscious of the radiation from the individual.

wields an influence, whether for good or for evil. It And to a degree so are you, and so am I. It is what

270 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA There are at least four great blessings that will come The third blessing is confidence. Let us teach the

here and now to those who seek the Lord in prayer: thousands of students who are struggling to get an

The first is gratitude. Their souls will be filled with education that if they want to succeed in their lessons,

thanksgiving for what God has done for them. They they should seek their God; that the greatest Teacher

will find themselves rich in favors bestowed. The known to the world stands near to guide them. Once

young man who closes the door behind him, who a student feels that he can approach the Lord through draws the curtains, and there in silence pleads with prayer, he will receive confidence that he can get

God for help, should first pour out his soul in gratihis lessons, that he can prepare his speech, that he tude for health, for friends, for loved ones, for the can stand before his fellow students and deliver his gospel, and for the manifestation of God's existence. message without fear of failure. Confidence comes

The second blessing of prayer is guidance. I canthrough sincere prayer.

not conceive of a young man going astray or a young Fourth, he will obtain inspiration. It is not imaginagirl going far wrong who will kneel down in the tion that we can approach God and can receive light

morning and pray sincerely. I cannot think that a and guidance from him, that our minds will be enLatter-day Saint will hold enmity in his heart if he lightened, our souls thrilled by his Spirit. Washington

will sincerely, in secret, pray God to remove from his sought it; Lincoln received it; Joseph Smith knew it.

heart all feelings of envy and malice toward any of Inspiration is manifest to all who will but open their his fellowmen. eyes to see and their hearts to understand.

we are and what we radiate that affects the people loyalty. Let our neighbors see and hear u\ Never

around us. must there be expressed in a Latterday Saint home an

As individuals we must think nobler thoughts. We oath, a condemnatory term, an expression of anger, or

must not encourage vile thoughts or low aspirations. jealousy, or hatred.

We shall radiate them if we do. If we think noble Each individual soul has it. That is you. The body

thoughts, if we encourage and cherish noble aspirais only the house in which you live. God help us to

tions, there will be that radiation when we meet radiate strength, control, love, charity (which is anpeople, especially when we associate with them. other name for love), consideration, best wishes for

Today we have greater responsibility than ever all human beings.

before, as men of the priesthood, as women of the God help us as members of the priesthood and as

Church, to make our homes such as will radiate to members of the Church to radiate faith in God, love our neighbors harmony, love, community duties, of humanity, sendee to his people wherever they are.

APRIL 1966 271 question: "In your writings in the Doctrines of

Salvation [Vol. 2, p. 164], you state that there is an

abundance of evidence showing that no work was performed for the dead until after the resurrection of our YOUR Redeemer. Yet in our discussion some members of the

class thought that many of the washings and anointings in the Temple of Solomon must have been perQUES- formed for the dead. Is this wrong, or is it possible

that there were vicarious ordinances performed in the

Temple of Solomon in those ancient times, such as TION

ANSWERED BY washings, baptisms, and anointings?"

PRESIDENT JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH OF THE FIRST PRESIDENCY icarious Work answer: There is nothing recorded in the Old

Testament declaring that gospel ordinances were performed in the Temple of Solomon in the interest of the dead. It appears very clear in all that was tor written in the Old Testament, or in the Book of Mormon pertaining to the history of Israel, that nothing

in any manner conveys the thought that vicarious work was performed in those early times for the dead.

It seems to be a very clear and logical conclusion for he one to reach that until the Son of God had finished his preparations for the salvation of man and to bring to pass the resurrection of the dead, there could be no ordinance or labor of any kind pertaining to the resurDead

272 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA rection and redemption of mankind that could be have no sting, there could have been no resurrection.

performed for the dead. Therefore, in the Temple "But there is a resurrection, therefore the grave hath

of Solomon the ordinances were evidently confined to no victory, and the sting of death is swallowed up the living. in Christ.

It was not until after the Savior had finished his "He is the light and the life of the world; yea, a

work and had obtained the keys of the resurrection light that is endless, that can never be darkened; yea,

through his great sacrifice upon the cross that there and also a life which is endless, that there can be no could be any ordinance, whether baptism, ordination, more death."(Mosiah 16:1, 6-9.)

or sealing, that could properly be performed in behalf It is in strict accordance with the divine will that of the dead. All such blessings had to wait until the the great work for the salvation of the dead was one

Redeemer had finished his work and had thus obtained assigned to those who lived in the dispensation of the the keys of the resurrection. This being true, all of fullness of times. It was a work that could not be

the ordinances performed in the Temple of Solomon performed for the dead until after the Savior had or elsewhere had to be confined to those who were opened the door for vicarious salvation. It was,

living in mortal flesh. therefore, a doctrine that was not discussed nor pracThe statement of the Savior to his disciples immeticed in ancient Israel. We must reach the conclusion

diately following his association with them after aristhat the font in the Temple of Solomon—at least until

ing from the tomb is definitely significant, as follows: after the resurrection of our Redeemer—was used

"All power is given unto me in heaven and on earth. solely for baptizing the living until after the Savior

"Go ye therefore, and teach all nations, baptizing had paid the debt'and gained the victory over death.

them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and Unfortunately, there is very little stated in the Old of the Holy Ghost "(Matt. 28:1819.) Testament, and never an ordinance performed, perThe implication expressed in this remark is that until taining to the dead. Paul makes one simple statehe had obtained the resurrection, he had not received ment—which, as far as my knowledge goes, is the only

all power, both "... in heaven and on earth."But direct statement pertaining to the salvation of the

from this time henceforth his disciples had the authordead and the performance of ordinances in their ity to proclaim his word to every creature. Moreover, behalf—in his epistle to the Corinthian Saints as rethe ordinances of the gospel, based on his divine corded in the first epistle, chapter 15, verse 29,

authority, now extended to the ends of the earth—not as follows:

only to the ends of the earth, but now they were to be "Else what shall they do which are baptized for exercised in behalf of every creature both living and the dead, if the dead rise not at all? why are they then

dead. Well could Abinadi say to the wayward baptized for the dead?"

Nephites From this we learn that in the Church in the days "The time shall come when all shall see the salvation of Paul, the ordinance of salvation for the dead was a of the Lord; when every nation, kindred, tongue, and doctrine practiced, and baptisms were performed for

people... shall confess before God that his judgthem in that dispensation. As time moved on, this

ments are just.... great ordinance and blessing in behalf of the dead fell

"And now if Christ had not come into the world, into disuse and was finally forgotten.

speaking of things to come as though they have We have every reason to believe that the Redeemer already come, there could have been no redemption. gave unto Israel, through the appointed authorities,

"And if Christ had not risen from the dead, or the fulness of the blessings of the priesthood and the have broken the bands of death that the grave saving ordinances of the gospel, both for the living should have no victory, and that death should and for the dead, before he departed from them.

APRIL 1966 273 Personal revelation on the decisions of life is the right of everyone.

BY ELDER MARION G. ROMNEY

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVESptntual

I am painfully aware that Chris- [and that] God hath revealed them unto us by his tianity today does not evidence a Spirit...,"as taught by Paul (1 Cor. 2:11, 10),

uniform understanding of the basic there must be personal revelation, that is, revelation doctrines taught by Jesus Christ. to individuals, by which they may understand the

The scores of churches with their basic revelations and receive soulsatisfying confirmavaried creeds and interpretations tion as to their divinity. The scriptures clearly affirm

seem to lead away from, rather that there is such a voice of the Spirit. (Matt. 16:1617;

than toward, that glorious fulfillment assured by Paul 1 Cor. 12:3.) The Lord teaches specifically and

when "we all come in the unity of the faith...."emphatically that such guidance is available to every

(Eph. 4:13.) man and that, if followed, it would lead to a solution

This confusion, tragic as it is, and disheartening to some, does not disprove the testimony that the scriptures declare the word of God. What it does prove

is that conflicting interpretations of scriptural doctrine are being made in the feeble, flickering light of man's wisdom. This naturally brings confusion, because the

things of God cannot be understood through the natural senses or learning of men. (1 Cor. 1:17—

2:16.) The principle of revelation is the key that opens the mind and spirit of man to an understanding of the gospel. There is no other key to this knowledge.

Thinkers have philosophized, poets have dreamed, and scientists have experimented, but only God speaks with a sure knowledge of all truth.

Some years ago I listened to a lecturer at a university who, after 'arguing long and deviously, came to the conclusion that there is no such thing as religious knowledge. Limited to the extent of his

awareness, he was right—he had no religious knowledge. And he could not obtain any because he had

ruled out revelation.

It is my witness that by the power of God, truth concerning the eternal verities with which the gospel deals has been revealed in the past, is now being revealed, and will continue in the future to be communicated to men by revelation from heaven. Revelation is the ageold established law by which God

communes with men.

Now, since the doctrine is true that "the things of

God knoweth no man, but [by] the Spirit of God

274 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA to our problems—individual, national, and interuninspired wisdom of men will never extract us from

national: our difficulties.

"The Spirit giveth light to every man that cometh into the world; and the Spirit enlighteneth every man Prayer—Man Communicates with God

through the world, that hearkeneth to the voice of If you would obtain and keep the guidance of the the Spirit.... Spirit, you can do it by following this simple three-

"And the Father teacheth him of the covenant... point program: First, pray diligently. Learn to talk to

which is confirmed upon you for your sakes, and the Lord; call upon his name in great faith and

... for the sake of the whole world."(D&C 84:46, 48.) confidence. Second, live righteously. Repent of your

On the other hand, those who reject the guidance sins by confessing them and forsaking them; then conof the Spirit become carnal, sensual, and devilish, and form to the teachings of the gospel and give service

move in the opposite direction. in the Church. Third, study. Study the gospel as

Lehi put it this way: "Wherefore, men are free... you might study sciences and other scholastic courses.

to choose liberty and eternal life, through the great If you will do these things, you will get the guidance mediation of all men, or to choose captivity and death, of the Holy Spirit, and you will go through this world according to the captivity and power of the devil; successfully, regardless of what the people of this

for he seeketh that all men might be miserable like world do.

unto himself."(2 Nephi 2:27.) Just as revelation is the means by which God comThis matter of obtaining and following the guidmunicates with men, prayer is the means by which

ance of the Spirit cannot be overemphasized, for it is men communicate with God. Therefore, prayer is one

the issue that separates the righteous from the wicked. of our most important subjects for consideration. Jesus

"Whoso cometh not unto me,"says the Lord, "is inspired us with the hope to become like our Father, under the bondage of sin.... for he said, "Be ye therefore perfect, even as your

"And by this you may know the righteous from the Father which is in heaven is perfect."(Matt. 5:48.)

wicked, and that the whole world groaneth under No one ever reaches this perfection except those who sin and darkness even now."(D&C 84:51, 53.) are guided to it by him who is perfect. And guidance

Jesus told Nicodemus that: from him is to be had only through prayer.

"God sent... his Son into the world... that the No prayer is effective unless it is sincere. As he

world through him might be saved. taught the multitude, Jesus said, "And when thou

"He that believeth on him is not condemned: but prayest thou shalt not do as the hypocrites, for they

he that believeth not is condemned already.... love to pray... that they may be seen of men."(3

"And this is the condemnation, that light is come Nephi 13:5. ) Continuing with his instructions, he said

into the world, and men loved darkness rather than to use no vain repetition. Then, in what has come to be

light, because their deeds were evil. known universally as the Lord's Prayer, he gave a

"For every one that doeth evil hateth the light, pattern for prayer.

neither cometh to the light, lest his deeds should "Our Father who art in heaven, hallowed be thy be reproved. name.

"But he that doeth truth cometh to the light, that "Thy will be done on earth as it is in heaven.

his deeds may be made manifest, that they are "And forgive us our debts, as we forgive our wrought in God."(John 3:1721.) debtors.

These teachings clearly establish the fact that the "And lead us not into temptation, but deliver us guidance received by each individual is strictly his from evil.

own responsibility. Each is given his free agency, and "For thine is the kingdom, and the power, and the

each is held responsible for his exercise of it. glory, forever. Amen."(3 Nephi 13:9-13.)

There is no middle ground. When men reject the In addition to sincerity, two other elements of

guidance of the Holy Spirit, they are left to their prayer are emphasized in this scripture. One is the

own wisdom and to the promptings of the evil spirit. expression of reverence to the Father; the other is

They may "have joy in their works for a season,"but a requirement that we forgive our debtors. It is

"by and by the end cometh, and they are hewn down interesting to note that in three of the five verses in and cast into the fire, from whence there is no return."the Lord's Prayer (as quoted from Third Nephi, and

(3 Nephi 27:11.) History, the scriptures, and daily which is a little shorter than in Matthew), he pays

experience all eloquently confirm this truth. The reverential deference to his Father in heaven. Only

APRIL 1966 275 two of the five verses contain requests for the petiWhen we pray, we should consciously direct our tioner, and neither of these requests goes to temporal prayers to God, our Heavenly Father. We neither

matters. On the contrary, they both have to do with pray to saints nor to an unknown god. "The only

the petitioner's conduct. One is a plea for deliverinstance of praying to saints, mentioned in the Bible,"

ance from the adversary: "... lead us not into temptasays Richard Cecil, "is that of the rich man in torment

tion, but deliver us from evil."The other is a plea calling upon Abraham; and let it be remembered

for forgiveness in the same manner that we forgive that it was practised only by a lost soul and without our debtors. Jesus apparently attached great imsuccess."(The Neiu Dictionary of Thoughts, comp.

portance to the phrase, "... forgive us our debts, as Tryon Edwards [Standard Book Company, 1959], p.

we forgive our debtors,"because after he had con506. ) There is a world of difference between a prayer

cluded his prayer, he went on to say: understandingly addressed to our Father in heaven

"For, if ye forgive men their trespasses your Heavand one addressed to some saint or an unknown god.

enly Father will also forgive you; No man prays to a hypothetical god with any faith

"But if ye forgive not men their trespasses neither or expectation that his petition will receive sympawill your Father forgive your trespasses."(3 Nephi thetic consideration, but one can pray to the true and

13:1415.) living God conceived (Continued on page 301)

Sixty Years as a General Authority

The Quorum of the Twelve Pays Tribute to President David O. McKay

To President David O. McKay from your associates, The Quorum of the Twelve:

Threescore years ago you were called to be an worthy living you and your noble wife have set for all apostle of our Lord Jesus Christ. In the time that has people to follow and for the example of your home

elapsed since then, you have been a counselor to two life. We are thankful for the writings you have left

presidents of the Church and fifteen years ago were to a world so much needing their kind. We rejoice

made its president. in the power the Lord has given you to comfort the

We salute and congratulate you for your long and distressed and downcast, and through your ministradedicated service. tions to heal the sick and those afflicted. We are

In our associations with you, our cup of joy has grateful for the goodwill you have established in been full to overflowing and our love for you comforeign lands and with heads of nations, opening the plete. We honor you for your many accomplishments. way for an acceleration of the spread of the gospel

We respect you for your virtues. We have noted and the creating of a good reputation for the Church.

among them these in particular: your singleness of We mention these virtues (there are others) that

purpose, your exalted feelings, ideas, and ideals, your you may know how greatly we appreciate the dimenboundless faith, your profound thinking, the strength sions of your mind and will.

and firmness of your testimony, your sound judgment, Your mission in life has been and is very great. It

your love for all mankind. We enjoy your rich and is marvelous to us, and we are humbly grateful to the

delicate humor, your optimism, your long look ahead, Lord that he has permitted us to labor with you in your good cheer. his cause for the good of mankind. We trust he will

We rejoice in your ability to teach, to expound, to permit you to live in power and health among us as inspire—in the lofty and forceful manner in which you his Prophet, Seer, and Revelator until he sees fit to

express yourself. We are grateful for the example of call you unto himself.

Joseph Fielding Smith Mark E. Petersen Richard L. Evans

Harold B. Lee Delbert L. Stapley Howard W. Hunter

Spencer W. Kimball Marion G. Romney Gordon B. Hinckley

Ezra Taft Benson LeGrand Richards Thomas S. Monson

276 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Many remarked on his ethereal appearance when he spoke under

inspiration.

.. he looked as

though a searchlight were inside his face...??

Public speaking has always The first indication we have of Joseph Smith's played a vital role in The Church interest in public speaking is recorded shortly after of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. the family moved to Palmyra, New York, from VerNo one realized the importance of mont. There, the future prophet joined a "juvenile

the spoken word more fully than debating society"and, using a tree stump as a platJoseph Smith. Throughout his life form, earnestly addressed his young colleagues on

he expressed a lively interest in religious and political questions of the day. One of

very a "was that Joseph later reported the group addresses. his Through public of quality theimproving

1 Daniel meetings."in the evening exhorter passable Lord, he became of the help the withhis diligence and

one of the most effective speakers of his age. Hendrix, who later helped set the type for the Book

APRIL 1966 277 of Mormon, wrote that young Joseph "was a good Further evidence of Joseph Smith's impression on the talker and would have made a fine stump speaker, populace was the fact that out of the sixteen baptisms if he had had the training. "- recorded on the trip, he performed at least fourteen

One must not conclude that Joseph's talents as a of them.'1

speaker bloomed completely during this period, howThe Prophet's appearance while the Holy Ghost ever. While he was quite adept at speaking to his was upon him was truly striking, and its influence

young friends whom he knew well, it was quite anmade him very persuasive. Even in the earliest years

other thing for him to speak to large groups of of the Church, Jared Carter noted the contrast bestrangers. In fact, the Prophet seemed to realize that tween his normal appearance and fluency and those

his ability was limited in this respect, and, even during same attributes when he was inspired. Of a conferthe early years after the Church was organized, he ence in 1831, Carter wrote:

left the bulk of the preaching to more polished orators, "... On this occasion brother Joseph, notwithstandsuch as Oliver Cowdery, Sidney Rigdon, Parley P. ing he was not naturally a talented speaker, was filled

Pratt, and others. with the power of the Holy Ghost, and spoke as I

The fact that early in the history of the Church never heard man speak for God before. Surely the

Joseph Smith could not speak freely to large crowds Holy Ghost spoke through him and marvelous indeed was fulfillment of prophecy. In the Book of Morwas the display of the power of the Spirit among the

mon, Lehi foretold Joseph Smith's birth and compared Elders present."7

his mission with that of Moses. The two prophets Others also bore testimony of the Prophet's ethereal

were to be alike in many respects, including their appearance when he spoke under inspiration. Mary

manner of speech. Moses characterized himself as Elizabeth Rollins said of those times, "He looked as

being "slow of speech, and of a slow tongue,"3 and though a searchlight was inside his face and shining

Lehi predicted that the prophet of the latter days through every pore."Brigham Young declared:

would have a similar problem. While he would be a "Those who were acquainted with him knew when

convincing writer, Lehi declared, the latterday the Spirit of Revelation was on him, for his counte- "Moses"(Joseph Smith) would be restricted in speech. nance wore an expression peculiar to himself while

"And the Lord hath said: I will raise up a Moses; under that influence. He preached by the Spirit of

and I will give power unto him in a rod; and I will Revelation, taught in his council by it and those who

give judgment unto him in writing. Yet I toill not were acquainted with him could discover it at once,

loose his tongue, that he shall speak much, for I will for at such times there was a peculiar transparency in not make him mighty in speaking."1 his face."s

As a result of Joseph Smith's lack of polish at this Joseph Smith, as far as we can tell, generally did stage of his career, the Lord appointed a "spokesman"not formally write out his speeches. Instead, he

for him as was Aaron unto Moses. In 1833, while the seemed to rely largely on his intensive study of the

Prophet and Sidney Rigdon were on a mission in New scriptures and on the Holy Ghost to aid him in exYork, Joseph received the following revelation: pounding the gospel. Less than a year before his death

"And it is expedient in me that you, my servant he told the Saints:

Sidney, should be a spokesman unto this people; yea, "I am not like other men. My mind is continually

verily, I will ordain you unto this calling, even to be occupied with the business of the day and I have to a spokesman unto my servant Joseph.""1 depend entirely upon the living God for everything I

The Prophet, the Lord went on, was to receive new say on such occasions as these."9

revelation and to be "mighty in testimony."For the However, neither the Prophet nor other preachers

more formal sermons in which Biblical evidence would in the Church took their speaking duties lightly. He

be used to elaborate upon new revelation, Sidney felt that preaching must, whenever possible, be preRigdon was to play the role of orator. ceded by earnest study, to fill the mind with knowlWhile the Prophet's early sermons to groups of edge, and by fervent prayer, to inspire the speaker

strangers were generally limited to a fervent bearing to voice God's will. He also felt that personal worthiof his testimony, we have evidence that this was suffiness is very important, for the Holy Ghost cannot

cient to turn the honest in heart toward the new faith. dwell in unclean tabernacles. Finally, President

Even on the missionary venture when Rigdon's Smith taught that the preacher must be humble and "spokesman"appointment was revealed, it was the must give credit to God for any success. Shortly after

Prophet's humble but powerful testimony that most the Saints arrived at Nauvoo, he instructed the Twelve impressed the people; often while the Prophet spoke, Apostles on the importance of modesty in preaching:

"The Lord gave His Spirit in a remarkable manner.""When the Twelve or any other witnesses stand

278 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA before the congregations of the earth, and they preach them by the gift and power of God. He commenced

in the power and demonstration of the Spirit of God, by saying 'If nobody else had the courage to testify and the people are astonished and confounded at the of so glorious a record, he felt to do it in justice to doctrine. and say, 'That man has preached a powerful the people and leave the event to God.'

discourse, a great sermon,'then let that man or those "The entire congregation were astounded: electrimen take care they do not ascribe the glory unto fied as it were, and overwhelmed with the sense of

themselves, but be careful that they are humble and truth and power by which he spoke, and the wonders ascribe the praise and glory to God and the Lamb: which he related. A lasting impression was made:

for it is by the power of the Holy Priesthood and the many souls were gathered into the fold. And I bear

Holy Ghost that they have the power thus to speak. witness, that he, by his faithful and powerful testiWhat are thou, O, Man, but dust? And from whom mony cleared his garments of their blood."12

receivest thou thy power and blessings, but from On his return to Nauvoo, the Prophet threw himself

God?"10 into the task of building up the city to care for the

The Prophet also urged the Saints to preach the rapidly expanding population. On a number of occasimple truths of the gospel and to avoid long discussions, he was visited by prominent men who comsion of the mysteries of the Church. Of a meeting at mented on his preaching powers. The Reverend

his home in September 1839, he noted in his journal, Samuel A. Prior, a Methodist minister from England,

"I spoke and explained concerning the uselessness of stopped at Nauvoo for a few days in 1843. Wild

preaching to the world about great judgments, but rumors were rampant about the Prophet's looks and rather to preach the simple gospel."11 mode of speaking. Because of these false reports, Mr.

After the Prophet's imprisonment in Missouri and Prior hesitated to go hear President Smith speak.

the subsequent settlement of the Saints in Nauvoo, Finally, however, he did so; while waiting in the

President Smith became, in every sense of the word, audience, he speculated on how the Mormon leader the "spokesman for the Lord."would look. He reports:

His powers of speaking had grown over the pre- "He appeared at last, but how was I disappointed ceding years, and his dependence on Sidney Rigdon when, instead of the head and horns of a beast and decreased proportionately. Indeed, the expulsion of a false prophet, I beheld only the appearance of a

the Saints from Missouri might have been hastened common man of tolerably large proportions. I was

by President Rigdon's intemperate remarks at a sadly disappointed and thought that, although his

Fourth of July oration in 1838. The Prophet's waning appearance could not be wrested to indicate anything

confidence in Sidney Rigdon's ability to effectively against him, yet he would manifest all I had heard preach the gospel was probably warranted; never of him when he began to preach. I sat uneasily and

again was the latter to play a major role in the Church. watched him closely.

The transition was completed in 1839 when Joseph "I sat in breathless silence, waiting to hear that foul

Smith, Sidney Rigdon, and others took a trip to aspersion of other sects, that diabolical disposition of

Washington, D.C., to present their petitions for revenge, and to hear that rancorous denunciation of

redress for the crimes of the Missourians against them. every individual but a Mormon. I waited in vain.

During a lull in negotiations, they undertook a mis- I listened with surprise. I sat uneasy in my seat and

sionary venture to Philadelphia, where they were could hardly persuade myself but that he had been invited to speak to about 3,000 people at one of the appraised of my presence, and so ordered his dislargest churches in the city. As was customary, Presicourse on my account that I might not be able to

dent Rigdon addressed the congregation first. Anxious find fault with it: for instead of a jumbled jargon of

to avoid the controversial, he attempted to prove from halfconnected sentences and a volley of imprecations,

Bible references that the gospel was true, completely and diabolical and malignant denunciations heaped on ignoring the visions and other spiritual events that the heads of all who differed from him, and the were so important in the restoration of the Church. dreadful twisting and wresting of the scriptures to

The Prophet was disappointed at Rigdon's defense of suit his own peculiar views, and attempts to weave

Mormonism. Parley P. Pratt records what happened: a web of dark and (Continued on page 308)

"When he [Sidney Rigdon] was through, brother

Joseph arose like a lion about to roar, and being full of the Holy Ghost, spoke in great power, bearing Calvin N. Smith is Assistant Professor of Speech,

testimony of the visions he had seen, the ministering Eastern Illinois University. This article is a summary

of angels which he had enjoyed, and how he had of his Purdue University doctoral dissertation on the found the plates of the Book of Mormon and translated public speaking of Joseph Smith.

APRIL 1966 279 A formula for sharing the gospel with others—noting what is and what is

toHaw (Jommunicxite

As part of the covenant of bapthey do not know of themselves of its import and tism, every member of the Church verity. The gospel must be presented "in power, and

promises to stand as a witness of in the Holy Ghost..."(1 Thess. 1:5), "... for when a

Christ; to proclaim the message of man speaketh by the power of the Holy Ghost the

the restoration; to serve daily, conpower of the Holy Ghost carrieth it unto the hearts

stantly, valiantly, everywhere and of the children of men."(2 Nephi 33:1.)

all the time, in sharing the gospel One of the first things Joseph Smith learned, when with our Father's other children. he sought to know which of all the churches was

Every convert to Christ, every accountable person right and which he should join, was that teaching who gains the blessings of baptism, as he thus seeks alone is not enough. "... the teachers of religion of

humbly to enter God's earthly kingdom and find felthe different sects,"he said, "understood the same lowship with the Saints, makes this solemn declaration: passages of scripture so differently as to destroy all

"I covenant to stand as a witness of Christ at all confidence in settling the question by an appeal to the times and in all things, and in all places that I may Bible."(Joseph Smith 2:12.)

be in, even until death."(See Mosiah 18:9.) If a missionary teaches the gospel out of the scripIn harmony with this covenant, President David O. tures and stops there, he places himself in the same

McKay's famous counsel is: "Every Member a position as were the contending proMissionary."fessors of religion in Joseph Smith's

To enable his Saints to keep this covenant, the day. Contention, argument, and disLord has revealed how they are to present his mesagreement will be forthcoming. But

sage to the world. They are, of course, to teach the if a missionary announces a gospel

gospel in plainness and simplicity. But thisv is not all. truth and then bears testimony that it

In addition they must testify of the truth of their is true, there is little room left for teachings. "... I sent you out to testify and warn the debate. His hearers cannot argue

people,"the Lord says, "and it becometh every man with his testimony. They can say only

who hath been warned to warn his neighbor."that it is true or false; there is nothing

(D&C 88:81.) else to contend about.

The gospel is to be taught by testimony; the Saints Accordingly, we find the Lord givare to teach and testify. Teaching alone does not ing this instruction to missionaries:

suffice; to it must be joined that personal assurance "... thou shalt declare glad tidings,

which is testimony. "... our gospel came not unto you yea, publish it upon the mountains,

in word only,"Paul declares, "but also in power, and and upon every high place, and in the Holy Ghost, and in much assurance...."among every people that thou shalt be

(1 Thess. 1:5.) That is, the word alone, the teaching permitted to see.

standing by itself, is not enough. In addition there "And thou shalt do it with all

must be the personal assurance, the testimony born of humility, trusting in me, reviling not the Spirit, the personal witness that the message is true. against revilers.

Until men feel the power of the gospel in their "And of tenets thou shalt not talk, lives, there is no real conversion. Until the Holy but thou shalt declare repentance and

Ghost bears record to them of the divinity of the work, faith on the Savior, and remission of

not to be done—is masterfully set forth by President McConkie.

Gospe BY PRESIDENT BRUCE R. McCONKIE

OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY

sins by baptism, and by fire, yea, even the Holy

Ghost."(D&C 19:2931.)

Two procedures are here commanded—one directs

what is to be done, and the other prescribes what should not be done: 1. Declare your message; tell the

world of Joseph Smith and the restoration; testify of

those things which have been revealed in this day.

2. Refrain from talking of tenets, that is, from merely

discussing beliefs and doctrines.

In other words, we are to announce our message and testify that it is true; we are not to contend with

others about points of doctrine. There is no converting

power in contention. A debate does not bring people.V

into the kingdom, but a simple declaration, accompanied by "much assurance,"by a testimony born of i the Spirit, will touch the (Continued on page 316)

*X 1 1

Uoes Your<ctmtly

*P

What causes communication Communication can be defined as the art breakdowns in an otherwise loving of sharing oneself, one's experiences, and one's family? Why do family members feelings with others. It is a basic skill for

sometimes involve themselves in developing personal relationships.

disappointing and bitter exchanges To be effective, a communication system,f of negative feelings? must handle a variety of feeling responses

These questions are often asked from family members. Each should feel free

as parents try to figure out what is happening in their to express love and other pleasant emotions;

family. Everyone knows how annoying and even each should also learn how to discuss the

potentially dangerous it is when the communications anger, bitterness, and frustrations that may system of a community is disrupted. It is also updevelop in dayto-day living. Negative feelsetting, uncomfortable, and unpleasant for families ings that are not faced honestly usually short

when their channels of communication are disrupted circuit the expression of love and result in or inadequate. The feelings that build up and cause confused messages.

family communication breakdowns stem from many situations, like these: when mother has to nag father

to get him to respond to a simple request; when

parents resort to threats and punishment to motivate their children to better behavior; when father brings

his problems home from work and takes out his frustrations on his wife or children.

What is the nature of family communication, and how can we improve our channels of communication within the family unit?

Only when we feel accepted do we... relax our guard. This is

one reason teenagers

won't confide in parents.'

BY DUANE M. LAWS

If the negative feelings are recognized and brought gap, older family members, especially parents, must to the surface as they develop, families can often avoid respect each child as a unique person who is worthy confused messages. They can also avoid the verbal of, and receives, trust and confidence.

explosions that may occur when feelings are allowed It is possible for us to learn to accept others whose to build up. behavior may be imperfect if we realize that our

How can we create at home an atmosphere for acceptance does not indicate that we approve of or effective communication of both negative and positive condone misbehavior. Acceptance requires that we

feelings? First, and foremost, a family must establish value a family member or a marriage partner as he

and maintain feelings of trust and acceptance. Each is, not as we would like him to be nor as he should

member must feel secure enough to bring out and become. Most family members are aware of their

discuss how he feels and why. weaknesses, and we do not help them to grow when

As a marriage counselor, I have observed many our focus is on their weaknesses rather than their couples who have been married a number of years strengths.

but who still have problems in maintaining a secure As our efforts to improve the atmosphere in the atmosphere for effective communication. These home progress, we need to overcome the tendency

couples often take out their anger on each other to "talk in parentheses."This tendency is especially

instead of talking about their feelings with each other. apparent when a family member is frustrated, tired,

For these couples, the pain and frustration that come or upset and is trying to conceal the resulting negative about because they cannot make each other underfeelings. These feelings appear, however, in many

stand "how I feel"hinder their development of a covert (indirect) ways in his behavior and verbal method to handle conflict. Release of their feelings expressions.

thus becomes destructive in the family. For example, a mother may say, "Why can't you be

Other couples maintain a nice, pleasant exterior, on time?"Or a father asks a child, "What did you do

with condescending remarks that cover up hostile that for?"These expressions are not just simple quesfeelings. But in reality these remarks stimulate a tions that require answers. They are examples of

negative feeling that disrupts clear and effective negative feelings being expressed covertly without communication. When negative feelings are present, labeling or recognizing the existing feelings.

some family members may try to resolve their comWhat is the covert message in the parentheses? It

munication problems by not talking. This usually might be a feeling of frustration, disgust, or anger.

intensifies the difficulty, however, because feelings "Why can't you be on time?"(You ingrate! ) "What

continue to affect our behavior even if we attempt to did you do that for?"(Stupid!) In both cases the

hide our emotions. person receiving the message feels accused. He feels

We are all sensitive and cautious about revealing as if he has done something wrong and is being our inner selves. We fear that others will not like us judged. He will probably respond to the covert mesor may ridicule us if we show our real feelings. We sage in the parentheses rather than to the statement.

have learned to withdraw when we have received This response is usually (Continued on page 318) such nonaccepting responses in the past. It is only

when we feel accepted by others that we relax our Duane M. Laws, bishop of the BYU 43rd Ward, is

guard and expose ourselves. This is one reason why chairman of the Department of Human Development

teenagers won't confide in parents, and why marriage and Family Relationships, and has taught at New York partners don't confide in each other. To bridge this and Columbia Universities.

APRIL 1966 283 Considering the implications of all we proclaim, isn H it our moral obligation to speak in a stimulating manner?

(Jommuniccition ram

Alice in Wonderland, the delightful children's story by Lewis

Carroll, has a description of a celebrated tea party. Prominent

among those present was the Dormouse, who fell asleep six times. For those who were talking,

he was a tough and unresponsive audience, as portrayed in the record:

"The Dormouse... seemed to be talking in his

sleep.... 'Wake up, Dormouse!'... They pinched it

on both sides at once...,

"The Dormouse,.. going off into a doze... fell

asleep instantly."

What a dismal party for the Dormouse—and for the

speakers! But doesn't he remind you of another time

and place? Isn't he a familiar sight to those who

speak in church? And doesn't he occupy benches in

many of our chapels every Sunday? But coming to

church and hearing a sermon ought to be a memorable experience for everyone In order to make sacrament meeting an unforgettable occasion, perhaps those who speak from our pulpits should paste over their study desks a picture of the miserable Dormouse going to sleep. Sleep—most

often not snoring sleep... not even

nodding sleep... but

just staring sleep—is

an enemy of preaching. In most instances,

the hearer feigns courteous attention but, in fact, his soul is enveloped in laudanum.

284 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA BY ROYAL L. GARFF, PH.D.Pulptt

There is a book on preaching entitled Eutychus or tain sound, who shall prepare himself to the battle?"

the Future of Preaching. Eutychus, you may recall, (1 Cor. 14:8.)

fell asleep under the preaching of the Apostle Paul. After Christ's resurrection, in his third appearance

Here is a gnawing, pertinent question for speakers in to his disciples, he "taketh bread, and giveth them, church to ponder: 7s the future of preaching to be and fish likewise,"and then thrice dramatically prodeep? Judging from what happens every Sunday, claimed to Peter, as the proof of love for him, this

there are many who seem to concur in this proposition. single evidence: "... Feed my lambs.... Feed my

Awake or asleep, those who come to sacrament meetsheep!"But "feed"and nourishment for the flock and

ing do show a semblance of striving to do their duty. the slaking of spiritual thirst—the speaking and the

But consider the number who openly admit that they hearing—all commingle in the diligent preparation and

should be in church, but who rationalize their failure training of the preacher. What qualities in the speaker

by arguing that the "sabbath was made for man"and will enable the trumpet to give a distinct and certain that on this blessed day, at least, they must seek sound that will help to motivate hearers to meet life something stimulating and uplifting. In this perspecat their spiritual best?

tive, the alarming dimensions of the problem may be First, without exception, speakers should remedy sensed. Yet the gospel is loaded with lifeand-death faulty education by wise reading, study, and associatinterest, and it is the privilege of the speaker to poring with ward members in the most dynamic of all

tray its precious truths in a stimulating manner. Conpursuits: "The glory of God is intelligence, or, in other

sidering the implications of all that we proclaim, isn't words, light and truth."In achieving thisobjective,

it our moral obligation to do just this? And isn't it perhaps the vision of Maude Parker should be held

entirely probable that the very survival of the human before us:

race in this age may emerge from the "Word"which Stretch your mind, in the beginning was "with God"and "was God"? Even as you stretch your arms

There is little purpose in speakUpward to the sky ing if people aren't there to hear Lest numbness should set in.

or are present and not paying So stretch your mind, attention. The object of preaching Give it daily task beyond its present strength;

is certainly not to tickle men's ears And store it each day with treasure;

or merely please them. It is to Poetry to say under your breath,

bring mankind to seek, to find, and Knowledge acquired.

to encounter God! The style with Our neighborhood is still in the snake belt. One

which this message is packaged might have considerable to do with Dr. Royal L. Garff is professor of speech at the

its appeal and its power. The Bible University of Utah and a former chairman of the

rings with bugle calls to attention: speech committee, Young Men's Mutual Improvement

"He that hath ears to hear, let him Association general board. He is author of a book

hear,"and the sharp admonition of on public speaking, You Can Learn to Speak, which

Jesus, "Listen!"But as Paul warns, is widely used by members of the Church, students,

"For if the trumpet give an uncerand businessmen.

APRIL I9G6 285 requirement on the treasurehunt list of some children welleducated folks go to sleep when they hear 'essay'near our home was to bring back a snake. Even here speeches. In fact, the scientific papers which are read

a snake is a difficult item to come by, especially if at doctor's conventions are often the dullest things you are out looking for one. But one team brought imaginable. Many doctors stay away... or actually

one back—a dead one, but it was a snake. Envious, sleep during the meetings. So if a crowd of doctors

the others asked, "How in the world did you find a can't even take an 'essay'type of talk from one of their snake?"The winner replied: "I saw it yesterday."own members, how do you expect a lay audience to

Yesterday is the key to today's sermon. We must have remain awake meanwhile? Successful speakers don't

a yesterday in which we have lived with the scriptures read their speeches or sermons! At least, unless they

and stretched our minds in garnering treasures from are forced to do so for TV or radio presentation."

unnumbered sources and experiences. Every imagina- ( From Dr. Crane's booklet, Public Platform Strategy. )

tive, stimulating speaker has a filing system of some A university professor did a parody on one of kind, for creativity always grows out of what we Shakespeare's famous passages to stress the idea that know. To neglect this chore or challenge, depending only in spontaneity and contrast is there interest and

on your point of view, is sheer callous neglect and emphasis for the listener:

carelessness. Ideas unrecorded are like water stored

in a sieve. 1 When listeners'attention wavers, speakers falter:

Speech books and experts, without exception, emDigressions [illustrations] can bring listeners release phasize a point that was recently highlighted for From long engagements with the Point at Hand:

speakers in the Nation's Business: "Your chief tools Does this in speeches seem superfluous?

will be examples, comparisons, stories, and anecdotal.... A proverb tells what the familiar breeds;

material, statistics and other factual references, and But does not tell that as a speech is heard, testimony of authority. The more real and vivid your Its outlook grows familiar and requires

material, the more it will hold attention as well as Asides and deviations from the normachieve proof of your points."2 Departures from the Menu of the Day

In harmony with all that I have studied and advoThat may revive the appetite of hearers, cated is the point of view of Dr. George W. Crane, Bringing them back to try another course.

distinguished newspaper columnist, educator, author, judgment! thou art fled to schedules,

and lecturer: "Jesus used the most interesting type of And men take pride in practicality

speech formula that can be found anywhere. It is And all things that insure it. Bear with me;

what I have termed the 'narrative'or 'episodic'for- 1 lost my heart to early eloquence mula, for it contained a few major ethical principles And must forgive digressions when they please. 3

documented or illustrated with actual cases. Most of

the topnotch speakers whom I have heard in my life- A further recommendation: All ideas expressed in

time have spontaneously hit upon this same formula. your talks must, if possible, be anchored in your own

Apparently, it is stumbled upon, as a ruleof-thumb personal experiences and be strongly flavored by discovery, by public speakers, for they soon find that them. Now, if you have read and catalogued and

audiences sit up and show animated interest as soon clipped and filed and listened and recorded, don't as the speaker uses narrative (story telling). But overlook another basic discipline and ideal: Be a good

exposition is too textbookish to hold the interest of a man or be discredited and undone! Two thousand

crowd for more than a few minutes. Some speakers years ago the Elder Cato prescribed a formula for the

still try to develop 'essay'sermons. They struggle all effective speaker that has been reiterated until it has

week to write them. Each sentence is a serious affair. resounded through the ages: You must be a "good

And when linked together in paragraphs, the material man trained in the arts of speech!"The penalty for

'is much like the copy in a geometry textbook. It may being a questionable character, lacking in honor,

be very logical, but it simply will not hold the attention example, sincerity, and integrity, has for all time been of the crowd."(Idaho Falls Post Register, "Public depicted by Ralph Waldo Emerson in these words:

Platform Strategy.") "What you are stands over you the while, and thunders

Dr. Crane, who is a Ph.D. as well as an M.D., makes so that I cannot hear what you say...."In other

a further observation that should arouse all speechwords, the man himself outweighs his words! To be

makers to a searching examination of their methods: sure, there are too many "bad men"seducing and

"Even conventions of physicians and dentists and other persuading, but what of the "good men"? Herd them

286 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA together and observe how many of them are robbed always find a good illustration for each point that I of the influence they deserve and that the church and wish to make.'"'

society need—and all because of their clumsy speech. Walter Lippman, the wellknown columnist, dis-

(For materials to use and for sample methods of covered that "people think with pictures in their arranging and organizing, see You Can Learn to heads."The basic principle expressed in this statement

Speak, chapters 7 to 12.) is that truth should be portrayed in such an imaginaTo make vivid the process of speech preparation, tive form that listeners respond through several of

let us examine how one of America's most successful their senses. This is what is meant by concreteness,

pulpit orators gets his sermon ready. Dr. Norman a term glibly used, but seldom explained, in the speech

Vincent Peale wrote his first sermon word by word field.

and asked his preacher father for suggestions. "My A second quality in a preacher that will enable "the

advice would be to take the sermon out back and trumpet to have a certain sound"of conviction is burn it,"said his father. And then seeing the shock aliveness and animation. Everybody loves an animated

on Norman's face, he continued, "In my opinion, serspeaker. Action and gesture are a universal language

mons should be given without notes and without a understood by all. Movement is a law of life: a

written text. How can you look your audience in the shrugged shoulder, the dropped chin, the raised

eye, gauge their reactions and feelings, and watch a eyebrow, spontaneous, impulsive movements of hands, manuscript at the same time? Furthermore, there is arms, and head—all are powerful in communicating

no subject on earth that can't be put simply if you meaning and feeling, in enforcing the speaker's ideas, will think clearly and logically about it and use plain and in releasing tension and converting nervous instead of fancy language."Dr. Peale studied in energy into constructive use.

seminary and spent years listening to speakers and Another dimension is vital to the speaker's success:

discovering how they prepared and delivered successaudibility. This concerns clearness and projection of

ful speeches. He found that the outstanding speakers tone, accuracy and distinctness in pronunciation, and

had certain qualities in common: They were arresting, suitable changes in pitch, loudness, and rate of speed.

logical, lively, and direct. The visible and audible were stressed by Dr. Lionel

"Arresting: They caught the audience's attention at Crocker, veteran leader in the speech field, in a talk

the start with some striking statement or anecdote before the Toastmistress Club of Newark, Ohio. He

and then held it. urged them to "let yourself go before your audience.

"Logical: They presented their ideas in a sequence Speak with abandon. Feel what you are saying. As

that led the listener eventually to the central point. you tell a story or relate an incident you may be deeply

"Lively: They had humor, enthusiasm, dedication, moved by it, a tear may well up in your eye; do not

sincerity, and the quality of the different. be ashamed of this show of emotion. Feeling is a

"Direct: They were always clear, unpretentious, and source of power. Let your emotions grip you and they

brief."will grip your audience. Be warm and sympathetic in

From study, observation, and experiment, Dr. your tones. In them, express sincerity, humor, earnestPeale formulated the following method: ness and inspiration. Exercise power with your eyes,

"I. Determination of what he wants to say to his your gestures, and your posture."("How to Speak

audience. In his own words, Tf the speaker does not Effectively,"Vital Speeches of the Day, 1954. See also

know what he wants to say, the audience will never You Can Learn to Speak, chapters 16, 17, 18.)

know what he said.'Finally, if "the trumpet"is not to sound hollow,

"2. Condensation of the speech into one idea. [He tinny, indecisive, uncertain, offkey, and muted, one

then limits the development of his idea to not more more quality must be developed in the speaker. He

than three supporting points.] must stoutly repudiate and reject one of the most

"3. Examination of newspapers and magazines to common practices in church speaking. He must forfind clippings, apt quotes, and memoranda to himself sake the "I hope you will bear with me"camp of

containing stories or anecdotes that might serve as speakers. Opening apologies constitute a negative

illustrations of the main point. approach. "I hope you will bear with me, for I have

"4. The preparation of a brief outline and then a terrible cold,"or for any of a thousand other zany,

T picture the outline—I do not commit it, I picturize it. irrelevant, and distracting reasons that are too often

I never write a speech, but I do develop the idea pure fabrications, should be despised. To say the

with crystal clarity and deliver it without notes. I least, it is very (Continued on page 312)

APRIL 1966 287 I r\ IV /I IS HOLDING yur home to consider several lessons at once. If necessary,

1 1VI evening regularly every choose those lessons most applicable to your family needs. You may occasionally wish to use a lesson

To skip a week is to of your own to meet a specific family need.

that you will give the appropriate PPI N ESS miss a blessing. This Read ahead so

cannot be corrected by combining lessons. More is lessons for special days (such as Easter, Christmas,

achieved by discussing one basic truth than by trying fast day).

Watch these pages each month for inspirational messages to help in your Family Home Evenings

is teaching your famfathers, feel that the methods used for teaching little ily, not just covering children are silly. The result is that they talk over the

material. heads of their little ones without realizing it.

It is only when each family member can reFor a small child choose late the lesson to himself that it helps him. This

Try to personalize the lessons. When appropriate, "Doing more for others makes

use names of family members: "Ruth, this story is us love each other more."

about a girl who is your age."

Tell personal or family experiences to illustrate the Not This points of the lesson. "Not doing more than duty requires

Be aware of age differences of your children. In produces a psychological effect

large families the young children are sometimes taught upon both the giver and the refirst. An older child could be assigned to help teach cipient."

the younger ones. If preschoolers become restless,

they may be allowed to play quietly while the lesson Refer to helps in the manual for young children.

proceeds for older members. Use charts, illustrations, and other aids only when

Don't expect the young child to understand complithey help the family to understand better the point cated doctrinal discussions. Some parents, particularly under discussion. Keep such aids simple.

288 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA APRIL 1966 289

Times That Try BY ROBERT L. McGRATH

# Bill had been gone for an hour when Laura saw the other half has to be planted this year. It's been

the new storm coming, this time from the north. It planted once, and the seed is all blown away. Now

would be the third in less than a week—a rolling we've got to replant. We can't make anything on

scourge of blasting dust, pinioned on winds that ripped just a half a crop."

the very earth apart and sifted it at random over the "We can't make anything fighting this eternal wind, countryside, into the homes, and—it seemed—into the either,"she argued.

hearts as well. "Oh—nuts!"And he'd stamped out of the house.

But it no longer mattered to Laura: Her mind was The first time! He had never gone before without a

made up. She would tell Bill when he returned from kiss. Now he'd left her to face a dust storm, alone.

town—she was through fighting these dust storms. And she was determined it would be the last.

She was going to put it to him straight—they had to A sudden burst of wind shook the house, and there

get out. was a ripping crash. Cautiously, she went to the door

When the storm came—a rioting fury of wind that opening on the kitchen. A gust shook her, and she

darkened the day with venomous dust—she sat down saw that the glass in the upper portion of the outside

in the living room, the scorched twilight surrounding door had shattered. Beyond, in the dimness, she saw

her like a shroud. Afraid to think of tomorrow, she a crumpled mass of lumber that had been the roof to

turned back to yesterday, to the time less than a year the back porch. Sickened, she stepped back into the

ago when she had packed her high school teaching living room, leaning against the door for fear that the books for the last time and taken the pledge to love, wind might smash the latch. The wind, it seemed,

honor, and cherish one Bill Simms, farmer. had sensed her decision and was taking its last revenge.

Wonderful at first, their life together had become A phrase she'd sometimes quoted to her history increasingly clouded by the drought of the plains pupils came to her: These are the times that try men's

where Bill's farm lay. She had accepted it in good souls. And women's, too. But these times would soon

grace at the outset, thinking this was something that be gone. Somewhere, away from the wind and dust,

would pass. But as it grew worse, the drought became there'd be a new start. She and Bill had to give up

a personal thing, a dread of each new day and what this senseless fight. A new life, somewhere else,

it might hold. This morning the rankling sore between would dissolve the rift between them.

them had burst, draining its poisons into their souls. She tried the telephone and was not surprised to

"I've got to get more seed, honey,"Bill said. "We've find it out of order. The wind played no favorites.

lost every bit of it."She waited in the gloom, going at last into the kitchen

"Why plant any more?"she flared. "It'll just blow to tack an old denim jacket of Bill's over the gaping

away."hole in the kitchen door, caring only that she might in

Bill looked hurt, puzzled. "We have to plant more,"some way stem the flow of dust into the room.

he said simply. "We have to have a crop. OtherAt 4:30, Bill drove in. She could barely see the

wise...."He shrugged. lights on the car, for the dust was still rampant. She

"Seed costs money,"Laura replied. "Where does did not get up to greet him. She just sat, hating what

that leave us?"had come between them, dreading the task of telling

Again he shrugged. "I'll have to see the bank."him she would no longer tolerate the chaos of the

"Aren't we in deep enough alceaseless wind.

ready, without getting worse?"She heard the kitchen door shut, and a moment

"Oh, honey—you don't underlater, the door into the living room swung open.

stand!"Bill said. "Look—half of "Laura?"

this farm is already in cover crop. Only then did she realize she hadn't turned on

We aren't worried about that. But a light. (Continued on page 330)

How far should teachers go in making learning a fun experience?

There appears to be a popular trend among speakers and teachers throughout the Church to emphatically express themselves thus: "It

is not my job to entertain, but to teach the gospel."Many others

condone this point of view, even if they do not publicly state it.

Three weeks ago I visited a Gospel Doctrine Sunday School class where the teacher seemingly justified his lack of preparation by saying, "Be ass.ured, class,

that I'm not going to entertain you."That same day

the main speaker at sacrament meeting announced:

"It's not our place when speaking on gospel subjects to entertain the audience; we are obligated, rather, to

teach truth."

A few days later I was discussing pedagogy with a gospel teacher, Brother Friendly, who rather proudly announced, "You can rest assured that I have not been entertaining my students. I have been teaching

them something."

Inquisitively I asked, "What is your definition of the word 'entertain'?"

Brother Friendly hesitated, and I reached for a dictionary. Here are excerpts from the definition

we read: "To receive or admit with a view to consider and decide; to take into consideration."

"To keep, hold, or maintain in the mind with favor;

to harbor; cherish."

"To engage the attention of, with anything that causes the time to pass pleasantly."

The questions that then arose in my mind and that directed the ensuing discussion were:

Do not we, as teachers of the gospel and as speakers in the Church, have the responsibility to "engage the attention of"our students and listeners? As instructors

and orators, are we not to see that time passes "pleasantly"? Are we not to stimulate our learners to

"consider and decide"solutions to life's problems? Do

we not have an obligation to bring our learners to

292 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA teaching CONDUCTED BY THE CHURCH SCHOOL. SYSTEMFor Your

EntertainmentBY CHARLES R. HOBBS

"keep, hold,... to harbor,"or "cherish"the gospel receiving a negative conditioning toward the gospel.

principles in their minds? They are being told, in essence, that our Lord s gospel

To engage the attention of a student is to motivate is stuffy and impractical when, in reality, it is exciting him. Motivation is a basic principle of instruction that and was meant to be very applicable to their needs.

is absolutely essential for learning to take place. As we discussed the above principles, Brother

While it is the learner's responsibility to reach out Friendly began to sparkle as though the "idea light"eagerly to grasp the concept being taught, it is neverwere flashing above his head.

theless the teacher's or speaker's duty to excite the "Are you saying that I should make my learner's mind of his learners to thinking. You as a teacher experience be a fun experience?"he queried.

or speaker must assume responsibility to motivate- "Precisely,"I replied. "Even the Greeks, twentyto hold attention—to entertain your learners. four hundred years ago, were aware of this principle.

The learners, of course, are responsible for attendPlato said, '... let early education be a sort of

ing the presentation with determination to discipline amusement.'

their attentiveness of thought, regardless of how poorly In the classroom of any age group, it is possible to the lecturer entertains. All too often the youth of the play instructional games, employ humor, relate inspiraChurch attend their meetings and classes with the tional personal experiences, have stimulating disattitude: "Sister Teacher or Brother Speaker, it is cussions, or roleplay scriptural histories—all geared,

your job, not mine, to see that I am interested during of course, to the concept level of the learners.

your presentation. If you fail to motivate me, I will When preaching a sermon, one is limited in using

raise havoc in your class or I will not attend another studentinvolved procedures that are as functional as meeting."Two ingredients are necessary for learning those utilized in the classroom. But many similar

to Lake place: (1) an outstanding teacher who can methods of entertainment can be used by the speaker

hold the interest of his students and ( 2 ) eager, attenas well as by the classroom teacher. Voice modulative students who make the best of every learntion, storytelling, use of descriptive words, dramatized

ing situation. case studies, object lessons, and teaching by comMany adults have unconsciously developed the parisons are some of the methods used to entertain

technique, frequently while sitting at the feet of a the minds of learners.

boring speaker or teacher, of having an intelligent Brother Friendly and I agreed that the way to bring look on their faces, as though they were thinking these methods into productive use is through intensive seriously on the subject being presented to the group. methodological preparation. We discussed the activiAt the end of the uneventful discourse, the socalled ties of a friend who took thirtyfive hours to prepare

learner, who knows little more now than before the one lecture. A large portion of his preparation time

lesson, congratulates the lecturer on his fine presentawas spent in developing techniques for entertaining tion. With this reinforcement, the preacher pats his audience. He was determined to "engage their

himself on the back and again reaches out for further attention"and get them to think. He knew that one

justification of being a bore by saying, "I am a teacher; of the best ways to accomplish his goal would be to

it is not my job to entertain."relate appropriate stories so vividly that intense visual

Small wonder that so many teenagers, children, and images would be formed ( Continued on page 332 even adults shy away from our vital church meetings Charles R. Hobbs, a dynamic and "entertaining"

and essential gospel classes. When a speaker or teacher, is Salt Lake Valley seminary coordinator and

teacher fails to entertain his group of learners, they are author of Teaching with New Techniques.

APRIL 1966 293 Priesthood Genealogy Program for 1966

SECOND IN A THREEPART SERIES

1 oi he Book Remembrance

A book of remembrance in every home—another supplements to the scriptures, aiding in teaching the

powerful goal of the priesthood's 1966 program gospel of Jesus Christ to the posterity of faithful memfor genealogy. bers of the Church. A knowledge of the written

The family books of remembrance in Latterday testimonies and spiritual experiences of family

Saint homes today should rate in importance second members and of the proved genealogies of the fathers only to the standard works. These family records are serves to bind the hearts of the children to their

294 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA fathers and helps them to understand the doctrines In the past, many members of the Church have that pertain to the exaltation of the family. neglectfully allowed the family book of remembrance

Adam kept a book of remembrance, which contained to become a catchall and have failed to give the a genealogy of the children of God. The pattern for book its due respect as a sacred record. In addition,

preparing the book was given to Adam by the Lord many Saints have procrastinated the writing of a himself. Continuing on down from generation to spiritual history of the family.

generation, the Lord has admonished his faithful The priesthood genealogy and temple work commitservants to make records and to preserve them, in tee is urging all families in the Church to meet the order to increase the knowledge and strengthen the goal of having a book of remembrance in every home faith of future generations. by December 31, 1966.

Every faithful family should be diligently compiling By then families who have faithfully supported a book of remembrance. In it should be found the the priesthood programs in 1965 and 1966 will have

story of the family, especially the story of its spiritual extended their pedigrees back at least four generalife, written by inspiration. It should also contain a tions and will have copies of at least fifteen family

genealogy of the family so that the children may have group records of families on their direct pedigrees.

an opportunity to acquire knowledge of their fathers. These records, together with complete personal

The book of remembrance should thus contain a records for each living family member, will provide spiritual history and a genealogy of the family. Items a good start for preparing the family book of rememof a scrapbook nature should be kept separate and brance.

apart so as not to detract from the book's importance Each family unit should prepare its own book with and significance. the participation of all family members. Individual

What genealogical records should the book of regrowth comes through activity. Persons should not

membrance contain? prepare books for others. In this regard, church

1. Pedigree charts, which indicate how far a person members should give heed to the voice of Paul when

has progressed in tracing back his ancestry. Those he said, ",.. every man shall receive his own reward

who appear on pedigree charts are direct ancestors. according to his own labour."(1 Cor. 3:8.)

The areas in need of additional research can be deterDuring 1966 church members are being urged by mined at a glance. The book of remembrance should priesthood leaders to realize the importance of a book

contain pedigree charts showing the ancestry of the of remembrance in every home. Many families that

family as far back as it can be traced. have no book of remembrance justify this lack by

2. Familygroup records, which include identificaclaiming access to their parents'book or to the comtion of complete families and of all the ancestors plete record compiled by an aunt or some other relaappearing on the pedigree charts. Each of these tive. The genealogy of the family may well be gathered

familygroup records should contain complete and by others, but if a copy of the direct genealogy of accurate information, including records of all temple the family is not in the home, there will be little ordinance work performed. It is not necessary that interest evidenced by that family in its progenitors.

the family book of remembrance contain records perRelatives are not responsible for recording the testitaining to collateral lines, such as the families of monies and spiritual experiences of families other uncles, aunts, and cousins. However, such records than their own, and it is not common practice for

may be included if the family desires. them to do so. Generally, if a family fails to record

3. Personal records, which should be prepared for its spiritual history, it is never written.

each living family member, containing such additional The book of remembrance prepared in the true information as dates of confirmation and ordination, spirit, containing a record of the spiritual experiences the names of those performing the ordinances, church and meaningful occurrences that have affected the offices held, major accomplishments, and important lives of family members, will be instrumental in bindevents. ing the hearts of the fathers to the children and the

If desired, photograph pedigrees may be included hearts of the children to the fathers. The book of

in the family book of remembrance without detracting remembrance will create interest and love in the from it. However, the book of remembrance is not a hearts of the children for their fathers by teaching

scrapbook, and such items as miscellaneous photothem not only their family background, but also of graphs, certificates, and newspaper clippings should the spiritual power that unites them to these loved be kept in some other place. Similarly, documents ones. Thus, in the language of the fathers, the chilsupporting the genealogical facts in the book of redren will be taught to love and appreciate things of

membrance should be stored in a separate file. the Lord.

APRIL 1966 295 SINCE CUMORAH NEW VOICES FROM THE DUST

BY HUGH NIBLEY. PH.D.

PROFESSOR OF HISTORY AND RELIGION

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

puzzling a document as one could Moses was a favorite writing of the

Recent discoveries cast new light well wish for,"its "meaning, Qumran people, who associate on the identity of the unknown source, date and purpose"comthemselves with this prophetic line.

prophet Zenos and are producing pletely eluding him; "for at first Also Othniel, the son of Kenaz,

information "... that no man sight there seems to be no corner of prophesied by the Spirit of the

dreamed of"concerning the authenapocryphal literature into which Lord. According to the Jeivish

ticity of the Book of Mormon. we can fit this odd fragment, so Encyclopedia (S. V. Kenaz), Kenaz

completely without context or conwas not the father but rather the

Zenos Again. In 1893 M. R. nexions does it come before us."ancestor of Othniel; but a grandJames published Greek and Latin For one thing, it is much older than son of Caleb was also a Kenaz as

versions of an ancient text entitled other Apocrypha: "Thus, the Viwas a grandson of Esau. The

"The Vision of Zenez the Father of sion of Kenaz would help to attest confusion is typical, but it is not

Gothoniel."""'Since the father of the existence of the prophetic spirit necessarily confusing: after all,

Othniel in the Bible is Kenaz and in the dark times of the Judges."family names repeat themselves in

n6t Zenez, James translates the Kenaz himself is one of a mysteriany age.

title, "The Vision of Kenaz,"though ous prophetic line: his elder brothAlready in 1893 James noted that

the name which appears in the er was Caleb, "on whom the Spirit "the language and cast of thought"texts is always Zenez, and James of the Lord had rested, and who is in Zenez "strongly resemble that confesses himself at a loss to exknown to have figured as a seer in of 4 Esdras,"and are even closer to plain how C or K "could have been the Assumption of Moses."Long "the diction and thought of Ezecorrupted into Z"—but there it is. since James wrote that, we have kiel."Today this can be taken as

The text itself he finds to be "as learned that the Assumption of definitely indicating that the Vi296 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA sion of Zenez is old and Jewish and spark shall be extinguished and ancestor of the family and that he not, as James suggests among other the fountain dried up, and thus will also suffered in the desert, and also possibilities, "merely a medieval atthings alternate."This is speaking that "Joseph truly saw our day"

tempt at imitating Old Testament of the cycles of visitation and apos- (Lehi speaking; 2 Nephi 3:5. Italics

prophecy."tasy among the children of men, added. ) and that in ages yet to

The Zenez fragment begins by a basic theme in the early Jewish come there would be yet other telling how "once when the Elders and Christian Apocrypha. "And Josephs: "For Joseph truly testified,

were seated together the Holy inafter Zenez had spoken these things saying: A seer shall the Lord my

dwelling Spirit came to Zenez and he awoke and his spirit returned God raise up....

he took leave of his senses and beto him, and he remembered not "And his name shall be called gan to prophesy...."We may what he had said and seen."Then [Joseph] after me; and it shall be

pause here to recall how God Zenez went forth and preached to after the name of his father."

visited the Book of Mormon Zenos the people saying: "If such is to be (Ibid., 3:6, 15. Italics added.)

"in the midst of thy congregations."the rest [anapausis=rest in proFinally, Lehi concludes, "And

Like Zenos, Zenez talks like a real gress] of the righteous after they now, behold, my son Joseph, after prophet: "Hear now ye inhabitants have left this life [this shows that this manner did my father of old

of the earth [or the land]. Even as much of the vision is missing], it prophesy,"for he calls the Patrithey who have dwelt therein have behooves them to die to the things arch Joseph his father. (Ibid., 3:22.

prophesied before me, having seen of this corruptible world [or age], Italics added.)

this hour, in the time before the that they may not behold its sins. DupontSommer has hailed the

corruption of the earth [land] And after he had said these things genius of R. H. Charles who forty

Like Zenos, Zenez is conscious of Zenez died and slept with his years ago saw that much in the being one of a line of prophets all fathers; and the people mourned New Testament, "especially the

of whom have testified of the same him for thirty days."He was eviSermon on the Mount,"goes back

things (cf. Helaman 8:22); he dently a famous prophet, but quite to an old Jewish apocryphal writing

speaks "that all ye inhabitants forgotten. Seventy years ago James known as the Testament of the

therein might know the prophecies could find no other writing with Twelve Patriarchs, which Molin according to that which hath been which to compare this one, but and others have shown to be in before appointed."Here is the by now the reader should be able turn perhaps the closest of all the

familiar motif of the appointed to recognize familiar overtones Apocrypha to the Dead Sea plan which has been taught to the from the Scrolls, the Nag Hammadi Scrolls. 90 The key figure in this

world by generations of prophets. writings, and the Book of Mormon. writing is Joseph, "the most arrestTurning to the specific message, At the very least we can now affirm ing and the most mysterious figure

Zenez recalls to his hearers'minds that there was a prophet called of the Testaments,"according to the state of things at the creation Zenez, a mysterious figure who Philonenko, a specialist on the subof the earth; he sees "flames of lived before 600 B.C. and had a ject. "He is the central character,

fire that did not consume and great vision of the creation and the the pivotal figure... Model of all

fountains bursting forth from their plan of life as a result of which he the virtues... object of the hatred

slumbers when there was as yet no called men to repentance. and jealousy of his brethren."97

foundations for men to live on."The Mystery of Joseph. If there "How can one explain this emWhen a foundation at last appears is one name that serves as a nodal passioned interest?"Philonenko

between the upper and lowerworlds, point to tie the greatest number of asks, and he notes that Hippolytus, a voice tells Zenez, "These are the early Apocrypha together it is the one of the earliest Christian writers, foundations prepared for men to name of Joseph. The Book of Moractually cites the Twelve Patriarchs

inhabit for seven thousand years mon is thoroughly involved in the to show that Joseph is a prefigureto come."He further sees figures Joseph tradition: "... I have led ment of Christ. DS M. de Jonge, who

like people "coming out of the light this people forth out of... Jerubelieves that the testament is acof invisible worlds,"and is told salem,"says the Lord through the tually a Christian writing, points

that "these are they who shall inProphet Jacob, "... that I might out that "Joseph was quite comhabit"the foundations in the name raise up unto me a righteous monly regarded as a type of Christ"

of Adam. "And it shall come to branch from the fruit of the loins by the earliest Christian writers. 99

pass that whenever he [the earthly of Joseph."(Jacob 2:25.) Jacob's In the light of the Scrolls, it beAdam] shall sin against Me and younger brother was named Joseph comes clear that the Testament of

the fullness of time is come, the as a reminder that Joseph was the ( Continued, on page 334

APRIL. 1966 297

Failure to listen intelligently... is our biggest block to communication.??

In response, the author outlines a ninepoint listening plan.

BY HAROLD GLEN CLARKEffective A wise man by the name of exact man."He might have added, "and listening

Epictetus noted that nature has maketh a discerning man."

given men one tongue, but two Failure to listen intelligently and with understandears, that we may hear from others ing is our biggest block to communication. Many

twice as much as we speak. Should children cannot understand and assimilate what

we listen more than we talk? Is it parents are trying to tell them, and parents often fail

true that listening is the more freto hear the expressed idea and attitude from the quently used language activity? Our communication child's point of view. Salesmen fail to sell, missionaries

day begins when we wake up and stops when lips, find deaf ears, and peace missions fail among nations ears, eyes, and brain are closed in sound sleep.

Seventy percent of this waking day is devoted to verbal learning. Fortyfive percent of this verbal

learning is through the ear. We listen to a thousand

times more words than we read, and we spend almost as much time listening as the combined time spent in reading, writing, or speaking.

The goal of listening is to do more than receive sounds: it is

to interpret what one hears. It

is to identify music that we like most and to analyze why we like it. It is to weigh and

then decide fairly how much we ought to be influenced by what we hear. Good listening

is judicious rejection as well as reception. It may mean listening to the ugly as well as the

beautiful. It is being alive to

the great and curious world in which God has placed us.

So much is heard to which one needs to attach meaning that it is no wonder the wise man in Proverbs said, "The hearing ear, and the seeing eye, the Lord hath made even both of them."(Proverbs 20:12.) Sir

Francis Bacon said of the communicative arts that "reading maketh a full man, conference a ready [man], and writing an

Listening for want of good listening. Listening that helps us Carl Rogers suggests one simple test of listening

appreciate the word sender's frame of reference and with understanding, to be applied the next time you the personal meaning it has for him is listening inget into an argument with wife, husband, businesstelligently and with understanding. man, friend, or foe. Before you speak for yourself,

A great amount of time is spent in teaching us to do you ask for and listen to a restatement of the ideas read, to write, and to speak. In contrast, how little and feelings of the other person to that person's satisis spent on learning how to listen! faction? Do you say, "Tell me again, from where you

Do we acquire the art naturally from babyhood sit, just exactly what you have in mind"? This is

and just start listening? 'There are those who grow difficult to do, but it increases the listening and deup with good listening habits, much as there are those creases opinionating. It is also an acid test of one's

who have quality in their speaking, because of home desire to listen with understanding.

environment. However, Franklin H. Knower and The simple game of "Simon says, 'Thumbs up'

others suggest the importance of specific training in proves the natural inclination to follow what one sees listening for the improvement of auditory comprerather than to listen to what is said.

hension. Ralph G. Nichols, summarizing the results Excellent tests of listening comprehension are found

of classroom training in on the market. They test the individual's ability to

listening, indicates a recall, to follow directions, to recognize words, and twentyfive to forty perto comprehend lectures.

cent gain in listening The idea that good listening depends entirely upon proficiency in groups that the effective speaker is not true. Thoreau said, "It

are given direct training. takes two to speak a truth, one to speak and another

A taped recording of to hear."Listeners greatly influence speakers. An

our talking for a week, expectant, cooperative, responsive listener induces an played back, would conordinary speaker to communicate with improved vince most of us of the effect, and the listener has the chance of receiving a need for training in listenmore stimulating, meaningful message because of his ing. Repetitiousness and listening attitude.

useless questions would After long experience in studying good and poor be in evidence. A little listeners, Ralph G. Nichols summarized the commore listening instead of ponents of effective listening. Here are some of them:

so much talking would 1. Those who brought interest to the topic at hand

help us learn more from were more effective listeners.

each other. In the home, The poor listener is one who develops the habit of

listening is a sweet virtue. frequently finding things dry. The beginning of good

Clerks waiting on customlistening is essentially a matter of attitude.

ers can "listen"money If speakers and subjects repel or bore, how can we into the till of the business work on our attitudes? Take attendance at a sacrathey serve. Meetings and ment meeting, for example. Nichols suggests that we

conferences can be made Bishop Harold Glen Clark has been school teacher, twentyfive to forty perprincipal, secretary to a U.S. congressman, training

cent more fruitful through officer in U.S. Dept. of Agriculture and since 1946,

good listening habits. dean of BYU Adult Education and Extension Services.

APRIL 1966 299 question ourselves. Here are a few hear, he sits in the front seat. If Holy Ghost as a teacher, and keeps

questions family members might ventilation is bad, he opens the the commandments of God.

ask themselves before leaving for window. "Deadpan listeners reap Those not in tune with God are

the meeting. no inspiration,"according to Lewis dull of hearing. They cannot be

What motives do we have in Nichols. taught of him. There is a great gulf

going to the meeting? (Answer 5. Adjust to psychological deaf fixed between them and their

this sincerely and honestly.) Is it spots. learning, as Abraham testified

to do as the Lord has asked us to Words like "Yankee,""Jew,"when he listened to the sad, but do? Is it to partake of the sacra- "nigger,""Red,""Beatle,""repent"now wiser, rich man plead for an

ment and renew our promises to may be troublemakers for poor angel to go down to earth to warn

God to serve him? Is it to remember listeners. These or other words used his disobedient brethren of the

what the Savior sacrificed for each by the speaker arouse them emocommandments that they should of us? Is it to pray for those who tionally with an image that blacks keep. He felt that they would listen

will guide the service and for out what the speaker is saying. to an angel more readily than to

those who participate in it? Each listener should be aware of Moses on earth. The answer of

Good listeners will say, "Listenthe words which, when spoken, Abraham was, "If they hear not...

ing is the one best way to acquire impede his learning. Analyze them the prophets, neither will they be

knowledge. I will analyze the rationally. They really need not persuaded, though one rose from

words that are spoken, reinforce bother any trained listener. the dead."(Luke 16:1931.)

the good ideas I have, and screen 6. Wait until a point is underListening to God with underout anything mediocre or useless. stood before judging. standing means that we appreciate

I will never forget that success is Because they may disagree with his point of view. We sense, in a

not always as dependent on what I the point made by the speaker, measure, how he perceives the already know as upon what I am poor listeners rule out whatfollows. world. We want to know and keep

adding to what I know!"They spend the rest of the time his commandments. We know the

2. A good listener adjusts to the preparing a rebuttal or figuring out personal meaning all of our actions

person addressing him. the hurt done to their pet ideas. lave for him. We know that, as

Our attitude toward the speaker Control evidenced by the withour Father, he has a great listening directly affects him and us. What holding of judgment is a skill that mind and heart. Because of this, we

do we do when the one who is can be acquired through practice in love him. We listen to each other

speaking to us seems inadequate? "hearing the man out."with more faith and intelligence.

Do we tune him out? The good 7. Look for the main drift in the We learn more.

listener says, "No."Learning takes speakers talk. The results of good listening are

place within the listeners own Good listeners ask, "What is the measured by a man's total behavior, mind and heart. The message the main idea the individual is trying for he is the sum total of his listenspeaker is trying to impart is more to express?"Poor listeners look only ing habits. It is shown in the way

important than his language or for isolated details. he acts, the things he says, the

mannerisms. We share with the 8. Taking and using notes is imway he feels, and to what and to

talker the responsibility for the portant. whom he listens. This man's learnsuccess or failure of the talk. We A few wellchosen notes are a ing experiences are rich and fruitshould look directly at the speaker, part of good listening, and reflecful. He has wide interests in all

weak or strong, and indicate by our tion on these notes makes listening the problems of his fellowmen, and posture and attitude that his efforts creative and fruitful. Voluminous he does something about them.

are our sincere concern. We listen notes may actually cut down good Truly, "the hearing ear, and the

with our whole being. We listen hearing. seeing eye, the Lord hath made

with the Holy Ghost as our teacher 9. Use the differential between even both of them."(Proverbs

and helper. thought and speech speeds. 20:12.)

3. Effective listening is hard We speak about 125 words a

icork. minute but think three times that

Healthy Latterday Saints who fast. For the undisciplined listener

lie in bed listening to general this differential is a time of woolBIBLIOGRAPHY conference are generally poor lisgathering and hence causes a teners. There is merit in assuming reduction in listening compreCantor, Nathaniel. Dynamics of Learnthe posture of good listening. We hension. The good listener uses this ing. Foster and Stewart Publishing Corporation, 1946. if to identify the kind of lag outcannot listen time are worn we

Phillips, Franklin Knower, H., David to to is using thephysically are trying get speaker material and in Listening "Studies Koeppel. and Fern

caught up on needed rest. We support his talk, to recapitulate, to to Informative Speaking,"The Journal of

cannot fake the giving of real anticipate the speaker's next point, Abnormal and Social Psychology, Vol. 40

attention. It involves the expendiand to search for hidden meanings. (1945), pp. 8288,

ture of nervous energy. We see from the hand of experts Lewis.Nichols,ListeningRalph andC, Speaking.and ThomasWilliamR.

4. Do not tolerate distracting how listening can be improved. To C. Brown Company, 1954.

listening situations. Latterday Saints the grand key to Rogers, Carl R., and F. J. RoethlishNoises, poor ventilation, inaulistening is an understanding, apberger. "Barriers and Gateways to Comdible speakers are not tolerated by preciative mind and heart. One Vol.munication,"30 (JulyAugust,Harvard 1954),Businesspp.Review,4652.

the good listener. He tries to do hears better when he loves God and The School Review, Vol. 57 ( February,

something about them. If he can't his fellowmen, has received the 1949), pp. 6367.

30O THE IMPROVEMENT ERA These Times Japanese naval bases at Yokohama War in Vietnam takes place in and Sasebo, Korea, Okinawa, Forthis context, in the context of Diego(Continued from page 261) mosa, Thailand, Pakistan, Turkey, Garcia and the necessity for ocean

Diego Garcia, an atoll, may bethe Mediterranean, Libya, and in commerce, for friendly ports as come a new AngloAmerican link Spain also bolsters these new napart of a friendly world.

in the effort to transmute the ninetions and, to a degree, has replaced Our western breed of maritime teenth century's security system the older BritishFrench-Dutch pomen is known to Chinese history into the twentyfirst century's sitions. Air power has replaced sea and literature as "sea barbarians."

needs. It could become an air base power. Sea power meant "amphibIf, instead of plying their junks in

in the Indian Ocean, a satelliteious"relations with Asia and Africa the Indian Ocean, the Chinese had tracking station, a weather and—on land as well as on the oceans been the worldroving seamen that

scientific observation post. and at the ports. An additional the Portuguese, Spanish, Dutch,

What is the new, the present, landing strip on Diego Garcia helps French, British, and Americans security system that has replaced sustain the global security system have been, this article might have the old? First, there are many new in which we have matured. It gives been written in Mandarin Chinese

neutral states. There is an Americomfort to the satellitetracking instead of English. Whether

can interest in them that may help stations so necessary in Africa, the English remains as a lingua franca guarantee neutrality and safety. Indian Ocean and elsewhere, to of the future may depend upon

The presence of Americans at astronautical and space efforts. events in the Indian Ocean.

Spiritual Communication great blessing, and we set about to On this point the Lord has said:

purified are asked, ye and "And if obtain it we by faith. We (Continued from page 276) sin, all ask ye shall cleansed from believed, thought had faith, we we

of will in the whatsoever often name you and though but we fasted of fatheras Father—the Eternal our

it shall rolled done. Jesus the years be fervently, and prayed interspirits, parent loving aour

it this, shall given be "But object the know bringing without us by individuals, as his children inested shall ask."you you what (D&C our prayers. in our of interestedeven as we are

also Hela46:30 and D&C Finally we concluded that there 50:2930; such held that children. Paulown

belief is essential to true prayer, must be something that we had not man 10:5.)

experience from own I know my ". research understood. Further to fully that comethfor said:.. he he

is the that prayer by pathway scripof the study and prayerful is, that he believe and mustGod into contact come may we that tures fact the revealed we which that ofthat is a rewarder them he diligently seek him."(Heb. 11:6.) were not giving proper considerawith God and receive direction

It is also clear from the scription to the will of the Lord, that from him. There have been times

life when it was very diffitures that one must pray in faith. we were concentrating our faith in my

It is apparent that there is a direct and prayers solely upon receiving cult for me to get through to the relationship between the strength the particular thing which by preLord and when I've had to fast and of one's faith and the effectiveness determination we had set our hearts pray for periods each week over of his prayer. There is, however, a upon. We had to reconsider the long months of time. But it can be

principle associated with this matconditions of the promise. We done, and you can pray to the

ter of faith that we should all found that Jesus had stated them Father and receive help in your understand. I used to feel that if I in full in several places. For examproblems. One need not make

could develop enough faith, I could ple, to the Nephites he said, "... serious mistakes in life. If you can

receive in every instance exactly whatsoever ye shall ask the Father learn to walk by the Spirit, you what I prayed for. This belief in my name, which is right, believcan make every decision in your

was based upon such scriptures as ing that ye shall receive, behold it life correctly.

Matthew 17:20, in which Jesus said shall be given you."(3 Nephi Distinguishing True

to his disciples, "If ye have faith 18:20. Italics added.) In the light Revelation

as a grain of mustard seed ye shall of this and other scriptures, we The Lord has given us several say unto this mountain, Remove came to realize that pending the tests by which we may know when hence to yonder place; and it shall time we could know what is right we have that Spirit. By revelation

remove; and nothing shall be and what is expedient, we had to through the Prophet Joseph, the

impossible unto you."But at that learn to be as earnest in praying "if Lord revealed to Oliver Cowdery a

time I had not learned that this it be thy will"as we were in prevery simple test. Oliver wanted to

promise was made upon the imsenting our request. translate the Book of Mormon recplied condition that one's request We further learned that the time ords and the Lord finally gave his

be made in harmony with the will will come when we shall know the consent. But Oliver didn't transof God. will of God before we ask, and then late because he didn't work hard

We learned this principle in our everything for which we pray will enough. When he complained that

home through a rather trying exbe right and expedient. And that the Lord had withdrawn from him

perience. During the early years of will be when, as a result of righthe gift to translate, the Lord said:

our married life, my wife and I teous living, we shall so enjoy the "Do not murmur, my son, for it is intensely desired a particular blesscompanionship of the Holy Spirit wisdom in me that I have dealt ing that we thought would be a that he will dictate what we ask. with you after this manner.

APRIL 1966 301 "Behold, you have not undergifts that were to be enjoyed in the this question—unto what were ye

stood; you have supposed that I restored Church. He named all ordained?

would give it unto you, when you those listed by Paul, to which were "To preach my gospel by the took no thought save it was to added the following: Spirit, even the Comforter which

ask me. "To some it is given by the Holy was sent forth to teach the truth.

"But, behold, I say unto you, that Ghost to know that Jesus Christ is "And then received ye spirits you must study it out in your mind; the Son of God, and that he was which ye could not understand, and

then you must ask me if it be right, crucified for the sins of the world. received them to be of God; and in

and if it is right I will cause that "To others it is given to believe this are ye justified?"The implied

your bosom shall burn within you; on their words, that they also might answer was that they were not

therefore, you shall feel that it is have eternal life if they continue justified.

right. faithful. "... he that receiveth the word

"But if it be not right you shall "And again, to some it is given by the Spirit of truth receiveth it as have no such feelings, but you shall by the Holy Ghost to know the it is preached by the Spirit of truth?

have a stupor of thought...."differences of administration,... "Wherefore, he that preacheth

(D&C 9:6-9. Italics added. "And... to some to know the diand he that receiveth, understand

Study your problems, and prayerversities of operations, whether they one another, and both are edified fully make a decision. Then take be of God "(D&C 46:1316.) and rejoice together.

that decision and say to the Lord, By this statement it appears that "And that tohich doth not edify in simple, honest supplication, "Fathere are some apparently superis not of God, and is darkness."

ther, I want to make the right natural manifestations that are not (D&C 50:1315, 2123. Italics

decision. I want to do the right worked by the power of the Holy added.

thing. This is what I think I should Ghost. The truth is that there are The two keys here, then, are to

do; let me know if it is the right many which are not. The world consider further only that which

course."Doing this, you can get today is full of counterfeits., It has can be comprehended and to deterthe burning in your bosom, if your always been so. The Savior himmine whether the alleged superdecision is right. If you do not get self said, "... there shall also arise natural manifestation or teaching

the burning, then change your defalse Christs, and false prophets, is edifying.

cision and submit a new one. and shall show great signs and The next rule is to find out

This is the kind of revelation we wonders, insomuch, that, if poswhether the purported representacan all live by. As a matter of fact, sible, they shall deceive the very tive of God follows the divinely

without the gift of revelation, elect, who are the elect according established procedure. Has he

which is one of the gifts of the to the covenant."(Joseph Smith himself received the gift of the

Holy Ghost, there could be no 1:22.) Those "who are the elect Holy Ghost through the prescribed

Church of Jesus Christ. This is apaccording to the covenant"are ordinances? If he has not, then his

parent from the obvious fact that members of the Church, so we ourworks, whatever they may be, are in order for this Church to exist, selves are on notice to beware. not the manifestations of the Holy

there must be a society of people This brings us to a most imporSpirit. There is but one way to obwho individually have testimonies tant consideration. Believing as we tain the gift of the Holy Ghost.

that Jesus is the Christ. According do in all the gifts named in the 46th That way is through the prescribed

to Paul, such testimonies are resection of the Doctrine and Coveordinances of baptism by immervealed only by the Holy Ghost, for nants, and knowing that there are sion for the remission of sins and he said, "... no man can say counterfeits to them, how are we to the laying on of hands for the gift

[know] that Jesus is the Lord, but distinguish between the true and of the Holy Ghost. Said the Prophet

by the Holy Ghost."(1 Cor. 12:3.) the false, the genuine and the Joseph: "Baptism is a holy ordiWherever and whenever revelacounterfeit? I shall suggest a few nance preparatory to the reception

tion is operative, manifestations of tests which, if applied, will prove of the Holy Ghost; it is the channel

other gifts of the Holy Ghost are of great value in making the and key by which the Holy Ghost prevalent. This has been so in all distinction. will be administered.

dispensations. Among the gifts of In May 1831, the Prophet Joseph "The gift of the Holy Ghost by

the spirit manifest in the apostolic Smith received instructions from the laying on of hands, cannot be

Church, Paul lists wisdom, knowlthe Lord for the benefit of some received through the medium of edge, faith, healing, working of elders who "did not understand the any other principle than the prinmiracles, prophecy, discerning of manifestations of different spirits ciple of righteousness...."(Docuspirits, diverse kinds of tongues, abroad in the earth...."mentary History of the Church,

and the interpretation of tongues. "Wherefore, I the Lord ask you Vol. 3, p. 379.)

( 1 Cor. 12:8-10. ) The New TestaRighteous men who bear the

ment records numerous examples of Holy Priesthood of the living God the manifestations of these gifts. and who are endowed with the gift

The Prophet Joseph translated SPACE PROBLEMS of the Holy Ghost magnify their the Book of Mormon by the gift of BY VIRGINIA BLANCK MOORE callings circumspectly and in all the Holy Ghost. The directions to humility. Such are the only men

him to organize the Church came While others talk of outer space upon the earth with the right to in like manner. Within a year from And by orbitings are thrilled, receive and exercise the gifts of the

the organization of the Church, the A mother ponders inner space Spirit. They will not spectacularly

Lord set forth in a revelation the And hove to keep it filled. advertise their divine power nor

302 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA MR. FREDERICK DAVIS, Conductor of the famed SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA

MORMON CHOIR, proudly seated at the Yamaha Grand Piano.

Director Davis is one more recognized musical authortural integrity have made it the choice of conservaity and artist who appreciates the superb qualities of tories and universities around the world, as well as an

Yamaha pianos. Certainly, his opinion is based on his approved purchase by Wards and Stakes throughout the

wide musical experience both within and without the Mormon community.

Mormon community. Certainly, a Yamaha upright or grand is an ideal

As with so many fine musicians, Mr. Davis'musical piano for the home, Ward cultural hall, chapel, junior

ear responds to Yamaha's superb tone, magnificent Sunday school, Relief Society rooms, and other church resonance, and clean, responsive action. Qualities that uses.

only exacting craftsmanship can build into a fine We are indeed proud that an artist of Mr. Davis'

musical instrument for the home or church. stature recognizes the superiority of the Yamaha piano

That same craftsmanship is responsible for the reand equally proud when Mormon churches specify markable durability of the Yamaha piano. Its ability to the Yamaha quality piano for its performance and

retain perfect tune for extended periods and its strucdurability.

Since 1887 Write direct for free helpful literature and specifications:

7733 Telegraph Road, Montebello, California 150 Fifth Avenue, New York, New York YAMAHAINTERNATIONAL CORPORATION

APRIL 1966 303 Turk Evans

it. will they NeitherDiscovers the boastdisplayaboutit for this money. Of yon

may be sure.

$vringi/ty of Asthea specialChurch testby forwhichthe claimsmembersto doctrines and their interpretations

World mayclear bethatknown,there istheneverLordmoremadethanit one man on earth at a time authorized to receive revelation for the of the Church. A few months after the organization of the restored Church,

certain stone, by which he had obYamaha Hiram Page had in his possession "a tained certain 'revelations'concernetc."All of order of the Church,Twin Jet 100 ing the upbuilding of Zion, the entirely at variance with these were

the order of God's house, as laid down in the New Testament, as well as in Joseph's revelations.

Turk Evans, a longtime Yamaha fan tells of his impression of the allnew Yamaha Twin "Finding... that many, especially

Jet 100. "It's Yamaha all the way, with safety awardwinning brakes and oil injection the Whitmer family and Oliver

to eliminate premixing. Its prize winning design plus simCowdery, were believing much in

plicity of operation put it in a class by itself- 1 have ridden the things set forth by this stone,"them all! And for troublefree safe riding, I'll take Yamaha."YAMAHAINTERNATIONAL CORPORATION says Joseph Smith, "we thought best

SINCE 1887 to inquire of the Lord concerning

Take a tip from Turk Evans and buy the Twin Jet 100. It's so important a matter; and... we

the first twincylinder sportcycle of its size ever to hit the received the following:

road. If you can ride a bicycle, you can ride a Yamaha. The "... behold, verily, verily, I say

low price of only $409* makes it easy to own. A dozen great P.O. Box 54540 unto thee, no one shall be aptop-selling the models Yamaha make 2-stroke in the U.S. Los Angeles, California 90054 pointed to receive commandments

*P.O.E. LOS ANGELES. PLUS MODEST SETUP AND DESTINATION CHARRFS

in this church, exand revelations cepting my servant Joseph Smith,

Jun.... ''And thou shaft be obedient unto the things which I shall give unto him....

''And thou shalt not command him who is at thy head, and at the head of the church;

'For I have given him the keys of the mysteries, and the revelations which are sealed until I shall appoint unto them another in his stead.'"(DHC, Vol. 1, pp. 109111;

D&C 28:2-3, 6-7.)

The President of The Church of

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints is God's only mouthpiece on the earth. Only he may declare the

mind and will of the Lord to the people.

Finally, and most important, "be virtuous and pure; be men of integrity and truth; keep the commandments of God; and then you

will to perfectly be able more IN YOUR HOME difference the understand between

IN YOUR CHAPEL right and wrong—between the

things of God and the things of men; and your path will be like that

of the just, which shineth brighter and brighter unto the perfect day."cauHwi (Joseph Smith, DHC, Vol. 5, SALT LAKE GLASS & PAINT CO. p. 31.)

"Decorating Center of the Intermountain Area"2205 So. Main Salt Lake City, Utah

—See your local Pratt & Lambert dealer—

304 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 6 out of 7 could not answer this question correctly.

How about you?

In the past 7 years, the cost of living has gone up 10.1 percent.

In the same period, the average price of steel has:

Iincreased 25% Iincreased 15% iincreased 10% iincreased 5% iincreased 2% D istayed steady

The U. S. Government regularly publishes an official Index of

Finished Steel Prices.

At the end of 1958, the index stood at 102.3. By the end of

1965, it had risen less than 1.7 percent compared with a

10.1 percent increase in the Consumer Price Index.

Further, the price index for steel does not take into account the greater strength and utility of today's steels.

Contributing to this greater utility and to this significant record of price stability is U. S. Steel's large and continuing

investment in research and in new, more efficient facilities.

(UgS) United States Steel

APRIL 1966 305 mmmmme Fourpoint Program Launched for

BETTER MOTION PICTURES

"The Sound of Music"Chosen Family Movie of the Year

The Improvement Era is pleased to launch hereTo help form a united front in encouraging the with a fourpronged program in the field of motion production of more desirable motion pictures, The pictures to support and give added impetus to the Improvement Era has joined with the Deseret News,

Church's fight against pornography. (Please see Brigham Young University, and KSL Radio and Telestatement by the First Presidency on page 264 of vision to make an award to the delightful picture

this issue.) The Sound of Music as the best family movie released

This program will consist of ( 1 ) a monthly motion in 1965. The award will be presented to Twentieth

picture review department in the magazine, (2) the CenturyFox representatives at an honor banquet and joining with other church agencies to make an annual ceremony to be held at Brigham Young University award for the best family picture of the year, (3) the March 31.

encouraging of church members to raise their voices The studio will be represented by Harry Sokolov, in a demand for a return to decency in the motion executive assistant to Richard D. Zanuck, studio chief,

picture industry, and (4) the reporting of successes and Charmian Carr, who played the role of the sixteencommunities are having in their fight against this yearold girl in the movie.

growing menace. Of this year's awardwinner Mr. Pearson writes:

The problem of undersirable motion pictures is a "The Sound of Music embodies elements that should real one in and out of the Church. Educators, social appeal to all members of the family. It has memorable

scientists, religious spokesmen, journalists, and public music, breathtaking scenery, and a wholesome story leaders have decried the degrading influence that with features of human nobleness. It leaves the heart

motion pictures are exerting on our society. Numerous singing and touches the soul.

requests have come to the Era from individuals as "The highlights of the film are many: There are

well as organized groups of the Church requesting aid heartwarming scenes between the female lead, Julie with this problem. We feel the efforts announced Andrews, and the children, such as when she comforts

here will be helpful. them during a thunderstorm, and as she tries to conThe motion picture review department in the Era vince them that she is their friend, that she loves them.

will be conducted by Howard Pearson, widely read "There is clean comedy—no smut, no double meanand highly respected motion picture and television ings, no suggestiveness. There is a wonderful puppet

columnist for the Deseret News and winner of the show. There is love of country, love of life, and

Boyd Martin award for the nation's most "outstanding haunting, inspiring music that lifts one to noble motionpicture page."Each month the Era will print contemplation."

a list of films judged most worthy of family patronage We sincerely compliment the producers and dialong with brief reviews of the best of the new rectors of The Sound of Music. We suggest that Era

family pictures. readers everywhere write to Twentieth CenturyFox

The Improvement Era is not unaware of the probFilm Corporation, Beverley Hills, California, enlems involved. Seldom does a motion picture conform couraging them to produce more pictures of this type.

to all church standards, so films listed as worthy of A flood of letters cannot help but do good.

consideration for family viewing may not necessarily We further hope that Improvement Era readers meet all church standards in every respect. Howwill make wise use of the new "Best of Movies"section

ever, every effort will be made to search out, review, in the Era, and will watch Era pages in future months and list the films that may be considered least objecfor articles on the fight against evil motion pictures tionable for family entertainment. and other forms of pornography.

APRIL 1966 307 Joseph Smith as a Public Speaker (Continued from page 279) mystic sophistries around the gospel truths, which I anticipated, he glided along through a very interesting discourse wtih all the care itsWunderbarl for insurance salesmen and happy facility of one who was well aware of his important station and his duty to God and Man."13

Two men who were perhaps Joseph Smith's most famous visitors

If you'rea returned missionary now sellstopped at Nauvoo just fortythree ing for insurance the long and chance days assassination. before his One

.. to to return Europe.. OR of Charles Francis.. you was Adams, son

President who John Adams, as a himself to distinguish SOME FACTS abouthaven't thebeen Wunderbarto Europe butyou've(pardonheardus) formerwas later scholar His statesman. comand

Quincy, was ABOUT A VERY.Wonderful.. this messagefinancialis foropportunityyou. We thereknow panion Josiah was who

of no better road to success than that to become mayor of Boston, Massabeing traveled European agents. by our in chussetts, 1845. a kept Quincy

it call Europe's market We UNCOMMON visit, his record of his account and. here's why!.. and impartial us provides with view an

A PROVEN SALES PATTERN... You of the Prophet's speaking. He deMARKET! deal with military career personnel only. scribed Joseph Smith as:

Our representatives in Europe averaged "A hearty, athletic fellow, with $1,300,000 of face amount production blue eyes standing out upon his during 1965. light complexion.... a finelooking

MUCH MORE MONEY... You receive man is what the passerby would

high commissions plus generous perinstinctively have murmured upon sistency bonuses. meeting the remarkable individual

TAX FREE INCOME... You experience who fashioned the mold which was

a once in a lifetime personal financial to shape the feelings of so many opportunity. thousands of his fellow mortals."11

CAPTIVATING ENVIRONMENT... You As he conversed with the Morlive and sell in an atmosphere once mon leader, Quincy noted:

known only to rich tourists. "One could not resist the impresBut like they say, "the proof of the pudsion that capacity and resource

ding is in the eating,"and our European were natural to his stalwart perDistrict Manager can document the son.... He seemed endowed with

story for you. He'll be in Salt Lake City that kingly faculty which directs,

April 15 to May 10. He would be pleased as by intrinsic right, the feeble or

to talk with you. Write right now (or confused souls who are looking for

call, since time is short), and we'll guidance."

arrange an interview. This is a select In the afternoon, at the request

sales force. Most of our agents in of the party's guide, President

Europe are active LDS Church members. Smith preached to his guests. He

p. 0. Box 2520 went to the front step of the house

Salt Lake City, Utah and addressed a group of about 100

Telephone HU 7-7411, Ext. 34 INSURANCE COMPANY passersby. A Methodist minister

who had been accompanying the party of tourists began to heckle the Prophet. Quincy reported that

\\ n the minister objected to President

Smith's statement that baptism is BURNED OUT essential for salvation, citing as an

REALLY MEANS BURNED OUT TODAY example the thief on the cross ( with Jesus ). President Smith tact-

A fire may mean you are out of a place to live, fully but effectively pointed out with tremendous added expense before you find that when the Savior promised the another. thief "This day thou shalt be with

Let us explain your need for ample insurance me in paradise,"the Lord had meant only that the thief would to cover today's higher values. accompany him to the world of

departed spirits. "The other objections of his antagonist were parried UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City

308 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA I Vv

Phillips 66...Go with

the gasoline that won the West!

You can bet ft takes a twogun gasoline In fact, many Phillips stations are equipped to win over motorists out where longto vacuum your car free. All you have to do

distance driving is a way of life. Phillips is ask. No wonder Phillips 66 is famous

66 gasolines give you more gallop per in 47 states I So come on in and go firstgallon. And when it comes to service... you class...go Phillips 66. Get the gasoline that

get real western hospitality at Phillips 66. won the West I

An Ideal Family & Missionary Camera!

with a similar adroitness,"Quincy related, and, after a few more such disputes, the commentator eonALL-NEW KEYSTONE eluded that the Methodist preacher was obviously "no match for the

AUTOINSTANT CAMERA headAfterof thespendingMormona numberChurch."of days

with his unique host, Quincy closed

AUTOMATIC SETTINGS—INSTANT LOADING his commentary on Joseph Smith

with these words:

"Who can wonder that the chair of the National Executive had its place among the visions of this selfreliant man? He had already

traversed the roughest part of the way to that coveted position. Born

in the lowest ranks of poverty, without book learning and with the homeliest of all human names, he had made himself at the age of thirtynine a power upon the earth.

Of the multitudinous family of

Smith from Adam down (Adam of the 'Wealth of Nations,'I mean) none so won human hearts and shaped human lives as this Joseph.

. His influence, whether for good or

is evil, is the potent today and end is All do you say "smile"(who this wouldn't at price!) and the CAMERA, Keystone AutoInstant rest. the does Sets lens yet. CASE not automatically with

builtin Electric CdS Eye. shutter "Matched for Ring"automatically & FILM ONLY "I to give the have endeavored perfect.. indoor shots never too dark, never light. too Crisp,

clear photos in light. even dim. instantly system sets New lens and details of visit to the Mormon my shutter, rotates flashcube and film. advances Use dropin Kodapak 95

cartridges. fuss No... no fumbling! If Prophet accuracy. with absolute $59 the reader does not know just what

ADDITIONAL 10% DISCOUNT TO MISSIONARIES to make of Joseph Smith, I cannot help him out of his difficulty. I

Pay Nothing Down... Only $1 a Week! myself stand helpless before this

1 "'puzzle."

In describing the Prophet's style of speech, Quincy observed that

Come In, he spoke with the fluency and fervor of "a campmeeting orator."3

Phone or Latterday Saints who heard him

Order by Mail preach also commented on his vigorous delivery. The clerk of the

Nauvoo Legion reported that on

September 11, 1841, Lieutenant

Salt Lake City: 273 S. Main - 155 S. Main - 2190 Highland Dr. General Smith reviewed the troops

Ogden: 2443 Washington Blvd. Provo: 161 W. Center St. and afterward "delivered a military

speech in his usual energetic style."

Idaho Falls: 446 Park Avenue On another occasion he delivered

"a spirited and patriotic address"to that same body. He always

spoke loud enough to be heard Have You Tried Chesbro's Mail Order Service? easily—no small feat when we conEvery order is shipped the same day it arrives. It is checked carefully to be sure that it is sider that some of his audiences

filled properly. were very large. Also such adNo order is too small or too large for them to handle.... They have a complete onedresses as his famous "King Follett

stop music service. Sermon"were long by any stanBand—Vocal Solos—Choral (SASSA-SATBTTBB-SAB) and Instrumental Music. Studies, dards—some lasting as long as three

orSolos Special Arrangements. Write details plainly and completely and your instructions hours or more. When speaking to

followed.will be

large groups for such long periods,

They have music of all publishers.... All top brands of accessories... Mouthpieces,

Reeds, Oil, Mutes, Stands, Drum Supplies, Instrument Cases, Bows, every item to make he would often strain his vocal your musical venture a success. equipment so badly that he could

You have really missed something if you have not tried not speak again in public for more than a week. 17

The Prophet was easy to listen 327 Broadway—Idaho Falls, Idaho to, for he had an amazing knack of

QUALITY AND SERVICE SINCE 1917

Music Co

3 10 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA reducing complex ideas to the most understandable terms. Brigham

Young declared, "What a delight tohear brother Joseph talk upon the thirsty?

eternity: principlesgreat of He

his into his purse "If empties a man the to bring themwould down him. it from can take An no head, man child,capacity of a he would and

in pays always investment knowledge earth."18 Parleyunite with heaven

P. Pratt described his manner of the best interest."Benjamin Franklin

speaking in these words:

"His manner was easy and Satisfy your thirst with a familiar and his language home study course now. eloquenceabounding.. in. original

peculiar to himself—not polished—

not studied—not smoothed and

[polished and] softened by educaTo: BrighamHome StudyYoung University IE 3-4 66

tion and refined by art: but flowProvo, Utah

ing forth in its own native simPlease tend me a free home study catalog.

plicity, and profusely abounding in variety of subject and manner. He Name..

interested and edified while, at the Address.

same time, he amused and entertained his audience: and none lisCity-

evertened that were to him STUDY weary State Zip Code. HOME discourse. I havewith his known UNIVERSITY BRIGHAM YOUNG

him to retain a congregation of willing and anxious listeners for,-.

many hours together, in the midst of cold or sunshine, rain or wind, while they were laughing at one USE OUR NEW ABC CREDIT PLAN moment and weeping the next. FOR ALL YOUR PURCHASES AT AUERBACH'S

Even his most bitter enemies were generally overcome, if he could PHONE OUR CREDIT OFFICE once get their ears."19 RICHMOND Simple as ABC—come to

President Smith not only showed TREMONTON Auerbach's, Buy it, Charge a keen interest in the usual it.

methods of public speaking—he enPay the full amount the

couraged debating clubs and public next month after you redebates on secular topics as well. ceive your statement, or

He noted in his journal in Februpay only 1/6 of your acary 1842: count balance each month.

"In the evening attended a deYou are your own banker, bate. At this time debates were GRANTSVILLE pay your account in full or

held weekly and entered into by in installments 1/6 each men of the first talents in the city, month. For larger puryoung and old, for the purpose of HEBER chases, arrange a Contract

eliciting truth, acquiring knowlAccount with 6 months or edge, and improving in public PAYSON PROVO longer to complete payspeaking."20 ment.

Joseph Smith's speaking career, Phone /or free delivery if you live in our large delivery then, was varied. While as a area: 3281188 in Salt Lake City area, 8251607 in Ogden

area, call 3742780 area. areas, Outlying in Provo to effectively small spoke heyouth

Zenith 737 toll delivery free. north to Free Tremonton friends, he intimate of wasgroups to east south Provo, and Richmond, to Heber Payson and

rather shy and retiring when speakand Midway, west to Grantsvilte and Tooele, all points ing to groups of strangers. This in between.

was so notable that the Lord called Beyond our delivery, arM, writ* to Auerbach's, Box 1465.

Sidney Rigdon as the Prophet's STATE AND spokesman for a number of years. BROADWAY

However, as time went on, PresiSALT LAKE dent Smith gained more and more CITY, UTAH 84110 power in preaching, and his dependence on Rigdon decreased proportionately.

features outstanding of the One speaking Smith's was GRADUATION OR WEDDING GIFT?about Joseph

his appearance while under the Nothing finer than a twelvetime-a-year gift. Give

spirit of inspiration. Scores of THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Only $3.00 We send the gift card

APRIL 1966 311 disciples testified that an ethereal public speaking so that he could rity, and your appreciation for aura settled over him and lighted effectively serve as God's spokeshuman values. (See You Can Learn

his countenance when the Holy man to this generation. to Speak, chapter 14.)

Ghost inspired him. aO. Turner, History of the Pioneer A nationally respected company,

Although his sermons in Nauvoo Settlement of Phelps and Gorham's Purrecognized for its sound programs were often three hours in length or chase, p. 214. in training leaders, has published a

even longer, the Prophet's speeches American2John HenryProphetEvans,(NewJosephYork: Smith,The MacAn book entitled, The Knack of Selling

were almost impromptu. He felt millan Company, 1946), p. 36. Yourself. It states: "Admit or pubthat earnest study, sincere prayer, 3Exod. 4:10. lish no weakness concerning yourand living a worthy life would *2 Nephi 3:17. Italics added. self. Never apologize for lack of

bring him inspiration in the mo3D&CJoseph100:9.Smith, History of the Church, preparation, never confess that

ment it was needed, although he (Salt Lake City: The Church of Jesus you have nothing to say, and under

certainly did not discourage formal Christ of Latterday Saints, 1949), Vol. 1, no circumstance inform the audipreparation by others. pp; 421422. ence you have a cold, a sore throat,

His impression upon the religious ference,7JournalJuneof Jared3-6, 1831,Carter, Report of con- a train to catch, or anything else world in his day and ours is pro8John A. Widtsoe, The Discourses of that is negative. People everywhere

found. Josiah Quincy capsulized Brigham Young (Salt Lake City: Deseret take you at your own rating; one

the Prophet's impact on future Book Company, 1951), p. 142. word, one syllable of negation will

"History Church, Vol. 5, p. 529. of thegenerations he wrote: speech spoil your whole when and unsell 10Ibid., 384. Vol. p. 3,

your audience you."3 improbable on "It is by no means 11. *Ibid., Vol. p. 4,

that some future textbook, for the 12Parley P. Pratt, Autobiography of Sound thinkers everywhere warn

use of generations yet unborn, will Parley P. Pratt, Parley P. Pratt, Jr., ed., us against negativism, apology, and

self. Psychologistscontain a question something like 5thCompany,ed. (Salt1938),Lakepp. City:298299.Deseret Book emphasis on

this: What historical American of 13Times and Seasons, 4, No. 13, May Morgan and Webb affirm: "Selfthe nineteenth century has exerted 15, 1843. consciousness is merely thinking

the most powerful influence upon 14Josiah Quincy, Figures of the Past: about yourself. To get over it, stop

the destinies of his countrymen? Fromlished the(Boston:LeavesLittle,of OldBrownJournals,andrepubCom- thinking about yourself.... If you

And it is by no means impossible pany, 1926), p. 321. are making a speech, think about

that the answer to that interrogaIbid., p. 337. what you are saying and the people

tory may thus be written: Joseph 10Ibid., p. 329. to whom you are speaking and not

Smith, the Mormon Prophet."21 p. 17Smith,522. History of the Church, Vol. 5, about yourself, and you will not be

Without doubt one of the great 18Widtsoe, Discourses of Brigham selfconscious [nor petrified with leadership characteristics that JoYoung, p. 459. stage fright, a condition so preva-

P. Parley "Pratt, Autobiography of his exercised in gaining it illustratesseph Smith lent that universal how

Pratt, 4546. pp. is religious in placeeminent the and of inhibition suppression and Vol. 20Smith, Church, History of the

history hissocial unceasing selfexpression] was. Selfconsciousness p. 514. 4,

diligence in cultivating the art of 21Quincy, Figures of the Past, p. 317. is a form of conceit. People are not

observing you with the interest you think. They are usually busy with

themselves. Remember this and you

will not be uncomfortable in their presence."6

Elbert Hubbard pronounced:

Communication from truly distinguishing mark of a "The greatest mistake you can the Pulpit genuinely humble person. It is not make in life is to be continually

a blatant and willful depreciation fearing you will make one."And

(Continued from page 287) of his resources. To be humble is Alexander Dumas created a gem of

presumptuous on the part of the not to stoop until you are smaller universal truth when he wrote: "A

speaker to suppose that his small than you are, but to stand at full person who doubts himself is like failures have so much consequence height, recognizing God as the a man who would enlist in the that he must talk about them. source of your powers. This recogranks of his enemies and bear arms

Apologies cloud the mind with nition should not be expressed in against himself. He makes his

gloom and waste the speaker's words unless it can be done in a failure certain by himself being prime opportunity to create a fresh manner, rather than obviously the first to be convinced of it."

favorable and challenging response and routinely. A pseudo humility in beginning

to himself and his message. If the Selfrespect is at a disadvantage a talk may have been practiced for

speaker repeats trite petitions for because it is so'often confused with so long that it is parroted or done prayers or the help of the Lord, he selfconceit. To be humble, one is because everybody else seems to be

establishes himself as lacking in selfreverent, not abject. Study the doing it. Many portray their weakcreativity or imaginaton. Furtherchallenging methods of beginning nesses and shortcomings because

more, he posts notice that his mind a talk, undeviatingly adhere to they are consciously or unconis on himself—when it should be on them, and you will convey to the sciously fishing for praise and

bigger things. audience your courage, your desire compliments, which is hardly a

Humility is misunderstood and to communicate, your belief in your sound expression of humility.

often misrepresented. It does not ideas, your insights into reality and I'm making a great deal out of

mean that selfconsciousness is the truth, your optimism, your integthis crack in the bell of the "trum312 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

When yovi can't pet."But negative, apologetic

blight a universalopenings are such hug him, yon can talks practhat the our churchon tice of should on be frowned by all wrap your heart least for at stopped, oneus and reason:important If we create a around his voice mediocrity, escape intoloophole for

we are more likely to sustain a lessthan decent effort to do our best with a Long Distance and readily excuse ourselves for being mediocre, rather than make call.

an honest attempt to be creative.

signifisaid has some Even God this that Go ahead. subject. things Socant on

we would spend less of our precious time on trivia—cheap shows, Call now, \t

TV, funny books, sexy literature, and the pursuit of excessive in the Doctrinepleasure—passages Mountain States Telephone Hi / gs j) us inand Covenants admonish

stark, clear words to be instructed in "things both in heaven and in "7X - earth, and under the earth; things

which have been, things which are, things which must shortly come to pass; things which are at home,

things which are abroad; the wars

and the perplexities of the nations, Youwith canRobertstudySteur,for awinnerbeautyofcareerthe and the judgments which are on the internationally recognized Americas'land; and a knowledge also of Cup. Expert instructors all trained

Steur in his by Robert methods.countries of kingdoms—and

information. for scholarship be prepared...."Write "That ye may

(D&C 88:79, 80.)

By following this admonition, apology shouldn't be necessary. We

the forth in ableshould to "go be.. COLLEGE OF BEAUTY. Spirit, preaching ofpower my

in my name, lifting up your voices 1205 Wilmington Ave., S.L.C. Phone 4869367

as with the sound of a trump, declaring my word like unto angels of God."(D&C 42:6.) The words Robert Steur College of Beauty

trump and like unto the angels of 1 205 Wilmington Ave.

God ought to give us all pause to Salt Lake City think and impel us to spend a little Please send me information about your time perfecting our gifts, for seccourses and scholarships.

tion sixty does unequivocally detalent. thisclare that of us has each

well i name I not with"But some am pleased, for they will not open their study with Robert Steur i address mouths, but they hide the talent which I have given unto them, i because of the fear of man. Wo i

unto such, for mine anger is international award winner! i

kindled against them."(D&C 60:2.)

In this decisive vein, Brigham

Young also admonished the Saints:

"Some of our most eloquent and inRECORDINGS ratherteresting speakers would ALBUMS MA do COVENANT8*—Book | $57.50 ot Mormon to the thanalmost anything speak

I Doctrine 32.95 and Covenants J )

here. of Price Pearl that 10.95 assemble Greatcongregations

92.50 Triple Combination KB*ffif"timidity or diffidenceThat we the Christ Jesus 49.95 |flj |..,ffl m|,: -*'"- 44.95 New Testament it bewith. dispensemust When I in stock Also have over 100 different titles

comes our duty to talk, we ought religiousor sacredtype recordings. of

to be willing to talk.... | GIFT ITEMS

"I do not like to hear men make I HallmarkReligious Bookscards -andCandyGenealogyFlowersSupplies- Figurines

ill * nearest Book or Record Store orexcuses, although it is natural, and SIS'

i Inc. * Recordings, 3 H

5 i -<5: State Street |m BI ContactCovenant1470 Southyour "fi

\i\ $,8 II Salt Lake City, Utah 84115

ISiliS 15 II Ph. 4871096

APRIL 1966 313 is wearwvrctr e*a you too,;uu, canv>d i

I put up with it. I wish they could

see and understand that they have mile had advantages...—that they

have been greatly blessed, and /OOOOO complain, but should vw'should never DATSUN stand up here and exercise themsmile selvesability,accordingand do alltothethegoodbest possibleof their for them to do....

"If persons lose confidence in themselves, it takes away the strength, faith and confidence that others have in them; it leaves a

space that we call weakness."7

Finally, don't mistake excitement for fear. Too many of our church

speakers constantly make the mistake of habitually interpreting the feeling of excitement that they experience before an audience as anxiety and fear and as a sure proof

This new Datsun Sedan is fun sized! Easy as a of inadequacy. Edginess is the price

built uniSolidly drive to with breeze infor horse a race being pay all the you tized with powered and and frame body and park.—sensible the of a cow. stead Heed equipyou'll need. Standard go ever and get up

ment includes: 4-speed full synchromesh floor philosophy of Robert Frost: "All

shift, WSW tires, heater & defrosters, bucket seats, the fun's in how you say a thing."

factory belts, dash, deluxe chrome, seat padded poet emphawas England The New alternator batterysaving undercoating, and many that is fun, that sizing and speaking extras. more

ideas can be expressed in a colorful, $1,656 delivers plus tax, lie. d. & h., local frt., if any. inspiring manner as well as in a

TAKE A TEST DRIVE AT YOUR SMILING DEALER! dull and prosaic fashion. The

For more facts write: DATSUN, P.O. Box 191, Gardena, Calif. trumpet may have a vibrant, challenging, inspiring sound, and so

may a speech! *

aSee the author's You Can Learn to

Speak, chapters 1 to 7, for instructions Plan a Murdock Tour Now! on filing materials, overcoming fear, and

The following personallyescorted, allexpense-paid tours all include the speaking conversationally.

highest quality carriers and accommodations at surprisingly low cost: aHarold P. Zelko, "How to Be a Better

Speaker,"Nations Business, April, 1965,

L.D.S. Temples Tour 1 1 days Leaves April 1 8th p. 94.

(Oakland, L.A., St. George, Manti) "Ralph S. Pomeroy, Today's Speech,

2 Hawaii Tour 12 days Leaves May 1 4th Nov. 1963, p. 17.

3 European Highlights 21 days Leaves June 9th 4Quoted by Ben Padrow in Todays- 4 Temples & Lake Louise 1 2 days (bus) Leaves July 1 1th Speech, Feb. 1962, p. 9.

(Cardston, Idaho, Logan) 5James T. Mangan, The Knack of Sell-

5 Scandinavian Vikings Tour 21 days Leaves July 1 2th ing Yourself (Chicago: The Dartnell

6 Hill Cumorah Pageant Tour 15 days (bus and air) Leaves July 15th Corporation, 1938), p. 41.

7 Hill Cumorah Pageant Tour 8 days (air) Leaves July 26th "John J. B. Morgan and Ewing T.

8 Hill Cumorah Pageant Tour 15 days (bus and air) Leaves July 29th Webb, Making the Most of Your Life, 9 Yellowstone, Passion Play Mt. Rushmore 8 days Leaves August 1 3th (N.Y.: Ray H. Long and Richard R.

Hawaii Tour 10 days Leaves September 10th Smith, 1932), p. 224.

Journal of Discourses, Vol. 6, p. 93;

added ) [5 BhB Murdock Travel Inc., 14 So. Main, Salt Lake City, Utah

llll Please send information on tour no iMinim

| It matters not whether you or I feel MURDOCH Address.—City - State \

the time praying, like comes when TRA VEL Era April '66 feel pray. not pray, to do If we

like it, we should pray till we do.

... You will find that those who

wait till the Spirit bids them pray! will never pray much on this earth.! PROTECT your copies of the ERA

...—President Brigham Young with a SPECIAL BINDERomy $2.50 JJ

314 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA This is the way

T'S FINE TO TRAVEL at the speed of A visit to the lounge car is a wonderful change, i sound... if speed is really that important. too—and a great place to discuss important

for scenery, But honestly—what's the rush? Why flit about matters with other businessmen. As in a Union Pacific Domeliner you go right in such a mad whirl? Take the time to take the it—not over it! train—and enjoy every minute of your trip. through

Your favorite steak in the dome diner is only Wives like a change of scenery, too. Why not

one of the pleasures Union Pacific offers. How take her along? With family fares—now good

about a private room, for example, where you any day of the week—she can travel for half

can read, relax—even take a snooze. Why not fare. Sure it's a business trip... but can't a

—you never seem to have time at home! fellow have a little fun between meetings?

Call us, or come on in—let us tell you more

UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD

APRIL 1966 315 Hoio to Communicate world of those things which are had gone forth to teach only, withThe Gospel communicated unto you."(D&C out making himself a personal

84:61.) witness of the truth of his teach-

{Continued from page 281) It is eternally and everlastingly ings. In such a situation he might

the same. In all ages and in all dishave quoted the ancient scriptures,

hearts of receptive people everypensations, the Lord uses witnesses. such as those in Isaiah 53. With

where. As Jesus said, "My sheep They are commanded to testify complete accuracy he would have

hear my voice..."(John 10:27), from personal knowledge of the explained that Jesus was "despised

and his voice is the voice of testiplan of salvation. Their testimony and rejected of men,"that he was

mony, the voice of the Spirit, the is binding upon the world. "a man of sorrows, and acquainted

still small voice which bears record Thus we find Paul counseling with grief,"that "he hath borne our to the spirit within man. Timothy: "Be not thou therefore griefs, and carried our sorrows,"

To those called into his ministry, ashamed of the testimony of our that "he was wounded for our the Lord says: "... ye are my witLord "(2 Tim. 1:8.) transgressions,"that "the Lord hath

nesses... that I am God."(Isa. Thus we find Alma saying to the laid on him the iniquity of us all,"

43:12.) Nephites, after teaching various and so forth.

After appearing in resurrected gospel truths: "And this is not all. After such a sermon almost every

glory to his ancient disciples, after Do ye not suppose that I know of Jew would say: "You have quoted

letting them feel the nail marks in these things myself? Behold, I Messianic prophecies, it is true;

his hands and in his feet, after eattestify unto you that I do know that but they were not fulfilled in Jesus.

ing before them to show the these things whereof I have spoken These prophecies mean someone corporeal nature of his body, and are true. And how do ye suppose else; you don't interpret the scripafter expounding all things unto that I know of their surety? tures correctly."In effect they

them concerning his resurrection, "Behold, I say unto you they are would be doing what the professors

Jesus said: "And ye are witnesses made known unto me by the Holy of religion were doing in the day of

of these things."(Luke 24:48.) Spirit of God. Behold, I have Joseph Smith—interpreting "the

In sending the apostles of old fasted and prayed many days that same passages of scripture so differforth to carry his message of salva- I might know these things of myently as to destroy all confidence in tion to the world, he said: "... ye self. And now I do know of myself settling the question by an appeal

shall be witnesses unto me both in that they are true; for the Lord..."to the scriptures. (Joseph

Jerusalem, and in all Judea, and in God hath made them manifest unto Smith 2:12.)

Samaria, and unto the uttermost me by his Holy Spirit; and this is But on the other hand, the Apospart of the earth."(Acts 1:8.) the spirit of revelation which is in tle Peter would have raised himself

The same decree is in force me."(Alma 5:4546.) above the arena of contention if he

today. To us the Lord says: "... To show the difference between had first taught what Isaiah had to

remain steadfast in your minds in merely teaching and both teaching say about the promised Messiah solemnity and the spirit of prayer, and testifying, let us take a simple and then (following the pattern set in bearing testimony to all the illustration. Let us suppose Peter by Alma) said: "But this is not all.

I know these things are true because God has revealed them to me.

I know that Jesus is the Messiah

FULFILLMENT and that he was resurrected beBY JEANNETTE H. DEMARS cause I stood in the upper room

and felt the nail marks in his hands and feet and saw him eat food."No The air hangs heavy as a shroud, and still. one could respond that he did not

No small night creature stirs within the gloom interpret the scriptures correctly.

His hearers could say: "You're mad;

Where deep beneath the shadoio of the hill you're insane; you're deceived,"but

A sentry dozes by a lonely tomb. they would have no issue to debate.

A testimony can only be accepted

Three crosses, stark and black against the sky, or rejected; it is not the subject for

Etched by the groping fingers of the dawn, false,dispute.and Itthatis endseitherthetruematter.or it is

No longer lift their dreadful burdens high—In the light, then, of these general

principles of teaching and testifyIn shame bear witness mute of him now gone. ing, let us sammarize what memThe woman falters; suddenly a scream bers of the Church should do to

fulfill their covenant to be true

Of terror echoes on the morning air. witnesses of Christ and his work:

the gospel. "Search the 1. Study The sullen sentry, startled from his dream,

..."scriptures. Read (John 5:39.)

In panic flees the angel standing there. the Book of Mormon. Qualify as

The ivords are gently spoken, softly, clear; one who can teach intelligently. "Seek not to declare my word, but

"ho, he is risen, Wherefore seek ye here?"first seek to obtain my word, and

316 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA then shall your tongue be loosed; stand as a witness of the things of and generation, as well as in genthen, if you desire, you shall have which you shall both hear and see. erations of old."(D&C 20:11.)

my Spirit and my word, yea, the and also that you may declare re- 8. And finally—and this by way of

power of God unto the convincing pentance unto this generation."warning—be courageous and bold

of men."(D&C 11:21.) (D&C 14:8.) (though not overbearing); be

2. Get a testimony. Obtain the 5. Be proud of the name of Jovaliant in testimony, for salvation

personal witness of the Spirit that seph Smith. Remember that God itself is dependent upon such a

the work is true. Know for yourself said to him: "... the pure in heart, course. It is of the terrestrial kingthat Jesus is the Christ; that Joseph and the wise, and the noble, and dom—not the celestial—that the revSmith is a prophet; that the gospel the virtuous, shall seek counsel, and elation says: "These are they who

has been restored; that The Church authority, and blessings constantly are not valiant in the testimony

of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints from under thy hand."(D&C of Jesus; wherefore, they obtain not

is God's kingdom on earth, the one 122:2.) the crown over the kingdom of

and only place where salvation may 6. Seek opportunity to tell others our God."(D&C 76:79.)

be found. about the Church, about Joseph The way then is clear; the course

3. Seek the Spirit. "And the Spirit Smith, about the plan of salvation, is marked.

shall be given unto you by the about Christ and his redeeming "... you are called to cry repentprayer of faith; and if ye receive grace—always speaking with "much ance unto this people.

not the Spirit ye'shall not teach."assurance,"always adding a per- "... how great will be your joy

(D&C 42:14.) sonal witness, always testifying, if you should bring many souls unto

4. Pray. Ask God for the privilege always bearing your testimony. me!"(D&C 18:14, 16.)

of standing as a witness of his 7. Use the Book of Mormon, The reward for keeping the

work. "And it shall come to pass, which itself is a written testimony covenant made in the waters of

that if you shall ask the Father in of the divine Sonship of our Lord. baptism is to "be redeemed of God,

my name, in faith believing, you Remember it was given to prove and be numbered with those of the shall receive the Holy Ghost, which "that God does inspire men and call first resurrection...."It is to "have

giveth utterance, that you may them to his holy work in this age eternal life."(Mosiah 18:9.)

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

TRAVEL STUDY TOURS -1966 1. PEOPLE AND ARTS TOUR OF

EUROPE A whole wide world of tours espeJune 19August 9 cially for L.D.S. adults and students

2. EASTERN EUROPEAN TOUR Directed by well qualified and experiStudent Tour—June 1 5-August 9 enced B.Y.U. professors

3. STUDENT EUROPEAN TOUR Optional University credit

Student Tour—June 18August 17 L.D.S. Standards maintained through-

4. TOUR OF CENTRAL & SOUTH out

AMERICA June 25July 24 5. BIBLE LANDS TOUR CLIP AND MAIL

June 8-29 Brigham Young University 6. ANNUAL CHURCH HISTORYHILL DepartmentProvo, Utah of84601Travel Study CUMORAH PAGEANT TOUR

July 2331 Please send me information on the tours I have marked. 7. AROUNDTHE-WORLD TOUR

June 6-August 20 1 4 8 8. MEXICAN RESIDENCE PROGRAM

Student Study Program—

June 1 1 -August 8 9. SPRING TOUR OF EUROPE A & B

May 17June 8

APRIL 1966 317 VOICES OF DoesTalk inYour(Parentheses)?Family

CHALLENGE an(Continuedangry expressionfrom pageof 283)retaliation.

Important and meaningful messages If the receiver of a "parentheses culled from talks by authorities of the message"is also tired or sensitive,

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. he tends to magnify the degree of

negative feeling perceived in the

THESE MAGNIFICENT RECORDINGS CAN BE YOURS "parentheses message,"thus intensifying the conflict even further. In

any event, the hidden feelings "Excerpts From Talks By expressed in such statements and

EXCERPTS questions become barriers to effecFROM TALKS General Authorities"tive communication among family BY GENERAL.'e*AUTHORITIESfbe.thwtWiti Jesus Cfei members. The more they occur

diffionly $33.95 without recognition, the more

plus postage cult it becomes for those involved to talk to each other. The more

difficult it is to talk, the greater the

These records are perfect emotional pressure that builds up.

for teacher or parent, for What does a person do with the 72 seveninch recordindividual study or group feelings of resentment that develop ings for indexed easy reference use by appreciation. You'll surely when he senses the hidden accusaand

subject, speaker's name, date, recorded find this selection of mestion of such statements? If he is a

time of excerpt, etc. sages both timely and timechild, he may learn that it isn't safe

less. These dynamic talks to respond with his true feelings,

leave a lasting impression because he is punished for reacting on all who listen. An espeto the "parentheses message."Thus,

cially useful tool for all he builds up his defenses against

L.D.S. teachers. expressing real feelings; he beif dishonest. Or

that may learn tteseretCOM P A N Y fo$k comeshe is a emotionallyteenager, he

AT 44 EAST SO. TEMPLE AND COTTONWOOD MALL this is an indication that no one in SALT CITY LAKE

2472 BLVD., WASHINGTON OGDEN the family likes him or appreciates

777 SO. MAIN CALIFORNIA ST., ORANGE,

him. This helps to isolate the

Mail at once adolescent. If it is the husband or

the wife, he or she may begin to

Deseret Book Company, 44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah 84110 feel unloved and may retaliate with

Please send me the beautifully boxed "Excerpts from Talks by General anger.

Authorities."I enclose $33.95 (check/money order) including 3'/2% To avoid such a chain reaction in

Utah Sales Tax for residents Q Or, bill my account Q families, each member needs to learn how to state clearly and

Name. honestly how he feels. Parents can

Address. learn to recognize and express their

frustrations and feelings of tiredCity State ness. The what, the why, and the

Zip APRIL 66 ERA wherefore of feelings being experienced need to be made clear.

Then a child or ar other person can deal directly with the message and not react to some vague or

IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS assumed accusation that may or may not be intended. The exampleAids in treatment of simple sore provided by parents can be the

throat other minor mouth and and basis for emotional honesty from JEWELRY CO.

irritations.throat the children. DA 2-1039 SOUTH 42WEST2ND.

SALT LAKE CITY 1, UTAH In order to be emotionally

HALL'S REMEDY INTERMOUNTAIN'S LARGEST DIAMOND DEALER selfhonest,anda personexaminemust carefullylisten to himhis

Salt Lake City. Utah tendencies to express his feelings in

parentheses. If one family member

Hoiomaiic Gas Water is having difficulty in recognizing #3 Heater all the hot Will supply water needed and expressing his true feelings, it

Baptistries, for Kitchens, Church 20 helps for him to have an expression Rest Rooms. Heats 450 GPH,

rise in temperature. Write for free of concern from other family memTELL COLORED ACE

heaters, on Fiberglass water FIEE folders SEND FOI AND SHE SYMIOLS—Baptistries and spires. Also PUCES. SAMPLE AND lOW

Electric Heaters. Water COWBOY TAG CO., P. O. BOX 95 LITTLE GIANT MFG. CO.

YUCAIPA, CALIFORNIA 92399 907 7th Street, Orange, Texas 318 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA bers who are genuinely interested.

Parents can encourage children who are angry or upset to state their feelings instead of punishing them for acting them out. Acting

out usually resolves itself when children can explain how they feel.

In many cases, being quiet and attentive can help a family member to examine difficult negative feelings. It also helps if you can learn

to restate in your own words what the other person feels. This last

response shows that you are interested and that you do care about his feelings. If you can also express

in a direct way your own feelings, it will help other family members learn how it is done. For example,

you might say, "I felt really upset Why your church should have the soft, at first, but now I can see how my quiet beauty of Bigelow actions made you angry."

Family members who become Appearance alone would be reason Mormon church building decor.

aware of the way in which their enough. But a fine Bigelow carpet, like There are many other Bigelow carpets

feelings influence their ability to the Gropoint Director shown above,—ideal for the home as well. In fact, for

building, for every home, every public create an atnoise. Helps also absorbscommunicate will be able to dethe or can customcreate has Bigelow of serenity. on mainteSaves mosphere

velop the insight necessary for an nance and cleaning costs too. perfect carpet. We've been doing it for

effective system of communication. This sturdy tweed is woven of finest well over a century.

Intelligent selfcontrol is based selected imported wools to give years feelone's of awareness traffic. whichupon of under heavy wear It comes

RUGS CARPETS AND it colors, 14 adaptable to any for makingings are controlled being and SINCE 1825 in Bigelow families purposes. Thosewhat who

have learned how to talk about both negative and positive feelings do not feel the need to fight about their feelings.

CHILD AND SPRING

BY LOUISE DARCY

Child standing underneath a white birch tree Where emerald leaves are lovely in the light,

Noio you are one with the resurgent spring, With lilac bloom and tulips, gold and white.

Above you, clouds sail doivn the pale blue sky

song robinAnd is round you as you TV Pearsonality stand.

Become acquainted with movie, TV, and Broadway personalities

A moment you wait poised and via Howard Pearson, your Deseret News host. Howard talks

motionless, candidly with the stars and critically reviews the world of show

Then off you dart across God's biz. Read Howard Pearson daily in your

springtime land. DESERET NEWS

APRIL 1966 319 If ever there should be an organever beheld. I stretched forth my hand and plucked

ized body of people on the earth some of the fruit. I gazed upon it. with delight; but

dedicated to better communication, when I was about to eat of it, the vision closed and it is the body of The Church of I did not taste the fruit.

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. "At the close of the vision I bowed down in humble

The ancient prophets told of the prayer and asked the Lord to show me the meaning famine of the Lord's words that of the vision. Then the voice of the Lord came to me

would come: saying: 'Son of man, thou hast sought me diligently

"Behold, the days come, saith the Lord God, that to know the truth concerning my Church and Kingdom

I will send a famine in the land, not a famine of bread, among men. This is to show you that my Church is

nor a thirst for water, but of hearing the words of the not organized among men in the generation to which

Lord: you belong; but in the days of your children the

"And they shall wander from sea to sea, and from Church and Kingdom of God shall be made manifest the north even to the east, they shall run to and fro with all the gifts and the blessings enjoyed by the to seek the word of the Lord, and shall not find it."Saints in past ages. You shall live to be made ac-

(Amos 8:1112.) quainted with it, but shall not partake of its blessings

Through the centuries of such "famine,"prayerful, before you depart this life. You will be blest of the

sincere people still received personal guidance. An Lord after death because you have followed the dictaexample of such was an aged man by the name of tion of my Spirit in this life.'

Mason, who told Wilford Woodruff: President Woodruff continues:

"I [Robert Mason] was carried away in a vision and "When Father Mason had finished relating the found myself in the midst of a vast orchard of fruit vision and its interpretation, he said, calling me by trees. I became hungry and wandered through this my Christian name: 'Wilford, I shall never partake

vast orchard searching for fruit to eat, but I found of this fruit in the flesh, but you will and you will none. While I stood in amazement finding no fruit in become a conspicuous actor in the new kingdom.'He

the midst of so many trees, they began to fall to the then turned and left me. These were the last words

ground as if torn up by a whirlwind. They continued he ever spoke to me upon the earth. To me this was

to fall until there was not a tree standing in the whole a very striking circumstance. I had passed many days

orchard. I immediately saw thereafter shoots springduring a period of twenty years with this old Father

ing up from the roots and forming themselves into Mason. He had never mentioned this vision to me

young and beautiful trees. These budded, blossomed, before. On this occasion he said he felt impelled by

and brought forth fruit which ripened and was the the Spirit of the Lord to relate it to me."1

most beautiful to look upon of anything my eyes had The vision of Joseph Smith in the spring of 1820,

Listen to the Whisperings

3 20 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA which ushered in the beginning of the restoration, and sent forth to preach the word of truth by the was the first of a long series of communications from Comforter, in the Spirit of truth, doth he preach it the Lord to the people of the earth in this dispensaby the Spirit of truth or some other way?

tion. These communications had for their purpose: "And if it be by some other way it is not of God.

a. The declaration of his person. "And again, he that receiveth the word of truth,

b. The truth of his gospel, which is the path men doth he receive it by the Spirit of truth or some other

must take to enter his kingdom. way?

We can truthfully say that the Lord has 'fulfilled "If it be some other way it is not of God.

many prophecies revealed to the people in the latter "Therefore, why is it that ye cannot understand and days. He has also given a key by which we may comknow, that he that receiveth the word by the Spirit

municate with him, or understand the messages alof truth receiveth it as it is preached by the Spirit of ready given. The authority to use this key is given to truth?

every member of the Church after baptism. This is, "Wherefore, he that preacheth and he that receiveth,

of course, the gift of the Holy Ghost. With this gift, understand one another, and both are edified and

our permanent and priceless possession as long as we rejoice together.

are worthy to use it, we can have enlightenment on "And that which doth not edify is not of God, and our personal affairs; and further, we can understand is darkness.

the truth contained in the messages of those who speak "That which is of God is light; and he that receiveth

to us by the Holy Ghost. light, and continueth in God, receiveth more light;

In the 50th section of the Doctrine and Covenants, and that light groweth brighter and brighter until the the Lord has made very clear the principle of comperfect day.

munication between teachers and their students: "And again, verily I say unto you, and I say it that

"Wherefore, I the Lord ask you this question—unto you may know the truth, that you may chase darkness

what were ye ordained? from among you...."(D&C 50:1325.)

"To preach my gospel by the Spirit, even the ComAt all times, each of us should be worthy to hear forter which was sent forth to teach the truth. the whispering of the Holy Ghost for our personal

"And then received ye spirits which ye could not guidance, to learn, and to teach truth and to bring us understand, and received them to be of God; and in into communion with our Maker.

this are ye justified?

"Behold ye shall answer this question yourselves;

nevertheless, I will be merciful unto you; he that is

weak among you hereafter shall be made strong. Matthias F. Cowley, Wilford Woodruff, History of His Life

"Verily I say unto you, he that is ordained of me and1617.Labors (Salt Lake City: The Deseret News, 1909), pp.

BY PRESIDENT

S. DILWORTH YOUNG

OF THE FIRST COUNCIL. OF SEVENTYofthe Spirit

APRIL 19S6 321 Ilu> Ihitsidiiuf ttislu>pM mhts l**m*i

jm John E. Griffith, bishop missionaries call on them. In just a few short

of the Westchester (New weeks, these five asked for baptism.

York) Ward, was horn in Such an experience as this has a special place

Utah and is vicepresident in a bishop's book of memories—special

of American Foreign because it marks what the Spirit of the Lord: Steamship Company. He often does through teenagers.

jL ""mf has served the Church Another lovely teenager visited the Mormon |gL, j, previously as a Sunday Pavilion and quickly realized that something &?mk. tIsB School teacher, ward clerk, wonderful had come into her life that day.

stake missionary, and high councilman. She filled out a referral card indicating her

interest, and shortly thereafter missionaries called at her home. Initially her parents did

not share her enthusiasm, and, in fact, they opposed her involvement; however, they soon

TEENAGERS AND THE SPIRIT OF acquiesced and gave their permission for her

THE GOSPEL to receive instruction, and finally their approval for her baptism. Her spirit and her

prayers could not be denied. And in time her

A beautiful seventeenyear-old girl visited the parents will gratefully thank her for them.

New York World's Fair and entered the Still another fine family has joined the

Mormon Pavilion. She listened attentively to Church as a result of a teenager's conversion.

the words of the missionaries. She watched The parents and grandmother were taught

the soulstirring film that told of Man's Search in turn and each joined the Church.

for Happiness. In her heart she felt that her A young boy embraced the gospel and his

life and the lives of her loved ones would sister follqwed him. Now both hope and

never be the same again. After telling her pray that their widowed mother will accept

parents and her brother and his wife of her these wonderful truths.

experience, she returned with them to visit the Yes, the gospel's spirit is undeniable—but

Mormon Pavilion. Their hearts, too, were equally undeniable is the spirit of the gospel

touched, and the family requested that as it shines from our Father's choice teenagers.

b

y% CCJA

L JI

* Vj 4

**... ff'#*#*#t f/# ####* in tin* survive ui tjimr 1'nlhnr Imiitfjs.

322 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Israel Abbott, bishop whom I was looking. It seems that someone

of Philadelphia had received a membership and checked the (Pennsylvania) Ward, telephone directory for a name without is a native of Nevada and bothering to see if it was the right person.

has lived a full life after Back to the membership record I went. The

having been reported person I was looking for had been born in a missing in action in suburb near Philadelphia. I checked the

World War I. He is a directory of the suburb and found two people

former Sunday School with the same name. I chose the first one,

superintendent, branch president, counselor telephoned, and asked if he knew of any in a district presidency, and missionary. member of his family who might be a Mormon.

I thought I detected a gasp of joy on the other end of the line.

"I'm the man you're looking for,"he exclaimed. "I'm so glad you finally called.

I've been trying everywhere to find a branch of the Church. I was baptized in the service

but couldn't find the Church after I returned home. I decided to sit tight and hope the I'M GLAD I TOOK TIME TO TELEPHONE! Church would find me."

Although I was unable to see his face,

As the new bishop of the farflung I could detect the happiness and gratitude in

Philadelphia Ward, one of my first desires his voice. I gave him the address and times

was to track down and get acquainted with of the meetings of his branch. Several months

all the ward members. The unknown names on later at a baptismal service a young man

the list proved the biggest problem, and it approached me and said, "You're Bishop was made more difficult by the sprawling Abbott, aren't you? I'm so grateful for your

city. It was like looking for a needle call several months ago. My brother and

in a haystack. sisterin-law are being baptized today. In a

One of the names on the list was a young few weeks my wife will also be baptized.

man who was apparently a convert. An address All this just because you took the time

and phone number were given, so I telephoned, to telephone."

only to find that it was not the person for Their joy was evident—and so was mine.

i/r* #f#Y* o#fIt/ in tha hwvUh* o/ t/offf* Hint MOSIAH 2:17

APRIL 1966 323 Mr %M Spring High... Spring Free...

... Spring Clean... Spring Forth

TODAY'S FAMILY FLORENCE B. PINNOCK,

EDITOR

Spring is the dawn, the peep of day, the sunrise simmering curiosity, hot after new facts; or a burning,

of seasons. This longawaited period is a gift to man relentless curiosity, wanting to know what is cooking

as a reward of valor. He has lived through the cold under the lid, what is around the corner, or what is

and bleakness of winter and now bounds into a season on the other side of the tallest mountain. Besides

of light. Days begin earlier and nights are held back wanting to know "what,"he is curious about "why"

longer. The very air is fresh and has a buoyancy that and "how."The world is a question mark for him,

is lacking in the other seasons. and he wants answers. This fortunate person is only

This newness hundreds of years ago held an event satisfied with firsthand discovery. He's restless, and

never before enacted: Christ was resurrected; he spring turns on his curiosity full force.

lived again. We can lead our children into this world of the

Easter and spring are token reminders of this. inquiring mind. A curious child is alert, questioning,

He lives eternally, and we too can live forever. and growing.

Each day is a step, a smooth or rugged step, toward How can we as parents encourage this? First,

eternity. we must never ignore one of his questions. Even

To live well is to learn, to develop, and to grow. when he is young, we can go to sources and answer

Many a person is born with a thirst for knowledge, his questions truthfully. Second, we must guide him

and in every case, this person is curious. His might by questions about subjects he is interested in. We

be a backof-thestove curiosity, just lukewarm; a can seek together for answers. He feels our interest

324 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA and he grows in direct proportion to it. We build no boots on and you had to get across four feet of

together, playing this game of ask, seek, and find. running water? If you were home alone when a

Each of us will grow in the process. We can make stranger rang the bell and asked to use the phone?

learning exciting by frosting our answers with enThis list can go on and on, but in the process, lessons thusiasm. This world and all that's in it is special. We are taught.

can clasp hands and walk along curiosity's road. Another game to play with the children is this:

Another way to stir a child's interest as well as teach What would happen if hydrogen and sulphur were him is to play "case study"games. mixed together? If you mixed the colors red and blue

One game begins with questions: What would you together? If you fed your dog nothing but candy?

do if the electricity were off and it were very dark If you had never learned to swim and your boat and you were taking care of your little sister? capsized? If you climbed into a cave alone and didn't

If the bathtub were running over with scalding know its extent? Again we learn by imagining circumwater and it were up to you to do something? stances that we must control.

If scalding grease had been spilled down the Spring reminds us that if we are to live lives that front of your shirt, and you were alone? If a are interesting, worthwhile, and full, we must be alive

stranger asked you to go in his car with him to show physically, mentally, and spiritually. We must be

the way to the drugstore? If rain were coming into imaginative, curious, and wideawake in order to soak

the basement and ruining the contents? If you had up and retain knowledge. This is growth.

APRIL 1966 325 Sauce for Sandwich

Spring High Spring Clean Mix together 1 cup mayonnaise, Vz

Spring Free Spring Forth cup chili sauce, Vt cup sliced, ripeSpring olives.

The Egg and Ideas Chill several hours. Form into croEgg a la King (6 servings)

quettes, dividing the mixture into

At Easter time the egg has be10 parts. Mix 1 slightly beaten egg 2 cups medium white sauce

come the symbol of new life. Pretty and 1 tablespoon water. Roll cro- (use 2 tablespoons flour to each

baskets are filled with colorful, quettes into P/2 cups cracker cup of milk hardcooked eggs. All of this is well crumbs, dip into egg mixture, and 6 hardcooked eggs, sliced

and good on Easter Sunday, but the roll in crumbs again. Let stand in 1 2-ounce can mushroom pieces

question is: What can we do with refrigerator half an hour. Fry in 2 tablespoons chopped pimiento

these eggs the following Monday, deep fat 375 degrees F. till golden 2 tablespoons chopped green

Tuesday, and Wednesday as the brown. Drain. pepper

little ones tire of cold, hardcooked eggs? If dozens of eggs are cooked Egg Sandwich Add the other ingredients to the

and perhaps just a few eaten as white sauce and serve piping hot

Easter eggs, what then? Following Mix chopped, hardcooked egg over hot, splitopen baked potatoes.

are some delicious, nourishing ways with chopped, stuffed green olives, to use the hardcooked egg. salad dressing, and chopped green Easy Eggs ( 4 servings

onion. Spread on thin slices of rye

Egg Divine (6 servings) bread. Cover with a leaf of lettuce 1 can condensed cream of celery

and another slice of buttered rye soup 1 10ounce package frozen bread. Vz soup can milk

broccoli, cooked and drained 4 hardcooked eggs, sliced 6 hardcooked eggs, halved and EggSalad Sandwich 2 tablespoons finely chopped deviled green onions 1 can condensed cream of mush- 6 hardcooked eggs, put through 1 cup cooked green peas room soup ricer or chopped fine 2 tablespoons butter 1 can condensed celery soup Vz cup finely chopped celery Seasonings to taste

P/2 soup cans milk Vz cup drained sweetpickle relish 2 tablespoons salad dressing Vz cup salad dressing Heat the milk and soup. Add the

1 6V2ounce can flaked crab meat Onion salt to taste other ingredients, heat, and stir

Dash of pepper gently to prevent scorching. Serve

Blend the soups, mayonnaise, and over crisp, hot waffles. Top with

milk. Add the crab and season to Mix and spread on buttered wholegrated Parmesan cheese.

taste. Arrange the cooked broccoli wheat bread and serve with spiced,

in a shallow casserole and place hot tomato juice. Cocktail Sauce

deviled halves of hardcooked eggs on top of broccoli. Cover eggs with Ladies'Club Sandwich Vz cup mayonnaise

the soup and crab mixture. Sprinkle 1 tablespoon catsup

with grated cheese and bake at 350 For each sandwich use 3 slices of 2 teaspoons lemon juice degrees F. until hot and bubbly. buttered toast. Top first slice with 2 teaspoons horseradish

a combination of chopped hardVz teaspoon paprika

Queens Egg Croquettes cooked egg, dry mustard, pepper, XA teaspoon Worcestershire sauce (10 croquettes) and salad dressing. Top with 2 drops Tabasco sauce

second slice of toast. Add slices of 3 hardcooked eggs, minced

3 tablespoons flour tomato and avocado, and 3 strips of % cup milk crisp bacon, and a leaf of lettuce. Mix all ingredients together and

1 tablespoon butter Top with third slice. Peg with serve over seafood cocktail.

Dash of salt and pepper toothpicks. Cut into quarters

8 hardcooked eggs, chopped diagonally. Serve points up. Egg Dip

2 teaspoons minced green onion 2 tablespoons minced parsley BigBrother Sandwich 1 4V2ounce can deviled ham 4 tablespoons chopped pimiento 2 tablespoons chopped stuffed 1 teaspoon salt For each serving, butter a sixinch green olives

Dash of nutmeg round slice of rye bread. Place 1 teaspoon prepared mustard

Vi teaspoon dry mustard butterside-up on dinner plate. 1 3-ounce package cream cheese

Cover with lettuce and thin slices 3 hardcooked egg yolks

Make white sauce by melting the of Swiss cheese. Top with thinly

butter and adding flour, salt, and sliced chicken, turkey, or ham. Add all ingredients together and

pepper. Gradually add the milk, Spoon sauce over top and garnish blend. Add a little cream if softer

stirring constantly. Combine the with sliced, hardcooked egg and consistency is desired.

sauce with all the other ingredients. crisp bacon. ( Continued on page 328

326 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA to build...

A manmade mountain of pure food energy..

Since starting operations at Lehi, Utah, in 1891, U and I Sugar factories in Utah, Idaho, Washington, and other western states have produced a 16billion-pound mountain of pure U and I Sugar! Hard

to comprehend? Then try it this way: that's enough sugar to provide

a fivepound bag for every man, woman, and child on the earth—all

three billion of them!

During this same seventyfive years, U and I Sugar has built an industry valued totally in all operating areas at approximately eighty million dollars. It provides a stable cash crop for farmers, and

a multimillion-dollar annual local labor payroll. Each year U and I

purchases in each operating area millions of dollars'worth of goods and services (ranging from fuel coke and limerock to building materials and office supplies)... and pays more millions of dollars for

transportation services and taxes (which help build schools and highways and support various government services).

Nature's pure food energy, sugar gives you the vitality you need to stay active... helps you burn up calories instead of storing them as fat.

Its only aftertaste is the energy - * you feel. -*"*"

U and I Sugar is the West's best source of this pure food energy.

It's your home sugar—locally

grown and refined. Doesn't it HIT10'<*W ll

make sense to always buy U and I?

Iff SUGAR kip PURE NE GRANULATED

APRIL 1966 327 EGGSMORNING, $ NOON, AND NIGHT 25,000 RECIPE MADE 1. Cover cereal with eggnog for

added nourishment.

2. Serve poached eggs topped

with chopped green onions.

3. Serve poached eggs garnished WITH RED STAR YEAST! with minced parsley. Eggs can be

poached in tomato juice.

4. Serve shirred (baked) eggs

with Parmesan cheese.

5. Try fried eggs topped with a

spoonful of hot chili sauce.

6. To fry eggs just right, coat

skillet with butter. Add eggs, turn

heat to low, add V2 teaspoon water, and cover. Cook eggs until done to

your liking.

7. Slightly beaten eggs are used

for thickening and coating. Wellblended eggs give light texture to

Top BakeOff prize winner: Golden Gate batters and doughs. Wellbeaten

Snack Bread by Mrs. John Petrelli of eggs are used as leavening. WellLas Vegas, Nevada. And she used Red beaten egg yolks, thick and lemonStar Yeast. (Surerising, surely fresh!) colored, are used as lightening

Try this cheese-y, onion-y loaf youragents and give fine texture. Stiffly

self! Recipes at the store near The Red beaten egg whites, standing up in

Star Yeast display. peaks but still moist and glossy,

RED STAR...THE OFFICIAL BAKEOFF YEAST hold air that expands when heated

and raises mixture.

8. Keep eggs in refrigerator and

1 i i: r don't wash them till ready to use.

9. To hardcook eggs, put them

in cold water and bring to boil.

Cover pan and set aside for 15

Preserve the Inspiration of minutes. To peel, crack eggs, put

them in cold water, and let them stand a few minutes; the shells will The Improvement Era come off almost whole.

10. eggs: Sprinkle To season In Beautifully Bound Volumes

tarraover thyme baked eggs. Add

gon to creamed eggs. Add savory

The Mountain West's finest bindery and and mustard to deviled eggs. Add

printing house is prepared to bind your marjoram to souffle.

collected Improvement Era's into fine 11. To make Soup Egg Chinese:

hard cover volumes. Mail or bring the Add slightly beaten eggs to hot

editions you wish bound to the Deseret boiling soup and let the egg string.

News Press. 12. Scrambled eggs: To 6 eggs

add Vz cup milk, Vz teaspoon salt, 12 issues in hard cover $3.90. Advance and Vi teaspoon pepper. Beat the

payment must accompany all orders eggs, milk, and seasoning with a

Please include postage if volumes are fork. Heat 2 tablespoons butter in

to be returned by mail. a skillet. Pour in the eggs and turn

heat low. Let set slightly, then lift

POSTAGE RATE FROM SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH and turn until eggs are cooked to

Zone 5 1.05 your liking. For zip and variation,

1 & 2 65 6 1.20 add sharp cheese, or minced green

3 75 7 1.40 onion or parsley and drained chili 8 1.60 85 4

sauce, or crisp crumbled bacon.

13. For Golden Eggs, add

chopped, hardcooked whites to cream sauce. Serve over toast and

garnish with grated egg yolks.

1600 Empire Road Salt Lake City, Utah

328 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Wonder what to serve when you have friends in?

Why not tryPostum?

HOME, SWEET HOME Home is a feeling, a wonderfully fulness make a house into a warm, peaceful feeling. If it is peaceful, loving home.

there, it can be felt as soon as one For fun, some evening after Instant enters a house. This feeling changes family hour have a candy pull. This

a house into a home. Each member salt water taffy is easy to make and

of a family adds to the whole atso good to eat.

mosphere. Peace comes from one winbeveragperson understanding another. Minted Salt Water Taffy C REAL

ingredientEmpathy is an which, No Caff/n) stirred together 2 ounces unsweetened chocolatewhen by parents and children, results in warmness, IV2 tablespoons butter in peace, and in a feeling of love 1 cup light corn syrup and security. The ability to under- 2 cups sugar

stand how another person feels is 1 cup hot water priceless. If a mother and a father V2 teaspoon essence of peppermint

can teach their children to be sen- 1 teaspoon salt sitive to the feelings of others, a V2 teaspoon vanilla guidepost in this home building has been passed. Love will be the Melt the butter (do not brown);

result, never criticism, when one add the grated chocolate. Combine

can walk in another man's shoes. the sugar, syrup, salt, and water. Flavorful, hearty Postum

Teach a tiny person that feelings Cook over high heat until sugar is just naturally encourages can be injured more easily than well dissolved. Lower heat slightly good talk among friends.

stirring to legs, the If feelsarms, without or backs. cook and he pure, Made with

in tested cold soft ball stage are things said unkindbad ( when when ingredients energyfood is ball it ato will hold the syrup that him, the water remind him same with his sister or brother. when molded between thumb and and no caffein,

Insist that unkind words are not finger ). Remove from heat, add the Postum gives you a natural lift.

spoken in the home. It is untrue melted chocolate and butter, and You can drink all you like.

that sticks and stones can break our stir only to blend. If you haven't tried

bones but names can never hurt us. Pour out on a buttered marble Instant Postum lately,

platter. far large slab or hurt, candy at As deeper, doNames

you're missing a satisfying, slightly, edges. in the fold cools at thattimes, than can moment we

realize. When cool enough to handle, bracing drink.

A house is a home only when its pick up and stretch. Add the You'll enjoy its natural lift.

members are kind to one another. flavorings and pull until it will

It is as important that a big, strong hold its shape when stretched out The Natural Lift father or brother be tender and into a long, thick rope. Cut in biteSend name and address

in it is separately size pieces. as that thekind mother Wrap forfree Postum recipes to:

It will paper. in the make about are gentle home. waxedand girls

Kindness, gentleness, and thought90 pieces. FBP Postum Recipes,

Box 1040, Kankakee, Illinois.

Postum is a registered trademark of General Foods Corporation.

APRIL 196G 329 Times that Try Not earing, she asked, "Get the no more. He just stood there, star-

(Continued from page 291) seed?"ing at her, like a defiant little boy.

"What's the difference?"he exMaybe it was best not to follow up

"I'm right here,"she said, and a ploded. Then, more like himself, now. Tomorrow would be a calmer

reddish glow penetrated the room "I'm sorry, honey. Guess I'm upset, time, for cold logic and sound

as Bill touched the light switch. too."thinking, together. That would be

"Oh. Hi."His face was dusty. It "No seed,"she said. "Where does the wiser course. She went to him.

was also unhappy. that leave us?""I'm sorry about this morning,"

"This one's been a dilly,"she "Out!"he snapped. "We're getshe said, drawing his face down

said. ting out!"to hers.

"Yes. I'm sorry I left you in it.""We—what?"He did not respond. "Yeah,"he

"I've been in them before,"she "No point in kidding ourselves, said. "Me, too."

said. Laura. We might as well give up."The wind died with the sun, and

His voice was bitter. "That qualiHis voice was tense. "This whole the darkened day turned to black,

fies as the understatement of the place can go straight to dust."quiet night. After an age, the new

year."Shocked, she waited, but he said day dawned bright, with only a distant haze in the air to remind them

of yesterday. Hesitant to face the

necessary cleanup, Laura stacked the breakfast dishes, and hurried outside, glad to be able to breathe air once more. Now was the time

tell to that too she him had decided I THE WHEN IT HAPPENSIF IT SPOKEN to leave, that she had made up her a WORD before had. mind he.HAPPENS..

She looked in the barn, the corral, the garage, but she could not

RICHARD L. EVANS find him. Then, beyond the buildings, she saw his lonely figure

In an essay, "On Tranquility of Mind,"Seneca wrote some sentences plodding across the windravaged, concerning the disappointment, the discouragement, the sorrows that all plowed field. She walked out onto

of us are sometimes subject to. "No one could endure adversity,"he the scoured ground, and then, seesaid, "if while it continued, it kept the same violence that its first blows ing Bill kneeling and digging into

had.... No state is so bitter that a calm mind cannot find in it some it, she stopped. Better to let him

consolation.... It rs possible to soften what is hard,... and burdens come to her.

will press less heavily upon those who bear them skillfully."1 If the She waited, reviewing the day

first news we have, the first impact of accident or illness, of disappointand the night before—a bitter day,

ment, of death, of loss of a loved one—if this continued with its first acute a more bitter night. Bill had reintensity, we couldn't carry it. And sometimes people say: "I couldn't mained sullen, different, changed.

stand it. I couldn't bear it. I couldn't live if this should happen to Beaten—that was the word. Beaten

me."But when it happens, if it happens, they do stand it, they do bear into the dust. And now she waited

it, they do live with it, they do adjust to it. They change the pattern for him to have done with his

of their lives to fit the facts, and do what has to be done. We do learn checking and rechecking of the

to live with problems. We do learn to carry what we cannot alter or land which had held promise and

avoid. This all suggests these two or three further thoughts. It suggests now held nothing.

that time does have a healing, softening influence and often is the only He was in the field to the west of answer to what at first seems unbearable and unacceptable. This further the house. Southward, the reassursuggests that we avoid, if we can, making final or farreaching decisions ing bright green of new alfalfa

to the aridity contrast offered sharp at first. sorrow.in a time of sudden be impaired judgment Our may We

Bill. She surrounding looked back situation. in anger, to think, to assess to pray, the Decisionsneed made

in acute illness, in sudden sorrow, are not likely to be wellseasoned toward the house, and a twinge of decisions. But with time, reality and reason come to our rescue and misgiving shook her. She had come

in this place, to love the short time decisions philosopher ancient mature.help that are more us make An

it. It to she'd seemed had known "thesaid that greatest misfortune of all able to bear misis, not to be

fortune."- None of us live through life without some scars, some disapbe God's own chosen paradise at

pointments, some crises, some acute facts to face, and what we thought first. There was a freedom in

we couldn't bear, we do adjust to. Hold on. Don't give up. Don't lose farm life that she had loved and

faith. Don't despair. Take time enough to pause, to pray, to reappraise, treasured.

it only yesterdayto think things through before making any unalterable decision. With Freedom. Was

to plotted seek freedom? she had patiencetime and and faith, we do learn to live with what we must

trust in she her so weak, was Was to live with.learn

God so flimsy, that a mere dust

J Seneca, Moral Essays: "On Tranquility of Mind."storm could destroy everything that

-Bias (fl. 570 B.C.), Greek philosopher. was fine and good between her and

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia the man she loved.

Broadcasting System, January 23, 1966. Copyright 1966. She thought of the neighboring

330 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA NONDRINKING DRIVERS:

farms, of others facing the same problems. She thought of the

original dust bowl days—the dirtythirties, they called them—when If your present insurance man

faith had carried many farmers through both depression and dust.

They had survived, and later prosafter thirty in years,pered. Now, offer you this bargainotherspite of land contouring and WONT

measures, the cycle was completeit was another dry, dusty spring.

"These are the times that try men's souls,"Tom Paine had said.And then more of what he'd said...WE WILL!

flooded into her mind like a meteor.

"The summer soldier and the sunshine patriot will in this crisis shrink.... What we obtain too "All the protection of

cheap, we esteem too lightly:—'Tis most standard auto

dearness only that gives everything its value...."policies—PLUS EIGHT

True, Tom Paine hadn't been ADDITIONAL BROADER thinking about dust storms and COVERAGES... andfarms. But he could have been.

His thoughts were of freedom. Yesit will cost you less

terday, she had been a summer solthan standard rates!"

dier, a sunshine patriot. Today....

She ran out across the field, stumbling now and again. Bill, Wm. N. Plymat, President

seeing her, quickened his steps; she Preferred Risk Mutual

was out of breath when she reached Insurance Company him. "What is it, honey? What's the

matter?""Bill,"she cried, "you didn't loweroffered a better insurance If your you man policy—atreally mean offer? his Of course accept you it—what you said last thanstandard-rates—wouldnight? Did you?"bargain! Risk Preferred genuine That's a would. you

"What I saidlast night? What Mutual's FAMILY AUTO POLICY—for nondrinkers only

Laura?"you mean,do you all

said—you'd "You ADDITIONAL, the protection ofBROADERstandard autoCOVERAGESpolicies leave—let the—offersPLUS EIGHT

place go to—dust. You didn't mean—AT LOWER COST than standard bureau rates! If your

it, did you?"present insurance man won't offer you this bargain

He frowned. "Maybe,"he said. WE WILL!

"Why?"MONEYBACK GUARANTEE

"We don't have to do that, Bill. ASK FOR YOUR PERSONAL RATE QUOTATION TODAY—

( Continued on following page ) Look for your Preferred Risk Mutual agent in "Yellow Pages,"or

INSURANCE CO.

AGING Please send me, without obligation,2150 So.complete2nd West,informationDept.on466your automobile insurance for Total Abstainers,

BY JESSIE EASTMAN HOLT I am a total abstainer, and have had no accidents for the past 3 (Checkor 5one)Q years.

Name. Address 'have had my

So swift is time about his task, driver's license

So hitor-miss his goal, City State.years.

He snatches at our strength but Occupation No. of Cars in Family I have taken a

leaves driver training Our zest for living whole. Make of Car Model.Year No. of cyls course. Yes p No

Car Auto Is Used for: Circle Owner

Insurance of This BusinessHe withers flesh upon the hone, Car MYSELF PRINCIPALDRIVER ALL1. OTHER2. DRIVERS3. MyExpires:

Replaces dream with truth, Pleasure BIRTH DATE Month

But, absently, forgets to tame To and from work SEX Day.

The fierce, wild heart of youth.....miles one way MARRIED Year.

America's first Total Abstmimtr's Automobile Insurance Company

Not available in New York, New Jersey, Maryland, Massachusetts, North Carolina, or Virginia.

APRIL 1966 331 THIS We can make it, I know we candust, we'd better quit right now!"

right here!"She smiled through unHis arm swept around her waist,

expected tears. and he pulled her to him. It was a

"What are you trying to say?"wonderful kiss—one that no dust

he puzzled. "I thought you were storm could ever erase.

READING IS THE FOUNDATION fed up—all these dust storms—"Walking toward the house, she

OF ALL KNOWLEDGE "Forget the dust storms!"she said, caring now, "What about

broke in. "Other folks have stayed seed?"

total accumuof man's The sum "It's car,"the in he worse their land—through He grinned. writwith lated has been knowledge

it rain said. "I figured these. take we'd back—There'll be times than in... collected books. ten down

The key to unlock this vast colone of these days—this drought if you wanted."

lection is the basic ability to can't last forever!"She squeezed his hand. "Let's

to understand what read and this time,"she fist. "If deep a tiny She shook we plant it down parasentences words, and the

like us."deep, and courage have enough said. "Down Parents can and don't mean. graphs

must give their children this faith in each other—and in God—to "We will,"he said huskily. "From

important key... and show them fight back against ajlittle wind and now on!"

how to use it

YOU ARE INVITED TO MAKE SURE!

AIR will pi'ovide the necessary testing the reading tools for ability of your children. You Teaching or of using a visualaid that has

can administer the test in the (Continued from page 293) nothing to do with the lesson obpi'ivacy of your own home with jective. Others are so shallow in

the help of a LP phonograph in the mind's eye of his listeners. their preparation as not even to

the completed mail record. You objective. the stories an as a To do means prepare planned his He to Headquartest Testing AIR

is to to first or fail do the second ideas the desired reinforcing he in Angeles, ters where it of Los will be professionally scored to teach. Was his lecture a sucmake a conceptual junk yard of the

and evaluated. The results will cess? Absolutely! At the close of presentation. Such errors confuse

so to you you returned be to the contradictory his issue and are discourse, can the audience even child sure your for how know of instrucfor purpose the fundamental unusual applauded, was which in subthis important stands ject. There is no cost or obligathe occasion. tional entertainment.

tion to you whatsoever for this Brother Friendly said, "I agree One speaker stood on his feet and your request Send review! to with what you are saying. Yet, why said, "I have a story that has no Advisor, the American LDS

Incentive to Read, 2015 West is the word 'entertain'so frebearing on what I'm going to say."

Olympic Boulevard, Los Angequently misused?"Later a listener said, "I rememles, Please 90006. California story, the bered but not for what he an Together probed we

desired, tests of state number say."to therefore speaker finally had The question. to his answer We and Stake Church your Ward,

position. concluded that one often assumes did not entertain properly, and his

that to entertain is to hold interest listeners did not learn because he of pupils without a worthwhile did not "maintain in the minds of educational purpose. Certainly, one his listeners"the objectives of his

can entertain without teaching talk. Instructional entertainment

valuable principles. We see this that leads to learning is at its best

with many performers on television when everything said and done programs and in movies. Enterrelates directly to a central objectainment is possible without a sigtive of the presentation. One must

nificant learning experience, but a also keep in mind that instructional significant learning experience is entertainment is not the only innot possible without entertainment. gredient essential for learning to

Is there justification for the gospel take place. Techniques to stimulate

speaker or teacher to condemn and the principles of understanding,

AMERICAN discard the principle of entertainrepetition, conviction, and application experienced must be by a stuit is frequently simply because INCENTIVE ment is fulfilled. learning dent before misunderstood and misused? If we

TO READ answer naively in the affirmative, As Brother Friendly and I parted, 2015 West Olympic Boulevard we must also eliminate the learning he said, "I'm on my way to prepare to entertain my class. In the nextzd m Los Angeles, California 90006 principles of repetition, understanding, conviction, and applicalesson, I want to excite their minds

tion, for they, too, are considered toward thinking better than ever

S FASHIONCONSULTANTS thatto be aresoundfrequentlyprinciplesmisused.of learningAll before."As he moved toward the door, I

WANTED IN ALL STAKES entertainment engaged in by gospel reassured him, "It is your job to

Lingerie with speakers and teachers should be teach gospel truth, and the only i sleeves, displayinstructional entertainment. way you are going to do this effecing the elegance tively is to entertain teachers pupils."speakers and make your Some

of modesty.

story error of telling Delightedly the joke or "Agreed!"a he replied,

Call or write:

251 1 South West Temple Salt Lake City, Utah 4862359

332 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Hottest Brand

. Going..

...anywhere!

When it comes to good things for your car, you just can't buy better petroleum products than Conoco... Hottest Brand Going—anywhere.

YOU CAN COUNT ON CONOCO... HOTTEST BRAND GOING

1964, Continental Oil Company

APRIL 1966 333 COMPLETE LINE OF BIG NAME SPORTING GOODS

WILSONRIDDELL-SAND

Since Cumorah over, the picture of Joseph borne

Softball Uniforms (Continued from page 297) far over the seas in his own boat

colors in stock—Alland design 'the Twelve Patriarchs, except for while all the other tribes paddle "-combinations

some minor interpolations, is defiaimlessly about clinging to whatnitely a preChristian work. ever support they can find is even

Suppliers of the The recently discovered Hebrew more arresting to the reader of the

Official AllChurch version of the Testament of NaphBook of Mormon.

Tournament Balls thali (one of the Twelve) tells of Professor Philonenko of Strasthe contest between Joseph and bourg, notes that the Testament of fevens Judah. In it Naphthali sees Israel the Twelve Patriarchs attaches "an

altogether particular importance"rown SPORTS as a ship at sea, "the Ship of phone: Jacob.""As long as Joseph and to the garment that Jacob gave to

Judah got along together the ship Joseph. The Testament of Zebulon

says that twelve) the (one of sailed calmly but and well, when SOUTH 1176 EAST 48777261*12 1ST garments, one good two had C Joseph LAKE SALT ITY, UTAH quarreling out between broke

Joseph and Judah she would not and one bad; 100 this takes us, of

sail in the right direction but course, right to Moroni's discourse

DOWNTOWN COTTONWOOD The wandered and was wrecked."100 of the remnants of Joseph's garThe Book of Mormon student will ment, which gives a fuller version

Pom healthful of course think immediately of the of things—one that I have found

family quarreling of the brothers on elsewhere only in Tha'labi, the best

Drink Lehi's ship, which accordingly was informed of all Moslem commendriven off its course and nearly tators on Jewish traditions.

Pero instant cereal beverage is foundered; and he is licensed to do Tha'labi also has some very inmade from roasted barley and so, because Alma hundreds of teresting things to say about the

rye, contains no caffein. Everyyears later discusses this as a type preexistent Joseph: "Most scholars

one in the family will enjoy it, and an image. For these people say that Joseph is a Hebrew name

hot.served... said that Abu-1-Hasan... and things also be real, can oz. cups) 39c symbolic (351% in the is 'sorrow'language, talks of "Joseph, as when Lehi my asaf for or 10 3.50

7 oz. (150 cups) 1.39 lastborn, whom I have brought and asif is 'servant,'and the two are

or 4 for 5.00 out of the wilderness of mine affliccombined in the name Joseph."101

on 35c postageAdd identification of Joseph The tions"symbolic 3:3)—a (2 Nephiton, size; 55c on large small3%size cartax authentic Asaf is indeed anin Utah. all that a very with wilderness, but for

real one. Hebrew tradition. Adam in a

When the ship of Jacob breaks vision "saw Joseph sitting in all up, according to our story, all the his glory, and cried out, 'Who is brothers cling to floating planks that noble one sitting in such an and are thus borne away by the exalted degree of glory?'And

winds and scattered in all direcGabriel answered, 'O Adam, that is tions, except that Judah and Levi thy son, the envied one....'Then

cling to the same board, while Adam clasped him to his bosom

Joseph alone is able to get away in and his heart and said, O my son,

New course in IBM Computer a lifeboat. The most striking do not sorrow [asaf], for thou art

Technology begins September feature of the account is the rivalry Joseph. Thus he first gave him his

20, 1966 between Joseph and Judah—why name."The writer is puzzled by

career, paying a good want If you but these particular two? To the stuthe preexistent situation and exto attend the time or not have money do

four years of college, investigate "LD's"dent of the Book of Mormon this plains that "Joseph knew it all in 18month automation program now. Write will appear as more than a coincithe beginning in the preeminence

to Mr. Al Saunders:

dence, for the coming forth of that of his intelligence, and he was inBusiness College LDS

E. South 411 Temple book in the last days portends the structed in the matter [of his future

Salt Lake City, Utah reuniting of those two brothers vicissitudes] even as it would be, (the joining of the Stick—book or and he saw that he would be so

tribe—of Joseph to that of Judah) and so before he was. But that is LDS DECALS as the necessary prelude to the a thing that only God understands

DECALS 25c each GOLDEN QUESTION for use on books or automobiles. Wholesale gathering of all the others. More-—how, for example, Adam knew all

retail dealers and wanted.

SERVICE GREETING CARD COMPANY 4937 South Durfee Avenue Pico Rivera, California 90661

334 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA [his children's] names beforethe cistern were the type of descent look out upon the same scene, but hand."50 - The expression "before he the Lord made to the spirits in from different distances and at

was"occurs a number of times in prison. 100 One can readily see how different angles. They are "mirrors

both the Scrolls and the Khenobosthe Joseph type would be applied reflecting the same source,"as kion writings and is explained in to any suffering servant, though the Leaney puts it—offshoots of the

the Gospel of Truth of the latter Messiah remains the archetype. same trunk. 111 The Scrolls, says

collection. 10 "Its earliest occurrence The Teacher of Righteousness, for Father Milik, are "essentially an

in modern times, as far as I know, example, is also called the Just One, authentic projection of the Old is in the 1851 edition of the Pearl Asaph, the Son of Berechiah, JoTestament,"with a special brand of Great Price, where at the beginseph the Just, Joseph ben Joezer; so of piety, "oriented toward intimate

ning of the "Book of Enoch,"we that he actually "appears to us as a union with God and the angels."1 -

read: "I am God: I made the world, composite figure,"according to Each of these statements expresses

and men before they were."103a Schoenfield, just as his wicked remarkably well what the Book of

The mystery of Joseph appears opponent does. 107 The Joseph traMormon claimed for itself at a time

in Benjamin's admonition to his dition has been traced backwards when the idea was considered children in the Twelve Patriarchs; as well as forwards, and Bo Reicke blasphemous of the mere existence

"... follow the example of the holy has found significant parallels in of anything that could be called

and good man Joseph. For until his the Ras Shamra fragments of the "an authentic projection"of scripdeath he was not willing to tell fourteenth and fifteenth centuries ture. Today the world possesses a

regarding himself ['No man knows B.C. 108 mass of documents that not only

my story'!]; but Jacob, having Since the Dead Sea Scrolls are vindicate the idea of such writings

learned it from the Lord, told it to but "the opening of a tiny window existing and surviving but make it him [Benjamin]."101 In the Dead on to the life and customs of a possible to put various unclassified

Sea Scrolls the famous Teacher of remarkable group of people lost to writings to the test as they appear.

Righteousness is also called Asaph, history,"109 it is surprising when we The value of both the Qumran and that being, as we have seen, one of look through other windows to find Nag Hammadi texts is that they are the names of Joseph, which "thus ourselves looking at much the same both links in a long chain, not fits in with the Joseph tradiscene. The phenomenon is exbeing at either end of it but sometions."10 "'Jacob blessed Joseph, acplained today by the fact that the where in the middle: the conneccording to Benjamin's testament, Scrolls and other bodies of Jewish tions run forward and back. "There

saying, "In thee shall be fulfilled and Christian scripture all draw on is some evidence,"writes F. F.

the prophecy of heaven, which says a common source. Thus, Gilkes Bruce, "that certain beliefs and

that the blameless one shall be notes, Deuteronomy, Isaiah, and practices akin to those maintained defiled for lawless men, and the the Psalms are Jesus'favorite at Qumran reappeared in other sinless one shall die for godless sources, "which appear to have communities, possibly under the men."According to the Testament been the favorite reading also at influence of men 6f Qumran who

of Zebulon, Joseph's three days in Qumran."110 The windows actually escaped destruction."113 Cullmann

sees such a survival in the Mandaeans, and Schoeps in the Ebion-

A PRAYER AT EASTER ites. In the other direction, Qumran

BY ILA MAY FISHER MAUGHAN itself is such a survival, consciously

The centuries have dimmed Christ's sacrifice seeking to preserve the inspired

And veiled his simple truths in mystery leadership and customs of ancient

Till men are groveling in vice—in sin, Israel in the desert; there, as K.

Unwilling and unfit to hear or see Kuhn points out, "we get hold of ways. His ways would change glory The of his the fundamental source of John's bring patterns and humanity The - of

Sufficient succor to suffice all needs, Gospel, and this source is PalesSufficient mercy that all men might sing. tinianJewish,"but not the conGrant us, O Lord, thy peace, the faith toe need ventional type: "Not, however,

To heal the sick and hold the wandering, PharisaicRabbinic Judaism, but a

To check this reign of errors tragic gloom PalestinianJewish pietistic sect of

And rid the earth of useless suffering. gnostic structure."111 Like the CopPlease grant thy children strength and fortitude tic texts from Egypt, the designaTo build on truth till peace be earth's again; tion of these writings as "gnostic"

To work until the hush of harmony

Can penetrate the selfish hearts of men. simply serves notice that their real

APRIL 1966 335 background is still unknown. But "that has been commanded by the C. F. Potter, "almost what once was

it was certainly old. "The Qumran hand of Moses and by the hand of called providential,'in the fact that

covenanters,"writes Bruce, "bound all His servants the prophets."They the 'Dead Sea Scrolls'... and the

. were both disthemselves by a new covenant, but were quite aware of the need to Gnostic codices..

it was not so new as they thought; preserve intact the ways that went covered in the same year.""Both

it was... a reaffirmation of the old clear back to Moses. The Nag Hamraised the curtain on a background

covenant of Moses's day."11 "'But no madi books are just as insistent in of the church that no living man

one knew that better than the tracing all their teachings and dreamed of. It is a background of

covenanters themselves, the openordinances back to the ancients, great breadth and depth, going ing lines of whose Manual of even back to Adam himself. back many centuries in time and

Discipline declare the object of the "There is something unusual and covering vast areas of the Old society to be the carrying out of all coincidental,"wrote the skeptical World. It is the same background

from which the Book of Mormon, by its own account, emerged. The

Book of Mormon shows us an earlier phase of things but a phase that has left its mark in later docu- \.. UPON YOU IN YOUR ments.

..."(To be continued) YOUTH

FOOTNOTES U3M. R. James, Apocrypha Anecdota

RICHARD L EVANS 7,(Cambridgebeing Vol.University,2, No. 31893),of Textspp. 174and

Studies, J. A. Robinson, ed.

la Mamiscrits de ""DupontSommer, on "depends Goethe, said time,"given nation, at any of destiny any"The R. H. Charles. p. 211; Morte, Mer this to fiveand-twenty."its Add under of opinions young menthe II, 282, and Pseudepigrapha a Apocrypha

is under the population half of all statistic—that startling some at thesomewhat of comparisons table the If. See 29

twentysix years of age. This focuses on the fact that the whole future back of G. Molin, Die Sohne des Lichtes.

et d'Histoire in Revue Philonenko, 'M. is in "It youth,"are young. is those of in the hands so now soon who

p. Religieuses, 39 (1959), Philosophic de prejudices; habits chief and plant our "that Franklin,said we Benjamin 28.

.. life is determined; character public private in the and youth ChreInterpretations... Les;iRPhiIonenko,

1 the Patriall publicity. and adverse des Despite Douze youth."des Testaments tiennes well from to beginought

overplaying of the negative side of the news, despite the acts and attiarches et les Mamiscrits de Qumran

Universitaires, p. Presses 1960), (Paris: conviction with a population, part of the we come of a dissidenttudes

to 50. prepared are better commitment, andthat youth, both in character of the The Testament Jonge, M. de

meet the future than has sometimes been so. The Lord God has trusted Twelve Patriarchs (Assen: Van Gorum,

123. p. despite witness, 1953), and well will as scripture past the in peopleyoung

op. 100Philonenko, cit., in footnote 97 that youth a conviction with negative, of the come reporting wemuch 33. above, direction the beginnings, yet the future. the faith with Andwill keep 52. wlIbid.,p. 50, pp.

matter very much. George Washington, whose character from boyhood n02Tha'labi, Qissas alAnbiyah, pp. 75f.

was a striking example of the maxim that "the child is father of the,n?The Gospel of Truth, folio XlVr (p.

27). to youth his nature in from of turning a scarcely shadow i showedman,"t ediLiverpool io3apear p r ice; Qrea charresist attacks on his to that enabled him qualitiesmaturity. The cf. 6:51. 1; tion, p. Moses 1851,

- a into person a moves honesty. c. 3. Benjamin, When and outspoken 10iTestament honor acter were of

place of public or private prominence, his life begins to be searchingly m'H. J. Schonfield, Secrete of the Dead

MitVallentine, Scrolls (London: said: Sea it should be urgently most to those yet young,examined. And 131. chell, 89, pp. 1956),

is Life happens being built. the record and instant hour day andEach 4:1-4. ChrisZebulon, Testament of

quickly. From easygoing youth to the heavy weight of responsibility is tian fathers worked out elaborate paralshort and swift. And the young would wisely live with an awareness lels between Joseph and Jesus, e.g.,

Latina, 167: in Patrologia Migne, Rupert, with say that live they can so very and matters much, record thethat 518530. 3 448f,.."said "Consider,"Raskin, life apology. is not anEmerson: "My cit., the 150. op. p. W7 Schonfield, On

.".. "Our youth. in lies your responsibility you. upon Wiesenber, see E. heavy of Joseph,"what Son Messiah

deeds still travel with us from afar, and what we have been makes us in Vetus Testamentum, 5 (May, 1955) 4 306. set p. deserve, as they and trust the are."young us to God helpwhat we Arshok, in Exeget Reicke, Svensk I08Bo as us into follow they will betray that not them example anbefore them 5-30. especially Sadek, V. See pp. 1945,

the future. "Der Mythus vom Messias dem Johne

Josephs,"in Archiv Orientalni, 1965, pp.

2743. Autobiography. Franklin, 'Benjamin

Characters in History,"The Improvement Era, December 1897, pp. 77, 79. -'Willa.rd "Young Done, 109Y. Yadin, The Message of the Scrolls,

SelfReliance.:1Emerson, 189. Middlemarch: ch. 70, Heading. p. 'George Eliot,

110A. N. Gilkes, The Impact of the

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia Dead Sea Scrolls (London: Macmillan,

Broadcasting System, February20, 1966. Copyright 1966. 1962), p. 146.

336 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA aSSt

Marion D. Hanks, Editor Elaine Cannon, Associate Editor April, 1966

P <*.%

Dl

i

.> iff fj

Left to right;

lenore jtyhaupio, Malcom Ogawa, Stanley Natividad,

Richard? Keil, Evelyn Hubbard, Ikuko Kato,

student at The Church College of Hawaii

WIIOB, one of JUST TODAY our neighbors told He wanted all about the service to know and asked about -D me a young your man age who questions. has many Could he find friends had who

brought six persons into the Church since he arhis same standards? Would he be near church

rived in Viet Nam several months ago. What do groups and be permitted to associate with them?

you think about that as a missionary experience Would he see combat? How should he prepare for

and harvest?"what lay ahead?

A few minutes later the three of them left the "No one can say for sure what your circumroom, and the bishop stood by the door smiling stances will be, Bob,"the bishop told him, "but gratefully. He thought of the response he'd seen there are some things you can do to get ready.

in Bob's eyes as the 19year-old's imagination had I suppose the most important thing to start with been caught by the question. The smile was one is attitude."

of affection and sympathetic understanding. The The bishop referred to his own experiences in

bishop, too, had been called from school and work the armed forces as he testified to Bob of the and the security of home and loved ones to fulfill importance of the great adventure he was under- a military assignment in wartime. He could retaking. "Military service can be a depressing and

member his own feelings, and he could imagine destructive undertaking, Bob,"he said, "but it the anxieties the mom and dad were experiencing. needn't be, and for you it must not be. Many of For many, missions and all the other normal us had been on who missions discovered that we activities were jeopardy. now in The national in were a position to effective do far more work

emergency was again causing limitations on the for the Lord than we had ever done in the mission number of eligible young men who could represent field. It can be exactly the same for you, if you

the Church as missionaries and Bob and many have the wisdom and maturity to understand the others of his generation called would be into the nature of your opportunity, and if up you make service without that experience behind them. that your mind it will be a mission. You will very

shy, been Dad had almost apologetic for being likely have the opportunity to fulfill formal misin the bishop's office, yet anxious to this have sionary service in the future, will and you dochoice, muchloved son receive the encouraging wonderfully effective work then look if you uponcounsel the bishop could give him. Mother was this experience as first your mission and make ittearful, apprehensive for her himself boy. Bob a successful one. if can You you will."

showed his disappointment, but he was plainly When Bob left the bishop's office, he went with willing and ready to serve where he was needed. a very different feeling from the one with which

f ve been planning a mission.

it but...

by Marion D. Hanks

he'd arrived. He was going on a mission after all He knew that he would be tested and tried, that

—a mission for God and country! It would be he would face opposition, be forced to choose, be

tough and demanding, but with the right attitude privileged to sacrifice to pay back some of the and effort, he could and would make it. Bob cardebt he owed for the blessings of the gospel and

ried with him a folded paper with some words he the great heritage of his home in a free land.

had written as the bishop had explained how he He carried from the bishop's office a copy of a could be a missionary. These were the words letter written during World War II by a soldier

who had met a Mormon boy in a hospital, and <?me, food ani m\ Mrtnj. whose life was changed by the experience. It was

[jsetiwe. effectively, vJ\$e\y. $o&\t v\w& not very grammatical, and the spelling was imUary\, read, pernor \-ie.r\\\ mmd to'tHi <\ook JhiVuf$. perfect, but it brought a tear to his eye and a chill

! He was going ll\e friewfe, *&Jwe \uitin$\6M,'ieAcM'faem. to his spine. He got the message

on a mission!

tivei qo&p&l.'fte chutfu\ bepahevfi \?i deanThe letter:

Dear Sirs: Truf bod- U>ve Christ I am writting this letter, in accordance with my will and desire, which was a result of a few hours always $on&- in an Army hospital.

There I met a soldier who was a Mormon. I be-

I fraikeir u)ijk1ke $a\rks ixikeriev&v you cm. camereceivedinterestedwords thatin havehis religion.lived. SinceThroughthen him,I have

3t a dfstir&j or stake miitmaq. read a Book of Mormon.

I would like to receive information as to where I may purchase other books on the Mormon religion, so I may find understanding and find wisdom.

I have a great desire burning within my heart to learn of the Mormon religion, even to pertake of it.

This Mormon soldier had something far greater than any other man I have ever met.

Where is the nearest Mormon chapel to me?

Sincerely yours, John

APRIL 19S6 339 Thoughts of an Anxious YMMIA Superintendent as he pondered over in his heart the problems of our youth and how he can best serve them.

by G. Carlos Smith, Jr.

General Superintendent, Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association

I paused in my work for a brief moment today, to ponder a thought or two. My eyes carried me to the

stately Wasatch Mountains; however, my vision did not stop there.I saw Joseph and Hyrum and the others huddled in the dungeon at Liberty. How ironic—"Liberty."

I saw Joseph happily striding through the heat and dust from St. Louis to the promised land—Jackson County.

I saw the broken hearts, the bitter disappointment, the evacuation from beautiful Missouri.

I saw and felt and heard the weariness, the anguish, the pain!

I saw him, yes, Joseph, in all his great majesty, humbly witness to the world that [Christ] lives!

For we saw him, even on the right hand of God...."(D&C 76:2223.)

It would have been so easy for the flesh to weaken—to shrink from the constant torment;

But God had spoken—the spirit responded;

Joseph never faltered.

Now I sit and ponder my commission.

My mind sees almost a million choice sons and daughters of God—the youth of the Church.I recall my youth—my hopes—my desires.

Do they think as I thought?

Do they feel as I felt?

Do they dream as I dreamed?

his cloth; heirs to for mold, all of conclusion are the kingdom the same same weMy is—yes

".. the only. that true thee Jesus God, theyTheir and might need was know Christ, whom my need::

thou hast sent."(John 17:3.)

youth of a noble birthright, It is so!

God lives; Jesus is the Christ

The kingdom is yours, and tomorrow it will be in your hands 1 see my duty clearly; sv

My mind ceases to wander. Jrar Sk i

I am once again at my desk.

This idea, this suggestion, this thought

I will discuss with my devoted associates.

We will not fail you, our young friends.

We will help prepare you For your ministry.

340 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA by eu)or<uMrs. George Romney

AS I TRAVEL throughout our state and. nation,

I am saddened to observe that many seem unaware of the joy and blessings that come with making right choices. How blessed are we as Latter-day Saints to have the message of our Savior

reaching us forcefully through living prophets today, giving us understanding, guidance, and inspiration.

In the revelation concerning the Word of Wisdom, we are told that even the weakest of the

Saints can comply and receive the blessings. These

Leonore Lafount Romney blessings even to the weakest are so magnificent is the wife of Governor George Romney of that I decided years ago that I was going to

Michigan, formerly president of the Detroit Stake. qualify—that I couldn't afford to live without

Sister Romney has enjoyed a remarkable life as a them. How desperately we need wisdom and

wife, mother, actress, radio performer, civic leader, treasures of knowledge! How important that we

church worker, and first lady of Michigan. be able to run and not be weary, to walk and not

Sister Romney has been singularly honored by many. faint

The privileges of marriage and parenthood are She has brought distinction and honor to the so magnificent that to preserve their sanctity is

Church, the nation, and to every enterprise in not a sacrifice but a sacred trust that enlarges which she has participated. and expands all that is good and wonderful in

these most blessed of human relationships. The

Book of Remembrance absolute standard of chastity for a girl and boy, as they move toward this glorious relationship, is

Regarding our March book of rememone of the most important of the Lord's commandbrance article, be sure to read the ments. A girl's womanhood blooms for the first

article beginning on page 294 in this time with her husband, and a boy's manhood beissue. The Priesthood Genealogy procomes complete, for "man is not without the

is the woman without gram for 1966 suggests that items of a woman in the Lord, neither the man."scrapbook nature should be kept separate from the book of remembrance, The gospel of Jesus Christ stands for joy and

which should contain items of spiritual fulfillment. It blesses us with such wisdom and

strength that we can meet every situation while significance. we live in the world but choose to live in a different way than does much of the world.

APRIL 1966 341 GUI np

SOMETHING

TO LOOK FOR in a pottery class One day someone asked me why by Helen B. Wiscomb I wasn't using guide lines, I and I explained that

didn't know I was supposed to.

That day I had an assignment to create a "slab pot."The text explained what it was, but instructions for making it were lacking in detail. It suggested the use of a rolling pin to prepare a flat slab

that could be cut into shapes suitable for making a rectangular or cylindrical form. The book gave edgejoining instructions but it didn't mention "guide

lines."The person who had questioned me was an advanced pottery student. He smiled and told me it

wasn't absolutely necessary to use guide lines, that one could go muddling along without them and accomplish the task, but only half as well. (He

wrinkled his nose and added, "And you won't like your pot!")

He brought me two rulerlike pieces of wood about onefourth of an inch thick. He showed me

that by placing these wooden guide lines on opposite sides of the clay, the clay slab could be rolled to uniform thickness, regardless of physical pressures exerted. There would be no highs and lows in the

slab and the end result would be far more pleasing.

As I worked, I mused... such a little thing,

but so very helpful. The wooden slats actually made

the task easier, more pleasant, and I don't have to begin again and again.

342 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA LINES

As I mused about the wooden "guide lines"it occurred to me that each day I was overlooking many other guide lines of a different nature. One can go

muddling through all of life and get by without guide lines, but how foolish to try, when using them could make each experience and each accomplishment so much more rewarding.

Some Guide Lines Taking a closer look at our experiences reveals numerous guide lines to assist us in molding the shape of our life.

Home evenings... when the entire family turns

its attention to an uplifting discussion that always seems to fill a particular need at that moment.

Prayer... a familiar act learned as a child. But

until we discussed it during a home evening, I hadn't realized that the Lord might enjoy talking with us on a personal basis, with our relating to him the day's events, much as we might recount them to our earthly parents. I learned that we could never know

real closeness with our Creator unless we learned to regard him very personally, confiding in and relying upon him.

Many joys could be ours with just a little diligent

classroom, our searchingeverywhere—infor "guidethe scriptures,lines."Theytheare all about us,

relationships with others. We must look for them.

And once found, of course, we would be wise to use them.

.'

APRIL 1966 An introduction by TT WAS groundbreaking time for the Church College

President Owen J. Cook * of Hawaii, 1955! President David 0. McKay, addressing citizens and church members gathered at Laie,

declared, "This is the beginning of the realization of a vision I saw 34 years ago, when one morning... I

witnessed a flagraising ceremony by students of the

Church [elementary] school here in Laie. In this little

group of students were Hawaiians... Haoles (Europeans), Chinese, Japanese, Portuguese, and Filipinos.

We visualized the possibilities of making this the center, in accordance with the dedication of the land years ago, for the education of the people of these islands."Today at the college, as in the 1921 church elementary school, there is a mixture of races bound in common purpose by friendship, and in brotherhood by the gospel. Three main groups of students are numerically wellbalanced: Caucasian, Oriental, and Polynesian, each contributing culturally to the others.

Students from the Great Pacific Basin know that this school has made higher education possible. Some

who come may not have had the benefit of a high school education because none was available. Some

would have no opportunity for higher education in their countries because of highly selective educational systems which provide this benefit to less than ten percent of the high school graduates.

Some arrive at the Church College of Hawaii with nothing more than a change of clothing, but with a great desire for an education. For these students there

are work opportunities. By performing custodial,

maintenance, and secretarial duties at the college; or

dancing, demonstrating, or guiding at the Polynesian

Cultural Center, they acquire money for board, room, and tuition. During the summer months they augment

their close budgets by working in the Honolulu business houses, or in the pineapple fields or canneries.

As these students grow spiritually and pursue their academic studies, one reflects again and again on the

Church College of Hawaii ringing"... thewordspurposeof ourfor whichProphet[theleader,college]Davidis O.beingMcKaybuilt

is first, the things pertaining to God and his kingdom, a testimony of the existence of Deity, and what that means toward peace, establishing peace in the world.

Secondly, that those who are obeying those principles will develop manhood, character, and make noble men It What and women. The world needs them. One man has

said that the world needs men who cannot be bought or sold, men who will scorn to violate truth, genuine gold. That is what this school is going to produce.

More than that, they'll be leaders. Not leaders only Means in this island, but everywhere. All the world is hungering for them, and best of all, the world is recognizing them."

We here present a representative sample of our

Church College of Hawaii students. To Me

344 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA MARIE NIN TIVA I ELI HERMAN PALEKA m Northland, Rotuma, Fiji Maui, Hawaii

New Zealand (Junior) J JjW*"=-* P (Senior) (Junior)

To traverse 4,500 miles of the Pacific During all the years I have spent at I came to the Church College of

Ocean to attend Church College entailed the Church College of Hawaii, one Hawaii with no goal in mind but to see preparation, faith, a testimony, and phase of life here is most prominent in what college life was like. I had no idea

homesickness. my mind. I came all the way from what this college would be like nor did

A great part of my life here is spent Rotuma, Fiji, to share a unit with seven I know about its religious aspects.

at the Polynesian Cultural Center where other girls—five from states on the The behavior and conduct of the

I perform as one of 150 dancers in the mainland, a local Japanese girl, and a students impressed me. Most of them

most lavish Polynesian show in the Hawaiian girl. seemed different from other students I

world. I have found the center to be a Above all else are the wonderful had known. They were a cleanliving

fine missionary tool, for there we have moments our unit members share toand cleanspeaking people, never drinkmany opportunities to explain the purgether. I greatly cherish the closeness, ing or smoking, and very religious.

poses of the majestic temple and collove, and warmth that we experience These students were also serious lege nearby, the missionary program, through our family home evenings. Not about their religion and always willing

our personal goals; to broaden our outonly do we have the opportunity perto share it. To me, this religion called

look on life; to appreciate and undersonally to express the love and appreMormonism seemed quite strange and

stand our fellowmen; to develop talents; ciation we have for one another, but we different from the rest. For two years

to become more knowledgeable and also are able to kneel together in prayer I tried to find loopholes in the remarkwise, educationally and spiritually; and to thank the Lord for our friends and able story of Joseph Smith, but I could

to strengthen and achieve the goals of families near and far and for those who not.

peace for mankind made this experience here possible.

ANGELA CHAN 'INOKE FUNAKI Hong Kong 'Eua, Tonga (Junior) (Sophomore)

Not until I came to the Church Colperienced. I felt the spirit of the Lord The Church College of Hawaii is a

lege of Hawaii in 1963 did I gain my was with me, telling me, deep down in wonderful institution. It offers both

testimony and true understanding of my heart, "This is the true Church of academic and work scholarships, loan the gospel. That was four years after I God."privileges, and other aids that facilitate

joined the Church. The gospel was Though I am far away from home, I to a great extent the educational purbrought to me in Hong Kong by two feel that I have a big, lovable family suits of most students. The inviting

missionaries. At that time I believed at Church College. It seems natural for opportunity for these aids is a chalthat the gospel was true, and I had a me to seek the love and help of my lenge to everyone, regardless of his

strong faith; my knowledge of the gosSavior and to cultivate brotherhood nationality.

pel, however, was very limited. Because among all the different peoples on this Another interesting feature of the

I had a sincere desire to learn more wonderful and beautiful campus. Church College of Hawaii is the large

about our religion—its true doctrines I fasted, prayed, studied, asked quesrepresentation of many nationalities.

I enrolled at the Church tions, listened to authorities of the Each group is distinguished by its ownand teachings—

College, the ideal institution for acquirChurch, including President David 0. unique way of life. Although differences

ing academic knowledge as well as reMcKay at the dedication of the college, do exist, each group contributes someligious teachings. and I could come to only one concluthing that makes this a college of which

My testimony has been strengthened sion: This church must be true. we can be proud.

by witnessing the spirit of the Lord On November 19, 1960, a fine SaturBut rising a little higher, we find the working in my friends'hearts. For me day morning, I was baptized into The spiritual aspect even more important.

it was a joyful moment when I saw my Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday The teachers direct much enthusiasm roommates and friends rising from the Saints. When I came up out of the toward the spiritual growth of youth.

waters of baptism on the beautiful ocean after my baptism, I knew that I Two hours of class work each week are beach, with the golden Hawaiian sun had found the truth, and I was grateful devoted to studying the scriptures, rising from the distant horizon. What for the college experiences that brought church doctrine, and the divinity and

a testimony I gained at the sacrament it to me. mercy of God.

meeting when I heard my schoolmate, I feel secure here. There is work so

who had previously stuttered, bear her that I can earn my college expenses.

testimony, fluently and without painful My testimony is strengthening daily, hesitation. It was the most meaningful and the spiritual teaching is increasing

and happy moment I have ever exmy understanding.

Campus of the Church College of Hawaii

346 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Temple of The Lord

I know the descriptive phrases of this place.

"The House of the Lord, A house of holiness, A house of love, A house of peace."

I feel the holiness. I sense the love, but I have no peace.

Perhaps I have too much imagination or too little faith.

This place opens the door to eternity.

I look through but I am not comforted.

I am a tree that has born fruit—three goodly branches

Worthy of the parent stock, adding strength and symmetry to the tree.

But the male limbs are being twisted by the blasts of adversity.

One reaches towards the light but is wrenched downwards.

The other has no upward glance, content to trail upon the ground his heavenintended attributes.

I am a tree that has born fruit.

I stand in this holy place.

I look through the door into eternity but I am not comforted.

I shall know no peace until all my branches rise straight and true toward thee.

A Mother

APRIL 1966 347 A 17year old convert looks at THE PRIESTHOOD

There is nothing in the universe so powerful and effective as the power of the priesthood.

In every age when the gospel of Jesus Christ has been upon the earth, the God of heaven has chosen from among the children of men certain...the representatives to whom he could delegate

authority and power to act in his name. The

scriptures refer to this authority as the priesthood of God—the power delegated to man by God to

act in his name upon the earth. jjoweT Through the power of the priesthood the earth

was formed. Such spiritual titans as Noah, Melchizedek, Abraham, and Moses were blessed with

this priesthood. Divinely called to serve the Lord,

they became spiritual leaders among men. f Called and Ordained

When the Son of Man came to earth in the meridian of time, he chose twelve special witnesses or disciples. He laid his hands upon their heads ciPaflon

and ordained them to the same priesthood the prophets had held centuries before them. He sent by John L. Brackt

them unto all the world to teach the word and build up the kingdom of God. Others were called

and ordained, for "no man taketh this honor unto himself, but he that is called of God, as was

Aaron."(Hebrews 5:4.) And how was Aaron

called? Through revelation. He was ordained into

the priesthood by the laying on of hands by those in authority.

Priesthood is the energy behind the plan of salvation. We are all upon the earth in obedience

to the plan that our Father in heaven presented in the premortal life, which we gladly accepted.

We are here to fulfill the plan of salvation by progressing through eternity to ultimate perfection. To help us fulfill that destiny, to guide,

inspire and lead us to obtain that goal, the Lord has instituted priesthood among men, a means of divine government to sustain their progress and spiritual achievement.

Priesthood in Ancient Israel Ancient Israel was blessed with the priesthood and lost it because of unfaithfulness. When the

Son of God came among them, he found them in a pitiful state of apostasy from the truth. They

were false ministers, barren of the spirit of God and bold and proud in their selfrighteousness.

Christ established his church and kingdom in the meridian of time upon a foundation of apostles and prophets. After his death, dissension and

disputation arose within the church. Apostasy

again set in. With the martyrdom of the apostles,

348 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the foundation of the church collapsed, and the day of darkness came. In the decades and centuries

that followed, the precious truths of the gospel were lost, the church corrupted and changed. Men

assumed divine authority and presumed to ordain others.

In time, religious reformations emerged from a world newly awakening in the search for truth and light. But no Moses, striding forth from the

* heights of Sinai, came to lead the way from bondage into light. The Luthers and Calvins in

their own way paved the way for the day of restoration, but only a prophet of God could usher in such an era.

The Heavens Opened

In the year of 1820, the key unlocking the door to that vital event was turned. Joseph Smith

sought truth and wisdom among the confused religionists of his time. Failing to find it, he

sought for an answer directly from heaven, and his prayer of entreaty was fulfilled. The heavens

opened again, and Joseph beheld in glory the

Father and the Son.

Even after this marvelous vision, Joseph Smith needed the priesthood in order to function as a prophet. Messengers from heaven brought him

that authority; the Church was again established / upon the earth, and the plan of salvation was once

more revealed to man. In the years that followed,

others who had held keys of the priesthood in their own ages returned to restore their powers and authority. Through Moses, Elijah, and others,

divine authority was reestablished upon the earth.

Authority from God Priesthood does not originate with man. If

there is no revelation directly from God, there can be no divine calling to the ministry. We must

still listen for the voice that said: "Ye have not

chosen me, but I have chosen you."

The priesthood of God is present in The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. David 0.

McKay is a prophet of God. The authority to

administer in the ordinances of the gospel—to

baptize, to bestow the gift of the Holy Ghost, to blessspirit—isand heal,on theto preach,earth totodayhave inthethegiftsrestoredof the

Church of Jesus Christ.

John Bracht, seventeenyear-old priest who has been a member of the Church just a short time, is from Greenwich

Ward, Sydney Stake, NSW Australia.

His article is condensed, but it reflects the testimony and conviction of a choice young man.

M by Elaine Cannon

A sundae supper can happen any day of the week like Sunday after church, or Saturday before the game, or Friday after school is out, or Thursday following the play.

A sundae supper can be sandwiches in assorted sizes, salad in a crock, or soups in fanciful mugs, but sundaes make the spread.

Here are some fresh

Still the king of treats in any crowd, the hamburger takes on new importance with a new dimension. Serve

a kingsize hamburger and the raves will be all yours.

Mix dough according to directions on a package of hotroll mix. Form into one big bun on a pizza pan. Bake

and cool. Slice into two layers. Meanwhile, shape a round

of ground beef to fill a frying pan and fry or ovenbake it until done. (Baking eliminates turning.) Place the cooked

350 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA treatments for an alwayswelcome dessert.

1. Sundae on a Stick

Insert a skewer in a banana, dip it in melted candy caramels. Cool. Slather the tip with melted milk

chocolate, top with nuts, and freeze until serving time.

2. Sandwich Sundae

Layer thick slices of white cake or chocolate wafers with peppermint ice cream. Coat with melted chocolate and plan on seconds.

3. Chipped and Chopped Sundae

Pile burntalmond-fudge ice cream, chocolate bits, and pineapple topping in a tall tumbler. Chop through,

using table knife. Eat with delight.

Roberta Harper, Mark Spencer Have the gathering small and the fixings ready on arrival. This ritual is best performed with guests seated

on the floor around a low table. Two kinds of fondue are

suggested below. For either kind, you'll need the fondue

chafing dish and fondue forks or bamboo chopsticks that you've whittled into a sharp point on one end. A clever

touch is to take an ordinary spring clothespin and label it with each guest's name (or, if using the chopsticks, label them directly) to identify each fork.

Beef Fondue

You'll Need:

*raw sirloin, cut bitesize, allowing y2 pound per person "cooking oil to fill chafing dish % full assorted garnishes arranged in small bowls around the chafing dish (horseradish sauce, sour cream and mushrooms, pineapple chunks, pearl onions, or onion chip dip, cherry tomatoes, and chili sauce.)

Boys as well as girls Heat oil to sizzling stage. Each guest cooks his own meat

can mastermind a fondue feast. to desired stage of doneness.

Nice To Serve: Green salad and bagles or biscuits

Cheese Fondue

You'll Need:

"French bread, cut into bitesize cubes *Ham chunks in bite size *V4 lb. Swiss, sharp cheddar or mozzarella cheese per person.

Left to right: Melt in chafing dish over hot water, adding Vi tsp. WorJim Beardall, Kathy Horsley, Craig Brewster, cestershire sauce, and 2 T milk per V4 '&. cheese.

Karen Green, Roberta Harper, Mark Spencer, Susan Cannon Nice To Serve: Crisped carrot and celery sticks, olives, sweet

pickles and a freshfruit platter.

hamburger on one layer of the bun and spread it with a mixture of 1 pound grated cheddar cheese and i/2 cup of chili sauce and mayonnaise.

Add a layer of tomatoes and cucumbers sliced thin and cradled in lettuce leaves sprinkled with dill seed.

Cover with top of bun. Garnish with cheese flags on

toothpicks and serve on your prize platter with pride.

Cut in wedgeshaped pieces at the serving table.

Left to right:

Susan Cannon, Jim Beardall, Karen Green

The Last Word

IH I never knew what it was, as yet, to Dare to be a Mormon.

fear the face of clay, or the influence Dare to stand alone.

of man. My fear, sir, is before God. Dare to have a purpose firm.

I fear to offend him, and strive to Dare to make it known!

E. Petersen;keep his commandments.—The Prophet—from Elder Mark

Joseph Smith, September 8, 1842 reworded from an old hymn

Come, ye saints, look here and wonder. Huge fellow (returning to the

See the place where Jesus lay; theater after intermission):

He has burst his bands asunder; "Did I step on your toe as we

He has borne our sins away; went out?"Seated man (indigJoyful tidings, nantly): "You did, sir."Huge

Yes, the Lord has risen today. fellow (to wife): "Here we are,

-Thomas Kelly, "Come, Ye Saints"Alice. This is our place."

It's not raining rain to me, it's "You are so beautiful toraining daffodils; In every dimnight.""You flatterer.""No,

pled drop I see wild flowers I mean it. I had to look

on the hills.—Robert Loveman twice before I recognized you."*w'

Blessed is the man who, having nothWhy is it that whenever you lose ing to say, abstains from giving wordy something, it seems you always evidence of the fact.—George Eliot find it in the last place you look?

Wife: "I simply can't understand, John, why you always sit A doctor to his obese patient for

on the, piano stool whenever we have company. Everyone whom he had done all he could to

knows that you can't play a note."Husband: "I know it, dear. get her weight down: "I recommend

And as long as I'm sitting there, neither can anybody else."that you simply learn to he j oily.

Whatever your past has Talent develops itself in solitude; charbeen, your future is spotless. acter in the stream of life.—Goethe

The desire to have many books, and Neighbor: "Ricky, where's

never to use them, is like a child that your little brother?"Ricky:

will have a candle burning by him all the "In the house playing a while he is asleep.—Henry Peacham duet... I finished first."

352 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA For those who have the sacred responsibility

Building new chapels is a

sacred responsibility, for

these buildings stand as everlasting monuments to the gospel. That is why

more and more Bishops, Stake

Authorities, building committees

and Architects specify the

permanent beauty of brick.

BRICK—man's oldest building

material—in new colors and

textures presents a modern

appearance and is firesafe and

maintenancefree.

BRICK BUILDS BETTER FOR LESS

COMPANY

3100 SOUTH 1100 EAST SALT LAKE CITY

Second Class Postage Paid at Salt Lake City, Utah

Tender, loving care... a little girl for her doll... and parents for their children.

And that care includes looking ahead to children's needs in the future... to unanticipated

emergencies, to their missions and to their educations. Your Beneficial Life Agent is

a specialist in this kind of "tender, loving care."Consult him soon. For name of nearest

agent, write: Beneficial Life Insurance Company, BENEFICIAL LIFE

Beneficial Building, Salt Lake City, Utah 84110.

One of the West's oldest and largest life insurance companiesserving 11 Western States and Ohio. Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah