.

COPR. I960, VAN CAMP SEA FOOD COMPANY

it comes to tuna... itpays to buy the best When

NUTWICHES.Mx White Star Tuna costs so little in comparison to other foods, it makes sense

brand tuna (Family Size) with mayonnaise. to serve the finest—the prime fillet tuna—White Star! No other

Add chopped nuts, celery and green pepper tuna is pressurebaked in the special way that keeps White Star for crunchiness. Spread on fresh whole so moist, tender and delicate in flavor. Try the new Family Size

for at dishes, lunch salads generous sandwiches main—and wheat, rye or white - or slender french for or school. of take brand on a chance Never an unknown home

bread slices for a special party treat. tuna. You only get a bargain when you buy the best.

Finest chunk light tuna Those who prefer Fancy Pack in regular size, too! use our solid light tuna..

TUNA TUNAVVhiuG!b "tsir runst WHITEaSTARI WHtmSTAi

Enjoy the flavor of the exotic South Sea Islands

by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

Water in the Atmosphere The total amount of water in the atmosphere is very small, enough to make an average of about one inch '/"*V"> thickness when condensed or only one hundredthousandth of the earth's water. The total amount of

water on and in the solid crust of the continents percent. three is about in this CREMEFUL new cookie dioxideCarbon other on the hand

has about sixty times as much dissolved in the oceans as there is in the atmosphere. If all the salts

dissolved in the oceans were col- 6<3 lected and spread on the continents, Professor P. H.

Kuenen reports 666M6b that it would make m * a layer 500 feet # thick.

Increased Evidence

The presence of organic molecules in stony meteorites gives increased evidence for the existence of life t your elsewhere in the universe.—a fullfavoritepound onlygrocer's49c

For Basic Research Dr. Alan T. Waterman of the National Science Foundation estimates Nearly half of the entire cookie is creme—and what

that in the United States 670 million marvelous creme it is! Made from real coconut, beaten

is spent annually for basic research, and whipped until it flows smooth, thick and creamy48 percent by the government, 33 percent by industry and 19 percent then placed lavishly between two tender golden wafers.

by universities and nonprofit orThey're the talk of the table wherever served... new,

ganizations. different and most delicious. Keep some on hand.

PURITY BISCUIT CO. Salt Lake Pho( Pocatello

MAY i960 289 The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Official organ of the Priesthood

Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, Ward Teachers, Music

Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Contents for May 1960 Volume 63Number 5

Church Features

NOTICE Editor's Page: Our Missionaries: "Go Ye... and Teach All Nations"

including magazines Church 302 Three President David O. McKay

central a are mailed by the Era

Baptisms for the Dead Performed below the Surface Question: and printingYour system. mailing Why Are The

of the Earth in Our Temples? Joseph Fielding Smith 304 mailing schedules call for all

Along the Susquehanna River, Carter E. Grant, 306 ofendtheof Erasthe monthto be mailedprior tonearthe the

the on indicated 294; Moves On, ChurchThe Eras Most Melchizedek Priesthood, A New Program for Servicemen, 354; magazine.month 356. Bishopric's Page,Presiding destination their reach should

by or before the first week of

Special Features thegoingfollowingout of themonth.UnitedMagazinesStates

proper, take more time to What is An Ideal Family? Part I, W. Cleon Skousen 310 be delivered.

Gift from the Desert, Ruth C. Ikerman 313 Difficulties, which have now

caused some eliminated, been N. Evelyn Wood 314 Comprehension, Fast with Good ReadTo past the in our mailings delay 316 Taylor Nicholes Jeanne of Footsteps In the Eras your My Ancestors, months, but few

reach you in good time should Report, Lester and Joan Essig - 320 Hush HushThe in the future. 32 Young Are If You

Scholarship, William E. Berrett - 330

The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans 334, 340

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 289; These Times: The Most Important Problems

of the Next Ten Years, G. Homer Durham, 292; Faults, Alfred I. Tooke, 296; Letters and

Reports, 298; Bookrack, 301.

Today's Family:

Mothers are People, Florence B. Pinnock 358 ART AND PHOTO CREDITS:

On Being a Lady: A Feminine Girl 360 Cover:Dale Bryner,Harrisonart,Groutage302

Erie Railroad photo, 309 The Last Word 368 DaveDale Kilbourn,Burton, art,art, 310,314315,311 326

Virginia Sargent, art, 319 John M. Goddard photos, 322,

Stories, Poetry Dorothy323, 324Reed of Monkmeyer, 358

All other art and photos byTo Remove Mountains, Ora Pate Stewart 319 Era Staff

Kayaks Down the Nile: Conclusion, John M. Goddard 322

Aunt Jody, Albert R. Lyman - - 326

Poetry 312, 318, 336, 338, 342, 344, 346, 347, 353, 361

The Improvement Era Offices, 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City, 11, Utah

THE COVER: Editor; Elizabeth Associate Editor; Marba Managing Creen, L. C Doyle L. Evans, Richard and McKay O, Managing Editor;Eduor; RalphRalphJ. ReynoldsReynoldsMoffitt, FamilyFam.ly Today'sTodays B. P.nnock, remaineth, earth Associate; FlorenceJosephson, the Editorial "While C. Kinnear, Editor; ResearchEditors; John JR.!

cold and harvest, and seedtime -; and Directors.Directors. ArtArtmSlelL, Maryon,Maryon, K"foS&-andDavd iirf EdEd Editors. Sperry, Conlr.kl.nfi B. Nibley, Sidney Hugh R. Hunter, winter, and Harris, S. and Franklin and summer Durham, C. Homer F. Bennett, Archibald Director; heat, Subscription Snarr, A. Glen Manager; Business Scott, Verl F Manager; Jr.,GeneralMilton shall cease."Associate not S. night Reeder, and Bertha Manager; day General Be.ntley, T.

Representative. Advertising Regional Springtime—seedtime Evans, JosephThayer 8:22.) (Gen.

the Valley, with Utah's Cache—in

All rights Saints. Latterday of Christ of Jesus of the Church Associations in the Improvement the Mutual Temple majestic Inc., by published Logan and Funds, Mutual by Copyright issues. special for except copy, single in advance; 25c year, a $3.00 subscriptions, foreign in advance, year, a price, $2.50 has i960Subscription Groutage reserved Harrison distance. Act section in for 1103. provided of postage rate special for at mailing Acceptance matter. as secondclass City, Salt Utah Lake Office, Post the cover. at Entered the painted Era

1918. 2, authorized July 1917, of October ol-1....lAc,.the rate at acceptance for on are paid Manuscripts contributions. welcomes but manuscripts unsolicited for is responsible not Era Improvement The

return. delivery and for postage sufficient by accompanied be and must a word full in color Address lithographed magazine. the of Cover issue slip from address include please a change, address. of When for is change required notice days'Thirty Press. News by Deseret is included. one as well the newordering as address old unless the cannot be made changes

290 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 1. STORIES FROM

MORMON HISTORY ai3U* Alma P. Burton and

Clea M. Burton

Fascinating, little known STORIES FROM stories from Mormon history MORMON are collected together in this single volume for speakers and teachers to spark up their speeches and lessons. Fulfills

a real need for LDS family libraries.

2. A READER

FOR THE TEACHER

Compiled by A. Hamer Reiser READER

Outstanding articles by some FOB '"- of the greatest teachers in the TEACHER

Church, past and present, The Instructor from magazine, 3. FAITH IN A in this H compiled are now

tti DAY OF UNBELIEF singleall areasvolumeof religiousfor teachersinstrucin

David H. Yarn, Jr. tion.

Looking for a book that explains the Church to nonLDS

itfriends Here TO ZION 5. HANDCARTSis thought-::- i<mm&;:—stimulating,or neighbors? (Pioneer Edition) LeRoy R. Hafen crysreading thatprovoking

tallizes the "First Principles"'and Ann W. Hafen

in form and gives a compact:xmifejiailrvMmm Thispioneersis the (18561860),story of the handcartnearly to psvis! *.W Jn surprising answersmany

such questions as, "Who has three thousand of them, who authority to administer in:;: pushed handcarts over thirteen

church ordinances, etc. hundred miles of wilderness

I 95 country. Included are passages

from original journals and BffiH diaries, rosters of members who made these treks, and numerous 4. YOUTH OF THE illustrations.

NOBLE BIRTHRIGHT A series of Fireside Addresses given recently by the General 'MlAuthorities of the Church of DeseretSitiooh Co>

Et South Temple - Salt Lake City. Utah., -Jesus Christ of Latterday RV3HT.44

Saints, offering sound, downDescret Book Company toearth advice to young 44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah people who are dating and Gentlemen: Enclosed you will find check money

order I have ancontemplating marriage. account. Please charge. Amount enclosed:

$ for encircled (numbered) books: I 75.:..: '

3 4 5 12 Name Address City Zone State Residents of Utah include 2'/i% sales tax.

MAY I960 291

These Times YOURE AT HOME...AT SEA!

Crossing to Europe or cruising to vacationlands, you'll feel right at home aboard a Cunarder! Your accommodations will

be spacious, elegant, delightfully comfortable. Your meals, specially prepared

from Cunard's famed international cuisine, will provide a new, wonderful experience in dining. You'll enjoy the interesting variety of shipboard activities...

a chance to meet congenial companions.

The service will be flawless, considerate, The Most Important Problems complete—backed by Cunard's 120 years

of seagoing experience. of the Next Ten Years

GO CUNARD—for widest choice of

sailings, ships, and accommodations to by Dr. G. Homer Durham

President, University of UtahEurope. Yearround—an average of Vice

three sailings every week from New

York including the Queen Elizabeth and

Queen Mary, world's largest superliners. In the eyes of Selwyn Lloyd, Secto diminish. People tend to become

to conservative. wish for They Affairs of more Foreign retary of State for your choiceCRUISE CUNARD—are have. they maintain following what the They Kingdom, United the

exciting cruise vacations.of Cruising or

less likely violent in improving to be are important the matters four most crossing, Cunard offers a seagoing resort problems for the next ten years: their situation. Appreciating their

vacation you'll never forget! First: The effect of higher standown gains, they may be more tolerards of living in Russia. ant of the problems and properties

See your travel agent! Second: The growth of Comof others.

munist China's industrial and miliThis line of thinking has to be

Getting there tary strength. counterpoised against the maxim,

is halfthefun! Go theThird:effortTheon successthe partor failureof thoseof "thewants."moreThereone has,is anthe elementmore onein

countries with higher standards of communist doctrine (their view of living to share their prosperity with economic imperialism, for example) the lessdeveloped countries. which suggests that (except under

Fourth: The success or failure of socialism!) any increase in the CUNARD the fight for the standards of tolerstandard of living sets in motion

ance and human freedom in ordinary forces which lead to war. The Rusaffairs. sians have made much of this docMr. Lloyd offered these thoughts trine of "capitalist imperialism."It

in a speech to the General Assembly could be unsafe to assume that the of the Council of Europe in Strasimprovement of living conditions in bourg, January 21, 1960. (The Counthe USSR thereby guaranteed intercil of Europe is an organization of national accord for the future. What

fifteen countries in Western Europe. the improvement means is the probIt functions largely through a general lem.

assembly which meets regularly at 2. The growth of Communist

Strasbourg.) Each of Mr. Lloyd's Chinas industrial and military

four points will bear comment. strength. If China puts science to

1. The effect of higher standards use on the same scale for its people

of living in Russia. The Russians beas has been true in Belgium, West

lieve in economic determinism. The Germany, and Japan, China theoretitheory of economic determinism cally could emerge as the greatest

includes the following idea. As power in earth's history. What are

standards of living increase, fear, the limits of China's industrial fugreed, and warlike tendencies tend (Continued on page 363)

CUNARD LINE 25 Broadway, N.Y. 4 BO 9-5300

441 Park Ave., N.Y. 22 PL 5-4300

292 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA!MAN WHAT A WONDERFUL FEELING

...the way you feel when you're bringing in a big one

...the way you feel when you drive with

FLITEFUEL Some men like the feel of a gamefish on the line. Others get their kicks

out of golf. But nearly everyone gets a thrill out of a fine automobile,

performing at its peak with today's FliteFuel. Yes, you will feel the

difference in ease of starting, in acceleration, in engine smoothness at all speeds. In a gasoline, it's performance that counts! And FliteFuel gives

you a combination of high performance components you get from no other gasoline. Fill up at your Phillips 66 Station.

>y

jtry The Church Moves On

February 1960 New Jersey Stake formed from portions of New York Stake and the Eastern States and New England missions. President

George H. Mortimer now heads New Jersey Stake, with his

counselors, Elders Robert H. Daines and Darrel L. Hicken. President G. Stanley McAllister is the president of New York Stake,

with counselors George E. Watkins and William M. Guest. When

New York Stake was organized, December 16, 1934, it was stake number 110. New Jersey brings the stake total to 292.

March 1960 The First Presidency announced the division of the British

Mission with Elder Bernard P. Brockbank to serve as president of the North British Mission. He is currently serving

as president of Holladay (Utah) Stake. The British Mission is

one of the great mainstays of the Church dating back to 1837—and

only two mission fields are older: United States and Canada.

In the final game of the allChurch Junior M Men basketball tournament, played this year at Edgehill, Riverside Stake, and Deseret Gym—three of the fine Church athletic facilities

in Salt Lake City, Richland First (Washington) defeated North

Thirtythird ( Salt Lake City ), 6446. This is how the teams finished

Richland First, North Thirtythird, St. George Third (Utah) third

place and sportsmanship award; Taylorsville (Utah); Rosecrest

(Utah) and Oakland Third (California).

The Good Housekeeping Sundays in March were busy with microphones. LDS youth

Seal g uarantees leaders and youths themselves broadcast a series of four discussions

Rancho's nationwideon the youthradioprogramfacilitiesof theof Church,the NationalwhichBroadcastingwas releasedCompany.over the

goodness! Fireside speeches by selected members of the General Authorities

were broadcast Sunday evenings over participating radio stations

Guaranteed Housekeeping1 in the West, and played by tape recording for LDS youth groups Goad *S,*VlOTlSW i!5&/ elsewhere. The gospel by radio? When did it start? President

Heber J. Grant on KSL, Salt Lake Citv, May 6, 1922, gave a short

address in which he quoted D & C 76:4042, 2324. The gospel by

television? Well, a quartet of Mormon missionaries sang before 7 the TV camera in November 1938—in Stockholm, Sweden.

DELICIOUS I VARIETIES!

294 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA START NOW! Build a Library of choice

LDS Books the Proven, Systematic

Books Club way!

Current Selection - - just off the press

EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS by DR. JOHN A. WIDTSOE

For many years Dr. Widtsoe answered for the people of the Church in an

understandable and authoritative way, perplexing gospel questions. This

book, (which was originally printed in three volumes) is a collection of the most significant of these. It is a valuable gospel reference work.

Alternate Combination Selection

YOU AND YOUR MARRIAGE and EXCEPT THEY BE AGREED by Hugh B. Brown by Mark E. Petersen

These two books, written by members of the Council of the Twelve are about marriage—how to prepare for it, how to make it work. Both books are

new; both will guide you, even if you have been married for years, in making

an ideal and happy marriage.

HO N THE LDS BOOKS CLUB PL HOW THE CLUB PLAN WORKS

SAVES YOU UP TO 20% Join by ordering one or both of these selections. Each month you will receive reviews

With every four Book Club selections you buy of several fine books... with one being

you receive a book free... thus you get named book of the month. If you want the

five books for the price of four. You select top book, you do nothing—it will be sent postyour free bonus book from a long list of paid along with a statement. If you do not

the want book, you return the postcard prochoice books which will be provided. Most vided for an alternate, at all. or none You

Church books may be obtained through the need order but one book every three months

Club; many of them carry bonus credit. to keep your membership active. I

Your membership in the LDS Books Club will help enable you to increase your knowledge of the gospel, assist you in building your testimony, and give you LDS BOOKS CLUB, P. O. Box 385, Salt Lake City 7, Utah

these additional advantages:

SAVINGS Gentlemen:

of about 20% thru a free bonus book plan. Please enroll me as a member of the LDS BOOKS CLUB and send

( ); "You and Your Mar-

( CAREFUL SELECTION me:riage,""Evidencesand "Exceptand Reconciliations"They Be Agreed,"$3.95$3.75 ).

of ALL books recommended.

CONVENIENCE Name of books delivered to your door. I

METHODICAL Addr I way of adding to your library.

BEST NEW LDS BOOKS City State.

as they come from the press.

OLDER LDS CLASSICS Amount of check or money order enclosed $.

such as the one above. (Utah residents add 214% sales tax.) If you do not wish to mutilate

Fill Out and Mail this page, send information required on separate sheet. (May 1959)

This Coupon Now LDS Books Club I MAY I960 295 Worshipful

one..

FAULTS

that adds to

by Alfred I. Tookethe &WP4MWt$0&a

of your

a seareligious service I shall always remember the holiday when faring uncle took me to watch a yacht race and let me have my first look through a real telescope. Standing on a rocky headland overlooking Auckland Bay,

I worked the telescope in and out until I got the yachts clear, then I said, "But Uncle George, they're all so very tiny. I can see them better without the

telescope."

Uncle George chuckled heartily. "Of course,"he

said. "You're looking through it wrong end first. Try

it the other way!"

I did so, and quickly exclaimed "Why, Uncle George,

Playing dimensions and console arrangethey're enormous!"

ments conform rigidly to the specifications of the American Guild of Organists. When I finally handed the telescope back to him, he

said "D'you know, son, most people use a telescope—

offers Organ A Wurlitzer at faults. they look one, a sort of mental I mean—whenrich, reverent worshipful and Churchtone—a faults right and end first people's other view They to contribution the Churchmoving

Service. that makes them look enormous, but they look at

It places at the command of any their own faults through the wrong end, and that organist an infinite range of tradimakes them appear very small and unimportant."

voices. Transmitted bytional organ Uncle George was quite a good artist and loved FidelityWurlitzer's Sound SysHigh

tem, the result is glorious organ sending little sketches with appropriate verses to his music... truly Music's Richest Voice. friends, and shortly after I got home, I received a

card from him. On it was a sketch of myself holding

a telescope wrong end first, and neatly lettered below WurliIzer Organs

FREE was: k&gjSSj 11 Church Organ It is so very easy

Fund Rising Kit to see other people's faults; 4M so very, very hard to see our own—

Wurlitzer The TT7IE560,ern r\ fDeKalb, Dept.r-v *. Company li 111.T toandthewethoughtall likethatto theirscater are worse I

about information Please | send me the than ours, which we belittle Organs. Kit Raising and Wurlitzer | Fund

I and condone.

I NAME | ADDRESS 1 CITY ZONE-.-. STATE

296 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Thayer D. Evans and the Evans Quartet practicing in the Sons of the Utah Pioneers'Museum.

Postum is the natural wholegrain drink that warms the heart

Have a cup of friendship... have a cup of Postum. So many

talented people do. Postum is made from wholegrain cereals,

slowroasted to bring out a rich, satisfying flavor. It's hearty,

healthful, hospitable.

Postum is 100% coffeefree, contains no caffein or other artificial stimulants. Ready in an instant, it's always welcome.

Make sure you always have Postum on hand.

100% coffeefree Another fine, product of General Foods

MAY I960 297 Letters

Tiffiny's beautifully styled, and

LONG SLEEVED, white fashion. Convenient front Reports

grippers conceal-........

ed in semiflared

skirt.

I *we/

*?& ** "*i':-:T

The doubletucked bodice compliments the raglan shoulder.

Long sleeves button at the wrists. V

80% Dacron 20% Pictured above, Dr. Virginia F. Cutler help that has heretofore been nonexistent.

Cotton launders like ( right ) and two Indonesian committee Sister Cutler is the Homemaking Edumagic; drip dries Cj. ofmembers12,000 examinenew dressa fewpatternsof thewhichshipmentwill cationoperationsAdviserAdministrationfor the Internationalto Indonesia Coand

ready to wear. enable Indonesian women to make their has spearheaded the project from its start.

own kebajas for the first time. An article explaining how the dressmaking

This patternmaking project has set a project developed was printed in The ImSizes 8 - 20; half sizes 1 Vh - 24 V2 precedent in Indonesia and places in the provement Era, February 1960 and is en-

$15.95 hands of the Indonesian homemaker a titled "Twentysix Hours to Make a Dress."

* Satisfaction Guaranteed * Duchesne, Utah

Dear Editors:

Thank you for the wonderful January

Era and for the very fine editorial covering the life of one of my favorite Apostles of the Lord, Elder Howard W. Hunter....

thrilled Secthe with Youth new I am forBobinsorts tion next that planning summer. you are JMEDICAL MART It should be of marvelous worth in riveting

the attention of the young and old to 331 South Main Street the great gospel teachings that are found

Salt Lake City, Utah inyoueveryand theEra.othersThanksof theagainEra forstaffalldothatin

DA 8-8156 bringing this great work forth.

Sincerely yours, Madelaine G. Horrocks

Eagle, Idaho ROBINSON'S P. MEDICAL331 SouthMARTMoin Street Pictured above are (left to right) SherDear Editors: O. Box 2226

Salt Lake City 10, Utah rill Wegner Christiansen, Deanna SteelFirst let me say how much I and my

Gentlemen: Please send white dress, size man Mobley, Sister Mildred Spens, Judy family enjoy the Era. From the cover to

for Beneadvertisement back Virginia on the Briggs of Burlington the Smith, and ficial timely, helpful and Life it is good, Stake. (Wyoming)at $15.95 pair white seamless hosiery, size-. Ward, Big Horn

at $1.25 pair. Check Enclosed, Money Order. The four girls, constituting the entire in many ways. I like the new articles

Send C. O. D class, were recently awarded their Silver on how to be a lady that have been in

Name.. Gleanerstanding awardsin theirandMIAall activities.have been Sisterouttheexcitedlast aboutthree theor fournew issues,contest andyou I haveam

Address. Spens, the class teacher, is given credit offered to the youth of the Church to

Era. girls for the inspiring the for and write stories and articles and guiding

City.. State Zone Butler Roberta awards. in assisting their achieve them

2'/2% Residents of Utah include Sales Tax

We pay postage if check is enclosed.

298 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA YOU ASKED FOR IT!

! NOW

—r Three Volumes in one...

John A. Widtsoe's

"EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS"GOHCIUATIONS arranged by G. Homer Durham

Thoughtful Latterday Saints will be eager to add this authoritative reference work to their libraries for it provides clear to the answers most puzzling and v frequently asked questions on LDS beliefs. First printed in three single C3 MOM*"U-""*

volumes, in response to increasing demand it is now compressed into one handy book that contains all the original information... and only duplications have been eliminated.

Dr. Widtsoe discusses such bewildering questions as: What is the need of

ordinances? Are there many Gods? 1186BOOKCRAFTSouth Main 5-60

Whence came the temple endowment? Salt Lake City, Utah

Does science contribute to religious faith? Where was the Garden of Eden? Please send

How can the existence of God be vericopies of "Evidences fied? Should a soldier love his enemy? and Reconciliations"for

How may we obtain a testimony? And which I enclose ( )

dozens of other perplexing problems.

check or { ) money

order for $

NAME$3 95 ADDRESS

CITY STATE..

MAY I960 299 Returned by popular demand!

Spectacular Musical Play about Mormon Battalion

May 27, 28, 30, 31, June 1 Reserved Seats, Center Section $2.50 Every church member should see this gigantic show

General Admission, Adults $1.50 which will be presented on a huge stage nearly as

General Admission, Children (under 15).$1.00 long as the football field. Top national dramatic and

CLIP AND MAIL—vocal artists will be supported by cast of hundreds.

FIELDHOUSE TICKET OFFICE Director is Dr. Harold I. Hansen, producer of Hill

Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah Cumorah Pageant; all original music by Dr. Crawford

Please send me tickets for $ * Gates. Lyrics and script by Don Oscarson. Get general

each to "Sand in Their Shoes"for the night of admission tickets from your bishop or stake president or use this coupon. Reserved seats sold only by BYU Enclosed is my check or money order for the total of $..

ticket office, directly or mail.

Name Address City... State BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

l. PROVOUTAH

Bookrack

THE STORY OF GEORGE ROMNEY: Builder, Salesman, CrusaderTom Mahoney, Harper & Brothers,

New York. 275 pages. $4.00. 1960.

As one reads this account of the significant success of a young man, and a company, and a product, one is impressed with two paramount points, among many others: the fine

line that often makes the difference between success and failure—and the

inestimable importance of courage IMPROVE YOUR LEADERSHIP IN THE HOMECOMMUNITY-CHURCH and character.

This story, compellingly written, with much enriching detail, carries ATTENDa young man through varying changes of family fortune, through school days in which he was aleader and competitor, through a LEADERSHIP WEEK mission for the Church of Jesus at

Christ of Saints in Latterday Britain, Great Brigham Young University a variety assignthrough of in politicalments Washington, D. C, "A FESTIVAL OF LEARNING FOR EVERYONE"

Detroit.and industrial

Included is an account of his servTheme: "A Land of Promise"

ice to his Church as stake president;

service to a great community, and JUNE 4-9, 1960 into the presidency of one of America's large industrial empires, American Motors, with the stupendous task Make This Your Vacation of holding this empire together, through days of debt and discouragement, against the inroads of liquiSpecial Featuresdators and wouldbe raiders, until it * Enrichments in all areas of Learning (Genealogy, Religion, found public acceptance of its Home, Discipline, Sciences) product and pulled itself into a * Hundreds of Classes, Workshops, Demonstrations position of profit.

This is a story of a man who * Daily Devotional Assemblies and Evening Entertainments forthrightly speaks his views on * General Authorities and Other Outstanding Leaders principles, and on the issues of our * Exhibits, Tours, Film Classics time, and who forthrightly identifies himself with the Church, with the * Vogue Fashion Shows cause of freedom, with love of fam- * Living Accommodations in new, beautiful Helaman Halls ily, and with the oldfashioned virtues which in fact never become For further information, contact Extension Services, B.Y.U., Provo, Ut.

oldfashioned.

Some will find this book fascinating - CUP AND MAIL-- as a story of successful struggle in an intensely competitive industry, with problems of labor, of manageLast Name First Middle ment, of engineering, of economics, and of people and public relations. Home Address City State

But all will find in it a story of character and courage. Stake or Mission Church Position

$2.50 registration fee enclosed. Payable to B.Y.U. Extension Services.

MAY I960 301 The Editor's Page "Go ye...and teach all the nations

so declared the Resurrected Christ. (Matt. 28:19.)

"For the promise is unto you, and to your children, and to all that are afar off, even as many as the Lord our God shall call."(Acts 2:39.)

"... proclaim these things unto the world"; the Lord

said through the Prophet Joseph Smith, "That faith also might increase in the earth; That mine everlasting

covenant might be established."(D&C 1:18, 2122.)

Obedient to these calls and commandments, the

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints has been sending missionaries to the world for 130 years—

thirteen full decades—and reaping the blessings.

Who are these missionaries? Of course you of the

Church know them well.

Our missionaries, generally, are young men and women with a sprinkling among them of more experienced men and women.

It is well to say here that the direct responsibility of preaching the gospel rests upon the priesthood of

effiOur the Church—not upon the women, though the

ciency of the latter in cottage meetings, in Primaries, in Mutual Improvement Associations, and in Sunday

Schools, and in other phases of missionary endeavor, Missionaries

by President David O. McKays

302 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA is of the highest order, and their willingness, even ways. A gentleman—who is he? "Whoever is open"—

eagerness, to labor is not excelled by that of the young nothing to hide, no downcast look because of the men. consciousness of guilt; "whoever is loyal"—loyal to

Who are these youth chosen to represent the the truth, to virtue, to the principles of the Church,

Church? They come from the rank and file. They including the Word of Wisdom—"true, of humane

are farmers, artisans, factory workers, bank clerks, and affable demeanor, honorable himself and in his secretaries in business firms, and followers of other judgment of others, faithful to his word as to law, vocations. They all look forward to the time after and faithful alike to God and to men—such a man is

their return when they, with congenial, loving com- a true gentleman,"and such a man the elder should panions, may build happy homes. be who represents the Church of Jesus Christ of

A group of elders once set forth three leading prinLatter-day Saints in the world.

ciples, the adopting of which seemed essential to the To render service for two or three years in the proper advancement of the work of the Lord. These mission field is a blessing to anyone so privileged. It

were responsibility, unity, and activity. All three of is recognized as such by thousands of parents

these virtues are applicable alike to missionaries and throughout the Church who appreciate the value of the Church membership generally. such labor to their sons and daughters, in whom this

Upon no other group of men in the world rests experience awakens an appreciation of home and of greater responsibility than upon the elders of the the gospel. Parents know, also, that missionary acChurch. In the full meaning of the term, they are tivity brings into the plane of consciousness a knowlpriests of the Most High. It is their privilege to reedge of the truth of the gospel which the young men

ceive spiritual enlightenment and blessings; it is their have perhaps felt but not expressed.

duty to give these to their fellow man. Most apparBishops, it is well for us to have in mind not so much

ent, therefore, is their responsibility as divinely the benefits to those representatives as their preparaauthorized representatives. tion and fitness to carry on the responsibilities enWith this is associated the responsibility of keeping tailed in that call. In choosing a missionary it is well

themselves "pure and unspotted from the sins of to keep in mind these questions: Is he worthy to

the world."Emphasized always is the duty to disrepresent the Church? Has he sufficient will power

seminate gospel literature. In a word, the elders'to resist temptation? Has he kept himself clean

responsibility is stated as threefold, 1) duty to God, while he has been home, and by that standard proved 2) duty to themselves and their loved ones, 3) duty himself capable of resisting possible temptation in the to the Church. field? Has he taken active part in Church organizaUnity is made especially applicable to the wards tions at home? Does he at least glimpse what the

and branches and to individual members. The necesChurch has to offer the world? Has he, through

sity of the cooperative effort is emphasized, as is prayer or other experience, felt God's nearness to the need for every member to become a missionary. him so that he can approach the Lord as he would

The steadying influence of responsibility, the his earthly father?

strength of unity, and the inevitable growth of wellThese qualifications and requirements are not too directed activity are leavening elements. high, because opportunities for just such attainments

In activity lies the only road to success as well as of efficiency are in the Church. Having had teaching

in secular affairs. Not only that, but a testimony of and experience in the quorums, to say nothing of the

the gospel is dependent upon activity manifest and auxiliaries, young men are prepared to represent the willingness shown to do God's will. "If any man Church as missionaries, provided they have led a

will do his will, he shall know of the doctrine,..."clean life.

(John 7:17.) Let the idea be emphasized throughout the entire

To our future missionaries I would say: Church so that when a young man enlists under the

In the Church there are men and women from every missionary banner it means that he is superior in country of the world in which there are missionaries. every way—in character, in faith, and in a desire to

I should like to encourage our young men and young serve the Lord.

women, young men particularly, to include in their True Christianity is love in action. There is no

high school and college courses some of these lanbetter way to manifest love for God than to show an guages. unselfish love for one's fellow men. That is the spirit

Every elder should be a Christian gentleman alof missionary work.

MAY 1960 303 Your Question

Answered by Joseph Fielding Smith President of the Council of the Twelve

WHY ARE BAPTISMS FOR THE DEAD PERFORMED BE

that the mountain work. doctrines to his great on the It was discussing for him "While of salvationQ Peter, they were that baptism stated and took brethren when John, our Lord James, the dead, one of the

for the dead must he performed in fonts that are endowed and received their great vision. It was

below the level of the ground. If this is so, will you on the Mount Horeb where the Lord appeared to

kindly tell us the reason why? Some of our number Moses and on Shelem (Ether 3:1), where he appeared

could not understand why a baptism for the dead to the brother of Jared and gave him commandments would not be valid no matter where it was performed, and showed him his body, and in the wilderness where even if it was not in a temple. Will you kindly inform priesthood was restored in this dispensation because

us on this matter?"there was no temple. In cases of emergency the Lord

used such places as groves, the wilderness, or the

A Thea templeproperbuiltplaceespeciallyfor baptismfor thatforpurpose.the deadIn isfact,in highestkeys of mountainspriesthood thereto histo prophets.reveal himself and bestow

all of the ordinances in behalf of the dead are to be The authorities of the Church were commanded to performed in temples, as are most of the sacred make haste and build a house to the Lord in Kirtland, ordinances for the living. This is the commandment where he could come and restore keys of priesthood

the Lord gave to the Church. There had been occaand of dispensations, this in the days of their poverty.

sions when sacred ordinances were performed outside By sacrifice and under the most trying difficulties the of temples when there was the emergency and no Kirtland Temple was erected, and after its dedicatemple of the Lord. This is true of the coming of tion many of the ancient prophets came and bestowed

the Father and the Son to the Prophet Joseph Smith, the keys of their dispensations, but there was no proand the manifestation was in a grove. When there vision made in the Kirtland Temple for baptism for

was no sacred temple, the Lord made himself manithe dead nor for any ordinances for the dead. It was,

fest to the prophets of old, in sacred places and most however, in this sacred house where the keys for the generally on mountaintops. It was on a mountaintop salvation of the dead were conferred and the turning

where the Lord revealed himself to Moses and called of the key of salvation for the fathers by their children

304 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA LOW THE SURFACE OF THE EARTH IN OUR TEMPLES?

were revealed. soith the Lord.'"(Ibid., p. 310.)

It was not until 1840 that the doctrine of salvation On the eighth day of November following, the font of the dead was fully revealed, and the Saints were in the Nauvoo Temple was dedicated, and baptisms taught that this ordinance could be performed by them for the dead ceased outside of a temple. The reason

in behalf of their dead kindred. In an epistle to the why the font is placed below the surface of the ground

twelve apostles, who were then in Europe, the Prophet is stated by revelation as follows:

wrote: "I first mentioned the doctrine in public when "Herein is glory and honor, and immortality and

preaching the funeral sermon of Brother Seymour eternal life—

Brunson; and have since then given general instruc- "The ordinance of baptism by water, to be imtions in the Church on the subject. The Saints have mersed therein in order to answer to the likeness of

the privilege of being baptized for those of their the dead, that one principle might accord with the relatives who are dead, who they believe would have other; to be immersed in water and come forth out

embraced the gospel, if they had been privileged of the water is in the likeness of the resurrection of with hearing it, and who have received the Gospel the dead in coming forth out of their graves; hence,

in the spirit, through the instrumentality of those who this ordinance was instituted to form a relationship have been commissioned to preach to them while in with the ordinance or baptism for the dead, being in prison."(Essentials in Church History, p. 305.) likeness of the dead.

The privilege was then given to the members of the "Consequently, the baptismal font was instituted

Church to be baptized for their dead in the Mississippi as a similitude of the grave, and was commanded to

River. This privilege continued until the general be in a place underneath where the living are wont

conference October 3, 1841, when the Prophet said: to assemble, to show forth the living and the dead, and

"'There shall be no more baptisms for the dead, that all things may have their likeness, and that they until the ordinance can be attended to in the Lord's may accord one with another—that which is earthly

House; and the Church shall not hold another General conforming to that which is heavenly, as Paul hath

Conference, until they can meet in said house, for thus declared, 1 Cor. 15:4648."(D&C 128:1213.)

MAY I960 305 One of the Aaronic Priesthood's paramount projects Throughout the years to come this sacred memorial for 1960 is the preparing and the placing near the will also teach mankind that the heavenly messenger "banks of the Susquehanna River"in the "Quaker who restored the Aaronic Priesthood possessed "body,

State"of Pennsylvania a beautiful monument. This parts, and passions."This monument uses the same

"Susquehanna Aaronic Priesthood Monument,"an extheme and position of figures as the Aaronic Priestpressive and significant representation of the restorahood Monument dedicated October 10, 1958, by tion of the Priesthood of Aaron, May 15, 1829, upon President David O. McKay on Temple Square in

the heads of Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery by Salt Lake City. The figures of John the Baptist,

John the Baptist, will declare to its viewers that the Joseph Smith the Prophet, and Oliver Cowdery are

LDS Church has from its beginning proclaimed to in high relief in a bronze panel which is mounted the world that "a man. must be called of God by on an "exquisitely finished granite shaft,"reports the

prophecy, and by the laying on of hands, by those sculptor of both monuments, Dr. Avard Fairbanks.

who are in authority to preach the gospel and adminThe total bronze group relief is six feet four inches ister in the ordinances thereof."(Fifth Article of high, and it is fastened securely to the front of a

Faith.) polished granite shaft twelve feet high, giving to the

306 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA whole a sense of firmness and stability. The total tist in the New Testament, and that he acted under

effect is one of great inspiration and beauty. the direction of Peter, James, and John, who held the

John the Baptist, a resurrected being, taught these keys of the Priesthood of Melchizedek, which Priesttwo young men—Oliver, 22 years, and Joseph, 23—the hood, he said would in due time be conferred on us,

eternal nature of baptism by immersion by one holdand that I should be called the first Elder of the ing authority. Shortly before the coming of John Church, and he the second, said the Prophet."

the Baptist, however, Joseph and Oliver had learned After conferring the Priesthood of Aaron, John exfrom the Nephite records that they were translating plained that this "Aaronic Priesthood had not the that baptism was essential for salvation. Through the power of laying on hands for the gift of the Holy

strange Urim and Thummim had come these instrucGhost, but that this should be conferred on us heretions from the "reformed Egyptian"characters upon after."

the plates, that Jesus Christ "... commanded all men The Prophet states that the angel "commanded us to

that they must repent, and be baptized in his name, go and be baptized, and gave us directions that I having perfect faith in the Holy One of Israel, or should baptize Oliver Cowdery, and that afterwards they cannot be saved in the kingdom of God he should baptize me.

"... for the Lord God... has spoken it."(2 Nephi "Accordingly, we went and were baptized. I bap-

9:2324.) tized him first, and afterwards he baptized me—

Since neither of these young translators had ever "Immediately on our coming up out of the water been baptized, they put away the plates and walked after we had been baptized, we experienced great southward some six or seven hundred feet and into and glorious blessings from our Heavenly Father. No

the woods at the edge of the peaceful Susquehanna. sooner had I baptized Oliver Cowdery, than the Holy

While the two men knelt in earnest prayer upon Ghost fell upon him, and he stood up and prophesied the banks of the Susquehanna River, May 15, 1829, the many things which should shortly come to pass. And

glory of God shone round, and a vision thus described again, as soon as I had been baptized by him, I also by Oliver burst upon them: "On a sudden, as from had the spirit of prophecy, when, standing up, I

the midst of eternity, the voice of the Redeemer spake prophesied concerning the rise of this Church, and peace to us, while the veil was parted and the many other things connected with the Church, angel of God came down clothed with glory and and this generation of the children of men. We were

delivered the anxiously looked for message, and the filled with the Holy Ghost, and rejoiced in the God keys of the Gospel of repentance.... his voice, though of our salvation."

mild, pierced to the center, and his words, T am thy After the ordinance of baptism, the Prophet said:

fellowservant,'dispelled every fear.... 'Twas a "I laid my hands upon his [Oliver's] head and ordained

message from the Most High.... who would not have him to the Aaronic Priesthood, and afterwards he laid

bowed the knee for such a blessing?... his hands on me and ordained me to the same Priest-

"I shall not attempt to paint to you the feelings of hood—for so were we commanded."(DHC. Vol. 1,

this heart, nor the majestic beauty and glory which pp. 39, 40, 42, see also, Grant, ibid., 76, 77.)

surrounded us on this occasion, but you will believe Ten days later, May 25, Oliver Cowdery baptized me when I say, that earth, nor men, with the eloSamuel Smith, the Prophet's brother, 19 years of age.

quence of time, cannot begin to clothe language in as This closed the baptisms during Joseph Smith's life interesting and sublime a manner as this holy perin the historic Susquehanna River. (DHC. Vol. 1, p.

sonage. No; nor has the earth power to give the joy, 44.)

to bestow the peace or to comprehend the wisdom Shortly after Samuel's baptism, however, and bewhich was contained in each sentence as it was fore Joseph and Oliver were driven by collecting mob delivered by the power of the Holy Spirit!... The forces from the Susquehanna Valley, June 1, 1829, a

assurance that we were in the presence of an angel; second glorious priesthood vision burst upon the two

the certainty that we heard the voice of Jesus, and seekers of God's word. Describing this allimportant

the truth unsullied as it flowed from a pure personage, restoration of the Melchizedek Priesthood, the Prophet dictated by the will of God, is to me, past description, writes but briefly: "And again, what do we hear?...

and I shall ever look upon this expression of the The voice of Peter, James, and John in the wilderness

Savior's goodness with wonder and thanksgiving."between Harmony... and Colesville... on the

(DHC. Vol. 1, p. 43. See also Grant, The Kingdom of Susquehanna river, declaring themselves as possessing

God Restored, pp. 75, 76. Italics added.) the keys of the kingdom, and of the dispensation of

"The messengers who visited us on this occasion the fulness of times!"(D&C 27:12; 128:20.)

and conferred this Priesthood upon us said that his Since Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery were name was John, the same that is called John the Bapdriven from the Susquehanna Valley and were forced

MAY i960 307 to move to the Whitmer's at Fayette, New York, a He declared that he had "... hid up in the hill

hundred miles northwest, leaving Harmony about the Cumorah all the records which had been entrusted first of June 1829, and were never again together to me by the hand of the Lord, save it were these upon the Susquehanna River until after the Church few plates which I gave unto my son Moroni."

was organized, the author concludes with President (Mormon 6:6.)

Joseph Fielding Smith that the Melchizedek PriestHistory tells us that the "Commonwealth of Pennsylhood was of necessity conferred before the two men vania"became the hub of religious freedom for Amerleft Harmony. (Joseph Fielding Smith, Essentials in ica—"personal, political, and religious"—freedoms that

Church History, p. 69; see also Grant, ibid., pp. 7584.) the Lord knew must be obtained before his kingdom

Since the Church is placing a religious monument could be restored, April 6, 1830. The Quaker city

near a busy highway in the state of Pennsylvania, it of Philadelphia, one of the largest in the thirteen might be interesting for each reader to turn back the colonies, became headquarters for the approaching leaves of history and take a glance for a moment at rebellion and complete revolution.

this Quaker state. On March 4 of this year, 1960, "In this quaint old Quaker town,"America's famous

the "Commonwealth of Pennsvlvania"celebrated the "First Continental Congress"assembled; here the

279th birthday of her colorful history. The story goes resounding "Liberty Bell"clanged out to all the

like this: On March 4, 1681, King Charles II of world America's Declaration of Independence! Here

England bestowed upon William Penn and his rePatrick Henry's cry from Richmond, Virginia was ligious followers, "The Quakers"or "Friends,"a wild taken up by his fearless comrades: "Give me liberty,

and unsurveyed tract of land, stretching from the or give me death!"Here the Constitution was signed

Delaware River northward and westward some three and sent forth to all mankind, telling them plainly hundred miles to the shores of some of the Great that America's freedoms were guaranteed. And by

Lakes of America. now Joseph Smith's ancestors on each side had been

Upon landing his ships in America and founding thoroughly "Americanized."When Washington had

Philadelphia upon the banks of the broad, deep Delabeen dead but six years, Joseph Smith, the restorer ware River, named for the powerful "Delaware Inof Christ's true Church, was born. That the Lord

dian tribes"along its course, William at once made aided in America's freedom is shown by revelation:

a famous treaty with these red men who liked William "... I established the Constitution of this land, by

and his religious "Friends."This treaty secured to the hands of wise men whom I raised up unto this

"The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania"settlement very purpose, and redeemed the land by the shedding privileges and extensive hunting and fishing rights. A of blood."(D&C 101:80.)

year ago when the author was in Pennsylvania, he It is interesting to learn that Plarmony, Pennsyland his company visited many spots of Quaker intervania, gets its name from the Quakers, for they were est, including the restored home of William Penn some of the first settlers in this township, being sent upon the banks of the beautiful Delaware River. Even here at the close of the Revolutionary War by a

Penn's stables and his old smokehouse were restored. wealthy banker and landowner, Henry Drinker,

Every reader who accepts as genuine what the new cashier of the Bank of North America with headmonument upon the Susquehanna represents also acquarters in Philadelphia, 150 miles southward. Upon

cepts the Book of Mormon account about the foreobserving their agreeable methods of handling vilfathers of the Delaware Indians and other tribes of lage affairs, as well as their helpfulness toward newred men. It is interesting to know that the name comers, Mr. Drinker named the place Harmony. In

"Susquehanna River"is of Lamanitish, or Indian 1853 this large township was divided—the east half

origin—sitsque, meaning crooked; hanna, stands for became Harmony, the west half Oakland, being the

water; hence "Crooked Water,"and only those red township where the monument is today.

men using this great winding stream by canoe know Emma Hale, who became the wife of the Prophet, how well they had named it. was the seventh child of Isaac Hale, a Revolutionary

Telling about the early inhabitants who lived in soldier at seventeen years and later a pioneer into the northern lands of Pennsylvania upon its original the Harmony district. Before leaving Connecticut

grant from the Susquehanna to the Great Lakes, now he married Elizabeth Lewis, September 20, 1790, held by New York State, which includes the "Hill and together with other pioneers crossed the SusqueCumorah"district, the great general, Mormon, dehanna River and settled in Harmony. Isaac and his

scribes the destruction of his people, the Nephites, young wife built them a home about five hundred and of many of the Lamanites, possibly two or three feet westward from the John the Baptist Monument millions lying unburied in this land of "many waters."site, and some six or seven hundred feet north of the

Then comes Mormon's story about precious records. Susquehanna River. This old pioneer home was

308 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

burned about eighty years later. The township map district, hiring men to go with him to Harmony,

of 1873 shows that the home was gone at that time. Pennsylvania, to help dig for a lost silver mineIt was rebuilt, however, upon a larger scale in the fabulously rich, according to some old Spanish docueighties by its new owner, George M. Doolittle, who ments that had fallen into Stoal's hands. Upon finding

purchased this property April 17, 1880. This latter that Joseph Smith was looking for employment and

home, being in a very dilapidated condition when thinking to profit from Joseph's reported spiritual secured by the LDS Church, July 16, 1948, through experiences, Mr. Stoal added him to his group of

the agency of Wilford C. Wood, was torn down in men and set off southeastward for Pennsylvania.

195152 with the approval of the First Presidency. During these frosty fall days, while digging in the

The three chief reasons why the Church is interested hills a half mile north of the Hale home, leaving some in the Hale home are: (1) Emma Hale, the Prophet's excavations plainly to be seen to this day, Joseph was

wife, was born here, July 10, 1804; (2) Emma Hale put to board with the Hale family of five sons and

became the first president of the Relief Society; (3) four daughters. (Mary Smith Anderson, Ancestry

this homestead is an interesting pioneer landmark of and Posterity of Joseph and Emma Hale, p. 303. ) All

this Susquehanna district. (For Joseph's ancestors in biographers and pictures show the Hale family as

the Revolutionary War period, see Grant, 7 Saw Anbeing very robust, if not "large of stature,"trappers other Angel Fhj, pp. 8-10 or The Kingdom of God and hunters of the pioneer type, having a "skinner's

Restored, pp. 1215.) shed"to help care for their catch.

Having reported a few events about the historic At this time, the last of October 1825, Emma, one monument and its setting in Pennsylvania, the author of the remaining unmarried children, had passed her now must tell how such important events as the girlhood days, being three months beyond her twentycoming of the two priesthoods took place 128 miles first birthday. And like all normal young women

southward from the Sacred Grove and the Hill of her age was, no doubt, looking a little anxiously

Cumorah—the place for the opening scenes of the forward toward courtship days, love, marriage, and

great latterday restoration program. a happy family life. None of these, however, apAbout two months before Joseph Smith's twentieth peared very promising as yet, for no "Jacob had met

birthday, Josiah Stoal from South Bainbridge, New her at the well."

York, living about forty miles northeast of the present Emma had been "raised on the range,"and she

John the Baptist Monument, entered the Hill Cumorah loved the thrill of outdoor ( Continued on page 336

The black dot indicates the site for the Aaronic

Priesthood Monument. Toward the east end of the

old McKune Cemetery in the distance are the graves of Isaac Hale and his wife Elizabeth as well as that of the infant son of Joseph and Emma

Hale Smith.

MUit

The threeroomed home of Joseph

Smith in Harmony, Pennsylvania, where

Joseph and Oliver Cowdertj translated almost all the Book of Mormon plates.

The large wing to the reader s right was added later.

What is an Ideal Family?

by W. Cleon Skousen

Former Chief of Police, Salt Lake City llllBI 'IWP

... families are like little kingdoms with courts and customs

that leave the fragrance of happy memories for all who dwell therein.

I suppose nearly all young newlyweds approach all young couples will be trained to think of them- a marriage career with the firm expectation that theirs selves as kingdom builders, because that is what will be the greatest. Shortly, however, they find Providence intended them to be.

themselves in one of three groups. Some find themAt the head of this tiny empire are a king and queen

selves among the hurdygurdy newlyweds. These are who have power to rule generously or selfishly, lovthey who approach marriage like a little boy who ingly or harshly, wisely or stupidly. The true kingdom

says to the organ man, "I've paid my nickle, now let's builders are those who learn early in their married hear the tune!"To such as these, marriage is a sort life to govern themselves and their somewhat helpof circus. It has to be noisy, colossal, and tremendous, less subjects in a warm, happy spirit of generosity,

When the noise dies down, and the novelty wears love, and wisdom. From the sidelines, observers will

thin, so does the marriage. say, "There is an ideal family!"

There is a second group which might be called the "Marriage Muddlers."These are they who never What Is the Formula?

completely crack up, but neither do they become But when newlyweds are encouraged to create a sensational success. They just muddle through. an ideal family life they come up with the obvious

These are the kind who don't seem to find themselves question, "What is the formula?"

until about their fiftieth wedding anniversary. As After several thousand years of human civilization,

the quiet twilight of life gradually makes them senior a formula should now be available in a scientific, citizens and grandparents they suddenly look at each foolproof package. But, unfortunately, this is not the

other and say, "Well, look what we did!"They decase. And there are good reasons. It turns out that

cide that life did not treat them badly after all. In few achieve "ideal"family life status for any exfact they really could have been enjoying it all tended period of time. Everything will be sailing along

along! beautifully for a while and then unexpectedly there

Finally, there is the third group, the ones who apis a tremendous crash, and the family pattern goes proach marriage with as much excitement as any of into a tailspin. What was once a model of happy

the others, but, either by instinct or by training, sense living is exploded into confusion as the entire family that they are "kingdom builders."Perhaps some day struggles to meet the new situation and restore order.

310 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The crisis may be a financial setback, a serious illness, who have love and respect for each other. Woe unto

a burnout, moving to a new town, the loss of a parent, the marriage when a gay young blade says, "I am a call to military service, loss of a job, in fact any getting married to the most luscious blonde, but boy one of several dozen serious problems. is she dumb!"—or the girl who says, "I am embarrassed

Building an ideal family is therefore not a goal to be seen with Joe, but I love him, and I guess that's but a process. It is a pattern of living which centers all that matters."Such matches don't usually stand

around a mother and a father who are willing to the strain of the long haul. They often start falling

shift quickly with the currents of life. It is a passion apart before the honeymoon is over.

to preserve their own little kingdom with its binding On the other hand, we should emphasize that even bonds of love among father, mother, and children wellmatched couples will have some adjustments to and to do it in spite of all adversity—poverty, war, make. They will learn that a happy marriage is built

crime, accidents, disease, disaster, even death. on a foundation of "sharing things and sharing each

Accepting then, the fact that ideal family life is a other."In addition to sharing each other's companprocess rather than a goal, we cannot help asking, ionship there is the sharing of the treasures of life-

"What is the best process?"What pattern is most first, of course, their children, and after that, good

likely to produce happy family living? Experts sugbooks, favorite friends, special foods, relatives, recreagest the need to remember three things: tion, hobbies, religion, conversational interests, intel-

1. Getting off to a good start. lectual pursuits, sports, and travel. Even at best,

2. Providing builtin stabilizers for the family. some few differences will remain, but it greatly helps

3. Being willing to fulfil the total family role. to have "all things in common,"if possible.

A successful marriage depends so much upon right

Getting Off to a Good Start attitudes. That is why it helps so tremendously when

On this point we should mention that even those a young couple can qualify for a temple marriage.

who do not get off to a good start can usually get The temple endowment, followed by the temple marthemselves straightened out, if they try, but it is far riage, combine to fix in the minds of both the boy more pleasant to do it right in the first place. and the girl those great basic attitudes which are neces-

A good marriage begins with a wellmatched couple sary for happy family life:

MAY I960 311 1. That God is a vitally interested participant in ever, it is a victory just to have recognized that they

the marriage contract. are missing something. The next step is to become

2. That this young couple have promised their qualified. This takes time, but no young couple should

Heavenly Father that will make this marriage a be satisfied until they have done whatever needs to success. be done to have their marriage sanctified in this most

3. That they will be true to each other. perfect, permanent form. Even couples who have

4. That they will be obedient to the commandments lived under a civil marriage for several years should

of God and accept them as rules for happy living. enter the higher pattern as soon as they can qualify.

5. That they will live lives of unselfish serviceservice to each other, to their children, and to all The Reformers

humanity. Getting off to a good start is sometimes made diffi-

6. That they will perpetuate the model family plan cult because one of the partners is out to reform the

revealed by God in the beginning, namely, that they other. A bride will sometimes tell a girl friend, "Just

will have as many children as health and circumstances wait until I get John married to me. I'll soon change

will permit and bring up their children in light and him!"The experts will wish her luck, but statistics

truth. are against her. If a boy does not respond to her

7. That they will look upon everything they possess pleas for personal improvement during courtship, he

—their lives, talents, and fortunes—as a stewardship is even less likely to respond after marriage.

under God and that they will use this stewardship to Nevertheless, accepting the fact that a girl cannot promote God's plan for human happiness throughout remake her husband completely, at least she can the world. promote certain refinements as long as he doesn't

8. Finally, that no matter what befalls them, they become defensive. He must be allowed to feel that

will strive to make their love and marriage survive overcoming a problem is his own achievement and forever. not the victory of a nagging spouse. Some newlyweds

Experience demonstrates that it gives bands of trade problems. One will agree to try to overcome

supreme strength to a marriage when it is hallowed a certain weakness if the partner will agree to overwith attitudes such as these. come one. As long as a spirit of good humor and

Of course, some young couples arrive at the age mutual improvement prevails, much can be achieved.

of marriage but find they have not refined their lives Getting off to a good start is also enhanced by some sufficiently to qualify for a temple marriage. Howfundamental things like (Continued on page 363)

AT AUNTY'S WITH DAVID

by Jessie Cannon Eldridge

Little Stout Heart owns his world

As far as he can see;

Across the field to Susan's house,

Then back again to me.

Little Stout Heart knows no fear,

With one fist in his pocket, Come tigers, giants, worms, or ants,

He tells me he "will socket."

Little Stout Heart talks to God

As he would talk to Bobby;

And grass and weeds and little flowers,

He says are his hobby.

Soon, Little Stout Heart, tired out,

Climbs into Aunty's lap, Gives me a fistcrushed violet,

And says he'll take his nap.

312 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA GIFT FROM THE DESERT by Ruth C. Ikerman

It was winter when I first saw the brittle sticks leaves and flowers.

forming the trunk and limbs of that desert tree, the Long I looked at the golden glory of the desert

Palo Verde. The drab gray of the resting limbs tree which had caught me by surprise. For my exshadowed the bleak landscape with strange patterns pectation had not been great enough, I had not

to which my heart took a dislike. believed such beauty possible.

Now that tree is one of my favorite gifts of the Now whenever tempted to judge some situation by desert, and I like to remember the day I came to current drabness, I remember the overwhelming understand its beauty. Driving across the desert, I beauty of the desert tree. More often than not some

looked up from the steering wheel to see yellow clouds friend or acquaintance blossoms with some unselfish against the blue of the sky. deed of outstanding kindness which shows me that

Fragile golden blossoms looked like billows of my original judgment was not only unkind but wrong.

floating butterflies, hovering in their flight between Any bleak situation in life can be transformed by sand and sky. I half expected a blossom to fly from waiting with hopeful expectation for the blossoming

the tree and come inside the car. to come from the seemingly dead branch. Just as the

Pulling off to the side of the road, I watched the trees respond to the seasons of God, so life itself is motion of the branches as the desert wind swept across infinitely flexible.

the white sands. Winds of eternity seemed to have Often I thank God for what the desert tree taught

stopped for a moment to enjoy the perfection of me about the beauty that will yet bloom in what may coloring and shape. seem to be a wasted or barren spot. Humbly I ask

Gone was the brittleness, softened by springtime. him to give me grace to see that barren spots in life

Forgotten now the harshness of the limbs, covered may be but silhouettes of beauty to come if the heart by new growth, the compassionate outpouring of trusts in the God who causes the desert to bloom.

MAY I960 313 To Read Fast with

by Evelyn N. Wood

Before you begin this month's assignment, perhaps you should move your finger under each line. The

you would like to complete the following chart and eye needs to be prodded to move along or it gets consider your progress: stuck on a word or an interesting idea and the first

thing you know you are back to chain reading. (I

Name: still use my fingers, and so do my fastest readers.)

Beginning speed: Beginning speed at second You may notice a pull on the muscles of the eye,

month: but as you continue to read straight along the line,

Do your eyes still follow your finger? Yes. No your eyes will become relaxed.

Do you still feel a pull on the eye muscles as you read At first you may have been unable to get the directly across the page? Yes... No thought, but eyes and mind adjust quickly, and in a

Did your eyes feel tired after the first practice? short time you will be able to get as much meaning

Yes No... at this faster speed. Practice is very important, and

Are you reading at least a book every week? Yes a halfhour practice every day is much better than

No an extra long time at irregular intervals. As your

to to begin eyes increases, your may want you read at least half an hour each day? Yes efficiency Do

it. This of across instead page down the move directly No....

is the final goal.

Rapid reading techniques all presuppose that the Certain understandings with which you approach student has some competence in the basic reading a page of print aid both speed and comprehension.

skills which are taught in the public schools. Nothing Even though they are wellknown, they should be

has yet been discovered that can take the place of reviewed here.

word attack skills or any of the standard aids to getting When you pick up a newspaper or open a book, the meaning. Without these there would be no fast what do you see? Here and there you find a picture,

reading because there would be no reading. The but most of the pages are covered with words. All

techniques presented here are in addition to, not in of them are made from the twentysix letters of the place of, this basic foundation. alphabet put together in different ways to make

In order to keep up your speed or lift it higher, thought symbols. The word star, for instance, isn't

314 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA,*f""V\ I getting \ I the $ \ ideaGood Comprehension

what you see in the sky. Words just stand for things There are signals that tell you the author has more

you know. They are signals that make you think to say:

about what the author wants to tell you. besides for example

Seeing the words on the page isn't reading. You moreover furthermore

have to know what the words stand for, and you have to think about them. Words seldom stand alone, Also there are signals that tell you to consider both

except in lists. By themselves they aren't very good sides of the story:

signals. Other words grouped with them make the however therefore

meaning of the author much more specific. Take, nevertheless for this reason

for example, the word man. By itself it could mean on the other hand as you can see

the whole human race, including women. It could on the contrary in short

be a slang expression (oh, man). It could be a verb

meaning to man a boat, or it could mean a certain Another important group are the signals of order:

specific man. Only additional words will make the first last A

meaning clear. second end B, etc.

There are some words, however, that are strong signals. They point out the dangers ahead. This is Only as you train your eyes to see words in the

especially true of action words or words that suggest relationship patterns do you get a clear, strong relathe time something will happen or has happened. tionship signal or meaning. As we learn to see words

These must not be overlooked. Let's examine a few in meaning clusters, we save time and increase the

of them. accuracy of our interpretation.

Words on a page are written singly, one space apart.

Time Signals When we speak, we place words in meaning clusters before after next by use of voice inflection, pauses, emphasis, and facial since later finally expressions. If the page is to have meaning, we must

earlier soon last find some way of getting the same results when we to begin with read. We do this by (Continued on page 347)

MAY I960 315 AncestorsIn the Footsteps of My

Genealogy by Jeanne Nicholes Taylor

The parish and the town with its crooked, narrow streets intrigued us.

316 THE IMPROVEMENT EHA It tookwas formjust oneand yearwas agoput intothat action:a cherisheda dreamdreamof torecordshelp usin inoldourscript,need,andthe thatabilityourto preciousread the timeold

visiting England, gathering genealogy, and walking would not be wasted in hunting people and places, in the footsteps of our ancestors. At first it was to that Satan would not come into our midst, and that

include my friend, Mrs. Faun Mickelson, and me, but the weather would aid us.

as things progressed and we could see the advantage In dear, old, rainy, drizzly, cold, damp England we of including others, we planned to take our two four genealogical researchers had only three drizzly seventeenyear-old daughters with us. days, the rest of the time it was warm, beautiful, and

The next eight months were hectic, filled with the sun shone from six in the morning until 9:30 at

planning and preparations. As I look back now, this night, and everywhere we went the sun followed

part of our trip was by far the most important. I us. One person in London said, "We had rain last

know why many fail in their attempts at doing geneweek, but when I heard you were coming back, I alogy in England, and I cannot recommend too strongknew there would be sunshine,"and there was. How

ly the person's knowing the exact details of the grateful we were for it!

trip before leaving Salt Lake City. During the next We spent the first half day touring after we arrived,

months, I obtained road maps of England, addresses and then our work began. The hardest work I have

of vicars and vicarages, extent of deanery and bishops ever done in all my life, but the most satisfying, as transcripts and their availability, and reports on pubmy companions will agree.

lic libraries. We checked pedigrees, the work in the In our entire trip we were never once refused adprocess of being done by various people, films, and mission to the places we needed to enter. Those in

records available in the Genealogical Library, so that libraries, parishes, record offices, diocesan archives, the possibility of duplication would be at a minimum. cathedrals, were kind, generous, and many times

We obtained large books for each of us to keep perthey sat down with us and helped us with our work.

sonal day to day diaries, and before we arrived home, At the Canterbury Cathedral, the curator spent three months later, we had averaged five hours a many days hauling up records from a damp cellar night, 1000 pages of pictures, objects of remembrances, and was quite amazed that we should expect to pay and a history of our daily treks. Next, we added an him. Upon our display of interest in our surroundings

account book and a general remark book, as we called he brought out original documents valued at over one it, to our collection, for we had decided at the very half million dollars, one being the only document in first of our planning that an accurate daily record existence containing the signature of William the was to be kept of every occurrence, including our Conqueror. Another was a missing page from the

expenditures. Before we left Salt Lake City our earliest Bible which is kept in Westminster Abbey.

entire route was set up, as well as all the individual These we looked at and touched, and our sincerity work to be done in each parish or library. and pleasure delighted our friend.

Our departure finally came. Seven hundred miles On the Isle of Wight, one of the vicars we visited

an hour, forty thousand feet high, and five hours offered us board and lodging for the night and after leaving New York City, we landed in England—prepared our evening meal. When we prepared

a country which we were to cover from south to breakfast with scrambled eggs a la American, and north and from east to west completely, within the hot cups of Postum, he asked if he might try our next few months. drink. Later he called other vicars to make appointPatriarch D. Ray Shurtliff, of Monument Park Stake, ments for us which eliminated wasting hours of our

had given us wonderful blessings, which became our precious time, for time was our most priceless possesrock on which to lean, for we found we were very sion on this trip. Truly people are the same everyweak, and the things ahead of us could not have been where, desirous of helping and asking only sincere

endured, had we not had this spiritual help. We were appreciation as their reward.

promised guidance and strength and health, friends Regardless of the weather outside, inside the

MAY 1960 317 churches and the buildings where we worked it was the small town of Frome, Somerset, about six in the cold, damp, and musty—and mostly very unpleasant. evening. Usually we found a hotel and started fresh

Many times we could have used a hot water bottle the next morning, but this evening we decided to try to warm our hands. and do some work before dark. We tried to make it

Every day we worked from morning until late at a policy to do a minimum of one parish a day.

night, often using a flashlight to accomplish our ends. The parish and the town with its crooked, narrow

Meals meant nothing! We felt as if Santa Claus had streets fascinated us. It was a very old and historical

come when we found we were able to work from town, and we would have enjoyed doing some sightbooks. Many times we stretched out great 4x6 sheets seeing, but something urged us to find the vicar and

of leathery paper on the floor. They were black on the parish. We very quickly found him and were

the outside, and when we opened them, we were informed that at noon the next day he was leaving, sure that the dust which flew all over us was from and our work must be finished by then. He promptly

King Henry VIII's time. We would cough and choke brought out thirtyeight volumes of records, each one

and say that we had the "diocesan archive cough."having some six to seven hundred pages. Any other

I had learned to read the old English script, but time we would have been elated at being able to when the girls were given the promise that they work in books instead of great rolls of paper. You

would also be able to read it, I first felt that this can imagine our dismay. We felt that we would never

would not be necessary. I reasoned that I could read be able to go through these in such a short time, but

the early manuscripts and they could start at later we decided to make a try. At eleven o'clock that

dates. We soon learned better. It became very night the vicar came back to lock up the parish, and

necessary for each one to read the early records since we had barely begun on our stack of books. Hethey were brought to us in large quantities. It would

paused and debated a few minutes, for I'm sure he have been impossible for me to have covered the could read in our faces our unhappiness. Finally he

material alone. Within a few days the girls were

reading the early script as rapidly as though they said, "Take them to your hotel and bring them back by noon tomorrow."had been doing it for a long period of time.

surprise. He helped load I am sure anyone driving in England will appreciate We were stunned with

my apprehension. Here I was driving on, what was them into our car, never asking for our names nor the

to me, the "wrong"side of the road, steering on the name of our hotel.

"wrong"side of the car with the gear shift on the Luck was with us, and we did find a hotel near "wrong"side, and averaging twentyfive to thirty the parish church. We had trouble to keep from

miles an hour on a road that was never straight for laughing aloud at the expressions on the personnel in more than one half a block. The first two weeks the hotel as we carried the books to our rooms. No

found me constantly tense for fear that in an emersooner had we settled down to work than the lights gency I would revert to my normal American driving went out. But we had come prepared for all emerpattern. The road signs such as "Beware—Road gencies for a part of the twentytwo pound weight

Subsidence, Watch Diversion"only added to my in each of our purses was a flashlight. So we were

confusion. So we crept slowly along the highway until the wee hours of morning. At five minutes to

from town to town. twelve next day we returned the books to the church

It was on one of these slow days that we came into as we had promised, (Continued on page 362)

PERSPECTIVE

by Mabel Jones Gabbott

A woman needs a window Above her kitchen sink, With climbing rose and hollyhock

And distant hills to shrink A pan to just proportions.

She needs to wash each dish With a view of far horizons That compass every wish.

318 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

TO REMOVE MOUNTAINS

bv Ora Pate Stewart

A hired girl was a necessity in such a large household as the Lees maintained in New

Mexico territory; but a large household is usually

too much for the spirit of a hired girl. About the

only solution to the problem was to take in some "poor relation"who needed a home. There were

plenty of food, bedding, enough shoes to go around, and enough calico and muslin and denim for adequate clothing to be run through the treadle sewing machine, and fancier fabrics for Sunday best. There were also meats to cure

and cheeses to press, straw ticks to fill with fresh golden chaff, soap to make, washings to do, and butter to churn. There was no getting

around it: There was a mountain of work.

"Aunt Inez"was always able to find a "poor relation,"but as is ever the rule, it was always easier to find one who wanted a home than to find one who wanted work, even with the generous wages Father provided.

Some hired girls stayed on longer than others.

They partook of as much of the home as their needs required, and as much of the work as their whims dictated. In fairness, however, to

all working youth it should be said that it can hardly be expected of them to realize the importance of work and the responsibility of membership in a good home. These realizations

come with maturity, and sometimes appreciation is left for the years of reflection, after the souls who have taken ( Continued on page 351

itJ* Father went into the darkened room and sat down upon the bed. He felt for the small lump that was Ettie.

w THE by Lester and Joan Essig

"The cigarette industry has done a grave disservice dustry come to five hundred million dollars. Of course

to the smoking public, initially, blatantly, and more by such ludicrous reasoning narcotics should be recently, very subtly, publicizing the filtertip smoke legalized, if they would bring in enough taxes, and as a health protection."more direct means of destroying body and mindSo charges a House report based on a subcommittee legalized murder.

study concerning false advertising of filtertip cigarets. An intensive, enlightening study of advertising and

The findings of this subcommittee, submitted to technical data on the much proclaimed filtertip the Speaker of the House by William L. Dawson of cigarets prompted the subcommittee to hold hearings

Illinois, hides its accusations quietly behind an unfor nine days. At these hearings "Testimony was repretentious government cover, labeled plainly as Union ceived from physicians and scientists prominent in

Calendar No. 539, "False and Misleading Advertising research as well as in the treatment of cancer to

(FilterTip Cigarettes)."The report created little better enable the subcommittee to understand and

stir in the House of Representatives and only brief appraise the health connotations of filtertip-cigaret mention by news commentators. The public did not advertising."

hear enough about it to ask questions, let alone be The subcommittee also received testimony from stirred by indignation. Apparently it was felt that representatives of companies and organizations who

the discrediting of such a weighty industry as that of had conducted quantitative tests on the nicotine and the tobacco industry had best be done as unobtrusively tar content of cigarets. Some of these tests reported

as possible. Perhaps the "don't bite the hand that in Consumer Reports and The Reader s Digest have

feeds you"adage had something to do with the received wide publicity in recent months. The subreport's shortness on publicity. committee also heard testimony on the advertising

The tobacco industry has an annual advertising of specific brands which were presented by the staff budget of over one hundred million dollars and the New through visual aids. The Department of Agriculture

York Times reports that, "the 'Big Six'of the industry and the Federal Trade Commission were also reprerank at the top of leading national advertisers in all sented.

mediums."This concentrated advertising has been Noticeably unrepresented, were cigaret manufachighly successful as witnessed by an annual retail turers, although they had been invited and repeatedly

sales total of five billion dollars. In the industry, urged to attend. One company official agreed to

500,000 people are employed, with three million agriappear, but promptly backed out when it became apcultural workers and farmers making most of their parent no others would join him. Of the cigaret

living from tobacco production. The industry industry's brazen refusal to speak up for itself, the

strongly influences another "1,300,000 persons who report stated:

are engaged in the wholesale and retail distribution "During a period fraught with public concern over and dependent and allied industries, trades and grave health implications of cigarette smoking, business services."responsibility and even decency would apparently

Some people who are prone to rationalize, defend dictate that the American public is entitled to an smoking on the grounds that it brings in such huge accounting from the cigarette manufacturers. It is

tax revenues. Tobacco taxes come to over two bilindeed most reprehensible that the tobacco industry

lion dollars and corporate and other taxes of the inshould so shirk its vast responsibilities to the con320 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

sumer and apparently conspire to boycott the hearings scare."Most of their advertising implied health

of a congressional committee."advantages such as "effective filtration,""guarantees

Because of the appalling increase of lung cancer cleaner, milder, safer smoking,""L & M's miracle deaths from 2,500 cases in 1930 to 29,000 cases in tip—more flavor less nicotine,"Winston which "filters

1956, many scientific investigators have looked for so effectively."

a cause more substantial than just those of better The Kent with its filter tested in 1953 for nicotine diagnosis and aging population. The report briefly and tar had managed to reduce the amount of these

outlined some of these studies: two substances. However, its sales did not live up

"During the past 9 years, an increasing number of to expectations, and the filter was thereafter loosened reports have appeared in medical journals and magato make it more palatably salable. In later tests, with

zines suggesting a link between cigarette smoking the loosened filter, the "nicotine had more than and the incidence of lung cancer. doubled and tar content almost doubled."But it

"A study in 1949 by Drs. Ernest L. Wynder and still had a filter, and the public was ignorant of its

Evarts Graham showed that cancer could be induced lack of effectiveness.

on the skin of mice with tobaccotar condensates. In "In view of the publicized health hazards a strange

1952 an article by Dr. Alton Ochsner, in the Journal though completely explicable transformation has ocof the American Medical Association, called cigarette curred in the filter cigarette since its introduction.

smoking a principal cause of lung cancer. In DeMany smokers apparently found the filters to be less

cember 1952, The Reader's Digest published an artisatisfying (as in the case of Kents) than their old cle of obvious implications, entitled 'Cancer by the regular cigarettes. They tried different brands, preCarton.'In 1953, an additional study by Drs. Wynder sumably in search of a filter cigarette which not only

and Graham gave further evidence that cancer could afforded health protection but also (as one brand be produced with cigarette tars."advertised ) 'Tastes good like a cigarette should.'

In 1953, these alarming reports succeeded in drop- "The cigarette manufacturers obliged—at least with

ping cigaret sales "... for the first time in 21 years. respect to taste. Unfortunately the much advertised

This decline continued in 1954."The monetary loss health protection—that is, less nicotine and tar—was

in turn succeeded in worrying the cigaret industry an unpublicized casualty. The filter cigarette smoker

enough to retaliate shrewdly. In 1952 Lorillard had is, in most cases, getting as much nicotine and tar

come out with the Kent filtertip cigaret. "During from the filter than he would get from the regular

the next few years, every major manufacturer of cigarette the advertisers have persuaded him to cigarettes introduced one or more brands of filter abandon—for health's sake."

cigarettes. During this period, accompanied by treJohn A. Blatnik, the subcommittee chairman, further

mendous advertising campaigns, sales of filter charged cigarettes have climbed steadily, while the sale of "We have been informed that in spite of the mountregular cigarettes has steadily declined."The caming medical evidence that tobacco tars and nicotine

paign was a huge success for the cigaret manufacare deleterious to public health, the cigarette industry turers. "While the advertising of such cigarettes has is marketing a product with as much or more nicotine

carefully avoided any direct reference to cancer, it and tar than ever. To date, the cigarette industry's

has been subtly directed toward overcoming the cancer response to all of these (Continued on page 347)

MAY I960 321 conclusion-, kayaks down th& Nile

by John M. Goddard

The greatest wonder of modern Egypt was next on our itinerary, the mighty Aswan Dam, more valuable to Egypt's millions than all the pyramids and temples ever built. The dam, a British engineering

masterpiece one and threetenths miles long, was built from 1898 to 1902 by 11,000 native laborers using 1,000,000 tons of the finest granite in the world from the same quarry that furnished masonry for many ancient temples. With the construction of the dam

Egypt's perpetual cycle of drought and flood was terminated, and year round irrigation ushered in for the first time in her ageold history. The Nile's

flow is under complete control by means of the 180 sluice gates perforating the dam's sweeping yellow expanse.

From July to September, a period when other rivers are dry or at their lowest ebb, the Nile is at its flood stage, the sluices are fully opened to allow the siltbearing torrent to sweep through and inundate the agricultural plains of lower Egypt. Some of the oldest

documents in existence are records of the height of the flood. Never once throughout the millennia of

Egypt's recorded history has the Nile failed to flood and overflow its banks. As the flood subsides the

gates are closed and the reservoir gradually replenished with a steady abundance of water. Egypt has

become the world's principal producer of longstaple cotton.

Rather than wait to pass through the four locks,

We passed through the richest of archaeological wonderlands.

opened but once a week to lower boats one hundred Across the river from the town of Aswan, four miles feet to the river below, we portaged around the dam, below the dam, we had the rare privilege of taking dodged through the First Cataract, and entered the our first photographs of a newly excavated 4600year land of the fellahin, so called the "Narrow Kingdom"old tomb of a great Egyptian general of the Old because south of the Delta only the banks of the Kingdom. We watched in rapt fascination as archaeolNile, never more than ten miles wide, are settled ogists from the Cairo Museum carried out the delicate

and cultivated. The borders of Egypt enclose a land operation of exhuming the general's mummified wife,

area equal to Texas and New Mexico combined, yet adorned with a beaded breastcloth, from a crypt in a population of 24,000,000, well over three times that the side of the mausoleum. As a parting gift one of

of Texas, is compressed into a long, slender oasis with the scientists gave me a skull that he had dug up a total area no larger than Southern California, comduring the excavation, a priceless souvenir, to say prising just three percent of the Egypt shown on the the least, but one that nearly got me shot later on maps. Small wonder that the Nile is so anxiously when a curious native policeman discovered it in my

studied and watched over, with $1,000,000 being kayak and was positive he had caught a murderer spent every year on hydrological research alone as redhanded!

the river's volume and flow becomes more and more During the succeeding weeks we passed through crucial to the expanding population. the richest of archaeological wonderlands. Our

Since civilization began, this lush ribbon, threading progress, still hampered by strong northerly wind and its way for 960 miles through the dead deserts of rough water was interrupted almost daily while we

Egypt, has been born afresh with the Nile's annual visited the marvelous monuments of Egypt's glorious flood, when the banks are inundated with water richly past. At the Ptolemaic Temple of Kom Ombo, once

laden with fertilizing silt brought down from the buried under sand, we saw the shrine where Sebek,

Ethiopian highlands. This sediment, a foreign subthe crocodileheaded god, was worshiped and examstance in the geological structure of North Africa, ined the mummified bodies of sacred crocodiles kept

raises the level of the banks four inches every century, as pampered pets by the temple priests over 2000 years so that they are now seven feet higher than in Cleoago. We marveled at the artistic and unblemished

patra's time and seventeen feet deeper than when proportions of the Temple of Edfu with its enormous the pyramids were built. Herodotus, "Father of twin pylon towers 112 feet high, another architectural

History,"precisely expressed the inseparable relationtriumph of the Ptolemies, built over a period of 180 ship between river and kingdom in his famous years and completed about 200 B.C. At Karnak, two

axiom: "Egypt is the gift of the Nile."Without the miles north of modern Luxor, we wandered around

mud and water of the Nile there would never have the 200 acre expanse of the most colossal ruin in been an Egypt, and without Egypt the whole course existence, a confusing jigsaw puzzle of brown sandof world history would have been radically altered. stone and granite, which, for the last hundred years

The end of the journey from Aswan to Rosetta.

MAY I960 Across the river from Karnak we explored the western shore of Thebes, the most magnificent and richest city of the ancient world and the imperial capital of the pharaohs during the golden Empire period (1580 B.C.-1150 B.C.) when Egypt's political

power and culture reached their zenith. We saw

Thebes as one broad Necropolis, guarded by the monstrous Colossi of Memnon, two portrait statues of Amenophis III, sixtyfive feet high, seated out on the green plains in lonely isolation. Along the base

and in the valleys of the gaunt, precipitous cliffs rising beyond the sitting figures, we toured the world's most unusual and extensive cemetery where for 550 years most of the royal house of the empire were buried, kings hidden in individual sepulchers deep in the floors and walls of one secluded valley, and the queens similarly entombed in another secret basin a mile south. The nobles and Thebans of wealth and importance had their own special graveyard near the

Ramesseum, the mortuary temple of Rameses II,

Near the mouth of the Nile, three soldiers appeared on where we viewed the largest statue in Egypt, a granite astride right Arathe bank monolith of Rameses weighing close to one thousand

I stallions. bian. Left: fulfilled a boyhood ambition by tons.

climbing to the top of the From Thebes we followed the Nile's last loop, a

Great Pyramid.

miniature of its great curvature in the Sudan, approaching within sixtyfive miles of the Red Sea at Qena, where feluccas were being loaded with fine white clay water jugs, Qena's principal export used throughout Egypt for storing water or for irrigation.

We had become accustomed, upon our arrival at villages in Nubia, to being received with friendly but reserved dignity; but the response was alarmingly

reversed in Egypt proper where our appearance at a riverside village elicited a tumult of excitement among the mercurial people who inquisitively crowded around us, chattering at the top of their voices!

Nothing about the appearance or customs of the archaeologists have been patiently striving to piece people we encountered was suggestive of modern together. It was once the religious center of ancient times. At times we felt as if we had been transEgypt where sixteen distinct temples, a huge sacred ported back to the days of the pharaohs. Certainly

lake, the tallest obelisks in Egypt, and innumerable a serf of Pharaoh would feel right at home in a village monuments, archways, and statues were constructed of his twentieth century descendants, whose physique over a period of 1900 years. The stupendous Temple and coloring, humble mud dwellings, and simple vegeof Amun, nearly a quarter of a mile long with ten tarian diet are unaltered counterparts of his own

massive pylons, dominates the vast rectangle; a strucantique world. In fifty centuries little has been added

ture which for sheer magnitude surpasses all other to or subtracted from the pathetic existence of Egypt's edifices in Egypt, modern or ancient. We felt like peasant class, now numbering 17,000,000 souls or

Lilliputians when we stood in the hypostyle hall with seventy percent of the present population. All essenits forest of 134 mammoth columns. The gigantic tial features of their lives are an embodiment of the

chamber comprises only onefifth of the temple yet daily life of old Egypt which we had seen so graphhas an area of 5 r450 square yards—large enough to ically portrayed in the vivid murals of the royal

hold the whole Notre Dame cathedral with room to tombs. They have been alternately invaded by the

spare. Assyrians, Babylonians, (Continued on page 364)

324 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA IF YOU YOUNG or young at heart If you live in New England or New South Wales, in Alaska or Argentina, the new Youth Section which begins in the July Era will be for you. Each issue will bubble

with exciting articles and stories I about the many things of interest to youth—hobbies, sports, school,

dating, professions, new ways to have fun, LDS teens in the news, what the gospel really means, etc.

You'll enjoy the sharp photographs and drawings. You'll like the modern

and youthful way the material is presented, plan now to keep a monthly date with the rest of the youth of the

Church, starting with the July Era.

The mission call was really to the whole Wood family. If they had not cooperated in sympathy and

faith, Aunt Jody's good work would have been quite impossible. She accepted the call with fear and

trembling. She asked not only that the bishop go

with her to help with his faith and his priesthood, but "she asked that her family pray for her, and they knelt in prayer in her behalf,"cherishing sympathy and concern for her on her errand of mercy. Her

husband placed his hands on her head and blessed by Albert R. Lyman her that she might have wisdom and guidance in

the difficult situations she had to meet.

She got books and studied. More than that she

remembered the admonition of the Lord: "... seek

Back again at their log cabins on the hill, with the learning, by study and also by faith."Her progress

new baby, with all their intense and soulbuilding in understanding was phenomenal, as was her inexperience of the past eventful year, and with Aunt

Emma ready and able to help with the new and shecreasedlookedpowerand inobtainedprayer.knowledge,Another sourcewas thetoIndians.which

heavier burden, they were ready, without being aware At first afraid of them, she later gleaned from them of it, to hear the important call to their life's mission.

all they would tell about herbs and roots and leaves

Sister Haskell, the nursewoman was gone, and Bluff having medicinal properties.

had to have someone to take her place. They couldn't

Quoting from Kate Hansen: "Herbs were gathered,

have met this new and difficult call before; they were dried and steeped for everybody from grandpa down

not needed before. The Providence which was shapto the baby. Hops, catnip, pennyroyal, lobelia flower,

ing their affairs of Bluff, had them ready when the and cactus poultices were made. 'Brigham tea'* was a

time came. daily drink in the spring. Milkweed for dropsy, peppermint and sage for other ailments.

"We had some rather strange experiences with the

Indians. One day when Paddy and his squaw were

in the house, my sister Jennie, got up to close a window because of an approaching sandstorm. As

she passed the squaw, she put her hands on the squaw's shoulders, giving her a little shake and saying, 'Moocho shei,'meaning, very cold. It happened that

.the squaw was afflicted with epilepsy, and she fell

at that moment into one of her fits of unconsciousness.

Paddy jumped up and left the room, and soon returned with a number of other Piutes. It became

quite a terrible situation. We had Uncle Kumen

Jones and Aunt Mary come and act as interpreters.

The Indians declared that if the squaw died, they would kill Jennie: a life for a life.

"Every minute was making it a more fearsome situation, with the woman showing no signs of recovery. The Indians danced and sang weird songs,

working themselves up to a furious pitch in which they might do almost anything. Aunt Jody prepared

a cup of tea, and the Woods and Jones people were doing everything they could think of to ease the situation, when the squaw revived. However, when

she died, two years later, Paddy came declaring that

Jennie was responsible for her death, and the only

* "Brigham tea"sometimes was nothing more than hot water with milk or cream and sugar; at other times it was made of herbs,

It became a terrible situation. And I clung to my dear children. suchlike teaas andany takenof thewithgenusor withoutEphedra milk(mountainand sugar.rush). It was steeped

326 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA thing to answer his arguments was a sack of flour, loaded, he had shot his squaw, and she was in terrible some meat, and some potatoes."agony. With no faith in the incantations, the feathers,

Her unusual experiences with the Indians of early rattles, and medicine bags of the Piute doctors he

San Juan would make quite a story in itself. Realizing rushed to this brave white woman whose magic power

that she and her loved ones, along with everyone else commanded respect wherever it was known.

in this remote settlement were very much at the The bigsouled white woman went with him in mercy of the Navajos and Piutes all around them, haste to the sorrowing wickiup, eager and prayerful she could not fail to see the danger and sense the fear to do whatever was within her power. The bullet

of what could happen. She knew, however, that she of that big gun had torn its way through the squaw's

must never betray that fear to them. Indians respect body from right to left just above her hips, working

bravery more than strength. terrible havoc with her internal organs. She was

One day when she was at home alone, the quarrelbeyond all medical aid, and the white doctor could some Piute, Posey, stalked in, gun in hand, and, wavonly shake her head and mingle her tears with theirs, ing the gun in a menacing way, he demanded that especially for the two little boys soon to be mothershe prepare a meal for him to eat. Posey could be less.

quite ugly enough when he was sober, but now he In spite of her sympathy for the unfortunate was inflamed with some kind of "firewater."He beIndians, the thousands of Navajos just across the river

came a wild man, fearsome to see and to hear. Aunt to the south and the Piutes on all other sides, she

Jody happened just then to have no bread in the had to limit her services to them; she had more to do

house and nothing to set at once before him. What than one woman should be expected to do, without

did she have with which to meet the crisis? She had them. All the same, when they came with their sick

her wondrous selfcontrol, a power so majestically people, she did what she could, and told them what superior to anything the wild Piute had ever possessed to do. Her reputation echoed away through the

that he was compelled by instinct to respect it. wilderness to distant camps and hogans, and sick folk

Walking boldly forward she took the big gun from came toiling in over rocks and sand hills to avail his hands, and told him to take a seat. Then, apthemselves of her skill.

praising the situation for its possibilities and demands, A horse thief who had been shot in the face and she began preparing some biscuits for the oven and had an ugly, festering wound waited in Bluff for days a pot of strong coffee. Hot coffee and hot bread while she got the poison out of it so it could heal.

being chief items in the Indian diet, the Wood folk Another man, Frank Hyde, had a ghastly gash on his kept it on hand, even though they never used it themface and neck with gangrene threatening his very life, selves. During the unavoidable delay in the preparaand when his brother took him to a doctor in Durango

tion of the meal, Posey sat on his chair as commanded, the doctor had him come back to Bluff and to Aunt but like the little whipped dog that still dares to bark Jody, who treated the big sore till it became a harmless under his breath, he grumbled and swore, saying, scar.

"Hurry up, white squaw heap slow."When Amasa Barton was shot at Rincone, ten miles

When he had devoured a lot of buttered biscuits down the river from Bluff, and the word was brought and washed them down with big cups of coffee, he by a Piute sent by Barton's wife, a wave of cold terror was somewhat sobered, and asked for his gun. passed through the defenseless little town. Only six

"No,"affirmed the courageous woman, for if the of its men were home at that time, the others being gun in his hands gave him any superior power to away on the range, the freightroad, or elsewhere, to command, in her hands it gave her the same power. make their hardearned living. By nighttime, five

"You go home and sleep,"she commanded, "and of those six men had gone down the river where when you come back a good Indian, you can have Mrs. Barton, her mother, and her two little children

the gun."awaited among an aroused horde of savages. Barton's

Next day he returned and, putting his face rather murderer had accidentally killed his Navajo comhesitantly through the doorway, he declared, "Me panion, and to shield himself from his people had now good Injun, my gun me wantem."He got it, and told them the killing was done by the storeman.

with it a solemn order never to come there again when Word came to Bluff that a band of angry Navajos he was drunk. He never did. were headed in their direction, and they waited in

But he did come there again in great excitement, terror, expecting to be massacred. This message to

the excitement of terror. He came afoot and on the the people told them to get all the cartridges out of

run across the fields from the group of wickiups on the little store and all available cartridges from the river bank at the mouth of Cottonwood Wash. In everywhere else in town and hide them, since that

a foolish gesture, with a gun that he thought was not would, no doubt, be (Continued on page 344)

MAY I960 327

REDWOOD IS WIDELY USED FORArchitect:SCHOOLDonald F.BUILDINGSHaines. A. I.A.

for very practical as well as aesthetic considerations. Certified Kiln Dried redwood provides exceptional res/stance

to weather, decay and even fire... can be easily maintained at minimum cost.

Architect: Edward B. Page, A. I. A. Architects: Campbell & Wong

REDWOOD'S DECORATIVE GRAIN PATTERNS and subtle color variaSAW-TEXTURED REDWOOD was used for this small comtions contribute so much to the warmth and beauty of interiors that the mercial building to create an atmosphere of pleasant inforwood is often left in its natural state or given only a light, invisible finish. mality and because of the wood's natural compatibility with

The beautiful redwood ceiling also provides a high degree of insulation. other materials such as glass and concrete.

Isn't it fortunate that redwood is also a very versatile wood?

California Redwood has a warm, natural beauty, an instant appeal, a distinctive charm that sets it apart from

other woods. Isn't it fortunate, then, that redwood is so versatile? Its ability to hold any type of or to finish—

"age"beautifully when unfinished—makes it equally at home indoors or out. And redwood's

versatility is further enhanced by a wide range of grain patterns, color variations and textures.

Write Department 36 for copy of "REDWOOD HOMES—Ideas from Architects'Own Homes".

All the wonderful warmth of wood... lastingly yours In redwood.

CALIFORNIA REDWOOD ASSOCIATION 576 SACRAMENTO STREET SAN FRANCISCO CERTIFIED KILN DRIED REDWOOD

i960 CALIFORNIA REDWOOD ASSOCIATION

Conducted by the Unified Church School System

by William E. Berrett

Vice Administrator of the Unified Church School System

Sometimes, when we say that we have a framethemselves. Yet such scholarship is necessary if we

work of gospel doctrine, that we have all accepted, are to accomplish the task to which he committed us.

the question arises, "What else is there to investigate?"We should learn the history, the cultures, the cus-

"What scholarship can we show in an area where the toms of all peoples; otherwise we cannot approach

last word has been said?"But some words remain them and teach them the gospel. What an assignto be said. ment to us as a people! As a Church we have scarcely

The founding of this Church required men to be begun to acquire the scholarship that is necessary disposed to learning. One example of this demand for the consummation of this task. We must train

was the task of translating a great document from whole segments of our people in these fields. We

a language that no one on earth understood. The must train our people to translate our scriptures,

work required tremendous understanding—so great, our textbooks, our pamphlets into all the languages

in fact, that without God's help it could not have been spoken by the peoples of the earth.

done. Almost in the beginning the Lord commanded One thing one must know, of course, if he is going

the members of the Church to study and learn, to teach the gospel is the gospel itself, and that is and he enumerated as subjects almost the entire curno simple assignment. To know what is contained

riculum of a university, secular and religious. in the four standard works is a real accomplishment.

all his days and still be In announcing the purpose of the Church the A man could study them

Prophet introduced a program stupendous in its scope, ignorant of many things. In addition we should know

and he introduced it at a time when he had just a about the governments and laws of all the nations handful of followers. He accepted the task of conon the earth so that when we go into other countries

verting the whole world to the restored gospel of we can teach within the framework of the laws of

Jesus Christ. Such a vast program requires a people those countries.

who are learned. In the first place we can't speak In 1832 the Prophet called the missionaries home

to the peoples of the earth unless we know their and set up a school, the School of the Prophets, in languages. Joseph Smith committed us, as a people, order to prepare missionaries to go out into the field.

to learn all of the languages of the earth, not indiThe list of subjects taught in that school looks like a vidually, perhaps, but collectively. Few if any other list from a liberal arts college. The Prophet thought

people on the face of the earth have so committed the Bible scholar should know Hebrew, so he hired a Hebrew scholar, Professor Seixas from Oberlin ''From an informal talk given to Seminary teachers. College, to teach them that language. What an

330 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA example the Prophet was setting in scholarship! who registers and pays his fees at a university. I

After fourteen weeks only two of the students knew wish all such were students, but they are not.

much Hebrew—Joseph Smith and Orson Pratt, and Until you have reached the point in your search

only Joseph Smith ever attempted to give discourses for knowledge where you are sincerely devoted to in the interpretation of the Hebrew Bible. But the finding the answer to a problem, you are not a

point I am getting at is this: The Church began with student.

a program that required men to learn, and it is the I want to point out that studious men have done same today. much for this Church. From the beginning men have

The Prophet Joseph had had little opportunity to been encouraged to learn—schools have been set

go to school himself, but he realized the scholarship up before anything else in every community. We

which this people must possess if they were to carry are a people dedicated to learning. We are encourout their Godgiven task. He started schools—grade aged in every field of learning. Learned men have

schools and high schools for the children in Kirtland given us great interpretations of the scriptures. Orson

and night schools for all the adults of the Church, Pratt, largely selfeducated but certainly worthy of and especially for all who were going into the mission the title "a learned man,"was a man who could write field. An oftrepeated commandment of the Lord textbooks in calculus for use on the college level.

in the Doctrine and Covenants is the commandment James E. Talmage, B. H. Roberts, and many others

to study and learn, and gain knowledge, and that is have had a lasting effect on our people. Many of the

repeated in the Doctrine and Covenants in more than interpretations of the gospel of Jesus Christ that have fifty places! deeply affected us have come from scholars who

We should take cognizance of the method of study sought the truth with all their hearts and with faith designated by the Lord: "Seek learning, even by study prayed to God for understanding. That effort will

and also by faith."(D&C 88:118.) The Prophet always be necessary.

Joseph in his studies came to realize the one thing It is difficult to read and understand the ancient which all scholars in this Church should realizescriptures. I am reminded of the words of Nephi

there are many media for gaining knowledge. We who, writing about Isaiah—his own countryman who

may gain knowledge from people around us, from had lived 250 years or so before Nephi—remarks how

books others have written, from experiences they have difficult it is to understand Isaiah. We are removed

had—but we may also gain knowledge directly from not merely 250 years from Isaiah, but nearly 3000

God, when approached in faith. That source of years, and we live in a culture foreign to his, yet we

knowledge has not changed. There are many areas try to read and understand. No wonder that we

in which all the research in the world, of all the sometimes come up with differences of understandlearned men in the world, avails nothing. Only from ing. We need men who know the Hebrew people,

God can we learn the answers. That door is not understand the Hebrew language and Hebrew backclosed. We believe in a continuation of revelation. grounds, men who can help us understand that which

In the areas of spiritual things we will make no the ancient prophets wrote.

contribution if we do not seek the guidance of the We are to lead the world: The Lord said, "Go out

Lord. and teach the world, not be taught by them,"in this

Unless we are seekers after truth, we will never field. In many fields, of course, we get much from

have a revelation, nor will the President of the Church the world, and we can here. We often have to get

or anyone else. "Ask, and it shall be given you; seek, our knowledge of Hebrew and Greek and Latin from

and ye shall find; knock, and it shall be opened unto the world, but in the fields of understanding of the

you."(Matt. 7:7.) In those three brief phrases, utgospel of Jesus Christ we are to teach the world.

tered many centuries ago, Jesus invited the student That is a commission to us.

to get busy. If you have no problem, if you are not I am sure we are all aware that there are dangers

seeking the answer to a problem, there is no revelain educating the mind if we are not also guided by tion. If the investigator of this gospel does not bethe Spirit. That is no new thing; it has been true

come a student, if he does not desire to know the in all ages: I think you are familiar with the passage

truth, he will never get a revelation; and without which occurs in the book of 2 Nephi:

a revelation he cannot be converted, for it is the an- "O that cunning plan of the evil one! O the vainswer of the Spirit to his inquiry that leads a student ness and frailties, and the foolishness of men! When

who desires the truth. A student is not merely one they are learned they think they are wise, and they

MAY I960 331

hearken not unto the counsel of God, realize, to their sorrow, that God If you knowT the truth, you surely for they set it aside, supposing they required of them in this world not must teach the truth!

know of themselves, wherefore, their only obedience to his revealed will, We cannot understand the Old wisdom is foolishness and it profiteth but a searching after his purposes Testament without a knowledge of them not. And they shall perish."and plans."the Book of Mormon, without a

(2 Nephi 9:28.) We are in need of great scholarknowledge of the understanding of

There is a danger that one can ship, especially in spiritual fields. God which this group of people

become so learned that he doesn't First, of course, we need to study fresh out of Hebrew land brings to think God can add anything to his the scriptures so that we can correanother continent. Surely that reknowledge. That is a terrible state! late one with the other. flects back upon what their ancestors

Such a man pits his knowledge Do you know your scripture? I must have known in the Old World

against that which the Lord has fear that not all do, for we have some before they left. We must have

said and sets at naught the counsel who are teaching certain of the scholarly study of the four standard of God. Now Jacob was not against parables of Jesus following the inworks of the Church. We have no

learning. He made that clear by terpretations of Protestant writers excuse not to know them. We are

adding this sentence: "But to be such as Dr. Butterick or Harry Emerexpected to know them. That does

learned is good if they hearken unto son Fosdick when the Savior himnot mean we shall all understand the counsels of God."( Idem 29. self has given an interpretation in every passage the same way; that

this in world. the of will never Doctrine Covenants happen and I attitude that the defined am sure

is of uniformity those interpretations parables, no There the human same is especially the one Jacobby we in reach gentleharmony mind. at variance But with those do what wewant. passage from A

inat. things. languages arrived I say The have many Joseph men we Now is similar:Smith's writings

lack scholarship in the scriptures volved, the various translations by "Man was created to dress the when we are not aware that the which the Old Testament, for examearth and to cultivate his mind and Savior's interpretation of the parable ple, comes down to us gives cause glorify God. It therefore cannot of the "Ten Virgins"is in the Docfor variance of views. How much

in this early for us amiss periodbe translathese about are doing know do we disciples of theto urge our the the them? who did an tions? men Lord trinea disserviceand Covenants.if we areWeteaching

to study, to show themselves apinterpretation which is at variance councils that determined what proved in all things, for when a with the author of the parable! should be preserved? There are

disciple, as at Paul educated even to of defor us areas study that the enough be aware We should is feet ofthe Gamaliel, guided by if to, rest of the our lives vote of the Tares"parable we and "Wheat the Holy Spirit, he not only edifies is referred to in two sections of the have the desire and the ambition.

his fellow beings correctly but he Doctrine and Covenants. Do we Now, another area of much

faculties hisimproves scholarship the Savior needed what agreeable to know said to Joseph 1the will of God."of the to relative the backgrounds of the Smith the parable is NewconcerningTestaAlso, I want to present an edi- "Wheat and Tares?"Do we know ment? How much do we know

torial which appeared in the Deseret that the "Laborers in the Vineyard"about the Greek philosophies of

News on February 7, 1852. The is discussed by the Savior in a revelathat day and the contact of the

author is unknown, but the language tion to Joseph Smith in the Doctrine gospel of Jesus Christ with those and the philosophy sound like Brigand Covenants? The parable of the philosophies—the repercussions and

ham Young. "Twelve Olive Trees,"the parable the compromises, if you will? To

"Knowledge, or intelligence, is of the "Unjust Judge"—these are just have this scholarship we need to

progressive, here and hereafter. examples. know the languages involved. We

Some have supposed that it would When we teach the New Testaare just beginning to find out how make but little difference with them ment and the parables of our Lord, badly we need this scholarship, men whether they learned much or litdo we go to other scriptures which who know the gospel because they tle, whether they attained to all the record the Savior's instructions in have lived it and breathed it from intelligence within their reach or the same areas? In many instances their early years, and who know the

not, while they tarry in this world after the Savior had used a parable, languages because they have studied believing that if they paid their tiththe twelve would get him off to himthem from the foundation up. We

ing, went to meetings, said their self and say, "What did you mean need such men to translate the gosprayers, and performed those duties today?"and the explanation is repel of Jesus Christ into other tongues.

which were especially commanded, corded in the New Testament. But In the field of history we also

that it would be well with them and the explanation is not there for many need scholarship, both in the histhat as soon as they should lay off of the parables, and concerning the tory of religion throughout the world this mortal body they should see as meaning of these there is disagreeand in the history of this people.

they are seen and know as they are ment. The late B. H. Roberts gave up hope

known. But this is a mistaken idea Surely you should not teach the of finding the date when the Book

and will cause every soul to mourn Old Testament without a thorough of Mormon was published, but it was who embraces and practices it. When understanding of the Pearl of Great found about fifteen years ago by

that soul arrives in the world of Price and the visions of Enoch and Elder Francis Kirkham, while he was resurrected bodies, should it be so of Moses. How can you teach any searching through the files of the

fortunate as to get there, they will subject properly without a knowlold Manchester Guardian. Just a

little just line or advertisement, a is available a edge upon of what

Phillips, B. The Restoration Movement A.

issue of in the truth? subject. appearing two, March Saints, Latterday p. 204. the know theand Do you

332 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA do most What an -buyin committees want?

"What considerations are foremost in selectOnly Baldwin offers your organist a full range ing a church organ?"This is the question which of traditional organ tone plus the unique addiBaldwin asked across the nation. Back came tional resources of tone made possible by modthe virtually unanimous reply—"TONE!"ern electronics!

Church committees want to know how the Listen to the Baldwin. You will agree, as

organ basically sounds and what variety of have more than 15,000 churches throughout sounds it can produce. the world, that the Baldwin Organ can most

A Baldwin in your church will provide the effectively meet your musical requirements.

sound you desire to enrich every moment of For more detailed information concerning the the service. Each basic organ tone family selection of a new organ for your church, you

Diapason, Flute, String and Reed—is repare invited to send in the coupon for Baldwin's

resented on the Baldwin by an extensive free informative book, complement of independentlyvoiced stops. "Questions and Answers."

THE BALDWIN PIANO COMPANY, Dept.J-lQ

CINCINNATI 2, OHIO Send me FREE BOOK "Questions and Answers"about Baldwin Organs.

NAME.

ADDRESS.

CITY.ZONE, STAT E MAY I960 333

BENNETT'S KriliKote of18, Mormon1830, that willannouncedbe off "Thethe pressBook powersorganizationand ofdutiesthe Churchof the orpriestthe during the week, and for sale at hood. These are fixed by the word

such and such a place."The issue of the Lord to us in the only wayINSTANT PAINT the week following, on the 25th, they could be fixed. I hope we do

bearing again two or three lines of not feel that our style is cramped advertisement, "The Book of Morbecause we are not at liberty to mon is now off the press and is throw the revelations aside and start available at this place."So between afresh.

the 18th and 25th of March, the

Book of Mormon issued from the God bless us as students and press. We didn't know that fifteen teachers of the gospel. May we get

years ago. the desire in our hearts to know well

I don't think anyone expects any the area we teach, so that we may of us to reconstruct the doctrine of speak with wisdom, that we may the Church in regard to our relationguide students aright, so that we ship to Deity, or to reconstruct the may be of service to the Lord.

u JUST OPEN AND STIR "A still and quiet conscience

Richard L. Evans

In recent weeks, we have commented on some essential qualities of character, including faith, integrity,

THE and courage—and today would turn for a moment

SPOKEN or two to the question of a quiet conscience, which

WORD is, in a sense, simply selfrespect, the real respect that comes with being free from the inward accusation that surely follows offenses. J. A. PetitSenn, more than a century ago, said, "A good conscience never costs as much as it

is worth."1 Shakespeare said it in this sentence: "I feel within me

a peace above all earthly dignities, A still and quiet conscience."-

And Austin Phelps added: "A disciplined conscience is a man's

best friend.—It may not be his most amiable, but it is his most

faithful monitor."3 And from Joseph Addison comes this comment,

PAINT YOUR ROOM "A good conscience is to the soul what health is to the body; it

preserves constant ease and serenity within us,..."4 And from

Sir Walter Raleigh, "... the justice of God doth require none other

accuser than our own consciences...."5 To these we would add

two short citations from the Epistles of Paul: "Pray for us: for we

trust we have a good conscience, in all things willing to live honestly."6 And "... finally, brethren, whatsoever things are true,

whatsoever things are honest, whatsoever things are just, whatsoever things are pure,... think on these things."7 All this to some

may sound like a citation of platitudes and of oldfashioned axioms, but such factors are indispensable to all satisfactory personal and professional and public relationships in life—and to the whole working of the world. (And parenthetically, whatever pertains to the

people personally. ) Without the basic virtues no one can continue

confidently to do business with anyone, nor can anyone find peace or abiding satisfaction inside himself. And what sometimes seems

CLEAN UP WITH WATER impractical or idealistic, proves, in fact, to be the only practical

Easier painting! No solvents. No fumes. No mess. or workable relationship between men and between the organizaBennett's KriliKote comes ready to use (if thintions they create to front for them. Despite all the cynical may say,

ning is desired, just add water). Gives walls a rich there is always the irrevocable accounting a man keeps inside himflat finish, cures to a tough film that's washable. self—and honesty and fairness and freedom from offense are essential

1,322 Colorizer colors! to a quiet conscience and to sincere selfrespect.

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the

Columbia Broadcasting System, February 28, 1960. Copyright 1960.

1JeanAntoine PetitSerin. 5Sir Walter Raleigh, To the

History Henry VIII, Act of the World. CcHnyuzem 2Shakespeare,III, sc. 2, 1. 378. 13:18. "Hebrews

Phelps. 3Austin Thilippians 4:8.

Addison. Joseph65 W. 1st South PAINTS 2 1st So. & 2nd West Bennett's Branches

and Dealers in the Intermountain Area and So. California

and Dealers in the Intermountain Area and So. Calif.

334 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Of 7 mentThe hascontinualkept copperintroductionproductionof moderna successfulequipbusiness in Utah. At Kennecott's Bingham Mine,

for example, huge electric shovels handle enormous quantities of ore and waste rock efficiently—something men with picks and hand shovels

couldn't possibly do.

In the same tradition, accounting machines are used by Kennecott's comptroller's department.

This machine accounting system supplies management with information vital to operations—

more promptly and accurately than could have been achieved by yesterday's methods.

Working with enormous numbers of facts and figures, machine accounting is fast, efficient and thorough. For example, it calculates pay rate,

hours worked and any of 200 payroll deductions to produce 1,000 pay checks an hour. It keeps

an upto-date inventory of 46,000 supply items and makes information on them available at a moment's notice. It provides needed metallurgical data in less than a tenth of the time it would

have taken before machines came on the job.

Even now, plans are under way to achieve tomorrow what is impossible today. The machine

accounting system will be expanded to be a more valuable aid to management in the future. This

is another step by Kennecott to help assure continued copper production by improving operations.

Utah CopperDivision Kennecott Copper Corporation

PROUD TO BE PART OF A GROWING UTAH

MAY I960 335

Along the Susquehanna River digging after it"; which is quite diflater writing ability, one naturally

ferent from the reports of enemies supposes that he corresponded regu- (Continued from page 309) of the Church a few years later, larly with Emma.

claiming that Joseph Smith on his Of these days the mother writes life, and after her marriage both she own accord entered the Harmony that both she and her husband "were and Joseph had their favorite riding district with his "peep stone,"depleased with his choice..."and

horses and were often seen riding luding the farmers and obtaining "requested him to bring her home in the country. About eight months money under false pretenses. The with him and live with us,"for

after her marriage, Mother Smith truth is, it was almost a year after they had a new eightroom home gives us a vivid picture of Emma Joseph's marriage before he received recently finished. (For the history

astride an estray horse, racing five the Urim and Thummim. (History of this Smith home and how it was

miles to Macedon to warn her husof Susquehanna County, pp. 104, lost to the Smith's before Joseph's

band that the plates were in danger. 105 and Appendix, pp. 578, Church marriage, see Grant, op. cit., p. 69;

One can see black locks waving and Historian's Library. Lucy Smith, op. cit., pp. 9299;

her light cloak flapping as she urged With the mining venture over Grant "The Joseph Smith Home,"her horse forward to tell her husshortly after Thanksgiving time, The Improvement Era, December band that strangers were searching Joseph bade a temporary adieu to 1959.)

for the plates where Joseph had his newfound friend, Emma Hale, In imagination one watches with hidden them in the woods after reand went forty miles northward up interest that 128mile trip to Harceiving them from Moroni. Upon the Susquehanna River and worked mony and sees the joyous meeting

delivering her message, Emma and that winter for Josiah Stoal on his after an absence of some six months.

Joseph returned at once upon their ranch at South Bainbridge. It seems Then came disappointment. Isaac

horses to the Smith farm. (Lucy Hale in his affidavit made in 1834

Smith, History of the Prophet, p. states that he stopped the marriage.

107; Grant, ibid., p. 55.) AND ITS NAME IS "CHINOOK"For one thing, Joseph lacked a month

Into the Hale home, where Emma or two of being of age; but he states

was now the chief cook, being the by Ethel Romig Fuller that his chief objection lay in the oldest girl unmarried, strode Joseph There is a wind, a wild, sweet wind, fact that Joseph Smith "was too

Smith in his working attire, coming That turns the snow where it drifted visionary to suit him,"neither did as a regular boarder. He stepped the meadows he have sufficient of "this world's

little table, that supper goods."to Emma's complainedup He also quicksilver pools, tremulously To

"... real of that the followed a busidreaming purpose Smith Joseph pinned

his into Pennsylvania not approve,"ness havcoming that I could was earth aspen shadows, by To greening visions, lost silver t.) find—not the a ing reference to Joseph's mine at ailin the are mirrored clouds And

but something far better. shallows. golden plates, and the promise of a

Emma Hale at this time is denew Church.

scribed as being "in her pride of A wind that dances out of the south Although Emma Hale was standbeauty—fullymatured, charmingly Fetching petals and lambs. As it ing ready—dowry and all—for marfigured, her face framed by jetblack passes, riage, being mistress of her own

locks and set off by dark, sparkling Spring is a kiss on the startled mouth. choice in the matter, for she was in

eyes."(Grant, op. cit., p. 49.) AnDandelions gild the grasses. her twentythird year and stoutly

other writer says of Emma that she And bog lands open singing classes. maintained it her right to marry the

"was quite tall, of comely form and man of her choice, still because of features, well educated, a fine singer, the father's objections, coupled with and very sociable."( Hist, of Susqueprobable that by late spring the couthe fact of Joseph's age, the marriage

hanna County, p. 545.) ple had arranged their marriage for was postponed.

While early November 1825 the coming fall. The Prophet later Again the reader follows Joseph

slipped by, everyone at the Hale went northwestward 128 miles and up the Susquehanna River to the home could see that something more worked with his father that summer. Josiah Stoal ranch, then back down

romantic than mere board and That Emma Hale, during these the river road to work for a wellto- lodging arrangements was springmonths, prepared a very worthy do farmer, Joseph Knight, Sen.

ing up between this interesting dowry will be told later. Mother Speaking of the Prophet at this time,

couple. Mother Smith, who seemed Smith reports that Emma was an Joseph Knight, Jun., writes: "My

to know what was going on, writes: excellent seamstress, so proficient father hired many hands [he owned

"... it was during this interval [at that she could take raw material and three farms and a carding mill.] In

the home of Isaac Hale] that Joseph make it into clothing for the four 1827 he hired Joseph Smith. Joseph

became acquainted with his daughelders who went to Missouri on misand I worked and slept together.

ter, Miss Emma Hale, to whom he sions in 1830. (Lucy Smith, op. cit., My father said Joseph was the best

immediately commenced paying his p. 100.) hand he ever hired... he was about

addresses...."(Lucy Smith, op. cit., Shortly after Joseph, on Septem21 years of age.... My father and

p. 92.) ber 22, 1826, had received his third- I believed what he told us. I think

The Prophet writes that they dug year instructions near the roundwe were the first [to believe] after "for the silver mine... for nearly ing stone toward the top of the Hill his father's family."(Roberts, Com-

a month, without success in our Cumorah, he made ready to go to prehensive History of the Church, undertaking, and finally I prevailed Harmony and claim his sweetheart Vol. 1, p. 85.

with the old gentleman to cease in marriage. Knowing of Joseph's There is another side to this in336 HE IMPROVEMENT ERA

An Open Letter to Parents and Teachers

If the great New York Philharmonic is the changes, developments and Cities."Every week a wellknown

Orchestra were going to play in your political upheavals taking place in authority gives a new breath of life town tonight, would you urge the the world today. History before it's to an important literary work on

boys and girls in your class to athistory. History while it's still a this exceptionally informative protend? If the program said that news story! Edward R. Murrow and

Leonard Bernstein or Stokowski or Howard K. Smith narrate these proYOU REALIZE how

Mitropoulos were going to conduct grams. Your children will get to many KSL Radio promasterpieces of Beethoven or Mozart know men like Vice President Richgrams are worthy ofor Bartok, would you encourage your ard M. Nixon, playwright Archibald gram.DObeing made assignyoungsters to experience this imMacLeish, Dr. Clyde Kluckhohn, ments for specific classportant event? We feel that you Professor of Anthropology at Harroom discussions? Make it a habit

would. vard University. to glance at your local daily radio

the New people your young know Do how the girls boys sit before and who does fascinating can be news when they EveryYork Philharmonicweek schedules. For just to point out to the fine every opportuniyou day

play in almost every hear it from a man like Lowell ties they might be missing right in town across America, Thomas? He has been a cow their own homes, just to hint that

over CBS Radio. No one puncher, gold miner, college prothey might actually enjoy "Aida"

has to stir from home. No one has fessor, newspaper reporter, editor, or Haydn's "Surprise"Symphony

to buy a ticket. A radio is your front historian, lecturer, author of more or a special news program might be

seat. than 45 books. opening a career, planting an ambiThis fine broadcast is just one of Have you alerted your youngsters tion, enlarging life for them.

many programs on KSL Radio that to the fact that twice each day they To miss such an opportunity to open make a deliberate effort to bring to can travel to the remote corners of young minds to what lies so close you cultural, informative, educathe globe and get the news firsthand at hand, so eager for use, so ready tional and, just as important, enterfrom the finest news reporters in the to serve, so very worthwhile, might taining events that waken your world—the CBS News correspondbe to miss one of the great chalyoung people to new ideas and great ents? The programs are "World lenges of teaching. For what better

occasions, that teach them that the News Roundup"and "The World way can we stir these young minds arts are fosenjoying, that learning Tonight."The top newsmen like to think, to learn by doing, than by

is for living. Eric Sevareid, David Schoenbrun, suggesting they use their time for

Daniel Schorr and Winston Burdett something stimulating, something

Every week you and your children tell the story directly from the scene. constructive.

can attend the concerts of the magnificent Cleveland Symphony under In your classwork in government or If today radio stopped bringing such the direction of George Szell and history have you suggested that your events to your town, if the New

Associate Conductor Robert Shaw. students listen to "Capitol CloakYork Philharmonic no longer

They can also enjoy a weekly perroom,"and "The Leading Quesbrought Beethoven, if "World News formance of the Metropolitan Opera tion,"broadcast each week on Roundup"no longer took you to from New York City during its seaKSL Radio? They'll meet national Algiers and Tokyo, if the Metropolifor tan only performed Opera New leaders, get to their personknowson. So people young many have

if intelligent Yorkers, worldwide alities attitudes, get familiar andlearned over years the these from to sensagave programs news way affairs public important as theybroadcasts that "Carmen"and with if flashes, the headline only tool for tional learning Fine shape. take"Faust"and Butterfly""Madame latest rock available the were music future statesmen!are actually exciting stories; that 'n'roll recordings, then you and

opera singers, once appreciated, have Is your class aware that by listening your community would be striving as much to offer them as popular to "Face The Nation"on KSL Radio to improve the quality of radio.

singers; that intermission features they firsthand, hear, can opinions

is listening, you, your bylike Clifton Fadiman's interviews or figures, of leading as world informed interest, control your by whoEdward Downes'are "Opera Quiz"reporters question inGreat them? of quality the programminggreat fun. given spiration It for journalists, you them Have future an and to brought your young peoinkling of voters! fascinating such how ple, and and men womenworthwhile programs are? of

Do your young people know what tomorrow. Suppose, by your lack of

Has it occurred to you to tie in "The they are missing by not hearing enthusiasm, all these wonderful

Hidden Revolution"series over KSL "Invitation to Learning?"Recently things were no longer available, no

Radio with your discussions in curcritic Alfred Kazin discussed Mark longer waiting to be heard.

rent events and social sciences and Twain's "Life on the Mississippi."Wouldn't you as a teacher or parent

government? Last year this series Another week Perry Miller and make every effort to bring them

won the Peabody Award for outHoward Mumford Jones of Harvard back?

standing public service. The subject University discussed "A Tale of Two KSL

New York Philharmonic—Sunday 12:00 noon World Tonight—MondayFriday 8:45 p.m.

Metropolitan Opera—Saturday 1:00 p.m. Leading Question—Sunday 10:30 a.m.

Cleveland Orchestra—Sunday 11:00 a.m. Face The Nation—Sunday 7:30 p.m.

Lowell Thomas News—MondayFriday 5:45 p.m. Invitation to Learning—Sunday 8:05 a.m.

World News Roundup—MondaySaturday 6:00 p.m. (Advertisement)

MAY I960 337

teresting story. Emma's oldest sister in South Bainbridge, Chenango "after they [Joseph and Emma] arElizabeth Hale Wasson lived near County, New York, [January 18, rived at Palmyra, N.Y., Emma wrote

the Knight farm where Joseph 1827]. Immediately after my marto me inquiring whether she could

worked. How often Emma stayed a riage, I left Mr. Stoal's and went to have her property [or dowry], confew days with Elizabeth before my father's, and farmed with him sisting of clothing, furniture, cows,

Emma's marriage is not told, but that season."(DHC. Vol. 1, p. 17; etc. I replied that her property

after her marriage, both she and the Deseret News, January 12, 1948, was safe and at her disposal. In a

Joseph often made the Wasson home shows a picture of the Tarbill home, short time they returned [about ten their headquarters. In fact, this couwhich was torn down that season.) months later] and subsequently came

ple was visiting the Wassons when The mother of the Prophet, havto the conclusion that they would

Emma was baptized in a creek near ing received word of the delayed move out and reside upon a place the Knight home. They were also marriage of Joseph and Emma, and near my residence,"the threeroom

visiting here during Joseph's first that they were on their way home, house about 450 feet eastward where arrest and during his two trials. Of writes with joy: "I set myself to the oldest son Jesse had lived.

these days the Prophet writes: "... I work to put my house in order for For the story of the barrel of beans

... made my way in safety to my the reception of my son's bride [a we must jump northward from the

wife's sister's home, where I found twentytwo-yearold young woman], Hale home 128 miles to the Smith my wife awaiting with much anxiety and I felt all that pride and ambihome after Joseph has had the the issue of those ungodly proceedtion in doing so that is common to plates for about three months, where ings, and in company with her I mothers upon such occasions."(Lucy the mob has been so oppressive that

arrived next day [30 miles] in safety Smith, op. cit., pp. 94, 99. ) She says the Prophet could do no translatat my own house,"—his threeroomed it was "January"that "Joseph reing. It is about a week before

home in Harmony. A few years turned with his wife in good health Christmas 1827, and the Prophet had

later the families of Elizabeth and been married almost a year. Emma

Emma visited together. (DHC. Vol. was about three months'pregnant,

5, pp. 440448; Vol. 1, pp. 9596. DANDELIONS and since her parents have not seen

While Joseph and Emma waited her since her marriage, they sent a month or so for Joseph to become by Ethel Jacobson Alva, Emma's older brother, in a of age, they could have correwagon to bring Joseph and Emma to sponded, for there was mail and Yours is a neat and plain green Harmony to live in one of the Hale stage service between them. At lawn, homes. Since this move to a new

Christmas time Joseph became of But mine is starred with gold, state would aid Joseph and Emma age. Why he waited for two or A floral carpet for the dawn with their appointed mission, thev

three weeks to be married is not To dance on. Richly scrolled were soon loaded into the wagon, all

recorded, but it was the dead of winWith bright medallions, here the sod but the precious golden plates. Then

ter, and the snow could have been Is stitched with floss, finespun, he set about nailing the treasures that deep. Very likely by appointment, Where dandelion pompons nod, were six by eight inches and six

Joseph went to the Hale home. Yellow as the sun. inches thick in a small box; then,

Isaac Hale, according to his written putting this box at the bottom of a statement, was away for a few days, So gay and myriadpetaled they fortygallon barrel, he filled the barnot being home to object. That where they're cramped for rel with beans and nailed down the

Some years later Isaac Hale signed room lid. After a safe journey of three

a statement that not long after he I pull the rooted grass away days, this small box was taken out had refused to give his consent to To cultivate the bloom. of the beans at Isaac Hale's home.

the marriage, Joseph Smith "reYour lawn is green as verdigris—Isaac Hale says that after his son

turned, and while I was absent from But curl your toes in my golden Alva "... returned with Smith and

home, carried off my daughter into fleece! his family... I was informed that

the State of N.Y. where they were they had brought a wonderful book

married without my permission."of plates down with them. I was

Having marriage licenses, they were and fine spirits."Since both sides shown a box in which it was said

masters of their own affairs about of the house anticipated the marthey were contained, which had, to marriage. No one, not even the riage, it is rather unfair to Joseph all appearances, been used as a glass

parents, had a legal right to interSmith to say that he "stole"or "abbox"for "commonsized window fere, and it is very likely that Isaac ducted"this mature young woman. glass [possibly 10 x 12 inches.] I

Hale understood this common law In my opinion with all things conwas allowed to feel the weight of of the land. sidered, this marriage could hardly the box, and they gave me to underJoseph Smith's statement is brief be an elopement. It is very probable stand that the book of plates was

and to the point. "Owing to my that the Wassons supplied "board then in the box, into which, howcontinuing to assert that I had seen and lodgings"for the newly married ever, I was not allowed to look....

a vision... my wife's father's famcouple, and they could have been "After this I became dissatisfied,

ily were very much opposed to our witnesses at the marriage, for Elizaand informed him that if there was being married. I was, therefore beth was Emma's oldest sister. anything in my house of that deunder the necessity of taking her Neither Joseph nor Emma menscription, which I could not be alelsewhere [possibly to the Wasson tion Emma's dowry, but Isaac Hale, lowed to see, he must take it away,

home]; so we went and were marseeming a bit proud about the thrift if he did not, I was determined to see

ried at the house of Squire Tarbill, of his mature daughter, writes that it. After that the plates were said

338 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

The finest Bibles you can buy to be hid in the woods."(History of

Susquehanna County, p. 578.

About 450 feet eastward from the 02227x- $10.75

Hale home, but on the south side of Marrakesh Persian Morocco, half the street, and 125 feet westward circuit, leather lined. 64 pages of

from the new John the Baptist MonConcise Helps. Jasper selfpro-

"ument, stood Jesse Hale's threeBlacknouncingor Red.type.5x7Concordance.Vs, only i%6

roomed home, with one of these thick.

rooms in the attic. Under the

cellar, rockedin ahome was and 04434x—$10.95 the the riverbehind house below

bluff was a fine spring of water Thein redwordsin ofthisChristbeautifulare printedBible.

which is still flowing in 1960. ExBound in Morocco grain Calf,

plaining that she and Joseph soon half circuit. Brevier, selfpro-

moved from the Hale home to this nouncing, blackface type. Conthick.threeroomed house, Emma, when cordance. 5x714, only %"

asked by her oldest son, Joseph III, then President of the Reorganized 04884x- $14.95

Church, where they moved when Levant grain Calf, half circuit.

Isaac Hale was so determined to see New Long Primer type, modified the contents of the box, she replied self - pronouncing. Concordance.

very positively: "Your father [Jo- 5% x 8%, less than 1"thick.

seph] bought your Uncle Jesse's place off Father's farm, and we Authorized King James Version moved there till the Book of Mor-

I andmon was translated; think OXFORD Hist.,published."(Reorganized Ch. Oxford

beforepayment of $200 the deed was Quality PRESS to him.to be delivered

Joseph Smith fulfilled his contract and received the deeds to the threeroomed home and the 13V2 acres on

August 25, 1830. Three years later,

after moving to Kirtland, Ohio, the

Prophet sold this home to Joseph

McKune for $300, turning to him the deed on June 28, 1833. The LDS

Church purchased the McKune farm of about 80 acres, which included the Prophet's 18% acres, signing the deeds, February 7, 1947. A little

over a year later the Church secured the Isaac Hale farm, July 16, 1948.

This deed calls for 115 acres, less the land held by the Erie Railroad.

On May 15, 1959, the Church purchased 6 and 16/100 acres of land south of the railroad tracks, where it is supposed that the Aaronic

Priesthood was conferred by John the Baptist, May 15, 1829.

The following is a testimony of a man who lived in the Joseph Smith home: But no matter where it happens, The Salt Lake Tribune has someone there

"I, Rex B. Haws of Oakland, Susto cover it, report if and shoot it at the speed of light directly into the editorial

quehanna County, Pennsylvania, was born 31 October, 1888, and lived in office in Salt Lake City. That goes for pictures, too. Just look at the services

the original Joseph Smith home from providing news for Tribune readers: Associated Press and A. P. Wirephoto—

until 1909.1896 My greatgrandfather

Skinner,was Jacob and he moved to Reuters Worldwide Service—New York Times Service—Chicago Daily News

this area from Orange County, New Service—Chicago Tribune Service—Dow Jones Business News—New York

York, about 1814. He lived in a log News Service—United Press International—Plus a Tribune leased teletype

house about a mile below the Isaac

Hale property, and it was here that service and more than 100 correspondents to cover the Intermountain Area.

All in fbe j&rtt vtkt ttbxmt

MAY i960 339 YOUR SALT LAKE myborngrandfatherin 1826. NathanMy fatherSkinnerdiedwasin Whenmother mytried grandfatherto buy the died,property,my

living estate the in the but Barnes Smith too wanted for in grandfather 1908. mother much OPTICAL home],1899 [whileand my moved it, so my

"At the time I lived in the Joseph from there in 1909. Mr. Edward HEADQUARTERS Smith home, Benjamin McKune Beavons then bought the property

owned the property, but it was heav- [September 3, 1909].

EYEGLASSES ily mortgaged to Mr. Simon Barnes. "The Joseph Smith home was built

CONTACT LENSES ARTIFICIAL EYES The Quality ofKindness HEARING AIDS

Richard L. Evans

ANNOUNCING essential in past considered have weeks some 4 LOCATIONS We Now in Murray qualities faith character, the of including and 4792 South State THE courage and integrity from which come a quiet

SPOKEN conscience. In the recent remarks of an eminent The WORD British industrialist we find some others also added,

including the quality of kindliness: "Next I think I would choose

OPTICAL SHOP kindnesswellmet inor itsthewidestdogoodingsense. Not,that pleasetoo oftennot, goeseitherbythethehailfellow-name of

420 Boston Bldg. kindness, but in its real and true sense of active love for one's

fellow men, the sort of kindness that contains within itself generosity 1 This suggests 368 East First South of mind and spirit, courtesy and good temper."

1062 East 2 100 South some simple lines by an author whose name we do not know:

EM 3-5262 Salt Lake City, Utah For"I havethe weptshortnessin theofnightsight

That to somebody's need made me blind;

But I never have yet Felt a tinge of regret PORTABLE POWER For being a little too kind."2

is accomplished in life, personally and prof'onCUTS YOUR COSTS Everything that ally, publicly and privately, is affected by personal qualities of character, including the quality of kindliness. Discipline is essential at times. Facts must be faced. But how things are done is

often equally important with what is done. How things are said

is often equally important with what is said. A comment can be

criticaland kind, or critical and unkind—constructive—or destructive. Life has its problems for all, its days of discouragement, its

sorrows, its difficulties and disappointments; but much bitterness

and heartbreak can be softened by the quality of kindliness, which 3500 includes sincere consideration, and which excludes cruel or cutting

WATT sarcasm, ridicule, and every intent to embarrass, to insult, to deof life: in all relationships should grade. Kindness be cultivated

children; 10OKW—AllOther Sis—600Voltages,WattPhases.to between and sisters; teachers between brothers parents and

USE POWER TOOLS WITH DEPENDABLE and students; neighbor to neighbor and every man to every other.

The quality of kindliness is in part the essence of the message of

OWE* ELECTRICPLANTS theAndMasternow weof closemankind,this commentwith love withand peacethese wordsand respectfrom aforhymnpeople.on

You save 4 big ways with a the quality of kindliness:

WINPOWER electric plant:

idles plant (1) automatically load when off. fuel cost kind words "O the we give shall in memory live

.. islowers noise.. cuts. extends engine. forever impart; sunshine.. And life;

less costs (2). priced to buy.. to other; kind to each Let us oft speak words

all beat competition; 3

speeds production (3) up heart."the supplying by of tones are sweet Kind words

low cost, instant power on the job;

{4) gives you long and dependable service backed years by 35 Spoken over Square presented of "The Word,"from the Temple KSL and manufacturing experience. Portable 6, 1960. System, Broadcasting Columbia Copyright 1960. March or cradle units dolly wheel two

types.

FREE BROCHURE AND COMPLETE INFOR- J Air Commodore W. C. Cooper, Character and its Place in Industry, Rotary, R. I.B.I.

MATION SENT BY RETURN MAIL. Vol. 2. No. 24.

-Anonymous.

WINPOWER MFG. CO. "Joseph L. Townsend.

Dept. NEWTON, IOWA

340 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

of lumber, having two rooms downstairs. The floor downstairs was of

beautiful hardwood maple. When

entering the house, one came into a hallway, and there a stairway led up to an attic or loft; the east end

of this loft was boarded off into a room with a window looking toward the east. I was told that Joseph

Smith did a lot of writing in this room. Another stairway, underneath

the attic stairway, led down to the cellar underneath the house. There

was a nice fireplace at the west end of the house, but this fireplace was moved when [Benjamin] McKune moved another house there and joined it to the Joseph Smith home.

The house added to the original home was moved from the McKune property on the hillside [north of the McKune Cemetery].

"As a boy and young man, living in that house, I have many pleasant memories. We milked ten to twelve

cows and had three horses. We "IVe changed my mind about my dull family..

around the groundfarmed down the they actually went wallto-wall with a yummy Bigelow!"River, this land andSusquehanna

was very fertile and free from rocks.

oats, corn, raised wheat, andWe Teenagers may take full charge of the phone—but nobody canpotatoes, and mowing I remember

clover that was as high as the monopolize the comfort, quiet and luxury of lovely Bigelowsl The whole horse's bridle. We farmed the land family enjoys a warm feeling of security and pride when you

around the river which has since grown up to trees and brush. brighten their lives with Bigelows. So, don't take out the phone... put

"There was a spring of good cold in Bigelows! Everybody looks better, lives better on Bigelows!

water just under the brow of the hill south of the home; this spring

is still there, running in a pipe just at the bottom of the Erie railroad People who know... buy Bigelowrugs. carpets - since 1825grade. About thirtyfive feet north

of the house was a well of very fine, good cold water; a dairy thermometer registered it as 34 F. The well

was thirty feet deep. The original

Joseph Smith home burned down about 1919.

"This is true to the best of my knowledge. FOLDKING

"Signed—Rex B. Haws

Notarized October 7, 1957"Signed in the presence of Abner H. Baird

Horace H. Christensen

pianos NO. K-3 TABLE Fold Kiwc An entry in the History of SusqueTABLE LINE FOLDINGhanna County, published in 1887,

TRUCKS FOR Kitchen committees, makes the statement erroneously TABLES, CHAIRS groups, attention! Direetfrom-social

discounts factory up Smith, the founder of Morthat "Joe BISHOPS lo terms.—Churches, 40%prices

all Schools, and Clubs,—Lodges built original the partmonism, [the Before buying any organ or piano, see organizations. Monnew Our

attic] the rooms,two cellar, and roe Folding I960 FoldKing instruments finest musical of the world's

Itanquet Tables are unmatched exsher-the house occupied by now church. Phone available for your convendurability, quality, or write 7 MODELS. for

appearhandsome ience and ROLLING.

and STORAGE. ance. 68 Modelsiff McKune, and here he projected for further information. SMOOTH,EASY HANDLING,

schemes which, although seemingly sizes.

1960 BIG CATALOG FREE—

chairs, table line tables, and chair trucks, pictures. Fullso absurd to rational persons, have Summerhays Music Color

3719 So. StateAM 2-1 061 -S. L. C, Ut. platformrisers, portable partitions, bulletin boards. 52nd year.

THE MONROE CO., 249 Church St., Colfax, Iowa

MAY 1960 341 nevertheless brought him many folabout 130 miles northward from days southward through wind, rain, lowers and given him world wide Harmony, Emma Smith gave birth and mud to Joseph's home, arriving notoriety. There are several perto her first child, a boy, who lived April 5, 1829. Then on April 7th,

sons now residing in this vicinity but a few hours and was buried in he and Joseph eagerly set about [after 57 years] who lived here at the McKune Cemetery. Later when putting into English the strange

the time Smith was here. He is deFather and Mother Hale died, they characters upon the golden records,

scribed as having been a tall and were buried near the grave of their translating from the small plates of strong man... light complexioned."grandson. All three graves carry Nephi. (DHC. Vol. 1, pp. 1828.)

It is more likely that Jesse Hale and their original inscriptions on the The following historical events his father's family dug the cellar headstones. occurred at the Prophet's Harmony

and rocked it in and then built over From the time that Martin lost home in Susquehanna County.

it the lumber building. It is hardly the first part of the Book of Mormon 1. It was here that Oliver repossible that the Prophet with the original translation until the 7th of quested the privilege of attempting

task of translation pressing him April, 1829, (some ten months), the to translate; the request was granted,

would have had time to do this work Book of Mormon translation was but Oliver failed and the Lord plainly himself. Anyway, it has already been practically at a standstill while the told him the cause of his failure.

shown that this home was there Prophet worked on his farm, which (Ibid., pp. 3638; D&C, sections 8, 9.)

when the Prophet moved with Emma work pleased Isaac Hale greatly, ac- 2. Fifteen written revelations were

to Harmony. cording to his written statement, for given in this house or nearby, inThe Prophet records that Martin he now hoped that Martin's loss cluding the words of John the BapHarris gave him fifty dollars, and would put an end to the whole fake tist and those of an angel regarding

that "by this timely aid was I scheme of interpreting "the char- "homemade wine"or "... wine of

enabled to reach the place of my acters and hieroglyphics, which he our own making"in the Sacrament;

destination in Pennsylvania,"which said was engraven upon the plates. (ibid., sec. 27, DHC, Vol. 1, p. 106certainly was not to live and do... I told them, then, that I con107); also a revelation for Emma

his translating under the roof of sidered the whole of it a delusion, Hale Smith, calling her to make a unbelievers. Here are the Prophet's and advised them to abandon it."selection about the "songs of the

own words: "Immediately after my Father Hale was greatly disapheart"; there was a revelation for

arrival there I commenced copying pointed, however, when a few Hyrum Smith and one for the the characters off the plates. I months later, a new scribe, Oliver Prophet's father, etc. It was in this

copied a considerable number of Cowdery, took up with Joseph Smith, home also that the first part of the them, and by means of the Urim and again they hid themselves, Book of Moses was revealed.

and Thummim I translated some of claiming to be translating some 3. As already narrated, it was at

them, which I did between the time other plates. He says that "this is the river southward from this home

I arrived at the house [notice he does the same Oliver Cowdery whose that the priesthood and the proper not say home] of my wife's father, name may be found in the 'Book of order of baptism had been revealed.

in the month of December, and the Mormon.''(Isaac Hale's Affidavit, 4. After a little meeting in this

February following."Then he adds Hist. Susque. County, Appendix; see house to confirm the Prophet's wife

that in "this month of February... also Grant, ibid., pp. 6668.) and the wife of Newel Knight, with

Martin Harris came to our place Oliver Cowdery, the Prophet's a total of five people present, the [surely not the Hale home], got the fourth cousin, had been converted Prophet declared: "The Spirit of the

characters which I had drawn off by Father and Mother Smith and Lord was poured out upon us, we the plates, and started with them to a special testimony given him of praised the Lord God, and rejoiced the city of New York."Then he adds the Lord in answer to his earnest exceedingly."(Ibid., p. 108.)

that Martin "returned again to my prayers. Having received the "spirit 5. About the first of June 1829,

house about the 12th of April 1828, of the Restoration,"he and Samuel when the mob was attacking the and commenced writing for me Smith rode their horses for three Prophet at this place, and David while I translated from the plates."Whitmer had journeyed a hundred

The Prophet then tells the story of miles to rescue the Prophet and

Martin's losing the 116 pages of SHY Oliver Cowdery, and he was waitmanuscript. After learning this sad ing in his rig outside the door

news at his father's home near Palby Gladys Hesser Burnham for the Prophet, for Oliver had almyra from Martin's own lips, the ready climbed into the light twoProphet writes in June, 1828, "I... His way was stern, seated wagon, and Emma had gone

then returned to my place in Pennsyl- A little frightening; to her parent's home for protection,

vania. Immediately after my reBut when in spring Moroni appeared to the Prophet,

turn home... I... went to laboring The orchards bloomed in pink took the sacred plates and delivered

with my hands upon a small farm And white, bees droned, them to the Prophet a few days which I had purchased of my wife's Filling the combs later in the Whitmer garden. ( Grant,

father, in order to provide for my With sweetness, the link ibid., pp. 8284; Jenson, LDS

family."DHC. Vol. 1, pp. 1828, Was forged when he, Biographical Enc. 267; Roberts, op.

italics added. See also Grant, ibid., Shyly despairing, cit, Vol. 1, pp. 126127.)

pp. 62, 68.) Uncertain his reception, 6. While the Book of Mormon was

On June 15, 1828, which was the Brought in a spray being published at Palmyra under day after Martin had carried the 116 Of apple blossoms the care of Hyrum Smith and Oliver pages of manuscript to his home To grace her window sill. Cowdery, Joseph and Emma quietly

342 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Take me home to the Ball Game!

Baseball and somesense... that's the TV talk dished up by Dizzy Dean

and Pee Wee Reese each Saturday and Sunday as KSLTV brings you television's biggest baseball package.

Take fr sports 5

for the best of everything KSLTV

MAY I960 343 went for a short rest at this home Home."Thirty years ago when this Aunt Jody

on the Susquehanna. Again, it was volume was published, some writers

to this home that Joseph and Emma supposed that this was the home (Continued from page 327) hurried to escape the mob at Coleswhere Emma Hale was born, and ville, shortly after the Church was where she first met the Prophet. In the first thing the Navajos would

organized. recent years, however, historians demand. The afternoon dragged

7. One of the last official acts of have cleared up the matter. on with the anguish of suspense,

the Prophet at this home came Auninety helpless women and children gust 25, 1830, when Joseph paid his NOTE: The author is indebted to "half scared to death,"with only one

fatherin-law the balance of the $200 Sisters Iretta Mahalko and Martha man to protect them. As night came

due on the place and received a Zech of the Binghamton Branch of on with ominous stillness, and every deed for his property. As stated the Eastern States Mission for their sound echoing in the high cliffs with

previously, the Prophet sold this helpfulness as typists of deeds, wills, a strange boding of evil, Aunt Jody property to Joseph McKune, June 28, abstracts, etc. For a more detailed did not yield to panic, but contem1833, while the Prophet was living at study of pioneer days in the Susqueplated what might happen before

Kirtland, Ohio. The Church bought hanna area, see "Joseph Smith, Isaac morning. It is related that she

it through the agency of Wilford C. Hale, and Joseph McKune Farms,"washed her children and dressed

Wood, February 7, 1947. microfilmed, 1960, LDS Historian's them in their best clothes, figuring

8. Shortly after receiving the Library, collected by members of the that, if they were to be killed, it

deeds for this home, August 25, Eastern States Mission. It was also would be more fitting for their bodies

1830, the Prophet records: "A man of in this threeroomed home that to be found well clad than in their

the Methodist persuasion, who proMoroni took away the sacred treassoiled and worn clothes of everyday.

fessed to be a minister of God... ures twice in succession, and reWith a concerted movement nearvisited my fatherin-law and told him turned them with a promised ly every family in town gathered

falsehoods concerning us of the most blessing based upon the Prophet's at the tworoom, log home of Aunt shameful nature, which turned the faithfulness. (DHC, Vol. 1, pp. 20Kisten Nielson. In writing of it,

old gentleman [67 years of age] and 31; Grant, ibid., pp. 6268.) Aunt Jody says, "We stayed there

her father's family so much against Under the direction of Elder George Q. Morris, all night, and did not know at what

Sites of of the Historic chairman Committeeus, attacked. that might no longer promthe moment be they would we

of editor as that well the managing Church, ise rest for believe the nor There was us protection no our women preEra, the author has of The Improvementas doctrines."(DHC. Vol. 1, p. 108.) paredhim hythisA. article.WilliamHeLundappreciatesand Prestonthe aidNibley,given and the older children, but no one

is also historians of the assistant Church; he the little ones did murmured, and

for Giles the (deceased) indebted D. to John faith not cry out. cherishedand 9. EmmaTo assistfromin carryingthe handsthe Prophetof their We letters has regarding written the helpful he

to Pennsylvania; President Susquehanna silverhaired the notenemies, be killed, would that we Joseph but we president of the formerly C Jacobsen,Valley, our houses S. thought Mission,Knight, Sr., Colesville Florence from Eastern States drove Theodore and his wife, be burned. would

into the Smith yard, and into his Jacobsen,Baird, and AbnerHoraceH. H.Baird,Christensen,his wifepresidentHazel T.of I gathered and brought a sack of

large wagon he loaded furniture, theMission.BinghamtonThey suppliedBranch ofhelpfulthe Easterndata as Stateswell clothing to be ready for emergenclothing, bedding, and other supas some of the pictures for this article. The cies."

plies. Early the next morning, Emsupervisorauthor was ofalsolandscapingaided by Elderon TempleIrvin T. Square,Nelson, In the necessities and peril of the

careful surveys has of the it and mode days that Smith, followed pregnant twins who quite unwith was Halema district interesting landOakland and whoplatsis that thinkable shouldthat Aunt born four to be be hundred were site for Jody the the scaping Susquehanna Aaronic miles northwestward at Kirtland, Prophet'sPriesthood oldMonumenthome, whichas wellstoodas onthatthe ofhighthe anywhere but at Rincone. Amasa

Ohio, was helped into the wagon. As way about 12.5 feet west of the place selected Barton had been shot twice in the

the outfit moved forward, she bade thefor the130thmonument.anniversaryThen,of too,the onrestorationMay 15, of1959,the brain, but lived on through six or

farewell to her own home and to the theAaronicChurchPriesthood,6.16 acresElderof groundNelsonalongsecuredthe riverfor seven terrible days without being

home of her girlhood, places she where it is believed John the Baptist restored conscious of what went on around was never to enjoy again. Eastward theOneAaronicpoignantPriesthood.feature is that the 6.16 acres of him. He was hopelessly beyond relay the village cemetery. Her baby landAaronicandPriesthoodthe monumentof the wereChurch.paid for by the lief from any human hand and thoseboy was buried there, her only who mourned and watched through

child. Joseph later sent an outfit the eerie nights, with Navajo warfrom the Whitmer home that resongs echoing from beyond the

turned with the rest of his household I DID NOT HEAR moaning river, could be comforted goods. and strengthened by the courage

10. History informs us that Joseph by Gladys Hesser Burnham and the cheer which Bluff's heavenly

McKune moved his home from its appointed doctor could impart. Her

site north of the cemetery and joined I did not hear the thrush's song baby was but three weeks old, yet it to the west end of the Prophet's she journeyed over that perilous home. Because the skies were dark; road through the cliffs and along the

Mrs. Anliza Barnes, who owned A heaviness lay on my heart dugway. Navajo snipers could have

the Smith home from 1900 to 1909, Quenching any spark killed everybody with the slowhad a new east wing added to her moving wagon.

home in 1906. This large buildOf good and truth I might employ, It was becoming quite a fixed

ing burned about 1919. This double I scarce could even pray tradition with the people of Bluff

winged building is pictured on page that none of them could be sick 100 of Robert's Comprehensive HisUntil you spoke my name in joy without Aunt Jody there to doctor tory, Volume 1, as the "Isaac Hale And clasped my hand today. them, and no one could die without

344 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA USE AND ABUSE TESTS PROVE SAMSONITES STRENGTH

Not even the grueling pounding of Ease of Handling. Samsonite's legs SAMSONITE

nearly a halfton of GIANTS could hurt glide open. The least effort closes them. ALLSTEEL CHAIR

these chairs! Samsonite's secret: elecFolding is easier, faster. Selfadjust- NOW AT A NEW PRICE LOW

church, school,trically welded tube steel construction. ing hinges are safetydesigned. For

info., seating group see besides durability, Style. unsurpassedAnd club or smartlooking baked The

write: Yellow or Paget

finish givesSamsonite snag, is chip you these important enamel won't and your Bros., InstituShwayder

features you want in a folding chair: rustresistant. In 11 new colors. tionalie5d, SeatingDetroit Div.,29, Mich.Dept.

Comfort. Contour seats and backs Value and Economy. Samsonite Fold1960.

available,result in greater seating comfort. ing Chairs give you longer service. Also ield PlastiSh

with vinyl Chair bonded to seat Find ll Fast

In The Yellow Pages folding chairs last longest I960Samsonite MAY I960 345 her being there with her courage and her faith to soothe the sting of death.

Hers is the kind of story that can never be fully told. Some phases

of it are known to one, and some to another, but no one could relate even a major part of it, not even Brother

Wood and Aunt Emma, and they themselves have followed her to the great other world.

I was called one morning with another elder to administer to Charley Redd, a very sick little boy, who had been dangerously ill for days with an abscess on his lungs. At the

door of the Redd home we met Aunt

Jody; she had been there all night—

and other nights before that. She

was so nearly worn out, and her eyes were so tired that they would roll up under her lids so she could not see, only as she would work them down with her fingers. Yet her face

had in it that unfaltering cheer to which people turn for courage when they are in trouble or sorrow. Her

features were drawn and thin, yet FAIR SETTLEMENT she met us with a smile and spoke in cheerful tone.

I looked at her in wonder—I had

rested all night and had every reason to radiate hope and cheer, but

I got a humbling sensation of my utter inability, even with health and comfort, to spread the lifegiving cheer that she never failed to shed like the fragrance from a scented flower.

I recall that when Joe Nielson lay on his deathbed with "flu,"she was unfailingly there; Uncle Joe, as we

called him, had so much congestion and inflammation in his throat and

PEOPLE lungs it was all but impossible for FRIENDLY him to make himself understood and, while he tried in anguish of desperaAround-theclock help from farmers is as near as a phone. The tion by gestures and such whispers

man from farmers gets to your side... FAST. He inspects damages, as he could make to convey the

arranges for repairs, can even sign the check, fair settlement is ideas that might never be known, she bent over him long and patiently the rule with farmers. And friendly people serve you quickly, trying to get his message. It was

courteously, efficiently. what her love demanded, her wholehearted love which she brought to

YOU SAVE MONEY WITH FARMERS! the service of all to whom she minfarmers rates are generally 20% lower than most other companies. istered.

farmers gives a 10%* discount for one year of accidentfree driving, an additional 25% discount on your second car, if you qualify. MORNING

farmers auto liability policies automatically protect against uninsured or hitand-run motorists. p NOT AVAILABLE IN WASHINGTON by Thelma Ireland

Babyfaced pansies Looked up in surprise, Blinking the dewdrops Farmers Auto

Out of their eyes.

Insurance Call Farmers Insurance Group AUTO LIFE FIRE TRUCK

346 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA MAKE 1960 The Hush Hush Report YEAR! LEAP(Continued from page 321) YOUR extra training at LDS with a Summer's Leap ahead of the crowd

charges has been, in effect, 'no comBusiness College. There is a special course designed for your leap

ment.'year Summer.

"Without passing judgment on the charges that cigarette smoking is a COLLEGE PREPARATION causative factor in lung cancer—and This Summer another morning College Prepmay I note that the evidence to date aration Course will be offered. This will be

is impressive—I find it difficult to an 8-week course covering subjects which

fathom the behavior of the cigarette will prepare you for college: English, Math,

industry in deliberately flying into Typing,etc. Speed Reading, HySpeed Longhand,

the face of this evidence."First Classes—June 20

The subcommittee was presented with evidence which "showed how the cigarette industry accomplished the feat of achieving a higher level of nicotine and tar in cigarette smoke despite the filter."

To achieve this fraudulent circuity: JUNIOR COLLEGE

"First the filters were loosened to Regular junior college of business permit a larger number of smoke classwork will be continued particles to get through. Second, ter.throughEnrollthe entireone quarterSummer aheadquarthe blend was changed to include and graduate early to get the

more of the stronger, heavierbodied best paying job. First class—June

tobaccos. This 'switch'to the 'low 13.

grade'darker leaves has turned the tobacco market upside down. The

mild, light, bright tobaccos, the most desirable of tobacco in the preSPEED READING filter period, are accumulating as Read twice as fast and understand more surplus in government warehouses, with just a few weeks training with Dr.

while the low grades of former Gerald H. Bagley.

years have moved rapidly into the JUNIOR CLASSES hands of the cigarette manufacAn 8-week class in typewriting and other turers."basic subjects will be offered again this

Summer.

Ironically enough, we who were First Classes—June 20

fortunate enough to have known that tobacco is not good for man, long before science began to suspect the truth, and we who abstain from its use, must still pay part of the Business CoCCcgtobacco bill, through our taxes which LDS maintain the price supports for to70 NORTH MAIN ST. SALT LAKE CITY PHONE EM 3-2765

bacco growers and pay the storage fees for tobacco surplus! Now accredited as a Junior College of Business

THE CENTER OF "\ CONVENIENCE SPEECH DINNER AFTER L J rt**,m- K NEW AMERICA Lula Walker by CooeqA motel I * % 320BEAUTYBEAUTIFUL SALON ROOMSSHOPTo score in the opening inning MAIN AT FIFTH BARBERSOUTH

Put punch in your beginning, Make middle meaty, spike with wit,

But to assure a final hit, Win each listener for a friendMake sure your opus has an end!

salt lake city

Joon... rjewUf (L-nlarged svot -Chopped

MAY 1960 347 To Read Fast With Good cise, your eyes will begin to adjust

Comprehension toto movingseeing clearlyrapidlyalloverwordswordson andthe line. Do not expect to be able to

(Continued from page 322) remember the phrases, for there is means of sight patterns. no continuity and, therefore, no

practise but thought, to get skill in picking develop up To preparaas regularly a k |....,..., V reasonthis exercise try the followrapidly, patternssight

smalli has for tion getting page what the exercise:ing

Make yourself a shutter card, like V;-. -- -.--.'-.-:..:-::<:-:;;;-:: to say. Practise until you can do

easily. this quickly and at here, right, and picturedthe one

is a shortcut to seldom There lists like 111 fold here of wordsrun it up and down the following. You will notice the large shutter card getting the message from a parafirst list is made up of two words graph. If all paragraphs began with

often used together. The second contopic sentences, the task would be

sists of prepositional phrases; the easier. Frequently, however, topic

third of clauses; and the fourth group sentences are difficult to locate and

of words constitute an entire senlooking for them wastes precious tence. On a separate page make since you left in her math, time and energy.

yourself an additional list of 100 to why I waited but he decided What you need to know about a 200 of the same kind of groups of he was sad not to tell her paragraph is fundamentally what it words. when he learned why it happened has to say, and the whole paraMary had failed until tomorrow. graph must be read to determine

his friend against the house this. To accomplish this swiftly,

too long out of town Run your shutter card up and should you swish across the page as first choice for his benefit down these lists 50 times a day, movyou did when you were training best clothes at my expense ing from a slow to a high speed, your eyes to move? Should you

in a big hurry where you left it then going faster until the eye can look at each small group of words beside the lake which was left see every word in each group plainor should you concentrate on over the hill that he thought ly without blurring. If you begin thoughts rather than on words?

during the night where it grows your daily practice with this exerIf you choose the latter alterna-

A IINew... Automatic ZOOM Action!

tceAheJue. 8MM

o 0Y0.

ELECTRIC EYEMATIC CAMERA Now it's easy to give your home movies the professional touch you see at theatres and on TV! Here is the first fully automatic

camera that zooms under its own power! At the touch of a

button superfast Wollensak fl.8 Raptar Zoom lens glides

smoothly back and forth automatically with continuous sharpness throughout the entire zooming range. If desired, you may

zoom manually. Extralarge coupled viewfinder zooms automatically with lens showing scenes exactly as being filmed.

Automatic electric eye exposure. So simple to use a 50 Just touch the button child can operate it!

for telephoto, normal and wideangle views! $169 Pay Nothing Down... Only $2.25 A Week!

COME IN or MAIL COUPON NOW!

Please send me the Revere PowerZoom Camera at only $169.50. I

will pay $2.25 a week.

NAME WIFE'S NAME

ADDRESS

CITY AND STATE Salt Lake City: 155 S. Main - 273 S. Main - 2190 Highland Dr.

EMPLOYED BY Ogden: 2443 Washington Blvd.; Provo: 161 West Center;

CREDIT REFERENCE Idaho Falls: 446 Park Ave.

848 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Live, you must get your eyes to look a word such as no, or if, or until? 7. she swam to him

at sight patterns with one fixation The good reader has to learn to see 8. for her dress

rather than two or three. As your every word on the page. As he be- 9. too expensive

sight patterns enlarge, your undercomes skilful, he sees them all, and She held his head:

standing of the content increases. his mind scans each one carefully, 1. when men believe

Your eyes may need some training gliding over it like a magnet search- 2. above water

at this point. Look at the cover ing for ironfilings. It pulls out each 3. for the P.T.A.

page of the Era. If you focus genword that adds to the meaning and 4. for ten minutes

erally on the whole page, you can fits it accurately and smoothly into 5. until help came

see the whole picture and, without the whole. 6. in a pumpkin

shifting your focus, can pick up In the following exercise please 7. she was unconscious

many details. If you keep your notice that each word must be read 8. when they took her

vision "big,"you can get the big to detect how much it contributes. 9. from the water.

view. If you look at a double page As the eves move over the words, For this act:

in book, a can see you that are story to the important more those much 1. in the summer

ifthan concentrate you are on one small lifted out or meaning to make 2. of great heroism

word. the continuity; the others are re- 3. by the fire

ultimate of The jected perceppage aim ignored. and Such word 4. she was awarded

istion to see the selection to be able whole important is an compre- 5. large on a farm

skill. topage able and pick to be hension up a table 6. upon

quickly, smoothly, easily the and exercise in an selection, As write 7. silver the medal

it carries.whole takes This message of on a piece the following paper

8. to study howtime work, brief and perhaps story and as eyes your quickly much sort 9. of honor.

more individual help than you can it out:

get from written instruction, but it have read what you To remember is a goal crawled that many people have been Doris out: rapidly, use the following technique:

to achieve.able the city 1. by

In your effort to grasp the whole 2. as far as she could When you read, take note of

thought, you must make it a point 3. on the ice 1. What the paragraph or article

not to skim, and not to read by key 4. out of tune is about.

words. These are dangerous prac- 5. when the ice broke 2. What points the author talks

tices. Suppose you should skim over 6. that I told you the most about.

You get 4V2% to 5% for your savings

Get the very most you can for your at current rates with PREPAID INVESTMENT or SYSTEMATIC SAVin Salt Savings on the Magic Carpet INGS plans at Western Savings

Lake City. Western currently pays you

of Western Savings BONUS PLANS itsearnings.regular 4% dividend plus bonus

Sicu/e, btf uiad Western pays the postage both ways when you save by mail. Wherever you

live, get full information on Western's

Bonus Plans... start saving now with

bigger earnings for a better future.

Your Savings are Insured to $10,000 by the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation, Washington, D.C.

WESTERN SAVINGS

Salt Lake City, Utah Please send complete details on Prepaid Investment and

Systematic Savings bonus savings plans.

Name *>, )i AND LOAN COMPANY Address

T*$W SALT45 EASTLAKEFIRSTCITY.SOUTHUTAH MORTGAGES City State

MAY I960 349 3. What details support each of

the main points.

After reading, name each of these three points on your fingers and make yourself tell back what you have learned. You will discover

that your knowledge will increase, your ability to communicate with others will expand, and your eyes and your mind will establish the habit of reading the page for these ideas and details. If you make it a practice never to listen to a talk without

requiring yourself to summarize aloud what you have received from it, never to read an article, a book, or a paper without disciplining yourself to give some of it back aloud, you will find your comprehension increasing by leaps and bounds.

For the sake of illustration, let's suppose that you found this sentence at the beginning of a paragraph:

"The common, ordinary pin has a very interesting background."

You would know (1) that the material will be about the pin, and (2) that it will probably discuss the beginnings and the background of the pin. Immediately you have

something to look for in the article, and you read to find something.

That alone makes reading more meaningful. Then you keep your

pins. things about Prepare for the Future eyes open to discover interesting see if you can read this short Now

article and find the points about At a Great University which more has been said, and see how may details these call to mind.

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY, one of the great uni- "The first pin worn was probably versities of the world, offers finest education in 55 depart- a thorn. Then men learned to make

ments of instruction. The students come from every state pins out of fishbones. In prehistoric

in the Union and many foreign countries, and because of times men were already making pins superior training are in demand over the nation. They out of bronze. The first pin made

study on this fastgrowing, beautiful campus with finest was a safety pin and dates back to facilities and staffed with an outstanding faculty trained as early as 1000 B.C. The first pins

in a hundred universities and colleges. used in Europe were made in France

BUT THERE IS A PLUS AT BYU - It provides spiritual and imported to England and used growth in addition to the academic and physical. Through as a decoration. In the 15th century

its democratic spirit, counseling facilities and religious orpins were considered so precious ganizations, BYU retains all the friendliness of the small that a collection of them made an college while providing all the advantages of a big uniexpensive Christmas gift. Very often

versity. people gave money for Christmas

and people guarded this money and saved it until they had enough to

CLIP AND MAIL buy a selection of pins. This isTO: Public Relations Department PLAN NOW where we get the expression 'pin

Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah TO ATTEND money.'Pins vary greatly in size.

Please send additional of charge information me free Summer School fourLargeinchesblanketin pinslength.mayThebe threesmallestor University. especiallyabout interested Young Brigham I am

1st Term, June 13 pins, used for scientific purposes, may in 2nd Term, July 18 weigh as little as 1/4500 of an ounce.

NAME Autumn Semester "In colonial days pins were very

ADDRESS Registration hard to get. England shipped them

CITY STATE Sept. 2627

350 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA to the colonies, but they were never plentiful. In the year 1775 the

Continental Congress of the United

States offered a prize to any company that could make the first twentyfive dozen domestic pins.

They were to be of the same quality and design as the English pin. Today

our country manufactures enough pins to supply more than one hundred a year for each person."

The subject is the common pin.

Some of the points about which much was said were:

1. The first pins.

2. Pins in 15th century Europe.

3. Pins in America.

As you recall each of these main points, each brings back to mind the details related to it. Considerable

practice is needed to insure accuracy of recall after a single reading, but the skill is of such value that the Safeway Meets the Challenge time spent developing it will be an invaluable investment rather than America's food markets have become a symbol of our a loss. wonderful way of living. They have won the respect and

(To be continued) awe of countries around the world. Visiting kings and

queens, premiers and potentates, invariably request visits to a food market. Market displays have been the most

popular part of our foreign fair exhibits,

Safeway and other food marts have grown to meet

To Remove Mountains homemakers'demands for a bigger variety of foods; foods

that are ready, or nearly ready, to serve; foods with new

(Continued from page 313) attractiveness and convenience, them in are dead and gone. Safeway and other markets have provided bright new

Be that as it may, the Lees had shopping facilities, with gleaming efficiency, ease and conhad a wagonload of company arvenience in shopping and tempting varieties that make rive, the overnight kind, and after a shopping a pleasure.

big supper the hired girl had gone But with all this, shoppers today are spending 22 per into the parlor and sat down with cent of their income on food, compared to 50 per cent in the guests. most European countries. If homemakers were satisfied

Never before had Ettie and with maintaining a prewar diet, they would spend only 16

Lavina, ages seven and nine, set per cent of their income, compared to 50 per cent some eyes upon so large a mound of dirty 30 years ago.

dishes. The heap was a mountain This better food at lower cost is the result of efficient

of work as challenging as ever any operations. These costreducing techniques at Safeway inAlpine pinnacle. All the courage clude such things as mechanized checkout counters, asdrained out of the smaller child, and semblyline preparing and packaging of meat in selfservice

she went into the bedroom, put on markets; prepackaging of fresh fruits and vegetables; imher nightgown, and crawled into proved refrigeration to reduce spoilage; power and gravity

bed. conveyors; packaging with both eye appeal and ease of

In the parlor the stereoscope had handling; better communications; and many, many other

been passed around, and young things.

his eleven,Marion, recited age had field this of intense In competition, conhas Safewayrobust of the version of "The Wreck its sistently offered the lowest prices customers the and theHesperus."was company Now in finest quality foods.

listening with the ear plugs to the escapades of "Old Josh"on the

Graphophone. Father excused himself to see how things were going Friend of the Family Friend of the Farmer

in the kitchen. He knew there was

more there than two little girls could do. Lavina was dredging

away. "Where is Ettie?"Father asked. SAFEWAY

MAY 1960 351 "She got sick, and I sent her to

Father started for the bedroom on lose weight! bed,"Lavina defended loyally.

door. "She is too little for such a big job,"Lavina added.

Father went into the darkened room and sat down upon the bed. with SURE MEAL He felt for the small lump that was

Ettie. "Lavina tells me that you are quite \ sick,"Father began sympathetically.

S Control "I don't feel too well,"Ettie conYour Weight fessed weakly.

you When have Reduce ate?"it something you "Was reached your

with sired earnestly. inquired weight, deFather you "Do continue

to use one SURE MEAL Meal it roast beef? think the was Or was once each day this—Sure will it the Yorkshire pudding? I hope It's sure! safe and help you to maintain a good

It cuts calorie it your nutritional pie?"gooseberry the wasn't balance also and help

intake while maintainto you keep the—intake of calories "I just hurt!"vigor ing hea'th your and under control. If you gain with

through proper nutrition. one Sure Meal, you can cut the "Yes,"Father agreed, "I think that

Sure Meal is a scientifically calories in your ordinary meals or you hurt all right. That pile of

use two or else! three Sure planned a Meals day food—nothing hurt."dishes even makes me for short periods bring about slowly or reduce can You Ettie Father,""Oh, whimpered, the control it when you use with can Meal Sure to—-—rapidlyYou Sure "it Meal \ use there's for just was two little counttoo much no lost 3 times have a you day until you—want all or a substantial part of the \ ing calories—it's all done for you!/ girls, and I just got sick. I just

weight you want to lose. couldn't do it."

For best long range results use "Well, Ettie, Lavina is doing it.

skim twice a Sure day with Meal If it was too big a job for two milk or milk and have powdered one other low calorie meal each little girls, don't you think it is too day, until you have taken off the big a job for one little girl?"

weight you wish to lose. / By this time Ettie had her nightgown off and her petticoat on and

was groping for her calico dress.

"Oh, I know that you are too sick to do it,"Father sympathized, "but

Feel Save Money I came to tell you something that

I will think feel your stomach make Better Sure less costs Meal ordithe than is It better. that something much it nary replaces, meal at and the weight I no had don't know, you time, because were same you you can sure the be I enbut problem,

will meal nutritiously be sound. little to too remember. your But just Meal Sure joy

serving of One Sure z.) Meal use I (% it's good. cleanest that the because mother was woman

1 mixed with when cup of milk regularly it breakfast for ever a kept house. kitchen was Her will furnish the normal individual along drink as a sometimes and spotless. with the essential late the matter food elements No how It to helps meals. other with my for one complete meal consisting stayed essential stayed company your mother the with body supply my of meat, vegetables, butbread and minvitamins and elements, until food every dish up was and washed ter, and a beverage. pep. for more I needed erals that dried, scalded, in the put cupand

If you to afford can eat you—Meal."Sure with better feel "I floor, board. she the swept Then can afford SURE MEAL!

and if it needed it she scrubbed it.

Never, as long as she lived, did she have to get out of bed in the morning

If you just want to try SURE MEAL, send for the 20 -meal size. But if you to a batch of dirty dishes or a messy

kitchen. I just wanted you to know

have a lot of weight to lose, order the economical 40meal size at only $9.00, that about your mother.

or the case of 6-40meal containers for only $45.00. "You know, Ettie, you remind me

very much of your mother. She had

eyes like yours, and she was sweet 'Don Lyman & Associates 1 may be interested in selling SURE MEAL! and understanding and unselfish and

1 E. South 9th 1087 like I thoughtful you. idea have an 3-9674 Free Delivery Phone EM

City, SaltI Lake Utah that will you grow when up you Vanilla 1 fj Defatted send Please like very Chocolate a i be your mother."much

Butterscotch Bland! SURE MEAL so. Ettie finished lacing hoped She

1 20 Meal Size $ 4.75 Name her shoes. The sickness was falling

away and her strength was return- 1 40 Meal Size 9.00 Address

I 6-40 Meal Size (Case).... 45.00 Q City and State

352 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ing to fill the empty places. She SPECIFY

was almost well.

"I am glad that you are feeling better,"Lavina said as Ettie came into back the kitchen.

AMERICA'S FINEST FOLDING CHAIRS AND TABLES "Did you know that our mother VIRCO was the cleanest woman who ever You save on the original price, and you save on replacement—because VIRCO

lived?"Ettie asked her. folding chairs and tables are built for years of rugged service... priced to

"Yes,"said Lavina, "I can rememmeet any budget. Folding chairs and tables may look alike, but when you compare

ber Mamma. She always smelled them pointby-point—for advanced design, structural use of Vircoloy steel

so good."(up to 20% stronger), and beauty—you'll find VIRCO furniture ahead

"If you'll do the sweeping, I'll of the field in value and lasting satisfaction.

scrub,"Ettie offered.

Father peeked into the parlor.

The company was telling stories; j

Aunt Inez was rocking her sleeping child; the hired girl was twisting N

her hands selfconsciously in her lap. VIRCOMATIC Series of

Aunt Inez would have to teach her CafeteriaFolding Tablesand AllPurposeadjust how to crochet. easily to any height from 21"1

Father closed the parlor door to 31"—in oneinch

without the squeak of a hinge. k tubularincrements.steel Heavylegs andgauge

"Would you mind very much if nonglare linen pattern

I stayed out here and helped you Vircolite plastic tops little girls with the dishes?"he bandedaluminum.with -- asked.

And in no time at all the mountain was removed.

The memory of that night has spilled its power down through the stream of time—and many a mounVIRCO #127 ALLMETAL tain has given way before its irresistFOLDING CHAIR N

ible force. And Ettie Lee has never Tubular steel construction with

had to rise in the morning to a dirty three fusionwelded braces.

dish. Tubular steel reinforcement in

front legs at seat pivot point, also under forward edge of seat. Metal

capped leg's with rubber durable tips. y crutch

MY MOTHER -*ffby Elinor Bingham Hodgson

FREE! New catalogue showing VIRCO's complete line

My mother gave a gift to me. Writeof churchtodayandto: institutional folding chairs and tables.

gift is priceless, rare!The CORPORATION VIRCODept. l-5MFG. P. O. Box 44846, Station H.It is not pearls about my neck Angeles, Los CaliforniaOr a diadem in my hair.

She gave me of her love and grace

Of which she had a store, She gave me courage, strength of will.

Could I have asked for more?

She gave me strength to stand alone,

When evil conflicts stirred. tt HOME STUDY

She gave me faith in life and God,

And in the spoken word.

Where pitfalls lurked unnoticed Please send a free HOME STUDY catalog to:

She stretched forth her guiding hand. Name

She built my house upon the rock Address

Above the shifting sand. City State

Send to: HOME STUDY

Adult Education and Extension Services

Brigham Young University Provo, Utah

MAY 1960 353

Haa

MELCHIZEDEK

PRIESTHOOD All

Servicemen A New Program for

New and important changes have just been made welfare of their own absent members in the armed in the LDS Servicemen's Program. services, and for the welfare of other church serviceThese changes directly affect the Church service men stationed in their areas. To further increase

and spiritual wellbeing of the approximately 12,000 the effectiveness of this program we now issue the

Latterday Saint brethren now on active duty with following instructions the armed services. They will affect the additional "1. Membership records of all servicemen and

thousands who in due course will discharge their their families, including career servicemen, are to military commitments through one of the many armed be retained in their home wards for the entire services programs which call for more than six months'period of their military service."

active duty.

This article contains vital information relative (The previous practice of sending the original memto these changes. All of the following, in particular, bership records of career servicemen and their famare asked to read and conform to it: ilies to the wards and branches where these persons

Mission and stake presidents; Bishops; Stake and reside is discontinued. Such membership records

ward clerks; Servicemen's committees in stakes and should now be returned, through the Presiding Bishwards; Coordinators and supervisors appointed in opric's Office, to the original home ward of those constakes and missions; cerned. )

Parents and others whose relatives and friends are "2. A duplicate copy of the membership record,

on active duty in the armed services; and printed on pink paper and entitled 'ServiceThose in the armed services. man's Duplicate Membership Record (Including

In a recent letter sent by the First Presidency to all Family ),'should be made for all servicemen and such mission presidents, stake presidents, and bishops, the members of their families as are away from home for following policies and procedures were announced. more than six months'active duty. An initial supply

The items involved are here quoted in full with some of these new forms is being sent automatically to procedural explanations inserted in parentheses at the each ward. These duplicate records should follow

end of the quoted paragraphs. servicemen and their families wherever they may

"We have great concern for the spiritual wellbe stationed, on a socalled permanent basis, in the being of members of the Church in the armed servareas of stakes or missions. Brethren going on

ices, and have heretofore made stake presidents, active duty for six months or less are not included mission presidents, district presidents, bishops, and in this category, and no duplicate membership recbranch presidents responsible for the spiritual ords are to be made for them."

354 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

(An APO or FPO address is not sufficient to justify relative to priesthood ordinations, temple recommends, sending in the duplicate membership record forms tithing, and Church participation in general.)

for transmission to another locality. Unless and until "5. The present group organization program

an address is obtained from relatives or others which aboard ships and at various armed services installawill show the actual landbased location of those contions is to be continued as at present under the dicerned, such membership records must be retained rection of the stake or mission presidents whose in the home ward or branch. For convenience in comareas are involved."

piling statistical and other data, ward clerks should (Wherever possible servicemen are better off to mark or segregate the membership record cards of participate in the activities of wards and branches servicemen and their families in such a way as to adjacent to their places of assignment. Where such

show that the duplicate membership records have participation is not conveniently available, as when been sent out. Duplicate records should not be made brethren are aboard ship, or where circumstances are

for those now in the service who will be returning such that it may be supplemented, then regular servhome in less than six months.) icemen's groups are organized at military installations.

"3. Home bishops and priesthood quorums continThese groups function under the direction of stake and

ue to be responsible for the present system of intermission presidents or, in some cases, directly under views, correspondence, and sending of the Church the General LDS Servicemen's Committee.)

News and Improvement Era to all servicemen.""6. Duplicate or activity records of membership

for all brethren in the armed services who are sta- (Interviews—These should cover the general field tioned outside the areas of stakes or missions will be

of maintaining Church standards, of studying the goskept by the General LDS Servicemen's Committee, pel, of taking extension courses from Brigham Young 47 E. So. Temple Street, Salt Lake City 11, Utah."

University, of corresponding monthly with the bishop (The cooperation of all concerned will be of treand priesthood quorum, of participating in wards or mendous help in keeping track of the movements of branches near military installations, and the reading—servicemen and of learning their present locations,

where endowed brethren are concerned—of the inWhen brethren move into stake or mission areas, the

structions relative to temple garments. servicemen's committee will then forward the dupliCorrespondence—Without fail, every month, bishcate membership records to these organizations,

ops and priesthood quorum officers are expected to through the Presiding Bishopric's Office.

write each of their servicemen. In cases where bishops "7. Home wards of servicemen for whom the

are overburdened with other duties, they may have duplicate membership record has been sent in are others prepare the letters, but the bishop should always free from the responsibility of counting such brethsign them. ren ( and their families where such also are involved

Church News and Improvement Era—These publiin their statistical compilations, and all such brethcations should go to each serviceman without cost to ren and their families are to be accounted for in the

him. Those holding the Melchizedek Priesthood are statistics of the Church organizations where their

to receive them from their quorums; those holding duplicate activity record of membership is found."

the Aaronic Priesthood or no priesthood are to be (It is imperative that wards and branches in which cared for under the bishop's direction out of ward areas servicemen are stationed use all of their facilities funds.) to bring the benefits of the full program of the Church

"4. Bishops or branch presidents in stake or misto these brethern and their families. Opportunities for

sion areas where the serviceman is located and Church service should be provided. Every effort

where the duplicate membership record is, assume should be made to locate and reactivate inactive perfull responsibility for the spiritual wellbeing of the sons. This is a great missionary field, and it is just

brother and his family as fully and completely as as important to save someone who is already in the if the original record of membership was in that Church as to go out and get a new convert.)

ward or branch. This includes accounting for these "8. Transfers of duplicate record of membership

brethren and sisters in all Church statistics, attendcards are to be made through the Presiding Bishoping to priesthood ordinations, issuing of temple ric's Office according to present Church procedures.

recommends, receiving tithing and all other contribu- "Your help and cooperation in carrying forward tions, and supervising all priesthood and auxiliary the great servicemen's program of the Church is church service in general."greatly appreciated."

(Please note that wards and branches having the If all those who are involved in this great serviceduplicate membership records are now accountable men's program will do all they should in it, the result for the servicemen and their families. Note also that will be increased spirituality and a greater hope of

these instructions supersede all previous directions eventual salvation for many souls.

MAY I960 355 Ward Teaching Supplement The Importance of Example

A characteristic of human nature is that man likes ly and permanently. As has been wisely observed, a

to imitate. The child wants to do things the way mans religion is not his private property—if he doesn't

"daddy"does them; the aspiring young ballplayer share it, he hasn't any.

spends hours practising the swing of Stan Musial or Thus the example we set in our lives is important.

the grip of Hoyt Wilhelm; the bobbysoxer styles her We can be great influences for good or for evil. And

hair "just like Doris Day's."often our influence extends farther than we imagine.

People exercise a tremendous power in the lives People, in the Church and out of the Church, are of others—sometimes without even realizing it. Not watching us and watching us closely—each of us—at

even the most mature and rational among us are times and in places we would never suspect.

exempt from such influences. Particularly is this true of our friends of other

Literature and life prove this beyond dispute. We faiths. The Church is freeing itself the world over of

are familiar with the stories of Jean Valjean and Bishop a century's accumulated prejudice and misconception,

Bienvenu, of Nancy Hanks and her son Abraham, of and honest, intelligent people of all faiths are looking

Paul and Agrippa, of Christ and Peter. How often seriously at the Mormons and their customs and beliefs.

do we hear of an acquaintance deviating from the Often the only contact such people have with the straight and narrow a little—or a lot—because he "got Church is with one or two of our number with whom

in with the wrong crowd"... or of another, for whom they happen to be acquainted. To such friends, these

we might have had little hope, being literally "saved members are the Church, and the Church is judged from himself"by a noble friend or companion? Consolely, completely, and inevitably by the lives of

sciously and unconsciously, we all look to those people these members. An awesome responsibility? To be

whom we respect and admire, and follow their sure.

example. The gospel is to be lived in the light of day, where

In no phase of life is this truer than in religion. all can see. It is good news for all men, and not someChrist realized this when he told his followers to let thing to be kept secret, not something of which we

their lights "... so shine before men, that they may must be ashamed. If we are to be Latterday Saints,

see your good works, and glorify your Father which let's be the very best Latterday Saints we possibly is in heaven."( Matt. 5:16.) The religious life is percan. For the religious principles we live and practice,

sonal, but not solely personal—it is also public. The not those to which we merely render lipservice, will

gospel cannot be lived in a vacuum. Here no man be the basis of the ultimate judgment of each of us

can be an island, for one life of necessity touches in the eyes of our fellows... and in the eyes of our

many others—some only superficially, others profoundGod.

356 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Aaronic Priesthood Restoration Memorial it only fitting to proceed with the design and erection of these monuments.

An Expression of Appreciation.... The Temple Square Memorial is of course long

completed and has moved and inspired millions since

For many years we have been aware of the deits unveiling. Sculptured by Avard Fairbanks, it has

sirability of a monument commemorating the restoraearned the praise of critic and layman alike for its tion of the Aaronic Priesthood. The potential signifisimple yet majestic beauty.

cance of such a memorial, both as a reminder to And now the second phase of this dream has become members of the divine manifestation commemorated, a reality. The Pennsylvania Memorial, also the product

and as a missionary for the Church, seemed very great of the fertile talent of Dr. Fairbanks, has been comto us and to many of our brethren throughout the pleted. It should prove to be a great blessing to the

Church. Church. It will be a natural excursion goal for

Accordingly, plans were conceived, discussed, modiLatter-day Saints in the area and will attract memfied, and sometimes discarded. After much prayer bers from many parts of the world.

and consideration, announcement was made in 1956 The memorial will be a missionary, attracting the of the projected building of such a memorial on Teminterest of passersby (it is near a highway) to itself ple Square in Salt Lake City. Soon after, the design and to the organization it represents... a testimony

was enlarged to include a second memorial, this one in bronze that cannot help creating a profound imto be erected near the site of the event itself—in upper pression.

Pennsylvania, near the banks of the Susquehanna We await the dedication and a chance to see the

River. completed monument and grounds, as do many of

It was in this tranquil area of rolling hills and green our coworkers in the Aaronic Priesthood program. We

vegetation that two young men, desirous of truth, are grateful for the privilege of being associated with took occasion on May 15, 1829 to offer a prayer on them in the completion of this memorial. Contributhe subject of baptism. The results of that prayer—tions from priesthood bearers were sufficient to finance

the visitation of John the Baptist, the baptism and both this and the Temple Square memorial, without ordination of Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery—drawing on any general Church funds.

are known to, and are part of the heritage of, every We extend our gratitude to those brethren in the member of this Church. Once again the authority to priesthood whose contributions, financial and otheract in the name of God had been entrusted to manwise, have brought this to pass. This memorial is a

kind. gift from the Aaronic Priesthood to the Church in

Lesser events and lesser men have many times imwhich every member of that priesthood can take mortalized in marble, copper, and bronze. We felt pride.

Sincerely your brethren,

THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC

son

Bishop Carl W. Biilhner

MAY I960 357 iiiliiliSilBl HMHEHi

In this great world of things And she gave us love

That we take for granted Through every minute of each day.

And do not really seeNo matter how we act

Heading the list is mothers. Our mother still loves us.

Like fresh air, But of course,

We expect them just to be. Depending upon how we act,

A mother is a habit She cant help liking us

Yes, a wonderful necessary habit Better sometimes

But a habit More than others.

Nevertheless.

She gave us birth We take this

Without our asking. Very special person

Gave us care and devotion So very much for granted.

In our demanding growing years, She's always there—

358 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Today's Family Florence B. Pinnock, Editor

So like the sunlight, P.S. Prepare this meal please,

The rain, the night, Without her helping hand.

Her very constancy Makes her obscure to us As a person—as a real individual. MOTHER'S DAY DINNER

Let's pause for a good look—

Tomato Aspic Appetizer A mother is a girl with added experience, Roast Leg of Lamb Minted New Potatoes

An understanding friend, Spring Medley (New peas, new carrots, tiny onions,

A loyal person who stands up frozen baby limas.)

Against the whole world Hard Rolls Sliced Pickled Cucumbers

If it is abusing you. Angel Dessert

A servant in the highest sense of the word, Directions to big sister:

Someone whose laughter matches yours, Shop on Friday or early Saturday morning.

Whose tears measure yours, Season the lamb with salt and pepper. Place the

A woman whose eyes, ears, and heart skin side down on a rack in an open roasting pan. Lay

Are dedicated to you! strips of bacon over the meat if the fat covering is

thin. Cover with foil and place in refrigerator. On

is a ladymotherA Sunday take off the foil. Roast in a 350 F. oven

breathing,Living, serving, and loving.

a pound. minutes to 35A hand to clasp when you're insecure, 30 aspic on Saturday and let set the tomato Prepare

A bosom to cry on When you're discouraged. in refrigerator until just before serving on Sunday.

A strong finger to point the way Unmold on salad greens and top with Cheese Dressing.

When you are lost.

A smile to fill you full of warmth and peace. Tomato Aspic Appetizer

It's good to set one day a year aside 1 package of lemon Jello

To take a good look at Mother. 1V2 cups near boiling tomato juice

Heaven bless this day. Vz teaspoon onion salt

After we've been talking about Dash of cloves, nutmeg, pepper, celery salt

Strength, warmth, love, and heaven 1 cup finely chopped celery

It's a little mundane to mention 1 large dill pickle chopped fine

Food.

But on this day set aside for Dissolve the lemon Jello in the hot tomato juice, add

Mothers, we humans must eat, remaining ingredients. Set in individual molds in

So let us the refrigerator.

Gather together some Delightful recipes and plan Cheese Dressing

A menu fit for 1 cup mayonnaise

A queen—mother. 3 ounces Blue Cheese crumbed

MAY I960 359.

WET or DRY? 1 teaspoon vinegar

it's local option with 1 teaspoon sugar

V2 teaspoon dry mustard Vi teaspoon paprikaV| RAIN BIRD 2 tablespoons chopped parsley 2J SPRINKLERS Rain Bird sprinklers get the farm Mix all ingredients well. Let stand

vote every time because they overnight in refrigerator. Serve

offer the finest irrigation possible one tablespoon full of dressing on with a minimum top of each individual aspic.

of maintenance.

Rain Birds* platMinted New Potatoes form offers you Choose tiny new potatoes, scrub well

Saturday and put in a pan all ready "Weather to order"and their record shows they protosaltedboil waterSunday.andCoveradd 3potatoesor 4 sprigswith

duce double—even triple—yields. of mint and boil until tender. Drain

You can depend on Rain Birds and add 2 tablespoons of cream and—backed by 24 years of success. sprinkle with chives or the chopped

There's a Rain Bird model for greens of spring onions.

every irrigation requirement...

undertree, level land, hillside.. Hard Rolls,

high pressure, low pressure, etc. Cut each roll in three slices to withREMEMBER, in a half inch of the bottom crust.

if it hasn't the name, it isn't the Spread between slices with softened same! Specify RAIN BIRD! butter flavored with garlic powder.

See your Rain Bird dealer or Place on cookie sheet and heat in ON BEING A LADY write for literature. 350 F. oven before serving.

WESTERN Angel Dessert A Feminine Girl RAIN BIRD SALES

Gabriel Avenue Bake, in a large tubed pan, an angel Do your manners show only when 627 No. San

AZUSA, CALIFORNIA cake from a prepared mix. Do this the fellows are around? Are you

Saturday. Sunday just before dinalso a lady with the girls? True

ner time frost the cake with sweetpopularity begins here. No fellow

ened whipped cream and trickle the wants a girl none of the other girls

Chocolate Sauce over the top lightly, like. The girls you are with from

to thoughtfulday deserve your let sparingly it run the day down Get worlds and ness kindness. and sides be really of the To cake. a centerUse as

friends you must have girl on a tall cake plate surrounded popular, of hot water piece friends. as well as of boy with violets. Many

3 times as fast your most happy moments in this

Quick and Delicious Chocolate Sauce life will be shared with other girls.

with a Melt chocolate almond candy bars Now this doesn't mean just one other (allow 1 small bar for each person) girl. A girl duet, going through life

"QUICK RECOVERY"overlittle hottable(notcreamboiling)andwater:some addbite-a togetherother girlis isnot"poison"good. toPerhapsthe boys;the

size marshmallows. Stir until sauce your being with her constantly will

is smooth and creamy and just the have a little of that "poison"spilled if you. the other hand, on Or right consistency to spoon over the on ELECTRIC

girl, really is she a glamor might you cream. whipped

be outshone and become the forFor an after Church supper on gotten partner when the boys are if you are so WATER Mother's Day serve creamed hardaround. Then, too,

cooked eggs with ripe olives and close with this girl that all others chopped parsley over toast or wafare excluded, you might find yourHEATER fles. Easy, quick, and delicious. self all alone one fine day if she

Add celery and carrot sticks and a decides to walk off and leave you.

rootbeer float to round out the meal. There she goes with all your secrets.

You told your whole heart to her, and now she isn't your best friend any more. Enjoy a large group of

Be thou like a bird perched upon girls. You leave a little bit of you

some frail thing, which, although he with everyone you associate with,, feels the branch bending beneath and they leave a little bit of themhim, yet loudly sings, knowing full selves with you. So be careful of

well that he has wings. the companions you choose.

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO.

360 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Elko Cook used this recipe to Win Gold Ribbon at County Fair Be the one with the fun ideas—

starter. thoughtThinka real up Huffy Puffy Doughnuts

friends.ful things Reto do for your

member birthdays with gay little "I should call these my Fifty Dollar Doughnuts... that's

cards, a bottle of cologne if one is the amount I won!"says Mrs. C. W. Enke, who took the

ill, a note of congratulations to a new Gold Ribbon for yeast baking at Nevada's Elko County winner, or a kind note to a loser, Fair. "Of course my doughnuts get a welcome

a batch of special fudge as a going at home, and I think your family will, away present. Oh, it's fun to think like them, too. But be sure you use

of the other person. Fleischmann's Active Dry Yeast.

Remember we are talking about It's the fastest rising, and so girls. Be a real feminine person. dependable. It's easy to bake a

Look like a girl at all times. Have success with Fleischmann's Yeast."

grace of movement, softness of feeling. ofvoice, tenderness boy A Doughnuts Huffy Puffy

little date, not for a a a girlwants 1015 elastic bowl; minutes. Put in greased

girl hisbrother. wants soft shortening. A fellow Let Cover. with salt brush top to 1 cup sugar1 cup Blue6 Bonneteggs Margarine2 teaspoons

be finer and gentler than he. 1 tablespoon vanilla extract rise in warm place, free from draft, until

1 hours. to in bulk about doubled extract IVi 1 tablespoon lemon tells us to be The dictionary

light. rise let until again and liquid down Knead 1 quart delicate,feminine is to be modest, into board. Divide out onto dough Active Fleischmann's 3 packages Dry Yeast Turn

tender, sweet, and tactful. 1/2 cup warm (not hot) water four equal parts. Roll each 14inch thick and

Be a lady with grownups too. 1 5 cups sifted flour (about) cut with floured doughnut cutter. Place on

light. until rise let place and in warm board friends, teachers, mother's yourYour

until golden fat in 375F. deep Cook Fry

friends, ofthe mothers your side. other the Drain turn and cook brown, the Creamand flavorings.margarineAddandthesugar.liquid Addwhicheggs,maysaltbe

neighbors will all love you for your warm water, milk which has been scalded well and roll in sugar. Makes 5 dozen.

thoughtfulness to them, your cheery and cooled to lukewarm, or a combination has yeast water. been which milk and Add to chat,"hello,"your pause your of

all water. in dissolved (not hot) Mix warmtreating special. them like someone until flour; 8 together. beat cups Add

It's these little things that all add up smooth. Gradually add remaining flour,

to a charming you. enough to make a soft dough. Turn out on

Manners are of top importance. floured board. Knead until smooth and

are theManners of doing happy way things; the other per- V manners make ANOTHER FINE PRODUCT OF STANDARD BRANDS INCORPORATED y

son feel good; manners make it easy

to live with others.

ETERNAL FEMININE

by Zara Sabin

Trees, like women, weary of the same

Old clothes, discard them gaily

When Autumn comes—You find their

paling piles Growing deeper daily—

The green, the bronze, the gold or shreds crimson leaves that cover nature's wintry Surround ijourielf With &5eautuOf beds. PRATT & LAMBERT PAINT and VARNISHES

Then garbed in black—sophisticates—IMPERIAL WASHABLE WALLPAPERS

They vainly would determine How many days or weeks they still WALLTEX

Must wait for gowns of ermine; LADY HAMILTON MIRRORSAnd now, with snow closeclinging,

seem to strain theirTo burst buds and have green SALT LAKE CO. GLASS & PAINT again! gowns "Decorating Center of the Intermountain Area"

330 East 4th South Salt Lake City, Utah—See your local Pratt & Lambert dealer—

MAY I960 361 In the Footsteps of My important facts and dates and inAncestors formed me that this writing wasNOW their greatgrandmother's written in 1820. This was also the greatgrand- AT YOUR (Continued from page 318)

This at home.

I brought GROCERY STORE our own work finished. motherBible withof mvthefriendpictures

Perhaps the most wonderful and home as a remembrance of the most impressive experience, and one that marvelous experience of my trip.

will remain with us as long as we How does one put into words his HOMEPAK live, occurred in the tiny village of feelings so that others might read - Brand Steeple Ashton, Wilts. One of the and understand? How does one

members of my own ward had asked express his gratitude for his heritage?

CALIFORNIA usfarmingto visitcommunity,the parishforin histhis peoplesmall Abovelove andall,appreciationhow does andone thanksshow histo daughter, lovely originated Sharron supposedly there. a TayRae had SEEDLESS

first lor, friend, Mickelstop, as usual, a wonderful Faun Our was the parish where we worked for a considerable son, and a very sweet girl whom I

daughter, look the were Sharon might then around my own RAISINS time.we We were elated, feeling that have learned to love as though she Mickelson? thing countryside—a them do I thank did because we How

The World's Finest sightseeingschedule, andwasour usuallytours ofnottheinareasour fortheirgivingown freelymoneyoftotheirdo timework andfor

Raisins consisted for the most part of buying others? Without them this trip

postcards at a corner store and could not have been, for the two

Since 1890 spending the evening looking at months we spent multiplied by four them. Our country lane led onto totals up eight months of work—

this led I could never have to and done myself. them, never I can repay makFRESNO thethe right.highway,Weandstoppedour routebefore

HOME PACKING inggirls theandturn,said,and"I Ihaveturnedto visitto thea butfor hisI wouldchoicestask blessingsmy HeavenlyuponFatherthem.

COMPANY KingmanThey werefamilyall surprisedhere."and asked IffindI itwerein watchingto seek reward,two sweetI wouldyoung

why. I myself did not know why. girls live closely to their Heavenly

We had not visited families of the Father and put their hearts into surnames we were working on in prayer and develop deep abiding

Subscribe to other areas, nor did we on the retestimonies and a faith that their

THE GENEALOGICAL HELPER mainderstrongly thatof thewe trip,shouldyetdoI sofeltat verythis mothersWe canoftenneverdrewthankupon.our husbands

A quarterly magazine dedicated to "helptime. Instead of turning to the right, enough, for they gave up their suming more people find more genealogy."we went to the left, back into the mer to take care of our small chilNow in its fourteenth year it has the little town. A group of people were dren as well as to continue their

largest circulation of any genealogical talking near one of the stores, and jobs. They sent their blessings and

magazine in the U.S. Send for free catawe pulled up before them and inencouragement with us. We have

logue of genealogical supplies and full quired where a Kingman family come home with grateful hearts for description. might live. They directed us farther who we are, where we live, and what

on down the road to a moderate we have; with desires to serve, with

THE EVERTON PUBLISHERS sized house with a beautifully cared testimonies that will strengthen us 526 No. Main St.—Box M—Logan, Utah for garden. In this house lived an for many years to come. Our hearts

elderly man and his wife who graare full to overflowing with gratefulin. During the ness for our Heavenly Father's!<"<:''()4tHB*4MM)<>* ciously invited me

next three hours I was to learn that goodness unto us. We are very

this man was the last of the line humble before him, realizing all

IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS in England. The woman brought these things we owe to his kindness,

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple out many pictures and the family and we know he would have us sore throat and other minor mouth Bible that she had kept for many show our gratitude by living more and throat irritations. years. She handed it to me and righteous lives and doing his will to

this; like "I find,"shall "Seek to have you ye and would (Matt.

it."is will surely sure appreciate HALLS REMEDY said:I'm the best of our ability. to those God's promise you 7:7)

Salt Lake City, Utah No one will ever know the overwho will try with a sincere heart. I

whelming feeling that was in my know now that this applies to geneheart as I looked at the backleaf. alogy as much as to any other factor

On it was written in a very nice hand in this Church, and that seemingly

DRINK the names of the family I was searchinsurmountable problems and trials

birthdates. They added many more wayside. ficq A delightful ing for, the children and all their and evil designs will vanish by the

hot beverage for those who don't drink coffee.

AT YOUR GROCERS 362 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA What Is an Ideal Family?

(Continued from page 310) living away from parents, having a job with a future, having plans for a home and a car, having ambitions for a goodsized family, having plans to continue with an education, and setting goals which will some day lead to independence and security.

These are gravitational centers which draw the souls of a boy and a girl together and thereby motivate them to work with all their might to make -with SIX EXCITING their little kingdom a reality.

MORNING MILK (To he continued) for party and family meai$ Around the World Recipes

FREE at your grocer's Morning Milk display

You'll bring new ideas to your dinner table when you prepare and serve any one of these easyto-make recipes from foreign lands—all

These Times thoroughly tested in our Morning Milk Home Service Kitchens. Their

nourishment and their delicious flavor are enhanced, of course, with (Continued from page 292) Morningcream andMilk,tastestheevenevaporatedbetter. milk that looks like cream, pours like

ture? Will China explode a nuclear Get your free copy of these "Around the World"recipes today

weapon and join the US, USSR, at your grocer's and put "fun"back into mealtimes!

United Kingdom, and France in the nuclear weapons "society"? Whatif China should develop the energy Morning Alllk

to send her peoples into all parts Looks like cream Pours like cream Tastes even better/—and onethird fewer calories.

of the earth, say, in the same way the

British did after the days of Henry

VII? Would the fate of the American Indians befall some of us?

willScience in Chinese work hands t Cherished Moment British well asas and German.

3. The success or failure of the

effort to share prosperity. Is the

faith manifest in foreign aid, techni- \\ edding announcecal assistance, economic cooperation justified? The answer is firmly in ments for that important

the affirmative from the standpoint event. A wide selection of

of Christian ethics. The problem

becomes one as follows: Are Chrisstyles and cards that would

tian ethics, as justification for faith in foreign aid a stronger force than please the most discrimself-interest and treachery? How inating bride.

can faith and works be mustered to back up dollars and technical assistance?

4. The success or failure of the The West's Finest

fight for the standards of tolerance Printers and Binders and human freedom in ordinary affairs. This is the problem all must

face. How to make "peaceful coexistence"to those understandable asnsBttfDeseret'"''''I underpreachwho it but who neither

stand it nor practice it?

The British Secretary of State forForeign Affairs has given us some News thoughtful matters for consideration in these times.

33 RICHARDS ST. Press

* EM 4-25*% SALT LAKl'CiTY, UTAH

MAY I960 363

Kayaks Down the Nile only mother, a tenderhearted philanthropist with a heart as big as a for every member and a leaf (Continued from page 324) cabbage family. adoring of her immense

Ethiopians, Persians, Greeks, RoOne of our most chilling escapades mans, Arabs, Turks, French, and came one morning when we were

British, yet the only major influences jumped by an armed gang of Arab of all these foreign conquerers to bandits as we were blithely stroking endure have been Arabic and Moalong through a lonely mountainous hammedanism, the state language region near Dairut. In an obvious

and religion. attempt to intercept us the desperAs in millennia past they struggle adoes, about twenty in number,

lorstfnp in comfort for existence in poverty and illiteracy attacked in five small feluccas, shouton tiny farms averaging less than ing and brandishing their rifles as with individual seating one acre, for a wage of about thirtythey surged towards us. Fortunately

by five cents a day, barely enough to the Nile was nearly one thousand keep them alive. Malnutrition, yards wide giving us ample room

More and more HEYWOODpellagra, parasitic blood diseases, for evasive action. By summoning

places of worship WAKEFIELD tuberculosis, typhoid, and dysentery all our strength and paddling furiare featuring indidevastate their strength and cut ously we managed to elude and vidual comfort and their life expectancy to less than finally outdistance them. Just as we

privacy with HeywoodWakefield thirtyeight years. were making good our escape, bulseating. Tastefully designed and Before passing through the Asyut lets began whizzing around as the

manufactured to highest quality barrage, our third dam in 200 miles, infuriated, cursing men blasted away standards, chairs are available with we stopped at the American Presbywith their rifles. For the first time

a variety of hymnal racks and aisle terian Mission Hospital and Leper we found ourselves blessing instead ends adapted to your specific reClinic, first established in Asyut of damning the incessant wind; the

quirements. Write for folder illus- (70,000 population), only large city waves it stirred up kept our kayaks

trating many models. in upper Egypt as a small day clinic bobbing like corks, making us awkHEYWOOD-WAKEFIELD COMPANY in 1891 by a Kansas medical misward targets to hit, even for the best

Church Seating Division sionary, Dr. L. M. Henry. Despite marksman. Upon reaching the first

MENOMINEE, MICHIGAN the natives'distrust of Christians village downstream, we breathlessly and their belief that disease is caused reported our unnerving experience by demoniacal possession, the hosto the Omda who received our pital has steadily expanded from a shocking account with a philosophone-room donkey stable to a modern ical "maleesh,"and indispensable wellequipped institution staffed by Arabic word meaning roughly, "It's twenty skilled American and Egypfate."(By the time we had reached

QUICKLY FOLD tian doctors and nurses, who adminCairo I was convinced that the three OR UNFOLD!

Folding MaximumMinimum StorageSeating isteryear. to as many as 8,000 patients a starsthree inmostEgypt'stypicalflagcharacteristicsrepresented theof

Tables. A medical checkup by one of the her people: baksheesh, hashish, and

fair in doctors maleesh. showed we were PERFECTIONEEREDBetter appearance, de- a condition from but suffering Two weeks later we reached Cairo'durability and strength.

largest ficiency probably of (population and me- 2,500,000) every known finish. tropolis vitamin. After of Africa a complete our report top whereqtJUcheU Finestworkmanship,Choice construction,of many unknown

materials and colors. tour of the hospital and Leper Clinic, of the attack brought prompt action Folder Write for

where 135 outpatients afflicted from the authorities. A posse of MITCHELL MANUFACTURING CO. with Hansen's Disease are treated two hundred Egyptian soldiers were

Dept. A-10, Milwaukee 46, Wisconsin.

twice a week, we were guided sent out against the outlaws who around the highly esteemed mission quickly surrendered after only a schools, the primary, secondary, brief skirmish, and were then rounded

RENT equivalent to a U.S. high school, up and imprisoned. For several

Vacation Sleeping Trailers and the college, attended by childays we lingered at the cosmopolitan

Visit Yellowstone, Utah Parks dren from the best families of Egypt. capital feted like celebrities by a

Sleep 2 to 8 persons Across the river we called on the host of new friends who had been itemsAuto, all linen, kitchen Lillian Trasher, a following furnished on request. "Nile Mother,"our progress, them among

to Write sixtythree-year old from U.S. American at that time Mr. Jefferson, AmRENT-ALLS UNITED Lake City 15, Utah Jacksonville, Florida, who for fortybassador to Egypt, who graciously So. Main, Salt 2270

eight vears has been "Mama"to invited me as guest of honor to a thousands of Egypt's orphaned and Fourth of July garden party for the deserted waifs. Her amazing orphanAmerican colony at his home. We

age, started in 1911 with a thirtyfive spent much time roaming Cairo's

When you think of TRAVEL cent donation and a tiny emaciated teeming streets and bazaars, gaping baby, is home to 630 children of all at some of its 365 mosques, many or

Think of MURDOCK TRAVEL ages and Miss Trasher is their them centuries old, and generally 51 North State Salt Lake City, Utah

DA 2-1 129

364 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Just across absorbing the exotic atmosphere of a city one thousand years old where the street ancient and modern are inseparably intermingled. Little did we dream from the

laterthat six months Cairo would TEMPLE GROUNDS a torchcarryingbe devastated by mob of antiBritish rioters, with sixtyseven individuals killed and nearly 300 million dollars worth ofbuildings (among them Shepheards'HOTEL UTAH

Hotel) and property destroyed during the catastrophe. Free TV and radio in every room

... comfortable Seven miles west of Cairo we visUltra-modern

ited the most famous of all antiquiReasonable rates ties, the three pyramids of Gizeh, Familystyle "Crossroads"restaurant pool the tradeSwimming as Egypt's worldknown to is your car and parked sixtyseven themark. various Of.. just. outside door. your

sized pyramids erected through the centuries along a sixtymile stretch Next visit to Salt Lake City enjoy the of the Nile only eleven remain intact extra pleasure of staying at the Hotel today. The three at Gizeh are the Utah Motor Lodge.

largest and most perfectly preserved Max Dean, Manager of all, built by three kings of the Complete convention facilities and exhibit halls, too—for up to 1400!

Old Kingdom over four thousand years ago, Cheops (Khufu), Khephren, and Mycerinus, to insure preservation of their mummified bodies and to glorify their names foreternity. The Great Pyramid of NOW

Cheops, man's mightiest monument, was constructed on a scale that in its own staggers the imagination. For twenty

years some 100,000 workmen toiled to create this triangular mountain of bmdmi solid granite, stacking 2,300,000 individual blocks, each weighing two and a half tons, to a height of 481 feet—enough stone to build a wall

four feet high from Los Angeles to BRIDAL GOWNSSt. Johns, Newfoundland! When THE APOSTLES FORMALS

finished each pyramid was sheathed DRESSES from pinnacle to base with a limeLINGERIE stone casing, expertly fitted to form OE JESUS CHRIST a completely smooth surface. But

the Moslem builders of Cairo appropriated the casing stones and with the text by many of the large granite blocks to use in their own buildings, such as President David O. McKay

the first Citadel, architectural crown and most prominent landmark of (from the November 1959 ERA)

Cairo, and the magnificent mosque 38 South Main Salt Lake City of Sultan Hassan. Now only the

summit of the Second Pyramid retains any of the facing stones, which formerly made scaling of the colossal $1.00 15 Inch Typewriters suitable

mausoleums impossible. With Jean for Genealogy work

on Factory rebuilts. to 60%

literature. freeaccompanying me I fulfilled a boyat your bookstore Save fromWrite25% for

hood ambition by climbing to the top of the Great Pyramid where, SCHREYER TYPEWRITERS with one sweeping gaze, we beheld 757 So. State Salt Lake City 11, Utah

everything characteristic of Egypt—

desert,the yellow shimmering the CONSTRUCTION - HOME - FARM NOW AVAILABLE - WRITE FOR CAMPING valley of thegreen Nile, and

COMPLETE LISTING OFthe other ageold monuments. In the WELFARE FREE

distance we could see the step pyraand EMERGENCY PROGRAMS Mormon Tabernacle Choir Records

Distributed by Columbia Recordings

L. A. JONES CO. -M/r RECORD CENTRE t

St. 1120 Richards Salt Soufh Main I 47 j Lake City, Utah Zrit VI 2-5849 Salt Lake DA City, Utah

MAY I960 365 REMARKABLY COMFORTABLE NEWDESIGN mid of King Zoser at Sakkara, said panions. Upon landing we were

WOOD to be the oldest manmade structure quickly surrounded by the whole

FOLDING in Ourexistence.spirits were buoyant as we village,spitting,nearlyvilifyingthree hundrednatives. jostling,Our

CHAIRS departed from Cairo, escorted by passports, which we attempted to several racing shells from the Royal hold up for examination, were thrown

CORONET Rowing Club. We felt that our to the ground in the confusion. Just

220 weexpeditionhad onlvwas120practicallyadditionalovermilesnowto ason ittheseemedspot threethat wegaffirswould(villagebe killedpocover. We should have remembered licemen) edged their way through

what we had long since discovered, the milling throng and, heeding our that the only predictable thing demands, led us to the dwelling of

SIT IN IT...1N0T ON IT about the Nile is its being unprethe Omda.

dictable. Twenty miles downstream, The official proved to be a dodwe were forced to detour down the dering old gentleman who was

Bagouria Canal, part of the sprawling completely bewildered by the comnetwork of waterways through the motion we had caused. Unable

"A"FRAME construction flat, fertile Delta country, where to decide what to do with us he

No sag or rigid twothirds of Egypt's cotton, her ordered his gaffirs to lock us up in DESIGNsway—permanentlycradles your figure CONTOUR

STACK HIGH. Won't rock. They "nest"firmly most important crop, is grown. the local prison, a flearidden hooseSIMPLE CLOSING ACTION. Silent and positive Gliding quietly along the narrow gow where we fretted for hours

rails No noisy or channels Boltaflex SEAT. cover canal, fringed with small villages, until a police lieutenant arrived from PADDED FOAM

Choice of 14 colors we were able to observe the life and a neighboring town. He was about

RICHLY GRAINED wood. Durable satin finish customs of the people to a remarkthe twentieth person to examine our

for Relief Especially suitable Society rooms able degree, often without their even passport and official papers but, or other extra "nice"areas.

Would you like a demonstration? being conscious of our passing. The like all the others, he was perplexed

Write for the dealer in your area. villagers displayed intense exciteas to what to do, so finally loaded

f.Pats. Pending ment when they did spot us. Women us in his pickup and drove to the

washing or filling their jars at the large town of Minouf to let the water's edge scattered in alarm like commandant of police decide our [j rt PRODUCTS, INC a covey of quail, and swarms of case. Fortunately the Commandant

CHANDLER STREET, JAMESTOWN, NEW YORK men and boys chased after us along Medhat El Morrass could speak the banks. English and had "followed the

The flustered reactions of the expedition with envy from the bepeople did not worry us greatly, ginning."Our description of the atFIL we knew they were unaccustomed tack elicited profuse apologies from

DEVELOPED & PRINTED to seeing foreigners, therefore when him and a promise that he would we paused to photograph a graceful, personally take steps to insure us dutchshoe shaped felucca one day from any further demonstrations.

near the village of Kaaf Shubra we We bade farewell to our host the

Exposur Send Coin Only were totally unprepared for the next morning after spending the

No C.O.D.'s riotous sequence of events which night at his home and were driven

)LD PHOTOS Copied and Printe followed. A rumor as we learned back to Kaaf Shubra through the for each GENEALOGY—60*

Moneyback Guarantee! later, had swept through the town densely populated region where the

inhabitants Israeli of all things, were, thousand two number that we SAM'S PHOTO LAB in per square espionage, engaged two found (Egypt mile. We Lake City, Ut.1 spiesIP. O. Box 1115, Dept. AA, Salt

was officially at war with Israel) guards watching over the boats and bringing a mob of almost hysterically an unusually subdued citizenry linagitated fellahin to the banks. ing the banks upon our return.

The Mormon Trek Historical Not understanding what the ruckAs we shoved off, eager to make

Map in Full Color us was all about but realizing a up for lost time, three husky soldiers dangerous situation was brewing, we garbed in khaki and red tarbooshes historical texts places 17"x22"with and rifles their across started fast as slung paddling as with backs away illustration full of bust life factual together Brighamillustrated—plus right Young far possible. the bank, get each appeared before on We didn't

gift. story. fine inspiring. Truly withA stallion. astride A the natives Arabian overwrought a handsome began to aid. teaching Guaranteed wonderful

please back. have made or money We a bombarding us with grapefruitAn escort to protect us from any price permit to a large printing of $1

ppd. (If you order 6 maps, the price is sized clods of hard clay, several of more trouble along the way—compli-

$5 ppd.

Historical Trek for all six.)Map today.Order your$1 ppd.Mormon which made direct hits on our bodies ments of the commandant! Every

as well as our kayaks. Faced with few hours a fresh team would take

JOHN REID the vicious stoning we had no alover the job of escorting us so that

Box 68 Hackensack, New Jersey ternative but to surrender and every minute while we were prochance the consequences. Several ceeding towards the Mediterranean

in the crowd were in such a frenzy we were convoyed by two and someIpvcl that even after our capitulation they times three alert guardians.

-for* | cffoveas continuedclods until peltingheld backus withby theirstickscomand milesAfterof experiencingrugged traveleightthroughthousandthe

KITCHEn CHflRm WAXED PAPER

366 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Toast of the Town"remote regions of nine countries of virtually and comAfrica, unarmed to made with it seemed independent,pletely us rather a ludicrous situation to have an armed guard totaling twentyfour mounted men watch over usduring the last hundred miles of our TABLE QUEEN journey.—of course /

Nine arduous months after commencing our "impossible"expedition we arrived at Rosetta, our longdreamed of and, at times, seemingly unattainable goal. Thus we think

we became the first men in history to explore successfully from its most remote head springs to its mouth the 4,160 mile length of the queen Tastes better—toasts

of all rivers, the mighty Nile. That better—because Table Queen

we achieved this feat is a tribute not has a smooth, even texture.

so much to any courage or stamina Try a loaf today—see how good

on our part, but to the constant bread can be.

guidance, protection, and sustaining influence of our Heavenly Father. ROYAL AKING COMPANY, SALT LAKE AND OGDEN

To the query of the welcoming mayor of Rosetta, "Was it worth it?"

I merelv replied, "I wouldn't trade Choose this experience for $1,000,000."Under

my breath I murmured, "And I Your wouldn't duplicate it again for ten Bearing times that amount."

"I really didn't think you'd ever make it,"replied the mayor.

"Well, four can do anything when "FANTWIRL"SPRINKLER one of them is God,"said I. (Like a Rotating Fan)

the water once drinks "He who VERY BEST SPRINKLER to travelof though the Nile, he may—

Patented 20 Years—tothe ends of the earth, will return ForPerfectHigh—or ScientificLow PressureDesign

to drink again."Built Right to Water Right—Waters

(Ancient Egyptian Proverb.) Better—Faster—Cheaper—Immediate

Complete Coverage.

This prophecy came true, and the FAST GENTLE THOROUGH

Nile became "the river of return"SUPERB Ball Bearing $4.50 Postpaid

for Jean Laporte who went back to Fine Sleeve Bearing $3.50 Postpaid

the river just a year later. AccomAsk Your Dealer

panying him was Jacques Blein, a If not at your dealers, ORDER TODAY 42year-old ethnologist. The two DIRECT from

men planned to make a colored FANTWIRL CO.

movie of the Victoria Nile and to BURLEY, IDAHO 5 days FREE TRIAL—Guaranteedtravel over the 125 mile stretch of "BANQUETMASTER"THE NEW LIGHT WEIGHT

TABLE FOLDING BANQUETthe Nile which Laporte missed on for Designed today's beautiful the expedition. Tragedy struck Churches Schools NEEDwhen they capsized in a violent Cafes Private Homes C & MONEY?fast way for your W has an easy,

rapids after covering only eight miles ward or auxiliary to raise funds. Our

auxilthe with program is working Falls. LDS river theof Ripon below A. iary in supply groups which them we to himself saveLaporte by managed

the with basis material (on a charge and clinging to a rock he from which profit) approximately that they 50% swam safely to shore, but Blein was as a fund raising project. For full detailsuse

without obligations write or send coupon disappeared, preswallowed up and by West Made to: L.D.S- in workmen.the for not by crocodiles,sumably eaten buy, compare BanBefore you BISHOPS—a trace was ever found of him even quetmasters for quality of ymaterial and

though a rescue party led by Laporte workmanship,for descriptive beautybrochureof withdesign.pricesWriteand ciWholesaTelistributors2435 South State Street L.D.S. Owned

searched for three days. The Siren discounts. Satisfaction Guaranteed P.SaltO.LakeBox City281 15, Utah and Operated

Nile had lured another victim to his Sample table sent for your inspection.

death. Write or telephone collect JA 2-6601. Ward—CO., INC. Name D. H. LOOSU

Address - Idaho Falls, Idaho

MAY I960 367 The Last Word

THE MOST WITH THE LEAST A gentle old lady on a suburban bus watched for by John McNair some time, with the kindliest interest, a young soldier sitting next to her. The fellow was chewing gum

I've often heard the thought expressed, vigorously. Finally, she leaned across, patted him

"Well, at least he did his best."on the knee, and said:

I wonder when they apply this phrase, "I'm awfully sorry, but it simply isn't any use trying

What part in it the "at least"plays? to talk to me, young man, I'm completely deaf."

A wealthy Texan tipped a waiter $100 in a New

York restaurant.

"Pardon me,"gasped the astonished man. "You

gave me $100. There must be some mistake."

"That should teach you a lesson,"complained the

Texan. "Next time I come, I hope I'll get some better

service."

An Englishman, an Irishman, and an American were flying over the Sahara Desert.

Famed slogan in "A"Thebeastlydevil'splace,"home,"thesaidEnglishmanthe Irishman.said.

tiny sea food I #1 res- "What a parking lot!"said the American.

in taurant San Fran- I * seat 7,000 cisc: "We 1U at a 16 at a time peopietime.

A teacher, annoyed with clockwatching students, covered the clock with a card on which was lettered:

"Time will pass. Will you?"

Gossip is the art of saying nothing in a way that leaves nothing unsaid. Beautiful faces are they that wear

The light of a pleasant spirit there;

Beautiful hands are they that do "A banker,"said Mark Twain, "is a fellow who lends Deeds that are noble, good, and true;

you his umbrella when the sun is shining and wants Beautiful feet are they that go it back the minute it begins to rain."Swiftly to lighten another's woe.

"All the flowers of tomorrow are in the seeds of The white collar class is that which is most often today."—Chinese proverb. taken to the cleaners.

No one better realizes the value of an education Children who are careful not to make a noise are than someone who sends a youngster through college. usually preparing some sort of explosion.

368 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Something warm and human and wonderful happens when you send flowersby-wire Though you're far away, you can be close to Just phone or visit your FTD florist listed in her on Mother's Day with flowersby-wire. the phone book Yellow Pages under FTD—

They'll reach out and touch her so deeply Florists'Telegraph Delivery. Beautiful selecshe'll actually feel that you're there—to make tions, low as $5. Delivery anywhere.

her day complete. So, say "Happy Mother's This Emblem Guarantees

Delivery beausameDay"with flowersby-wire—the

back moneytiful flowers were home. you'd give her if you Florists'Telegraph Delivery Qualityyourand

I Don't forget me, Dad

How could Dad forget! You just don't ignore a small boy who wants to tag along. In a few

tooshort years, this small boy who seems always at your heels will be nearing manhood... with

its many new problems and decisions.

Of course you expect to be there when he needs you... to offer wise counsel... and financial

assistance that will help him prepare for the career of his choice. And even if anything should

happen to you, you can still provide an assured financial future when it is needed most with your Beneficial Life Insurance Planned Futures Program.

Check into the benefits of a Beneficial "Planned Future"for your family today. Just mail

the card below, or call your local Beneficial Life agent for details. No obligation, of course.

Beneficial Life Insurance Co., Dept. E560

Beneficial Building, Salt Lake City, Utah

Please send interesting facts about your Beneficial Life Planned

Futures Program... with no obligation, of course. BENEFICIAL LIFE

Name - -

Street or RFD - City Zone State Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah