/llmproucmentlEra

JANUARY, 1945 RETURN POSTAGE GUARANTEED SALT LAKE CITY 1, UTAH The magic flame that will brighten your future.

Unequalled for economy, heat control and speed

MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY Serving Twentythree Utah Communities

FOR WINTERTIME

By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

ot only are $fo*fy <&* grrhrms

A map of the starry heavens was delicious and good to eat, made by the Pawnee Indians about the time of Columbus. Now in the but they re so nourishing, too!

Chicago Natural History Museum, the Five gyoHv&. grrhrms in a the positions ofmap gives the planets

accurately enough for astronomers to glass of milk actually double be able to tell when it was made.

the nutritive value of "\17hen spiders span a wide gap the milk! Keep a generous first time to build a web, it is usually carrying done by the wind a single c,lpply on hand for hearty

silken first. line across Spiders have

been known to fix one end of a single strand to an object high above the ground, climb down to the ground while reeling out the strand, then climb up - look for the Rich high feet object on another many away Brown Package in the lineand reel to take the slack. up

7V study of the time to locate the proper holes and dial a telephone number has revealed that the overall time to dial a sevendigit number is about twelve seconds.

VSTisconsin and Oregon were likely both named for the same river, the Wisconsin, one of the main routes used by the French in passing from the

Great Lakes to the Mississippi. Oregon

has been traced back to the form

Oaaricon on early maps, but on most early maps Wisconsin is written

Ouiconsing, the oui later being changed to wi the way the same sound may be represented in English.4: A HABIT

A new twomillion volt X-ray tube has been developed. Medically this

will make possible deeper treatment forcancer, and industrially it will make posWORTH WHILE sible examination of materials for flaws, by taking pictures in a fraction of the time necessary with the best previous Thousands of women regularly every Tuesday and Thursday morning tubes. tune in Mary Lee Taylor's broadcast of recipe demonstrations from the Sego

Milk Experimental Kitchen. They do it to get new ideas that help them prepare wartime meals that are more wholesome and delicious and that cost

"Rish can be trained to respond to less... with Irradiated Sego Milk.

pitch over sound about the same Listeners are invited to write for free cookbooks and recipes and menu sensitivityrange as the of the human... suggestions. details in for complete Tune

ear. Using tuning forks and food, fish

have been found to hear weaker sounds the Every Tuesday and Thursday Morning than ears also under water. do human standard 9:00—a.m. KUTA—

kinds of fish sounds. 10:15 MinmakeMany a.m. OF KLO KSL—KSUB—11:159:00 a.m.a.m.

nows when excited give a soft piping HIGHEST KGIR—10:30 a.m. KRBM—10:30 a.m.

9:45 a.m. KPFA—sound. QUALITY

a.m. KGVO—10:309:45 a.m.a.m. KIDOKFBB——10:30

KTFI—10:30 a.m. KSEI—10:15 a.m.

9:15 a.m. KOVO—10:15 a.m.

a.m.A hundred pounds of scrap fats and KEUBKOH——10:15

"oils can be converted into more Also—you'll enjoy "THE SATURDAY NIGHT SERENADE"

than six pounds of glycerin, then to featuring Jessica Dragon otte fifteen pounds of nitroglycerin. This Every Saturday—7:45 to 8:15 p.m.—KSL

nitroglycerin used in blasting dynamite can loosen tons coal 1500 of soft or sufSego Milk Products Company ficient iron steel ore to provide to make Originator of Evaporated Milk in the Intermountain two thousand hundredpound bombs. Plants in Richmond, Utah; Preston and Buhl, IdahoWest

{Concluded on page 4) JANUARY, 1945 Jke Ucouer JkoiAqhfalouatiid in

This study in wheels is by Jeano Or- a J\itcktlen lando. Wheels suggest

things. Inactivemany the QmpTOieiEFbra By Elaine V. Emanswheels suggest

winter. ofdormancy

the turn of wheel JANUARY, 1945 VOLUME 48, NO. 1 made the cookiesThe

I like today, that of the turnsuggests you OF THE "THE VOICE CHURCH"year.the are Wheels into tucking them And, Official of Priesthood the Improvement Mutual Quorums, Organ to basicbasic motion, jar, their squatty

of Associations, Education, Music Committee, Department Ward travel,to to basic ma-

I thought, must why of Christ of Jesus of Agencies the and Teachers, Other Churchterial progress.

far too be he away Saints Latterday

To have them? Then

* I smiled, for though too far For things I bake, I Jke (Lditor'd Ja 9e nearknew that you are

Greetings from the First Presidency... 10 Enoughceiving forof thesafestorereOf courage I can send,

and sunny cheer, Lkurck jreattArei And dreams of future, faith; and, even more

"Behold the Lamb of God, Which Taketh Away the Sin of Important probably, the World"J. Reuben Clark, Jr. 12 there is no ban

love which one On Organization.... Doctrine Prophet and The Joseph Smith—on send a servicemay 14 David C\ McKay man! Life Story Grant of Augusta Winters A Mormon Wife—The—HI: Augusta Goes Away to School....Mary Grant Judd 16

Mr. Church Officer: Do You Talk Too Much?

Marvin O. Ashton 21

Mission Spirit Kept Alive Ann C* Larson 22 Change of Address:

Evidences and Reconciliations: LXXXVD3—Why Is Rein* Fifteen days'notice recarnation a False Doctrine? John A. Widtsoe 29 quired for change of address. When ordering a

The Church Moves On 25 Ward Teaching 34 change, please include

Priesthood: The Seventy 18 NoLiquor-Tobacco Column....31 stencil impression from a

Melchizedek 30 Genealogy 32 recent issue of the magaAaronic 33 Music 35 zine. Address changes

cannot be made unless the old address as well as

jreateatures specialT the new one is included. Executive and Editorial

Man's Eternal Belief in Immortality Levi Edgar Young 18 Offices:

Some Experiences with General Villa Leslie L* Sudweeks 23 50 North Main Street,

Editors The Spoken Word from Temple Square Richard L. Evans 26 Salt Lake City 1, Utah.

J. Grant Heber

Frankthe Universe, Copyright Learning 1944 Exploring to Think, MabelRuth by Mu- A. Widtsoe John

1 Inc., lin S. Harris, 32 tual Funds, Jackson Jr a CorManaging Editor Early Indians of. the FourCor- Homing: Christmas Cards and poration of the Young

Richard L Evans ner Region, Charles E. DibSugar Sacks, Gladys F. Men's Mutual ImproveAssociate Editors ble 3 Rasmussen 36 ment Association of the

of Christ Here's - 4 of Jesus 36 Telefacts Church How Josephson C. Marba

All Saints. Latterday Cook's Corner, Josephine B. Fun, Albert L. Zobell, Family Mulder William

rights reserved. SubscripNichols 36 6 Jr the armed with (on leave

forces) On the Bookrack 7 Handy Hints 38 tion price, $2.00 a year,

General Manager The Religious Attitudes of News from the Camps 39 in advance; 20c single

George Q. Morris Noted Men, Leon M. Strong.. 8 Your Page and Ours 56 copy.

Entered at the Post Associate Manager Office, Salt Lake City,

Lucy G. Cannon Utah, as secondclass

Business Manager (Ldtforiaid matter. Acceptance for

John D. Giles mailing at special rate of

in for provided postage Richard L Evans 28 the Books Were Opened""And

National 1 of 1 03, Act OcYear's 28 section C. Josephson, Marba Wish Advertising New Representatives authorized tober, 1917,

Francis M. Mayo, July 2, 1918.

Salt Lake City Era Improvement The S. Townsend, Edward

not responsible for unand Stories, j-oet is San Francisco

Los Angeles solicited manuscripts, but

Dougan and Bolle, The Hardscrabble Grizzlies Claude T. Barnes 20 welcomes contributions.

Chicago and The Lost Pathfinder—Part I Ann Woodbury Hafen 40 All manuscripts must be

. New York suffiaccompanied by Frontispiece: Kitchen, Elaine Winter, in a Eva W. for delivery cient postage Bureau of Thoughts AuditMember, 9 2 Wangsgaard V. Emans and return. Circulations

. Spirit, 24 Poetry C. Frank Page Come, Holy

Steele 6 oftL FOURCORNERS REGION

By DR. CHARLES E. DIBBLE

7TS we search for the beginnings of u\ Indian history in Utah, it is neces- * * sary to piece together the story from the sketchy existing evidence. The

first people of which we find remains are a hunting and foodgathering people who wandered over most of Southwestern United States. They lived in caves;

their tools were of flint; and their principal weapon was a spear.

About 300 A.D. an agricultural people appeared in the Fourcorners area.

At first this culture was limited to the area drained by the San Juan River. The

culture has come to be known as the basketmaker culture, because the people made an excellent type of basketry.

The first stage of their culture is Basketmaker LI.

The Basketmaker II people were longheaded; they lived in brush windTom loved his No one will miss breakfast time

breaks at the rear of open caves. They Sunday morning sleep. at your house, when it's time for

pit (cist) slablined constructed a

I tender, "straight wheat"pancakes time for in Come their they stored surplus food. which Remember Grandma's pancakes? Breakfast, not a peep! clothing rabbitbark, of They made... well, get you grand, the same

skins, feathers. and Their woven sanold-fashioned flavor from Globe

fiber. dals of were yucca made They "Al"Pancake Flour- & Waffle their in position; buried dead a flexed

almost invariably wellmade baskets made with "straight wheat"flour.

were placed over the head of the deceased. The only domesticated animal

was the dog. A special treat for the family... but

In addition to hunting, the chief Till Sue served no special trouble for you. You

source corn food squash. of was and pancakes of "straight wheat"delicious make jiffy. pancakes in a

agricultural basic implement The for Now Tom thinks Just add water or milk to readycultivating digging a and pointed was Breakfast can't be beat! mixed Globe Pancake "Al"& stick bladelike for or which used was

planting or loosening the soil. Waffle Flour, stir, and bake. And

At this point in the prehistory of the for supertender A-l waffles follow

Southwest the efforts of the people were the easy recipe on the box.

(Concluded on page 38)

And here's the reason why...

A-l "straight wheat"flavor is an exclusive feature of Globe "Al"Pancake & Waffle Flour. It results from a blending

of highest quality ingredients just like you'd use in your own kitchen...

flour (straight wheat... no other

grains), buttermilk, and five other baking ingredients... already mixed

for your convenience. Globe "Al"has

that truly, oldfashioned and homemade flavor!

PANCAKE AND

OBJECTS FROM UTAH CAVES: a, hairbrush

of pine needles; b, fragment of carrying WAFFLE FLOUR

c, of dipper mountain sheep horn; d, pottery band; GLOBE Mf)

e, paint cup; ball of cord.

the Bureau—From of American Ethnology -J Publicationbg Neil M. Judd

JANUARY, 1945

[THE ADVENTURES OF MRS. GIBSON] II TEiEFACT HOW SOME FOOD PRICES HAVE

190 GONE UP SINCE 1939 the Case of the

100 -

CEREAL, DAIRY MEATS FRUITS & EGGS BAKERY VEGETABLES PRODUCTS PRODUCTS

WCTOGRAPH CORPORATION

EXPLORING THE UNIVERSE

( Concluded from page 1 \Tery promising experiments indicate

VI 7ooden dry docks for ships arc built that the labor of sugar beet thinning * in polluted waters, rather than in may be eliminated. By separating the

clean waters, because bugs and destrucmultiple sugar beet seed into single tive worms cannot live in polluted seeds, the seeds can be planted individuwaters. ally the proper distance apart.

susthat has found work [ aboratory invented been has type pump new A the of of pensions probably a mold, of the beating the waves uses which the interfere with group, is penicillium It for side power. ship's a against

bacilli. tubercule of the growth half foot a and that a waves claimed

high will enable the pump to eject one 4 light all that is nearly meat A chicken of water a minute. eat ton wouldn't Gibson Mr. Beltsat the developed has been his breakfast. didn't like He station. ville, experiment Maryland,

this treated didn't time has he have—H. P\r. Harmon Paul 4 *- that. insertingfor race He'd through surgically arthritis by in milk flavor cow's occurs f"\NiON

after joints affectedthe swallow paper, the in plastic morning cups after five the minutes within about rehas been growth excess bone glass milk the of aa and make disonions, not eaten does and has cow painless motion. permitting for thedive bus. moved, 7:20 after until feeding. six hours appear

Then Mrs. G. discovered French weed flavor in the milk takes

ZOOM. "I'd like that, myHPhe United States could support a longer to disappear. To avoid weed

self,"she thought, "and population of about five hundred flavors in the milk, cows must be kept since it cooks instantly it fifty million, Dr. William J. Berry has off weedy pastures three to eight hours

won't take long to prepare."estimated, on the basis of resources and before milking.

So she cooked some for a comparison of geographical regions 4 her breakfast but when Mr. of the United States with more heavily /\nly one third of the area of the

Gibson saw it he said: "That populated regions of comparable soil -* United States is east of the Missislooks mighty good. I might and climate in other parts of the world. sippi River.

try a little."And before he

jumped for the bus, he'd eaten two bowlsful.

Have you a breakfastTEUFACTslighter in your home? CANADA'S WHEAT PRODUCTION GOING UP AGAIN

ZOOM, Fisher's instantcook- ing whole wheat cereal willstart the day right with a 1940 QQQQQQOOOQQQOS hot, nourishing meal that "lasts till lunch."Get ZOOMat your grocer's today. r941 QOOQQQC

1942 QQOOQQOOQOOOOOCQ 1943 QOQQOOQS 1944 QQQQQQQQOOQ INSTANT COOKING Each symbol represents 40 million busheis

WHOLE WHEAT CEREAL P1CTOGRAPH CORPORATION

Another and different story of a most remarkable career.

Joseph the Prophet lives in the hearts of his people with affection Joseph Smith Here "appears the Mormon leader, undiminished by time. The Prophet $3.00 measurablyfull stature superiorand fourto square,most of imthe

Joseph The Prophet $1.50 eminent men of his time."

Joseph Smith, An American Prophet..$3.00

In language remarkable for clarity

UTAH, the beautiful, her hardy inand beauty, a profound thinker dustries, courageous people, and shows the way to secure an abunwealth of dramatic story. dant living. More than four score years of livUtah In Her Western Constancy Amid ing Mormonism produced.

Setting $3.50 Change $2.00 Gospel Standards..$2.25

DESERET BDDK CDMPANY "THE BOOK CENTER OF THE INTERMOUNTAIN WEST"44 East South Temple St., P. O. Box 958, Salt Lake City 10, Utah

Please send me Name Address The following books:

Please send me a copy of your latest catalog. Herewith $.

JANUARY, 1945!.!!!

Family Fun

Zobell, /r. OK, LADY! By Albert L.

\17ith the long winter evenings and * * the prospects that rationing will keep still more of us at home, one wonMOTHER 3 dersof familyjust entertainment,what can be donewheninthethegroupway

MACA gathers around. How about an old time spelling bee? Way back there in school

SAYS.. we learned a rule of spelling: "/ before

e, except after c."Later on, they told

us that "the exception proved the rule."

Here's Succes There'sveil, their,either,height,neither,leisure,weird,reign, seize,caffeine... but how many can your group

name in twenty seconds by the clock? Insurance for There are other rules that can be

Your Baking! cited,Everyandwordthe exceptionsmust have called.a vowel. But

how many words can you name with all six vowels? Here's a starter: facetiously, vexatiously, unquestionably, unafAmazing fectionately, instantaneously, disadvantageously, unintentionally, ambidextrously, and unimpressionably. MACA YEAST Another very interesting field is the

Use just like compressed yeast proverbs. Did you ever stop to think

—nothing new to learn. howother? manyThere'sof them"Nothingcontradictventured,each World's Grand Prize award-

J. G. at Yet it keeps fresh on your nothing gained,"and the equally good edMcDonald'sthe makersChocolatesof Mrs.

expantry shelf International is lost."the London for weeks! proverb, "He who hesitates

six.. one position of a feather is "Birds refrigeration! Another set no Needs prizes of and.grand flock world's

together,"which is cancelled by "Op44 gold medals received for

Imagine! Now—with Maca Yeast—posites attract."Make it a game by excellence.

you can be sure of baking delicious adding to the list.

bread and rolls fast... using it just Instructors of typewriting often give TN this height of the holilet- containing every students sentences you'll find season, like yeast. day special compressed methNo It's surprising alphabet. the of how

the or flavor ter ods recipes. Yet enjoy you J. Mrs. G. McDonald's it is conshort sentence to easy make a

and convenience advantages of granutaining all the letters. Chocolates a worldfa-

lar yeast that only Maca gives you Did you ever try your hand at writing mous addition to every mental That's headlines? newspaper Time 2 Save Energy and Ways festive occasion. Choose into that good gymnastics be can made

acts rises Yeast fast so so Maca—of thousands tostory front that fun. page Take them—as all finished you're quickly—in baking a in head, the night. the used space Count their hostesses do—for hours. few trips saves to extra the Maca

half for each spaces allowing one a and store, delicious it too freshness because fresh keep can and you—

i, refor half each space w, one and m for shelf, weeks your always pantry on goodness. the between space to count member It's handy. for dated complete proyour

if a see can words, make you and now tection. difference results in what a forAnd for your

It did. the editor better headline than rolls gives thrilling that bread and Maca equal with mal the the of can't for long width be too Serveevents—orthem... like flavor oldfashioned just grandma's bread used to have. column, and a short line is about as bad, success, a thoughtful gesand what's more important, the headture to those friends and

line must say something.

All Yeast! neighbors who drop in

No Water, COME, HOLY SPIRIT through the holidays.

No Filler! Yes, Mrs. J. G. McDonald's A Prayer

By C. Frank Steele Chocolates offer you a

HIT WITH Spirit, light divine, A MAKE perfect way of saying Holy MACA! Come,

fill folks tempting, this suppliant heart of mine; "welcome"—and of offergolden-crusted Serve your Come,

bread and rolls with that thrilling oldCome with thy grace that I may see ing the best of good choctime flavor. Just bake with Maca, the The power of God's felicity. olates for those you greet

original fast granular still Spirit, witness yeast. Ask your groCome, Holy in your home.

cer Yeast today for Maca fulfil great love, his words Of God's

P. S. Since Maca is serving the armed That he shall never cease to bless,

forces, your grocer might not always have Nor leave his children comfortless.

it. If he doesn't, ask for Yeast Foam, your Come, Holy Spirit, in thy care

faithful standby. It, too, gives bread and The peace of God all men may share;

rolls a grand oldfashioned flavor. O, may the light of truth be shed Upon the living and the dead. Mrs.J.G.McDonald

NORTHWESTERN YEAST COMPANY Spirit, divine, Come, power Holy Chocolate Company 1750 N. Ashland Ave. Chicago

fire this soul thou of mine; 22, III. Cleanse with

COPYRIGHT 1544. NORTHWESTERN CO. and Operated by YEAST Salt Lake City—Owned thy Saints anointed be And may

To reign forever, Lord, with thee. Mrs. J. G. McDonald and R. Neal McDonald

THE IMPROVEMENT FRA feracfe vvceBoo THE SHAPE OF BOOKS TO COME a book is to be guilty of violation of one (J. Donald Adams. Viking Press, New of our articles of faith: "... If there is anyYork. 1944. 202 pages. $2.50.) thing virtuous, lovely, or of good report or

INlightthis ofbookhis thecriticalauthorvalueshas turnedon the thewritingsclear praiseworthy,Sir James Jeanswe seekis oneafterof thethesethinkersthings."of

and writers of the immediate past and presthis era. Scientist of great ability, he is also

ent, with the result that the reader can himphilosopher, and from his book, readers will self reach definite standards of criticism that come away stimulated to try to make this will benefit him in all of his reading. earth what it should and could be. What

Divided into eleven chapters, with a foreLatter-day Saint can fail to be stirred by word and an epilogue, the book will find these words, "... the main message of astroready acceptance by all who are interested nomy is one of hope to the race and of rein reading. Two statements that he makes sponsibility to the individual—of responin his foreword deserve wide consideration sibility because we are drawing plans and

by writers and genuine acceptance by readlaying foundations for a longer future than ers: "We shall not wear blinders or rosewe can well imagine."

colored glasses in the years that lie ahead, That the book has won deserved popubut we shall look up as well as down,"and larity can be gleaned from the fact that it "... literature, during the years immediately has been translated into thirteen languages

ahead, will seek above all else to restore and has passed through four editions and the dignity of the human spirit."Another innumerable reprints.—M. C, J.

interest that thosestatement should who MEN is that BRAVE the cleanwish to keep language Pyle. {Ernie Holt Henry and Co., New Could You in profanity, vulgarityconcerning which and York. 1944. pages. $3.00.) 474

that that are convinced stateshe when we title for the the book from came the The them, of those are use aroundwe who officer of a British mark who, walking their conversation. ofmonotony battlefield the just over finished, as action reHefusea is recognithat a deserves This wide book still the found their lying in American boystion.—M. C. /. foxholes, their rifles grasped in firing positheir in tion hands. dead JOURNEY,LONE THE LIFE the In the book, deals author with the inChild? WILLIAMSOF ROGER

Italy, Sicily, of and Normandy. And Eaton. (Jeanette Harcourt, Brace and Co., vasions

the stories are their while in reality, grim chilAmerica's npHIS MONTH 1944. pages. $2.50.) York. 266New

are livened they the with humor by which life, his Williams Roger hadThroughout healthy and the dren—crippled, American serviceman has punctuated for liberty of passion freedom and a

his exploits. courageous faccomforting calling those as yet A unborn—are relates estabconscience. History he how

is in tor the that careful is book preparation first state Island,lished to the include Rhode oi to for help. The March you before months a made major ocmovement its in constitution.religious freedom But

curs, indicates alKof that is which to everything country's the Dimes answer recentlyhistory only to recognize has come is possible being to assure the done greatest qualities thatthe exceptional other were of the the urgent workers need to success our forces least armed the with his insistence there that Williams':Roger

life. possible in cost to dimso are doing much who state: clearcut division church ofbe a and the strikes a high While reporting book Infantilehis his of effects racial tolerance; tragic inish of the great concept

it is note, that, for than much more Ernie his peace; studiousness oflove which began is for at Pyle Paralysis. reporter provide once you and philosopher, When of special shorthand learningwith kind a

all, over and firm and in above a believer of future the children you these translation of Indian with aand words ended the of the power to common make maninto English. constructive conare a destiny making his in over own pattern—even this satisfactorily exdoes not But even that though pattern life. cut short his may to tribution future. Join America's the for thisplain the of absorption book, will This book us of make more aware forauthor, taking biograunusual an man this of the month! Dimes March the cost of freedom, increase and deterour

jobphy, of unusually has an done good mination to lasting a peace make canwhich all this live will for readmaking him who not again disrupted be the selfishness by of it is excitingwellwritten, Although book. falsely a few ambitious people. C. M, J. rereaders,written will for adults be young

it. forpaid reading C. J. M. RED METAL COPPER—THE

Is This Advertisement Metcalfe. Press, Viking (June M. New US UNIVERSETHE AROUND Gladly Contributed by 1944. pages. York. 104 $2.00.)

(Sir Jeans. Macmillan Company, James pictures of with copper mines Replete Edition. Fourth York.New in processes and mining from copper1944. pages. $3.75.) 297

all is this in the written over world, book this offer to so has book muchBecause that a also such not but only mining way scientist, the lay being not member, who, life its history in to perpages. come Nowill perspective stature gain through and picking will the son content be up book

it, I libertakingreading the precarious am it until has completely, he read he and when it all people. ofty to recommending Some

it it aside, will lays feeling leave he with a things will in the Saints Latterday book, this of respect for genuine great industry not the accept, other things are but which it. for the in and work men who far toconducive idealism growth so and

is ideal that family This book, an one the things that acoutweigh few cannot be read during aloud be can evewinter cozy thatcepted the deserves reading. wide book nings, and of the from each which member Saints disLatter-day learn to must be will interest family obtain of something andcriminating truth readers. has been Where in the reading. C. worth M. J. that thegiven ordinary of them run man

does not have, Latterday Saints must live PRAYER FOR A CHILD by that truth, thus dismissing things which (Rachel Field. Illustrated by Elizabeth

they know to be false and which in good Orton Jones. Macmillan Company,

time will be subject to revision by the authors New York. 1944. $1.50.)

themselves. Latterday Saints have lived Rachel Field has become a synonym for

to see the change in attitude concerning the something good—to both adult and

Word of Wisdom—and they will see other child. And through this combination of poet

changes, too. To condemn the good from {Concluded on page 42)

JANUARY, 1945

THE

l\euaiou5 rttltudes OF NOTED MEN

By LEON M. STRONG

ir Isaac Newton, noted English scientist (16421727), is reported to have said s I can take my telescope and look millions and millions of miles into space, but I can lay it aside and go into my room, shut the door, get down on my knees in earnest prayer, and see more of heaven and get closer to God than I can assisted by all the telescopes and material agencies on earth.

(From supplementary material for L.D.S.

Seminaries.)

Lord Kelvin, famous English natural philosopher (18241907), is reported to have said: Every discovery I have made that has contributed to the benefit of man, He (the

Lord) has given me in answer to prayer.

{ibid.)

Samuel F. B. Morse of telegraph

fame once said, as it is written: r Ou Many a time when I was making my experiments in my laboratory at the university

I would come to a standstill, not knowing what to do next. An obstacle would present

itself that seemed to be insurmountable. A Number One"Lab. mental fog would cloud my mind that would

not clear away. But during such times I

The FelsNaptha Plant maintains an imposing Research Laboratory, always locked my doors, knelt down, and equipped with the usual testing paraphernalia - prayedhelp invariablyfor lightcame,and (ibid.)help. And light and

and the usual staff of 'experts'.

The works of Henry W. Longfellow

Here, every day, FelsNaptha Soap goes on trial. When are replete with allusions to God and

works. Perhaps the following is one the experts, with their test tubes and charts, report his

best: of his

"up to FelsNaptha Standard', we know we haven't been bragging. ThereIn evenaresavagelongings,bosomsyearnings, strivings

not; the they good comprehend But our Number One 'Lab', is an ordinary home laundry. For

their feeble and helpless hands And

The 'staff'is the Lady of the House. Her equipment is Groping blindly in the darkness,

a washtub or washing machine and a bundle of soiled clothes. Touch God's right hand in that darkness

strengthened. up and And are lifted

When she puts FelsNaptha Soap on trial, of Hiawatha.") "Song (From

it has to be good—or else. From Francis Bacon:

There are millions of these 'Home Laboratories* A little philosophy inclineth man's mind to in the United States. According to voluntary reports, atheism, but depth in philosophy bring eth

they use FelsNaptha because, men'sported mindsin Familiarabout toQuotations,religion. {Bacon.John BartRe-

for practical daily purposes, they find lett.)

it's the best laundry soap Thomas Carlyle, eminent English on the market. writer, has said

We'd like to see FelsNaptha Soap theDidheartI notof believethings, thatmy lifean intelligenceon earth wouldis at tested in your laundry. And be intolerable. (Thomas Carlyle, Science

we'd also like to have your and the Scientific Mind, Laidlaw and

Gibbs.) 'Laboratory Report'.

And this from Plato, Greek philosopher:

To escape from evil we must be made, as far as possible, like God; and this rejust, andFELSNAPTHA SWbanishesTattleTale Gray"semblanceholy, and wise,consists(ibid.,in p.becoming221.)

8 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA mnp

Wanf.faarJ WINTER 4 <2-

is sleigh bells and wagon wheels creaking '.::;:.:. WINTER

Over the snow and the whistling and shrieking

Of iceneedled winds making lacyedged furrows

Over furred creatures asleep in their burrows.

Winter is skiing and skating and sleighing,

Corrals full of bleating and mooing and neighing;

'''::': Winter's an icicle sharp as a splinter,

Firelight and apples and popcorn—um-m—winter!

tograph by Harold M. Lambert

.

'YfrT

flpSfc* '-j-'Klf *M,m.& **&

.-:;.

>ij

In

'**.r

::: I'of the ikurck or /4e5n5 Lkridt

of <=yLatteraau Saintd

s the day nears, made holy by tradition as as in His wisdom shall seem best for the welfare of the anniversary of the birth of our Lord your souls.

and Savior Jesus Christ, we again give to for the men and women now in the all the Saints in whatever land they are, We pray our greetings, our blessings, and our love in the service of their country, in whatever land they fellowship of the gospel of Christ. May the Lord be serve, that they who are sinful may forsake their sins

with you always. and that all may come towalk in paths of righteousness so that all may have claim upon the blessings

all may so In this terrible hour of earthwide woe, misery, and mercies of the Lord. We pray that

and death, with their weight of sorrow and grief live that the comforting influence of His Spirit may that pour in upon the households of the people, we be their constant companion even in their darkest turn to the Lord as the source of the only true hours of dread and awful experiences, to buoy as they suffer in thesolace to aching hearts and weary souls. For He them up, to help them to know

is good and kind andsaid to men of all times, "Come unto me, all ye that depths born of evil, that God labor and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest."loving, and that mankind bring, even upon themselves, through their wickedness the cruel afflictions

This is an hour of prayer. that are poured out upon them.

ask our Heavenly Father to bless those of us Obedient to the occasion we especially send to We you mothers who have lost your sons, to you wives who are at home, who have our work to do to carry whose husbands have been killed, to you orphans on in this world cataclysm, and especially those of still fight in sons fathers mothers, whose the and slaughter of land us, whatever of theborn war—in

lines wives battle world, amongst the of the and the side loved whatever on and your departedyou live fight in their alongside sons those husbands whose our us sorrow of sympathy andones fought—the

sacrifice, children and hardship and the danger andhearts, Father Heavenly pray our and we humbly so heavy,to send you comfort and an early surcease of your over whom the threat of orphanage hangs to bless all and each ofgrief. With deep feelings of compassion we utter—we humbly pray Him

a like prayer to Him that He will sustain and them that in the dayby-day dread that is always ill news shall come, they may feelenhearten you who are crippled and maimed, that with them lest

He will close and make whole the wounds of you near to riim, feel the tenderness of His mercy, and who are hurt, that He will heal you who are sorely the warmth of His love.

racked with pain and disease. We pray our HeavSo we pray our Heavenly Father to bind us His

enly Father to send to each and all of you, whoever people, even as one, by the holy bonds of the gospel, and wherever you are, you who mourn and you that so united we may work for the establishment who are plagued with affliction, the healing influof righteousness in the earth. We ask Him to teach

ences of His Spirit, to bestow upon you richly of us the way quickly to spread the truth among the

His love and His mercy, that you may be made peoples of the world that the love of Christ may fill every whit whole in mind and body and spirit, even their hearts and rule their lives. We pray Him to

10 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

PRESIDENT PRESIDENT PRESIDENT

J. REUBEN CLARK, JR. HEBER J. GRANT DAVID O. McKAY

make them to understand that to know Him and restored gospel that all men may know and underJesus Christ whom He didst send is life eternal, to stand that He is our Father, that Jesus, His only cause them to receive the word and blessing of His Begotten, is the Redeemer of the World, the First

Son: Fruits of the Resurrection, that by his atonement

every one born on earth is redeemed from the fall "Peace I leave with you, my peace I give unto of Adam, and that every child of God "may be you: not as the world giveth, give I unto you. Let saved, by obedience to the laws and ordinances of

not your heart be troubled, neither let it be afraid."the Gospel."

We beseech Him to plant in the hearts of the We humbly pray Him to speed the accomplishnations and of the leaders of nations, those sancment of His purposes, that this Sataninspired tifying truths uttered by the Master on the Mount slaughter of His children, innocent of the bringing on of this conflict, may cease, that the plans of the Ye have heard that it hath been said, Thou shalt love thy neighbor, and hate thine enemy. wicked shall come to naught, that Satan may soon

But I say unto you, Love your enemies, bless them that be bound, and that "righteousness shall fill the curse you, do good to them that hate you, and pray for them earth, even as the waters cover the mighty deep."

which despitefully use you, and persecute you;

That ye may be the children of your Father which is in Aware of the weaknesses of the flesh and the heaven: for he maketh his sun to rise on the evil and on the proneness to waywardness of His children, knowgood, and sendeth rain on the just and on the unjust. ing our helplessness as we stand before Him save He

For if ye love them which love you, what reward have ye? shall guard and protect us as held in the hollow of

do not even the publicans the same? His hand, we ask all these blessings in deep humility

And if ye salute your brethren only, what do ye more than and we petition for His mercy and His love, in the others? do not even the publicans so? name of His Beloved Son Jesus Christ, in whose

therefore Be ye perfect, even as your Father which is in name we are taught always to pray.

is perfect.heaven

We pray our Heavenly Father to send peace, that this wicked and vain slaughter of His children, one by the other, may cease; that hate may leave the

hearts of men, and that greed and avarice and ambition and lust for power and dominion by one over the other, may no longer abide amongst His children. We ask our Father in Heaven to bring all to

understand the brotherhood of man and to seek to make it real, to fill all men with charity, forbearjQa*n<W.7lVf<4>vance, mercy, and love.

We pray Him to help us His people to spread the First Presidency

JANUARY, 1945 11 "Mold the Iamb Midi Taketh ofM and Jesus Christ the Redeemer of the world, that testimony must come to every child of

God, for it is written that "every knee shall bow and every tongue confess that Jesus is the Christ."

Our friendsJesus, returningof the air:from his forty Adamall be madeall die,alive."'even so in Christ shall

days in the wilderness, came into These testimonies all hold but one the midst of the multitude gathered tolanguage,—that Jesus Christ is the

gether at Bethabara to hear John and Redeemer of the world, and that testireceive of his baptism, 'whereupon John mony must come to every child of God, proclaimed: "Behold the Lamb of God, for it is written that "every knee shall

sin of tongue the taketh and the bow, everywhich away 8 confess that

Christ."theworld."Jesus is Jesus came next day The

again, and John bore further witness, this time regarding the manifestation of HPomorrow is the anniversary of the the Holy Ghost at the baptism of Jesus, day that Christian tradition has saying: I saw, "And

this isthat of God."the Son and bare1 record thisfixedLambas theof dayGod,ofsotheforeordainedbirth of Jesus,beSo solemnly testified John to the fore the foundations of the world to

Jewish world and to all men born on atone for the Fall of Adam.

earth in whatever time; and in this testiBut the birth of the Atoning Sacrifice,

mony is bound up the basic truths of the Lamb of God, had also been foretold

Christian faith and knowledge,—the by the ancient prophets of Israel. Isaiah

identity of Jesus as the Messiah, the declared: "... Behold, a virgin shall conPRESIDENT J. REUBEN CLARK, JR.

fall of Adam, and the atonement for ceive, and bear a son, and shall call his

Jn these days when antichrists are abroad, just as Jesus foretold nearly two thousand years ago, denying Jesus, his Sonship and Messiahship, belittling things of the Spirit and magnifying all the pleasures of the flesh, it is fitting that we who accept the gospel of Christ should declare our testimonies of the truth, for as he said: ff... ye shall know the truth, and the truth

shall make you free"

Adam's fall by Jesus the Christ, the name Immanuel..."7 which being intertold in graphic detail of the agony on

"is, Christ's cross of desthe with preted,"Begotten Father. the even to almost saysOnly Matthew, God

outcry, pairing beas not alone in this exact forsaken Psalmist sang But all had of him when John was us."8 The

testimony 1* God, why hastGod, the Redeemer—andof Christ as theI shallLambtell myof gottenof his goodnessof the Father,*and mercyand spokeand rightalso thouhim: forsaken"My God,me?"my

in mostly forstory the recorded today of the eousness, his care poor the Father, soulslanguage of Jesus the save he needy would and10; comeWhento earththe hourandwastakeneara mortalfor Jesusbody,to whose of God

the Christ, and of God's servants and the Psalmist boasted of the Messiah's an angel told Mary she should bear a prophets. strength and power, of his justice and son 1*; and to Joseph the husband of

Years after the baptism, John, the judgment, and declared that through him Mary he revealed that the son should

Revelator, was to speak, under divine the throne of David should endure forsave his people from their sins. 1* The

"..inspiration, of the

of the foundationthe world". Lamb2; slainand Peterfrom ever he repeated a supplication of unborn John bore witness to the presdeclared we are redeemed "with the

Christ, of a asprecious lamb blood of declare that man may in himself overcome: spotwithout blemish without and who \Ve

living the spiritual death and observing by soverily the before foreordained was of the world."8foundation ultimateWhile Job that the commandments he may of God

friends his to hecklingcried out in an ly again stand and live in the presence of God. triumph: joyecstasy of and "... I know

that my redeemer liveth, and that he latter at theshall stand upon day the to the the ence of Father"Deity and proclaimed Lord when Mary visited: 17 skin afterearth worms And though my priest the a of Melchizedek hemisphere Jesus Lord who Elizabeth. On this

destroy this body, yet in my flesh shall should judge among the heathen"; he himself foretold his birth as of the next

I see God."* Paul, addressing the day.M In Palestine, an angel announced

Corinthians in that great sermon on the B I Cor, 15:2122 the birth to the shepherds tending their

6Isaiah 45:23; Rom. 14:11; Phil. 2:1011; Mosiahresurrection, declared: since "For by the hills, while of a multitude flocks on 27:31; D. & C. 88:104 also the came came death, by manman TIsaiah caroled, voices 7:14 heavenly "Glory to God

resurrection of the dead. For as in 8Matt. 1:23

9Ps. 2 "See Ps. 22

ijohn 1:29, 34 ioSee Ps. 72 *5See Luke 1:2638

sRev. 13:8 uSee Ps. 89 "See Matt. 1:1825

*I Peter 1:1920 See Ps. 102 "See Luke 1:3956

*Job 19:2526 13See Ps. 110 See III Nephi 1:4-14

12 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ikiau the Sin of the World"

"\A7e i/o //o/ */w;y is resurrection; By PRESIDENT J. REUBEN CLARK, JR.

we proclaim it, in its most literal Of the First Presidency sense. We declare that Christ took Delivered over KSL and the Columbia Church of the Air, from

up the very body he laid down. the Salt Lake Tabernacle, Sunday morning,'

December 24, 1944, at 11 a.m., M.W.T.

in the highest, and on earth peace, good will star appeared men."1* His toward

fulfilled in heavens. the was 20 Then the given to Jesus, the carpenter of Nazaout, saying: "... Take these things

the scriptures; Isaiah: us great of unto reth, by make we accept it hence: prophecy "For not my Father's27 house an

cavil is or reservation. without house of merchandise."given: is born, us a son unto a child

and the government shall be upon his We cherish in our hearts the witness We rejoice in the contemplation of shoulder: and his name shall be called which God himself has borne of his the words of Christ's great sermon to

Wonderful, Counsellor, The mighty Son. Nicodemus, a "ruler of the Jews"who

everlasting God, Father, The The to him timidly came by nightfall: "For recall Jesus up came that when 21 We Prince of Peace."loved so the world, God gave that he bapthe water, out of had after John

So was the birth of the Lamb of God tized him "to fulfil all righteousness,"his only begotten Son, that whosoever foretold long before and chronicled and the Holy Ghost descended upon him, believeth in him should not perish, but witnessed at the time. and God the Father's voice came from have everlasting life. For God sent not

Who this person is who came to the heavens, declaring: "... This is his Son into the world to condemn the

is heavens, the heralded earth thus by that world; but through him in well beloved I am whom my

24 prein told to us the mighty by St. John might saved"be 28the; andworldlikewise that the we have pleased."acknowledge WeSon,

his face to gospel: see salvation joy in his and great decthe came voice message same and same

"... laration to the of Samaria: woman Peter, comas Jesus and John, James, the the to In the and beginning was Word,

thee I that speak the Christ.** unto am"Elias time at the and with Moses muned the and was with God, was Word Word 23

God. of the Transfiguration. We declare We do not forget that while at the

Feast of the Tabernacle, he solemnly testified to those about him in the temXSJe do not deny the miraculous in Christ's life; ple: "... Ye are from beneath; I am

we accept it as the most natural manifestanotfromofabove:this world.ye are...of thisI speakworld;toI theam

tion of the power and authority of the Son of world those things which I have heard

God, whether the miracles be of healings or those of him.... When ye have lifted up the

somethnes called "nature miracles"which to us Son of man, then shall ye know that I am he, and that I do nothing of myself;

testify directly of his creative power. but as hath Father taught me, I my

these things"speak; nor do we forget

that later in Jerusalem as he taught the with in the beginning God. that the was voice message same same and The same of the parable Shepherd, he again Good withhim; and things were All by made in dispensation, to the came, our boy testified: "Therefore Father doth my that thing not was any out made was him in the woods. praying Prophet Joseph I life, love because lay me, down. my.. made.

ever fervor equal keep I With we it that again. might take man the in world, No the world and was was He

of testimonies in the present our minds it it taketh I lay me, from but him, him the world and knew down made by not.... Jesus himself about himself. of myself. I have power to lay it

and dwelt made flesh, I was it Word And the that in the temto take have power down, and when remember We his glory, us, (and among we beheld I reThis at twelve, the ple to and again. his mother he said have commandment

only glory of the as begotten22 of the Father,) truth. and grace full of

And in the prayer of the Great High

Priest, Jesus himself besought the Fa- 'J'o the millions of the humble and honest in glorify Father, ther: now, "And O the heart who are discouraged, weary, grief thine self with with own thou me

glory which 23I had with thee before the stricken, despairing, and who would see Jesus, world was."and who, seeing him, would know him, we repeat

HThus Jesus is the Christ, the Only the tvords spoken by Jesus to this generation.

Begotten of the Father, the Creator of the World and all it contains, the

Redeemer of its people, the children of Joseph, who had sought for him three ceived of my Father."31 Likewise it is

God, all of them, the Word that is God. days: "How is it that ye sought me? in our memories that at the time of his

arrest, rejoice in these that I Peter, as he bade witwist ye not would who who we Nor do 26 must be about my force, their to testimonies used have business?"and who put up Father's his sword, nesses and

I the said: of testimony that "Thinkest thou canwith a pure are blessed first Jesus that not forget he when We do one of Christ, pray give up gospel shall of the truth he and not now to my Father, the the of temple cleansed money

hairsbreadth of that full divine stature changers and those selling therein oxen (Continued on page 52) >Luke 2:8-20 and sheep and doves, he drove them '"John 2:16

2<>Matt. 2:1-12; III Nephi 1:2122 John 3:1617

a Isaiah 9:6-7 2lMatt. 3:17; Mark 1:11; Luke 3:22 ""John 4:26

8:23, 26, 28 1:1-3, 10, 14 Matt. 17:5; Mark 9:7; Luke 9:35 "John 22John

sijohn 10:1718 26Luke 2:49 aijohn 17:5

JANUARY, 1945 13

The froplirt Joseph Smith

TTu's address was presented Sunday, me to come to jail with you—and do you By PRESIDENT

December 10, 1944, at the Logan think I would forsake you now? But I will L.D.S. Institute at special services tell you what I will do; if you are conDAVID O. McKAY

I will for treason, to be hung the birth o/ the demned commemorating be Of the First Presidency free. shall stead, go in and you your hung Prophet Joseph Smith the Church.) History 616, of 6, page (Vol.

There is something great about a man who can so impress other able, sincere him to die with are ready that they the men 23, 1944, will markDecember so it will the Savior, with for him. As or anniverthirty-ninth one hundred

sary of the birth of the Prophet be with Joseph Smith, God's chosen

Joseph Smith. I commend the faculty servant—he will grow in greatness and

of the Logan Institute for having honor as the centuries pass.

planned to hold a special annual comHowever, it is of Joseph Smith not memorative of this great man. It is highonly as a great man, but as an inspired

There is something great about a man who can so impress other able, sincere men that they are ready to die with him or for him.

ly fitting that they do this. In the ultimate servant of the Lord that I desire to

analysis the Logan Institute itself, as speak on this occasion. Indeed, Joseph

other Church schools, owes its very Smith's greatness consists in divine inexistence to the revelations given to spiration.

Joseph Smith. Furthermore, such a service is fitting, because all are profited by As Evidenced in Harmony of

the contemplation of true greatness, Teachings With Those especially when that greatness is the of Jesus result of inspiration from the Lord. (""'harles A. Ellwood, author of

Carlyle has aptly said PRESIDENT DAVID O. McKAY Man's Social Destiny, printed in

Great men taken up in any way are profit1929, wrote that—

however that look tion. this asserts that cannot Power He company.able We... future be cannot of the religion the gainwithout great for man a truth, for for and beauty uponimperfectly makes must, Christianity, historical but based upon living is the him. He by something is lessing than we. personal not goodness back in misunderstanding, go to avoid order pleasant is it and good whichlightfountain Continues Dinsmore: Dr. in as recorded Christ to of teachings the enlightens, light which near. The beto gospel. the is justified faith leap of because This God the of darkness the enlightened haswhich his the of less greatest works, than cannot be only, lamp kindled hundred as a one the this Prophet not Said Joseph andworld; Effect. to the the adequate be Cause must shining by luminary natural a as rather previously: yearsbut call personal, therefore, we When, God we lightfountain flowing a heaven; of giftthe loftiest interpreted the symbol him have by organized Christ of Jesus was Church The of maninsight, original native, I of say,as infinitely canmore. have. be the of in the order Church He we may with accordance He radiin whose nobleness; heroic andhood Spirit, less. call not a be in we the God Testament. we as recorded When New them. is it with well that feel all soulsance at the clearest lens to the look have use we

incritically can study and Nobody said: Infinite. well has Spencer Herbert As "light- a such just was Smith telligently Joseph restored gospel the Jesus of is personal a choice not between God "The to ability have men Greatfountain."being impressed deeply without Christ personlower, a but something between and

disthings. They of heart the intosee higher."al teachings with something the and the of with harmony God

cern truth. "They change the currents

of men's thoughts, and set a new fashion them round gather world. thein Men

where out point they On these three fundamentals of religion, there them, criticizeand fall short, and show how the thing could can be little or no doubt about the harmony in some better done beenhave teachings the other of forgotare die critics and the butway;

those the Savior—theof the RestoredDoctrine Churchof God;withhis forever."of lives on great the manten, and

There were those who hated Jesus Doctrine of Sin and Salvation; and the Doctrine

the shores on as a man He walkedwhen others who of Immortality. were and there Galilee,of

felt as Thomas did when he said: "Let

us go and die with him."those given by the Lord and Savior Joseph Smith's doctrine that Jesus

those who there were Likewise, is earth the only with Christ the Begotten of FaHimself was on the when He at and scoffed Smith Josephscorned is identifor ther, the disciples. example, of the world, Consider, Savior his His

teachings when he declared that he had the Prophet's revelation concerning the cal with the teachings of Jesus Himself

Lord. the from a revelationreceived intelligent Being, apostles. His as and an

him loved others who wereThere also taught, is his doctrine of the persistFa- So Jesus "Our and Creator—Godone who is, as

felt as Willard Richards: ther in heaven."Applying the words of ence of personality after death.

Brother Joseph, you did not ask me to a distinguished writer (Charles A. On these three fundamentals of relittle there Smith ligion, of can be or Yale), no doubt Joseph Dinsmore ask did not river thecross you—you affirmaask did not the of about the teachings of bold and glorious harmony to makes one comeme to withCarthage—you

14 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

#n Doctrine and Organization

Joseph, the seer, grasping the eternal nature of Not so with the Prophet Joseph

Smith! The advocates of infant baplove as the divinest attribute of the Jouman soul, tism taught regarding little children

as an everlasting attribute of the spirit, revealed Infants who come into the world are not the eternity of the marriage covenant, a doctrine only destitute of knowledge, righteousness, so beautiful, so logical, so farreaching in its sigand holiness, but have a natural inclination to evil and only evil.

nificance that if it were adopted in its entirety, referring Burns, to people poet The many of the present evils of society might be are mentions in Hades, span "Twa'who abolished. lang unchristened bairns,"and even to

this day six denominations baptize infants. Boldly and fearlessly, and speakthe Restored Church with those of the Prophet Joseph Smith emphatically deing as one having assurance that he is

Savior—the doctrine of God; His docnounced the doctrines as false and said right, the Prophet Joseph said: "Little

trine sin and, salvation; the of and docsanctified children holy are are and is every given inherent an To man power trine immortality. of the Christ."of atonement Jesus to right to or In this do do wrong. has through he

is in the found harmony same The in that Presbyterian In 1902, Assame free agency. right the choose may He

principles teachings other of of obtain salvation, referred, the hisand to the I before which or evil sembly choose he may gospel such as faith, repentance, bapand merit abomination, but one man is not Creed was revised to read: "All who

tism, laying on of hands for the gift of predestined to do evil and another predie in infancy are chosen of God and the Holy Ghost, ordination to the destined to do good. saved through his Spirit."And Henry

priesthood, his teachings "knowlon that, said commenting Dyke, upon Van It is interesting to note that seventy godliness, temperance, edge, brotherly all believe Presbyterians today "The after years that Smith Joseph made etc. kindness, charity,"in die infancy are saved by Jesus who statement, the Presbyterians in general

Predestination assembly on May 22, 1 902, by a vote of Christ.

six hundred to two, adopted the unani

Tt is evidence of greatness when a man mous report of a revision committee Universal Salvation ( Baptism "chooses the right with invincible reswhich had been at work on the subject for the Dead) olution"; it is evidence of inspiration two years. This is what they say: "The Prophet's penetrating insight into

authoritatively queshe decides when "truth eternal is seen also and justice this Following broad statement are two tions that misunderstood have been his in salfirst teaching for overtures, regarding universal the disclaims doctrine any ages by leading thinkers and theologians of predestination and asserts clearly that vation.

of the world. One such teaching was the God loves all mankind and does not rejoice "Except a man be born of the water

of predestination. Said the in problem the death of that any sinner and no man into enter of the spirit, he cannot and

except is condemned basis of his on the Confession Westminster own the kingdom Jesus of God."So spake

sin.

Election to eternal life is not founded on to Nicodemus; and to His apostles He

foresight of faith and obedience, but it is a Henry Van Dyke said in 1902: said

of acact sovereign whereby God's mercy The Presbyterian not today Church into all the does the world, preach ye and... go

will the to of cording counsel some his own believe are created to that some men to that creature. believeth be gospel every He

angels predestinated are to evermen and lasting life and others foreordained to everlasting death.

analysis thus predestinated angels organization the the men, and These of of P careful particularly are foreordained, and unand the that all the Church reveals it imposes fact is their designed; changeably and number

so certain and definite that it cannot be strength of a strong central government, and either increased or diminished.

that are predestinated every virtue and necessary safeguard of a democof mankind Those unto life, God, before the foundation of the racy.

world was laid, according to his eternal and immutable purpose, and the secret counsel and good pleasure of his will, hath chosen saved and others to be damned, and to guard and is baptized shall be saved; but he that

Christ unto everlasting glory, out of his against misapprehension on the subject, I believeth not shall be damned. (Mark 16:.

mere free grace and love, without any forewish to say unmistakably that God has not 15, 16.)

sight of faith or good works, or perseverput any barrier between any human soul's ance in either of them, or any other thing in salvation. Accepting these statements as true,

the as conditions, or creature causes moving zealous, as they are, but misguided Infant Baptism the of his praise thereunto; him and all to Christians have to eternal condemned grace. glorious days of Cince the Luther, infant bapall punishment have died without who

* tism has been another moot quesconfessing belief in Christ, or having This doctrine is satirized by Robert

Burns in these words: tion. Justification by faith only, as been buried with him in baptism.

taught the early reformers, by would illustrate student, Chinese To A in that dwell, doth the Heavens Thou logically to lead rejection infant O of a returning his to:homeland, having gradit thysel, as pleases best Wha, baptism. at the beginhimself Zwingli uated from leading colleges, one of our

to an'ten to Hell ane Sends Heaven his ning of career as a reformer doubted in conversation was with Christian a for glory, thy A'efficacy the infant of baptism, note but minister, also route en to China. When for no'onie or ill guid And

this: extravagances of the "The this Anaminister truth the urged that only thee! before done They've

baptists at Zurich confirmed him in acthrough acceptance of Christ's teachLuther, Melanchthon, Zwingli, John cepting the principle of infant baptism. ings can any man be saved, the intelli

Knox, have all debated this question, His judgment led him to reject it, but the gent Chinese said: "Then what about

and Protestant churches from their day "extravagances"of the people made my ancestors who never had an opporto this have wavered concerning it. The him yield and he accepted it. {Continued on page 45)

JANUARY, 1945 '- '15

WIFE A MORMON

Jke oLiw J>tom

they could have stood the grind had it not been for the frequent encouragement that traveled across "Provo &

Bench"in their father's wagon in the shape of good things to eat prepared by MARY GRANT their loving mother. And week ends

father, their often they with went home JUDD it terribly as cold they although was rode across the "bench."DAUGHTER OF PRESIDENT

"We always had to get out and walk HEBER J. AND AUGUSTA WINTERS

up the sand hills and oh, the piercing GRANT cold winds from Provo Canyon as we traveled across this bleak ten miles.

And Father—how many, many times

he traveled this hard, cold way that was the case with "Joe"who, rejected winter, driving his team with hands by Augusta, proffered his hand and nearly frozen to bring us supplies of heart to Delia.

AUGUSTA WINTERS GRANT AS SHE APPEARED rosy apples and Mother's homecooked The second proposal happened under AT ABOUT EIGHTEEN YEARS OF AGE goodies—mince pies, doughnuts, bread, the old apple tree at the garden gate,

roasts, chickens, etc. How our parand while it was in progress the youngIII ents had to sacrifice for their children er sisters listened shamelessly in their

to get an education! little room under the eaves where they

Augusta Goes Away to School "About Provo Bench Father used to were preparing for bed. "When Delia

say, 'You will see the day when the said, 'This is so sudden,'or something

Augusta had taken advanwhole of this bench will be settled with to that effect, he asked, 'What do youWhentage of all the educational houses, orchards, and gardens in one think I've been coming up here so opportunities her home town continuous stretch along the whole promptly for, every Sunday evening?*

afforded, her greatest ambition was to way.'He often prophesied in this way, Poor Joe! Two refusals from one famigo away to school. "In this my parents and then at the seeming absurdity of it ly were calculated to take away some of

encouraged me, although the townsfolk he would say with a laugh, 'Do you behis conceit. Who was it said, 'Conceit

dubiously shook their heads and prophlieve it? I don't.'For we could hardly—the greatest gift of God to little men'?

esied that 'Oscar Winters was going to imagine such a transformation when Joe was little, and he was conceited."

spoil that girl.''She went with her there wasn't a single house along the There was one particular admirer of

older sister, Delia, to Provo to attend way."the sisters who planned his campaign

whatsity—forerunnerwas then the ofTimpanogosBrigham UniverYoung TimpanogosThe day followingUniversity,her arrivalAugustaat therebyhavekeepingunderstoodthemfeminineguessing.curiosity,He mustfor

University. Although her parents alcorded in her journal: "I shall endeavor Augusta questioned her diary: "Which

ways encouraged her in her ambition, to improve every moment,"and later, "I one does he come to see, Delia, Susie, they had no ready money to pay for her am getting along fine with my lessons or me?"Perhaps if he had been more

education, so Augusta would go to and like to study."Still there were intriguing, she might have tried to find

school one year and teach the next, savmany times when all thought of lessons the answer; but he seems to have been

ing the greater part of the money earned was thrown to the wind. This is amply somewhat dull; so leaving him to the

to help pay her tuition. proved by such entries as this: "We mercy of her sisters, she left him sitting

It was at this time when she was sixwent to a party, danced till four a.m."stiffly in the parlor and went to bed.

teen that Augusta commenced writing (And this, by the way, is a story she In the spring, the sisters returned to her journal; and of the place in which didn't repeat to her granddaughters. Pleasant Grove, enthusiastic over atthey lived while in Provo, she records In those days a girl was not thought tending school away from home and

"The room we sleep in is rather open popular unless she had numerous proimbued with the idea of a second year no fire in the room ever. We can see the posals. Mother received her first offer at Timpanogos University.

stars shining through an open place in of marriage when she was only sevenBut it was found to be out of the questhe roof. We take a bath with the temteen (which was considered a marriagetion. The eighth child that frail little

perature about down to zero. In the sitable age in those days) but was too MaryAnn Winters brought into the

ting room it is more cozy. We are very bashful to record it in her diary. The world was about to make its appearcomfortable here, although we have to young man, not dreaming of a refusal, ance. In September a sweet baby girl,

chop our own wood, but that is good told her to take all the time she wanted HelenMar, joined the household. Her

exercise for us and keeps us from havto make up her mind. "But,"she says, brother, Arthur Ray, but two years

spirit, in older to fill the place one with have had come "I didn't need any time to emptying little his after nights heart four that question."decide years mother'sstickdyspepsia—probably.that we have choppedWe on

and mornings for a week, but failing to From others I have heard that as a Nathan had been laid to rest under the make much impression on it concluded young woman, my mother had the unapple tree in the "back lot."

to bring it in and burn it off. It makes usual combination of an olive comLittle HelenMar, being Delia's jun-

a cheerful fire."They rented the room plexion, dark brown hair and bluegray ior by nineteen years and Augusta's by

from friends and paid for it in produce eyes with black lashes. These "Winters'seventeen, came to hold in the hearts of

supplied by their father. eyes,"noted for their loveliness, were the older girls a place more nearly reIn order to get their own breakfast, shared by her sisters, and many a swain sembling that of a daughter than that of

do household tasks, and get off in time fell a prey to their fascination. Refused a sister.

for school, it was necessary for the girls by one sister, a beau could easily transMary-Ann depended more and more to arise at 5:30 a.m. It is doubtful if fer his affections to another, and this upon her capable daughter Delia, who,

16 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

of Augusta Winters Grant

with the able supervision of Grandme over a year before in Provo and I mother Pratt, now assumed many of the wore it the whole time, and when it befamily duties. Delia developed into a gan to wear out in the front I bought

splendid cook and, even at that early some calico and made an apron to wear day, evinced those tendencies which, in over it to finish out the ten weeks, and later life, enabled her to carry through then I went home."

to complete success numerous projects Perhaps her struggle to go to school vited my chum, Nina Farr, who lived on of a business nature. She became an has something to do with her appreciathe other side of the block. But do you

outstanding woman among her sex, and tion of it and is one reason why she rethink I would ask my cousin, Thone, in many of her ideas was far ahead of membered so much that she learned. who lived just across the street, though

her time. Her undertakings, because of At any rate, whenever her family want he often took me to parties, and I am

the benefits they brought to numerous to know the correct spelling of a word sure would have been delighted to esother women, were in the final result or its exact meaning, they don't look in cort us? I couldn't think of it; that would

philanthropic. the dictionary; they just "ask Mother."have been too forward; so the third

But Augusta was not found wanting She, however, gives credit to the methticket had to be wasted."

either. When the elder sister went to ods of early days which, in her opinion, Having pioneered the way, and

Salt Lake to conference, Augusta rewere more thorough and "seemed to proved that it could be done, Augusta cords that she cooked and served to produce better students than our present had little trouble the following winter the threshers the first meal she had presystem that turns out college graduates in persuading her parents to allow her pared all by herself. They praised her who can't spell 'raisin'or 'separate'!"two sisters, Delia and Susie, to come to

cake and biscuits which was highly elatAugusta was delighted beyond measSalt Lake with her, where all three were ing to the young cook. ure with her new environment, and soon happily ensconced in the George

And happiness supreme! When Delia wrote: "I love to go to school."There Q. Cannon home where Augusta had

returned from Salt Lake, she brought were opportunities to be enjoyed in Salt stayed the preceding winter. President

with her a new organ which she and Lake that Provo could not have afCannon's niece from St. George, Anna

Augusta paid for at the rate of ten forded her. Entries such as these were Maria Woodbury, was also there. "I

dollars a month. This was the first ornot uncommon in the diary: "Three fear,"says my mother referring to that

gan in town and for a long time the seats for the theater every Monday time, "that Aunt Martha's patience must only one. When "Uncle Moroni"came night. Saw John McCullough Sawtelle, have been tried many times, for we

down at Christmas time, he taught Miss A. Adams (mother of the famous were lively girls."

Augusta how to play it, and with this Maude). Saw Romeo and Juliet; also There seemed to be nothing in reason

slight preparation, and what she picked The Gladiator and many other plays. chat the girls weren't willing to do in

up herself, she soon became the music The seats come to Mrs. Cannon order to keep on with their schooling.

teacher of the town. through The Deseret News, her hus- ( Concluded on page 34

When my mother was eighteen years band being the editor of it, and she beold, her father sold a yoke of oxen and ing unable to go out this winter, gives LEFT TO RIGHT, FRONT ROW: DELIA WINELIZA TERS, PAULINA BROWN. ALEXHELEN to me."in them to invest child ten dollars each gave

LARSON, BACK AND LAURA ROW: in store Pleasant cooperative When the new LARSON, SUSIE WINTERS, asked who went with her on ANDER,EMMA AUGUSTA

Grove, and this when ready money was these occasions, Mother replied, "I inWINTERS,LARSON. SUSAN BROWN; SEATED: ANNIE

almost as scarce as the proverbial "hen's teeth."Thus the young people, besides

being impressed by the generosity of their father, were inspired by his confidence in them and learned something of the handling of money. But let my

mother tell the story:

"The stock advanced quite rapidly and with the new year, I begged to be allowed to take my share out, now amounting to $17.50, and go to school

for one term at the Deseret University (as it was then called), in Salt Lake

City. My parents made no objection

though they could not afford to give me any more money at that time. There

were six of us children in the family by then, and I was not the oldest. So I

started off with my seventeen dollars and fifty cents. And this is how I spent

it: "For tuition, six dollars, my course including every subject I was advanced enough to take at that time; books, six

fifty; I paid my tithing then and always

thereafler, so I was left with not quite five dollars for incidentals.

"I had only one dress, a red and black plaid flannel that Delia had made for

JANUARY, 1945 MAN'S ETERNAL m a men die, shall they cease to live?"be traced the belief in

If Since the beginning of human his- "crossing the water of tory this question has been asked death to the next and written about. As to the sources world."One of the

which treat of this question there is a earliest beliefs was that vast reservoir of wisdom which took of the soul wandering shape with the advent of man upon the about the cemetery earth. From the historical point of seeking food, and

view, we have no documents whatever "down to late times if we go back a greater distance than there are figures of the five or six thousand years, and no one goddess in the sycacan tell, says Maeterlinck, the Belgian more trees giving food historian, how the ancient religions and drink to the souls were founded. "When we become of the departed. This

aware of them, we find them already was not only a symbol complete in their broad outlines and of spiritual sustenance, principles."Not only are they combut actual offerings of

plete, but the farther back we go, the food were made at the more perfect they are, the more ungrave...."Egypt risadulterated, the more closely related to ing to its height of civthe loftiest speculations of our modern ilization, had what is

Steiner,times. Rudolph.-1 OsirisI a...... GermanJ 111aiLliic known asJ—the.luiuiai,L,-.1. wuaun,-,.we; icuu sap rn Uj.tiiaL *.U

Vedas, the Hindu scriptures, gives us the "Book of the only a faint idea of the sublime doctrines Dead."When the deof the ancient teachers, and even these ceased appeared before

are not in their original form. It seems the god Osiris, he was

that the more ancient the texts, the supposed to recite a purer, and the more aweinspiring are "Negative"confession.

the doctrines which they reveal. The This confession is

texts which we possess are the sacred found in thousands of books of India which corroborate in tombs, for the confesMl. SINAI

toiled In the land where Moses Israelites. Plain of the to saveteachings Persia. those deposited with sion was and of Egypt

from the summit of of the Law. the Mount the its Assemblage these for world, documents mummyTo the western

have become known only within the guidance to the other—Photographs, Underwood 6 Underwood

past century. world. All phrases beIt is certain that no religion, whether gin with the negative "not."a guide and inspiration of conduct."It

it theory has be of or human the God divine standard was could which

I have not done injury to men. unless the thought of mankindswayed give in this foothold unstable men

it has discussed the "immortality of the I have not depressed those beneath me. world. Men were to find their relationsoul."All are agreed that the spirit I have not known vanity. ship to their Creator, which was an

survives after death. It is quite natural I have not been a doer of mischief. eternal tie here and hereafter. Men

that life in the hereafter is differently I have not done what the gods abominate. who committed themselves to the divine

interpreted as to conditions, yet death I have not caused hunger. standards of God became his instrufor existence, not ourdoes end man to his give ments prophetic messages I not have caused weeping.

lives eternally. of conviction imThe to the world. standards they The

I not have diminished the offerings to the is unimortality has been always and their maintained of not were creaown gods.

isversal. the to "entrance a tion, Death divine, but since were exthey

higher life."I have not done injustice. pressed God's mind for the world, and

stolen. not have immutable. were message This was the Egyptian Conceptions of I of Isaiah. I to his The individual came lazy. have not been Immortality

I have not been impure. own through prophetic thought. Com4irT'o the Egyptian,"says Sir Flinders munity of conviction grew up and this

Petrie of the University of LonThe dominant belief of the Egyptian, conviction b@und men into a brotherdon, "immortality was an axiom of from the beginning was that of the imhood to serve the divine ends. To such

life."In the earliest graves there is promortality of the soul, and future happicommunities, God would give the vicvision for the future life. The Egyptian ness in company with the gods for all, tory. Many students of the Old Testalooked on death as the going forth "into except the positively wicked. ment tell us that faith in immortality

a garden after illness, or returning to made its way among the men only who the house of God after captivity."He The Hebrew Conception of were religiously inclined, and it is

recognized the illumination or intelliImmortality true that many of the parties that grew gence that enlightened him, and the up in Jerusalem, long before Christ was many tombs found in the Nile valley he Hebrew concept of immortality born, were not interested in the question are the burial places of the body for the was based on its faith in God or at all. A new order was to appear in

preservation of which the tombs were Jehovah who had a purpose in all his the earth, because God brought the built. In the long ages of the history of creation, and who revealed his will to world, as well as man, into being to

Egypt, it was natural that different inhis children that they might live by it. manifest His will. "The fulness of the

terpretations of death and the hereafter It was the prophets who taught the whole earth was God's glory. It, like

were prevalent, just as they are today Word of God, and from the earliest man, had been turned aside from its among peoples who inhabit a given days they were the religious teachers, true end through the moral confusion counfety. There were rituals for the "Devout men, who held firmly to a which reigned in it. But in the day,

dead, and far back in their history, can faith in God who revealed his will as when God revealed himself, it should 18 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Resurrection.... I give unto men eternal life.... Come unto me and I will

give you rest.... Because I live, ye

shall also live.... He that followethIMMORTALITY me shall have the light of life."Thus

he declared his mission to the world. It

was to give life, and life eternal. Man

5u irediaent oLei/l (L*aaar l/ltlotAfta liveis to foreverhave a newmore giftwithof hislife. affections,He is to

OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY his virtues, his accomplishments, his earnings, all that is good. In these

words and in his prayer: "Thy kingdom come, Thy will be done,"he gave

all return to the order which was eter- "Rabbi,"he said, "we know that thou us for all time teachings concerning nal, because it was that which was in art a teacher come from God."(He immortality. The Christian immortality

God's mind when he created it."* called Jesus "Rabbi,"a term of greatest is based upon a conception of God,

The sublime faith in God as shown in respect.) "For no man can do these seeking to raise man to a higher stage

all the writings of the Old Testament miracles that thou doest, except God be of moral and spiritual life and to bring indicate that this life on earth is but a with him."Jesus answered and said him back to heaven. The worth of man

period of preparation for the life hereunto him: "Verily, verily, I say unto is revealed in God's will to save him

after. From the Psalms we have "The thee, Except a man be born again, he to the high destiny to which he calls

Lord is my shepherd...."and in the cannot see the kingdom of God."And him. Nothing is clearer than that there

nineteenth chapter of the Book of Job, to the question: "How can a man be came into the world with Jesus Christ

we have Job crying out in his great born when he is old?"Jesus answered, a new, fresh, and incomparable power

sorrow "Verily, verily, I say unto thee, Except to recreate the lives of men and to open

Spirit, the of of water and born a be man the hereafter to for them they which written! words were now my Oh that into of the enter kingdom cannot oh he live. In and the might of work words in a printed book! that they were life, It entered by a new be must God."St. the allcomforting message Mark, iron pen with an graven they were That

this life. Jewish afterward years Three is of us. to given immortality for ever! in the rock lead and

Christ, to who had came again liveth, that and ruler redeemer For I know my spices brought and And when the sabbath was past, Mary and been crucified, shall at the stand that latter day he upon the earth: fine linen to wrap in them the body of Magdalene, and Mary the mother of James,

Salome, and spices, that had sweet bought burial. skin after destroy it for His anoint to his worms though and Lord And my

they anoint him. and might come shall I see flesh this yet body, sitting the on in my as Jesus was day One

God.... well of Jacob resting, a woman of the And very early in the morning the first

day of the they week, unto the came water. to draw (Job 19:2326.) country He asked came

rising at the of the sun. for she drink, could sepulchre him her to give

they themselves, And said among How safe are the righteous who trust in Who well. she the deep Soon draw from

roll shall the stone door from the us away God! never as she had such words heard of the sepulchre?

the before she as stood before heard hills, from the lift unto eyes I will mine up they looked, they that when And saw "quiet the of a Syrian during Master help. cometh whence my the stone away: for was rolled very it was

. plain. the over brooding Lord, made which the noon from help cometh My.. great.

this earth. of drinketh water and that heaven Everyone

entering into the sepulchre, they And saw is the thy is keeper: Lord thy Lord again; whosoever thirst The shall but a sitting right the side, young on man right hand. thy upon shade I shall give that water of the drinketh clothed in a long white garment; they and nor day, thee shall smite not by sun The thirst; that the water shall but never the him affrighted. were night. by moon shall within him I shall give become him saith unto them, he affrighted: not And Be all evil: thee from shall preserve Lord The into springing living up water of well a (Concluded on page 62) soul. thy shall preserve he

The Lord shall preserve thy going out and eternal life."Soon the

thy coming in from this time forth, and well and the water had even for evermore. passed from their

(Psalms 121:1, 2,5-8.) thoughts. When she

declared that she knew The Jews naturally came to believe that the Messiah should in the resurrection of the body. Since come, Jesus calmly

the kingdom was to be on the earth, the said: "I am he."She

dead must come back in bodily form in left her water jar beorder that they might take part in the side the well. Her erkingdom. rand was forgotten. She

hastened back to the bade the and men The Christian Idea of Immortality town see and come she met and came They the him. winning in Jerusalem was Jesus to remain him begged of kindbelief by his acts of many

ness and his blessings to the poor, when with them, and he did.

at night a man of prominence and of He taught them in wealth, a teacher and ruler, came to him words of such greatto inquire about the kingdom of heaven. ness and authority. "I

His name was Nicodemus, and he was am the Truth.... I am

a ruler of the Jews and a member of the Life.... I am the

the Sanhedrin. Jesus had strangely attracted him. Some word of the Master

had entered his heart and the impulse to PALESTINE go to him was irresistible, and he came "The place where they laid to ask for light. He was in mental Him,"rock hewn tomb in hilldarkness and confusion, and he came to sidedivinitynorthscholarsof Jerusalemto be theheldsiteby > Vsit*

inquire about the kingdom of heaven. of burial of Jesus Christ the

Redeemer. *Adam C. Welch, Hebrew Conceptions of Immortality

JANUARY, 1945 Jke HARDSCRABBLE

I, N the Wasatch Mountainsof early days hardy mountaineers were nzzuedill accustomed to deeds of personal valor.

Danger lurked in many an unfrequented glade; hazards coiled by the rocks of

nearly every trail; for some wild animals A TRUE STORY by CLAUDE T. BARNES

had not yet lost their fearlessness of man. Yet of the daring pioneers whom

it has been our pleasure to know, one of the bravest was John Burton*; and or day to have the band of over two when an exclamation from Leavitt imthe incident herein related is still disthousand sheep constantly under his mediately recalled him.

cussed with awe by those who were surveillance, to ramble after them over The older man was gazing at a grizzly aware of its occurrence in those early the hills during the day, and to sleep at cub, which was playing by a clump of times. the camp at night with one ear open, as serviceberry bushes about forty yards

Having heard the story from his own it were, for the sound of any marauding up the canyon. It was apparently alone

lips just prior to his death in 1920, we coyote or murderous lion. His comand wholly unmindful of the presence

have the benefit of our notes made at panion, whom we shall call Wilson, a of the two men. The sheep were resting

the time and can thus vouch for the acyouth of about twenty years, inexperion a little flat about a hundred yards curacy of the details. It was somewhere enced but willing, was the camp tender; down the canyon.

about the year 1892 that the tragic event he did the cooking, moved the camp "Get me my gun,"said Leavitt quiethappened in that wild and picturesque wagon from place to place, as the need ly, keeping his eyes all the while towards part of the Wasatch Mountains known of new grazing ground demanded; the bear. Wilson responded quickly,

as Hardscrabble Canyon, a canyon, by hobbled the three pack horses and made and then the herder, crouching low, the way, which though only some twenoccasional trips down the mountain for sneaked quietly a few paces up the ty miles northeast of Salt Lake City, supplies such as canned and dried fruits, ravine and, resting beside a rock, took still harbors the sneaking cougar and the flour, and rock salt. deliberate aim and fired. The cub rolled

squall and the of September; begun to over, and middle had just It was ourselves wolf.wily have come We her piteously, maroon, crimson, patches of a shegrizzly and yellow and when in its serviceberry bears blackupon

patches; but perhaps no more does the were interspersed among the greens of monstrous mate plunged through the

fingerclawed grizzly tread its trails. the canyon sides. The leaves of the berry patch out into the open, ready to

From the ridge at its top one may look chokecherry were turning to vinaceous wreak vengeance on the whole world!

westerly to the flats below, where trains cinnamon; those of the dogwood, to The shebear ran to her cub, slapped it

edge the Great Salt Lake on their way dark maroon. lightly with her paw, sniffed at it loudly

to California; or gaze easterly and perAs the two men arrived at their camp, and then turned, the picture of enmity

ceive other trains puffing upward beside the sun was fast nearing the ridge above and fiendish determination. Leavitt fired

the Weber River on their journey to the them, and an evening draft was beginagain, and then both brutes charged

East. Often, when the weather is favorning to whisper through the stately wildly at him.

able, one may indeed hear the distant pines. The young camp tender repaired Wilson fled down the canyon as fast

whistles of the locomotives, so clear and to the tent where hung the carcass of a as he could run; but the herder stood

pure is the atmosphere of the Wasatch. fat young ewe, mutton being their only his ground. There was a terrifying

Indeed, even today, Hardscrabble Canfresh meat; and he was in the act of scream; and Wilson glanced back just

yon retains much of its early beauty and slicing off sufficient for their supper (Continued on page 55) wildness.

It was about 1892 when two sheepherders were encamped near a grove of balsams at the head of this thicklytimbered canyon, the name of which aptly portrays its labyrinthine growths of cottonwoods, quaking aspens, alders, pines, scrub oaks and willows. The older of the two—call

him Leavitt, as their names were never given us—was a tall, bearded man of

much physical strength and boldness; he

was the herder whose duty it was night

*Mr. Burton possessed remarkable physical strength

and fearlessness. The writer once saw him stretch

out prone, face downward, feet together, arms extended full length ahead with the hands touching, and with a fifty pound weight on his back, actually raise his body five inches from the floor with only the tips of his fingers and toes for support. Try it some

time. It was his habit to walk to his sheep camps at

the top of the mountains at night; and such was his

untiring endurance that once, having a message for him, the author required three days on hoseback to reach him in the mountains above Richmond, Utah. For

many years the writer's brother, R. W.. had part of

the skeleton of the large grizzly herein described.

This account >is but one of several that could be related about this remarkable man.

20 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

'. LklAPck icer:

DO YOU TALK TOO MUCH?

/NELSON

over know, those much? YouMr.tooChurch Officer, do you talk Jke people of your oracu%Lzatiovi have too muck preside too have you whom

much respect for you to tell you about it if you do talk too much. There is respect for uou to tell uou of it, If uou talk too muck

nothing that will kill your prestige more than for you to be lecturing eternally

Ifto yourself them. express very you

if abilityeasily as iyou llSe the srudae! have real and you

a public speaker, you should ever be on your guard lest you comment too the pulpit. times frommuch Many you By MARVIN O. ASHTON of the presiding bishopricwill vent to give be to your prompted

feelings in lecturing, but be wise. Don't

eternally "spank"your members. They

will love you if you are frank; and you the end that you won't talk too much. was about as follows: "Oh, Lord, we

will never lose your influence, if, when Because your audience has its eye on thank thee for our blessings and for the an issue arises, you let them know where you and has the attitude of being entervisit of our dear brother who has disyou stand, and further, point their tained, don't always suppose your mescoursed to us this day. Bless him, oh

noseswise—that'sin the whyrightyoudirection.were chosenYou arefor yousage talkis sinkingtoo much.in. YourIt won'tlistenerssink havein if Lord,a few andfeathersespeciallyfrom thatthe hewingsmightoftakehis

leadership. To give advice from the too much respect for you to be disimagination and place them on the tail

pulpit or otherwise is your prerogative courteous. Their eyes may be riveted of his judgment."

and your duty, but your people will on you, but back of those eyes may be Remember the greatest constructive take your advice more willingly if you a prayer to heaven to bless you with forces in the universe are silent. The

don't talk too much. more discretion than you are displaying boisterous noises like lightning and

One of the saddest things to find as in that moment of their boredom. thunder are those that do the damage.

one visits a ward is a "talking bishop."A story is told of a negro preacher The sun comes up each morning to give

just said or done, he matter what is its at his being visited eternal earth churchNo was by the who vitality—silently.

is there no Probably comment.must a fellow pastor. the courtesy, in the heavens Out of worlds do their The

place in a ward function where this is visitor was given a few moments to exwork silently.

more noticeable than at a funeral. press himself from the stand. But I Your greatest generalship will be

When an appropriate service has been suppose the fellow pastor decided to shown in distributing authority. Your

rendered and everyone feels that the take advantage of the invitation and leadership is measured by the type and spirit is complete, it is often spoiled by talked an hour and a half. (He was calibre of the men and women you

an oration at the end. The spirit of many like many people when called upon, and draw about you. It is not measured by

a wholesome service has been spoiled thought he would make good use of the noise you yourself make.

through a bishop's ambition to put the the opportunity, as it might be a long A visitor to a school was impressed finishing touches on the program. while before the opportunity would with the discipline and the precision of

Measure your words and let them be knock at his door again. ) Well, when the response of the pupils to their teachfew. Don't have it said of you that the he finished, there was only one thing er. It was marvelous. Without any

members of your organization are alto do, and that was to close the meetoutward commotion, the students arose ways using their faith and prayers to ing. The prayer of the negro preacher (Concluded on page 34)

JANUARY, 1945 21 MISSION SPIRIT KEPT ALIVE

of the unforgettable experiions, if they were actually to perpetuateOneences of an Eastern States misthe bonds they had known while in the sionary is to stand in the Sacred mission field. In order to provide fur- &f ther study opportunities, social conGrove at Palmyra, New York, and

bear a farewell testimony to his comtacts, and a renewal of the spiritual panions at the Cumorah conference, atmosphere of the mission, there was before leaving for home. On this and organized a Sunday Evening Fireside

other memorable occasions, lasting imgroup. Its meetings were held every

pressions are made which, no doubt, are <=JLar5on two weeks in the homes of missionaries, typical of the great moments in the misMEMBER, GENERAL BOARD, following the regular sacrament meetof experiencesionary everyone returning in chapels. ings who Anyone ward

I. A. to privilegedhas serve as an Y. W. M. been considered welmission the from was

L.D.S. missionary. come as a new member.

It was at just such a gathering, severWith the exception of a very short al years ago, that a group of Eastern summer vacation, these biweekly meetStates missionaries made a solemn ings have continued and are now enjoypledge that the spirit of Cumorah should tunity to speak, sing, or otherwise paring a peak of success, both in attendbe kept alive, even after mission days ticipate as was customary in the misance and enthusiasm. Soon after this

had ended. One of the strongest insion field. The Evans'family organ comgroup began its meetings, many memfluences binding them together was pleted the unique picture and added the bers entered the armed services, but

Sister President andfound in is without a meeting hardly now held for. Frank religious called warmth A public date, at that early extendedEvans, who, of servicenumber of a the presence secured, so been address system had

an invitation for the first western that everything said or done was heard. men who are home on furlough, or who

Cumorah gathering to be held at their The unanimous vote at the close of the are stationed near this area. They are

farm home in Coalville, Utah, as soon evening was that the occasion should thrilled to know that they may return as they returned west. occur annually, and every July 24th to such an active circle of friends, and

beginning the 24, 1941, was On July is over, they may the war when of the same that found since has many official (the eastern date Thismade. their compantheir places take among missionreturned with group, newly

conference date) found one hundred aries added, gathered at some conveniions as before. The group has made a

and twentyfive missionaries assembled, ent spot, consistent with wartime travel special effort to keep in touch with the along with their sweethearts, wives, restrictions, engaging in similar activiservicemen who are away, and keep husbands, and children. What a reties. informed as to their whereabouts and

Thereunion it was! was an outdoor have small very successes. number A

the trimmings, with allbarbecue the supreme to called upon make and for Coon after this first Cumorah reunion, been the barbecue the elders and their misthe missionaries decided that even sacrifice, and they will be greatly missed sion father had prepared a pit the week the July celebration and the conference by their former companions. Those rebefore. Games and sports for every reunions with the rest of the Eastern maining will strive even more diligently

interest were in evidence, and a treasure States Mission organization did not to hold high the ideals and standards hunt took the entire group over forty offer frequent enough contact for a for which some have paid such a price.

acres of farm land. Last of all, to crown spirited group of missionary companThere are many who have asked how

thetouch—aday's meetingactivities,incamea nearbythe spiritualgrove, this fireside organization(Concluded couldon pagehave59)

where everyone present had an opporGROUP OF RETURNED MISSIONARIES WHO

MET AT THE HOME OF H. LeROY FRISBY.

22 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

SOME EXPERIENCES

WITH eneraI villa UjSu &Le5tie cJL. Sudvueehd

eral but agreed to ride ahead and see if

Onecentof Mexicanthe dramatichistoryfigureswas inFranre- theJamesJuarezR. WhettenStake, andin companyAlbert Tietjen,with thatA consentfew hourscouldlaternotthebe brethrenobtained.were

cisco (Pancho) Villa [real set out to visit the missionaries who aroused from their slumbers by the

In a horsemen. of approaching sound vilof the native bandit, laboring were in somename, Doroteo Arango]—peon, time short the captain of the guard rode lages. of first Vallesoldier, El de San They reached rebel, general—partisan

one side and then another, during the Buenaventura without mishap, finding up, saying that his general was furious turbulent decade of the Mexican Revthe elders there in good health. After because he had not brought the prisonolutions (19101920). But with all of remaining for a few days, the visitors ers into camp and had commanded him

his imperfections, Villa was a man of to return and fetch them immediately.

his word and one who had great regard A bed was made in the back of the for the Mormon colonists. buggy for President Bentley, and as the

the cold, of guard night the captain was at Villa General was when One day in seat the invitation ride to accepted an inseveral brethren, Grandes,Casas brethren. the other between two When of Bentleycluding Bishops C. Joseph they Villa's found camp, they reached

Colonia Juarez and Anson B. Call of that the general had gone on to the town

to see him.Colonia went Dublan down All that of with most of Cruces his men.

at colonists endeavoredThe Mormon night, next the the day, following and topartisanship to exhibitall times no fate. their night, travelers the awaited

federalists either rebels or butward for the morning second came word to On factermsremain with both on friendly entire to Cruces. the on to move camp

tions, neutrality to avoid hoping by this indelivered three brethren were The molestation. officers of to other the were hands and

As soon as the rebel chieftain saw the imprisoned for a time in a dark room brethren he flew into a rage, telling them without windows. Eventually they were

to go back to the United States where led out into the street where an officer all Americanos belonged and let of some importance was giving orders "Aunty"Taft take care of them. The to his men. Elder Whetten soon struck

brethren then explained to him that they up a conversation with a distinguishedwere Mexican citizens, that their homes appearing gentleman in civilian clothes and all their possessions were in Mexiwho stood near by. The man inquired

co, and that it was their adopted counpolitely if the three brethren had been try. to breakfast. When he learned that they

This unexpected answer seemed to had not, he conducted them into the please the rebel commander, who inPRESIDENT JOSEPH C. BENTLEY dining room and ordered a meal.

quired what he could do for them. He As they breakfasted, the conversawas told that the object of the visit was set out for Namiquipa, driving a team of tion continued. The three men soon

to secure a written order, directing any mules hitched to a light buggy. In the learned that their benefactor was the

rebel soldiers, who might be foraging, afternoon they came unexpectedly upon noted General Felipe Angeles, who was to spare the work animals of the colon- a band of armed men, which formed one on a confidential mission, more or less ists and take only saddle horses. Villa of Villa's outposts. incognito, with a view to persuading

obligingly wrote out the order and gave Elder Whetten, being the most fluent Villa to lay down his arms and make copies to Bishop Bentley and Bishop of the trio in the use of the Spanish lanpeace. Angeles inquired politely regardCall. guage, explained to the captain of the ing the religious views of the brethren

The general then said that he was detachment the purpose of their journey and appeared very much interested in badly in need of blankets and quilts for and assured him that it was entirely what they had to say.

his men and that he would like to buy peaceful. The captain was favorably President Bentley said in a low tone

all the bedding in the store at Colonia disposed toward the brethren but into Elder Whetten, "Give him all the

Juarez. When informed that the Juarez formed them that he would have to hold gospel you can. We would rather talk

store was only a grocery and did not them until nightfall, when he would conwith him than with Villa himself just carry bedding, he expressed considerduct them to Villa's camp. The genernow."

able disappointment, calling attention al, he advised them, was in an ugly to the suffering of his men. Bishop Bentmood, and it was likely to go hard with HPhe conversation continued unabated

hours. this time for several During to take volunteeredley then a up so colany Americanos unwere who

givnoticed the officer they had whom collection the surplus bedding of his from fortunate as to fall into hands. 1 The

onists for the relief of the suffering captain said that he dared not release ing orders earlier in the day kept entertroops. Villa replied that he did not them without the permission of his gening the room, listening nervously for a

Presithen going out. few minutes, and the he rob but thatwant to Mormons,

the 1ViIla's toward hard feelings United States and as Bentley recognized him had to glad from bewould buy the bedding in general are easily Americans toward explained. As dent

them. ain rebelthe Unitedhe had Statesbeen deniedwhile atthetherightsameto purchasetime war armssupGeneral Villa.

his being plies the to reto exported were Bentley government. word, Mexican True Joseph Villa times General Several came when

strictly in international Although accordance with to said law into him, collected the to Angelesturned General Colonia Juarez, room custom, action, to such Villa's untutored and mind, this of here and over hear some "Come quilts thirty blankets, injustice. hauledabout gross and Also occasion on was one Mexican

it is forces I finest transopposing thing him the permitted were doctrine; ever havethem to Casas Grandes in his wagon, Federalistportation in through Texas, Mexico, Arizona and New talktrying to heard. are These do by men to Villa.and presented them the to attack route rear, Villa the from order Mexican are trying to ing just the thing with do we to for impassable being from Sonora Chihuahua an

to insult vanity of our guns."Villa's crowning army. was, The

later, in of years March the course, of into expedition Pershing GeneralA number Mexico Villa, "I replied General "Yes,"know all in a vain leader, attempt the rebel to capture following** C. Bentley, 1919, Joseph by I who their doctrine. the and about Mormons latter's raid the revenge Columbus, on Mexico, New

this time had been chosen president of in 1916. ( Concluded on page 6 1

JANUARY, 1945 23 octxy IF LOVE BE GUEST COME AND GROW OLD WITH ME A SOLUTION

J. Grant By Edward C. Dimatteo

EVERY By Christie Lund Coles IN(InscribedLOVE ANDtoADMIRATIONPresident ANDHeberWITH

WISH) BIRTHDAY GOOD the mountains, the upon snow heart love within guest be your FallsIF fountains, rain hidden the from Descends kind; courteous, be Be Bertha A. Kleinman By regions, northern the from Leaps wind little all faults love, of theTo

Be somewhat blind. COME and grow old with me as trees grow Dark reflects the solar legions.

old, garden, nature's of beast Awaken, love unnumbered has walked finerFor newer, wood, adding season roads, Each winter's the harden urge to Forego doors, unnumbered passed cold Has storm defying In timbered might and fear, instilled with waters Creeping carefully heart bolt your mostAh, adversity for withstood. nobler And this year. trampling Inflicted by If in yours. guest love be

fashioned likewise a made God tree—he brutal the clash with morrow, and me, Arise

rain, the the and brave To thunder—shock the borrow, chaste and you good Defend

blast all in thought. grace enwrapped Withhold IN STAR THE WINDOW that security sheds weathered oak A fought. for the which goal you Secure

last. to fruited uplifted the boughs From Winifred Davis By

all last force to bloodless Deny evening with old and grow Come me—the past, incisions of cruel your The free, heart your let him nbuckle and go star Uplift the heart unto maker, your the earth the the him and Give and sky Is strife; after with promise rainbow spannedu taker. the for with guidance Endowed sea at the for ajar gate age, There is no

New wood still blossoms on THE TREE Melts the ice from stretching crests,

Blessed be his land and blessed be his sea, OF LIFE! Drys the saturated lowland nests,

Peace go and blessings there wherever he Limps the crippled fleeing breeze, be; Shines the sun on dreams you seize.

his bright, shiningPeaceful path lie, and night. WORDS WILL COME AFTER daylight andSafe be his be his calm

stay gently his dark headBoyhood upon blessedBlessed be be his his board and bed; By Dott /. Sartori NEW YEAR

Blessed after, with remembering, will come be the power that shelters from Words By Rena Stotenburgh Travais harm past the equinox; our summer To hold

in lean thou thouSon, on his after, will bosom—trust cabin and remembering, come Words window my Beyond his arm. box. columbine Reviving lie and white; cold and snows The

his farflung foam, presenceKept upon by I the ringing shall hear not sailor, after, over, will the seas home, high winter nightSafe and a come come Words bells tonight. Year Of New

leaf of Raise this and canopy bough Christians with I shall stand not and again sound Out of memory sing, glad hosannahs Who utter syllables now. we drifts that deepen Shut in by BRIGHT IS THE FAITH The

A Tribute And isolation bring.

By Edith Hatoldsen Lovell NEW YEAR'S EVE 1944 But inRemembering,the midnightI silenceshall hear

S. Dustin By Edna familiar music dear The

faroff in that winds, gently,Dlow in the year. welcomes That Year's candlewick the Old*-'we watch in alien that grave Hallow sand land; As waver flier sleeps. there American For an cabin doorway Beyond my

in its it sputtering of yestertallow hear And fight; fly to the courage and to go,His was I cannot hope

the will Year come But soon New freshly taper molded see a all to the know. world For

its in faithHisO wasbrightthe ishonorthe faithto diethatfora right;flier keeps. WeRaisingday, tiny palm blessing with and promise of tomorrow. With

it is, that in the skyPerhaps comfort for each heart With trivial things pass canThe its celebration them by, Photograph, Salt Lake Tribune In all

And they can see into the years I cannot have a part;

Which things are worthy of their tears;

Which things are false, and which are just; But when my clock says midnight

In which ideals to put their trust. I shall not lack for cheer;

With memories all about me How else could fliers blithely go I'll welcome the New Year.

Into the fire of the foe Knowing each flight might be farewell?

faroff land; in that gently, winds,Blow

that lonely grieve, sand ASSURANCE andHis parents

Holds part of their hearts as well. By Elaine V. Emans

And though at times we cannot see Order has fled, they say, there is no roomWhy hate and war and death should be For her in this confusion—and we listen,

Why flame and blood should smirch the Smiling, and know with work and cloth and sky, broom houses peace again, and have brought first finest should best the and die; WeWhy

. glisten, one answers, of one us byYet each

When our little span of work is done. We have brought order back. And this we

know, Blow gently, winds, in that faroff land; We who are orderlovers, that a mind

Hallow that plot of alien sand; Yearning indeed for lovely quiet ways,

For there an American flier sleeps. By reasoning and praying and by slow

His was the bitter and difficult road Determining can leave chaos behind.

Yet his was the measure that overflowed. Think not that order would desert these

O, bright is the faith that a flier keeps! days.

24 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA dired Moves On President Grant Broadcast dowment from the Church of Jesus Christ played by Andor Foldes, international-

... of Saints. Latterday ly pianist, to known the rhapsody whom regular evening SundayHThe Church

is gift significant This indivery in... dedicated. was Foldes has Mr. appeared radio hour broadcast on over KSL faith cating the that the confidence and in times many tours. Provo on concert 26, featuredNovember from a message presidency the of the univerhas in Church

President in in Heber general the medical school and by sity Grant—selected in Primary Secretary Released

particular. are forth inspiredhim his to put presented and J. by own recorded We secretary treasurJensen, and effort to every the merit f illian confidence whichvoice his previous recorded from meser of the general... Priof the board the gift indicates.sages.

since Association mary 1943, August eightminute recorded address The E. Dallin Cyrus Dies released was in her duties from midbeliefstouched fundamental upon the E. Dallin, nativeborn Utah she November, married Cyrus when andof as set forth in the the Church Articles of Faith and elsewhere. sculptor, died at his Arlington, moved to California.

Massachusetts, 14. home, November He the During President week Grant had Primary General Board Changes eightytwo. include His was the works his 22,marked, eightyon November

[rs. statue at Brigham Young Leone South and Poulton Temple Cowleyeighth birthday, 23, and on November M'Streets, figure the and the Main and of Mrs. Pratt Parrish have Mary histhe of completion twentysixth year

as president of the Church. Angel Moroni atop the Salt Lake Tembeen appointed to the Primary general

ple. board. Mrs. Cowley, a member of the

Salt City Lake JubileeY.W.M.I.A. Twentyseventh Ward,

U.S.A.C. President has lifelong a been Priward and stake anniversary of theHThe seventyfifth Franklin S. Harris President Association of the mary worker. Mrs. Parfounding of the Young Women's Brigham rish has labored in Young University, School, Provo, the Sunday Association ImprovementMutual was

Society, has president chosen been of the Relief at M.I.A. and Centerservices,noted at appropriate Sunday

ville, State College, Agricultural Utah. Utah has Logan, served as She a member 26, meetings and atNovember Mutual

latter school's the the of both of by regents Bonneville board and Highland 28, inon Tuesday, wards November and branches throughout the Church. to succeed Dr. E. G. Peterson. Dr. Stake Primary boards.

will Harris take Mrs. duties Edith over Patrick Smith his new has also on the plaque foundcommemorating A

1, the 1945, been beginning of to the fiscal July board. the Primary named Sheing of the organization dedicated was

at the Lion House, place of organizayear. brings a wealth of experience gained in

tion, on Tuesday November 28, by Dr. Harris, a worldknown authority the Primary Association, M.I.A., and

President George Albert Smith of the on agriculture and irrigation, has been seminary of the Ensign Stake.

Council of the Twelve. Speakers here president of B.Y.U. since 1921. At the same time three general board

released: members were honorably Mrs. past Fox, only livingwere Ruth May Stake Number 148 state Grace Wahlquist, of chairmanpresident of the Y.W.M.I.A., and Joseph F. Smith, Patriarch to the Church, 'T'he one hundred fortyeighth stake of the Utah Minute Women affiliated with

Board, the Jessie into and existthe brought War Production Church was to his Young's wordswho read Brigham

Schofield, recreational director at ence ProElder November 12 when the Boxdaughters. Cannon, Grant Mrs. Lucy

present general president of the associaStake was divided to form the North vo, Utah, both of whom have been on tion, conducted the program, and traced Box Elder Stake and the South Box leave of absence since 1942; and Ruth

the history of the organization from its Elder Stake. B. Coon, who recently moved to Phoebeginning, November 28, 1869, by John P. Lillywhite was named presinix, Arizona.

dent of the North Elder Stake with BoxPresident Brigham Young.

Willie Vernal Eberhart and as Sunday School General Board Zundel "Era"Manager counselors. The stake has a memberAppointment of James L. Barker,

of former president includes 4,333, of the the which BrigArgentine as ship his duties began D. GilesJohn Mission, to the general City Third Fourth, of the and Harper, ham board business manager Improveof The

ment Era in midNovember. He sucHoneyville, Bear River City, and CorDeseret Sunday School Union has been

ceeds John K. Orton, who has moved inne wards and the Evans Branch. announced by General Superintendent

his home to Phoenix, Arizona. Elder The South Box Elder Stake has a Milton Bennion. Elder Barker was a

Giles returned from the Hill Cumorah, membership totaling 4,448 members member of the general board from 1 928 until in the the board Willard, Perry, reorganized several was Mantua,Palmyra, York, where he was diresiding New

First, years ago. that City Fifth, Brigham Second, At apand time he was Information.rector of the of Bureau

Sixth wards. President Abel S. Rich pointed as president of the Argentine

Medical School Gift and counselors, Glen M. Bennion and J. Mission.

sustained the as Baird, were Edwin tribute to President Heber J.Asa Genealogical Society Head stake presidency, held the having"same eightyeighth birthday, on his Grant

November 22, the Church presented an positions in the Box Elder Stake. P"lder Joseph Fielding Smith of the

endowment of twentyfive thousand Elder John A. Widtsoe of the CounCouncil of the Twelve has been redollars to the University of Utah Medicil of the Twelve directed the organizanamed president of the Genealogical

cal School, to be used to equip a labortion proceedings, assisted by Elder Society of the Church of Jesus Christ atory for the department of pharmacolSamuel O. Bennion of the First Council of Latterday Saints, as the name of the

ogy and physiology. An appropriate of the Seventy. organization was changed from the

will laboratory, in theplaque be placed will be usedand the endowment entireSymphony November.Genealogical TheSocietyfollowingof Utahdirectorsin late

ly for the equipment and its installation. HPhe Rhapsody for piano and orcheswere reappointed: Elders Joseph FieldPresident LeRoy E. Cowles of the tra, written by Professor LeRoy J. ing Smith, John A. Widtsoe, and Mark

university and Dean A. C. Callister of Robertson director of the Brigham E. Petersen of the Council of the

the medicine school said: Young University symphony orchestra Twelve, Joseph Christenson, Archibald

... It is with a sense of deep gratitude was played November 28 and 29 in F. Bennett, A. William Lund, and James

that the University of Utah in behalf of its Kingsbury Hall at the University of M. Kirkham.

Medical School accepts this generous enUtah campus, Salt Lake City. It was (Continued on page 43)

.JANUARY, 1945 25

,tfMgmm

QJcDtPi I

::>.:>::<>:<!<<<

HEARD FROM THE "CROSSROADS OF THE WEST"WITH THE SALT LAKE TaBERnacle Choir and Organ over a nationwide radio network through

KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting System every Sunday at 12:00 noon

By RICHARD L EVANS Eastern War Time, 11:00 a.m. Central War Time, 10:00 a.m. Mountain

War Time, and 9:00 a.m. Pacific War Time.

\Jn lroblna the Jutlure \Jvi J\viowLvig9 the j/ntrMre concerning persistent questions and the frequent seem, have it wouldMen, future?"are these: know the can't we "Why the about more to know infuture—acommondesirean urgentwhich desiredemAmongthe future

onstrates itself in many ways, and for many reasons. And and "Why shouldn't we know the future?"There are a

in some respects and to some extent the future may and number of possible answers, perhaps none of them fully should be known. For example, a science has grown up satisfying—but all of them very much in point—and one

to help us forecast something as to the future of weather possible answer would seem to be that oftentimes we can't conditions, which is of much value to all of us. To know know more about the future because oftentimes it doesn't

something concerning the future of private wants and exist. By this we mean that many things that will happen

needs helps the manufacturer and the merchant to avoid in the future will depend upon what we do and upon what since neither we nor they may yet have made some of the hazards of chance—and to this end we have others do, and

our business forecasts. The broad lines of the future, so decisions in these matters, the results that are to follow

far as the plan and purpose of life are concerned, as well those decisions may not now be known. Yet another reason,

as specific forthcoming events, have often been foretold and an allsufficient one for many, is that he who directs by the prophets, when the purposes of God were served the affairs of the universe, he who is the author of the thereby. But the desire to know the future may become an plan of life, and the Eternal Father of men, has decreed in

instances in what not most should know his wisdom that we are there some who feel that so much inordinate desire—so

it us to bring, as is not even future shall the now given and the unknowable can they know rest unless they cannot see the unseeable, and who, to this end, place their conto have remembrance of what preceded birth. For those

fidence in those who profess, for a price, to tell what irrevwho would like still other reasons, suppose we ask ourocable events the fates have decreed, as revealed in the selves what kind of life it would be if we did know everystars, the tea leaves, in the cutting of the cards, in the thing that was going to happen to us. Actually, a detailed

crystal, or by some other occult means. In our learned foreknowledge of trials and tragedies to come might well

twentieth century we have sometimes given ourselves to be expected to destroy much of the happiness that is. Also,

believe that we have left witchcraft and mummery and in knowing the future, there would be less of the joy of of it. In discovery and less of the growth that comes with faith superstition behind—and then we cling to much

the wisdom of God it has not been given to us to pry the and struggle. Imagine the monotony, the humdrum of a

lid off the future at our indiscriminate discretion. It has life in which each hour, each day, each year, everyone

been so ordered that in many things we shall live by faith, knows everything he is going to do, everything that is

If the come. life they as events of the of and meet nothing of the unexpected, going to happen—nothing fixed with lives were our of pattern fixed and the joys, no unlookedfor unforeseen, no pleasant surprises, starsthem—ifwere the

next the its in set already future were the mold—then to heartaches sorrows of the and concealing merciful matter we doesn't how that be would conclusion logical nothing right and now, in sum lump a nocome—everything be result would our with do or live what we lives—theit speculation to an is carrying course, This, of reserve. in unfalse is and philosophy such But anyway. same the

of the attention to invite wisdom it does absurdity, but free effects in which causes of and world is a This tenable.

will operates and in which men may expect with certainty things as they are. And if there were some clandestine

to realize the effects of the causes they set in motion. And means of acquiring a detailed knowledge of the events to

if there are things in our lives that ought to be changed, it's come in our own lives, it still wouldn't bring us happiness.

up to us to change them. If there are pitfalls that should We had better learn to live by faith from day to day, and by

be avoided, it's up to us to do our best to avoid them. A good works coupled with our faith, ready to meet the future

fatalistic attitude toward the future is a destroyer of initiawhatever it brings, confident that the mercy and the wisdom a men, enslaver of an of despondency, breeder tive, a all that us, to of give will we each justice of God and the in decreed is irrevocably life. a law There of premise false eternal our for and expect, our good for or hope ever could our predicated, and are all blessings which on heavens the to it better not were what know happiness. They who it, conduct to our according make will what future be we they think would they than less who happy are much know, stars are the because not law, and limits of the within and

fixed, or the cards fall black or red.—November 5, 1944. like to know some things they don't.—November 12, 1944.

26 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA p&tetrn IMbojOg

is one thing stronger than all the armies in the world;

so are arrived."has time We idea whose that is an \Jn *JjL5regardingJidreaardvviq the -jrvitare and and money in terms of speak think and to to accustomed

that fact the of sight lose that may in the we goods lands and made have mistakes deplore we times at us of ll A intangibles of force greater is the forces tangible all future behind the couldn't known have ask we past and why ideas the and men, beyond forces the men, of thoughts all reasons—the the mistakes. Of our avoided have thereby and or to good tangibles put that principles and motives this and one future, the to desire their know for men given by is always there contest physical any Behind evil purposes. mistakes. avoid us help the most to be seem would valid—to the weapons, tangible wills. Behind of contest inevitably a out we when ruled readily be might this reason even But the is always there see, readily can which of we impact things those even ignore often we ourselves how remind which but observable readily is so not which ideas of force the present and the about future—and do we know—both of effect the persistent, than more formidable, is taught more has past the which things those ignore often we how lived ever character who effective most force. The physical prinin future the already future. know the about us We to have recorded is seldom Christ, the Jesus men, effects specific among produced once have which ciple. Causes this of forces physical the rely upon to or tangibles in dealt effects. This the same produce to expected again be may into of men humblest the transformed yet he in some is may, man This law. of why is process the earth—and of thoughts the modified he world; the of movers the that mighty fact the But come. things to for plan respects, things tangible of shape the modified therefore, and, not men, does past the judged by degree in be some future may reshape to able thrilling to is be It come. to all distime for past, and the of mistakes the repeating our prevent to oceans, link to rivers, bridge to mountains, of face the opened have prophets the its lessons. when Even regarding It men. of convenience and comfort for the structures things of rear generations their own forewarned future and the storefill world's the to abundantly, harvest to is glorious not. than often rejected more been they have come, to clothe, to and feed to Providence; gifts of the full with houses mistakes, knowing our repeat own often Indeed, we luxuries. even comforts, and and needs man's provide to of know what we and mistakes, much are they that well that tangibles we the and earth of forces physical in ignore often The present, the we about certainty, even with lives, our to blessing are a us all about touch and see often but health, of rules may the of practice. many know We thinking first, the is, this all behind be of or so—but rules hapthe may of many know them. fail observe to We of or both—of or God men of someone—of planning if disthat and we ignore. know often which piness, we We forces intangible gifts, the creative ideals, the the ideas, still the there the shall pay law, regard we consequences—but of lives the shape and the world shape and that then, which move seem, It law. would the disregard are many who history who of characters been many have the There men. or present, the past, the of of knowledge certainty a sense, physical in a world the conquering to near in our come have because, mistakes, our us from keep not future does manideas upon wrong force to tried have who lives, disregard and many our of we pattern all the in and conduct their in disturbance of created much have kind, leads who and this admission know. And do of what we so much stop men could none who been there have But is attempts. future the of greater knowledge that conclusion the to

truth, who none of knowledge the toward moving to from is important It know more need. urgent most our not arrived. had time whose idea of an emergence the is stop it could to than know tnem, observe to principles and correct

it is founded unless arrives, never idea for an time the will us maBut principles save correct Observing future. the less, no and much, This freedom. in justice, and in truth, in future the and knowing merely spiritually, but terially and for our themselves present that ideas all the of ask anyone, must save will never principles we correct ignoring then

live, to live acceptance. and spiritually. how to or materially To know—November 26, 1944. a to than know fundamental is so much more that way,

few fragments of the future pertaining to ourselves or others. To know the commandments of God and to keep Copyright. 1945.

them, to know the rules of life and to live them, will lead to the certainty of a glorious future whether we know it in detail or not.

—November 19, 1944.

Atn, Jrdt lAJkoie Ulime mue J"A muchquoted thought, recorded by the pen of Victor Hugo, has come down the years for our pondering: "There

JANUARY, 1945.:

and affecting us is based partly on what they know of us by firsthand knowledge, and partly on what the records show. Every man who enters the armed forces Editorials of his country carries with him wherever he goes a

record of his military conduct in all its phases, which all qualifies him. student decisions concerning Every v->ook& Arnd the \Jpened Were carry of with his record him wherever must a transcript

there kept shall be a record ""Dehold, among you...."activities. further to pursue academic he goes

** (D.SC.21:1.) The beginning of the new year is the traditional time

This revelation was received by the Prophet Joseph for beginning new records. The priesthood quorums of

Smith on April 6, 1830. It is vitally significant that on the Church, in accordance with the recommendations

the very day the Church was organized, the question of of the Melchizedek Priesthood committee acting under recordkeeping was made a matter of commandment. the direction of the quorum of the Twelve and the First

There were many other matters of instruction for which Presidency, have been asked to begin a new system of the Church had to wait for a later time, but the inrecord keeping and reporting for those holding the structions to keep records was immediate, which would priesthood. The effectiveness and usefulness of these

seem to give some indication of the importance which reports will depend upon the faithfulness and accuracy the Lord places upon records. of those who keep the records. If the records are inAlso, from a revelation given November 27, 1 832, at complete, conclusions and future actions based on those

Kirtland, Ohio, we read: conclusions, may be necessarily incomplete. If the recfindings interpret inaccurate, of those are the ords who

It is clerk, the of the to Lord's appointed, duty he has whom the they recommendations records, make the and may history, general of all a record a things that church keep and likewise future, for the be inaccurate. may

... in transpire Zion.

And also their manner of life, their faith, and works.... Those who keep the records of this Church have a

And they who are of the high Priesthood, whose names are sacred trust, one which was imposed by the Lord himnot found written in the book of the law, or that are found to self. And it is vitally important that everyone who is

have apostatized, or to have been cut off from the church, charged with record keeping be diligent and faithful, as well as the lesser priesthood, or the members, in that day as to personal records, family records, class records, find inheritance shall the not an among (Italics ours.) High.... (D. 85:1, 2, 11.) C. & saints of the Most quorumords—whateverrecords, theirand wardprivateandorstakeofficialand capacitygeneral recand

Later, in section 1 28 this appears responsibilities, for it is written:

Whatsoever you record on earth shall be recorded in And I saw the dead, small and great, stand before God; and

heaven... the books were opened: and another book was opened, which

life: those is dead judged of were out of and the the book that doctrine very seem bold to be to some a It may we talk

their in to the written books, things according were which records earth or binds which power binds and on of—a in works. 20:12.) (Rev. in all the Nevertheless, of heaven. the world, ages whenever

Lord has given a dispensation of the priesthood to any man And again, let all the records be had in order,... to be held

by actual revelation, or any set of men, this power has always in remembrance from generation to generation, saith the Lord been given. Hence, whatsoever those men did in authority, of Hosts. ( D.GC. 127:9.)

it the in truly the faithfully, of did Lord, and name and and—R. L. E.

it proper kept record faithful a the and same, became a of law on earth and in heaven, and could not be annulled, according to the decrees of the great Jehovah. This is a faithful saying. Iffew IJear'd lAJiik

Who can hear it? (D. & C. 128:8, 9.) (Italics ours.)

Probably no season of the year has more of promise

From the earliest of times our Father in heaven has *"than the New Year, for it seems to exert a kind of commanded his children to keep records of all their magical influence that makes the wishedfor, a reality, doings, and especially of their official acts in relation and the dreamedof, a fact. Resolutions at this season

to his works and ordinances, and of their lives as it of the year seem easy of accomplishment; and their

may concern their obedience and faithfulness to the mere statement seems to assure their realization. In

principles of the gospel. The statement that "whatsomany ways, this quality of being able to live in dreams

ever shall be recorded on earth, shall be recorded in is a virtue. Shakespeare said, 'We are such stuff as

heaven,"is one which no man may ignore. The testidreams are made on,"and truly dreams shape life, inmony of witnesses and of records will assuredly play dividually and collectively, for the dream of what is to

an important part in the judgments to come, both here be must always precede reality.

and hereafter. Today the world needs dreams; and the time has

There are many other scriptural evidences available arrived when the dream of peace, which has persisted to the Latterday Saints of the prime importance of since the world began, should become a fact. This esperecords, both in the plans and purposes of God and in cial dream is a peculiar one: it cannot be dreamed by

the lives of his children. It may be recalled that the one person alone; it must be dreamed by all people

Lord sent Nephi and his brothers back to Jerusalem to everywhere. It must be accepted as the best possible

risk their lives for the purpose of obtaining a record way of life by all folk regardless of race or color or of their fathers in order that a nation would not creed, regardless of nationality.

"dwindle and perish in unbelief."A fitting New Year's wish for this and every year

It is by records that we are linked with the past. It would be that mothers throughout the world accept this

is by the keeping of records by faithful and inspired men dream of peace, and labor to instill into their young that we have our scripture of the eternal truths of life. folk the necessity of making this dream a reality in their

It is by the keeping of records that we may pass on the lifetime. It is time that motners of the world, in addition

experiences of all time from one generation to another, to bearing children, should indoctrinate them with a that we may know the mistakes of history, that we may love of their fellow men and a desire for peace that will know the errors into which other men have fallen and make the connivings of selfish men impossible. Mothers

so avoid them ourselves—if the records have been faithof men can teach the ways of peace in their own homes,

fully kept, and if we are wise enough to give heed to at their own firesides.

the records. This New Year's wish is that throughout the years

Every man faces his own record in life. Every posiahead the dream of peace may become a reality—a way

tion, every appointment, every decision made by others of life, as the Savior taught so long ago.-—M. C. J,

28 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the inadequacy of this explanation, seek refuge in the doctrine that the "souls"of men began their existence as lower animals, and then they add that "in the lower Evidences and kingdoms consciousness evolves in the mass,... as these

. continually divide develop, they souls slowly group

1 Finally, process mysterious subdivide.". some. by and reconciliations "soul"animals, subdivisions these of the acquire a mass,

and become human beings. All of which is merely saying

that there is an "ocean of consciousness,"out of which

IxxxuiiL l/l/hu U relncamation a God dips individuals.

Contrast these feeble, lame, and incomprehensible praise dJoctrine f explanations with the true doctrine of preexistence, as taught in the gospel of Jesus Christ. The spirit of

Reincarnation, often known as metapsychosis, is an man is coeternal with God. In the eternities before

A ancient doctrine. It dates from the earliest corruphe came on earth he has been a personality, possessing

tion of truth, from the very dawn of human history, the power to think and learn, to accept or reject the when mankind first departed from the simple principles means by which he could ascend or descend, progress of the gospel. In some form it has existed at all times or retrograde. He has been himself from the endless

in all lands. It is an excellent example of the distortion beginning through all the waiting eternities.

of beautiful, fundamental truths. Reincarnation rests upon an unsound foundation;

Reincarnation, as commonly taught, means that the hence is dangerous, and should be avoided.

spirit or "soul"of a human being, after the death of The conditions of reincarnation by which the imthe person, and after intervals of varying duration, mortal "soul"may progress are equally unacceptable.

returns to earth in another body. This may occur fre- "Reincarnation... is a plan whereby imperishable conquently, indeed may be a continuous, unending process. scious beings are supplied with physical bodies apUsually it is taught that the spirit inhabits from time propriate to their stage of growth and through which

physical lessons of with the in contact can they is, come species. the spirit time bodies to That of the same

endlessly. life."2 is repeated of bodies supplying This as as a man; will reappear on earth of a a woman man

a woman; a human being as a human being. This may By this doctrine, the body of man is of little consenot, however, always be the case. Many believers in quence. We take it on, cast it off, and put on another

reincarnation hold that a "soul"which is a man today, one, much as we do with our old suits of clothing. The

may be a woman tomorrow, or vice versa. It is also "soul"of man is then really confined to this earth as

often taught that the spirit of a man may in the next in a prison. Why this should be so, baffles the mind.

earthly incarnation, inhabit the body of a lower animal, His sojourn between incarnations can be of no value say a dog or a cat. There is not full agreement among to him, since he must return to earth in a mortal body

reincarnationists on many of these matters. to gain further experience. He is of the earth, earthy.

Under this doctrine our nextdoor neighbor may be He cannot in reality go beyond the earth or physical the reincarnation of a man or a woman who lived cenexperiences. Therefore, an infinity of experiences are

turies ago; our bootblack may be the reincarnation of beyond his reach. The universe is not his. Such an

one of the great philosophers of the past; our schooleternal "soul"demands a vaster area of understanding

teacher may have been an untutored savage a thousand and action than the earthly life affords. There is no

years ago; our present dog, Sanko, may be nothing freedom in reincarnation.

else than our dog, Fido, long since dead in a more Reincarnation fails utterly to comprehend the meanrecent incarnation. And what is worse, the animating ing of the human body.

essence, the "soul,"of Sanko, may be the former "soul"The gospel of Jesus Christ declares that man, an of a Newton, or a Galileo, or a Plato! Or, the wife who eternal spirit, acquainted with the spiritual world, came

cooks our meals for us, may have been in an earlier upon the earth when he was fitted and permitted to reincarnation, the Queen of Sheba. Or, still more to our become acquainted with the material world. To this

confusion, a man's wife might have been his husband end he was given a body of material elements. This

when he was a woman in an earlier reincarnation. body belongs to him eternally, to be used by him, in a

Three doctrines lie at the foundation of belief in repurified form, in his endless progressive journey among incarnation. First, the preexistence of the "soul"of spiritual and material realities. He does not need anman; second, the indestructibility of the "soul"of man other. It is a sacred possession, the home of his eternal

after death; and, third, the possibility of constant despirit. With it, composed of celestialized material elevelopment of the preexistent, eternal "soul."These ments, he may forever explore the universe, in all its

are all necessary doctrines to the thinking mind. They aspects, even to the limits of eternity. Without such a

are supported by divine revelation. But in the explanabody, the immortal spirit would be handicapped in its

tions and applications of these truths, the proponents victorious progress, in the midst of universal elements, of reincarnation have failed dismally, and have shown towards the likeness of God. Reincarnation has gone

how the semblance of truth, becoming untruth, may lead far afield to explain that which the Lord has made clear men into vast fields of deception. to the human mind.

The basic doctrine of preexistence is always preThe doctrine of reincarnation really destroys personsented in an incomplete form. Clearly, if the "soul"of ality as connected with earth life. The perpetual pasman has occupied from time to time successive and sage of spirits from body to body on earth, implies that

distinct bodies, birth cannot be the beginning of his the Lord is using the earth as a playground for a few "soul."There must be existence before each successive spirits. As one writer remarks, the soul of the ancient

embodiment. patriarch Seth was probably the spirit of the great

But what about the first incarnation? prophet Moses. Thus, individuality on the earth is lost.

One group sidestep the question by saying that before Temporal identification is hopelessly confused. There

the first appearance on earth, God created the "soul."is no end to the disorder, for the process of reincarnaThat merely means that after all, the spirit is not really tion is unending. That violates the innate desire, even

eternal. Since it began on earth, it may end with the {Concluded on page 55)

earth. hooper, Reincarnation, p. 48

Another group of believers in reincarnation, sensing Ibid., p. 17

JANUARY. 1945 29

o\\e(c(ii3 ei eFPriest(woA SMITH, FIELDING OF THE TWELVE—JOSEPH OF THE COUNCIL COMMITTEE PRIESTHOOD MELCHIZEDEK BY THECONDUCTED CLIFFORD THOMAS E. MCKAY, ROMNEY, MARION G. BENSON, EZRA TAFT A. CALLIS, HAROLD B. LEE, CHARLES CHAIRMAN;

E. YOUNG, ALMA SONNE, NICHOLAS G. SMITH, LEVI EDGAR YOUNG, ANTOINE R. IVINS, RUFUS K. HARDY

Confidential Annual Reports generalmittee ofMelchizedekthe Council Priesthoodof Twelve comand to Maystudywecarefullyagain urgethe stakeinstructionscommitteeswith atbefore officers group ofand quorum quorum Priesthood of the Melchizedek a supply 15, 1944, December(\n of the new of any the use tempting stakes in the leaders ficers group and report confidential annual newV'will study preliminary Such forms. Melchizedek stake the through will be presiall stake to mailed wereforms officers and priesthood of time the gensave has which committee Priesthood dissufficient for quantities indencies the of and value accuracy the increase Melchizedek of direction stake eral Priesthood all Melchizedektribution to

Priesthood work. reports.

CORRECTION Through an inadvertence, referMelchizedek Priesthood Outline of Study, February, 1945 ence to Alma (Book of Mormon) Text: The Gospel Kingdom: Selections from the

item 11, Part Two of the Confidential Writings and Discourses of John Taylor

Annual Report should read Alma 34:

1827. a as kingdom God's reconciling of task 5253 LESSONS earth, with believers on of society human of God Kingdom Idea the of been The presidencies in which the have ofquorums. Stake institutions age social the of Theory Topics: 205216. Text: pp. A reeffects is restored. These distribution promptly, to the kingdomUrged make Concept. MorChristian Government. A chapter later. This treatment larger ceive Priesthood stake Melchizedekthrough Priesthood: The Political Thought. mon President Taypresenting is with concerned officers. to allcommittees, quorum of God. the of Kingdom A Government the of the of meaning outlines lor's broad Taylor's I It will time in more and result Spiritual save Kingdom. John or Literal

kingdom. Priestthe and of officers if Church Belief. Relation reportingaccurate quorum

is of relation "Zion"the Discuss: What the Peoof Role topic). The (major hood all in the instructions carefullyread signifiis the of the to God? What kingdom topic). ple (major to attemptingreport combefore forms at Adamondi- council great the of cance the in article December Suggestion: An to are reports the report.plete the These live under can we Ahman? "How the Church, and The 1944 "The War, Era, States and the United the of to mailed Counlaws and completed and dominionbe in fragmentary together brings Future"of the God?"of kingdom (p. subjects becil the South of 47 Twelve, TemEast materials source unusual of number form a answer Taylor President does 218.) How City, or Salt Street, Utah, onple Lake the of idea kingdom Saint Latterday the on of true is meaning the this question? What 1945. (con15, materialsbefore January other book and This of God. in States view the of United Constitution the works) doctrinal leading of Priesthood indices sult comthe Melchizedek Stake class (Instructors and this doctrine? of this for imbackground provide will help responsithe withmittees are charged carefully to read again advised leaders are the Doctrine to index subject. portant Thebility completion, asthe of directing remember and 218 footnotes the page on overlooked. not be should Covenants and reports. these mailingsembling, of and "outto attempts this merely that chapter teachfor every sourcebook It is standing a stake this of the to expedite In "meaning order work line"framework the major

er. contains Five call of to the of God."Book will wish kingdom doubtcommittees no is the discussion: for What Questions

details.) the of discussion larger the officers or together promptlyquorum of the for God? kingdom government of form

in to give direction order and visit them compare with how does it, How would, the LESSON 55 (reprethis important republican to work. monarchial,impetus patriarchal,

The instructions should be detached sentative ), dicatorial forms? How does The Role and Purpose of the Church

and kept in quorum files and the single Mormon political thought "differ from the Text: pp. 221224. Topics: To Build

of governthe Lord's form 206.) Does (p. of the Latter Days. The the Zionpage report mailed to Salt Lake City. world"?

exist of the Kingthe now God kingdom Temporal. ment for To Establish on Work

the earth? What is the relation of the kingdom of God. Another Mission of the Church: Distribution of the New dom of God to the Church of Jesus Christ To Perpetuate the Liberty and Rights of

Melchizedek Priesthood of"theLatterdaypeople"in Saints?the kingdomWhatof isGod?the role(Note:of Man.ficers. TheCallingWorkof theof God.Ministry.Respect for OfSupplies The questions of Churchstate relationships, Discuss: "A great amount of the work

of the relation of the "kingdom of God"to the Lord is going to accomplish is generally

All Melchizedek Priesthood group American government and to the political called temporal.... That is, the government,

will be treated world, of affairs direction among of the modern systems laws, and general supplies mailed will be and quorumf statelessons. fallen under in subsequent that are An important the nations not now the presidencies Melfrom to stake

Wilford this President subject will to be the by Almighty, have control of on the of the ment Committee chizedek Priesthood countersigned in 1889, by under altered as to come Woodruff changed and the so for distribution of Council Twelve is quoted dictaTwelve, First Presidency and government, and control, entire his Priesthood Melchizedek through stake 1944, article, December the briefly in does respect."221.) Era in every tion (p. What

committees, of which a member of the referred to above, and in subsequent declarathis mean? When does a nation come under

stake presidency is chairman. The new tions by the Churchin-conference assemthe control of the Almighty? How? If the

Confidential Annual Report forms were bled.) mission of the Church is "to perpetuate the

mailed to stake presidencies Decemliberty and rights of man"as well as to ber 15, 1944. The rolls, reports, minLESSON 54 "establish the kingdom of God,"why has

ute books, etc., will follow as they come Effects of Establishing the the Mormon doctrine been unpopular in the

the in convincing succeeded God of past? Kingdom Have we press. the from perpetuate to that are working world of Effects we Es216-220. Some Text: pp. a within for quorums orders Future have rights of liberty man? the and What topic). (major The the tablishing Kingdom placed pooled and stake should be to fulfill doing, are done, now what we Syswe NationState the of and God Kingdom If in specommittee. stake the through lesforegoing the of In this mission? view the Constitution and tem. American The desire a committees cial cases stake for advanced reasons can be sons, what of and Church of Problems God. Kingdom

modification of this plan, they should State. The Future. respecting Church officers? (See p. 223.)

state their request in placing the order. One effect of the establishment of the And, from the standpoint given, what of the

Generally speaking, however, all corkingdom of God on earth, always noted, is "calling of the ministry"in the Church and respondence between the office of the persecution. With persecution comes the kingdom of God?

30 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA to train our boys to be clean, capable,

NO FOURTH QUARTER NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO lovable,be done andby keepingrighteous.themThisawaycan frombest

REPORTS COLUMN army environment when war no longer

Conducted by makes it necessary for the boys to be

HPhe printing labor and materials Dr. Joseph F. Mervill there.

shortage continues acute. In

order to relieve this situation Are We Alive and Energetic?

somewhat and give quorum ofShall We Have Military Conscription? Cix years have passed since we began

ficers added time to complete their HThe radio and newspapers have an- r a special campaign by direction of surveys and Confidential Annual nounced that the president has recthe First Presidency to teach our people

Reports there will be no quarterly ommended, at least suggested, that we total abstinence from the use of liquor group and quorum reports rehave military conscription after the curand tobacco and to win users of these quired for the fourth quarter of rent war for all our boys and call them narcotics to total abstinence. Of course

1944. This action will also hasten for one year into military training. Do the Church had been teaching the Word

somewhat the completion of the you who have heard or read of this of Wisdom to its members and the printing of the new 1945 quorum approve the recommendation? There is world for more than a hundred years

rolls, reports, minutes books, etc., so much involved in this proposition and is still doing it. All Church memwhich have been in course of that this column believes you should bers know, therefore, that indulgence in

printing since midNovember. give the question careful study and the use of alcoholic beverages, tobacco,

make a decision concerning it. as well as other narcotics, is contrary to

Would this year of training contribthe doctrines of the Church. But so

pracin worldly to engage are prone we spiritual social, moral, the to ute and Regarding Answers andQuestions spefelt Presidency First tices that the it fail in If the should of boy? good Roll and Melchizedekthe New our among efforts be should cial made respects, should of these we one any BooksReport toliquor of and the use against people it? obfew us a Let make oppose the not to have intent it 1: Is the Question bacco. servations. report roll and Priesthood Melchizedeknew the to Prophet In revelation the Jois the country of sentiment now The Church? of the missions the in usedforms of the as Smith, seph Word known kind of in favor overwhelmingly some books report: roll 1 and new The Answer toliquor said and the Lord Wisdom, shall setup that missions, of understanding and in the for use intended notare

did for man. not are good bacco He quoPriesthood another likelihood of the eliminate Melchizedek for onlybut

rums in the stakes. It is not recommended world war during the lifetime of people not tell us why. No general gives his

that Melchizedek Priesthood quorums be now living. Then why go to the enormen the reasons for his orders. It is

missions. orders. the in the toorganized for them know enough for somepreparing of expense to mous continue quorums 2: Should suffer Question or to obey, expected are They if in will that thing not But happen? or has system card record individual theuse But of disobedience. consequences the it the future, happen, distant does the discontinued?it been given of was since the Wisdom Word then used equipment and methods will which instructions 2: The Answer out found has 1833, in February man those obsolete emrender would Report now Annual Confidential theaccompany

for not are good liquor tobacco and why record, folly waste the the state, ployed. will and Hence "No mailed beingnow

except for the confidential use of the quorum of continuing training in this generation. man. Hence revelation and science

presidency, outside of this report, should be But more important things than waste agree on this matter.

identify any will memjoy the Saints which have the evidencein Latterday So for the are involved of money boy—his use The made."answers the that withber divine human, of and knowledge, spiritual That's good. and moral why

is optional cards record individual theof it them, of for impossible any makes this in column. the of matter speak we presidencies. quorumwith faith in the memany weak howsoever the encourage of practices army The group quarterly 3: new The Question effects of the bad be, to deny ber may and discourage smoking rather than of the call number for reportsand quorum these tobacco. liquor either or Among beer. of drinking, especially at weekly What (in person) presentmembers

faith. is of deterioration effects So a live excused his to the Saint also number wants boy Latterday andmeetings,

from weekly meetings because of other in an environment devoid of influences we say the cigaret is a faith killer, an meetpriesthood willing the all during be should effect that workers work influChurch of total of abstinence—devoid mison members away including hour, pretheir ining to power anything to do foul lanthat profanity and ban

bishopric the of members shouldsions. How vent. that not influences of do encesguage—devoid members, Priesthood Melchizedek otherand priestall is call to the made Hence in rectitude chastity moral uphold and adPriesthood Aaronic as acting arewho Aaronic, officers, and Melchizedek hood to teach military matters? sex how The they in case credited teachers, be orvisors of winning the to work forward push selfdiseases, not social but priestavoid the of exercises opening theattend

hood meeting, but do not attend the weekly control and personal purity. Indulge if addict members to total abstinence. The

Melchizedek group or quorum meetings? you will, but submit to treatment immethod, does someone ask? The anall working by method used and others Bishoprics 3: Answer afterwards is the military atmediately swer is easy—the

the during Priesthood perthat of Aaronic the of the Church, missionarieswith titude.

will hour meeting PriesthoodMelchizedek to this contact. But method sonal spiritual highly the Again, be k we in the Aaronic attendance for credit givenbe characterized by successful be must our great teachcommandment—love atsecond of record roll books. ThePriesthood persistence, tact, swmpathy, as family) (the we wisdom, neighbors human Priesthood memMelchizedek oftendance the helping (and faith. Lord and The therefore, believe, ourselves. love quorum the in We group and is recordedbers

his all help) of will worthy help living Lord of in brotherhood the assembly general in any not andmeetings, man—in

of the ward priesthood. Only those should the golden rule in all our associations the job can be done in the great majorbe given credit for attendance who attend with our fellows. We hate war and all ity of cases of quorum members. But

the weekly group and quorum meetings. its evils. War is destructive of all our usually it will be a delicate if not a hard

Questions 2, 4 and 5 on the quarterly group spiritual aspirations and ideals. Hence, job. Let no worker be discouraged.

obtain to totaled are reports and quorum fail those to in officer his duty Let no for no our boys when prepare war why acactive and of members item 6 "Number to as unfortunate so been have will cross the sight? is in who war We objective the is primary It for."notcounted drinking or the it. smoking acquired the In if have get to bridge and when we the weekly attending all members to show intermittent. or regular habit, can let everything us do we meantime, to objective is It the primary meetings.

show all members active and accounted for.

the quaron 9 4: Question No. Question

officers. not should Credit or quorum group or quorum the group from assignment direct for the asks reports quorum terly and group

to letters written for memquorum taken be officer? corfrom home of members awaynumber

or the quorum. outside group bers persons by be groups or 4: may Quorums the Answer during officers group with by responded

is scattered 5: stake very Question Our written letters members for credit by given officer or quorum a group quarter. Must

far as extending wards with and branches to members away the quorum of quorum credit personally, can letters or these write be taken for letters written by others upon from home if done under the direction of {Concluded on page 32)

JANUARY, 1945 31. )

LEARNING TO THINK

By MabelRuth Jackson

"VTaiting at a railway station, I be- * v came interested in watching a Hjtneaiogy small girl and her father. The child

the steel many questions—about

tracks, the clouds, the distant mountainsLetter to Stake Chairmen libraryas one ofis therapidlyprincipalbecomingsourcesrecognizedfor genasked to question -from one another—passing ealogical research in America. StakeP\ear Chairman:

if that rapidly so she I doubted wereLy research Our department has been 21, the 1944, November GenOn listening to the father answers. did Her augmented researchers and have newealogical Society reinof Utah was her not off but put each quesanswered training. given been regular a of period forcorporated years one hundred under carefully. tion

are to give equipped prompt Theythe now of the Genealogical name Society tired standing!"I'm cried "Oh, she

efficient service and research orders on theof of of Christ Church LatterJesus sit off darted to abruptly and on down

It is placed Society. the recwith our Saints. Firstday rePresidency The step the side of a closed buildof a door

all that in research the unommendationappointed Fielding Elder Smith Joseph freight. ing for used she But jumped up sent occupied countries European be president,as the of and board same in hurry. a

Society. through ourdirectors in office. continued was hurt!"resentexclaimed she "That

at the One amendment time made of Sincerely brethren, your step. at the turned to look fully and An

interest. is of generalchange more No strip of iron Fielding small with Smith, oblong studded Joseph

life or annual memberships are to be President blunt spikes had been screwed on the granted in the Society. Instead, all memArchibald F. Bennett, top, covering it completely.

bers of the of good moral Church there, standSecretary that did they put Dad- "Why ing others and character moral of good father, of her dy?"she demanded who

may use, subject to the rules of the Sohid an amused smile.

ciety, other any belongbook or record did?"think they he do you "Why Priesthood Melchizedeking library. to the counterquestioned. Concluded page from 3 1 directors of board The recomnow again. turned and looked She "Well, thirtyfive miles stake one hundred( from that the membership ofmends tell I can't think she said. why,""You your asheadquarters. distant of these wards Manystake increased to include committee be me, Daddy."it difficult find to attend priesthood monthly

a secretary and also a stake supervisor quorum and priesthood leadership meetings. "That's one question you can answer

of baptisms ( a position which can usuWill our new quarterly reports reflect such yourself if you try hard enough, Anne,"ally be filled most acceptably by a conditions? he said. "From now on, I'm not going

woman ) Answer 5: A number of the stakes in the to answer any questions you can find

scattered are area. Church over a wide The instructions, previous Superseding the yourself."to answers

reports to reflect are the intended actual conis definitely asteachinghome now I didn't that see could she know ditions at as to the the various attendance stakesigned to committees and ward It that liked not. she or wasn't whether priesthood. of interpreting meetings In the responsibilities, theiras of major one to to her put easy as brain so own work the reports will consideration to given be

fostering organizing thealong with and it. it let to was do "Daddy"affect unusual conditions the which may

of temple work, research and record showing in each of the respective stakes. It "Please tell me, Daddy,"she teased.

keeping and the formation of family oris not practical in the quarterly reports to "I'll help you a little,"he offered.

ganizations. Please take steps to see attempt a reflection of the peculiar condi- "Now when you sat down there, youthat this helpful activity is initiated in tions in each stake. stood up again quickly—

6: In stakes with Question and quorums stake, ofevery one with your ward in, shining, she her broke eyes "Oh,"

scattered, the of groups widely a problem definitely ascommittee of eachmember sit didn't there!"to "they want me personal with interview each quorum memthis All jurisdictionsigned over work. it exactly,"'father "That's her anber burdensome. somewhat becomes you Do should of the committeemembers ward smiling. swered, this in to offer suggestions regard? have any

in visparticipate these teaching home don't to "But people they want why 6: in Beginning 1945 quorum Answer

its and give direct assistance to ward presidencies will have a much longer period sit there?"came the inevitable question.

members in preparing their family to complete their annual survey. This year "Why does Mother sometimes shoo

group sheets and pedigree charts, and the time has been limited because the anyou out of the kitchen when she's getin providing them with guidance in the nouncement of the new program was not ting a big meal?"

until conference. the of October made Many research. of phaseselementary I in get "Because her way,"Anne

their quorums, prachowever, have work for closer urgent the Realizing need I—said. "Oh,

tically their officers in completed. Quorum general, stakecontact and between train in didn't then the Just and I came visits to the branches wards might and to hold are planning workers,ward we set incident the individually, to but interview, well hear more, arrange those any me

a limited number of meetings with in attendance at the quorum or group meetto thinking.

that are within stakes fromgroups conings. presidencies, of particularly Quorum that see children exerour have We distancevenient travel a chosen from priests the use, high for this quorums, may their to strong, muscles make grow

... tactful only, to cisecenter. year leaders group and wise

to but attention do we pay how much assist personal interviews. with the for the guidpreparing, also are We their process of strengthening mental 7: Question be done in case the What should all, circulars of instructions on ofance

instructive read growth? them interthe not does complete some quorum We duties temple ofthe organization and

first stories try their their to of questions of the view and answer members by 100% relacommittees, our genealogicaland is confidential the report annual 1945 intelligently, when not but sometimes do we totionship the GeneaSchool Sunday to suffer the in the be made? quorum Must that, forget primarily, education should detailed Class,logical Training and officers percentage of the one shown when to mental be sharpen a whetstone acpreparation the andsuggestions on fails to the interviews? complete tivities, to think children to teach for for sheets in family of 7: groupsending suffers quorum Answer when Any themselves?

fail officers their to redischarge involved. quorum problemstemple and work

Recently our library was given the sponsibilities. The report should reflect acopportunity to make copies of unprinted curately the number of quorum members Era, page 776, states, "All supplies will be

transcripts of marriages from about actually interviewed personally to obtain the mailed to the chairmen of the stake Melin for report. called the information Priesthood chizedek In committees."order also parishes. have English350 We 8: distribution Will to Question obviate changes in stake of quorum chairmen through our to purchase and able to addbeen roll directly to stake and report reorganizations be books reasons, other made and for

library during the past year or two a quorums and groups or through the stake supplies will be mailed to the chairmen of considerable number of valuable family Melchizedek Priesthood committee? the stake Melchizedek Priesthood commitgenealogies and place records. Our Answer 8: The December Improvement tees through the respective stake presidents.

32 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Xaroviic H?riest(too6

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

LEADERSHIP WARD BOY yjoudtpL Spsmk&u STANDARD QUORUM AWARD OUTLINE OF STUDYCOMMITTEE

FOR 1944 FEBRUARY 1945 Application blanks for the Text: HOW TO WIN BOYS Standard Quorum Award

Chapter XXVI: The Great Objective and for the Individual Certificate

of Award will be sent to bishops

Quotations [torn the Text: and stake chairmen only on re

SHIRLEY are timid about person'to you 1. So who MILES quest.A new application form is behere boys, adwith is sound at work

vice. It is the wisdom of the ages and ing used for 1945. Any old forms

merely is coming to you through a very on hand should be destroyed.

human agency. Ask a boy what he Stake and ward committees are

thinks Jesus would want him to do. If urged to make every possible efhe, in turn, is also timid, merely direct fort to see that no deserving quohis thinking. rum, group, or boy, is overlooked

2. person, that fine young So here is an PRIESTHOOD'S BLESSINGS TO in these award programs. religious. immature boy. Natively he is

But he fears to seem pious. He fears WOMANHOOD

any suggestion of the "goodygoody."

He is no faker. His young heart over- (Address delivered during the the vessels of the Lord."To L.D.S.

flows. His breath comes in short gasps Carbon Stake quarterly conferyoung people this is as the sun which

at every invitation given in the church ence. ) lights our days. It is a thought that

service. to wants he knows what He the greet each with morning us should

earth, the the shines upon sun start Then quite to doesn't VI and do know how us sun, rising with of the stay and "it. doing it its equally casts rays warming person day. each young throughout A into behe and Will grow manhood brightening both and women, upon men life in clean his being guides who forces worldly hardened and come by light their giving and them days and soul, in to heart, be mind, and enough feel the of vicious deurge and new sustenance. and warmth the truly found has of servant a sires God Christl without

it is Like priesthood. the with Thus right path. find will formed. him Manhood Manall its to blesskigs out sun, reach the in will his see setup mental hood much in order that knows boy Mormon A the Church, of and men members womfaith the of Friends innocent gone. is expected priesthood, the he to hold

it brightens sun, alike. like the en will of proved And have untrue—some of the gospel the and laws abide to by feel selfish of the He'll light grasp them. gives us and and our warmth days

this accepts of the Wisdom. He Word He'll of the victim moneygetting. be sort. spiritual of sustenance a and

to himto responsibility his and as God of one propathousand forms and a life, find as through For walk we we it is girl, a purely self. L.D.S. an With the the bad. ganda, both good and standard, that some have must some we heart, his into will her lives of looking touched have and matter own Other to set of principles guiding which by

left their their his soul or beauty for upon reasons which the there finding and if It lives. is as our the govern order of stains. standards. these she same keeps in early bemorning the started out we 3. his Christ another for and boy Save the opportunity girl has L.D.S. is An sunrise, the earth fore the when after passes, every youth work! For spiritually, socially, mingle to each day the path. for darkest, searching a With life his in will decision be major made of the kind intellectually, with and the see rising sun, the able to are of we difficulty. great with

husbe worthy men who will feet. young set to our correct which road upon -4. "/ all Christ things through can do fathers. young These memand bands privileged it is are those with So who strengtheneth me."which

the highest of are the priesthood bers of or those priesthood, with the bear is is the to answer. the There There

nation and the of young men in to order its blessings. in heart's look solution share to any problem in any who We

girl as- L.D.S. an world. in the When to boyhood! approach there it for guide in life; and our we

5. You and I, as teachers, or wouldbe find the standards for which we are sociates with them, she is standing full

leaders, are rather powerless. But by searching, the light which shows us the in the light of the sun. It is then that

the divine plan of the Creator, our way to go. she may see and understand why she

to linked talent prayer through small in heart as if clean and pure be as must the have people had who To young of the can powerhouse an Almighty priesthood of the member a she were light the in the live of to opportunity miracles! actually perform human herself. life priesthood, a has the gospel and of

Helps for the Class Leader: different meaning. An L.D.S. boy who The blessings of the priesthood to

then, are many: young womanhood girl priesthood, or L.D.S. the an holds

Objective,"chapter, has Great This "The with associating is of the blessing There the of associates with members who is lessons. in treated There much twobeen of and of highest type manhood the it is priesthood, what knows and who of the in for thoughtfood this summary principles. their There guided being by spirit to understand and a clean to have for over studying two been havebook we

that she of may blessing is knowing the is set apart Lord, of teachings the theyears.

In addition to the quotations above, refrom youth who are denied these great always find understanding and helpfulview this final chapter and give to your blessings. ness in these young men, and of knowclass a full picture of their responsibilities God has said, "Be ye clean that bear ing that she need look no further than

in the work of teaching boys. Why do we her daily associations with them for

time with our young so men?spend much is the fulfilment. There happiness and Note: them? concerned about are so muchWhy we the to share able being of blessing great

will lessons be based increase of upon the should measure The succeeding weWhy walking uplift of spiritual the joys and this of the chapters interests? book. their to oftalent time devoted review The and a through of servants these God the of future spiritual meetings class sights for the lessons of boy beside ward your Raise

members. You have a glorious opportunity leadership committee will be published each time and throughout all eternity in the

to make this an outstanding lesson. month as in the past. sunlight of purity and righteousness.

JANUARY, 1945 33

")orr5 Racking CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

WARD TEACHERS'MESSAGE "The teacher s duty is to watch over the church always, and be with and strengthen them; 'T'he Ward Teachers'Message

"And see that there is no iniquity in the church, neither hardness with each for January 1945 is "The other, neither lying, backbiting, nor evil speaking; New Year and Repentance,"and

"And see that the church meet together often, and also see that all the memwasment publishedEra for Decemberin The 1944.ImproveThe

bers do their duty."(D. & C. 20:5355.) message for February will be

"BE WITH AND STRENGTHEN THEM"publishedmonth. in the Era for the same

HpHE Lord was speaking when the init is hoped they are, but it is believed This change in publication time

A junction "be with and strengthen they may stimulate some good thinking will bring the announcement of enterthe of teachers part who duties of on may in the into the included the message month durthem"—was

visit tain notion that a the once it is a ing discussed he referring? which to bethe by whom was teacher. To

Whom is the teacher to "be with"? month is ward teaching. the ward teachers.

Whom is the teacher to "strengthen"? It requires only a little thought to The leaflets will be sent in the

"Them"refers to "the Church"as know that the Lord expects ward teachfuture as they have been in the stipulated in a preceding injunction reers to "be with and strengthen them"past.

corded in the same verse of this revelawhenever they need strength. It retion. (Doc. & Cov. 20:53.) "The quires even less thought to know that

Church"to a ward teacher, therefore, weaknesses, sorrow, and unfortunate at any overtake men Officer Mr. Church

'strengthen them,"we page 2 1 ( Concluded fromiswhom"them"he oris responsiblethe family orto familiesthe bishop.for time.circumstancesReally tomay

Knowing whom the teacher is to "be must be "with them"when they need in unison and marched out as soldiers.

with"and whom he is to "strengthen"us. Belated assistance, when the need In fact, the entire program was so oris one thing, but knowing when he is to has passed, excuses not the slothful. derly, and each one fitted his place in

perform these duties is the purpose of What greater assignment, what the program so well that the visitor was these suggestions. greater call, can come to man than to astounded. How did that teacher do it?

Having a perfect knowledge of hu- "be with and strengthen"the discourThe visitor was going to find out. After

man nature our Lord knows that we aged, the bereaved, the sick, the dismissal he accosted one of the boys are all subject to weaknesses. He recmaimed, the lonely, the inactive. What of this unusual group of children where

ognizes that sometimes we are strong greater satisfaction than to give such he had been visiting. Asked he, "How

and confident and that at other times we strength and sustenance when it is did all you boys and girls know when are weak and need support. Those needed? to arise? How did you all know so

moments when we are weak and have well when to march?"Then came the

need of strength are his greatest conIn your visits have you so endeared answer, "Didn't you see the teacher's cern for us. yourself to the Saints that when they thumb signal us?"

He knows the deterrent influence of need comfort, assistance, or encourage-—i

temptation, of discouragement. instinctively and think of they He ment,

loneliness the of bereaveknows that how could you A Mormon Wife and wish know somehow you ment frequently leaves the mind disthey were needing you and that they (Concluded from page 17) armed against Lucifer's subtle suggeswould appreciate your call? If they deMany and many a time they walked

tion of injustice. He knows how the sire that you speak at the funeral servthe three blocks from the Cannon home

pinch of poverty, the children's cry for ice of a member of the family, does the to the depot and came back, dragging bread or their plea for clothing, may bishop have to bring you the word, or between them a five gallon can of milk distort men's notions of where right are you there in person to offer your which their father had sent to help out ends and wrong begins. He knows how condolence and to hear their request? with their board. Although the "big

a thoughtless act or the deadly tongue If there is a "shutin"among your memhouse,"as they called it, boasted a pump of gossip may destroy righteous ambibers, doyou call frequently to cheer him in the yard, the water was somewhat tion in the hearts of men. Yes, he knows along? Thirty days between "messages"brackish; so in order to get fresh water

all the tricks in Satan's catalog. He from the ward teacher whom they love for drinking, it was necessary to scramknows full well how great is Lucifer's is a long time to wait. How long since ble down the bank of City Creek, which

power to sell his devilish ideas to unyou, with the approval of your bishop, flowed past the home. In winter, the

suspecting souls in moments of weakadministered the sacrament to members sides of the stream were not only steep, ness. long detained at home through illness? but icy as well and sometimes our young

Does any ward teacher suppose that Think of all the times you could have ladies fell in. On such occasions Authese temptations and conditions hold helped "them"and then count the numgusta wrote: "No damage done, except

back their weighted influence during the ber of times you really did assist. What wet feet."

month and then burst upon a family just is your score? Do you have room for In reminiscent mood she tells that "we

when he decides it is time to make his improvement? The Lord will sustain never had ready money enough to pay

monthly visit? Does any ward teacher and bless you in any additional effort our board when we were going to

suppose that, if such things did happen, you make to increase the quality of school. We rented a room or went into

he could, by some magic sweep, cure your teaching. the home of friends. Father furnished

the month's accumulation of ills in the Only the ward teacher who is willing our food, and we all did the work.

few moments he spends with the family to "watch over the Church always"will When we had graduated and were real every thirty days? be in a position to "be with and professors, and got as much as fifty dolPerhaps some may think that such strengthen them"when they need lars a month salary, we could afford to

questions are quite unnecessary. Well, strength. pay for our board."

34 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

n Z2 n o n u.

The Ward Music Guild structionThis fundamentalcalls for a correspondingdifference in condif- putalto theand Cthesharpsoprano.of the tenor between the

is Truth,"191, Say, In No. What "O ference techniques in the used in Session Fourth played to be by will tenor have of the playmuch pianist ing instruments. these Every ( January previous hymn. the in as right hand, the

effort to achonest has an made who first full and tenor C-B-B; measure, (See Gerrit Jr., de Jong, By quire that technique""organ an knows the tenor full last the measure, where to next

Arts, College Dean of the of Fine is longsustained the a tone organ on no "Is.") the sings on word D

University, Brigham Young the actually Me,"responer than hold Hear Wilt key "Lord, 30, In Thou No. we

and Member of the General sible for it depressed. There is no suswe must play the soprano and alto parts

Music Committee taining pedal to prolong tones after the perfectly legato, to make them into a tenor bass and duet. flowing The smoothly finger lifted the key. has been from The discussed months ago'"Pwo we not (but nonlegato parts played should be only, important, the not tomost though

piece the offered in movegive certain order* gether to staccato!) which hymns pianist the for the item to changes who espebeauty. rhythmic Watch anddifficulties chorister. ment for the This month

is therefore, acquisition a the organ, of left the hand the cially where measure one certain discussing are problemswe is, legato; ability that the good and right. the the of help to has come particularly organist the concernwhich

habit of holding the the tone exact each of Strength the 118, "For In No. this his in assumption work.and The the at confused get its organists Hills,"calls length relative time most of value

is thatdiscussion the on work hymns line. scale the of second The beginning for.

chorister organist both anddone by parts bass in the soprano and passages It will that of the noted be most rest necessity close such coof onmust fact that both them. frighten probably The

is organist called to the upon profit middle the singoperation parts an music that each from same can alto and tenor C occasional discussion of specific probplay is really written for fourpart singfurther adds to the confusion. It is, of

lems of the other. ing. When the four parts have note course, sufficient to play this middle C with

Why Use the Organ? valuesall the moreof differingdifficultlengths,to play itabsolutelybecomes mostone handconvenientonly, withto playwhicheverit. hand it is

legato. But this proper sustaining of No. 127, "The Spirit of God Like a Fire,"

is often asked, question part tenor the places The why where a few has only until it the notes the should practiced be is, Itis right the hand. into generally use worked has to be recommended that we organist has the developed habit new of difficult to the of most hymns one however, inthe the our rather than piano organ in part. legato playing each (Concluded 45) on page is meetings. simworship answer The

is to theple: appropriate organ more Difficulties

a worship gathering. The organ was

actually born in the church; that is, it Let us consider a few of the hymns Marlborough Ward Choir

developed out of the attempts made to that are often pointed out by young or- ''"Pwentyeight singers comprised the improve the vocal music used in the ganists as being particularly difficult. * choir of Marlborough Ward, Granchurch. The objection to the use of the It will be observed that the difficulties ite Stake, when the choir was organized

organ because most of our Church muof these hymns are typical of those of in a new ward in September 1943. Tosicians are at present better pianists most of the other hymns frequently day there are fiftyfive members. This

than organists, is removed by having used. shows splendid activity in the period of

our pianists deliberately set out to beIn No. 167, in the Latterday Saint one year.

come good organists as well. Hymns, the wellknown "Praise to the This choir has produced three cantafind places tenor the where Man,"many we one, Christmas last being tas, a the Difference Important An parts the are within of bass not and reach Choir members Song."Nativity "The

left althe In hand. case such a must we they the of the telephone piano called Since keyboards are when by

first, for of the sure part bass and ways make similar, reheasal sacrament meetor a look athe organ miss somewhat many the bass part omitted never must be for any people assume that these two instrureason. The tenor part is then played by ing. A spirit of friendship and kindments are the same. They are not even the right hand, together with the alto and liness characterizes all the choir activiof the same general kind. The piano is soprano. (See, for instance, measures 5, 13, ties. A special fund is provided by the

a percussion instrument; that is, its tones and 29.) In measure 3 (and 11 and 27) it members for occasional social events.

are produced by hammers which strike is not possible to reach C sharp of the tenor Benjamin Bullough is director; Fred

strings. The organ, however, is a wind and add it to the righthand part below the E. Curtis, choir president. Althea Frealto. those it is better circumstances Under Irene to theinstrument, and Jacobson, more akin Thomson, Emhuman

tenor the to transpose and win an octave higher, are its tones Schreiner Stringham accombyvoice, and produces blowma ing. panists. Alexander Schreiner.

MARLBOROUGH WARD, GRANITE STAKE, CHOIR

JANUARY, 1945 Coofe Corner

Josephine B. Nichols

In very child is entitled to a hot school owing ** lunch. Does your child receive a

hot lunch noon which meets one third his dailyChristmas Cards and ingmostlyis out.satisfactory,Sometimesbutmachineusually washhand of requirements? food

recipes for a good hotSugar Sacks washingthe sacksgivesin a betterpan ofresults.cool waterNext, andput lunchMenusfollow:and

By Gladys Fuller Rasmussen bring to a boil. Boil a few minutes. Use

a bleach if desired. Rinse well, starch Fish Chowder

"\T7hat are you doing with your fivestiffly with cold starch, dry partly, and Carrot Strips Crackers and tenpound sugar sacks? And Apple Pudding

all those hundreds of lovely Christmas iron.Now you are ready to make your Milk

cards? You aren't putting them in the books. Take your sacks and sew them Baked Beans

furnace, are you? Well, don't! Because together with flat fell seams. Cut into Gelatin Vegetable Salad

out of the two you can make as clever strips twentyfour inches by fortyCorn Meal Muffins Butter

Orange see. a scrapbook to wish as you could least twelve eight inches. Plan on at Milk

isn't hospital crywhat children'sAnd book. to each pages, more if you wish,

ing for more scrapbooks for little folk? Fold lengthwise through the middle, Spaghetti Meat Casserole

It's an easy and pleasant job, too, then through the center. Next, bring Cooked Greens

Butter Whole Wheat Bread them.making center, this so past a little each edge Fruit Cookies it Canned Oatmeal First, the of course, the sacks, must be laps. well, Stitch and up down Milk

ripped open and the printing removed. center. This makes two leaves for each

strip of strong, double thickness leaves. Fish Chowder

Choose from your box of old Christ- 2 pounds fish, salmon, halibut, or cod 1 fish quart stock hot or water prettiest one the largest cards and mas salt pork cube it to suit. cover, trimming for the Fill 3-inch1 sliced onion,

the rest of the book, picking out the 1 teaspoon salt think most be would cards which you child, the using only pleasing to a picY1 tablespoonteaspoon pepperflour ture parts of them. 3 cups potatoes cut in %-inch cubes

You will be amazed at how attractive 1 cup hot milk this pickup scrapbook can be. Pic- 2 hardcooked eggs

tures cut from magazines can be used in Cut pork into small pieces, and try out.

the same way, just as satisfactorily. Add onion and fry five minutes.

Fold on dotted line: In bottom of stew pan arrange a layer

of fish; sprinkle with salt, pepper, and flour.

Arrange next a layer of potatoes; scatter

over with onions and pork. Pour hot fish

stock over this. Cook slowly for fortyfive

minutes. Add hot milk; slice hardcooked

eggs over top.

Bring a to b (a little past) and c to b (a little past): The Romance of Starch History Apple Pudding

Here's a bit of the romantic history 2 cups enriched flour of the starch you use each week and 2 teaspoons baking powder salt teaspoon Yi granted. so take much for shortening cup J4 Plasvan der Mistress Dingham A milk cup Ya to over brought Fleming, sen, a was butter softened 2 tablespoons

to teach publicly in 1564 London firmly cup packed brown sugar the Yi

Then stitch up and down on b: of laundry "professor 1 as art of starching cinnamon teaspoon

work"—her reception was comparable 1 quart sliced apples

cup honey highest of persons to that Yi now given b to 2 tablespoons butter (for top) visit, after tubs and rank! her Soon

other starching utensils were seen in the Sift flour, measure; add baking powder

most aristocratic residences, and washand salt. Cut in shortening until mixture

all at meal. resembles milk coarse once; Add performed ironing ing, drying, were and

is until all flour out dampened. mix Turn are as nobles, music of in the presence

lightly. floured into board; Roll knead onFold as a book: starches arts Then, today! the other and thick. rectangle inch Spread with softened

introduced, colors various of were sprinkleY the butter; with sugar combined brown

yellow variety being esteemed best for and cinnamon. Roll up as for jelly roll. Cut

ruffs and other articles, although a bluein eight to ten pieces. Put apples in butcolored starch was affected by the Puritered twoquart casserole. Add honey, dot

tans. with two tablespoons butter. Place cut rolls

on top of apples; bake in hot oven (400

U.S. Cadet Nurse Corps F.) for fifty minutes. Serve with plain or

The U.S. Public Health Service answeetened cream.

nounces that 60,000 new student Corn Meal Muffins nurses must be recruited by June 30, 1 cup yellow corn meal

To do this, dampen each sack slightly, 1945, if adequate nursing service is to 1 cup sifted flour sugar cup spring for either Enrollment maintained. of soapthen bar a paste or be make Y1 salt teaspoon

it letis starting is the corps the classes over put now. soap and Thepowdered teaspoon soda Yi all for let lietering, thickly. of largest youngest Roll women's up and and 1 sour milk or buttermilk cup thick

a day or even two days. Put into cool uniformed organizations, with an enroll- 1 egg beaten

water, then rub by hand or on a tiny ment of over 100,000 first, second, and 2 tablespoons melted fat washboard until the letters come out or thirdyear students. (Concluded on page 38)

36 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 'xx i Vriif-''

THERE'D BETTER BE! finish—and constantly renewed—OiLplating defies corrosion; defies friction.

—and that's not exactly fooling, for the Now consider that highly refined Conoco

prewar car and the wartime car now N'* oil, made of superb paraffinbase in your garage must still make good a stock, provides a most durable oil film third time...pos twar! Not even prompt of liquid type, as well as oilplating

fast newcar production can assure you besides! Then you can begin to picture

of delivery before 1946 or '47! That's the full ability of this patented oil to

how big the demand is. To avoid the resist engine wear. Wear - resistance is

rush you must see that your present car the true basis of carbonresistance...

is blessed with strictly superior endursludge-resistance... engine cleanliness

ance—and here is why you can expect... and quick starts that save your batjust that, as soon as you have your tery. Keep your engine oil -plated and

engine oil -plated. keep up your conCONOCO

Protective oilWHAT MAKES OILPLATING? fidence in your car.

plating comes from Brilliant advanced research by the makers Change to N'A oil changing to Conoco ofmotorConocooil ingredient.N'A perfectedAddedan tounprecedentedConoco Nth now at Your Mile-

N'A motor oil. Like oilandthisoilplating.forms the closeWhilebondyourbetweenengine metalruns, age Merchant's

oil liquid oilplating the and are teamed an extra surfacing the liquid Conoco Station. wear. no up against when mere And

or icecold standing to direct can serve—during your oil added Continental Oil MOTOR OIL is protection engine's starting—your

faithful fine maintained oilplating. by inner engine's Withstill Company

higher prices on new cars you want your car in shape for a good tradein... What if

Conoco N*A oil does cost a trifle more?

. Be sure to read this whole ad

JANUARY, 1945 37 Here's How to Tell (Concluded from page 36)

Sift the dry ingredients together. Add

Fill the to only mix. fat. Beat enough

425 tins F.Which Milk is Best Addthegreasedmilk to the egg. Combine the mixtures. at muffin Bake Y$ full.

for twenty minutes.

Spaghetti Meat Casserole Payment for Handy Hints used will be event publication. the In dollar one upon spaghetti cup % submitted, are that idea the with same two 2 quarts boiling water

will receive earlier the the postmarked one of evaporated brands milk, Buy several each open salt teaspoon can Ya returned, ideas dollar. be can the of None wide. for color, flavor. each texture milk Check and 1 onion consideration. will careful receive but each

fat 2 tablespoons Milk's color! natural, Morning appetizing Note

1 pound hamburger salt teaspoon gifts little celluloid Y the Christmas now By 2 grated cups cheese dolls, a rattles as have probably such and juice 2 cups tomato side can in them. bends few The crushed

1 tablespoon chopped green pepper the holding to normal out be by drawn

Add spaghetti to boiling salted water. damaged article about one to two inches

Cook until tender. Drain. Melt fat and add from extreme heat (not flame). Remove

onion. Add hamburger and cook until from heat every few minutes, then repeat

brown. Add green pepper and tomato until the heat has drawn out the bent sides

juice. Mix together in a buttered casserole to the original shape.—Mrs. E. C. K., OlymPour each brand of milk into a pitcher or sauce dish. and cover with grated cheese. Bake at 300 pia, Washington.

Look at Morning Milk's rich, creamy texture. F. for one hour. When preparing chicken for frying, tryOatmeal Raisin Cookies folding the tip of the wing under the first

Yi cup shortening joint. The wing then will make a neat piece

Yl cup sugar easily cooked and tempting to eat. Mrs.

Yi cup firmly packed brown sugar E. L., Glenwood, Alberta, Canada.

2 eggs m. 1 cup chopped raisins racket.Don't Itthrowmakesouta yourgood son'scarpet oldbeater.tennis

Yi cup chopped nuts Mrs. E. P., Salt Lake City, Utah

Yi cup milk 1 teaspoon vanilla If brown sugar is hard in the package and \Y 1 cupsteaspoonsiftedbakingflour powder ityouon wisha pietotinsoftenin theit toovenmeasure,for a minute,simply putnot

Yi teaspoon salt any longer, and it will be ready for use.

Then, with a spoon, taste each milk undiluted—Yi teaspoon cinnamon T. B. P., Aurora, Utah.

it just as comes from rolled cups oats 2 their housewives make own who To the has a finer Milk Morning the can.flavor—aThere'squalitythe realflavor.test! shortening; gradually, sugars Cream add butter, to but have not enough cows who taste can the difference!You light. until beating eggs one Add I find at a time, justify using that worker, a butter by

beating well after each addition. Add using a rolling pin and a good, clean bread

raisins and nuts. Add dry ingredients alterboard or a wellplaned board about twentynately with combined milk and flavoring. two inches square, I can mix my butter

Drop by spoonfuls onto greased baking more evenly, easily, and in less time than by sheet. Bake in moderate oven (375 F.) for using a paddle. Mrs. E. V., Bradfordville,

fifteen minutes. Makes three dozen. Kentucky.

EARLY INDIANS

(Concluded from page 3) As these early inhabitants of southabout equally divided between hunting ern Utah became more agricultural, and farming. Their methods of hunting their culture became more involved;

and trapping were ingeniously devised. and their artistic attainments became

Small rodents and birds were snared more varied. We will follow their deand rabbits were driven into a woven velopment down to the presentday

Buy Finer - Flavored net very similar to a modern tennis net. Indians.

MORNING MILK TEA GARDEN Sunday's

Menu Hit Main Course Roast Chicken Baked Squash

Biscuits Drop

suitable forMUSICcarry large stocks of musicWe Bing Garden for Teachurches, schools use, arranged and home vocal and instrumental solos, choirs, bands and Cherry Preserves orchestras. We specialize in L. D. S. Church

music. Write to us for suggestions and mate- '

rial available.

Dealers in Steinway and Lester pianos, band When norhing but the best will do... serve

orchestra instruments, talking machines,and Preserves. Tea Garden Bing Cherry of Made

supplies.records and musicians'finest table cherries, picked deep when they're

redripe and sweet. Tenderly handled, carebecome preserves of superlative excellence!DAYNES MUSIC CO. fully pitted, simmered slowly and gently.they

47 So. Main St. Salt Lake City 1

38 THE IMPROVBMENT ERA cros fromthe Camps Soaks clothes WHITER

India HELP US REMEMBER Dear Editors:

foolish perhaps; days days pOOLiSH to I will try but begin know hardly how *- reveille taps and were unknown. WhenI at expressing attempt to a good make my kids were, Carefree sure very always we editors the gratitude tothoughts and of The time reaps not rings have "That what on you Leaves no Era.Improvement sown."or I issue washtub dishpan recent received a few ago weeks a

and was very happy to see that the conMovies, parties, dances, puppy love roference addresses were there. And that is mances

whom I wish to write to—those, who gave That broke our youthful hearts in two.those talks—the leaders of our Church. And older folks looked on, and dreamed of

When I was home I always looked fordays long gone ward to the annual conferences, the wonderWhen they were young and cares for ful talks given, the enjoyable music given them were few.

Choir. the Tabernacleby baby things Keeps to feel don't from home, want away And we

I these meetpast missed year have The alone greatly. meetings the priesthoodings Also immaculate this In rights. struggle great to protect our

all I of these miss our ward. andof our

trust. losing we're Ah, not It's—well, I of the than more Church membersown just

realized.ever it's LOTS it's OF nights. here kinda That lonesome some

I the addresses, read conference As my thinking to get back, here beautiful lay tabernacle, to the And we backmind went as we SUDS

I sitting "sack,"our on the imagined myselfand among IN EVEN

I to this sisters at you. days with Back meeting.brethren and we spent at home As

read these talks, tears came into my eyes And we're homesick for 'em, wishing for from appreciation and thankfulness to the 'em, leaders of our Church for the glorious teachAnd thinkin'of 'em makes us sorta blue.

us, given they haveings which the blessSo please drop us a line, when you can find ings Latterday they bestowed us the on the time,

Saints. us, just little note. help a And

is all this At present where I am I have found but For through, when we're coming two boys from Utah—one who had been on back to you,

a mission, Salt from Lake, and was who for those thank that "memories"you the To other from see one Ogden. how you So wrote. you

are.scattered we Redford, Edwin Hyrum Dewsnup

before strong have such I had a Never testimony of the gospel. I am so proud and Pfc. U.S. Marine Corps Reserve

thankful to be a member of the Church of

JesusMy Christappreciationof Latterdayagain toSaints.you, the editors, Somewhere in the Pacific (Delayed)

for the wonderful teachings you have in the Speaking from the pulpit of a tiny MorEra- Howard Zaugg, Pfc. mon chapel in the midPacific, Marine Courtesy and

Private First Class Ovis Dilworth of Carey,

Idaho, his fourth has preached Mormon Friendliness since arriving here from Tarawa. Camp Hann, California sermon

hardly stocky the youth looked part The fill in dust. the along the tramp Will be Mat We of a G.I. his preacher haircut with khaki andWE life soldier's routine of a monotonous is uniform, but already he well here known

life of things that many make in Rationed 1945—deprived his for interest in religion.

rich feel beautiful. surof and lack We His congregation included of the natives

of culture roundings and fact, In during these the Saint Latterday orbranch Church refinement—garthe

trees, the music, dens of and companionship ganized at earlier here time missionan by troubled times, have we parents, or wife, sweethearts, children. or or aries, and about twenty members Mormon tried to serve double full utilization the not of enjoy do ourWe the of famous Division, Second Marine

talents. of are focused material portions minds Our on courtesy and Presidential which was awarded Unit a

dirt, things. live in the at the look and We friendliness. Citation after the And we campaign. Tarawa

it. dirt until feel is of part a a There we these of Most including boys, like to Mormon never "Sorry, say all for to tendency lose of sight of us who First Private Class Dilworth, are members no accommodations."So are, are, and reandwe our what why we of the Battalion,"re- "Modern Mormon

if is sponsibilities won't that are (and not please conyou enough cruited in the in of 1942 the summer mounof try associates our talk to out us—some to tinue resmake your tain area.

it of us forget help are). and For who we Battalion ervations The in Mormon were members advance? are than soldiers than more men—more particularly at finding pleased L.D.S. an you! Thank sons of are Eternal our Father, God,we—we island, is the chapel there since on Morno to destiny. glorious born a chaplain attached to the Divimon Second

this consciousness of digniour With own it first sion, their has been and opportunity ty worth, the and with calm assurance that for in organized worship long a time.-—Reliving, righteous from comes the with comHotel ported by Thornley. D. John

of the panionship Ghost, hearts our Holy are not depressed nor our vision clouded by any sweeter. circumstanceWe gain awecertainface. nobilityLife becomesof purTemple Square

pose that keeps us from doing those things which retard and interfere with our eternal Salt Lake City progress. Without spirituality we lose hope,

we cannot see clearly and life becomes something to endure rather than to enjoy.

The Savior said, "I am come that ye may CLARENCE L WEST life, that have and more abundantly."This Manager t&2*

"life life more means abundantly"now and more abundantly hereafter.

1st Lt. Douglas Christensen

JANUARY, 1945 J-retnont in, the Jan /juan J>yVWW5

Part I Sleeking a JKailroad f\oute 11848

I thought you knew TILLIAMS 7V"T tnese after trapping mountains'\l\lV V for years!"twenty in them

At Fremont's stinging rebuke, Bill de Cristo and had crossed that mounCoast, then Missouri, his adopted state,

Williams, guide of the expedition quiettain range successfully. They had should receive the wealth and advanly swept the confusing snowland with waded the shallow snows of the broad tage which the government railroad

red, squinted eyes. and beautiful San Luis valley; had would promote.

"Our trappin', Captain, was done in camped on the banks of the Rio Grande; By heaven, this expedition must not

the valleys and in the early spring. This and now were buffeting the deeper fail! But this unusually heavy snow

here blindin'snow has went and hid snows of the San Juan range. was baffling. Never in years, said the

all the landmarks."Then with a click Theirs was no dramatic rescue extrappers, had there been such a winter.

of his lantern jaws the tall, stooppedition. Nor was it a goldseeking Well, if he succeeded in making the

shouldered mountain man turned on miner's cavalcade. But it was of epic trip through this, what stronger proof

Fremont. "At Fort Bent they told you importance. Upon the success or failure could be desired for the route's feasibilit was plum'useless tryin'to cross these of this winter trip across the mounity?

mountains in the dead of winter. Looks tains, a vital question hung.

like it's true!"s Where should the first transconti- /arefully Fremont replaced the field

Fremont's blue eyes flashed. "Four nental railroad be built? * glasses in the case. "We're not

years ago they said I could not cross the While that question for years had heading for the pass that was pointed

Sierras, but I did."Then pinning the been puzzling Congress, it was burning out to me from the valley, Williams.

old guide, with a challenge in his blazthe rival sections of the country, too. That's to the right of us,"he said

ing eyes Fremont declared: "There's The North, the South, the Central grimly.

a low pass somewhere in these mouneach was pressing its respective route. "We're heading for the right pass

tains, Williams, and you know it. If Senator Benton of Missouri, Freall right,"asserted the guide. "It's just

you lead us to it, the expedition will mont's fatherin-law, declared his, the this blazin'snow that I ain't likin'."succeed. If you blunder—central route, was the most logical locaThen as he saw the wavering look on

It was a bitter cold day in midDe- tion for a railroad since it could conFremont's troubled face, he added:

cember, 1848. Thirtythree men, headed veniently serve all sections. But Con- "Do you want me to lead this party, or

by Fremont, the historic Pathfinder, gress doubted that this central route don't ye? If ye can't take my sayso,

were struggling up the eastern side of could be open and usable for year- I'm quittin'."

the snowswept San Juan mountains. round travel. Fremont was here to find Fremont had never been in the mounSince leaving Bent's Fort on the out. If he succeeded in getting through tains. There was naught that he could

Arkansas, already they had plunged the mountains. in winter, in surveying do but follow the guide and trust that

waistdeep in the snows of the Sangre a route from Fort Bent to the Pacific the mountaineer would not blunder.

40 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA—Illustrated by John Henry Evans, Jr.

dom of centuries of pain, commanded on previous trips, sat with him in the the retreat? Back down the trail they circle. Fremont's face was grim.

that trail they had labored so to "Barometer reads 12,000 feet, WilAnd yet—he turned and gave the order went,

to proceed. make. liams. Pretty high for a low mountain

The wind, whistling through the pass. Any use trying to cross the sumpines, whipped tiny icicles about the \17ith the sun lost in the snowstorm, mit?"

men, stinging their faces like pinpricks. darkness came early. The retreat "I ain't said we're at the wrong pass,

The pack mules, one hundred twenty stopped in the fringe of the timber line. have I, Captain?"Bill Williams sat

of them loaded with equipment and With painful frosted hands the men with his back to the circle, his greasy supplies, continually tried to turn back. dug pits in the deepening snow to shelter buckskin suit shiny in the fire's glow.

Their instincts told them that unless them from the storm. They unloaded Then twisting his lanky neck, he glared

they went back down into the warmer packs and camped. With dry limbs at the Pathfinder. "I told ye if I was

valley, they would surely freeze. They broken from trees, each pit soon had a guide my sayso went. If we buck this

knew. crackling fire. The chilled explorers nor 'wester at the summit, and get goin'

Four days now men and mules had held out their hands to the friendly down'ards to the west—if the mules pullbeen fighting their way up a mountain blaze. And in the glow of the leaping through—we're sure to have better

pass. They were nearing timber line. flames, their stiff, wet clothes were goin'from then on. That so, Godey?"

Not far beyond, a mile or so, was the dried, their spirits comforted. The Bill's huge jaw clicked.

naked treeless summit of the range, hoary bristles of their unkempt beards "Williams ought to know what he's melting doin', Captain,"counseled Godey.and then—or so they hoped—then they dripped moisture under the

must surely see a temperate valley of warmth. But King looked dubious. "Too high

a tributary of the Colorado far below Soon the odor of boiling coffee and for Cochetopa Pass,"he asserted.

to the west. With the sight of that valsizzling bacon made mouths water, and Through the long night the cold

ley—ifwouldthe guidecomehadan ledassurancethem aright.of safety helped the men to endure the piercing grew colder. Mule after mule froze

Spurred on by the defiant courage that quickens on nearing a goal, the efforts their the toparty keyed make fall. a By ANN WOODBURY HAFEN before But should darksummit

blinding blizzard met them on the top lands. The wind that swept the ridges

roared off arctic glaciers. It slapped the cold. Outside, the mules were fed their stiff as he stood, and fell over with a

hungry men and tired mules with relittle rations of shelled corn. Then with thud like a heavy wooden block. Belentless fury. Ears, noses, fingers, and dejected heads they huddled together side the fire, or under a snow blanket,

toes in ragged shoes, burned under its to share the warmth of their bodies, the men took what sleep they could, hot blasts. Even Williams the mounwhile the snow beat on their helpless and shivered for their freezing animals.

tain guide grew drowsy and would backs.

have sunk in the drifts, but Fremont The mercury descended to the bulb Tn the cold gray morning, one third of caught his arm. They must back down in the camp thermometer. No one knew the one hundred twenty mules lay

to timber line or the storm would claim how cold it was that night. In one of dead. Not gaunt gray heaps of mulethem all. Fremont's desperate order to the firelit pits, with the ice blizzard bones, but softly rounded white hilreverse was but vapor in the slashing roaring just above their heads, Fremont locks they lay, where gnawing hunger

of the winds. and three of his men discussed plans and stinging winds could distress them

But already man and beast were fallfor the morrow. Guide Williams and no more. The blizzard was stilled, but

ing back toward shelter. What need of two mountain men, Godey and King, the air hung cold as an arctic moon.

human orders when instincts, born wiswho had accompanied the Pathfinder (Continued on page 42)

JANUARY, 1945 41 THE LOST PATHFINDER

(Continued from page 41) teeth. Behind, exhausted mules glutted cold as he looked. The gray curtain

"Captain, we oughter cross this sumthe narrow trail, or floundered a little lifting showed only the impossible. Inmit 'fore any more critturs gits rubbed in the downywhite graves of death. stead of the welcome valley, only

their pile snowy mountains on pile, inout,"Williams. asserted pits shoveled snow hands Benumbed Impossible! magnificence. WilEvery man fingers, that not ghastly did Frostsplit was willing to make the again.

try. For after the summit, perhaps combleed, again broke tree boughs for fires. liams had blundered. Instead of the

led Pass, Williams low had Cochetopafort in below. valley a unpacked Stupefied numbed snow men

highest into the of very heart the them left proviblankets and mules, mules trembling lugged the and spare To in of the winmountains San dead Juan pits. an tiny safetyalive, to sions mauls, the the wooden With made men

ter. there hope. no Back Ahead was mule. beat frozen limbs, tree a one of and up pine chopped axe manhammers eternal the the escape only from was fell, trail and on night steaming solid soup mule to a form the As snowdown

return. Freto but snows. Nothing do brains. mountain. bewildered of the crest thawed They macaroni thetoward

defeat. the faced conqueror, mont He perspiring halffearful, reliefs. the Halfthankful, Panting, in menworked

so inferno, that looked long over white fires. shift sputtering the altitude, thein around advance high whispered the

silent, far, fatal. so and so for the crossed summit. a what the But few had Theysmashed snow down

in thirtysix the years again and Time fell side, there? the gasping, to on before them? thenyards; was Go Down

life his imthe of he done had young its at that turn awful sumor back? over next the back group tookwhile Go

rolling possible. rivers crossed had He trail. clear could sky mit? a and Onlybreaking dawn

ice. flood, floating with or blocked with bitthis questionings. their But answer canyon, this someminiature In snow the the charted to of a had west He way ter done. night not yet was foot on, their heads, bytimes above thirsty Salt desert Lake, a across Great

foot, with a dry powdery snow, icy of crusted salt and alkali, white as the the starving mules mules the night andcold, beating men upon them, HPhrough explored dark San Juans ahead. He had

last line. timber At the barrenclimbed could find no peace. With snow precipitous rivers canyons, navigated

the summit! deep enough to bury them, they could perilous with cataracts. Through hostile

But nothing could they see through not nose around for pine needles or dry Indian country he had forced his way, the white sky blizzard obscuring the grass near camp. Only on the summit nor turned back when red danger

western scene. A sudden gale from the where the wind swept the ridges free of crossed his trail. But now he was facing

northlands cut each man's world to a snow could any grass be found. But his most severe test. He, the historic

dizzy pale fourfoot battlefield, with there the raw cold was so intense no Pathfinder of the nation, was lost in the the snowcaked heels of a pack mule life could long survive. Desperate for San Juan snows.

or the print of a companion's foot as its food, however, they sought the barren No time now to mourn for a railroad only distraction. upland. When arctic gales lashed, they route. The lives of his men must be

"On!"Blindly all pushed on. No huddled together or gave weird cries saved. That now was his one objecstopping here. Over the crest they batand, panicstricken, rushed downward tive. The nearest relief lay in the Red

tered their way, clubbing the snow; and towards the timbers, to be lost in the River settlement of New Mexico, bedown, slowly down the western side twentyfoot drifts. Sightless swords hind him, back across the pass. That

to the timber line. There the snows were driven into their vitals by the could be reached only by ten days'

stopped them, held them prisoners, in arctic that knew no mercy. The men, travel through snows waist deep. Too,

the soft deep drifts. The mauls were in their pits, heard the lost cries of their the journey must be made on foot, for

useless. Through these miles of frozen faithful mules, and shuddered for the not one of the eighty mules remaining

feathers nothing could go. Higher than morrow. when camp was made had survived the

their heads, deeper, deeper, and deeper. Ages it seemed, but the dawn came. terrible night. Two days of this had

To go into this snow powder was to And with it a lull in the driving snow. killed every one of the one hundred and

smother. The white down, swirled by The cold was bitter. Fremont, long twenty mules, and two more days of

the gale, choked them. To breathe this awake, had waited fearfully for the this would kill every man.

snow dust seared the lungs and hurt the morning's revelations. His heart turned (To be concluded)

ON THE BOOKRACK

(Concluded [rom page 7) Paradise. In location, the names have a the story angle into art, music, nature, as

that child the Pacific should the interested. adult and both war against Japan is bewithperience—thatgifted artist, this poem becomes an exfamiliar ring, for it is in this very section of well as other fields in which children might

is fought. somebeing together. and has been There author indicates that different kinds Theenjoy, preferably

thing of humanity in the earnest prayer, in And in the light of the present war, one of books should be read: including funny

the lines: cannot help wondering whether the cannibooks which will delight young and old.

Bless other children, far and near, bals the Johnsons went to photograph and Appended to the book is a complete list of socalled civilized are study than will direct worse to any books which a wise beginning fear. from And keep them safe, and free

all the trappings with of in family reading. modern who C. man M. J. C. J.—M. living the turn technological can achieveBEE ]. SEABRIDE IN THE SOLOMONS ments to weapons of devastation. M. C. (Henry B. Lent. Macmillan Company,

(Osa Johnson. Houghton Mifflin Company, BEQUEST OF WINGS New York. 1944. 176 pages. $2.00.)

pages. $3.00.) 251 1944.Boston. Viking, Duff. (Annis York. New official illustrated with U. S. navy Fully 1944. pages. 204 $2.00.) deserved a is this Johnson Martin photographs, that won the a book

family, nothing a pursuit fearless of their can compare to the older to for discuss hisOSAreputationsand boy will be proud with the unusual in picture and word. Two earlier To pleasure that derives from the reading dad, and vice versa. Through the training

books of Osa Johnson have already assured together of good books. Such experiences of Bill Scott, from his boot camp, the author

her of an avid reading public in this latest weld a family into a oneness that no exterior has traced all the steps of the military trainbook, Bride in the Solomons. force can break or change—no matter what ing of Bill and his shipmates until they are

Complete with sixty illustrations, the book distances later separate the members. A permanently assigned and embark on their

is surely a release book which will offer estreasured sentence or a remembered phrase secret mission. This book will make all

cape from too emotional situations and send written into a letter will serve to call to folk respect the training that these young the reader back after reading, able to reach mind a whole series of pleasant evenings people receive and will build confidence in better conclusions as a result of the release. spent in the home while one or another perthe preparedness with which the See Bees

In point of time, the book is a successor to son read a story. This book indicates that enter into their service for the United States.

I Married Adventure and Four Years in this relationship will lead naturally from—M. C. /.

42 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Church Moves On (Concluded from page 25) Peter Munk "Deter Munk, the third resident of * Utah known to the Old Folks'Central Committee to have reached his hundredth birthday September 21, at

AN UNUSUAL FAMILY

Ten children of Bishop and Mrs. William Keith Clark, Inkom Ward, from left to right, back row: Louise

Clark, Primary organist; Donald Clark, elder, has an honorable discharge from navy, counselor in Y.M.M.I.A.,

ward missionary, counselor in elders quorum; Marcell Clark Warner, (husband in service in France), ward

missionary, chorister in Primary, teacher of junior class in Mutual, literary teacher in Relief Society; Glen

Clark, elder (now in army, Camp Hood, Texas), was secretary of Aaronic Priesthood, president of priests quorum; Betty Clark, secretary of Sunday School, Primary teacher.

Front row: John Clark, deacon and Boy Scout; Dorothy Clark, two years old; Mrs. Ellen Clark, ward

missionary, ward organist, Sunday School chorister, Relief Society chorister, Genealogy class leader in Sunday

School, Relief Society visiting teacher; Bonnie Clark, five years old; Bishop William Keith Clark; Myrna

Clark, seven years old; and Elaine Clark, ten years old.

All are full tithepayers and keep the Word of Wisdom.

PETER MUNK Manti, Utah, was honored on the Sunday following, by a pageant given in the

Manti Second Ward. A native of Bornholm, Denmark, he emigrated to Utah

in 1852, and in the early days was an Y.W.M.I.A.

Indian fighter. Reported by Harold CHORUS,

Jenson. ORANGEVILLE

WARD Missionaries Released November East Central States: Gale William Lindstrom, Salt Lake City; Robert Gail Murdock, Salt Lake City; George Robert Quist,

Salt Lake City; Roy Speirs Jensen, Brigham

The Orangeville Juniors were recently Gleaners and into Killian Ward organized a chorus with Elva byCity, Utah.

Elizabeth singing as secretary, Cox gatherings, including Church at numerous sacrament meeting, at farewell England: New Henry George Lawrence, parties for soldiers, departing for July funerals. 4th programs, visited also and at and 24th They have most

Salt City. Lake of in the other wards the stake.

States: Marie Egbert, Northern Idaho girls Acontinuedmusical singingprogramatatmanyChristmasgatheringstime andwith recentlysoloists, presentedtrios, and"Sundaythe chorusEveningprovedServicevery Insuccessful.Song."TheFalls, Idaho; Rainey HarriChloe Eugene

son, Richmond, Utah; LeGrande Mangelson, C. Utah; Levan, Maria Hannah

MISSIONARIES ENTERING THE MISSIONARY HOME NOVEMBER 6, AND LEAVING NOVEMBER 16, 1944 Park,Saunders, SaundUtah; Alma Hyde

ers, Hyde Park, Utah; Luella Isabelle Nelson, LaGrande, Oregon.

North Central States: Loa Elna Nelson

Steed, Sandy, Utah.

Southern States: Charles Henry Pearce,

Salt Lake City; Elzina Larsen Pearce, Salt

Lake City.

Spanish'American: Melvin Richard

Brooks, Salt Lake City; Earl Dean Evans,

Rigby, Idaho; Byron Austin Haws, Vernal,

Utah; Lloyd William McArthur, Twin

Falls, Idaho; Thomas Pool McFarland,

Casper, Wyoming; Kenneth Dale Philips,

right, left to Reading Esther Servoss, from Alice Peterson, V. Grace Martha D. Camp, Hulda W. Utah; Wright,Ogden, Roland Chambers

E. B. Cotton, F. Bird, Nelson, Keiser. M.firstWinn,row: Heber Samuel Mable Winn, Matthew Don Utah; Parkhurst,Ogden, James Richard Jr., S. William Peterson, Davies, Second row: Servoss, Joseph P. Camp, D. Provost, M. Guy W.Wilmington, California. S. Fairbanks, Iva Adell Fox, J. E. Hansen, Heber C. Butler. Leroy

Bert. Eliza U. Dickerson. Third row: Charles C. George Manning, R. Manning, A. Holm, C. W. Brown, Texas: Henry Thomas Maw, Plain City,

T. row: Fourth Moss, Lula Lena D. Watson, Moss, R. Nash, Hyrum Henry Watson, Murie Nash, Mary W.Utah. E. Johnson, Johnson. John

Western States: Marcia Grace Herron Fifth row: Calvin D. McOmber, Sr., Achsah S. McOmber, Henry M. Zollinger, Eliza Zollinger, Austin Earl

E. Ricks, Irene Jesperson, Y. Moore. Hollingsworth, Derrald City.Davis, Salt Lake

Sixth A. row: Everett, Grover Edward Sam J. Black, Thomas Thorpe, Thomas L. Redford, Western Canadian: Clair LeRoy Phillips, Granville Oleson. D. Wells, Albert Harry W.F. Harrison.Coshow,

Salt Lake City; Robert Lenox Pratt, Salt

Lake City; Elizabeth Briggs, Magrath, Alberta, Canada.

George Wallace Bird, born January 7, Excommunicated October 4, 1944, in BufExcommunications 1914, elder. Excommunicated October 24, falo, Eastern States Mission.

Martha Ellen Cornwall Waite, born 1944, in the Edmonton Branch, Western Lois Virginia Long Whitlock, born July

September 28, 1891. Excommunicated Canadian Mission. 13, 1923. Excommunicated in Thatcher

November 1, 1944, in the Twentyfirst Ward, St. Joseph Stake.

Ward, Emigration Stake. Claire Cross Olmstead, born July 12, 1908. (Continued on page 44)

JANUARY, 1945 43 THE CHURCH MOVES ON

few from each of the outlying districts who will participate in a temple excursion from their individual districts durPRESTON ing the latter months of this year. It is

FIRST the custom that each year every

WARD district of the mission journey to Laie

ACHIEVES for temple work and spend about ten days at Laie living in the Lanihuli home.

Last year every island with the exception of the Island of Hawaii was able to take part in this excursion. One district has made this annual trek for the

past eleven years. This year it is

planned that each district of the mission will participate in such an excursion.

The attendance at our morning meeting totaled 1085. Here in Hawaii under

one roof meet people of various nationalities, whose membership is represented in the Central Pacific Mission, the Hawaiian Mission, and the Oahu

Stake.

The remainder of the conference consisted of an afternoon and evening session. Throughout the day various missionaries and local leaders were called

upon to talk. Before the day was over

we realized that we had only five elders serving as missionaries who were from the mainland. We are fortunate in having two local Japanese boys filling fulltime missions and during this conference

two more Japanese boys were called to fulfill missions among their people here in the Hawaiian Islands. It was a time

of rejoicing when we were told that

Brother George Needham had been placed in charge of the affairs of the

Top: Welfare workers of Preston First Ward. Below: the crop of sugar beets which was harvested fay Church in the Hamakua District with

ward. of the the members president. the At of duties a district the

Preston of the project Earl Goaslind, the Church welfare C. Bishop direction of the under October On that made was announcement time same crop and a beet acre sugar harvest of the fourand-a-half the with to a conclusion brought7, was First Ward been Sproat had night. William Brother at social ward

alfalfa. of acres to two It planted already spring. last was rented district was farm and irrigated tenacre of Kohala in charge The placed A beets. sugar of acres onehalf four acres and and of Deas onehalf three to and planted was remainder of in charge Simmons E. K. Brother Priesthood Aaronic the harvesting, and planting, plowing, and did the members Priesthood Melchizedek

director. is work Stanley loading. Winn assisted the with topping, and the brethren and thinning of these the did Each members Kona district.

will assume the duties of district president.

Hawaiian Conference Report speak in the various meetings. Twelve Monday morning all the missionaries

released to be tabthe at were assembled who missions both of all missionaries sent to with a letter accordance the be this would that Also meeting. reminded testimonial were for a nernacle IN by Mission Hawaiian of the districts to adable presidents be district that would last time local we the us were with a number Castle H. Murphy, President we with over people whom the fine to preside dress called brethren the had and all of and mission the of Saints months. of the thirty the past for the on working work Pacific Mission been Central the

Islands in the laboring missionaries this group the about thing unique President Murphy One very of Maui. Island

arrived at Honolulu by Friday, June of elders is that each one has held some presided over this meeting which lasted 23, 1944. We were happy that even position of responsibility during his misfor nearly four hours and never have

during these times of war, transportasion here in the Islands. such humble and sincere testimonies

tion was afforded many of our Church A temple session was held both Satbeen borne. We are indeed grateful

members. urday morning and afternoon in which that we have had the privilege of labor-

A special missionary meeting was the Saints and the missionaries enjoyed ing among these fine people; partaking

of the The plan in the tabernacle. held spirit of Elijah. Among hospitality; wonderful the and and their kindness of

the to all conference was explained present were a of principles the Hawaiian members the them teaching in turn elders from the outside islands. We had the restored gospel of Jesus Christ.

our disleaving to prior informed been AT HELD CONFERENCE HAWAIIAN HONOLULU Tuesday morning a number of the 1944 25, 23, 24, and to JUNE expected be would tricts that we

|:f;.lf;; i l,;f:

THE CHURCH MOVES ON

young people who had come to Honoby members of their stake in teacherlulu from the outside islands assembled training programs and in the actual at the tabernacle where transportation preparation of lessons.

was arranged in order that they might go to Laie to perform baptisms for the Stake Presidencies dead. In this group were members of

both the Hawaiian and the Central PacPresident Leslie V. Merrill and

ific Mission and they were very joycounselors have been released in the ous for the events of the day. This is Franklin Stake. Henry H. Rawlings,

the second time that a group of Japanese former first counselor was sustained asmembers of the Church have been able stake president with the former second PABCO to make arrangements possible to carry counselor, Karl H. Cutler, as first counforth this work. For most of the young selor, and Weldon A. Nash as second

counselor. it theirpeople assembled today was COOLITE

first to particiopportunity able to be

S. and Charles President Hansen

this in totalpate of eightytwo work. A Sidney counselors, and Olsen C. Hans J. for thebaptisms for forty and women in the released Fjelsted, been have Gunthe that performed. were men know We S. Sorensen Stake. was nison Elmo

is this realization for a of these many president Lester with as Hansustained the of thisyoung people greatness of as counAllen Porter sen Luris and

It is diligentwork. a of reward work selors.

for affiliated of most themthem have selves with genealogy classes held in their districts. Reported by Elder EdBranches Discontinued

ward Barnes.

Ctrawberry Independent Branch,

Pioneer Stake Manual Duchesne Stake, has been disconOioneer Stake has recently published tinued, and its membership annexed to a manual of lesson helps to be used the Duchesne Ward.

m MUSIC {Concluded from page 35) with a little persistent practice. In the choplay, mainly because all four parts are unrus we do well to rearrange the first four

usually active and few notes are repeated. measures so that the left hand will be comThis hymn is well worth a considerable pletely free to play the bass part alone,

is scale of composed entirelyamount of practice time. which and Super - protection! Heat first formations. In the measure arpeggio

fingering in the in the the following left hand: songbook, School Sunday use No. 179 this rays, rain and wind Faith,"to the acclaim In the popular"True 12312345. by third measure change

easily heads the list of difficult hymns. In to.123412345. It will be found relatively

the verse part we find unusually active part easy in the first four measures of the chorus "bounce right off"walls leading. This can be mastered, however, to add the tenor to the right hand. and roofs painted with

THE PROPHET JOSEPH SMITH this doubleresistant alu- {Continued Irom page 15) "until death dost thou part."Joseph minum paint. Buildings

seer, the eternal nature graspingtunity to hear of Jesus?"the name The the of are cooler in hot weather attribute divinest love of the as theminister are lost."answered: "They

attribute soul, the as an everlasting "I student: will human nothingSaid have drier in the rainy seathe eternity of the... revealed of the spirit,to so unjust as with a religion to condo

demn to eternal punishment men and marriage covenant, a doctrine so beauson... less expensive to

women who are just as noble as we, tiful, so logical, so farreaching in its perhaps nobler, but who never had an significance that if it were adopted in maintain year after year.

opportunity to hear the name of Jesus."its entirety, many of the present evils

One who understands the truth, as of society might be abolished.

revealed to the Prophet Joseph regardThe Organization of the Church ONEpan* doesW this doctrine,ing answered: would have

"They will have an opportunity to hear Dut I think the greatest evidence of *-*** PMIiTthe gospel, and to obey every principle Joseph Smith's inspiration is found PABC0 and ordinance by proxy. Every man in the organization of the Church itself.

the will or hereafterhere and rebe judged ninethe the early part of During surface every unj7orly for to his according works."warded century; that teenth is, between the SeU.paint andu brushes particles rough eliininateS there ample 1830, years 1805 and was P Resu.. better parties/ fine dissatisfaction of of y Eternity evidence Marriage easier.- men the among The and on smoother conditions, social with economic and Covenant

and it is interesting to note the efforts illustration: give one moreT will that forth put were by sincere, COS.INC. able, inTHEPARAFFINE is as old as telligent conditions. to an institution Marriage improve men CALIFORNIA SAN. FRANCISCO 19,

the human race. Among civilized peoAbout 1777, a few years before Jople it has a legal status, and among most seph Smith's birth, there was a man Lopti-'irV the

people it is sanctified by the Church. born in England by the name of Robert "YelloW Pages'

Although there is evidence that some Owen who came of worthy parentage.,'. for your local

people have looked upon the marriage He was a man of exceptional ability, PABCO dealer.

ceremony as continuing after death; yet, shown in the fact that when he was

generally, the ceremony is valid only only about nineteen years of age he is

JANUARY, 1945 45..

The Prophet

Joseph Smith (Continued from page 6) reported to have had two hundred men under him in his factories in Manchester. About this time he became dissatisfied with the churches. He was a

religious man, but he decried the departure of the churches from the simple teachings of Jesus. Economic condilittle also. He saw

working of themsp.zm: tionschildren,offendedand hadhimsome

in his factories who were only eight and ten years of age. He introduced the law

which required the prohibiting of little children from working at night, and limiting others to ten hours a day. That

gives you an idea of conditions then and of labor problems. His soul rebelled

against this, and he sought something better.

He won the confidence of leaders and the Duke of Kent (Queen Victoria's father ) became Robert Owen's patron. ANCHOR SOIL DOLLARS He was desirous of establishing conditions which would at least ameliorate AT THE SURFACE! some which were almost unbearable in

society at that time. With a fortune in

Switching to even one single new surMixing every available shred of his hand, he came to the new world face tillage tool... one new tillage crop trash and cover into the soil.. about 1823. He purchased thirty thoupractice.,. has helped save many a leaving a loose, humusheavy surface sand acres of land in what became New

farm for a prosperous future. In a... shortening irrigation furrows.. Harmony, Indiana, and established

single West Coast area, "clean"- farming on the contour... reverting what he hoped would be an ideal sotilled fields annually lost 28 tons of steepest slopes to permanent vegeciety. Within three years he lost two

top soil per acre whereas roughtation—these are some of the prachundred thousand dollars, and his extilled, trashysurface fields reduced tices acclaimed by ranchers who have periment failed. Please note the date

the loss by 70 per cent. watched income rise as a result. of this experiment, his aspirations, his

wealth, his popularity with influential

The kind of surface your land exThe modern AllisChalmers tillage men, his acquaintance with legislators, poses after tillage can make a world of implements shown here are key tools and with royalty.

difference—whether irrigated or dryin this science of anchoring soil dolland farmed. Rain or irrigation water lars. Investigate the farreaching The "Great Experiment"

that held, is not of their caught and stealthiadvantages use now. Ask Ripley, a later, George few years A ly sweeps top precious dealer. soil away. your AllisChalmers "minister, Unitarian conceived a plan

of plain living and high thinking. He

DRY LAND FARMING IRRIGATED FARMING had as his associates such able men as

Nathaniel Hawthorne, Charles A.

Dana, afterwards assistant secretary of war in the cabinet of the president of the United States, John S. White,

and others equally able and sincere.

Ralph Waldo Emerson, styled "The wisest American,"Amos Bronson AlIn chopping and mixing stubble, straw and cott, Theodore Parker, William H.

visitors, Channing, were interested and trash, also other crop moderately dense for heavy covThe cover match Russell Lowell 1 and Horace er crops, James the Model Weight Medium A-C is in crops soils heavy the effective Disc does work. Front chops gang to the contributed Greeley community Brenneis A-C Model

slices turns, rear and mixes. and gang paper. Disc Harrow. Makes ruggedH Offset

possible uniformly level These were able men, inspired by work, controlled surface mixing. high ideals. Ripley and his associates

250 working hours between lubrications! became the founders of what was

known as the "Great Experiment,"the purpose of which was to make the world an agreeable place in which to live. It

came to an end in 1846, and the land and buildings sold at auction April 13,

Busiest tool on stubblemulch, summer1899.

fallow farms. Cultivator Field under- A-C moderately For deep and thorough soil The Church of Jesus Christ cuts the turns weeds, up, loosens them and stirring a fine finish, without and loosening

aerates soil without smoothing trashy surthe A-C Brenneis Coil Spring Shank CulOrganized face. Duckfoot sweeps and spring teeth is tivator under most popular. Works religious 1820, led excitement green About

interchangeable. alfalfa crops. Shovels, manure sweeps, to seek the right Smith Joseph

teeth, alternate furrower equipment. head Church, the proper mode of worship,

the right way to live. The desire to

know impelled the youth to seek the result in earnest of prayer. Lord One PILLISCHflLMERTRACtO R D I V I S I ON > ft I L W A U K E E t, U.. S. A. to his prayer the orthe answer was

46 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

THE PROPHET JOSEPH SMITH

ganization of the Church in Peter to all, applicable alike to the indigent

Whitmer's home on April 6, 1 830. and to the millionaire.

In that organization may be found the In the ecclesiastical grouping of the comprehension of the whole plan of Church, efficiency and progress are enman's salvation. hanced because every local group atis its affairs, yet and, to tends each own the did not backSmith Joseph have

central governunited the closely withing of prominent any men. no had He that of procedure so every ment mode influwealth. around him had no He

is benefithat useful to proved and beential legislators nor were men who withcial to the adopted people be maystyled thinkers the the of wisest time elements surrounding those others out delay for the good of the entire So Fresh be contributing factors in group. wouldwhich

of effithe standpoint from Truly,achieving success. of So Smooth progress, ciency the Church and

Joseph Smith was very humble, fiChrist has that form of governmentnancially speaking. He was not which will best contribute to the peace So Good/

schooled in the literature of the day. and happiness of mankind.

in the sodid not prominence haveHe this hav knoweth man letters, "How inciety unhe moved; he which was learned?"ing questioned never the Jews

schooled and had only limited acquaintas they marvelled at the wisdom of ance with men and things. Jesus. So may we repeat the question

The original members of the Church regarding Joseph Smith as we consider were practically unknown. They were his outstanding accomplishments durfinancially poor and had no political or ing the brief span of fourteen years besocial standing. Yet, for over one huntween the organization of the Church &URKEES

dred years, this organization has surand his martyrdom; as we contemplate

financial social upheavals, panics,vived the restored gosof perfect the harmony

NAV0HNA!S| *w*?$S stands turmoil, and todayand religious primitive church of the pel with that

highest the supplying ofas a means apostles; His established Jesus and by DELICIOUS ON to the as it conformsneeds of mankind insight into his penetrating as we note ORANGE AND understand ofbest concepts men who see as doctrines; principles and and wegovernment and who are seeking social the incomparable plan and efficiency of AVOCADO

betterment. the Church established by the inspiraSALAD

Kirkpatrick, in his book on sociology, tion of the Christ whose name it bears ONE 'OF'DURKEE'S FAMOUS FOODS says: the answer to the question, whence this

man's wisdom? is given in the stirring

Efficiency and progress are favored when stanza: '*'-.: SINCE 1 857

the government is such that the local community has a good deal of responsibility for Praise to the man who communed with its own affairs and the central government Jehovah!

has final authority to legalize those instituJesus anointed "that Prophet and Seer"tions and rules of procedure which have Blessed to open the last dispensation;been shown to be permanently useful. Kings shall extol him and nations revere. fWE/lREOP$j

For Your Costuming 9 organization careful analysis of the A PAGEANTS, PLAYS reveals the theof Church fact that it Conclusion OPERAS,LABOR COMPELS SHORTAGE 2

ORDERS NOT LESS THAN Z all the strength cenimposes of a strong envelops darkness HPonight when the PLACING30 DAYS OF NEED 2 virtuetral government, and every and ASK INYOURADVANCECOOPERATION WE 5 retire with of earth, each you will of safeguardnecessary a democracy. that the night confidence absolute will Hillam'S CostumeCity, Utah Shop Salt Lake First, it authority of the will has the that the earth be filled pass and

priesthood without the vices of priestagain with the light of day. Of this you 10 Rooms tilledcolorfulwithcostumesthe best and most

craft. Every worthy man in the organhave not a shadow of doubt.

ization is entitled to a place and a voice This old world is enveloped in the in the governing quorums. darkness of bigotry, intolerance, disSecondly, it offers a system of educabelief in God and suspicion of fellow

tion universal and free in its applicaman resulting in ill will and madness.

tion; the safety valve, the very heart For four thousand years and more, the IN USE For OVER FIFTY YEARS

and strength of true democracy. For human race has groped in this darkness,

example, in the quorums and auxiliary vainly seeking a Light that would dispel Aids in treatment of Canker, simple organizations of the Church, there are it. Blindly have they brought themselves sore throat and other minor mouth

roughly speaking fifty thousand men the evils of antagonism, the misery of and throat irritations.

and women engaged in teaching chilcontention, the bitterness of strife, and dren, youth, and adults. Not one of the horrors of war.

these fifty thousand receives a dollar in As absolute as the certainty that you Halls Canker Remedy monetary compensation. Every week have in your hearts that tonight will be 536 East 2nd So.—at Salt Lake City, Utah

lessons on the gospel, or on literature, followed by dawn tomorrow morning, art, proper decorum, etc., are prepared so is my assurance that Jesus Christ is

and presented to the half million memthe Savior of mankind, the Light that bers who are invited to participate in will dispel the darkness of the world, there enrolled. In addition,the direct groups restored gospel the through by.. colleges, institutes, seminaries,are and Smith. revelation to the Prophet Joseph WE OffER

a university supported at an annual ex- A COMPLETE still Christ SERVICE ENGRAVING who O living millionpenditure a of over dollars—all all to Portraits share, Missionary the Largest burdens From our Dost the public school of independentlythese within the hearts Catalogues dwell and now Come Mail Attention Prompt Orders Given citizens of heartily fosteredsystem by all everywhere, men Of

state.the CO. ENGRAVING UTAH Thirdly,

St. it offers a judicial system for this I earnestly pray, in the name 113 Regent Salt Lake City, Utah

that extends justice and equal privileges of Jesus Christ. Amen.

JANUARY, 1945 47 Mission Spirit

(Concluded page 24) Irom In the first a time. for so long Youngsters Love It.'continuedKept Alive

Royal Enriched Bread is a year 'round treat with youngplace, the members are bound together deep great by a common interest—a

for the gospel and a sincere desire sters—and with grownups, too. Every loaf is enriched love

with nourishing vitamins and iron, and every bite is to strengthen the testimonies they acthis, field. in the mission quired To do doubly tempting with a good, oldfashioned, truewheat

effort realize, constant requires they flavor. and a perpetuation of the mission spirit.

Secondly, they have had with them always the guidance and wisdom of mission parents who did not cease their

Tune in "This la Hollyefforts when they were released from wood Open House,"the mission to which they were called.

with Jim Ameche, faThey have regarded their missionaries mous Hollywood Stars, as a permanent family and have conand a screen play tinually watched over them devotedly.

adaptation. Every Their confidence and interest have kept

Thursday, 6:00 p.m. the missionaries at their best, inspiring

KSL. Fresh every day them to greater devotion and loyalty to

at your grocer's their Church and fellow companions.

A third reason for this group's success has been a definite study plan

ROYAL BAKING COMPANY, Salt Lake City and Ogden which they have followed. Elected ofYour HomoOwned Bakery—Established Fifty Years Ago ficers assume responsibility for planning

a study course and seeing that it is consistently ready for presentation at each meeting. Such subjects as the

Articles of Faith, Church Presidents,

L.D.S. Hymns, and Outstanding Women of the Church have been treated. Although occasional guest speakers have JJul Jhawing been invited in, most of the study and

preparation has been made by the class members. Recently an entire evening

was turned over to testimony bearing, and it equalled in spirit those remembered in the mission field. Several

Jobs, salaries, promotions... 'Sfficienf School servicemen were present and did much

to stimulate the group.

All these things depend on Just before October conference, the what you can do.

Get the right training—and enough of it to qualify for the

better jobs.

Start the New Year with a day or evening course in business training.

L. D.S. BUSINESS COLLEGE

70 N. Main Tel. 3-2765 Salt Lake City

There are many who suffer loss PASTEURIZED SKIM MILK

GIVES IT GOODNESS Be prudent Avert it by INSURANCE ui$00lE0MARGARI This organization writes insurance always of the highest quality.

UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO, HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake Gity, Utah \.:-.

48 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

MISSION SPIRIT KEPT ALIVE

accompanying picture was taken. Forserve to remind the members that they

tytwo members were present to hear are never released from the call to learn, their mission mother present the lesson. live, and teach the gospel. A mission

This attendance is typical of the support experience is only the beginning of what the officers have been receiving for the can lie ahead if returned missionaries last four years, and the support which will make the effort to keep alive and will probably continue for many years strengthen the testimonies with which to come. Associations such as these the Lord has blessed them.

i SOME EXPERIENCES WITH GENERAL VILLA ( Concluded from page 23 these two countries will be at continual have been in their colonies many times; they peace one with the other, and when we get

are a good and peaceful people. It is all this affair settled, I would like to see the

of forright are doing, influence they them what to do Mormon4 communities in every is republic. this to missionary part of thisbut be doing no time

work. They should go home where they will

the harnessed and mules were Whennot be in any danger. what knows Nobody The Little Man the the to three brethren hitched buggy, here duringmight around to them happen

times like this."3 went to take their leave of Generals

Angeles and Villa. After the usual polite President Bentley finally had an opexpressions were exchanged, the latter who's always

portunity to talk with Villa and learned turned to President Bentley and said:that he had once lived with a Mormon

best and to give "I want you my regardsfamily heard and had a great in Sonora tell There! of to all people the wishes and Mormon said Villadeal the gospel. about

them that they can expect to have as much

Many times I might have entirely cleaned help and protection from me and my men all of destroyed it is on and your Mormons, inup for as possible to give them me these Reddy Kilowatt is the desire colonies,the but never had I have any friends, trouble. times of been have They my

at all to do you any harm. I would like to and I want them to feel that I am theirhelp you, and I will help you all that I can, friend."symbol of your dethere is trouble times of duringbut no guarhis if all of Elder asked Whetten He

of safety. should refit gentlemenantee all right, outpendable, low - cost lackYou if anything and was was

turn to your homes and stay there until we ing, or if anything had been bothered in any get these things settled. Then will be the way. He said that he wanted to be sure Electric Service.

time for you to do the thing that you are that they were going on their way with all doing now."that they had had before. He inquired espeThe general gave the brethren a pass ciallysame ones."about the mules, and if they were the His address is any

through his lines and directed his men to render all assistance possible to the With their departure from Villa's electric outlet in the

Mormons. He stated that he felt hard camp, the adventures of the three brethtoward the United States for permitting ren were not yet over. As they apterritory we serve.

the Carranza forces to pass through proached the nearly deserted town of

U.S. territory in 1915 in order to surNamiquipa, they were seized by a group

prise and defeat him at Agua Prieta. of Rurales, who mistook them for

But he added: American spies. Here they were held

prisoners for nine days before they

I of the United like the Government their captors in convincing there. succeeded live I likeStates, the people and who mission. of their of the peacefulness try to invadeIf foreign should enemy any

States,the United & such.fend her from I wouldWe dobenotreadywantto anydeEventually,given a passhowever,from thethecommanderbrethren wereof Utah Power

foreign power to come on to this American the Rurales and set out on their return

I the time to see when journey, continent. PleasElders taking with hope them

Sloan George ant S. Williams and who Light Co. with General Moffett, Incident "Joseph F. "An

Francisco Villa,"an unpublished manuscript based on had been laboring in Namiquipa.

the account related to the writer by James E. Whetten, p. 7., Hbid., pp. 8-9

*Ibid., pp. 7-8 *>Ibid.. p. 9

Gift THE HARDSCRABBLE GRIZZLIES A Treasured for occasions to be {Continued from page 20) caught at several glances, for with all long enough to see the two bears on top speed he was taking the hobble from remembered of his companion. The yell became a the horse's feet and preparing to escape.

sickening moan; and for he the hobble rope a bridle then as he sped on With

more. could hear no Unto the Hillshe just quickly mounted on the and was

point of fleeing when the big grizzly By Richard L. Evans

unstrung thing him, and charged. unespied word"and Inspiring the "spoken from sermonettes One W,holly

... more Choir broadcasts of the Tabernacle running sight cease of did not the horse caught saved him; armed, Wilson

until he reached one of the horses on a the oncoming grizzly; and if there is than 250 beautifully expressed gems of thought.

hillside above the sheep. From this anything that a horse fears it is a bear. It Price, $1.50

vantage point he caught sight of the lunged frantically; over bushes, over (See order blank inside back cover)

larger grizzly beating, clawing and bitrocks, down slides, through a grove of it ing the herder, limp and aspens, wildly quaking scampered who appeared first shambling the shebear the dead, and canyon. no need The B00KCRAFT Company There was down

distractedly to her wailing cub and then to urge; and in fact it was all that the 18 Richards Street, Salt Lake City 1, Utah

back towards the stricken man. This he (Continued on page 50) 0<3k><3k>Ok><3>0<3Kx3<><3k><Sk>0

JANUARY. 1945 49

****-X-X-K"-K THE HARDSCRABBLE GRIZZLIES (Continued /rom page 49) out provocation charge unexpectedly the animal's back by clinging to its and furiously upon anything that even mane. resembled an enemy. In fact, probably

to a trot, horse slowed excited the and is shegrizzly with a wounded a a snort. then it with many even was unlimitedWkat,ever uour A mile or more was covered before the most dangerous animal in the world courage for only is her not f Finally it stopped, looked back and but also the peculiar conformationcub;of

listened, just as a human being would her skull makes a fatal wound most difcircumstances. under such apt to do be the heart, shot through ficult to place. A

for the satisfied, it seemed is Apparently second counts, every when at a time A mate aoa ( t first time to become conscious of its usually ineffective, for a grizzly will rider's presence, for it turned one ear often fight for five or ten minutes after

Wherever you are back and responded to Wilson's comits heart is bullettorn.

mand to continue. He carried a repeating rifle of 3030

Whoever you are Almost overcome with fear and grief, calibre, one that he had used for several convinced that Leavitt was dead and years and had never known to fail him.

that, unarmed, he himself was helpless Slowly he trudged up the canyon, realanyhow, he decided to rush with the sad izing that he must not arrive on the daylight. horse apbefore The news down to the little village of Portscene UJovir Ifew Uftear 6 the well; and, parently the way erville. knew

It was nearly midnight when he canyon being narrow, there was of i\e5otutiVOV15 inhabitantsreached the ofsettlement;the communitybut soonwerea fewascourserecrossedonlytheonenoisytrail, whichcreek, crossedand peneand

sembled about him, listening to his tale trated groves of willows, quaking should include the tenersof horrorwasandonesadness.who hadAmongonly thathis daylisaspens,tonwoods.aldersOftenandhenarrowleavedwas compelledcotto

against pressed his head Burton. bend low with determination arrived—John in order overto avoid the horse's neck he is dead?"inquired "Are you sure

branches. limbs has hanging whipping and mountaineer. a man old "Many to continue your an lived half to the mounabout and has way up mauled been by a bear When

tain, object big dark he noticed some the story.'education at tell

trail. the motion certain,"replied Wilson, "but in a few yards up He "Not

his hesitated, frightened. horse not to kill him."enough around He BRIGHAM YOUNG the big grizzly was surely tossing him checked rein instantly; but his horse was his great relief the obwhinnied, concerndiscussion and to was some There

of one It was the path UNIVERSITY ingmountainthe advisabilitybefore daylight,of goingwhen upto thethe theject otherwhinniedhorses,in amblingreply. down

PBOVO. UTAH amazementquietly: of all John Burton said releasedas well asit itandcouldled withit behindhobbleshimon.up theHe

"Gentlemen, I'm not wanting to precanyon.

sume, you understand, but I have a good it rifle asking wouldn't here, be and if grays of dawn inally the JT horse, I'll for a go you too much along vision his lengthening right appeared, WINTER QUARTER now."the creek; then trees began to take defbegins January 3 "A shegrizzly with a cub is a devil,"inite shape, and a disturbed magpie flew

cautioned one. But when it was apparwith a loud cry from a grove of cottonits

Home Study courses for aenthorsethat washe wasprovided,determinedand henotrodeto wait,into woods.loud callA fromlongcrestedthe oak jaycopsesraspedof the

those who cannot enroll the darkness on the rash and perilous hillside; and from the mountains above

undertaking. him came the faint bleat of the sheep for study in residence.

herd.

Write for current catalogues 1 raveling up a mountain After daylight he rode more rapidly alone after dark was no new experience for a time; and then, as the bells of the

for Burton; in fact, being a sheepowner sheep became very distinct, he pro-

* * * * * * * *T himself,his own itherd,was histo customwalk alonewhenandvisitingunceededstantly inslowlyreadiness.and heldWhenhis heriflearrivedconarmed after dark up the canyons of the in sight of the sheep, which were beginWasatch. On several occasions, at such ning to trail up the canyon side, he disWestern History - - - times,face withhe ahadbear,comealways,suddenlyhowever,facewithto mountedthat a skittishand horseled hisis horses,a very uncertainknowing

a resultant "woof!"and quick departure quantity before a grizzly. At last, howBrigham Young ofanimalthe animal.he reallyStrangefearedtowassay, athefemaleonly ever,and proceededhe tied thealone.horsesHetowasa pinenot verytree

result with of a noise making an particular about cub—a

if present, If the bears, story. his feet, for The Colonizer wolverineexperience withthat isheranother anyhe knew

By Dr. Milton H. Hunter one had asked him why he consented to would fight; and he even preferred givthrilling to coming on ading go up Hardscrabble on this some warning them

close for replied venture too unexpectedly merely he would have and thema.. great. the people,authenticandstoryan ofepican achievement.inspired leader, that there was a possibility of saving the effective work with the rifle. A wounded

400 pages... Price $3.00 life of a fellow mountaineer. He apbuffalo in Africa has the habit of hiding

(See order blank inside back cover.) preciated the danger; he knew that, the beside its own trail to wait its pursuer,

cub being wounded, the shebear would and of charging most suddenly as he its grizzly ordiby; but does not the dead passes

strategy. narily resort to It hides to quiet suchThe BOOKCRAFT Company stillbodybeorontryinghandwitheithersoftcaressingsounds

IB Richards Street, Salt Lake City 1, Utah its whines. He imagined also the mood sometimes for the purpose of evasion

*0*<XSwC3>O<Sx><Sk><3K><SKX3>O she would be in, that she would withbut not for aggression.

50 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Hardscrabble Grizzlies Good ITS TIME Burton's heart beat fast as he discovered the tent, which was torn down;he did not approach it at once but on He**- FOR

the contrary stood for several minutes surveying the clearing, listening, and balsams. and the bushesgazing into

attention, he Utah Oil Refining Company's his attractingNothing walked slowly to the camp, which a mere glance proved had been strewn about by the angry bears. The thing that

struck him with horror, however, was the sight of pieces of Leavitt's bodyscattered about the clearing several SPECIAL yards up the ravine.

He took quick glances at the horrid mess as he walked towards it; but his

alert eyes were for the most part onthe bushes and trees. With his gun in FARM

readiness he waited and listened, then moved towards the serviceberry bushes.

Nothing occurred, so he threw a stone into them without effect; finally hewalked by them. DEAL

Save on oil, greases and other farm necessities. Act

riE was about to believe now to insure getting:

that the cub could not have been Attractive quantity discountswounded after all, and that the bears had strolled away, when he heard the Convenient, frequent "on the spot"breathy "woof!"of an angry grizzly service and delivery

rushing from behind a thick balsam about fifty yards up the trail. It charged Uniform high quality products

speed, incredible with himtowards the Reliable source of supply fury. standing up with backhair of its

It rolled shot. carefully he is only butQuickly required with your payment No order—pay rushed its breast and atover, bit delivered. your requireover are Check on as goods

again. A second shot did not stop it at ments now.

all, and the lumbering, angry brute was within a few feet of him when the third Phone, write or ask your local left the beside hit it squarelyshot eye. Utah Oil Refining Co. distributor for details

its momenIt was but so great stumbled, tum that it rolled directly towards him, compelling him to dart aside as it rushedby. It lay gasping and kicking, and he UTAH OIL REFINING COMPANY

cast a glance first towards it and then up the trail. The dying bear tried to Manufacturers of

arise; in fact it did get up on to its a complete line of petroleum products

fuels, lubricants, including motor of serviceat tear a group andhaunches for use, specialties farm and its them teeth, breaking withberry limbs oils. industrial

off and pulling them out as if they were at it tostraws. Burton was aiming give SERVING FARM FRONT inexthe charge whenit a finishing

plicable sixth sense that we all at times WORKERS v*7** seem to possess caused him to glimpse up the canyon. There she was, the shegrizzly, charging down upon him exactly as the other had done, with the

exception that one of her front legs dangled helplessly. In spite of that she

was making fearful speed and was only about twentyfive yards from him.

Aiming at her swaying head he fired, butonly for an instant did it cause her to GOSPEL STANDARDS hesitate. She sniffed loudly, bit at her by President Heber J. Grant

shoulder and again lunged at him. Just

before she reached him she arose on her hind feet, and her great jaws opened. IN THE GOSPEL NETAs she towered above him he fired directly into her mouth and then darted by John A. Widtsoe

to the right. He was too late, however,

for the swipe of her forepaw caught his rifle and sent it spinning over into the On sale at bookdealers rocks of the creek bottom. Then she everywhere

lunged forward and fell over dead.

(Concluded on page 52) JANUARY, 1945 51

anewjwL THE HARDSCRABBLE GRIZZLIES (Concluded from page 51) by Leavitt's rifle shot, the night before.

Burton scrambled for his gun, and It required only a few minutes to find when he had recovered it the big bear the cub, which, shot through the body, was still biting mouthfuls of servicelay dead in the balsam grove up the berry limbs, frothing at the mouth and canyon.

tearing around aimlessly. A shot behind Using the tent as a sack he carefully

the ear put an end to its aimless strugwrapped Leavitt's mangled remains, the gles. very sight of which made him shudder.

IT or a time he rested as if half When that was accomplished he proexpecting some other attack from other ceded to skin the bears. This required

grizzlies, but he was really listening and a long time for one even as expert as waiting for the cub, which, however, did he; but at last the three rolled pelts

not appear. He examined the big bear, were ready for loading onto the horses.

finding that one bullet had entered its So frightened were these animals at the chest, another its brain. The shebear sight and smell of the bears, that he had

had been hit in the left shoulder by his to blindfold them both; and even then

first shot and in the roof of her mouth there was much snorting, shying and by the second, which tore away the bucking before he finally made the burback of her head. Probably no other dens secure on the pack saddles. Slowly

part of her body except the neck could then he led the way down the canyon.

have been struck with such instantaTo this day some recall the adventure neous result. Her leg had been broken of the Hardscrabble grizzlies.

MAN'S ETERNAL BELIEF IN IMMORTALITY

Iress it Free:and CanapeEASYTO-DORecipes.SandwichWrite (Concluded from page 19) Afterward he appeared unto the eleven

up with to2900Durkee5th St., FamousBerkeley,Foods.Calif. Yecrucified:seek Jesushe is risen;of Nazareth,he is not here:whichbeholdwas aswiththeytheirsatunbeliefat meat,andandhardnessupbraidedof heart,them

the place where they laid him. because they believed not them which had

But go your way, tell his disciples and seen him after he was risen.

he said them, unto Peter into all the And ye that he goeth before Go into Galilee: you VURKEESP4MOI/S the to preach and there shall gospel creaevery see him, ye said as he you. world, unto

And they went out quickly, and fled from ture.

the sepulchre; for they trembled and were He that believeth and is baptized shall be

amazed: neither said they any thing to any saved; but he that believeth not shall be

man; for they were afraid. damned.

Now when Jesus was risen early the first And these signs shall follow them that beday of the week, he appeared first to Mary lieve; In my name shall they cast out devils;

Magdalene, out of whom he had cast seven they shall speak with new tongues;

devils. They shall take up serpents; and if they

it thing, shall any deadly not hurt she told went and them that had drink shall them; they lay hands the sick, him, It's the Friendly Way beenAndwith and on as they mourned and wept.

they shall recover.

they, And they when had that heard he after So then the Lord unto had spoken alive, was and had seen been of her, bethem, received into he was heaven, up and lieved not.

sat right of on the hand God.

that After he appeared in another form forth, they went preached and And every unto of them, two as they walked, and went the where, them, working with Lord and into the country.

confirming the word with signs following.

And they went and told it unto the resiAmen.

due: neither believed they them. (Mark 16.)

"BEHOLD THE LAMB OF GOD"(Continued from page 13) unto him, Blessed art thou, Simon Barbuilt Little Greyhelpfulness acts of presently give jona: flesh than for twelve reand hath not blood

for Lines'reputation prewar hound legions it that of angels"thee, remember vealed unto but Father me32; morewe my pleasant. that's friendly travel and

is in the last discourse in the in of chamber heaven."which ever 85 Also do we shortage a wartime with Even today,

the declared, Last Supper, rarely that beautiful answerremember scene He buses, tempers of manpower—and ing Philip's question, the of the oneness is to returned between to and Jesus, trying Martha Overland Greyhound

travel easier for those that the Father Himself to and; and make who Bethany to raise Lazarus from the dead:

must travel. disciples disputing among themselves "... I am the resurrection, and the

Until Victory, we're giving you who should be greatest, He declared: life: he that believeth in me, though he

best. level After our live: shall of the dead, to save he yet were Son is come man whoAnd

34 great things bus from lost."in believeth shall liveth soever which was and Victory,travel—inexpectserthat"For me

vice, comfort, SuperCoachesI new die. this? Believest never thou She in clear ever our hold So do we

I saith believe him, unto Yea, Lord: the and memories Jesus between words OVERLAND Christ, that the the art thou of Son God, Philipin coasts the of Peter Caesarea 88

into the world."should which come I pi: that say am? "But ye And whom Pi u DU said, Peter and answered Thou Simon 1/AfMS all things these cherish mighty up living the Christ, art the the of Son \JlJe""by Operated these hearts, in witnesses our and said and answered Jesus God. And LINES INTERSTATE TRANSIT (Continued on page 54)

=2Matt. 26:53

ssjohn 14:8 ff. sBMatt. 16:15 ff.

"Matt. 18:11 *>John 11:25 ff.

52 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA IN THE FIEL

ROOMY PLATFORM—Located well forward—

enables you to operate a John Deere while standing up or sitting down.

HAND CLUTCH—Operated from a sitting or

standing position or from the ground. An important

safety and convenience feature.

'TWENTY years ago the first John Deere tion and low cost of maintenance which is * Tractor was purchased by a Waterloo, money in the bank—all the result of twoIowa, iarmer. Today there are hundreds of cylinder engine design.

thousands of John Deere Tractors on farms. Twenty years of building John Deere Tractors in seen have manuadvancements many of the years, thousands through Down

of facturing in the use methods... new third, their second, purchased have owners

for tracin protective alloys... safeguards fourth opDeeres. John Thousands and who

of tor line operation. Today's modern and three, erate larger two, or farms have more

lights, starter Tractors Deere has John and ecoTractors are furnishing Deere which John POWER lift, full line hydraulic multiple speed, plus a timeand-muspower. nomical dependable and

clefor HYDRAULICLIFT—Asaver developed and kind every of tractormounted equipment

pioneered by John Deere. That first John Deere Model "D"had only of row crop. Added together, this spells

two cylinders. Every John Deere Tractor toEXTRA TRACTOR VALUE.

day, likewise, has only two cylinders. TwoIn the John Deere Tractor line of today

cylinder engine design is one big reason there is a power size and type that fits your for their popularity. farm needs. There are seven power sizes

It wasn't the green and yellow paint—it built in twenty different types.

was the advantages that lay underneath John Deere twocylinder tractors are bethat affected farmers'decisions. The siming turned out as fast as humanly possible

plicity of design... the rugged construction within the limits of government restriction.

that assures long life and dependability... Still there are not enough to go around.

accessibility of every working part... the However, talk to your John Deere dealer. He

UNEXCELLED VISION—

High, centered seat loease of handling... plus economy of operamay find a way to help you.

cation, combined with marrow, tapered hood, gives you an unobstructed >view of your work. JMFI HEERE, Moline, Illinois

Models Model Model "L""H""A"Model "B"Model "D"Model 1-2-plow and 2-3-plow "LA.""GM"size. 2-plow 3-4-pIow

r 1- size. size. size. Seven 3 plow and Two Intypes. Seven size.

types types. fractors not

shown.

JANUARY, 1945 53

wBEHOLD THE LAMB OF GOD"{ Continued from page 52 We do not deny he was the "Lamb these testimonies. They are the light of God, which taketh away the sin of

that guides our feet through these dark the world,""slain from the foundation days that afflict us; they are our cheer of the world,"foreordained to his misin our comfort and our sleepless nights sion before declare was. the world We

filled anxieties with our loved over ones first, in all soberness that fall of the on the battle fronts; they give us the Adam brought the separation of man

hope and the faith to go daily to our from the presence of God, a spiritual tasks, never despairing amidst all this death; and next that it brought both

woe, misery, and death; they spell our mortality and mortal death. We declare

happiness and salvation in the life to that man may in himself overcome the come. spiritual death by so living and observEvery Christian remembers that as ing the commandments of God that he

Christ and his disciples left the temple may ultimately again stand and live in for the last time and went and sat on the presence of God. This is given to

the Mount of Olives in the evening of man to do, through the exercise of his the third day of the week, his disciples, free agency, also a gift of God. Our

recalling his lament over Jerusalem, and Heavenly Father has from the first given his teachings that he should come again, man sufficient truth to enable him to do asked him privately, "Tell us, when this. But to overcome the effects of

shall these things be? and what shall be mortality and mortal death, it was necSaying theof thesignworld?"of thy coming, and of the end essarymade forthattheanfailureatonementof Adam,shouldexerbe

that Christ commandment God gave. So mighty that prophecy visioned in a fewMerry Christmas Jesus, answering, broke forth in a cising his free agency, to observe the fell to earth.* that 1 But "Adam bold phrases, the signs at came of his coming

that they men are, Be42 Thus the Only to 40,860 Children aearthquakes,later day. ofHewarsspokeamongof plaguesthe nationsand mightmen mighthave be;joy."and

and of disturbances in the heavens, of gotten of the Father came to earth, to

TN every community, there cdpersecutions of the Saints, of false make atonement for Adam. For again,

as all declared, in die, Paul "As Adam prophets, of betrayers, false of Christs, are underpriv- ways many 87 all in shall even Christ be made of deceivers, those later of John whom so48 to children ileged Santa whom alive."declared "confess not that Christ Jesus Claus Christmas Merry a and is in flesh,"the that come and such a one resurrection; not His deny do we We unrealities. are Fifteen bleak "is antichrist."a deceiver and an it, its literal in sense. most years Salt Tribthe ago, Lake declare that Christ the took up this proclaimWe of Speaking time ancient same an to created une program see a laid that very body down. He And this prophet of said hemisphere the day that of children in family no resurrection, death His and He "lifted would in come the through up when men Salt City withLake go would all the children, graves opened of God's their pride of eyes""put would down

out a Christmas rememthe power and miracles of God, and who in due time will all be resurrected, brance. preach up unto themselves their own—the good and the bad, who thereafter

will final before stand seat the judgment their and wisdom own learning,"—into of the Appealing people receive whatever reward is due them iquities of which Satan the foundato was

38 to Christbring the community for lives led. the they have tion.

mas to the underprivileged, in not the miraculous deny We do Santa"the "Sub for was these antichrists days born. Tn are when life; Christ's it accept as the most we the assistgenerous Through just abroad, as Jesus foretold nearly natural manifestation of the and power

ance of its readers, the cheer two thousand years ago, denying Jesus, authority of the Son of God, whether since of Christmas has his Day Sonship belittling and Messiahship, the miracles healings be of or those44 spirit things chilall of the to 40,860 been extended and magnifying called sometimes "nature miracles,"dren. To them the myth of the pleasures of the flesh, it is fitting that which to us testify directly of His creaSanta Claus has become a we who accept the gospel of Christ tive power.

declare should testimonies our of the reality is their... in hearts the deny, not accept do each and we We "... truth, for said: as he shall ye true of the Christmastide. joy every of the doctrines teachand truth, the truth shall the know and make is This exclusive service 40 anings of Christ, as they were pronounced free."fail in you should duty, our We indication other him. full Salt of the declare by contain they a We trust, recreant to be less our did do we

life and complete plan of salvation and Tribune's of recognition Lake this. than

its trust to the people it serves, and that exaltation in God's presence a trust that goes beyond the "We do not deny the Christ, we accept will come to all those who shape their proclaim as the and him Son of God, the lives thereby. publication of the West's finof the the Redeemer First World,

est family newspaper. Fruits of the Resurrection. Tn that eventful third day of Christ's

We do not deny the miraculous confinal week in the temple, certain ception; we accept the virgin birth with Greeks came to Philip, saying: "Sir, we

all this that fact connotes and implies. would<; finishing see Jesus."Jesus, But 1 4* discourse, himself. went and hid not deny do His divinity; we achis We

cept it. He is the Only Begotten of the Many today seek, just as did the

Father. He is the Word; He was with Greeks, to see Jesus, as if the view of

"in the beginning,"having the God "D. & C 29:41; glory of the Father. II 40:26; Nephi 9:5 ff.; II HelamanNephi 9:6;14:18;AlmaAlma12:16,11:12 32;ff.;

D. & C. 29: 4243; II Nephi 2:2225.

37Matt. 24; 42II Mark 13; Luke 21:5-36; I John 2:18 ff.; 2:25; Neohi 5:11 Moses

4:3 1 Cor. 15:22

ssll 7 John in Hastings Mackenzie Enc. Religion and Ethics,

ff. 3BII 26:20 Nephi Christ, voce sub Jesus Par. 5 (c). y iojohn 8:32 12:2136 John %x i

54 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

..

"BEHOLD THE LAMB OF GOD"him would come for the mere asking. taught,—and God will not leave your

But he is not to be seen from the casual, soul barren, for it is written, "If any curious, or doubting desire. of you lack wisdom, let him ask of God,

To the millions of the humble and that giveth to all men liberally, and uphonest in heart who are discouraged, braideth48 not; and it shall be given

weary, grief stricken, despairing, and him."

who would see Jesus, and who, seeing Then shall you see Jesus; you will

Him, would know Him, we repeat the walk and talk with Him in spirit; and

will that lives will a joy your come this generainto to spokenwords by Jesus this to the brim; being fill your "And forsaketh soultion: "... every is *beginningHERE'S abetterfor the who

his sins and cometh unto me, and life eternal, that they might know thee day... whenever

Christ, true begins. yours Jesus only the and God, drenchedwith Hotcakes goldcalleth obeyeth on name, and my my 49 en, delicious Mapleine Syrup! Three ways sent."Jesus hast Himthou And whomvoice, keepeth commandments, and my to it—savers. of make two sugar them 9 Get has self to Him. For us bade come He I thatshall face am."* see and know my 1 Mapleine magic from your today grocer—all times: all of said to "Come men

is will"to goseasy know. "His The

all that are labor me, and unto ye is is It simple. the Christ 60heavy ofpel "way 3 TO MAPLEINE GRAND WAYS MAKE SYRUP I rest."will For give laden, you and

is plain that that so holiness"of "way-

I I with you, leave peace "Peace my fools, shall not errfaring men, though: giveth, 47 the as not world give unto youtherein."pour cups 2 boiling water I be heart not you. your give Let unto

151 over cups 4 sugar truth, leave seek say you who we To it afraid."let neither troubled, be 1 add teaspoon Mapleineoff, false path, out of the your sweep

I that witness leave with you stir.. my you and have rationalizing, spiritthereasonings, the

is Christ, the pints very the Messiah Jesus 2 Mapleine Syrup questioningdestroying of men, who the of the that to come, Redeemer was kill faith themselves thewithout would the of Fruits First Resurrecthe World, faith off others; trying leave to of make boil cups lVa water hot all. tion, of us Savior the

finite into reach cups cornyour mind 3 syrup comand prehend the knowledge and wisdom of May God add to and perfect the for 5 minutes testimonies of all of us, I humbly pray, add 1 teaspoon Mapleine infinite; thethe read good yourbook

stir and you have in Christ's name. Amen. faith;selves in humility while and pray

pint* 2 Mapleine.. Syrup live read; the doctrinesyou 1:5 Jesus James

John 17:3 *eD. & C. 93:1 >Matt. 11:28

47Isaiah 35:8 KJohn H:27 heat 1 cup hot water

Vi cup strained honey IVi cups corn syrup

add Maple'ne 1 teaspoon

... stir and you have EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS Bring to full boil.

(Concluded from page 29) he experiences earth life, with its joys 2 pints Mapleine Syrup need, of man, for an individual, personal and sorrows: then bids it farewell, to

identity on earth as in heaven. enter into another life where he conBy reincarnation the power of God tinues with added power, in the advanclimited. also existence. usesseems the ing of to be program He He outFLAVOR IMITATION MAPLE

spirits relatively eternalsame, over few, throughout the past and grows exThe. 7%u/ot utTUfiCetUne 'SxfoaWefy''

over again, endlessly, to accomplish istence. Reincarnation moves in a circle;

whatever may be his purpose. He seems the gospel in an ascending spiral. Exto be short of material and vague in his istence without a definite objective, but

purpose. This is out of harmony with with constant repetitions, is valueless.

the gospel, which teaches that there is Finally, reincarnation is incompat- a host of spirits waiting to take upon ible with the resurrection of the body, that service bodies, of Jesus mortalthemselves the redeeming and the through of if q a]77la*$ie$ay6 will changing Christ. existencenext stage of continuous come when The

this has been accomplished. bodies makes the resurrection and any ysm

This doctrine of confusion presents redeeming act, unnecessary. It places

no final objective in life. It seems to the Christ in the class of fakirs. A

suggest only living over and over again Christian cannot believe in reincarnaon earth, much the same experiences, tion. That should be, in itself, a suffisometimes as a man, sometimes as somecient answer to the question at the head

thing else. To what ultimate state does of this writing. J. A. W.

it affairs, in solus? lead human Even

Reincarnation, References: The Hope of JO* S*&V fight battle indiers a many who may Irving S. Cooper; Reverend the World, places, at last tovarious end an come Forgotten Truth, Reincarnation, Study of Rt. A sets defeat. or Reincarnationvictory Walker. E. D.

up no understandable objective of exPASTEURIZED SKIM MILK istence, except that we are advancing; GIVES IT GOODNESS

but how and to what end? It reduces the

spirit of man to the position of a treadmill worker in the affairs of the universe. Some say that the end is nirvana,

first held to be extinction of existence;

now a fusion into a mass of security.

That does not help.

This is in clearest opposition to the doctrine of progression, which lies fundamentally in the gospel of the Lord life of objective Christ.Jesus The is sis immf likeness of the God.to toward move

Man rises continually. Once on earth,

JANUARY, 1945 55 owi Ours mVagc Italy almost anything, good or bad. I'm very happy that I was able

Dear Editors: to pass the Era to them. Some just read the stories, others

received your greetings a day or so ago, and wish to express more, and many times I have seen them reach for the Bible to scripture, to interested in are they proves check a which me thoughtfulness for your to appreciation you and thanks I my the subject the reading. are they has about This brought which lonely far and in these fellows other away and of thinking of me

I reading of have. other books it to blessing brought the joyous I express cannot countries.

I itself the to add, as has might proved a "silent Era me things are you and Church of proud and am me you—the will times, at right missionary"the hand to continue be and on helpful than more appreciated and greatly are for they doing,

if will helping lend hand. but a we surmise. individuals may many Sincerely, been accomplishments have great things, these doing By Barrett Haws J. is that victory certain are ourselves more acquired, and we

ours, for the selfish shall be conquered. We know what we

are fighting for, and shall not give up till the world is freepeace and happiness restored—and all continents are back to CORRECTION

normal. grateful to The Improvement sending me you for very I am evenings enjoyable year. this again Many Era were spent IN Mormonthe DecemberWife—the1944 issueLife ofStorythe ofEraAugustain the articleWinters"A

reading each issue of last year's and I know that I will enjoy Grant,"the caption under the picture titled Rebecca Burthis year's as well. dick Winters, mother of Augusta, should have read:

May you and members of the Church have the strength, MaryAnn Frost Stearns, grandmother of Augusta.

health, and will to carry on your great works.

I remain Sincerely yours, Was That Nice?

Richard W. Naylor Janie:

$ Mary: "I"Gracious—whatjust can't bear towentthinkwrong?"of my thirtieth birthday."

Vancouver, Washington Dear Editors: The Truth Will Out

BROTHER Bales and I are local missionaries and we are doing Professor: "I am going to speak on liars today. How many

special work with our servicemen. We have formed a of you have read the twentyfifth chapter of the text?

group known as "The Lost Tribe Fireside Group."Only Nearly every student raised his hand.

servicemen of our faith and L.D.S. girls who are living up to Professor: "Good. You are the group to whom I wish to

the Word of Wisdom can belong. Now we are studying the speak. There is no twentyfifth chapter.

Book of Mormon and have a class of one and onehalf hours to study each Friday evening, and the rest of the evening is Rejoinder spent in dancing, games, and other activities. Witness: 'I thinkThe boys named their own group as most of them felt Lawyer: "We don't care what you think, What we want

that in a way they were lost to the Church and so after voting to know is what you know."

on a name they agreed on the "Lost Tribe."We as a group Witness: "If you don't want to know what I think, I may

have been given the assignment of the Era drive. As as well leave the witness box. I can't talk without thinking.

sponsors of the group they are signing Brother Bales'and my I'm not a lawyer."

name, so we expect to reach at least thirty subscriptions before

April 1, and I know we will make it by then. We need just Reciprocal

one to be over our quota, and I have that coming in Sunday. "I'll give you fifty cents if you'll wash your face,"said the

Brother Bales and I would like to have our group have the college professor to his small son.

credit for this as we are proud of our young men and young "Keep it and get a haircut,"was the young hopeful's reply.

women.

Yours sincerely, Practice Makes Perfect

Brother and Sister John W. Bales At the Lincoln County picnic at Vineland, the rollingpin

-$- throwing contest was won by Mrs. W. H. Upsall, who threw

India the rollingpin 67 feet. Her husband won the 100yard dash for

Dear Editors: married men. e

There is no other group of men who have their finger on Bit by Bit the pulse of the world as do the leaders of the Church of Barbara (whose first tooth has just dropped out): "Mummy,

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. mummy, quick! I'm coming to pieces!"

The conference issue answered the wants and questions of us all. The hope and faith in the resurrection, the guidance given Ah, Me

reality exist, that service, in the the of conditions the those and Little give "Papa, money."some John: me

finally, correct are are to take to steps them, and our if we we Papa: money, do you Johnnie?"want "Why

refreshed. the has future been Little "Well, to John: suppose a robber was stop me and

in bless the that endeavors your Lord you we may faithMayin I life,'say, or 'Your hadn't your and money money."any

leaders. the of inspired to receive continue words our

Sincerely, Mannerly Little Man

"What would you say if I came to school without washing my &W. O. Karl E. Lingwall hands?""What dirty hands you have, Jimmy,"said the young teacher.

San Francisco, California "Shouldn't say nuffin',"replied Jimmy. "I'd be too polite."

Dear Editors:

have read many a testimony of the good work the Era is He Was Right at That

I doing, at home, in the mission fields, and in the armed forces. Johnny was learning the alphabet and was asked by his

Many of our own people are finding out just how valuable teacher what letter came after "H."

it really is. "I dunno."

In the days I have spent on the Gilbert and Marshall Islands, "What have I on each side of my nose?"

reading material has been hard to get. The fellows would read "Freckles."

56 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA WELLCHOSEN BOOKS--

BOOKCRAFT offers particular advantages to those who enjoy good reading.

Only the finest of books are offered, each one carefully selected for its wealth of information, its historical value, inspiring truths, beauty of expression, or other outstanding qualities. You will like the convenience, too, of buying from BOOKCRAFT—for your personal library or for

your friends. Just order by mail or telephone, or come to our office at 18 Richards Street, just south of the main Tabernacle gates. We pay all postage.

JOSEPH SMITH:

PROPHETSTATESMAN By Dr. G. Homer Durham

A book of noteworthy significance. The teachings of Joseph Smith assume new importance in the light of world developments. Here—in

philospolitical set forth an amazing additiondied—is to religious teachings for which he

experion religious and practical ophy based ence, tempered with keen human understandfield of ing. The

treated here vidual, national, his writings selectionsworldwide—ishuman relationships—indifrom in thirtyseven

and utterances. Study this book... and

catch a new point of view for the solution of world problems, now and in the reconstruction period of tomorrow. This is a MUST book

for every home and ward library.

EVIDENCES AND

RECONCILIATIONS By Dr. John A. Widtsoe kmm4mmmmmmm> USE THIS HANDY ORDER BLANK *"

Discussing questions asked by inquiring minds... a book of particular value to youth and

their guidance. to with entrusted those Company An The BDDKCRAFT missionaries, gift teachers, for students, ideal Utah 18 Richards Street, Salt Lake City 1. it applioffers practical for servicemen, and

to problems cations of Mormonism arising in Please send, postage prepaid, the books checked below:

world. this confused and complex

Price: S1.85. Joseph Smith: ProphetStatesman $2.25 DUnto the Hills $1.50

By Dr. G. Homer Durham By Richard L. Evans

. Smith $1.25 D Way toBy PerfectionJoseph Fielding HIS MANY MANSIONS D The GospelByKingdomJohn Taylor—$2.25

$3.00 $2.00 Colonizer Constancy Amid Change Young, The Brigham S. Howells Rulon By D

E. A. R. Hunter Dr. Milton Bowen By By

authoritative clear, concise, and Presenting....$2.00.25 Skeptic Discovers $ of Mormonism Minds Master Discourses A G churchChristian thirteen of leading T. B. Riggs Lundwall By N. W. By Christ of the Jesus Church analyseses—including $1.85 International Bible No. 115..$2.75 Winston Reconciliations and Evidences histories, Doctrines, andof Saints. Latterday

administrative organizations are set forth in By Dr. John A. Widtsoe Winston International Bible No. 157..S7.50

For this volume. a better 250page $2.50 unique Glory This For My $3.50 Apostle The Christian of contemporary Bailey Paul By Asch Sholem By appreciation for a understandingchurches—and $2.50 Saint The Gay $2.75 Thunderhead of D MANSIONS. your HIS deeperMANY own—read Bailey Paul By O'Hara By Mary

$2.25. Price: $2.00 Covenant Race God's $2.00 of Whispers Canyon

H. Anderson James By L. A. Wadsworth By

Z\ Hurlbut's Story THE GOSPEL KINGDOM Gospel StandardsBy Heber J. Grant $2.25 By J. ofL. theHurlbutBible $2.50

$2.00 Taylor Great Answer John The By $2.00 See I Wanted

Margaret Runbeck Lee By Borghild Dahl Byto of the writings compilation A Mansions His Many $2.75 Robe $2.25 The of the of president the third

Howells Rulon S. By C. Douglas Lloyd By prophetically, andChurch—whothediscoursesstrength keenly, understood

.50 $ the Prophetic Warnings people, Inspired of his the and weaknesses and $2.00 Candle D Traveler's that confronted N. B. Lundwall dangers opportunities By and F. M. Updegraff By

of inspired left guidance them. a wealth $1.00 Lines $1.25 Behind the the Net Gospel Din as that are truths and A. Fisher By George Dr. A. Widtsoe counsel—farreachingHe John By

as family today your applicable and to you.35 $ Faith on Lectures

they then. were B. N. Lundwall By (Check or money order) en- $2.50 $ F. Smith Joseph Price: S2.25 closed. (To priesthood quorums. $1.80) U Life

Fielding Smith Joseph ofBy C.O.D. Send

$1.25 of the Times Signs

By Joseph Fielding Smith

B. Lundwall N. By CO. THE Temples of the Most High $2.00 Name BOOKCRAFT The Vision $1.29 Address I

N. B. 18 Lundwall By Richards Street

Salt Lake City 1. Utah'This DayByandRichardAlwaysL. Evans $1.50 -

I.

RETURN POSTAGE GUA$

(jJaqofL UMuudtL..

How well they served their day!

... yielding at last to steel, to rubber, and to wings. Human progress is finding better ways to meet

the problems of today.

Life insurance, for example, can at once provide security for your loved ones, should you be taken from them.

aUHifiIMS a RAM EK&BKiii Heber J. Grant, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah