IMPROVEMENT

MAY 1953

ELDER ADAM S. BENNION

Are You This Man

THE MAN:

Employed now but desiring to improve earnings and opportunity

Married—Age 3050—

vigorous health Experience i n Executive Sales, Advertising or Promotion desirable

Integrity, Personality, Ambition, and Faith in Self essential

We want Idea men oriflb THE POSITION:

Divisional Sales Representatives

Contacting Hospital and Advertising Executives

Potential Earnings #7,00015,000 during the first year

Excellent Opportunities in all Areas Reached by this Magazine Unusual Business Renewal Program THE COMPANY:

An Intermountain Sales Organization

Owned and Managed by L.D.S. Men

Furnishes Radios and Television to Hospitals

Years of Successful Operating Experience

Planning Nationwide Expansion

If you qualify please write giving full information on experience and background to...

AMERICAN SERVICE COMPANY 250 WEST 6700 SOUTH BOUNTIFUL, UTAH 7rt"WCX(/M6$* cwac&Aiys7&Yf

by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

*'KT( assachusettsmerit Station Agriculturalhas found thatExperisoils can be improved by the addition of carbon black. In amounts as little as

0.7 percent by weight or two tons an

acre mixed into the top two inches of soil, by darkening the soil the absorption of sunlight is increased. This delays freezing in the fall, advances time

of iceremoval in the spring, and also has an increase in waterholding capacity. There is no food value in the Ovalshaped TOWN HOUSE Crackers are carbon black.

baked sideways. The "grain"of each cracker

"p\jR. Raymond L. Ditmars has given across the oval.*-** examples of false nature ideas held runs with your bite—

by some people, among them: Warts are

contracted by handling toads; parrots

are especially fond of crackers; hippopotamuses sweat blood; rats know when

a ship is doomed and desert it before its last voyage; an ostrich will stick its

head in the sand and think it is hidden from an enemy's eyes; thirsty travelers That's why they break

the desert always can on find a supply clean when you bite in their of water camel's stomachs.

'em. There's no crumStates of CanadianUnited example 7V n

**"bling—no crumbs. cooperation, inpeace, and close

dustrial and corporate interrelationships is shown by railroads. The Canadian

Pacific and Canadian National railroads operate and control about 6,600 miles of road in the United States, and

United States railroads about 1,550 miles in Canada. ftw*!&

\ s part of a comprehensive program ** 'to utilize all possible sources of water in the new state of Israel, Israeli scientists have pioneered in dew research and discovered that crops can be matured in the Negev Desert using dew alone.

QtfFRArrT t ow long does it take to "draw"a * the average * gun? Though

needed and shoot by draw time cocker /#25yews! a man to

is seconds, one and twothirds Chaungreatest of the 7ky$o/H7bVAYf cey Thomas, one of the revolver experts on the frontier, once pulled a belt gun and hit a target ten yards away in threefifths of a second.

A member of the F. B. I. in some police

tests drew his revolver and put one shot into each of three targets in one

Purity Biscuit Co.... Salt Lake City... Pocatello Phoenix seconds. and threetenths

MAY 1953 297 POWER, FAITH, AND DOMINION I OPPORTUNITY I JOSEPH VlSSARIONOVICH DjUGASHVILI, 1 for 1 known as Stalin, was reported dead

Registered Nurses = March 5, 1953, at the age of 73. Born by Dr. G. Homer Durham

December 21, 1879, in Gori, Tiflis, UNIVERSITY OF UTAH in our new Georgia (in the Caucasus region of the

NeuroPsychiatric Section - now-U.S.S.R.), Stalin began a life of

With or Without Experience revolution at age fifteen. He was then

student in a Christian theological

H Excellent training facilities for = seminary at Tiflis. This might demonthat he does now reveal, and we believe

inexperienced those are who great that reveal yet he will and manyH but p strate of the curriculum that the school this field. in interested= things to the pertaining important kingdom his to youngsters one sends not may

of of Article Faith.) (Ninth God.

"k "saferesult necessarily 5 day, 44 in something hour week k 2 consecutive days=j off = Stalin's andsound."mother hopewas Furthermore, learned he have might holidays * paid 8 ful that enter the her would boy min-

*k coverage Blue Cross that, to contrary undoubtedly was what istry. to sent thought, she him, She "fc 2 vacation paid weeks == is Tiflis, at there taught fundamental no

k policies religious Liberal personnel "proper"environment. the

conflict revelation between and human k conditions Pleasant working M religious instituexpect a would Who fact, in revelation freedom; primary the PAY PREMIUM * 1 greatest of to tion the breed communist

of as of Price Pearl the Great God, all! openings them= Also for Registered Nurses for || renders it, is that man is free to choose Hospital. the General == Lesson number one for these times for himself.

=j For additional information or inmay well be that the pursuit of truth, = terview please write or call rather than mere following after what And I, the Lord God, commanded the resembles, or announces itself as truth, man, saying: Of every tree of the garden

is the important thing. thou mayest freely eat,1 THOMAS D. DEE I Human institutions may But of the tree of the

evil, of good knowledge and to the look former HOSPITAL MEMORIAL it, of shalt eat not thouI rather constancy, | wellwith UTAH OGDEN, nevertheless, thou mayest easily, the ''%. Si 4L* assume, than

it is thyself, for for choose operated by andS Owned role.

r?fl... Christ of thee. of Jesus Church given unto the = latter

l/'-t if Stalin Perhaps had Saints Latterday 3:1617.) (Moses to the gone Sorbonne,

Berlin, Oxford, an Amerstate university, ican exposed to the been had or B;yseventeen,the timeStalinhe waswas

equivalent of a modern general educacovertly conducting Marxist study groups tion in his native land (in an instituinside the seminary. For this he

tion peopled and occupied by serious was finally expelled May 29, 1899, scholars devoted to the search for obat the age of nineteen. Thenceforward

jective truth), enough winds of diverse he met Lenin in December 1905 in Finviewpoints might have caught up with land, became an original member of his restless mind, and those of his the party's politburo in May 1917, generation, as to have convinced them helped plan the October 1917 revolution, and him of the vastness and complexity and when Lenin died January 21, $2 KozaK of the universe. Instead he acquired the 1924, stepped forward as already secreover-simplified to date, party, to of the tary materialism, Marxist become, DRYwashes Your Car being stimulus in the powerful which offered haven and most human

50 to WO Times FREE! reaction from Russian orthodoxy. Marxthe twentieth century. Before his deathof

original auto easy. and The status of then a "divinity,"the acquired ism as now, professed to have all StalinCLEANS

sold to the finest 10,000,000 It is people. answers.""the 800,000,000 perhaps among unsiiccessful of for imitatorspeople DRY! HundredsWash.autos fast

equal success27 years! or on Cadillac Use with

cleans,priceless dirt, polishes, antique. Removes It is unfortunate that Czarist Russia said that neither Malenkov, Beria, Molotime,saves work, needed money. tov, water Bulganin, Kaganovich No nor (named Tiflis reflect the did not Seminary and finish.safe, protects seconds, a save Takes few

official in in that order the communique firstentire use. cost be on you must And creative of a asthe atmosphere "univerit tickled pink,tonished, or and keep the of both government announcing new sity,"interests.get your return mail! "universal"by back moneydelighted, with Free

state party), the can Russian and soft, big, pileWe'll send deep to you KozaKs, discussion into the have incorporated might friends:and/or addresses.) (Give names, status. read similar acquire soon To life studies comparative Russian from (Will hours, save $100, i, oratexts of funeral the the completeponKegular tf-,|/\KozaK: sore muscles) all parts of world. the that In event,

1 for for for for 5 12 3 $8, $2, $5, $18 of tions Beria, Molotov, Malenkov, and restless fifteenyear-old the might have (lost 4 longer) timesSuper: is order, delivered to understand in that of across writings the an obscure come 1 for for 2 5 for $5, $3, $10 of their of this matter something and Kit Plaid (Beautiful extra) Gloves and Bag $1 others, Smith, American, Joseph among

Order Now From and found the great doctrine that must "problem."

KOZAK, 132 S. Lyon St., Batavia, New York always underline the human approach To have such power over men is to

raise 132 S. Lyon St. Bcitaviij, KozaK, consideration, a second and unis all New York to known, not now finality—that

lose Please $ to important lesson doubtedly the most that indeed be but known; may never

some things, and some very important be gained from the rise, life, and death things, may be known, and used as a of Stalin. As this lesson is contemsafe guide to human action: plated, the mind's eye reverts to the

City & Zone Stcte troublous thirties, the age of dictators,

Sat isfaction guaranteed or money back We believe all that God has revealed, all (Concluded on page 358) 298 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Two New Members Appointed

to General Board ol Y.W.M.I.A.

Mrs. and Parker HuldaMiss been Merrill have Dolores G.

board to the general appointed m of the Mutual Im- m$rms Young Women's

Association. provement

secretary to Elder Ezra Complete Stock of Miss Parker,

Taft Benson of the Council of the

Twelve for the past five years, is a GENEALOGY former missionary of the Canadian

Mission. For more than half of that SUPPLIES

mission she served as supervisor of the mission Sunday Schools. Now Available at Bookeralt

She is a former student of Brigham Whatever you need in genealogy supplies,

Young University, and she taught you'll find them available at your Bookcraft service for binders, guide Onestop at the Duchesne High School for two Dealer.

of Authority Sheets, shets, forms, Line and onehalf years.... everything you want to make your worketc.

Miss Parker has served constantly easier and more pleasant. Save time...

in a Church teaching capacity, both saveordermoney!now fromCheckyouroverlocalthedealer.list below and

in the Sunday School and the Y.W. &

M.I. A. Her teaching assignments

have been varied—in Sunday School

she has taught every age group of mm children up to and including high school students. In the M.I.A. she P

has served as speech and drama director and teacher in the Junior and il

Gleaner classes. One of these classes

had a membership of 125 college stuARIZONA CALIFORNIA IDAHO SALT LAKE dents.

The daughter of Mrs. Joseph W. RECORD BINDERS

Parker, she is a member of the HereAVAILABLEare beautifulWITHinexpensiveFOUR DIFFERENTbinders withTEMPLESthe gold

Draper First Ward, Mt. Jordan (Salt embossedCalifornia templeor Arizona.of yourPerfectchoice for—SaltgenealogicalLake, Idaho,reLake County) Stake. search, family histories, etc. Black or brown leatherette covering.

Only $3.00 each—Deluxe Binder $5.00

GUIDE SHEETS 10 guide sheet dividers—Book of Remembrance, Sacred

Memories, Our Married Life, Our Children, Our Families, Life Stories, Ancestry, Friendship's Garden,

Favorite Poetry and Stories and Hobbies and Activities. Complete with instructions and suggestions on

sheets. how to personalize your guide f\f\

Per set, only *p nI.UU

GENEALOGY FORMS PACKET NO. 1 PACKET NO. 2

Includes: 35 Family Includes: 50 Family

Group Sheets, -10 PediGroup Sheets and 15 gree Charts, 5 Family Pedigree Charts.

History Sheets, 5 PerPACKET NO. 3

sonal Record Sheets Includes: 65 Pedigree

and 3 Picture Pedigree Charts.

Charts. 4 PACKET NO. Dolores G. Merrill Hulda Parker

65 Family $1.00 Sheets. EACH PACKET Includes:Group

Mrs. Merrill has long served the

Church and its youth. For three With theseLINE5 OFillustratedAUTHORITYLine of AuthoritySHEETS

you'll Sheets to trace authority be ableyears, 194043, manual she was the to from present time back Joseph

Smith. sheets, 5 with only 70f'**"Completecounselor (Salt in the Highland Lake

City) Stake Y.W.M.LA. presidency, ACETATE PROTECTION SHEET

after serving three years as Gleaner tateProtectprotectionyour valuablesheets. recordsKeep withyour acerec-

leader on the stake board. She was ordsmarks.free of dust, smudges andPer fingersheet wJVQr

the first Y.W.M.LA. president to serve

Order Direct From Your Local Dealer in the then newly organized Sugar

House Stake and had the same honor when the Hillside Stake was organized. Bookcraft86 South Main Salt Lake City Utah Since last September, Mrs. Merrill 11

(Concluded on page 350) MAY 1953 299.

Lyfpclat \Jraan of THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, IMPROVEMENT MUTUALTIONS, DEPARTMENTIMPROVEMENTOFASSOCIAEDUCA-

TION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF

Jke Lhurch of

/reins Lkriit

of oLattefdaiA Jaintd

Editors: DAVID O. McKAY - RICHARD L. EVANS

Managing Editor: DOYLE L. GREEN

Associate Managing J. Manuscript Editor: ELIZABETH Editor:MOFFITTMARBAResearchC. JOSEPHSONEditor: ALBERT L. Jke Ccover

ZOBELL, JR. - "Today's Family"Editor: RUBY H. MORGAN

G. Contributing DURHAM HOMER ARCHIBALD of 123rd annual the the features One of

- LEE A. PALMER N1BLEY - FRANKLIN Editors: JR. - HUGHF. BENNETT of sustaining the conference general was B. SPERRY - SIDNEY B. PETERSEN CLAUDES. HARRIS,

- of General R. as BERTHA S. Associate Manager: Manager: a member Bennion ELBERT CURTIS Adam

- Advertising Business D. Manager: GILES JOHN of vacancy the Twelve. Council VERL F. S.SCOTTREEDER Elderthe A

Director: Subscription SNARRDirector: A. GLEN of the since death there has existed

Elder John A. Widtsoe last November.

This photographic study of Elder Bennion is the work of Hal Rumel. (See also page

307.) The Editor's Page OTHER PICTURE CREDITS

Anchored in the Truth President David O* McKay 309 Salt Lake Tribune, 310; Hal Rumel, 319;

H. Orlick, 320; Eva Luoma, 322; Alaska

Steamship Co., 326, 327; Harold M. Lambert, 364.

Church Features

Adam S* Bennion, New Apostle - 307

Your Question. Joseph Fielding Smith 310 EDITORIAL AND BUSINESS OFFICES

Profane Not the Name of Thy God! Spencer W* Kimball 320 50 North Main Street

Who is the Author of the Plan of Salvation?....Bruce R. McConkie 322 Y.M.M.I.A. Offices, 50 North Main St.

Y.W.M.I.A. Offices, 40 North Main St. The Stick of Judah and the Stick of Joseph—Conclusion

Hugh Nibley 331 Salt Lake City 1, Utah

Two New Members Appointed to Genealogy 316 Copyright 1953 by Mutual Funds, Inc., a Corporation Improvement of the Men's Mutual Young..299 354 Priesthood Melchizedek General of Y.W.M.I.A. Board

of Christ of Jesus of the Church 356 Association.304 Presiding Bishopric's Page Church The Moves On All rights reserved. SubSaints. Latterday

scription price, $2.50 a year, in advance; foreign

subscriptions, $3.00 a year, in advance; 25c

Special features singleEnteredcopy.at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah,

as secondclass matter. Acceptance for mailing

What Did the Prophet Joseph Smith Look Like? at1103,specialAct rateof Octoberof postage1917,providedauthorizedfor in Julysection2,

Marba C. Josephson 311 1918.

The Lineage of Queen Elizabeth II Archibald F* Bennett 316 ThesolicitedImprovementmanuscripts,Era butis notwelcomesresponsiblecontributions.for un-

A Bit of the Orient Albert L. Zobell, Jr. 319 All manuscripts must be accompanied by sufficient

The Gospel in Alaska....From materials submitted by Wm. R. Sloan 324 postage for delivery and return.

The Spoken Word from Temple Square—

Richard L. Evans 332, 336, 343, 344 Change of Address

Exploring the Universe, Franklin Attention, Utah Poets!....302 dress.Fifteen Whendays'orderingnotice requireda change,for changeplease includeof ad-

S. Harris, Jr..-.....297 Skip It! Alice M. Read....351 address slip from a recent issue of the magazine.

unless the old be cannot changes made Address Faith, Dealer's Choice, David E. Lofgren..355 Power, and Times: These is included. one as well as the new

..298 376 address Dominion, G. Your Page and Ours Durham Homer

Today's Family National Advertising Representatives

Saying Thanks Out Loud, Annie Priscilla M. Mather...366

Laurie Von Tungeln 364 For Spring Firesides, Ruby H.

You Can Do It! Hoop Apron, Morgan 368 EDWARD S. RussTOWNSENDBuilding COMPANY

San Francisco, California EDWARD S. TOWNSEND COMPANY

ies, Poetry Los 1324AngelesWilshire17, CaliforniaBlvd.

SADLER AND SANGSTON ASSOCIATES 342 Madison Ave. 326 S. Stewart Margery Bright Warrior The

17, York N. Y.

Coles 328 New Difference Lund in Age Christie The

DAVIS SONS & St. 30 N. LaSalle 306 Rainy Poetry Morning, Georgia Moore Page

Illinois Chicago, Eberling 350 Garden, Margaret O. Dedham

Slicer.302

Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

300 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

New—makes room color planning easy to do! m

Now! RugKeyed

room color schemes—created for you by

Fuller's Color Control Staff Carryin this yourfree colorfolder—plan

See your color scheme before Your rug color is the key to your you buy paint! Shop with it

room color plan! Now Fuller shows and prevent color errors

you a wide choice of authentic paint before you buy fabrics.

color schemes—each keyed to a basic For easy painting use

news!—rug color.yourIt's easy,today'ssurebiggestway todecoratingachieve LatexbaseFul-Color'sFULCOLORvelvet-soft finish

color balance in any room. Only wink,lasts foragainyears;and washesagain, within a

Fuller has this new rugkeyed just a damp cloth.

color planning service. Use

it to beautify your home.

it; J

See how easy it is to have good looking rooms Here's all you do:—turn ONE DAY. FulColor works so

to your rug color in Fuller's easily you'll do a room in new RugKeyed Color Plan ONE day. Brush, roller clean

books on that page you'll under your water faucet in a matter of minutes.find paint colors—ceiling,

wallscolor—andcreatedeven anto accentgo with

your rug. Simple, sure,

authentic

ONE HOUR. FulColor dries

so fast you can reoccupy your room in ONE hour. No

"painty"odor, ever!

Fuller & Co.

colorEach carries for a Jewel number it easy Case to make you A convenient color planning center—to pick out actual Jewel swatches. Case home Take them

for study in your room—to compare with your present your neighborhood FULLER PAINT DEALERfurnishings. A complete color planning service for you!—a good place to go!

%;.;!;:;:.:.:::.v:vr:V!v:V....-:.;::;i;:;:;;;:;:...::.::;:;:.;:;:;: Attention, Utah Poets!

TheC. UtahCameronPoetryJohns,Society,president,headed byis jj%tem brings you undertaking the publishing of an

a new kind of, anthologybe known ofaspoetryUtahoverSings,the state,Volumeto deluxe engine air travel! Three.chairman Mrs.for theMaryhaleproject, Woolseywhich willis

follow in general the precedents set by Volumes One and Two of Utah

Sings, which came out in 1935 and 1942, respectively.

The object is to present as many poets and as much of their work since 1942, as possible. It is hoped that

this book can be off the press by

Poetry Day, October 15, 1953.

Emphasis will be on works previously published since inclusion of unpublished poems would preclude later possible sales. Poets should first obtain full information and registration

forms by writing to the chairman, registration committee—Mrs. Louis

Di Enes, 1760 Harvard Avenue, Salt

Lake City 5, Utah.

Since poems themselves should be in the hands of the editorial committee by May 15, 1953, poets should not delay requesting information. A

selfaddressed and stamped envelope will facilitate the work of the committee and prevent errors. nonstop DCBB's

from DEDHAM GARDEN

Slicer Margaret O. By SALT LAKE CITY

spot spring HPhis is a could dream where * awhile.

And dreaming half forget the other world

The dark trees hide from view. Here pansies to LOS ANGELES and smile,

And daffodils, their golden cups unfurled,

Drink in the scent of lilac buds. And here

MINNEAPOLISSI PAUL AThatgentleholyhushplacesprevails—ahave. Thematchlesssentient calmear

May find in quietness a mystic psalm.

This is a spot where spring could dream and then Leave dreams behind to grow and beatsweet fruit,

Half hoping that this time will come again

With summer on its heels in swift pursuit;

Half fearing, too, that April may be shocked

To find the garden bare, the small gate locked.

WESTERN AIR LINES

302 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THOUGHTS at 4 A. M.

It's four o'clock in the morning, and war or peace, fire or flood... life insurance on payrolls, contribute to the highest livall the world's asleep. is every man's "best buy."ing standards known to man.

But one man's head shifts upon his They also realize that the dollars they Whether you are interested in figures pillow. He hears the plaintive whistle of a pay in premiums do more than just proor not, The Equitable's 1952 financial

train in the distance, and the murmur of vide protection for their families... because statement testifies to America's faith in

the wind in the trees. They seem to echo these dollars contribute in large measure life insurance as the basic means of prohis thoughts. to the overall security of their country. tecting one's family and one's self.

Thoughts that will not let him sleep. While earning interest for the memSo, to the sleepless man in the picture

"What will happen to Janie and the bers of The Society, these premiumdollars above we say, "To be sure your family children if anything happens to me? How finance scores of industries, railroads, and will be secure, call your Equitable reprecan I be sure they'll be secure?"homes; help maintain millions of people tentative today."

His mind flashes back to the terrifying moment a week ago when a truck shot out of a side road without warning. If he Condensed Statement of Condition as of December 31, 1952

OBLIGATIONS RESOURCES his to just able in car hadn't swerve been * Bonds and Funds Stocks Cent Per( U. future cover S. payments Policyholders'To obligations. Government 8.8) 578, $ 532,808 time... the of nick then? what insurance underconof annuity z.8) and Dominion obligations Canada 181

tracts force utility bonds ((12.5) (81.9) 55,378,522,180

policyholddeposit ( for Held PublicRailroad obligations 8.8) 824,578, I getting morbid,"wonders, he "Am ers beneficiaries ( andonin obligations 5.3) 2.024 (30.8) 349,336,379

left Dividends and IndustrialOther 3.6) bonds 237 it's just realistic? I "or time Anyway, onat deposit Society (( with annuitiesthe 1.7) Preferred and stocks guaranteed 110

., ( interest ( 2.5) stocks 0.2) 10 166,143,981 908,245046,123898,549100,327507,345645,337102,341 Common

in of family's Policy process thinking claims future about stopped my 0.5) ( payment 33,336,365 Real Mortgages Estate and

in paid advance by Premiums it!"started doing something about (17.5) Residential business and and 1,153,505,556 1.3) ( policyholders 88,298,369 ( mortgages Farm 226,032,496 to unpaid Dividends and due ( office 3.4)0.2) 11,401,221 &

. O.l) ( policyholders 7,259,663 other developmentsbranch buildingsand.....'.mtges. disfor dividends Allotted as ( do? can he 2.7) HomeHousingreal estate 175,065,207 What 1.3) ( tribution 86,451,088 during 1953

Other Assets Liabilities Other millions family are of There men ( 86,638,650 Cash 0.4) other state 23,990,000 and 1.3)1.7).... inequipment unearned accrued, Taxes—federal,Expenses ((( 2.4) to 109,502,039157,551,536 policyholders of the obligations. The 5,500,000 members other among and ((. 0.2)0.5) collec-... in of process 12,552,04430,579,957 LoansTransportationPremiums reserve. valuation Securityterest

( 0.8) 51,651,972 Society Life Assurance Equitable who Surplus Funds and and due

(.. 6.0). 395,224,468 ( all 0.8) contingencies. 54,604,742 cover assets rentalsother.... To and Interesttionaccrued this realfaced problem. have same They

(100.0) 56,571,694,494 (100. $6,571,694,494 Total Total 0)

deflation, or ize that regardless of inflation public deposit on $6,255,866 value all at their amortized stated are withof accordance requirements of Associationand all other the the 31, valued on as withare markedlaw Inbonds*Includinfr and Nationalliabilities. addition,at security is as In required,quotationsbondsauthorities.asubject includedprescribed the reserve1952, Decemberto valuationamortization Insurance amongby Commissioners.stocks

THE EQUITABLE Life Assurance Society of The United States

HOME OFFICE: 393 SEVENTH AVENUE, NEW YORK 1, N. Y.

MAY 1953 303 the Church moves On

Events A Day To Day Chronology Of Church

The Logan Temple District - Genefive thousand dollars to get this foundaMarch 1953 alogical Library was organized at Logan, tion under way.

1 Cannon Stake, the 204th unit of Utah, which will include the twenty Elder Willard Larson Jones was set

A the Church, was formed from porstakes of the temple district. A former apart as second counselor in the Salt

tions of Pioneer Stake in Salt Lake City. organization was the Cache County Lake Temple presidency.

Elder Fred H. Peck, Jr., was sustained Genealogical Library.

as president of the stake, with Elder This was the beginning of the an- O President David O. McKay dedi-

C. Leland Davey as first counselor and nual M MenGleaner week throughout cated the chapel of the LaurelcrestElder Donald M. Bagley as second the Church. BeaconBeacon Second wards, Monucounselor. Presidents Peck and Davey ment Park (Salt Lake City) Stake.

held the same positions in the Pioneer Elder Harold B. Lee of the CounKlamath Stake organized from porStake. The Cannon Stake, with a memcil of the Twelve dedicated the tions of the Klamath Falls and the

bership of 4135, is comprised of the chapel of the Heber City First Ward, Rogue River districts of the Northern

Jordan Park, Cannon, Glendale Park Wasatch (Utah) Stake. California Mission, with Elder Carroll

First, and Glendale Park Second wards. William Smith sustained as president

Sustained as president of Pioneer Stake and Elders Raymond Merrill Schiffman was Elder Henry A. Smith, formerly This past week the walls for the and Ronald Earl Phair as his counselors.

second counselor in the stake presifirst floor began to rise for the Wards formed in the new stake are dency, with Elders Gerhardt O. G. Los Angeles Temple. Most of the first Lakeview, Klamath Falls, Klamath

Dreschsel and Howard Norton as his floor concrete covering is completed. Falls Second, Ashland, Medford, and

counselors. With a membership of Concrete is now being poured into the Grants Pass, all in the state of Oregon.

5718, the following wards are in the walls and floors at the rate of apBranches are Alturas, Tulelake, Yreka,

Pioneer Stake: Twentyfifth, Twentyproximately three hundred yards each and Etna, all in California. The stake,

sixth, Thirtysecond, Thirtyfifth, Ediweek. with a membership of 3479, extends in

son, Poplar Grove, and Riverview. an eastwest direction for some two

Elders Spencer W. Kimball and Mark Elder J. Byron Ravsten sustained hundred miles. Headquarters will be

E. Petersen of the Council of the Twelve as president of Smithfield (Utah) Ashland. Elders Henry D. Moyle and

were in charge of this organization. Stake, succeeding President George L. Delbert L. Stapley of the Council of

Elder A. Kay Berry, formerly second Rees. New counselors are Elders Merthe Twelve were in charge of this orcounselor in the Pasadena (California) lin T. Van Orden and Samuel L. Hymas. ganization. It is the 205th stake now

Stake presidency, sustained as first President Rees'counselors were Elders functioning in the Church.

counselor, succeeding Elder Daken K. Stanley F. Griffin and Morris L. HanBroadhead. Elder J. Talmage Jones sen. Merrill N. Warnick of Pleasant

sustained as second counselor in the Elder EIRay L. Christiansen, AsGrove, Utah, was elected president

stake presidency. sistant to the Council of the Twelve, of the American Dairy Association at

dedicated the chapel of the Salinas their annual convention in Chicago. He

7 It was announced that Hulda Ward, San Jose (California) Stake. is president of the Timpanogos Stake

Parker and Dolores G. Merrill of the Church.

had been appointed to the general board* 7 The Relief Societies throughout of the Young Women's Mutual Imthe Church appropriately marked 0- The annual quartet contest, under provement Association. the onehundred-eleventh anniversary of the direction of the stake Mutual

It was announced that Mrs. Kathryn the founding of that organization. Improvement Associations, opened in

S. Gilbert had been appointed to the Salt Lake City.

general board of the Primary Associa- f Q Elder Harold B. Lee of the Countion.

cil of the Twelve presided at the 7 The male quartet from Capitol ladies'Service quartet Student the of the formal opening Hill Ward'of the Kimball Spencer Elder W. University, the Eighteenth mixed from South Young Center at Brigham Ward, dedicated of the Twelve Council

quartet Provo, Utah. from Park Ward, Monument

of Afton South Ward, thethe chapel ladies'quartet Mill the East and from recreation the L.D.S. destroyed Fire Stake.Star Valley (Wyoming)

ratings "superior"each Creek won Ward loss estiat a hall Utah, Hooper, with as sustained P. Mickelsen Elder Lloyd

contest. M.I.A. in quartet the dollars. at fifty thousand mated Falls of the Idaho Northpresident

(Idaho) Stake, succeeding President Workmen this week have been busy

Henry Ray Hatch. President MickelDelta Phi, returned missionary getting the Tabernacle ready for the

sen's counselors are Elders Byron Carlos fraternity, announced plans for the annual general conference.

Telford and Jack Arthur Wood, Jr. ReJohn A. Widtsoe Memorial Scholarship

leased with President Hatch were his Foundation which will sponsor a pro- *) The appointment of Mrs. Mary S.

counselors, E,Iders Grant M. Andrus and gram of scholarships and fellowships for Boyer, Mrs. Charlotte A. Larsen,

Reuel N. Nielson. returned missionaries who pursue acaMrs. Edith P. Backman, Mrs. Winnifred

Elder Harry L. Payne, president of demic courses at the close of their mis- S. Manwaring, and Mrs. Elna P. Haythe Arizona Temple since 1944, died sionary service. At the same time, a mond to the general board of the Relief

at Mesa, Arizona. drive was announced to obtain twentySociety, announced.

304 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA An exciting new idea

* for folks who like kids now a

Magnetic Globe Race This exciting and educational game is typical of club selections. It is a thrillingly realistic

circle flight players an where game accurate for toddlers to teen agers metal with world globe magnetized 8 inch airplanes. It is a wonderful new way to teach

geography and airage travel routes. Play

money, gasoline coupons, chance cards and "Why didn't somebody think of this wonderful idea before?..,

finder the airplane are included with an "it's terrific!"... "a sensible and convenient answer to a alone is a valuable The Globe game. and

educational fixture for any child's room. problem parents and grandparents have faced for years"...

$5.50 to club members only.

"our children will love it!"

Such enthusiastic responses have greeted this exciting club idea everywhere it has been presented. Here at last is a club

with no membership fee. You pay only for the toys you

select from monthly club offerings and you are obligated

Scientific to buy no more than four toys per year, and you get the fifth one selection of toys FREE. It will pay you many times over to investigate

this wonderful new club idea. It's the perfect answer

the all over Toys from world are carefully to birthday and holiday gift problems. screened our psychological by examined and

experts, by craft technicians and finally by a "jury"of typical youngsters. The result: Your

choice every month of several outstanding outdoor and indoor toys, each of proven it's easy to join popularity, durability, educational and entertainment value. Selections Clip and mail the handy coupon below for free

each month are varied for boys and literature and enrollment forms. This places

girls of all ages, and range in price you under absolutely no obligation. Full details

from $2.00 up. on club benefits and minimum purchase requirements will be included. Send no money with the

coupon. Get all the facts first, then you'll surely

to join. Children love to get packages want Club benefits

mail. by Year 'round entertainment... You

decide which toys, if any, you want each month, and you are obligated to buy no more than four toys per year. The

fifth toy is FREE—a surprise bonus from your

club. Any toy not enthusiastically received

may be returned for full refund. TOYOF-THEMONTH CLUB

110 West 33rd South Salt Lake City 15, Utah

Rush FREE literature and enrollment forms. This places me under no obligation.

Name toy of the month Address.

City State.

Our family includes: { ) Boys. Ages

110 West 33 rd South Street ( ) Girls. Ages

Salt Lake City 15, Utah

MAY 1953 305 THE BROOK, THE ROCK, AND PORTRAIT THE CARDINAL

THE TREE By Delphia Myrl Stubbs By Gladys Pratt Young

By Wendell B. Hammond found the portrait, shoulder tall A wintertired grove of giant trees

T ong ago they'd met and loved and did I On an easel by the attic wall, ** Stood with upstretched arms to heaven's *-'agree And memory's key unlocks the door; blue

That roof and anchor should be formed by The years unroll, and I explore Beyond the gray mists of a late spring's tree; Again my childhood realm; I see morning,

That rock should ever mold brook's limpid My mother as she made for me Petitioning relief from stirrings grace The "picture dress"of skyblue lace In their mighty roots.

And hold twining roots of tree in close To match my eyes, she said. I trace

stockings, ribbed minus white seams The embrace; in twigs tiny sap surging wept The knitting needles purled her dreams. Where it as lave the brook should didThat twain leaves of green For companionship new their roses, She brought perfume and me flow, grasses, cushioning And of in quiet the fragrance a thread Spun soft confer sweet peace byAnd music and ice of for release bonds from Pleading room low. their running caught That to picture said the she smiled man, As and

it their fast branches. as festoons held on And best can, the very do you "Now with primeval roundelay, Then,

grown; she will be For all too soon In gracious order moved each day.

last alone, at I walk And when How long must pleadings go unheeded

Here with burdens lost, was I a welcome I shall see her as she is today And bursting life retarded beneath hard hostage held; With shining eyes and a pink bouquet."bud casings?

Here as base of realm, the great flat rock Today the portrait bears my name, excelled. But my mother speaks from the tarnished Then with the suddenness of answered

Within was a world gentle as a world frame. prayer

should be A flash of cardinal wings sped through the

For all who sought the brook, the rock, forest branch caressed twig and each as light Swift the tree. TO AN AGING MOTHER

there. left of rosy sunbeams a ray And

Here they may touch, but none shall By Ramona Vernon change, Then from a throat so filled with song

Lest the pleasing order they disarrange. "Decause you have been there through all That every tightbound bud and blossom

'-'my hours, Burst their armored bands to listen,

But, unguarded, someone did steal my realm With quiet wisdom like sunlight to warm And blushed their rosy smiles toward the from me, sun, chilled, uncertain heart, and love to My

Nature, opposed her blestOne who offended radiating through mists in golden form Now decree. persistent tender powers, glory, but faith with My

Broken was the rock for brook's new, your light sunset as the dims I stumble distant course; fearfully. face future the And anthems, triumphant redbird, with Alone, The theUprooted, tree. Oh, how deep can burn voice sure your but a remembered With spring, the heralding Came remorse! tone, answered. tired forest a And

feet may wander, lose their way at My

Weep not though, over realm of mine; night.

Look! Other eyes are scanning thine.

But certainty that life's horizon bars TEACHER TIME

My spirit only, letting yours proceed

MY MOTHER To new dawn's glory, lights the little stars By Lucretia Penny

Of thought your teaching leaves to guide

By Mary Hess Hackney my need. 'TP'ime gives the chance

prayer, as as peacefully depart you When every r- For man

T Ter heart, a doorway through which she prepare. I shall await you welcomes new I endured, say, "That To

* has poured And this I can."

A constant stream of patient, tender love;

life, is stored book in which an openHer above; QUERY to take treasures she has earnedThe

Through empty years, her faith will be a By Frances Rodman ETERNAL ECHO guide face life's tide I bereft whoTo pilot those Woolsey Maryhale By is lady? Spring said a Who quick; sly are eyes Her and his awakened song pink dawn bright N that's shady, a path walks She I me PRIMARY COLOR dried a from brown And

bird! a little such song, from a big stick Such laughter Honeysuckle's

By Jane H. Merchant Breaks in a pink cascade, The bough from which he sang, he hardly

stirred, rafter high on a barn's And filled with his minstrelsy. the morning Yet of red, day, any on touch song Feathered is made. A

past the heart remembers, well my How spirit blithely** gay. make Can my

long said flame, Spring, leaping redbird a shy and winging, WhoA lovely years, time of that corridor quiet, Dim singing, set to grace? tenderly heart with canThese Comes my

I set in rhyme Every music! word Of riot I fires live awhile gypsy always can HerAnd

of song. joyous his echo one more Seems place. smile. In every redlipped waking joy at anyIn

All people whom she has betrayed

My love for blue I cannot tell, With promises unkept If it be true that nothing which has been,

And, oh, I love all green things well, Follow her, bemused, afraid, Is ever lost but only is transmuted

And yellow and brown are good to see, Forgetting that they wept To other form and so endures—why, then

And white must always live with me, I see as clearly as a sum computed:

But any day seems oddly dead To see her go—and weep once more How he with song or I with lyric word

That holds no tinge of flaming red. Hearing her knuckles at the door. May briefly speak—yet be forever heard.

306 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Assembled in the 123rd annual general conference of the Church,

Monday, April 6, 1953, the Saints sustained Dr. Adam Samuel Bennion

to fill the vacancy in the Council of the Twelve that had existed since the passing of Dr. John A. Widtsoe November 29, 1952.

Elder Bennion, a longtime friend of the youth of the Church, has accomplished much in his record of service.

Born at Taylorsville, Utah, December 2, 1886, the son of Joseph Bushell and Mary Ann Sharp Bennion, he was soon to learn the meaning of being a widow's son because his father died when Elder Bennion was a year and a half old. He attended the

public schools of the county and was graduated in 1 908 from the University of Utah with a bachelor of arts'degree. From 1909 to 1911 he was an

instructor in English at the L.D.S.

High School. The following year he

received his master of arts'degree at

Columbia University, New York City.

Returning to Utah, he became head of the English department at the

Granite High School. Then from

1913 to 1917 he was principal of that institution. From 1917 to 1919, he

was an assistant professor of English at the University of Utah.

In 1919 Elder Bennion became superintendent of Church schools, Elder Adam S. Bennion of the Council of the Twelve with members of the family

which position he retained until 1927. livingBennion,in SaltRichardLake Y.City.Bennion,Left toandright,Mrs.Mrs.Bennion.Wallace Another(Marion)daughter,Rogers, EdmundMrs. RalphY.

During this time he served for two (Phyllis) Stohl, resides in the East, and another son, Adam Y. Bennion, lives in

years, 1920 and 1921, as professor of Los Angeles.

education at Brigham Young University serving here in the summer school until 1927. He also completed requirements for his doctor of philos- S. Bennionophy degree, which was granted by Adam

the University of Chicago in 1923.

His long service in the Church began in the Taylorsville Ward, where he served in the superintendency of New Apostle the Sunday School from 1904 to 1907, and taught in the ward M.I.A. From

1907 to 1915, except during his abElder Bennion is a vice president of be a Mormon, Fundamental Problems sence for educational purposes,.he the Utah Power and Light Company, in Teaching, An Appreciation of the

was a member of the Granite Stake in charge of public relations. Book of Mormon, On Becoming a

Sunday School superintendency, and He is widely known throughout Teacher, Gleaning, Facing Life, in 1915, he was called to the general the Church as a speaker of ability Problems of Youth, and Looking in board of the Deseret Sunday School and power. Yet, in coming to the on Greatness. The last two works

Union. Here he still serves, as senior Tabernacle pulpit to answer this call were collaborations.

member of that board, in point of to the Apostleship, he said: He married Minerva Young in the

service. I am honored but humbled. For years Salt Lake Temple, September 14,

For many years he has held mem- I have been going up and down the land 1911. They are the parents of five

bership on the Church board of edupreaching—but in the hour of this greatest children: Mrs. Ralph (Phyllis) Stohl

cation, of which he is an executive call I have no preachment. of Arlington, Va.; Adam Y. Bennion

committee member. He is also on His pen, like his voice and his life, of Los Angeles; Richard Y. Bennion

the executive board of the Brigham has long been active in furthering the of Salt Lake City; Mrs. Wallace W.

Young University board of trustees work of the Church. His books and (Marion) Rogers of Salt Lake City;

and the Church seminary system. manuals include: What It Means to and Edmund Y. Bennion of Ogden.

MAY 1953 307.

Better Living

with

Chrome Dinettes

// v "-";'"For a more enjoyable mealtime setting,

nothing compares with Virtue a chrome dinette. B colorful, The eyefilling beauty i

Virtue Bros. 'original designs of

just "does things"to spark up even ordinary meals.

And, how easy to clean up afterwards..

Model #583 Table, 35"x 48"closed. Extends once over with a damp cloth

60". to 35"x Duncan style Phyfe separating Virtue your and dinette is sparkling bright. chrome base. Model #624,* Chair has foam Better For Living easier, (... and too!), rubber seat. Handeegrip for easy moving.

*Patented choose a Virtue Bros, chrome dinette.

Send for free fullcolor folder of entire line

VIRTUE BROS. MFG. CO. LOS 45, ANGELES CALIFORNIA <jThe West's largest manufacturer of chrome fumMure Sold at leading western and midwestern furniture and department stores

PageEditors

Anchored in the Truth

by President David O. McKay

"... believe not every spirit, but try eye, as though you rode, a victorious king, rethe spirits whether they are of God."turning at the head of your legions with ban-

(I John 4:1.) ners waving and lances glistening and bugles

filling the air with music. You can feel the

T is A wonderful thing to be anchored in great expansive wave of moral health surging the truth. When one is anchored to a through you as the quickened blood courses

testimony that God has spoken in this through the body of him who is gladly, gloridispensation, that he has revealed his truth, ously proud of physical health. You will know

there is little danger of one's becoming moved that all will come right in the end, that it from one's place by any false theory or any must come, that error must flee before the halftruth or any false accusation that may be great white light of truth, as darkness slinks brought in his life. But when one is not away into nothingness in the presence of

anchored, then one becomes easily moved, the sunburst. Then, with truth as your guide,

at least unrestful and ill at ease. your companion, your ally, and inspiration,

of kinyour the consciousness tingle with you Christ, of Jesus gospel the Church, the Let trials, all petty infinite; the the and ship with not things do rod. When measuring the be

like of life fade sufferings sorrows, away and gospel, of the truths we the with harmonize visions in a dream."seen harmless temporary, in least hold them at or pass by them can

abeyance until either their truth or falsity In the gospel of Jesus Christ as it has been be established. revealed in this day lies the hope and the salIt has been impressively said that: vation of the human family. I feel it with all

my soul. I believe I can prove it to the satis- "A man cannot believe in God without believing in the final inevitable triumph of truth. faction of any who will honestly and prayerIf you have truth on your side, you can pass fully investigate the tenets and organization of

through the dark valley of slander, misreprethe Church.

sentation, and abuse, undaunted, as though you God help us to be anchored in the truth, wore a suit of mail that no bullet could enter, and give us power to preach it and power to no arrow could pierce. You can hold your live it. Hold to the truth; be true to the prinhead high, toss it fearlessly and defiantly, look ciples of life and salvation as revealed in this

every man calmly and unflinchingly in the dispensation.

i '.-*-'

MAY 1953 309

Youn uestton

by Joseph Fielding Smith PRESIDENT OP THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

President Joseph Fielding Smith

The Meaning of "Fear"thethemheartsto approachof the righteous;him in northe doesspirithe ofcommandfear in

the sense in which this term is usually interpreted.

It is true that the wicked will fear and tremble

A correspondent has asked the following quesbefore him in that great day of judgment and tion: "Will you kindly explain the meaning of that he is angry with the wicked, and dreadful

the word fear as used in the following passages fear and trembling will fill their hearts at his of scripture, Psalms 111:10, 112:1, and Proverbs coming. The fear spoken of in these passages

1:7. The members of our class do not understand in connection with the spirit of obedience, and

why the Lord would ask those who believe in him the seeking of knowledge is quite a different to fear him."thing.

Such passages have no reference to fright or

HThe scriptures in question are as follows: terror wherein they are coupled with the princi-

"The fear of the Lord is the beginning of ple of faith and obedience. The dictionary reveals

wisdom: a good understanding have all they that several interpretations of the use of the word fear.

do his commandments: his praise endureth for The interpretation of its use in the passages

ever."enumerated is "to have reverential awe."In

"Praise ye the Lord. Blessed is the man that Young's Analytical Concordance to the Bible, unfeareth the Lord, that delighteth greatly in his der the word fear, we find several meanings, such

commandments. as terror, from the Hebrew word emah; dread

"The fear of the Lord is the beginning of from the Hebrew pachdah, and reverence from knowledge: but fools despise wisdom and instructhe Hebrew yirah. So we see that the word fear,

tion."as it is given in the English translations of the

There are many passages of scripture, both anBible in the passages under consideration, means cient and modern, in which similar expressions reverence with humility. In the original tongue

are used; for instance, in the revelation known there were words having these shades of meaning,

as the Vision, section 76:5: but in the English translations, the one word fear

"For thus saith the Lord—I, the Lord, am must be understood according to the meaning

merciful and gracious unto those who fear me, gathered from the text under consideration.

and delight to honor those who serve me in Love and reverence are both essential in the righteousness and in truth unto the end."worship of our Heavenly Father and his Son Jesus

Peter, likewise, in his astonishment that the Christ, but those who keep his commandments

Lord had offered the gospel to the gentiles at and are worthy to stand before them need not the time of the conversion of Cornelius said: "... fear, but in humility they may and shall bow

Of a truth I perceive that God is no respecter of the knee in great joy and reverence in the spirit persons of perfect worship.

"But in every nation he that feareth him, and worketh righteousness, is accepted with him."

(Acts 10:3435.)

*$&y*-&*22{. We know that the Lord is merciful and kind C

and that he does not rejoice in causing fear in

310 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The photograph was taken from what is thought by some to The original oil painting from which this photograph was be an original daguerreotype taken at the City of Nauvoo, taken hangs in the Historian's Office of the Reorganized in 1843, copyright by Chas. W. Carter in 1885, and hangs in Church in Independence, Missouri. Some think it was painted

the office of Patriarch Eldred G. Smith. during the Prophet's lifetime.

What Did The Prophet

Joseph Smith Look Like?

by Marba C Josepbson ASSOCIATE MANAGING EDITOR

perennial interest is the way in Today we know that many artists do and Mr. Babbitt, and sat for a drawing

Of which great people of preceding not try to depict the person as he of my profile to be placed on a lithogenerations had their features actually appears but rather try to graph of the map of the city of and physical characteristics preserved reveal his character through the Nauvoo."1

in order that posterity might gain an painting. While this may be legitiThis is a likeness of the Prophet

idea of their appearance to contemmate, the painting is not always a which appears in the lower lefthand poraries. good reproduction of the physique corner of the map, bearing the inBefore the art of photography was that housed his greatness. scription: S. Maudsley del 1842.

perfected, there were several ways to Many questions have arisen conRelative to Maudsley, we print the preserve this physical appearance: by cerning the appearance of Joseph following:

the use of paint, by etching, by use Smith, the Prophet, and some descrip- "In 1 844 there appeared in Nauof words with which the person could tions are available. Also artists have voo a man by the name of Sutcliffe

be described, and by sculpture. In made likenesses of him. One of these Maudsley who called himself a 'proeach of these media the reliability of the Prophet himself acknowledges as filist.'He made profile pictures only.

the likeness depended to a large exbeing made during his lifetime when {Continued on page 313) tent on the skill of the artist as well he recorded on June 25, 1842, "Transas upon the integrity of his purpose. acted business with Brother Hunter, Period1Jo5iephI, Smith,Vol. V.,Documentaryp. 44. History of the Church,

MAY 1953 311 A portrait of the Prophet, which is reproduced from a painting completed in 1910 by

L. A. Ramsay. This canvas hangs in the Salt Lake Temple.

312 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Much disagreement exists today, although only 109 years have passed since the death of the Prophet Joseph Smith, as to what he actually looked like.

Although there are dozens of likenesses in existence, some purported to be original paintings, and at least one purported to be an original photograph (daguerreotype), there is little agreement as to which is the most authentic likeness. This article and the accompanying pictures are presented here not as an

answer to the question but rather as an attempt to stimulate interest in the subject. If our readers have any authentic information which will throw any

light on the subject or know of any other photographs or paintings that may be authentic likenesses, we would be pleased to hear from you.

What Did The Prophet

Joseph Smith Look Like?

(Continued from page 311) oil painting—a front view—which

Not being skilful in drawing, he some have thought very lifelike. The

would tack his paper to the wall, painting itself was very crude...

place his subject near it, and with a and has not been reproduced to any long stick to which was attached a great extent.

pencil, he would trace the outline as "After the Prophet's death a man one would a shadow. This tracing came to Nauvoo and engaged in the

was then reduced to the desired size business of making daguerreotypes and the lines of the face drawn to and printed one of Emma Smith and the best of his ability... some of one of the oil painting of the Prophet.

his drawings were little better than Some people have since had the erDeath Mask of the Prophet Joseph Smith.

caricatures. He made, however, the roneous impression that this daguerlast picture Smith of the Prophet before his reotype of Joseph with Brother Rogers was was made home who 2

4 from life. in 1844."of photography The artdeath likeness."painting the Prophet's

In this same article two other parahad been discovered but four years The Prophet's diary also records:

graphs are of interest on this subject: prior to the Prophet's death, and "At home with Brother Rogers, who

"Perhaps the fact is not generally as a vocation photography was not was painting my likeness,"and "I was followed, especially in the Brother photocommonly never at home with that there Rogers who was aknown far West."3 5 painting continued of the Prophet taken Joseph.graph my portrait."

A daguerreotype was made from an Three months later the record was (Continued on following page) made: "Joseph the Prophet was at History, 1842. *Journal 16, Sept.

Juvenile Instructor, Vol. XLV, No. 4, April 2The History the documentary Church, Vol. 5, p. 164, of

Hdem. 153.1910, p. 16, 17, Sept. 1842.

Reading from left to right—first: Another copy of the daguerNauvoo by W. Majors. Art work done by John G. DeHaan,

reotype of the Prophet Joseph Smith reportedly taken in the a Salt Lake City artist."Fourth: This profile view of the

sketch of the crayon 1843.city in of This Second: Nauvoo Prophet original was taken oil painting hangs from an which

in disciple Etienne, Bault, of Charles byProphet was made De in the Historian's Office. the is unsigned, but oil painting The in oil the that painting hanging Nauvoo was1853, from an

House. Third: Copy of a painting made by W. Majors, apcondition of the canvas leads some people to believe it may

pearing as a frontispiece in The Improvement Era in August have been brought into the valley by the Saints. A companion

1926. The inscription read: "From the painting made in picture of Hyrum Smith, the Patriarch, hangs beside it.

MAY 1953 313 1. Lithograph which according to A. William Lund, assistant Church historian, was made in 1847. It hangs in

President Joseph Fielding Smith's office, Church Office

Building, Salt Lake City, Utah.

2. Photograph of painting made by an unidentified artist

in 1920. The death mask of the Prophet is said to have been

used in the painting for the basic features. The original 4. From an etching of the Prophet Joseph Smith and the

hangs over the mantle of the Joseph Smith Memorial CotPatriarch Hyrum Smith, by "Brother Rogers,"for whom Royalton, tage, South Vermont.

3. This copy was taken from a steel engraving in a book the Prophet recorded he sat for his likeness. The copy of

published in 1882 and bears a notation: "Eng'd by H. B. the picture bears the legend, "D Rogers, pinx. Nauvoo,

Hall's Sons, N. Y."1842."

What Did The Prophet suchavailablea mansourcesalthoughhasit nothas producedrevealed MajorEnglandwhoin thecamewinterto Americaof 1844 fromand

Joseph Smith Look Like? a man by the name of W. Warner joined the Saints in Nauvoo. The

Journal History for April 4, 1845, re- (Continued from preceding page) cords: "Brother W. W. Major exIn the completed etching there also hibited a painting of the assassination

appears a profile study of the Patriof Joseph and Hyrum Smith by the arch Hyrum Smith, who was so closemob at Carthage."Another item

ly associated with the Prophet in relative to this painter is that of life and suffered the same tragic October 22, 1846, and reads: "Wilmartyrdom. The note under the liam W. Major, portrait painter, aretching makes it imperative to accept rived in Winter Quarters."

this as the painting referred to in the Andrew Jenson wrote the followtwo foregoing references, for in the ing material relative to William lefthand corner under the reproducWarner Major: "... was born Janution this legend appears, "D Rogers ary 27, 1804 in Bristol, England, the

pinx Nauvoo 1842,"and the legend son of Richard and Constantina continues on the righthand corner, Major. He was baptized in London

"W Edwards sculp."(See first illusin 1842, and soon afterwards was

tration in Journey to the Great Salt ordained an elder and sent to preach

Lake Valley by Remy and Brenchley, the gospel in Reading and throughout

Reference has likewise been made the ministry with considerable sucto a W. Major who is reported to cess until the winter of 1844, when

This a painting copy is from whichhave painted a likeness of the for office years in the Elder he emigrated to Nauvoo, Illinois. He hung of

Prophet. Diligent search through John A. Widtsoe. The artist is unknown. was with the body of the Church

314 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Copies of paintings made by John Hafen to represent the in 1888. (Right) The last public address made as LieutenantProphet as "LieutenantGeneral of the Nauvoo Legion, copyright General of the Nauvoo Legion.

through the difficulties in Nauvoo sion to England in December 1853

Until the Saints were forced to reuntil September 2, 1854, the time of move to the West in 1 846. In Winter his death, verifies his artistic ability:

Quarters he was appointed a member "He (Elder Major) continued to of the high council, and in 1848, he labour in the ministry, with considerleft Winter Quarters in President able success, until the winter of 1844,

Brigham Young's company, for the when he emigrated to Nauvoo, where

Salt Lake Valley, of Utah, and being he arrived about the month of August an artist by profession, he made of that year. He soon became

many interesting sketches of imposacquainted with the Authorities of ing scenery in this western country."6 the Church, and was extensively emThe Millennial Star in reporting ployed by them in his profession, that

Major's death while fulfilling a misof an artist.... He lived in Great

Andrew Jenson, Biographical Encyclopedia 3:674. Salt Lake City five years. He travelled

through the principal settlements of

Utah, and made many interesting sketches of imposing scenery in those

Western Wilds; also of many of the

Chiefs and Braves of the Tribes of the

Wilderness."7

In August 1926 the Era ran as frontispiece a portrait of the Prophet

Joseph Smith and under it, this inscription, "From the painting made in

Nauvoo by W. Majors. Art work

done by John B. DeHaan, a Salt

Lake City artist."On the reverse

side of the picture, this notation appears as part of the statement relative to the picture:

"The face of Joseph Smith has been abused as much as his doctrine.

In order to present a truthful portrait of the Prophet, Mr. W. Crawford

Anderson has had a reproduction made in plain photo and also handThe statue of the Prophet completed by (Continued on page 371) Square,Statue theof theworkProphetof MahonriJoseph M.on TempleYoung

Torlief Knaphus in 1947. The Millennial Star 16:700. in 1911.

MAY 1953 315 queen of Great Britain and of the

British commonwealth of nations for another important reason.

For the first time in history the reigning sovereign of Great Britain and the dominions can claim American ancestors.* Thus the crowning

of the new queen can be the symbol of ties of kinship that should bind the United States and Great Britain in closer cooperation and a unity of purpose to preserve the freedom of the world.

No fewer than twenty of the direct ancestors of Queen Elizabeth were born or lived in this country—among

them prominent leaders of the early colony of Virginia. Her progenitors

contributed to our land some of our most notable leaders and patriots.

Among her American cousins may be counted General George Washington, first president of the United States;

a vice president; three cabinet officers;

eight senators; Chief Justice John

Marshall; six governors of states, including Patrick Henry and General

Thomas Nelson, wartime governor of

Virginia and a signer of the Declaration of Independence; Meriwether

Lewis, the explorer; General "Light

Horse Harry"Lee of the Revolution;

Great Britain's Queen, Elizabeth II and his still more noted son, General

Robert E. Lee of the Confederate

Army; "and a veritable host of men

and women prominent in national life."1 The Lineage of comeThe toqueen'sAmericaearliestwasancestorNicholasto

Martiau, a Huguenot from France. He

had resided some years in England,

to fore on America in 1620 he sailed Queen Elizabeth II and had been naturalized there, beto find Francis the ship Bonaventure adventure and to found a family by Archibald F. Bennett dynasty in the New World. He was

SECRETARY, GENEALOGICAL SOCIETY the first professional engineer in the

American colonies and had been sent to aid the colonists in erecting fortifiTheII, oncoronationJune 2, 1953,of Queenis anElizabethevent of oneoriginor tomorethe linesshoresof oftheirthatancestralisland cationsdians. toBeforeprotectmuchthemcouldfrom bethedoneInspecial interest to the people of the kingdom. With them to the promised the blow fell.

United States and to the members of land of the New World our English On March 22, 1622, the Indians, our Church. and Scottish and Irish forefathers pretending friendship, struck with

The homes and firesides of Amerbrought an ingrained love of liberty, lightning swiftness, and 347 men, ica which view the elaborate splendor the prize won by centuries of sacrifice. women, and children—about a third

of this impressive and dignified cereThose among us who have lived in of the white inhabitants of the colony mony of dedication may well look upor served in the army of Great Britain,—were massacred. "In their effort

on it as an event close to their own Canada, Australia, or New Zealand to punish the Indians, the colonists lives. know that the basic devotion to freenaturally turned to the military

Sacred ties of kinship and a kindred dom is the same in those countries engineer, Nicholas Martiau. He was

devotion to the ideals of freedom bind and in our own. placed in command of a company of

us to the British peoples. Many milMoreover, Americans may with *Great Britain's famous prime minister, too, is the

lions of Americans and hundreds of justification take a direct and personal child of an Americanborn mother.

thousands of Latterday Saints trace satisfaction in this coronation of the Vol.TheXII,Huguenotp. 7. Society of Pennsylvania Publications,

316 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SOME AMERICAN AND BRITISH COUSINS OF THE QUEEN

EDWARD I of England md. Eleanor of Castile, Spain

EDWARD II of England Princess Joan of Acre

III Margaret de Clare of England EDWARD

Audley Margaret de Stafford (Earl Hugh Clarence of 1 Duke of Lancaster John of Gaunt, Lionel, Duke Stafford)

Philippa of Clarence Elizabeth Mortimer Percy Henry - Stafford Margaret md. Neville, Somerset Joan Beaufort md. Ralph Beaufort, John Henry Percy

Earl of Scotland I of Westmd. Beaufort Earl JAMESof Joan Percy Margaret

morland Elizabeth Gascoigne Neville Margaret Tailboys Ann Scrope Henry Frances Dymoke Scrope Margaret Mildred Windebanke Neville

Bernard John Col. George Reade of England IV CicelyEDWARD

Bernard John Mildred Reade of Elizabeth York md. HENRY VII of Englond

II Scotland of John Stewart JAMES Bernard Francis Mildred Warner

III of Isabel Stewart JAMES Washington I Tudor Scotland mdMargaret Scotland of IV John Robertson JAMES AugustineGEORGE WASHINGTON Gilbert Robertson

David Robertson of Scotland Stewart Margaret JAMES Katherine Stewart V William Robertson

Scots of Bernard Richard Queen Bernard MARY, Drummond Francis Agnes Douglas Margaret William Robertson

I England of Richard Bernard Montgomerie Col. Margaret Bernard William JAMES Hamilton Claud David Robertson

of Bernard England Elizabeth Seton Alexander Elizabeth Bernard Anne Hamilton Margaret William Robertson

Jr. of Hanover Smith, John Elizabeth Montgomerie Hugh Todd Douglas Margaret Jean Robertson

I of England Mildred Smith Alexander Montgomerie Bernard Sophia,GEORGE Moore Alexander Margaret John

II of Porteus England Robert Alexander Butler Montgomerie Sinclair GEORGE Moore Anne Anne Col.PATRICK HenryHENRY

Frederick, Prince Porteus Mildred Hill Catherine Montgomerie Anne Carter Swinton Jean

III England of E. Robert Hodgson Stewart Alexander GEORGE LEE Rutherford Anne ROBERT

of Kent Stewart Edward, John Duke SIR WALTER SCOTT Mildred Henrietta Hodgson England of Stewart George VICTORIA

Stewart Jane Dora Smith Frances

John Winston Spencer BowesLyon George Churchill Claude Churchill (Lord) Randolph

WINSTON CHURCHILL EDWARD VII of England of England GEORGE V of VI Enaland md. Lody Elizabeth BowesLyon Alice of England GEORGE

Victoria of Hesse Battenberg of Alice Consort md. ELIZABETH/ II of Enaland Philip, Prince

Prince Charles

men which ranged the forest in search of the red men."2

The ship Seaflower carried back to

England the sad news of the tragedy.

On it had arrived in February (162122), just prior to the horrible onslaught, a maiden named Jane. She

married Lieutenant Edward Barkley, and after his death, in 1625, she became the wife of Captain Nicholas

Martiau and the mother of his children.

Captain Martiau became a member of the assembly or House of Burgesses.

With others he signed a report recommending the fortifying of what later became Yorktown. In 1630 he be-

(Continued on following page)

2Ibid., p. 16.

By Command of The vueen the Earl Marshal is directed to invite

to be present at the Abbey Church of

Westminster on the 2nd day of June 1953

Princess Philip, the Elizabeth Prince of Edinburgh, and Duke

Earl Marsha] in in after their their Palace return Buckingham wedding from

Westminster Abbey. The train of the Princess'bridal gown was

MAY 1953 15 feet long. 317

KINSHIP OF SOME CHURCH LEADERS WITH THE QUEEN*

EDWARD 1 of England md.11 Eleanor of Castile Spain

Gilbert de Clare md. 1st, Princess Joan of Acre md. 2nd, Ralph de Monthermer

Elizabeth Monthermer de Clare de Mary Clare Eleanor rdo of Fife Countess Elizabeth d'Amory Despencer le Edward

Sir Felton de Isabel,John Bardolf le Margaret Despencer Margaret

Elizabeth Felton Welles Ferrers de Lord John Lord Edmund

Sir Hastings John Lord John Ferrers Welles Lord William

Sir Hastings Roger Welles Eleanor Ferrers Anne

Katherine Hastings Poynings Constance Sybil Devereux

Elizabeth Baskerville Sir John Pautet Edmond Dalton

SybilJohn VaughanScudamore SirEleanorJohn PouletGifford MaryRoger DaltonDalton

John Heblethwaite Gifford William Scudamare Ann

Joshua Heblethwaite Richard Goddard Scudamore Mary

Heblethwaite Agnes French Edward Goddard Mary

Robert Whittington William Smith Goddard Samuel

Samuel Smith Edward Goddard Agnes Whittington

Asael Smith Ebenezer Goddard Agnes Taylor

Susanm h Goddard PRESIDENT JOHN TAYLOR

Joseph Smith, Sr. Abigail Howe Rhoda 1|1 Howe 1

Richards RICHARDS WILLARD 1 Smith John I

D. Richards Joseph PhineasFRANKLIN Young Smith L A. PRESIDENT BRIGHAM Y( i! George SMITH HYRUM JOSEPH SMITH, JR. RICHARDSi: Rl Rl: HARIA QlOZCM B Young L Seymour StephenSTEPHEN JOSEPH PRESIDENT F. RICHARDS LE GRAND SmithALBERT HenryGEORGE FIELDING SMITHF. SMITH PRESIDENTJohn JOSEPH

1 SMITH E. YOUNG YOUNG CLIFFORD Ii EDGAR LEVI

Copt. Nicholas Martiau md. Jane Augustine Warner md. Mary meeted out no punishment,"but asked that

he take the oath of supremacy. This oath

was required by all memers at the opening

John Reade Mildred Reade md.I Colonel Augustine Warner session of the House of Burgesses. 8

Margaret md, Reade Thomas Nelson Mary Warner Mildred Warner md. Lawrence Washington Warner Sarah for arrested In 1635 was Martiau

I Mildred Smith Augustine Washington Alice Townley

President William Nelson first his opposiin as a leader part the PORTEUS REVEREND ROBERT WASHINGTON Grymes Lucy GEORGEGeneral President of the

Mildred Porteus General Lee Henry United States& in British colonial policy to tion

Reverend Robert Hodgson E.LEE THOMASGeneral ROBERT NELSONGovernor GENERAL and

Signer of& the of of Declaration arbitrary conduct America. The Henrietta Mildred Hodgson

Independence Frances Smith Dora the angered Harvey Governor had

Claude George BowesLyon

Elizabeth of England planters, and these held several Queen

ELIZABETH II. gatherings in protest.

One held at the house of William

COUSINS IN AMERICA OF ROBERT PORTEUS Warren, sheriff of York and a neighbor of Martiau's, was reported to the governor. It was said "that many

angry men made many angry The Lineage of Queen Elizabeth II speeches, and that they also directed many angry invectives against him."

(Continued from preceding page) this that caused trouble in the boat, and In these demands for redress there brought before the the Captain undaunted voices the of Captain been heard had original of the a patenteecame reof the General Colony, Court which others. Nicholas Martiau two and of acres thirteenplantation hundred trial his cords the treason charge of on arrested promptly Governor Harvey thisin area on the same York River. in language: quaint

these three brought spokesmen and... "the of 15th Octob: 1627 Ensigne Nicholas the Again Martiau was

th irons in threatento Jamestown, them George sworne say examined Thomson & torepresentative the a assembly and th in in that 1626, being boat a Mr. to to gallows. May ing the send them w Thejustice of of the court county York

at Nicolas Martiau Cap'Mayhew & defied council the governor and incidents rerecordedCounty. Two shipp, a comeing Kecoughtan from aboard

of arrest force placed under him e by spirit.veal his dauntless fell of talke they in Kings about two y

later to arms, compelling return him ffrance, Mr. England sayd & & Mayhew

The Gallic temperament of the Virginia that the King of England was King of to England.4

Huguenot frequently manifested itself. At ffrance & that the King in ffrance was but Returning at the king's request,

ffrence (French) thenthe house his voice the King Cap'of William & Warren angry the rest to be very sayd Harvey was compelled a second time seemed Martiau in denunciations heard abovewas & and in demands for redress of grievances.... that if the EnglishKing were King of to flee to England for safety. In

At another time his volatile tongue forgot England, then ye ffrenchKing was King charge of the governorship of the that it had been naturalized. It happened of ffrance: and then y e said Cap'Martiau colony was George Reade, a young

his said, to putting as his brestthat though were he and several hand coming men family, man of distinguished who this yet is in ffrance sparke lay off that boatin a a ship the I from & am here (Continued on page 345) theshore King not here of Kecoughtan, wronged, the will wherevppon now Hampden, said oldconversation they turned to the mooted quesMayhew Mr y e & y c said Cap* who*Amongare notthe shownpresent onGeneralthe chart,Authoritieswho andare Officersknown tion of the primacy of the King of England Martiau grew into such anger as this to be distantly related to Queen Elizabeth II, are over the King of France. Although the deponent did thinke they would haue fallen PatriarchPresident J.EldredReubenG. Clark,Smith;Jr., Elderof theStaynerFirst Presidency;Richards,

English had been driven out of France out...."Assistant to the Council of the Twelve; President

more than a century and a half before, Against this charge Martiau apparently S.Seventy;Dilworthand ElderYoung R.of Curtis,the FirstgeneralCouncilsuperintendentof the

nevertheless the title of the English kings offered no defense. The Governor and the of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association.

to of "hastydeclared weighing be sovereign Council provoked words "England, them

It services against loyal France,Scotland, Ireland."heroic and was just and deeds, sIbid.,Hbid., pp.pp. 3233.3436.

318 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A Bit of the

ORIENT

by Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

RESEARCH EDITOR

It's playtime at the Primary Children's

Hospital, and the youngsters are enjoying their Japanese costumes, if we can judge by their smiles.

of story is a simple story—aThis cover Era Improvement an how

picture and its accompanying article reached halfway around the world to bring a touch of home to seventeen servicemen, who reacted by sending some less fortunate children a bit of the Orient—that part of the geography books that make childhood a

little richer.

The cover: October 1952; the article: "... Of Such is the Kingdom

of Heaven—the Primary Children's

Hospital"by Associate Managing Editor Marba C. Josephson; the servicemen: the L.D.S. group aboard the

U. S. S. Toledo. In the words of

Ronald Thomas Daly, the group leader:

As I received The Improvement Era that contained the article about the wonderful new Primary Hospital, I was so impressed that I suggested to the fellows that we buy a few gifts -from over here in Japan and send them to you for the kids in the hospital.

They say that one picture is worth a thousand words. Here on this page

we present three pictures—and who

can invent the words to describe the smiles on these children's faces?

Elder Daly continues:

And with each gift we send more than just the gifts, we send our love and our prayers. We ask the Lord to bless each

and every one of these precious little souls, and help them to soon be able to do the things that we are able to do.

We want them to know that there are people all over the world who are thinking of them and praying for their welfare.

The L.D.S. group aboard the

Toledo who sent this gift to the Pri- (Concluded from page 353) MAY 1953 319

Jesus perfected his life and became our Christ. Priceless blood of a

God was shed, and he became our

Savior; his perfected life was given,

and he became our Redeemer; his

atonement for us made possible our return to our Heavenly Father, and yet how thoughtless, how unappreciative are most beneficiaries! Ingratitude

is a sin of the ages.

Great numbers profess belief in him and his works, and yet relatively few honor him. Millions of us call

ourselves Christians, yet seldom kneel in gratitude for his supreme gift, his life. Not only this, but we also dishonor his holy name and viciously or

thoughtlessly curse with the very names which should be spoken only in reverence and worship.

In the hospital one day I was wheeled out of the operating room by an attendant who stumbled, and there issued from his angry lips vicious cursing with a combination of the names of the Savior. Even halfconscious, I recoiled and implored:

"Please! Please! That is my Lord

whose names you revile."There was

a deathly silence, then a subdued voice whispered: "I am sorry."He

had forgotten for the moment that the Lord had forcefully commanded all his people:

Thou shalt not take the name of the

Lord thy God in vain; for the Lord will

not hold him guiltless that taketh his name in vain. (Exodus 20:7.) The Sermon on the Mount

Recently I saw a drama enacted on the stage of a San Francisco theater.

The play had enjoyed a long continutions therein, and I cringed as the What are the sacred names which ous run in New York. It was widely characters used in an ugly way the should be so carefully spoken and

heralded. But the actors, unworthy sacred names of Deity. Why? Why written? Isaiah sings:

to unloose the latchets of the Lord's do authors sell themselves so cheaply For unto us a child is born, unto us a sandals, were blaspheming his sacred and desecrate their Godgiven talents? son is given: and the government shall be

name in their common, vulgar talk. Why do they profane and curse? upon his shoulder: and his name shall be

Counsellor, mighty Wonderful, The in their take they unholy called do Why repeated of a playwright, wordsThey

Prince everlasting Father, The God, The their sacrilegious run through lips and profaningwords the holy name of of (Ibid., 9:6.) Peace.

their Creator. The people laughed pens the names of their own Creator,

and applauded, and as I thought of the holy names of their Redeemer? And other names by which he rethe writer, the players, and the audiWhy do they ignore his positive comfers to himself are: the Son of Man,

ence, the feeling came to me that all mand, the Lord, the Savior, the Son of God, were party to the crime, and I reAnd ye shall not swear by my name Redeemer, Alpha and Omega, Immembered the castigation in the book falsely, neither shalt thou profane the name manuel, Jesus Christ, Almighty God.

of Proverbs to those who condone of thy God: I am the Lord. (Lev. 19:12.) In this latest dispensation the Lord

evil: Shall the axe boast itself against him warns

Whoso is partner with a thief hateth his that heweth therewith? (Isa. 10:15.) Wherefore, let all men beware how they

soul: he hearethown cursing, and bewrayeth In a service club luncheon men take.. my. Fornamebehold,in theirverily lipsI say, that many it not. (Proverbs 29:24.)

near me told vulgar stories using there be who are under this condemnation,

I lately picked up a book, widely therein the sacred names of the God whoin vain.use (D.the &nameC. 63:6162.)of the Lord, and use it

circulated, highly recommended, a of heaven as though it were innocent best seller, and my blood ran cold slang, and speakers defiled the microAt the beach one day a group of at the profane and vulgar conversaphone with unbecoming language. youth had driven their car too far

320 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA out in the sand, and it was imbedded curse most viciously. Perhaps they lennia ago to a faraway people, but it

deeply. All their combined strength had learned it from older men as they must be remembered that he not

seemed insufficient to dislodge it. I caddied on the golf course. I know only gave them with power to the

offered to assist, but the vile language they did not fully realize. Israelites but he also reiterated them

they were using repelled me. TeenThe Prophet Isaiah called to acwith emphasis to the Jews in the

agers were using the holy names of counting and repentance those Meridian of Time and even in our their Creator as though he were their... which swear by the name of the own dispensation has repeated them

creation. I shrank from the blasphemy Lord, and make mention of the God of for our own benefit and guidance.

and left them. Their training had Israel, but not in truth, nor in righteousTo the young man of Jerusalem

been deficient, or, had they, like their ness. (Isa. 48:1.) who asked the way of salvation,

elders, forgotten the import of these In the military service one hears Christ said: "if thou wilt enter into

commands of God which he gave in extensive profaning. Petty and major life, keep the commandments."(Matt.

almost the same breath? officers frequently curse their under19:17.)

The eager inquirer asked: dictatorial in their commands, kill. not shalt Thou shalt not lings Thou

. often servicemen seem to "Which?"and young adultery. shaltcommit not take.. Thou...

the name of the Lord thy God in vain.... feel that they are manly when cursing The Lord then repeated for him

(Ex. 20:1314, 7.) and defiling their God. the Ten Commandments. They were

President George Washington made still applicable. He also said in the

Though the death penalty is not clear that profanity in military service Sermon on the Mount:

now exacted as anciently, blasphemwas neither called for nor justified. Swear not at all.... (Ibid., 5:34.)

ing, like adultery and murder, is still As supreme commander of the coloas serious as formerly, even though nial army, he was responsible for Paul, the Apostle, condemned proit is common among us and though these words: fane people, saying:

partially in accepted world. our

is sepulchre; with throat open Their an

... pointed orders and have Many been 'his Informed that sociallyminded deceit; the used have they tongues their

issued against the unmeaning abomiand sons lips: is daughters their and of dissipating asps under were poison

nable of custom swearing; notwithstanding of is full cursing and mouth Whose their in in homes, his anxiety and for which, regret, with the general much ob- 3:1314.) bitterness. (Romans them, Job it serves that prevails, if possible more than

And James lashed out against the evil:

But the tongue can no man tame; it is

an unruly evil, full of deadly poison....

Profane Not ingOutandofcursing.the sameMymouthbrethren,proceedeththese thingsblessought not so to be. (James 3:8, 10.)

* We who are thoughtless and carede- are vicious and less, and we who The Name Of Thy Godi canthat we fiant remember should not take the name of the Lord in vain by Spencer W. Kimball with impunity.

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE On the stage, on the telephone, sensitive ears and eyes are outraged daily by the unwarranted and blasphemous use of the names of the Lord... offered burnt offerings according to ever. His feelings are continually wounded our God. In the club, on the farm,

the number of them all; for Job said, It by the oaths and imprecations of the in social circles, in business, and in

that sinned, sons have be and soldiers, mymay is in whenever he of hearing them. every walk of life the names of the

hearts. their 1:5.) incursed (Job God of that The Being name from whose bounteous goodness we are permitted to exist Redeemer are used presumptuously

He was in great distress. His bones and enjoy the comforts of life is incesand sinfully. But there are some who

ached; his flesh was sore; his heart santly impeached and profaned in a manner love the Lord and speak his names

it as as wanton is shocking. the sake, For reverently. tried; his gone, hope nearwas and

therefore, religion, of order, decency and the his saying: rebelled, wifeyet when In a little town in Idaho, a good general trusts hopes officers that and of

every rank will use their influence and man operates a garage and has per-... Dost thou still retain thine integrity? authority to check a vice which is as unsuaded his mechanics to refrain from

curse God, and die. profitable as wicked and shameful. If officursing or swearing. His customers

cers would make it an inviolable rule to faithful Job reprimanded her severely: reprimand, and, if that won't do, to punish

soldiers for offenses of this kind, it would (Coticluded on page 350)

Thou speakest as one of the foolish women not fail of having the desired effect.

speaketh. (Ibid., 2:9-10.) note it and like it. Even the vicious

Many people would excuse themdo not object to the cleanness of this

A group of young basketball players selves for cursing by saying that the place.

climbed aboard the bus on which Ten Commandments were given milWhen St. Paul's Cathedral was

I was riding. They seemed to vie *From an address delivered March 29, 1953 on the under construction, this notice was

with each other to see who could ofColumbiathe Air."Broadcasting System Radio Network "Church posted for the employees:

MAY 1953 321

Who is the Author

of the

Plan of Salvation?

and presented created the by Bruce R. McConkie

of salvation HHO[plan as it was OF THE jadopted in the preexistent FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY councils in heaven? Did Christ offer

one plan which would allow men Speaking of preexistence Joseph their agency, and Lucifer sponsor anSmith said: "God himself, finding he

other founded on compulsion? was in the midst of spirits and glory,

Although we sometimes hear it because he was more intelligent, saw said that there were two plans—proper to institute laws whereby the

Christ's plan of freedom and agency, rest could have a privilege to advance andsion—suchLucifer'steachingof slaverydoesandnotcompulcon- likeFather'shimself."plan of3 redemptionThese laws,and salthe

form to the revealed word. Christ vation, included, among other things,

did not present a plan of redemption the following:

and salvation nor did Lucifer. There 1. At the Father's command Christ

were not two plans up for consideraand other noble and great spirits were tion; there was only one; and that to create this earth.

was the plan of the Father: originated, 2. Then each spirit child was to

developed, presented, and put in force be born into mortality, gain a temby him. Christ, however, made the poral body in which to house the

Father's plan his own by his willing eternal spirit, and pass through a obedience to its terms and provisions. probationary testing to determine

A knowledge of these preexistent eventual fitness for a life of the kind events in God's heavenly kingdom the Father enjoyed.

will help us understand the true order 3. Body and spirit were to be

of things in his earthly kingdom, the separated, temporarily, by death, the

Church, and also will point a course spirit going to a world of waiting after the earth was created, after the in all to followfor Saint the wise his spirits, and the body back to the dust mortality prospect of anhad been thisaffairs. took Briefly is what of the earth. after the prospect nounced, of death

place: 4. The chief cornerstone of the and a resurrection were known, after

The Father is and was a Personage whole plan was to be the atoning the need for a Redeemer had been of tabernacle, a Holy Man having a sacrifice of a Redeemer, one of the heralded in the courts on high, the body of flesh and bones. To him were Father's spirit sons who was to be Father spoke these very words:

preexistent of hosts the his literalborn as 4 into spirit born the world is, shall I send?"That "Whom

or Christ, ofchildren Jehovah, the flesh. Son in means By this whom shall in to be I send Son was whom my

Lucifer, eldest, the firstborn. the effected a resurrection,was to be a reunion the flesh, to suffer both body and

of the morning,"1 was in immortality, among of"a son and spirit body the spirit taking while in Gethsemane this host, as also were the spirits of two never again to be separated. upon himself the sins of the world,

all men, who have been or yet will 5. And finally there was to be a to be lifted up upon the cross, to

be born on earth. day of judgment when a just measure ransom men from the fall, to be the

These spirits, endowed with agency would be meted to every man, and Redeemer?

and governed by law, developed a when those who fully qualified by volunteers. were There two Both capacities. talents ofvariety raised, and Some not righteousness would be

I, said, "Here send me."3 But am great. Lucifer noble in immortality, and atonly but also untobecame

first, also said:tained unto a position of eminence and eternal life, the kind of life which Christ, who was the

"Father, thy will be done, the and Christ, preeminentauthority, himself has. the but Father

I forever."is: be thine 6 That

all, "like unto became Step this plan by stepabove them was unfolded, glory

God."2 taught, and put into operation. Thus, will continue to accept your plan of

Abraham 3:27.

1D. & C. 76:26; Isa. 14:12. 3Joseph Fielding Smith, Teachings of the Prophet BIbid.

Abraham 3:24. Joseph Smith, p. 354. flMoses 4:2.

322 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA that "there was war in heaven,"13 and those who were cast out became "the devil and his angels."14

This is the story in outline form;

and all the scriptures bear the same testimony. Always it is the Father's

plan; always the Son is the obedient

coworker: "I came into the world to do the will of my Father, because my Father sent me. And my Father sent me

that I might be lifted up upon the cross."15 "My meat is to do the will of him that sent me, and to finish his work."10 "I can of mine own self do nothing:... I seek not mine own will,

but the will of the Father which hath sent me."17

"I came down from heaven, not to do mine own will, but the will of him that sent me."18

"I do nothing of myself; but as my

Father hath taught me, I speak these things. And he that sent me is with

me: the Father hath not left me

alone; for I do always those things

that please him."19

From this summary of events and from these principles, we learn some great lessons. One is that the preexistent government was not a

democracy any more than the Church government today is a democracy. It

was a kingdom then; it is a kingdom

now. The Lord always makes the

laws, issues the decrees, and invites his children to obey and progress.

Because of agency the preexistent spirits were permitted the democratic principle of accepting or rejecting redemption, accept it without change ience to law. And as a final blow: Christ's appointment as Redeemer. So

or modification. And thine be the Lucifer sought to obtain as his pertoday: Men may accept or reject the

glory! sonal reward, the very power, posisaving truths of the gospel. But

Lucifer, the second volunteer, had tion, and throne of the Father himthe rejecter always pays the penalty.

no such spirit of obedience. "I will be self. Further: By following the Father's

plan, grace grace to Christ from went I son,"said,thy will he "and redeem put. squarely The issue was A

fulness of until the received the he all that soul shall mankind, one not decision must the be made, and 20 so that Father, having now, worked I it; surelybe lost, will and wheredo Father the (always Father!) issued

fore give me thine honor."7 That is: the decree: "I will send the first,"8 out the atoning sacrifice, "and being

Lucifer favored the Father's plan by thus choosing Christ to be the "Lamb made perfect,"he has become "the of all eternal salvation author unto the spirit childrenwhich obwere to slain from the foundation of the him."obey them that to him 21 Thus 9tain bodies of flesh were and bones, world."

is all glory ascribed in and honor die,to to resurrected. be were But it that "the second Then was was things, joint for those seek and whoLucifer to testthe wanted abandon first angry, his estate; not kept and heirship in must, with obedience, him oring probationary of part mortality; at and, that after day, followed many as to grace grace go did. from he The tohe take 10 wanted the agency away it him."that third "a was Then is: to perfection key progression andof forestall man, of the a 11 need judgof part of the hosts heaven"were will "Father, thy be done."to accordingment works, impose and turned the from Father away "be12:7.salvation all 13Revelation effort without men of their cause agency."12 Then it was 29:37. C. D. & theiron 1E3 impossible 27:1314. thing Ne. uponpart—an

4:34. lalohn

3:27.since there 8Abraham can be progression no ex- 5:30. 17John

13:8; Revelation I Peter 1:1920. 6:38. 18Johncept the by pull upward of obedi- 3:28. "Abraham 8:2829. 1!,John

93:6-17. C.

-Ibid., 4:1. Ibid. 5:9. UD. & C. 29:36. fD.Hebrews&

MAY 1953 323

The Gospel in

earlier, he had sent two elders to

Alaska, and that they had spent about two weeks there. With President

Heber J. Grant's authorization, I

wrote letters to Washington, D.C.,

requesting information on Alaska, and to Governor George A. Parks, the

territorial governor, explaining our missionary activities and asking about

An aerial view of Juneau, with Gastineau Channel and the prospects for our work in Alaska.

Douglas in the background. I received courteous and favorable

Alaska—that melting pot of nationUpon several occasions replies. I sought One of our missionaries, Elder

alities, territory of the United the counsel of Elders George Albert Alvin Englestead of Orderville, Utah,

States, had been almost virgin Smith, Melvin }. Ballard, and John was president of the Vancouver, B.C.

territory as far as the gospel of Jesus A. Widtsoe, who were then members district. In February 1928, he was

Christ was concerned, until the latter of the Council of the Twelve, congranted a leave so that he might adof possibilitypart as president cerning the misof 1926, when, of sending just some affairs at home that needed

Mission, I sionaries States into Alaska.the Northwestern Ballard Elder

his attention.

began exploring the possibilities of formed me that during his presidency placing missionaries there.* of that mission, some thirteen years With the idea of sending missionaries to Alaska foremost in my mind,

I talked with Elder Englestead about this work before he departed. He expressed a desire to be one of the missionaries to be so honored.

*Elder K. N. Winnie, of Nome, Alaska, who has

never been listed as a fulltime missionary in the

Church records at Salt Lake City, reported that "on

February 4, 1909, Elder E. G. Cannon, a veteran

of the Mexican War, and the oldest mining man in that part of Alaska, celebrated his eightyfifth birthday anniversary with some eighteen of his many friends, at his home which is the meeting place of the Latterday Saints."

(From The Improvement Era 12:758)

This same Elder Winnie wrote a letter from

Nome, Alaska, January 3, 1913, in which he says:

"The gospel is winning its way into the hearts and homes of the people. 'It is not ye that speak

but My Spirit that dwelleth in you.'To feel one's

being thrilled with joy unspeakable as he bears his humble testimony of the restoration of the gospel in these latter days is to sense the position theNew trueYear'sLatterdaynight I Saintspent aoccupiessocial eveningin the atworld.the

home of Mr. and Mrs. Vanderworker. I found two

other friends there, a lady formerly a member of

Alexander Dowie's Zion City, Illinois, and Prof.

Henry Peterson, a pianist and a strong friend of our people. Years ago when a mere boy in his hometown in faraway Denmark he heard the elders

as they traveled ministering to the people. He

also remembers the large emigration that followed the introduction of the gospel in his native land.

fromI hadthewithTabernacleme fourChoirphonographof Salt Lakerecords—selectionsCity, which

we heard, and they all agreed we had enjoyed a musical treat. Said the professor, 'I have never

before heard such volume of harmony and sweetness.

There is conviction of faith in every word, and an intensity of spirit and purpose seldom possessed by members of other churches.'I feel to say to the

choir, 'Sing on, sing on, ye valiant sons and daughters of our God!'After games and refreshments,

the professor and Mrs. Vanderworker asked many

questions pertaining to the work of the Lord, and for two hours I answered these to the satisfaction of all, explaining many of the principles of the gospel pertaining to the redemption of the living and the dead. I expect to continue this kind of work

for the remainder of the winter, and by so doing, bring people to realize what the true gospel is.

After several renditions of music by Prof. Peterson,

with best wishes for a happy New Year, we parted with the music from the big choir still ringing in our ears."(From The Improvement Era 16:640641)

Later that year the Liahona, reported that "Elders

Alaska's Inside Passage from the Alaska Steamship Company steamer H.pioneerW. missionariesFackrell andin Williamthis field.F. [Alaska.]Webster are the

'Baranof."(From The Liahona, October 28, 1913.)

324 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA mm

From material submitted by Wm. R. Sloan,

former President Northwestern States Mission

The port of Seward on beautiful Resurrection Bay.

In the spring of 1928, Elder EngleLehi, that they may be found by thy part of the report as published in the to that they be brought maystead returned to the mission accomservants; a issue of June 5, 1928:

their of forefathers the and knowledge elders otherpanied two by from promises made to them.... of visiting of the For the purpose manySouthern been called had who Utah

of Alaska with a view communitieson short term missions—President Elder Meeks also blessed the land opening the work of the Church in theto

Heber Meeks of Kanab Stake and that churches and even temples might territory, James Judd, Hurricane, Utah;

Elder James Judd of Hurricane. It be erected and the governor and ofHeber Meeks, Kanab, Utah; Alvin Englewas decided that they should go to ficial staff that they might rule in stead, Orderville, Utah; and Lowell T.

Juneau, the capital of Alaska. Work justice and righteousness. Plowman, Smithfield, Utah, who will spend

was outlined for the three and oneThrough the courtesy of the secrethe summer in Alaska representing the half months they would be in there, tary to the governor, the elders were Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, and a letter of introduction to Goverextended every courtesy and were commonly known as the Mormon Church, nor Parks was provided. Elder Meeks provided with letters of introduction Theyarrivedarein stayingJuneau inonthetheZundaAdmiralHotelRogers.and

was in charge. They were joined in to the officials of Juneau, Anchorage, expect to remain here for about two weeks

Seattle by Elder Lowell Plowman, a and Fairbanks. when they will leave for the interior and

visit other west, to the towns and will along sent missionaryyoung was who editor of the Daily Alaskan The their Alaska southeastern communities on to learn country the aboutmainly elders called the newspaper and Empire on in south September. way spring next thebe prepared to go back is in following account an the and page (Continued on 352)

if a permanent district in Alaska were established.

On June 6, these four elders held a meeting in a beautiful spot in the woods near Juneau. President Meeks

gave the dedicatory prayer. He said

in brief:

... inasmuch as we have been called

to proclaim thy work in this land and to officially open up the work of preaching thy gospel, we do bless this land, set it apart and dedicate it to this purpose....

... We pray thee, our Father in heaven,

to bless and sanctify this land to the preaching of thy word. Temper the elements that

this land may yield its strength in being fruitful and also yielding souls unto thee, the Lord.... We bless the land and water that

the blood of Israel may be gathered, to enjoy the blessings promised to their fathers and that this land may become a land of

Zion to the pure in heart.

We bless the adopted children of this land that they may receive thy work through thy servants and come to a knowledge of of this bless the natives truth.the We E. Warnick, Sloan, Elder Paul R. Elder C. Elton Mower, President Wm.

ofland, a remnant the House who are of (seated), Messersmith, Lowell and Alvin a member, T. Plowman, and

Israel through the loins of Joseph. We Elder Wallace K. Everton, first group to arrive after the original group

bless them the sons and daughters of opened the mission.

MAY 1953 325 Thewalledsuncitypoureduntil theheat confinesinto theof it burned like a filled cup. Tempers

flared along the Street of Merchants, and the voices of women buyers rose shrewishly.

Nathan wiped the perspiration from his small, scrawny neck and bided patiently the moment when the corpulent form of his Uncle Limhi should be turned toward the east.

It happened after almost an hour's waiting, and Nathan sped at once around the corner of the stall and seized some fruit his tongue had been dripping for and turned to flee. His

joy was full. Uncle Limhi, waiting

on three elegantly clad ladies, had not seen.

Nathan gained the shelter of the west wall but as he turned to run down the narrow, shaded street, a hand, brown and strong caught him by the shoulder.

Nathan fought fiercely to escape.

But the hand was strong. Nathan's

eyes followed up the brown muscled arm to the dark, fierce features of a young Lamanite.

"Let go,"Nathan whispered, "or

I shall call my uncle."

"You are a liar as well as a thief,"the Lamanite said sadly; "you will

not call anyone. Why must you

steal?""My belly commands me,"said Nathan haughtily. "It has been

empty a day now."

"Have you no parents to give you food?"Nathan ceased his struggles and hung limp in the Lamanite's hand.

It had no effect on the man, who, not at all diverted, let Nathan sag to the ground and caught his wrist instead. "I have a mother,"said Nathan,"who is also hungry. Two of these The Bright Warrior

are for her."He held up the fruit.

"And the pits are for a tree of my by Margery S. Stewart

own, three trees. Then I shall have

fruit of my own and sell it and bename is Samuel, and I come from a asked wonderingly. "He has taught

come rich like my father's brother, great and good people. They have me all I know."

Limhi."been keeping the commandments "Taught you to steal?"

The Lamanite squatted beside him. your fathers brought to them. They "Of course. He steals—we all

"He is your uncle? Won't he help love and take care of all within the steal. We lie. Why should we do

you?"tribe. None go hungry."other?"

Nathan looked at the man pityingly "You lie,"said Nathan and took Samuel shook his head. "I know.

out of wide blue eyes. "Where do a great bite out of the smallest fruit. I have seen much wickedness in the

you come from, Lamanite, that you The juice ran down his chin. "I days I have been in your city. I

think a man takes care of any save know all about your people."long to go back to my own people."

his own family and not then unless "All that your uncle and others Nathan sucked gently on the pit.

he feels so inclined."like him have taught you.""Why don't you go? Nothing to

The Lamanite shook his head. "My "Where else should I learn?"he hold you here. Besides, the people

326 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA in Zarahemla aren't too fond of burdens, I have nothing to spare dared to tell me that I am a breaker roving Lamanites. Some of them nothing."of commandments."

might stone you for sport.""You deny yourself great joy,"Nathan turned to run. He had

"I am sent,"the Lamanite said Samuel said gently, "the joy of seeing watched many times when men besimply. "I must stay until I am told a man child grow up strong and good gan to mutter as they were doing now.

to return. Would you know of a and a credit to your house instead of, The heat of the day seemed to enter

place where I could stay this night?"perhaps, a felon, or worse—a man into them and come out in scalding

Nathan's bright eyes narrowed. hanging on the town gibbet."whispers that burned against his ears.

"For a price I could find you a bed.""When I am richer, Lamanite,"He tugged at Samuel's arm. "If you

The Lamanite smiled and reached Limhi said, "I shall be more charido not come now, they will kill you, in his pouch for silver. He laid the table, but until then I shall take care,and they will throw me in the

coins in Nathan's hand. "Find me of my own and no more."dungeon for being your friend. Would

a bed, then.""But your commandments,"Samyou have that happen to one who

Nathan looked at him curiously. uel said, "are they to be kept only if has befriended you?"

"Are you not afraid I will run off a man wills? It was not thus you Samuel took his hand, "Be not

with your money?"taught us."fearful, little one."He lifted his

Samuel shook his head. "No Nathan watched the telltale signs voice. "Men of Zarahemla, I shall

should I be?"of his uncle's wrath, the livid lines return tomorrow at this hour. I will

Nathan considered, the trust a new that fan down from his nose, the tell you what I was sent to tell you thing in his life. "No,"he said renarrowing of his little eyes, the and after that you may do as you

luctantly. "I cannot run away, why, trembling of his hands on the fruit. wish."He did not wait for their

I do not know. Come with me. I "Do you,"demanded Limhi, "a reply.

will take you to my mother."Lamanite, dare to preach to me who Nathan followed in openmouthed

"First,"said Samuel, "you must am of the house of Nephi?"amazement. The men fell back bepay for the fruit.""We had better go,"Nathan tugged fore the Lamanite. He said when

Nathan drew back in disgust. "Pay at Samuel's hand. they were well away, "You are a

for them! He didn't even see me.""I am sent,"Samuel said. "I was very brave man, Samuel. Almost

The Lamanite rose. Nathan drew commanded to come to this people as brave as my father was."

back a little. The man was so tall, and warn them. If I warn you not Samuel put his hand on Nathan's

so strong, when he folded his arms of God's wrath because of your evil, shoulder. "He must have been a

the muscles rippled in his shoulders. then am I false to him."fine man to have had a son like

His eyes were very dark and bright, Nathan trembled watching the you."

and they seemed to pierce Nathan fierce red sweep up from his uncle's After a time they turned into the through and through. He went reneck. tumbledown shelter that was

stall to his uncle's luctantly counter. threw a coin on the "For and "Men of Zarahemla!"shouted Nathan'sas you do,home.in the"Mycommandments.father believed

fruit. at called laughed the and him My uncle Wormy it is and not fit Limhi.shoppers Soldiersbegan to camecrowdrunning,about them.and

a fool tried sold."to because him to be he keep

is them. father But dead, and my

uncle is rich. keeps not them Limhi pounced on the silver. "I—us—Nephites,"This Lamanite hasthat comewe tomusttell reus my and

pent. That we must repent. He has I do not understand."He tugged at Samuel's arm. "If you do

not come now, they will kill you and throw Samuel rumpled his hair, "Before me into the dungeon...."the hunt is over, no one can tell

which man will have most meat."

was saving the fruit for my own Nathan grinned at him and opened dinner,"he howled. "I should charge the door of his house.

you double."

"Charge him no more than a fair His mother, Rachel, turned from price,"said a quiet voice behind her spinning. "Nathan, I was beNathan. coming afraid for you."

Nathan watched the face of his He ran to her and hugged her.

uncle change as it stared into Samuel's "Mother, I have brought a friend.

dark, strong face. He laughed withHe is brave as my father. He has

in as his uncle counted out change. paid me silver for a bed."

"How is it,"said Samuel, "that "If it is difficult for you,"the you, a merchant of wealth and posiLamanite said, "I will go elsewhere."

tion permit the son of your brother Rachel held out her hand to him.

to go hungry and naked and his "A friend of my son's is my friend wife to labor beyond her strength?"also. There is a pallet in Nathan's

Limhi looked up openmouthed. room. I fear you will not find it too

"I have been watching many comfortable."

things,"Samuel said. Samuel's eyes swept over the

Limhi wrung his hands. "But meager furnishings of the little house,

there are taxes and heavy civic (Continued on page 358)

MAY 1953 327 sat in which the schoolroomGerta still except for the sound was of pages being leafed or of pencils scratching. She looked out of

the window and saw poplar trees beginning to come in leaf; she saw

the roofs of houses, the church spire in the distance. A fly caught in the

corner of an impenetrable window buzzed angrily.

The silence seemed to go deep, deep down inside of her to find a corresponding, aching silence there.

She had been absent from school yesterday. When she came back,

she had found the "popular"crowd of girls all whispering to one another, all excited. Most of the girls were

her friends—she went with them

more than she went with anyone else—though, of course, there were

one or two who were too snobbish for her taste. Liza and Jane seemed

to be the center of whatever was going on. And they were the two.

When she had asked Nona, who sat near her what it was all about she shrugged, saying, "Oh, they've got some kind of club going. You'll

probably be asked to join."

"I doubt it,"Gerta said, managing a smile, "not with Jane and Liza starting it."

"But Pat's your best friend. You've

got a chance."

Gerta looked at the other girl quickly, then looked away. The way

she had emphasized "You"hit her strangely. She meant... why, of

course she meant that she didn't have any. Not Nona. And why

not? She was cute enough, surely.

She was new here, and she was quiet.She didn't have the push of Liza THE DIFFERENCE IN AGE

who had moved to town just last by Christie Lund Colesyear and had walked in and taken over. But she was a mighty nice

girl. was gone down the hall, was joining if she was welloff and Dad had

Still, she couldn't keep her mind the laughing, jabbering girls. been one of the town's most promifrom her own problem. Why hadn't Gerta walked home alone though nent citizens, she worked in the lishe been asked? Why—why? she knew she could have walked brary because she said she loved it,

with Nona or Joulene or Susie who and it gave her something to do,

After school, as she was leaving all lived near her place. But she kept her mind occupied. But having

her locker, Pat breezed up to didn't want to walk with them. She a mother who was home all the

say, "Going by Stacy's to get a didn't want to take second best, to time, having a father, made a differmalt?"snatch at any friendship because she ence to a girl—a big difference. By

Gerta shut the locker door, saying, couldn't get in with her old crowd. five o'clock when her mother came

"Sorry, I've got to get home. But As she walked, the bitterness grew home, she had built a good case.

fast."in her, made her breath come faster, The mother had barely taken off

her cheeks burn, She'd quit school; her hat and coat when Gerta was

"Company?"she would move to another town. telling her the whole story.

"Could be."Slowly, she began to figure out a Mother looked at her, smiled, "I'm

"Think I'll go with the others then. reason: It was because her mother sure it isn't so bad as all that. I

Be seeing you."Just like that she was a widow. That was it. Even must get dinner."

328 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA seeming to know that she was merely venting her heartache upon someone who was near. After a moment she

told her quietly, "When I was about your age, nearly all the girls formed some sort of club, too. I was new in

the town and I wasn't invited."

"I'll bet you didn't even care."

"Oh, yes, I did. I was terribly

hurt at being left out. Just as you

are hurt now. But I was proud, too

proud to let anyone know. One of

the other girls excluded said something unkind about the girls, and

I defended them, said I supposed they had their reasons. Somehow, it got

back to the others, and the next day

I was asked in. It was as simple

as that.""Sure. But nothing like that will

happen to me. You just see."

"And if it doesn't, what then? Do

you know after I got in the club I found so much spitefulness, so much petty jealousy and trying to outdo one another, that after awhile I drew out. I survived beautifully without

them.""Oh, you don't understand. It

was simple for you because you were asked in; you could draw out if you

wanted to. I'm... I'm... just a

nobody. It's because you're a widow

... if Daddy had lived."

The older woman's back straightened, she asked too quietly, "Yes?"

"Oh, you know. They wouldn't

have dared push me around like this."issiG hlk >urrr Once more she began to cry, and her mother went rather stiffly to the bedroom, returning with tissues which cried, starting sweater. to her boy,"remove "The Dewey Nona

off in the already water trying... she handed to the girl. As she stood kicked shoes, was her moccasinBut Gerta had

to seize the fighting, drowning boy. above her, she whispered, "Gerta,

you're quite a big girl now, fifteen, big enough to go out to parties with mixed crowds, big enough to spend

Gerta clenched her fists, and tears "Gerta, honey. I didn't mean to your money as you choose. It's time

blurred her eyes. Her voice was be abrupt. I'm sorry. If it hurts you you realized that as we grow up we

dramatic as she asked, "How can you like that, then it hurts me, too,... have to take life as it comes, good

fust stand there? Can't you underlike a knife turning inside of me. and bad. We have to accept restand? The girls have formed a Yet, I know it will pass. You will sponsibility for our acts and, lots ofclub, and they didn't ask me in.- I look back on it some day and smile—times, for what happens to us. Other

can't stand the shame of it, the "I won't. I won't,"the girl progirls have mothers who work. Jenhumiliation."tested. "I'll never get over it. I nie's mother is a widow. Just try to

Suddenly, she broke down into wish I were dead."realize that no one can have everyshaking sobs, put her head down "Come now,"protested her mother, thing. Look out of yourself. Look

upon her folded arms, and let the "you mustn't talk like that. That's at the big, beautiful spring world

tears course down her cheeks onto going too far."outside. Come on, smile."

the rose frieze divan. She was the The girl breathed deeply, shook She would have lifted the girl's

picture of dejection and heartbreak her head, "You see. You don't unhead, but Gerta turned it from her

as her mother bent over her and put derstand; you never could. There's with an angry toss. With a final

her hand upon the softly gleaming too much difference in our ages."desperate sob, she cried, "If I had

hair. Her mother let the words pass, (Concluded on following page)

MAY 1953 329 A DIFFERENCE IN AGE relaxed,she caughthis herselfbody againstwent limp,the forceand (Concluded from preceding page) were walking toward Gerta's house of the water. She stood up, trembling,

a daughter whose heart was broken, by the lower road that curved through saw Nona pull the child to safety,

I'd cry... I'd cry with her."trees and willows near the river. It then start toward her.

The woman knelt down swiftly, was a special sort of spring day, al- "All right,"she managed to whistook the girl in her arms, held her most too warm for the time of year. per between mouthgaping breaths.

against her shoulder, and rocked her She had started to say something But Nona assisted her to the bank, back and forth, her face stricken, about Nona coming to call for her then started artificial respiration on "Oh, you poor little darling. Of the next day when they heard a cry the boy.

course you would. And if I could from beyond the willows, a child's Gerta lay panting on the river

weep, it would be with you... and cry followed by water splashing. They bank, closed her eyes for a few mofor you."looked at one another then simulments, and thought of many things

"What do you mean, 'if you could taneously started running. Gerta got in a hazy, disconnected way. Sudden,

weep?'"Gerta asked suddenly lookthere first, but Nona was close behind unexpected tears stung her eyes, difing up, a question in her misty her. They saw the pool of whirling, ferent from those she had shed earlier.

glance. splashing water; they saw the child's It wasn't long until the child's

"Oh, I suppose I mean that I shed arms waving frantically before they mother was on the scene, the fire my tears long ago. There just aren't disappeared in the water; they saw department, and many townspeople,

any left to cry."the frightened, wildeyed face, the too. There were even photographers

"You mean when Daddy was fighting for breath, the gasping lips. from the newspapers wanting to take

killed?"It was a boy about six years old. their pictures. People were praising

"Yes, and when your grandparents "The Dewey boy,"Nona cried, starttheir courage... and several of the

died; when your little brother was ing to remove her sweater to hand it girls from the club were standing

stillborn; when T was young and to her friend. wideeyed, listening, eager to be

couldn't afford a formal. My mother But Gerta had kicked off her mocknown as their friends. She was

and sister took two dresses and tried casin shoes, was already in the water sure that it wouldn't be any trick to to make me one... and the other trying to seize the fighting, drowning get in the club... if she and Nona

girls laughed at it."boy. She grabbed his arm as he wanted to.

"I'll bet you hated them,"the girl started down the stream which was As she watched the boy's mother whispered, incredulously. deep and churning with the water hugging him against her, shedding

"No. Just for a moment. I cried from the quickly melting snows in hysterical, happy tears, she thought

because of them—Mama and Rhea hills above the town. of the time her mother had jumped

because they had worked so hard, In his panic the boy flailed his in to save her even though she didn't and because they were so sweet. I arms toward her, clutched at her know how to swim. Funny things,

didn't want them to know."hand, her arm, finally her shoulders, mothers. Wonderful, especially widHer voice broke briefly. She and her throat. His legs threshed ows who had to raise a child alone,

patted her daughter's shoulder. wildly about her body, unsteady in to be both father and mother.

Just then the telephone rang. Mrs. the heavy river. His arms, his hands For a moment, she thought it was

Norton went to answer it, turned to clutched about her throat were like the need to see Mom that was giving say, "It's for you, Gerta."a vise, growing tighter and tighter. her illusions, but it wasn't. It was

The girl shook her head, but knowShe struggled to remove them, to her mother in the flesh, running to-... fear in her eyes, coning that the other party had probably keep her balance, to pull him toward ward her

... and pride.heard, got up and went forward. the shore, instead he was pulling her cern, love

It was Nona. A little hesitantly, downward with his unnatural, grasp- "Oh, honey,"she said, squeezing

she asked if Gerta would like to come ing strength. She sank to her knees her through the heavy blanket someover and play tennis. Gerta paused still fighting to calm him, to force one had thrown about her, "oh, baby.

get you home, get you warm.a moment, surprised. She didn't him from her, but the water was in We must

know that Nona's folks had a tennis her face now, in her mouth. She, Bless you."

court. She answered, "I was planning too, was gasping for air. She, too, was Gerta's hand reached out to detain

to study. But you talked me into struggling for life, for breath. While her just a moment as she told her,

... there's something I've gotit."it seemed minutes passed, she was "Wait

vaguely aware that it was only secto tell you. I'm sorry about this

"What about my eyes?"she asked onds. But what long seconds! Fear afternoon."

her mother. and terror struck at her as he clung "Hush. It was nothing."

"Put some cold packs on for a few tighter and tighter almost in a death- "It was... and I just wanted to

moments. You'll look fine."After grip. say that there is more difference in

a moment, she asked, "Is that Nona Her head was whirling. Her wet our age than I thought, but in a

Renstrom? They're lovely people. clothes seemed to weigh tons, seemed different way."

Her father is a lawyer for the utilities to pull on her as he was pulling on Her mother's cheek was against company."her, down... down, into the water, her own; she was whispering, '''I love

"Is he really? I didn't know."down the river. She gasped. Then, you so much."

Gerta said, "I'd better hurry."she felt hands disentangling the hands "Me, too,"Gerta answered, littleGerta and Nona had finished a set from her throat; she saw a small, girl fashion, kissing her mother's

or two of tennis, had eaten some determined fist come up onto the boy's cheek where, suddenly, there was a small cookies and cooling punch, and blue, rigid chin. The clasp on her very salty tear.

330 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA It is as if we were completing a jigsaw puzzle. There is a peculiarly

shaped blank which calls for a missThe Stick of JUDAH ing piece designated as the Stick of

Judah. The Old Testament fits easand the ily into the gap. Then there remains

an adjacent blank space to be filled

first thing we do isStick of byNaturallya missingthe "Stick of Joseph."JOSEPH to try to slip the New Testament inConclusion to it. But turn it and push it and

force it as we will, the New Testament simply does not belong there, for it by Hugh Nibley, Ph.D. is not the story of "Joseph and his

ASSOCIATE PROFESSOR, HISTORY AND RELIGION, associates"in contradistinction to BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY that of "Judah and his associates,"of Alexandria notes that is supposed to have absorbed the which makes up the Bible—if anyCyril "everywhere life is by the wood,"synagogue; Joseph is not a Gentile, thing it belongs to the latter class,

as sin came by the wood, so but as authentically of Israel as Judah to the Stick of Judah. Since the missalso redemption comes by the wood, is; it is Israel that triumphs, not the ing piece refuses to be found, the

and he cites the rod of Moses and the Gentiles; the sticks represent coveskilful jigsaw artist simply goes ahead

cross of Christ. 118 nants between two nations that are and completes the rest of the picture,

Jerome says the two rods of Ezekiel contemporary, not as Jerome suggests, and then if the missing piece is still are the church and the synagogue, 119 the making of a single covenant with lost, he can infer from the shape of while the two rods of which Isaiah the same nation at two different times; the last empty space and from the

speaks are the congregations of the both nations are to be brought back design and color of the surrounding

Jews on the one hand and the Gentiles home again after having been scatareas almost exactly what the misson the other; 120 and again, "the two tered from a common center, and ing piece should be. This is what we

rods are the covenant of God with hence no Gentile nation qualifies for are attempting here. When the

to failed supply commentators the entered twice upon,"i.e.,men the not cast Bible hath promise—"God

121 the missing piece or to agree on what the the andOld New Testaments; he foreknew."away his people which

joining of the two to make one scepter The whole situation is clearly set it should look like, we simply consignifies that which is joined together forth in Ezekiel 37: The chapter is tinued to work out the puzzle, putting

in the baptism of Christ, united "to speaking of the scattering and gathinto position every piece we could make one new man."122 ering of Israel and the resurrection; 123 find that had to do with sticks and

Why are not these interpretations there cannot be the slightest doubt covenants. As a result we are now

accepted by the Christian commentaas to what is meant by Joseph and in a position to make some pretty tors of our day? Because while the Judah, and while the New Testanear guesses as to the shape, size,

Old Testament conspicuously satisment might conceivably be described and color of the missing piece to our baffling "Stick of Joseph."fies all qualifications for the Stick of as the stick of Judah, by no effort of puzzle—the

Judah, the New Testament is not a the imagination can it be interpreted Let us read the text again, sticking whit less the property of Judah, havas the stick of Joseph. It is on the as close to the Hebrew as possible:

ing on the other hand no special afStick of Joseph that every attempt to finity for Joseph, with whom in fact interpret the passage breaks down cameEz. 37:16:to me, Andsaying,the Andword thou,of thesonLordof

neither the Gentile congregation for hopelessly. (Continued on following page)

the Christian Church have any direct connection. The license of allegory, all but unlimited throughout

most of the scriptures, is peculiarly checked in Ezekiel 37, and the scholar or churchman who would make an arbitrary "spiritual"interpretation of the chapter finds his usual liberty severely curtailed, for

Ezekiel employs concrete symbols to illustrate an historical event. The

terms he uses are specific; the names

of Israel, Joseph, and Judah are not mysterious, and the great events to which he refers are those to which the chosen people have been instructed to look forward for centuries, and for which the Christians have yearned no less. In Ezekiel's prophecy Joseph

does not absorb Judah, as the church

MAY 1953 331 THE STICK OF JIIDAH AND THE STICK OF JOSEPH

(Continued from preceding page) what these are to thee?) (19) Say to them,Daimes /* man, take to thyself one (piece of) wood Thus saith the Lord Jehovah, Behold I will

and write upon it for Judah and for the take the wood of Joseph, which is in the children of Israel his associates, and take hand of Ephraim and the staves (or it for write one Joseph and upon wood I Israel associates sceptres) shall his of and L. D. S. RECORDS and ALBUMS

all of of the house and Ephraim wood it (or alongplace with along upon them TABERNACLE CHOIR,MM861THE MORMON Israel his associates approach (17) I And of shall side) the 1, and four make 12"records $6.29 Judah wood Volume

Father; Saints; Ye Abide Come, Come My O to (the) for other for them one thee shall for they be one one wood, and one them Us, With Me; JehoGreat Thou Guide O so they for single ones shall become the thou Faith vah; Praise Lord; woods which to the (20) of hand And Our wood in my

Lord's Fathers; The Prayer; Worship O the in thy hand say they (18) And when (shall in be) thy written to hast hand upon King; Help A Mighty Our O thee the sons of thy wilt people, thou not in to Past; them, All their eyes So say Thus before Ages Thank Our (21) NowFortress; God,We

Eyes. God; Lift Thine show us what thou meanest by this? (lit.: (Continued on page 334)

as above on 1 longplayingML2077—Same

record $4.00

MM899THE TABERNACLE CHOIR, MORMON s&S&iSSSvJSs

Let (f the Mountains Shout Jesu, is Over; Day Work offor GodJoy; Incarnate;Now the

Hail! Bright Abode from "Tannhauser";

Achieved Creation"; is Hearthe GloriousMy Supplication;Work fromOut"Theof {/{Jlthovit Jrlaker Jreik the Silence Rise Up! Arise! from "St. Paul"; f lp

Hallelujah Chorus "Mt. from

of Olives."Richard L. Evans 1 longplayingML2098—Same as above on

record $4.00

Jessie Evans soloist, Smith, the Tabernacle and

Choir, "King 'Tis fhen we think of America's patriots of the past, there are of Glory""Behold and

Eventide."12"record $1.31 this unfailingly are mentioned, almost two whom who WJessie soloist, Evans Smith, M.I. with A. Youth

in special and hold Washington remembrance. we month Chorus, "Angelic Jessie Choir"and Evans

Smith, 10"recordsoloist, "That Sweet Story of Old."$1.16 Lincoln were markedly different in many ways. In some

Jessie Evans Smith, in particular: in their earnest

in the Temple"andsoloist,Leonard"TheyFriendly,Foundorgan,Him things they were similar—one

"Valse Amelia."12"record $1.58 prayerful petitioning of Providence for help in meeting their

Luaeine Two 12"ClarkrecordsFox, narrator, "Story of Nephi."$3.75 grievous problems. We often expect much of men. And

Jessie Evans soloist, Smith, "I Walked in God's do. can able honest there that sincere and and men is much Garden"and Friendly, Leonard organ, "Outside of the Doors 12"after so thinkHeaven."record all, are with men, $1.58 But men. And many men

MAIL THIS COUPON j ing and working and planning against so many other men,

Post As the Office will longer no insure it is going to be more than men that will determine the records unless they are of an unbreakable material, must, therefore, we have thorization signed stating you will assumethis fullauultimate outcome. If we—if any of us—if you (meaning

responsibilitydamaged in shipment.if the records are broken or each of us)—if you would wish to convince yourself unpostage Add to above

LP, 50c for regular 78 RPMprices—30cRecord Album,for Singleadd forgettably of this solemn fact, suppose for the moment that

for 25c first single Record 78 10c RPM and each additional In record. 78 Utah addfor the world's weighty problems were placed in your hands RPM

2% to above prices for State Sales Tax. for some immediate solution. Just what would you do?

Name Suppose that the lives of millions of men, suppose that all

DAYNES MUSIC COMPANY 4547 South Main, Salt Lake City 1, Utah we hold dear, suppose that freedom, that civilization itself

Please send me the records I have checked were to be saved or lost, by your word, by your wisdom. What above.

Name would be your answer? What course would you choose?

Address Which way would you go? (Suppose that only one life deCity State pended upon you. Even that would be very weighty.) Re-

( ) C.O.D. ( ) Cash ( ) Charge

member that you are only a man with the wisdom of a man, even as are all other men. Some are wiser than others;

aiines Music some more able; some have more knowledge of some things.

But all have limitations, and all make mistakes. None of

i '1 l i '4547 SOUTH MAIN them is omniscient. And so suppose you put yourself in

5afrateCrfy BLYD.,OGC>EN the place of those who have grave and grievous problems145 NORTH UNIVERSITY, PR0VO J'2260 WASHINGTON

placed upon them, and think how urgently they need insight and inspiration, how urgently they need our earnest prayers, as well as their own. It is easy to see how such

also, have mentioned, as have and many others been men See EUROPE their of need to their knees in acknowledgment been brought at its vest.. for divine direction (even as we know our own need in

After the Summer crowds! meeting even our own daily pergonal problems). Mere men England

France without higher help are woefully inadequate. But by prayer

Holland of guidance for the the Lord living by repentance and and $975oo Germany all inclusive from expect the right reason to and nations have and God, men Switzerland New York Italy problems.* perplexing to their answers

Passage on the "QUEENS"leaving

New York September 30 *Revised.

Write for complete information and reservations UNIVERSAL PRESENTEDJke SpokenOVER KSL AND\A/ordTHE COLUMBIAfrom templeBROADCASTINGsquare

TRAVEL SERVICE SYSTEM, FEBRUARY 22, 1953

HOTEL TEMPLE SQUARE Copyright, 1953

Salt Lake City 5-6552 - 5-5924 332 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

1. Large Type Edition

THE WORLD OF BOOKS IS THE MOST REMARKABLE CREATION OF MANTRIPLE COMBINATION

Book of Mormon, DocNOTHING ELSE THAT HE BUILDS EVER LASTS trine and Covenants, MONUMENTS FALL

Pearl Price of Great in NATIONS PERISH volume. one handy An

excellent gift for older CIVILIZATIONS GROW OLD AND DIE OUT readers. Beautifully

bound in leather and gold AND AFTER AN ERA OF DARKNESS stamped. Extra large type NEW RACES BUILD OTHERS

( see sample below $10.00) BUT IN THE WORLD OF BOOKS ARE VOLUMES

m it unto you. THAT HAVE SEENANDTHISYETHAPPENLIVE ONAGAIN AND AGAIN

.1 ve do in creSTILL YOUNG

STILL AS FRESH AS THE DAY THEY WERE WRITTEN

CLARENCE DAY

4 JESUS THE CHRIST Dr. James E. Talmage

Considered to be the most authoritative and inspired life of

Christ. Cloth $3.00 Leather $7.00

In a Sunlit Land 5. MINISTRY OF CHRIST By Curtis Wright

Dr. John A. Widtsoe This little booklet harmonizes the New Testament account of

The heartwarming autobiograChrist's ministry with "Jesus the Christ,"by Dr. Talmage. $,25

phy of a distinguished church- 8. VOICE OF ISRAELS PROPHETS Dr. Sidney B. Sperry

interesting and The enlightening words and works of the major science; of and man man prophets Testament. of the Old $3.50 bits sprinkled of with wisdom

9. L.D.S. IN READINGS HISTORY CHURCH sprightly humor, and $3.00 Berrett E. William P. and Burton Alma

first a of series The of readings from best authenticated the Writings of sources history. of Church $4 qq P. Pratt Parley McKinlay Lynn 10. LIFE ETERNAL Pratt Parker Rohison

excellent to background Temple An Ordinances and Temple Work. Eternal Life of "The the Ma-

$2.00 is terial just of Body"the one LIFE 12. J. OF A GREAT LEADERHEBER GRANT interesting subjects that many S. Bryant Hinckley

life are treated. story of the The seventh conPresident of book the A new Church. $2.50

taining never before many 13. OF TESTIFIES BOOK MORMON Dr. B. Sidney Sperry

published writings of Newest book author by has the who Book made of Mormon live for thousands his read have thewho his books and heard lectures. this leader. great $4.00

Fate of the Persecutors 14. LET'S LIVE Claude Richards $3.00

of the Prophet offers Joseph Smith which A book a dynamic and constructive of attainway real ing security, personal N. B. Lundwall happiness, peace. and world

A compilation of historical 15. FATAL DECISION Dr. Walter P. Stookey $3.00

data The personal on the testimony his Smith, of Joseph martyrthe Mormontragic storypioneersof theto Donnerfollow 'a Partyyear wholater. blazed a trail$1.75for

dom, and the fates of those 16. LIFE OF J. GOLDEN KIMBALL Claude Richards

T. Golden who persecuted him. $3.00 TheKimballtellingare capturedwit, goodinhumorthis biography.and genuine greatness of $3 eq

2. Truth Seeker and

Mormonism Joseph F. Merrill

>-:-. A thought - stimulating, faithbuilding book written prifor marily diffifind those who

culty in reconciling 1J. VrtiStf the teach-

6. Utah Indian ings of science with

Stories Milton R. Hunter those of Mormonism. $1.00

Packed with breathtaking pioneer and Indian stories... the true tales

that exciting more make lllf fiction. reading than any

DESERET COMPANY BOOK vividly written inThese Wg cidents Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah East South have appealed 44 both to young people who enjoy thrilling stories, Please send the following checked books: and to their elders who w*

enjoy firsthand accounts For which 1 enclose ( ) check or ( ) money order for $ of the colonization of the great West. $1.00 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16

Name..

State. City & ill! Co. Descret Address Booh

Residents of Utah add 2% sales tax. Postage prepaid on Salt Lake Citv Utah 44 Fas! South Temple books. these

MAY 1953 333 Hammond Organ TheThe StickStick ofof JosephJudah and "Musics Most Qlorious Voice )> {Continued from page 332) saith the Lord Jehovah, Behold I will take

MORE THAN 35,000 the sons of Israel out of the nations among will gather walk, they them and whom CHURCH INSTALLATIONS their into lead them and about from round THOUSANDS MORE IN etc. land,"HOMES

MORE THOUSANDS I MANY AUDITOIn connection with this must be IN SCHOOLS,

RIUMS, ETC. taken the previous episode: verse 11:

WHY? these"And boneshe saidare tothemewholeSon houseof man,of

-SIMPLE TO PLAY Israel; behold, they say, our bones

-NEVER GETS OUT OF TUNE are dried, and our hope has perished;

-1000'S OF TONAL COLORS we are destroyed! (12) Therefore

-EASY TO INSTALL prophesy, and say to them, Thus saith -SMALL SPACE REQUIRED the Lord Jehovah, Behold I will open -The world's great musicians have them in their own homes and your graves, and cause you to come studios. Why wait to get into your church to piay them. There's out of your graves, my people, and

room in your own home for one. bring you to the land of Israel...

-Prices begin at $995.00. etc. Here, as Rabbi Fisch notes, "the

prediction of national resurrection, as

Write or call Mr. Seldon N. Heaps symbolized in the vision of the dry

bones, is followed by the symbolic action of the reunion of the two CO. GLEN BROS. MUSIC. "124.. That the prophet, Kingdoms. 74 South Main OGDEN PROVO of the resurrection referring to the CITY SALT LAKE

fleshancients—ofas well coursewas recognizedthis has beenby thetoo

much for the scholars, who even in

Terluthan's time were determined to see in this a purely symbolic resurrection. But what specifically is the

"wood of Judah"—why does the

prophet choose this particular symbol? Because it symbolizes both a

Newspaper that strives to serve writing and a covenant, and the unique means by which Judah is to its area fairly and beneficially... be recognized and distinguished in

is Judah's tribal staff. and report all the news with the world—it

All of which -says as plain as day complete objectivity... that pmmf ittheis stickthe orscripture.wood of What,Joseph?then,Likeis

fills its columns with a sparkling wise a writing and a covenant, some- *?*: variety of the world's best thingassociatedwrittenwith"forJoseph."JosephIt andis a thosecomjournalistic and feature output. pound document, like the Bible, but MSB it is not the Bible, for it deals with

that aims to entertain and that branch of Israel concerned with irv.TtH7.---t'enlighten with equal taste and cz& Joseph,and it willnot Judah,be heldas inthetheBiblehanddoes,of

it brought After has been... That is '3$mm Ephraim.

placed will be by together, it Wsmkpmm integrity m of the wood of Judah and thehis sideassociates that has been compiled in a like manner. When this is done,

the two will match perfectly, thereby

One o/ America 9s Great Newspapers provingof partiesthelongidentityseparatedandandthethoughtclaims dead and vindicating their former common covenant with God. This

will be a great miracle of recogni-

M (Continued on page 336) 334 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA It is difficult to write a definition of the American way.

But it is easy to find good examples. Here is one:

? How happy can you get

Creeping up on us for some time now is the idea of a many and how varied are the gleaming white and chro- "Start Retiring at 25"plan for everybody. We're sort of mium appliances that surround the home owner.

serious about it, too, so please don't stop reading. No, he will say, a man does not buy himself bits of

The word "retire"has been kicked around a lot. copper and steel hitched to motors and wires. He buys

Everyone seems to agree it means happiness, ecstasy, utter himself hours and days of time.

bliss... but a long way off somewhere. Middleaged He does not buy lamps of glass and wire. He buys

couples will tell you it's "a onestory house where every hours of extra daylight to enjoy. He does not buy a washmonth is June, and we have time for the projects and ing machine. He buys needed hours of leisure. He does

hobbies we've always postponed."not buy air conditioning. He buys his family the energy

and the wellbeing, without which leisure or work is imYoung marrieds can't see retirement with a telescope possible to enjoy.

it's so far off. But let them acquire kids, an apartment, of

a house, and what they dream of someday is much the This is no place to hint at how other products translate same. They crave time off someday from mountains of into time. What factories have done with motors to shorten

dishes, mountains of dirty clothes, hundreds of tedious a man's work and lengthen his production is a separate tasks. The boring, irksome chores of life eat up valuable story. It is at home that a man most wants to trade the

time. boring for the interesting.

So it would seem, then, that retirement ought to be The truth is that people have begun buying retirement defined as "enough leisure to do the things you want."as they go along. They may not realize it, but that does

not keep them from enjoying the extra time for reading,

Why not start then at 25—or any age? Time to play visiting, writing that book, or riding that hobby.

can be bought at the store. The bride can spend more time

Retirement is a state of mind we're trying to build into being beautiful. Her man can spend more time with his

everybody's home. We think our engineers have come up

feet up. with some wonders—but as you can guess, there'll be more

Some philosopher someday will make a discovery. to come. In making new and better products we may well

He will stand back far enough to see this electrical age in be contributing to a social evolution that wasn't in our panorama. What will strike him as important is not how original blueprints. We hope so.

/nz/yoafc ce7mh&7ice in m can GENERAL ELECTRIC MAY 1953 335 THE STICK OF JUDAH AND THE STICK OF JOSEPH

(Continued from page 334) Jerome). 125 But there was no suchCRAWFORD tion, of a piece (as Rabbi Fisch obseparation between the Jews of the

serves) with the supreme miracle of Old Testament and those of the 'MAKVUUff restoring the dead nations to life New: the people, like their book,

DOORS in the fulness of times. The long represent, as they proclaim and Jesus

THE DOOR THAT LIFTS FREE and complete separation of the two admits, an unbroken continuation of

AND EASY AT EITHER SIDE nations is an important part of tradition and blood from the days the story (dudum separata, says (Continued on page 338)

J>Sv5&555SS&

Af... heart that doeth Good

(ihey.e aa meaicmemeal

Richard L. Evans

Xbjz sometimes use formidable words to express simple ideas.

RADIO CONTROLLED ELECTRIC Consider, for example, the word psychosomatic. While

FOR DOOR OPERATORS ALL its common use may be relatively recent, its essential idea DOORS. MAKES OF GARAGE

OPENS AND CLOSES DOORS of the effect of mind over matter, over happiness, over health,

AT A TOUCH OF THE FINGER. is certainly not new. Many centuries ago a man of much

Crawford MarvelLift Door is ihe wisdom suggested the sense of the subject in a simple first and only garage door to be scriptural sentence: "A merry heart doeth good like a mediindustry's highest awarded

spirit drieth honor, cine...."a broken then added: "but he And of the Merit the Award American

1 it isn't It is prescribe, Industrial easy of Society to always Engineers. easy the bones."but

CRAWFORD door sales co. tois oftenadministermuch theto make"medicineheartsof heavy.a merryThereheart,"are forsorrows;there

155 W. 2 So. Salt Lake City 4-6531* there is sickness; there is sin. There are disappointments,

cruelty, unkindness; the loss of loved ones, and loneliness.

And if we would, we could easily succumb to the negative side and shut out the sunlight and become darkly depressed.

But if we did, we would be overlooking one of life's chief purposes and ultimate aims, for the pursuit of happiness is an one of the rights that is said to be inalienable, and "men

ELECTRIC foundare thatunderstandingthey might haveor acceptance,joy."Thisbutprincipleif we willhasn'tlook alwaysat the

essential facts, we shall see that it is basically so: for we are

here on earth as children of a loving Father who has blessed HOME us with the privilege of life and with all else that is ours.

for children his surely of a loving Father the purpose that It is true happiness. sometimes be sincere FREEZER Andwould we

is It our SAVES YOU TIME receivetrue that(andsomeno ofdoubtus sometimessometimesmardeserve)our happinessdiscipline.by

it is foolish, utterances. strongheaded acts and And

subject to AND MONEY! owntrue that unhappibe some of us may sometimes

ness that we don't seem to need or that we don't deserve.

But these things we shall sometime understand (as we now understand some of the purposes of our parents which were not so understandable to us in our younger years). And

if we will keep faith—faith that our Father intends peace

and progress and sincere, sound happiness for his children;

faith in the purposefulness of life, which is limitless and everlasting; faith in the purpose and power of God to give

to each of us complete compensation—with such faith we

can survive the hurts, with a "heart that doeth good like a

Buy From Your Dealer medicine."

Proverbs 17:22.

Be ThriftyJke spoken vvopcL FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

Use Electricity PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

UTAH POWER A LIGHT CO. SYSTEM, MARCH I,'1953 Copyright, 1953

336 THiflMPROVEMENTRA f HigH-P'of* For a

EW MODEL 66

r v e s t e r ALLCROP

Eighteen harvests ago, AllisChalmers introduced the ALLCROP Harvester, "Successor to the Binder."It brought a

revolutionary change in harvesting methods. Today, the home

owned, home operated small combine is the accepted method of harvesting on family farms throughout the nation.

Now comes a new Six Foot ALLCROP Harvester—the

still higher standard a Model of harvesting for 66—bringing

Features for the Harvest grains, beans, soilbuilding sorghums, seed crops. and

You Have Always Wan fed Though the Model 66 has increased capacity and many

New SIXFOOT header. new abilities, it will not seem a stranger. In it you will find

all familiar features the that have earned friends the world reel, sturdier SIXBAT New for Harvester. over the ALLCROP action. smoother feeding for

travel in a broader to faCrops the stream Flow Wide straw rack, New STEPUP cylinder. rubbercushioned easily bar harvest mous You can heavier handles volume, a of wideplanted sorghums, rows two beans or vegetable seed

separates faster cleaner. and crops.

boosts strawrack capacity in over 100 crops,

Spreader cleaner. New rotary—flailtypeoptional Strawextra givesA strawnew StepUpa faster, rougher ride; separates

equipment.

If you own an ALLCROP Harvester, 1953 can be your Suspension Center New year! Harvest

for Spring mounting, Golden header with quickcleanout openings on lower draper housing. "No Other Harvester Has Done So Much for So Many'*

Hydraulic header lift, controlled from the tractor seat. ALLISCHALMERSTRACTOR DIVISION MILWAUKEE I, U.S.A.

AILCROP is an AllisChalmers trademark

MAY 1953 337 THE STICK OF JUDAH AND THE SUCK OF JOSEPH

(Continued from page 336) formed by the prophet with the sticks of the Old Covenant; no identifica- a familiar and established institution tion is needed here—"ye are indeed and not a wild and unbridled fantasy

Abraham's children,"etc. of the prophet which would have

To fill the qualifications of the meant nothing to his hearers.

Stick of Joseph we must have, then, Against the Book of Mormon ex- 1) a writing, planation there is just one objection.

2) compounded of the doings of It assumes that Ezekiel actually was the descendants and associates of a prophet. For the scholars, that

Joseph, (not Judah);

spoils everything. In criticizing his-

3) it must be held in the hand of torical texts it is essential to recogis of not Joseph, Judah; Ephraim, who

talk possibly nize that cannot a man

Bible, like the be much 4) it must his after occur that events about so that of Stick the Judah, so much printhis death. fundamental Only

fit like perfectly will together the two criticism be ciple of historical cannot two parts of a single tallystick;

applied to prophetic writings: When

5) it must be brought forth long is to the of an investigation purpose after the scattering of Israel, at a test the validity of a revelation, we time when "the whole house of can hardly take as our basic rule of

Israel"shall say "our bones are dried, criticism the proposition that revelaand our hope has perished; we are

tion is impossible! Yet this is exactly

destroyed!"what the scholars have done. Thus 6) it must go forth as a summons the celebrated Eduard Meyer can revisions of Ezekiel: the and port "That DESERET "before their eyes"at that time when COMPANY BOOK to sets the "take his the Lord hand

is fictions literary obare symbols Dept. Aids AudioVisual the of Israel children from among

for all the goes the vious; same and

... 'gone. they heathen, be whither is your gift of other accounts."126 By what

7) the bringing together of the divination is this obvious? "The

will reverse the procprophetic apparatus,"he continues, BELL AND HOWELL two documents ess described which in Zechariah, by literal forms. to the most sunk "has

nations Special Representative covenants between these two grind, literary does is a Ezekiel he rods broken. two were when and God (See Howell fullpage advertisement Bell and not work through the living word,

on opposite page.) for as all com- "cut in two,"were

struggling for expression from the mentators agree, the joining of the depths of the soul as with Isaiah and sticks of the reestablishment means... gives simply us he but Jeremiah Complete Film Offerings covenants the old between them.

is of a he which book the contents

In have the Book we of Mormon to in a swallowed have supposed fulfils all these a that document is vision.... Ezekiel narrowminded,

Feature Films qualifications, and even the Doctrine limited, without sweep or power, and Covenants and Pearl of Great for Ward Entertainments Price may enter into the picture, for completely devoid of creative imaginathey are all of Joseph, are all given tion "Phantasie"and hence marked by unendurable pedantry and mointo the hand of Ephraim to propanotony."127

gate and defend, and are all bound

Educational Films together as "one stick"with the Book Interestingly enough, these are the for use in M. I. A.—of Mormon. All of which would plead same charges that the same Eduard

Relief Societystrongly for the claims of the Book Meyer brings against Joseph Smith of Mormon even in a field of competiand the Book of Mormon. Whereas,

Primary and tors. But where are the competitors? he tells us, Mohammed, like a true

other dasses We have seen that the doctors do not religious hero, sweated blood to proagree for a minute on what the sticks duce the Koran, and went through of Ezekiel were or how they were those long and terrible periods of joined together; we have further seen doubt and inner struggle through

that they try to whittle away Ezekiel's which every proper religious founder full account by diligently altering the should fight his way to growing selfDeseret text. They might save themselves realization, etc., etc., Joseph Smith

slightest the to betrayed have offers explanation which an (1) never Booh Co the trouble, for the Book of Mormon showed the unpardonably bad taste calling: is very "It as to his doubt it stands, text leaves the almost as

AUDIOVISUAL (2) offers literal fulfilment of a significant in the case of Joseph

AIDS DIVISION prophecy which all will admit Ezekiel Smith,"we are told, "that the quesAVE INDIANA 1400

CITY. UTAH meant should be literally fulfilled, tion of such doubting never arises, SALT LAKE

and (3) sees in the "mystery"per- (Continued on page 341)338 -—THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

.

We taught 3 million teenagers safe driving... indoors!"

LUMBERMENS MUTUAL CASUALTY COMPANY

".... With SOUND

MOVIES... and fine

Bell & Howell equipment... the story really

sinks in!"

says James S. Kemper

CHAIRMAN

New! Magnetic Filmosound

202 16mm recording projector lets you add sound to movies easily, inexpensively. Add

sound to old silent films, change sound to fit specific needs. Plays

both optical and magnetic sound. From $699.

Optical Filmosound 285 shows sound or silent films at their best! Full, natural sound at all

volume levels. From $449.95.

FIND OUT TODAY HOW BELL AUDIO- & HOWELLThey learn faster, remember longer VISUAL EQUIPMENT

CAN HELP YOU!

with SOUND MOVIES! Bell & Howell Company

7177 McCormick Road In the public interest, Lumbermens Mutual uses the tested principles of demonstration so Chicago 45, III.

Casualty Company, with the cooperation of the economically, so easily. Please send me, without cost

Los Angeles police department, has produced Bell & Howell, world famous for the developortionobligation,on sound completemovie equipinforma- the Sergeant Bruce Reporting series of powerment of fine audiovisual equipment offers you mentHomefor use Churchin: IndustrySchool

ful sound movies designed to teach better driv- a wide variety of precision instruments to help ing to teenagers. Only through this great, drayou do the best job at the lowest cost. NAME.

matic teaching tool could so many have been reached so convincingly. ORGANIZATION.

In business and industry, church, school and ADDRESS farm, more and more group training leaders Bell &Howell use sound movies to solve heretofore difficult CITY.

and costly educational problems... and to do makers of the world's finest

it better! No other training method so efficiently audiovisual equipment j COUNTY STATE..

MAY 1953 339 FOURTEEN MORE ROWS is both a symbol and a percentage.

To begin with, Utah Copper Division, Kennecott

Copper Corporation employs 5500 persons in its min* ing, milling and refining operations. Another 22,000

Utahns are at work furnishing Utah Copper with supSon, plant plies and services and meeting the personal needs of

Utah Copper employees and their families.

This means that individuals from 27,500 families or 13.7% of the 200,000 families in the State, are helping to 14 more rows produce copper. Farms, gardens, orchards and ranges muse

therefore increase production on a scale of "14 more"to supply the extra demand created by Utah Copper.

Or to put it another way, Utah farmers in 1952 sold $137,000,000 worth of their products for consumption in to feed the the State. Of that sum, $19,180,000 represents purchases

of these 27,500 families. The $19,180,000 expenditure also

means an average annual income of $793 to each farm.

FOURTEEN MORE ROWS is symbolic of what copper family.'"successful Utah Copper mining, milling, and refining

operations mean to the people of our State. It shows,

too, the interdependence of all industries in a thriving commonwealth.

So you see how the vast job of producing 30% of the nation's new copper results in better living not only for the 5500 members of the Utah Copper family but also for the other residents in our State.

Kennecott Copper Corporation A GOOD NEIGHBOR HEIPING TO BUIID A BETTER UTAH

340 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Stick of Judah and

The Stick of Joseph

(Continued from page 338) however readily he questions the vision and inspirations of others when they do not please him.... Thus

Mohammed's revelations are higher than Joseph Smith's because in them we feel, at least in the earliest Suras, something of the power of a conviction won by a truly strenuous spiritual struggle, and at times we sense even a poetical exhilaration/'128

Neither Joseph Smith nor Ezekiel is the kind of prophet (as Mohammed is) to please a German professor; both

are guilty of the "crassest literalism."

While Mohammed's book remains decently invisible in the hand of the angel, Joseph Smith, without the slightest feeling for drama, mystery, or the usual religious amenities, Here's the gloriously easy kind of floor copiesactually characters the out of cleaning you've dreamed about... the

129his for circulation! holy book modern Bruce method created by the

Poetry, "Phantasie,"inner struggle such are the stuff of prophetic expeworld's largest hardwood flooring rience for Eduard Meyer and the makers. No scrub buckets! No backlesser pedants, and any thought that aches! No sore knees! Instead, you

a prophet might really be a prophet clean and wax your linoleum and woodand not merely a poet, thinker, or moralist is quite out of the question. floors standing up!

And so in criticizing the modern The Doozit Pad does the dirty work.

Joseph and the ancient Ezekiel in identical terms one of the greatest It whisks away dirt and dullness and modern scholars bears unintentional is safe for the finest finish. Pads

witness to the existence of a class of may be used several times, but prophetic experience totally beyond separate Pads should be used to the ken of the academician. Needless to say, when such prophets clean, to wax, and to polish.

speak the doctors are not equipped to judge them. Whether Ezekiel was

really prophesying or not does not depend on whether this or that scholar thinks prophecy is possible.

The whole account of the Stick of

Judah and the Stick of Joseph should serve to admonish us that there are many things hidden from the wise and prudent which are known to BRUCEthe prophets of the Lord and shared II oor by them with his people. In due time

these things come one by one to the products knowledge of the outside world but in the meantime we may rest assured THERE'S A BRUCE PRODUCT FOR that the Saints are under no obligaEVERY FLOOR AND SURFACEtion to accept every conjecture that * * engages the fancy of the Scribes and

Pharisees. (The End) REFERENCES usIn Patrol Graec. LXXI, 129.

119In Patrol. Lat. XXII, 683.

Patrol. Lat. XXXV, 518; cf. CLXVIII,

(Continued on page 344) MAY 1953 341 Short story of a long shopping list

If you were to jot down all the different kinds of goods and services Standard Oil Company of California buys, your shopping list would be about 50,000 items long. Over the

years, we've been growing as a customer as well as a supplier here in the West.

But the most important aspect of our "shopping,"we beFrom groceries to drilling pipe, Standard's purlieve, is where we do it. You might think that a large company chases in local communities mean business to

merchants all through the West.

like Standard would centralize its buying in a few big cities.

Actually, our purchases are made in hundreds of Western communities. The almost infinite variety of Standard's

needs—from paper clips to propellers, from produce to

professional services—has made the Company an important

factor in the economic wellbeing of Western towns and cities. We buy building materials—lumber, roofing,

plumbing, carpentry, and supplies for our oil

Last year, once again, Standard was a very good customer fields, refineries, plants, and offices.

for a great many firms—more than 10,000 suppliers, both

large and small, to whom we paid more than $125,000,000.

We've always bought locally wherever possible and practical.

We do it not only because it's good business for Standard, but also because it helps the growth of the West. We know

that our longrun prosperity depends on that of the comWe also use the services of doctors, nurses, pharmunities we serve. macists,contractors,lawyers,geophysicistsengineers,andsurveyors,many others.drilling

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA plans ahead to serve you better 342 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.!

THE STICK OF JIDAH AND THE STICK OF JOSEPH

(Continued from page 341) that the resurrection had been revealed 121Patrol. Lat. CLXVIII, 786. earlier to the Jews. What settles the argu122Patrol. Lat. XXV, 353. ment in favor of a real resurrection is the

123TertulIian, de Resurr. c. 29, cites Ezekiel very frequent reference to the resurrection

37 as proof of an ancient belief in the resurof the flesh in early Jewish Apocryphal writrection, and notes (c. 30), that whereas ings. Thus in the very early Life of Adam

heretics say it refers to the restoration of and Eve li, 2, Michael appears to Seth and the Jews to their land, it nonetheless shows (Concluded on following page)

'&<>&!>S:&Sz3z5z

oLlttie d5ra55 V jails..

Richard L. Evans Harvest Modef

T)erhaps all of us pursue some things which, after we acquire (50 GALLONS, ELECTRIC them, seem somewhat shallow or shoddy or at least unessential. And then we wonder why we wished for

them so much and worked for them so hard, and passed 'at a by more worthwhile things we might have had. There

is a parable by John Ruskin that has much to suggest conspecial cerning this subject. He said it was a dream, but we rather

surmise it was a dream he deliberately dreamed for the purLow Price.

pose of putting over a point: "I dreamed,"he said, "that I

was at a child's... party, in which every means of entertainment had been provided... by a wise and kind host.... 14995 The children had been set free in the rooms and gardens,

;:::::;.:;.:;;:;:::::. with no care whatever but how to pass their afternoon re-;:;'

joicingly.... There was music... all manner of amusing ACT NOW! Take advantage of books... a workshop... a table loaded with everything

nice to eat... and whatever a child could fancy... but this moneysaving offer made posin the midst of all this it struck two or three of the more sible through special arrangement

'practical'children that they would like some of the brasswith Flint Distributing Company headed nails that studded the chairs, and so they set to and Fowler dealers throughout work to pull them out. In a little while all the children, the intermountain area. See your

nearly, were spraining their fingers in pulling out brassheaded nails. With all that they could pull out they were Fowler dealer now for this great

not satisfied; and then everybody wanted some of somevalue

body else's. And at last the really 'practical'and 'sensible'The Fowler Harvest Model is

ones declared that nothing was of any real consequence designed and built for most effithat afternoon except to get plenty of brassheaded nails. cient water heating service.

... And at last they began to fight for nail heads,... even Water never touches metal in a

though they knew they would not he allowed to carry so Fowler. Two coats of durable much as one brass knob away with them. But no! it was,

inside 'Who has most nails?... I must have as many as you before porcelain—fusedto-steel

I leave the house or I cannot possibly go home in peace.'the tank—-prevent rust and corroAt last they made so much noise that I awoke, and thought sion. This glasslining, developed

... Chilby Fowler, keeps water pure and to myself, 'What a false dream that is of children.:

dren never do such foolish things. Only men do.'And so sparkling clean; adds years to tank

ended Ruskin's dream of the children and the little brass life, eliminating the need for frenails. One of the greatest gifts of God is a sound sense

of values. It is a gift of inestimable worth, for those who quent tank replacement.

Harvest Model is backed have a limited time to live—which, so far as the limits of Fowler

this life are concerned, includes all of us. And yet, even as by the manufacturer's 20year prothe foolish children referred to, it would seem that much too rated warranty.

much of our time may be taken in struggling for little brass See Fowler!... Buy Fowler now

nails, which we cannot take home with us at the end of the day. at this special low price and save!

Jke Spoken lA/ord from temple SQUARE MANUFACTURED BY

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING CO. MANUFACTURING FOWLER

8, 1953. SYSTEM, MARCH Portland 2, Oregon Copyright, 1953

MAY 1953 343 THE STICK OF JUDAH AND THE STICK OF JOSEPH

(Concluded from preceding page) 125Vere enim in adventu Domini Salsays: "Man of God, mourn not for thy dead vatoris, duae virgae, et ut in Hebraico

more than six days, for on the seventh positum est, duo ligna in unum juncta sunt day is the sign of the resurrection, and the sceptrum, et in haptismate Christi dudum rest of the age to come."Such expressions separata sociantur: ut fiant in unum novum

are common in the earliest Christian fraghominen. Comment, in Ezech. xi, ch. 37,

belief ancient ments. in the in 353. The Jewish Patrol Lat. XXV,

of resurrection the flesh is a desubject IV, 1. 167. L -eGeschichte des Altertums

serving of special treatment, but since there n. 1.

undoubtedly was such a belief, the remarks Ihid., pp. 168, 170f.

of Ezekiel regarding dead bones would have Ed. Meyer, Ursprung u. Gesch. der

been referred before everything else to it. Mormonen (Berlin, 1904), p. 80S.

Ezekiel, p. 249. 120Ibid., pp. 81f.

... men in the mak 9

Richard L. Evans

s we see a new home, finished and landscaped and lovely, N we may partly forget the process by which it was brought into being. There was dirt to be dug; and rough materials to be shaped and put in place—and littered plaster and

sawdust and shavings and much noise 'along with all else.

And while it was in the making, we had to have perspective, and we had to have faith—faith in the plan, in the

blueprint, in the materials, and in the men who made it.

We had to believe that it would someday be what it promised to be. This is true of other things also. Paintings and

portraits look anything but lovely when the artist first begins to daub. The pottery we see and buy and much

admire begins as mud—a special kind of mud to be sure,

but mud nevertheless. When we see a boy in adolescence, we

have to have faith, or a boy first learning to play the piano, or a girl first fingering the violin. The first hesitating notes,

the first unsure sounds are not the finished product, but 1. How is your reference library? they are the promise of things to come. They are part of

the practice and the pain that it takes to arrive at a finished 2. Have your ever considered the performance. We need to know the ultimate objective and

articles which appear in the Era then trust people and principles and proven processes to for their reference value? bring about the ultimate outcome. We have to trust for many things—intelligently—but we have to trust. And we

3. Did you know that you may have have to overlook the imperfections of many things in the

an indexed reference to all the making. We are not perfect, any of us—and to others and

articles in the Era each year at to our Father in heaven we must look like pretty crude clay perhaps less than the cost of a good book at times in some of our actions and utterances—and

all of us have reason to criticize all of us in the eternal of reference?

process of reaching for perfection. But if a person shows

honest and earnest effort and intent to pursue sound purSave your Eras and send them for bindposes and principles, we should be as longsuffering (or try ing to... to be) as our Father in heaven is with us, and not be too

quick to judge or criticize or condemn before we see the product in patient perspective.

Deseret News Press

31 Richards Street Salt Lake City, Utah

Jke 2>polien l/i/ord Ft'ROM TEMPLE SQUARE

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

The cost is just $3.00 per volume (F.O.B. Salt SYSTEM, MARCH 15, 1953

Lake City; postpaid, add 30c. Canada and other Copyright, 1953

foreign countries add 75c).

344 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Lineage of Double Value OfferQueen Elizabeth II

(Continued from page 318) later married Elizabeth Martiau, daughter of Captain Nicholas. Another daughter, Sarah, married Captain William Fuller, the Puritan governor of Maryland.

Colonel George Reade was himself a descendant of royalty, being a ninth greatgrandson of King Edward III of

England. George's uncle, Sir Francis ik Barfow -that

Windebank, was secretary of state to King Charles I. Like other younger "Secants a Sartaiit /

sons of nobility George came to

Virginia seeking to improve his fortune. He took a prominent part in

colonial government, as secretary of the colony, acting governor, a member of the king's council, and as a burgess. In 1641 he married at Yorktown Elizabeth Martiau.

Of their seven children the eldest was John Reade, whose daughter

Margaret married Thomas Nelson.

Their son was William Nelson, president of the king's council in Virginia and father of General Thomas Nelson. Of the last named it is inscribed (yet more for your money—choose

on a memorial tablet at Yorktown: a Beauty Barrow. It's the only home

and garden wheelbarrow especially 1738of Jr., Nelson, In honor Thomas designed in for used ways to be more A*T Plan"Soldier soldier, patriot, statesman. 1789, "** one! than os <, U* siege scale of at the Yorktown commandedHe Loot pAanH

is First, quality, one- a top Militia constituting Virginia over Beautythe Barrow

Patriot contingent.third of the American weight, prizewinning* product—light

directed the fire of artillery uponHe steel his perfectly balanced, with tubular own residence rather than see it harbor the frame and a big puncture proof tire sacrificed his of his country.enemies He an ideal garden cart.

cause. country's in hisprivate fortune BEAUTY BARROW—truly

Statesman—Signer of the Declaration of TAKES THE PRIZE!* Then add the clever barbecue attachIndependence and Governor of Virginia original have an and you ment and

first prize Awarded 1781. 5 efficient wonderfully portable barbegar- of in the field

heat won't ways—the

in the least, Mildred Reade, sixth child of dening"for versatilityequipmentin cue!harmUsethe itbarrowboth and

Colonel George Reade and Elizabeth design and use"in easy to keep clean. it's

Martiau, married Colonel Augustine Hess Brothers father, HisWarner. Augustine Awardscompetition.national ORDER FROMOR GARDENYOUR HARDWARE,SUPPLY STOREDEPARTMENT also the progenitorWarner, Sr., was

of General Henry (Light Horse Harry) Lee of the Revolution and of the latter's son, General Robert E.

Lee. The younger Augustine Warner KEEP YOUR YARD CLEAN AND LIVADLE

was educated in England and reCHIEF UNDERGROUND RECEIVERS returned to Virginia to serve like his place those unsightly, messy garbage father as burgess and speaker of the cans which spoil the beauty of your

House of Burgesses. His portrait is grounds. Animals can't get at these

preserved. Augustine and Mildred receptacles—they're placed below groundhad a daughter, Mildred Warner,—-only the attractive cover, painted green

who married Lawrence Washington, to harmonize with the lawn, shows above and through her son Augustine beground. It's the modern way of outdoor

came the grandmother of President refuse disposal.

George Washington. Write For Free Descriptive Circulars

Mary Warner, another daughter of Augustine married and Mildred, (Continued on following page) NORTHWEST55 SPOKANEMETALSTREET SEATTLE,PRODUCTS,WASHINGTON INC

MAYBlbid., 1953p. 95. 345

The lineage of

Queen Elizabeth II

(Continued from preceding page)

John Smith, Jr., of Purton (the site

where Pocahontas saved the life of an earlier John Smith of another family). 6 They in turn had a daughter, Mildred Smith, who married

Robert Porteus (son of the emigrant

Edward Porteus). Robert and Mildred

had a son Robert Porteus. He was

one of nineteen children of his father by two wives. After his mother's

death the younger Robert Porteus went with his father to England to live, the father desiring better educational opportunity for his many children.

The relationship of -this last Robert

Porteus to his second cousin George

Washington, third cousin Governor

Thomas Nelson, and third cousin once removed General Robert E. Lee

is shown on the accompanying chart.

It will also be noted that he is the fifth great grandfather of Queen

Elizabeth II.

HOTEL UTAH Richard Bernard was another emiMax Carpenter, Manager grant ancestor of the present queen.

See Uncle Roseoe's Playtime Party, Presented by Hotel Utah, Tues. & Thurs., 4:15 p.m., KSLTV He had a double cousin, Colonel

William Bernard (their fathers were

N brothers and their mothers sisters), who also made his home in Virginia,

HAVE YOU attained prominence and became the fourth greatgrandfather of Robert SAVED FORGOTTEN? E. Lee. Richard became the eighth

greatgrandfather of the queen. These

cousins, like many another emigrant from England, were also of royal descent, being eleventh greatgrand- sons of King Edward I and sixth greatgrandsons of Ralph Neville, Earl of 15% Westmorland.

ON FIRE INSURANCE Richard Bernard was christened at for thousands of owners We can still complete and Turvey, Bedfordshire, adjoining his at Petsoe, 12 Bucks, home March of "Preferred Risk"install or marker a monument 7 1 608-9. father His Richard was Properties. in time for MEMORIAL DAY at buried April Great Doddington, 24

CAN YOUR PROPERTY QUALIFY? 1613, having in his will dated 26

Free inspection will tell. Ask Ljuardiuctydian MEMORIALS February 161213 bequeathed propyour General of America agent erty at Petsoe and vicinity to his

8 He also proor broker—or inquire for the "eldest son Richard."

name of our agent nearest vided for his children's proper educaFirst you. East Salt South, 49 tion. to Richard was admitted LinELIAS MORRIS Lake City Tel. 1, Utah. 47717. coln's of 1628-9, as Inn, 1 March

9 & SONS CO. was"GreatcalledBissington,to the bar,Gentleman."17 May 1636.He

91 Years of Service In the meantime he had married by

250 East South Temple Aleway. She died soon, for on 24I license, 12 December 1632, Dorothy

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH William and Mary College Quarterly, Vol. 10,

pp. M. 'Turvey tM313 Phone 3-7515 Parish Register, quoted in Blayde's Genealogia Bedfordiensis, p. 304.

8Will of Richard Bernard of Turvey, 1613 (P.C.C.

58 Capell).

346 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA November 1634, he was married, by license and as of Petsoe, Bucks, widower, to Anne Corderoy.

In England the Civil War between

King Charles I and Parliament began with the flight of the king from London, January 10, 1642. In that same

year Richard Bernard, as a member of the grand jury of Buckingham, with a dozen others, signed a remonstrance to the king concerning their many grievances, but especially "your

Majestie's absence from your Parliament, and the feare of a civil warr occasioned through the raising of an army under the title of a guard; a

sight terrible to your people."They

implored the king to dismiss the army to his Parliament who would then perform their pledges of allegiance. 10 This would indicate that

the sympathies and the acts of Richard Bernard placed him among the staunch friends of freedom.

He came from England to Virginia about 1647 and died there by 1650.

His widow, Anne Bernard, acquired upwards of 1500 acres, which she managed with great wisdom and The special Wicks Organ proved herself a woman of character and console designed for and refinement. In a letter still prethe Boston, American

Guild of Organists Convention.

served, Anna Bernard, on 20 FebruDetails and price for this size ary 1653, concludes with these words: instrument gladly furnished.

"My daughter, Anna Smith, presents her services to you both."

Her neighbor and friend was tfmZ. YOU CAN OWN

Colonel John Smith, Sr., of Purton,

speaker of the House of Burgesses in A WICKS PIPE ORGAN 1657. As presiding officer he voiced

the refusal of the members of that... at the price of imitations body to accept the governor's order

of dissolution. They continued sitting There is nothing finer for Church or Tabernacle service

. best instrument This

it is specifically case, each.. and won the case, declaring that thanfills thetheneedWICKSof the organist.ORGAN. In

"We find by the records the present built to meet the demands of the service for which it is power of the government to reside intended.

as in persons shall be such empowered The WICKS ORGAN are the of Burgesses, by the House who is a joy to play—andis itsbeautifullow performanceto see and toandhear.mainIt

representatives of the people and who tenance costs will amaze you. Fortysix years of inare not dissolvable by any power tensive research have resulted in this genuine pipe organ

extant in Virginia but the people giving to the world one of the great instruments of all themselves."Orders were issued over time.

the signature of John Smith, speaker, Prices start at $2975—(Complete details upon request).

to of execute orders the those but no Dowling 1651 Ashland spirit speaker. early the was Thus

"CaliF. Monica, Please—for expertwrite topersonalthe nearestserviceRepresentativeand advice. SantaLeonard

of stirring in the freedom young

Chas. Melvin Dunn W. Hansen Lynn Gararden W. H. 11 Vernon colony. 1st 10708 Ave., 8th Ave. 603 AllenN.W. Donald Ave. 25 Gate S. Mac 98 Golden

33, City, Washington Salt Lake Utah Seattle 2, Calif. Arizona Mesa, Francisco He it was who married Anne BerSan

nard, daughter of Richard and Anna

Bernard. They had a son, John Zke WICKS ORGAN Smith, Jr., of Purton, born 1662, died

1698. He was a captain in the COMPANY provincial service, a burgess from

Please write Dept. E-2 (Continued on following page) WICKS

Chester's Marriage Licenses, 79, 121. London pp.

42. Vol. I, p. 10The Bernards of Abington, HIGHLAND... ILLINOIS

Bellet: udu Some Prominent Virginia Families, Vol. ORGANS

3-5. 3, pp.

MAY 1953 347 The lineage of

Queen Elizabeth II

{Continued from preceding page)

Gloucester vestryCounty, and a ft JJ literal Parish."from "Petsoe man A

copy from the old Purton Smith family Bible contains these entries:

John Smith and Mary Warner were married 1680. of Feby y e 17 th

Mildred Smith was PERSONAL it 1681-2 quarter a about being * born y e 20 tu of Feb. Mundaye

in nine morning. y

r of died Purton Sen COLLATERAL Capt.before Smith John y e * th

of 1698. 14 April

Mr. Robert Porteus & Mildred Smith were

HOME l*P marryed y e 17 th of Aug* 1700. 1S

This Robert Porteus, son of Edhis emigrant, the and Porteus ward Lowest rates'.

of was Robert Lee,"wife "the widow fast, WendW *v.ce.

born in 1679. He was appointed to

the Virginia Council in 1713, and remained a member of that governing body until his removal to England in 1720. He first made his home

there in the city of York, living afterZION'S SAVINGS BANK wards at Ripon. "In Ripon Cathedral,

on the wall of the south side aisle of the choir, is a mural tablet with the

MAIN AT SOUTH TEMPLE Utah's First Chartered Savings Bank following inscription:

Near this Place are deposited the remains of Robert Porteus, Esquire, a Native of

Virginia, and a Member of His Majesty's

Council, or Upper House of Legislature in that Province, from thence he removed to

England, and resided first at York, afterhe died August where at this Town, wards 79 years."8, 1758, Aged

for your copy of this new FREESend

Porteus, Church Seating teenThechildrennext to youngestwas Beilbyof his nineat- portrait is preserved. He whose CATALOG being in England, tained prominence

made Bishop of Chester in 1776, 14 An When You Open Your and Bishop of London in 1787. SAVINGS ACCOUNT

with $50.00 or more and you will receive older brother was the Reverend

FREE your lovely Schaeffer Fineline pen Robert Porteus, who was described set. pencil and in the admission book of Cambridge,

Savings Accounts in any amount $1 to $25,000. in 1725, "as a Virginian, twenty years

33 years of continuous operation. old, and previously educated at a

CURRENT Per private school."He was ordained a

served many years DIVIDEND 34% Annum priest in 1731 and as rector of Cockayne Hatley in

Utah Savings Bedfordshire. His grandson has deand Loan Association * scribed him as possessing considerable

PROVO, UTAH literary attainments, the greatest gen-

D. Spencer Grow, President tleness and simplicity of manners,

MAIL HANDY COUPON being beloved by his family and

Send your check or money order to revered by his parish. 15 The descent

Utah Savings, 172 Center West Street, of the queen from this worthy fifth Provo, Utah and savings your pass book and pen set will be mailed to you immeV4W#i William and Mary College Quarterly, Vol. 4, pp. diately.

4748.

Name The Virginia Magazine of History and Biography, 310312. 13, Vol. pp. Solfr ahe Cabinet Address Vol. XLVI, Dictionary of National Biography, "The Fixture and Company jjMjjk 195197.

City..Zone....State. RecGenealogical and Biographical 136 So. Temple York West New pp.The Salt Lake City, Utah ||r|

Vol. ord, 70, pp. 203206.

348 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

greatgrandfather of American birth is shown in the chart.

To Church members it is of inTractorterest to know that many adherents Newest CASE of our faith are kinsmen to the queen and are able to trace their lineage tokings and queens of England who are Gives You the forefathers of both King George

VI and Elizabeth II. Many of our

Church leaders, past and present, areher distant cousins. Among them POWNTOIARTH

may be named Joseph Smith, the

Presidents BrighamProphet, Young, o CONVENIENCE# Woodruff, WilfordJohn Taylor,

Joseph F. Smith, Joseph Fielding m COMFORTSmith, Heber J. Grant, George Albert

Smith, Willard Richards, Franklin D.

Richards, George F. Richards, Stephen

L Richards, LeGrand Richards, J.

Reuben Clark, Jr., Levi Edgar Young,

S. Dilworth Young, Clifford E. Young,

and Superintendent Elbert R. Curtis.

A chart illustrates some of these connections. (See page 318.)

It is of further significance that there are substantial indications that the royal families of Great Britain and of Europe are of the house and of oflineage Israel. These King David

recalled:prophetic words may be LOW SEAT and low platform... handy to get on and

off... to reach controls.

chosen, with a covenant I have made my CLEARANCE gives you regular underaxle CROP servant, unto sworn DavidI have Thy FULL my for cultivation. height

forever, will I establish buildseed and up thy throne to all generations... my

fast shall with His him. standcovenant

... convenience comfort more More forever, to also will I endureseed make

built utility into are this new... more... as the throne of heaven daysand his

and as the sun before me. 16 Case Eagle Hitch Tractor in the lowcost 2-plow "VA"Series. Stepping on EAGLE

An ancient Jewish scholar and low platform from side avoids climbhistorian, who lived in the years 1135 ing over rearmounted implements..to 1204 A.D., was named Moses low center of gravity and four wheels HITCH

sidehills. stability great give Takes on possession obtainedMaimonides. He cultivators for "lookfront-mounted Tractors pedigrees recordsof manuscript and tillage... or rear Eagle Hitch ahead"

said to connect many European mounting of sweeps, shovels, and families with the house of Israel. In teeth. Adjustable front and rear wheel-

a manuscript commentary on the Old tread lets you work variousspaced

Testament, in which he reviewed the rows. Shockfree steering stops jolts,

blessing of the patriarch Jacob upon prevents bruises and aches. Powerful

his son Judah that "the sceptre shall brakes act instantly at a light touch.

not depart from Judah, nor a lawgiver from between his feet, until ONEMINUTE HOOKUP scholar theShiloh Maimonides come";

fulfilled in the fact SITTING DOWNsaid this was that the then "reigning families of Stay in the driver's seat. Eagle Hitch claws

harrow, disk plow, take hold of mounted in great part dethe world were into slip a pin rollerpacker, etc.... you

of the of David,scendants the House control let link, hydraulic of depthcontrol a list Israel."of gaveKing He

.. low-. and GO. This raise implement

of princely houses Europe whomany were descended from Israel, represeater also gives you Constant Hydraulic imangling lowering, raising, Control forsenting branches of the house of is running, engine time when any plementDavid. 17

whether tractor is moving or standing.

It is true that there are three Arrange with your Case dealer for a perseparate ancient pedigrees preserved sonal demonstration. Send for full story.

(Concluded on following page) J. I. Case Co., Dept. E-44, Racine, Wis.

Psalms 89:3-4, 2829, 36.

MAY'"Birthright1953Blessings, p. 89. 349

The Lineage of

Queen Elizabeth II

(Concluded from preceding page) which claim to trace back to the royal line of David in the Bible: one

through the early Scottish and Irish kings to the daughter of King Zedekiah of Judah; one through Welsh

kings to Anna, "said to be cousin to the Virgin Mary"; and a third reputedly kept by Jewish scribes of the

captivity for generations in Persia and later in Italy, and whose posterity are traceable to many of Europe's royal lines. But it must be admitted

that each one of them is dependent upon tradition for some portion of the long lineage and cannot be accepted as a proven pedigree.

But we can believe that crowned rulers have a mighty responsibility and an important world mission. So

we in America can fervently pray that the English queen, descendant of

American forefathers, with a host of

NEW PREMIUM GASOLINE GIVES Americanher reign cousins,with peacewill andbe blessedprosperityin and happiness and will be loyal to her birthright that is, in part, a true

American heritage.

2 to 18% MORE Profane Not the Name of Thy God

(Concluded from page 321) Whereas among laborers and others, that MMMEPMER ungodly custom of swearing is too frequently heard, to the dishonor of God and the contempt of authority; and to the end that

such impiety may be utterly. banished from

these works, which are intended for the service of God and the honor of religion, it Ask Us About it! is ordered that profane swearing shall be

sufficient crime to dismiss any laborers.

Let us rededicate ourselves to YOUR SINCLAIR DEALER reverential attitudes, toward an expression of gratitude to our Lord for his incomparable sacrifice. Let us

IN THE GOSPEL NET rememberWherefore,thelet modernall men bewarecommand:how they

take my name in their lips. (D. & C. 63:61.)

By Elder John A. Widtsoe

RAINY MORNING Faith Promoting, Inspiring. By Georgia Moore Eberling

no ray saw and awoke day Informative, Appealing The dark gray; she so donned sunshine, Of

Laid by her shawl of sunny red

A book for family reading AndPut onwrappeda coat aofblackpearlyonemistabout her head;

Belted with a wisp of chiffontwist;

street. At all Church Bookstores ThenShe walkedin galoshestill darksnugdownand laneneat and

350 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SKIP IT!

hy Alice M. Read Mr. Clancy's new snit

MQiYiv it! Say something pleasant

\ for a change!"

*J The sharp command came from the taller of two girls as they passed me on the street. I thought

it was good advice.

We would be far ahead to skip the "catty"remarks that come to the end of our tongues. We say them iPr //flfePbecause we are angry or disgusted or

perhaps even jealous. They are not

fair to the person being discussed, neither are they fair to us, for they iVwrr y: y, y::.brand us as being cross, hateful, or <>:&;O:'0!y m

shallow individuals.

"She's an old 'battleax.'"Skip that remark, too. If her disTit*I

position isn't pleasant, it isn't necessary to say so. The person to whom mmm

. > '&<you are speaking may not agree, and: m

it can start an argument.

"I hate her!"

It sounds childish, doesn't it? Yet

many of us are guilty of such an outtapt$ burst. Skip such a statement; replace

it with a few minutes of silence, or say something better. If you don't think railroading has changed, listen to this:

"She doesn't come from a good family."The president of a large railroad* was got a new suit, too. Going on a vacation?"

of his vigorexplained company's to board "Vacation?"one Clancy Americans don't believe in a class about

streamliners. the I'm "I'm not had on a vacation! new ously. on a brand He

system. It has been proved so many business suit. engineer on this train you're going to ride."

doesn't always family that one'stimes diesel big he boarded the Whereupon strollthat the he noticed man Suddenly for the sitting or failure success upholstered Then, in andetermine his> engine. of friend old ing with bim was an

like motorist's businessor seat anyindividual. of his employees veteran one company's

his to train the destinaran he we'll of man's, call (As Clancy: a matter "She is queer. You won't like whom clean just as stepped tion—and and down fact, is his A. B. Clancy: Engineer nameher."started out. he'd wellpressed as when Division.) of our Portland Clancy

Your companion is probably caThe president noticed that Clancy also Diesel power not only keeps Mr.

pable of judging for herself, and the was wearing a new business suit—almost Clancy's suit clean, it's quick, competent

characteristics you consider queer a twin of his own. and economical in serving you and your

may not seem unusual to others. "How are you, Clancy?"the railthanfreight.steamDieselslocomotives.can pullTheyheaviercan makeloads

"Nobody likes her."road president greeted him. "See you've longer runs on less fuel, without stops

Can you prove that statement? # Our railroad—the S. P. for water or servicing. They make better

There are very few people who don't time and are out of service less for rehave some friends even if they don't pairs.to offsetTheyspirallingare a bigcostshelpwhichto us otherwisein trying

appeal to you. Such a statement would have to be passed on to you who

won't improve your friendship with use railroad service.

anyone. Southern Pacific has invested nearly

"She's a gossip, I shouldn't repeat $200,000,000 in diesels since the war—

this but she told me...."proof of our determination to give the

Golden Empire we serve the finest railNever, never, accuse another of beroad service in the country.

ing a gossip.

Statements such as these don't im- A SYMBOL 0FXVTH>\WESTERN PROGRESS prove your personality, so replace them with some that will. Learn to

speak well of others. If a statement

is going to harm someone "Skip 4 V /&>/<, 'ft/* ** f*ty%ffjtW)!'b3ff&&%*&**ft/'

it!"MAY 1953 351

THE GOSPEL IN ALASKA

of the work Church, The which Mormon laboring in Meeks and Juneau Dougits headquarters City, in Salt Lake BALDWIN (Continued from page 325) and Haines and Elders Judd and they to discuss July 30 met las. On includes ELECTRONIC ORGANS hasUtah, the of missions establishment

throughout the world, according to Mr. their successes and Elders Judd and

Meeks. It was at the request of William R. Meeks left for Sitka. Sitka is the

Sloan, of Portland, Oregon, President of oldest town in Alaska. It was founded

the Northwestern States Mission, in which by the Russians and became the is Alaska that included, the four men were capital of Russian America. The this sent to a short Alaska on summer

term mission by the president of the population was 1700. The four elders

Church in Salt Lake City. met again in Petersburg on August 5.

"While in Alaska, illustrated lectures Elder C. Elton Mower, newly arwill be given in the various towns on the rived from the States, joined the

work of the Mormon Church and on the

Book of Mormon, from which the comgroup on August 13 to labor with monly used name for the Church was Elder Plowman. The other three

derived,"Mr. Meeks declared. They will elders sailed on August 15 on the

also distribute literature and hold meetPrincess Charlotte for the States.

the in various communities. THESE BALDWIN ings Continuing the work, other misthe "As Church has no paid Mormon

DEALERS ministers, those who undertake missionary sionaries were sent to join Elders work not only meet all of their own exPlowman and Mower. These inare ready to serve you penses, but also take many months from cluded Elders Paul E. Warnick, Walin your own vicinity. their professions or business,"Mr. Meeks lace K. Everton, Vaughn E. Peterson,

Ask for a demonstration. said. Clinton M. Taylor, Ferrill Brems,

During the fourteen days of tracting Loral C. Dana, Carl G. Warnick,

in Juneau and nearby Douglas, the and John F. Watson. Work in Alaska

UTAH elders were well received, made a was interrupted in the late fall of

LOGAN number of friends, had numerous 1931 due to the shortage of missionCache Valley Music Co. gospel conversations and sold copies aries. In March 1932, missionaries

1060 North Main of the Book of Mormon. The next were again sent to Alaska. Among

town visited was Cordova, a settlethose who served there were Elders

SALT LAKE CITY ment of nine hundred inhabitants, Paul E. Iverson, Edwin B. Cannon,

and the terminus of the railroad Ray E. Chard, Dow Ostlund, and

PalmerWatkins-Clark Music Company running to the Kennecott copper Marcus Hart.

60 East First South mines, one hundred twentyfive miles An event which stands out in my inland. The boat stopped for several memory of my trip to Alaska in 1932

SOUTHERN UTAH & NEVADA hours so they distributed literature. occurred on a day in June. (In August

Continuing their journey they stopped 1929, President Sloan made his first

J. McAllister W.

St. George, Utah at Valdez, Port Ashton, and Seward, trip to Alaska.) During the night the

the terminus of the railway to Fairrain fell in torrents and when we got banks, 480 miles inland. up at 5:30 in the morning, it was

IDAHO On June 28 they boarded the train still raining. At 6:30 a.m., the elders

for Anchorage. Anchorage is situated and I went to a little mountain back

BOISE on Cook Inlet, thirtyeight feet above of Juneau, which for lack of a name

Boise Music & Appliance Co. the sea, and had a population of two we called Mormon Hill. It was on

211 North 8th Street thousand at that time. As in the the twin buttes which cap the hill

other towns through which they that President Meeks and his comIDAHO FALLS passed they tracted, reaching as many panions had held their dedicatory

George R. Larsen people as possible in the time they meeting. We worked our way up the

Idaho Falls, Idaho had. mountain side through the thick unThe next major stop was at Fairderbrush and when near the summit,

REXBURG banks on July 4. A celebration was we stopped, and under the protection

George R. Larsen in progress and the town was full of of a great pine, we sang one verse of

35 College Avenue people. Unable to obtain rooms, the the hymn, "High on the Mountain

elders stayed the night with Andrew Top."After bearing our testimonies Anderson whom they had met at I spoke a few moments, complimentMONTANA Seward. The next day they were ing the elders on the splendid record

able to get rooms at a hotel. At that they had made. Seemingly, everyBUTTE

time Fairbanks had a population of one in the city was a friend to these

Music Len Waters Company 2,500. This is the site of the Unielders. Their conduct had been of

119 North Main Street versity of Alaska. the highest order. I reminded them

After completing the work here, of a statement that Elder 'John A.

BILLINGS the elders then proceeded back to Widtsoe had made a short time beLindamood Music Company Juneau. On July 24, the elders difore in Europe, that someday the

224 North Broadway vided into pairs with Elders Engleevent which would be commemorated stead and Plowman going to Skagway in the British Isles above all others, 352 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA would be the date of the introduction of the gospel of Jesus Christ there.

I felt that someday the little mountain o v - "It is with pride and pleasure that I can on which we stood would be honored highly recommend... the Baldwin

for the same reason. Electronic Organ... after a careful

The Alaska district was again studyof differentand investigationmakes includingof manythe variousorgans temporarily closed until June 1938, pipe organs... our committee selected

when President Preston Nibley of the Baldwin Organ."

the Northwestern States Mission visited Alaska and found enough Music Supervisor of Teton County Schools, members of the Church who had Member of Teton Stake Presidency.

moved there from the states to organize a branch at Fairbanks, also "The Baldwin Organ, Model 10...

a Sunday School and Relief Society. purchased from you a year ago, has given

At Anchorage a Sunday School was us entire satisfaction, both as to perorganized with three members. Only formanceneeds admirably."and upkeep... fills all our

one member of the Church was found in Juneau. Lorin Oldroyd was set

apart as president of the Alaskan disChairman Instrumental Music,

Utah State Agricultural College trict.

Thus through the endeavors of the faithful missionaries of the Northwestern States Mission, many children "Our young people enjoy playing the of the House of Israel in Alaska have organ... it's easy to play... proven to

had and will have an opportunity to yearsbe verysinceeconomicalits installation."during the past two

hear the gospel of Jesus Christ.

A Bit of the Orient Bishop Santa Clara Ward

(Concluded from page 319) mary Children's Hospital were: Ronald T. Daly, Salt Lake City, Utah,

group leader; Charles L. Searls, Gilbert, Arizona; James E. Price, Roseda,

California; Thomas G. LeFevre, BALDWINELECTRONIC ORGANS

Orem, Utah; Jake E. Ellis, Blackfoot,

Idaho; Riley C. Broomfield, Bountiful,

Utah; Wallace S. Idle, Fort Collins,

Colorado; Robert F. Nicholl, Arizona;

Robert B. Christman, Venice, CaliModel 5 Model 10

fornia; Don D. Owen, Idaho; Mack

E. Alex; Harold L. Cardwell, EngleTHE BALDWIN PIANO COMPANY CINCINNATI 2, OHIO

L. Lynch, Colorado; Donald wood,

HAMILTON VERTICAL AND GRAND PIANOS Los BUILDERS OF: BALDWIN GRAND PIANOS D. Barker, Utah; Jerry Murray,

Angeles, California; Richard T. DickACROSONIC SPINET PIANOS BALDWIN ELECTRONIC ORGANS

erson; William A. Henderson, Jr.,

Smithfield, Utah; and Reed Alma

Porter, Salt Lake City, Utah.

Appointees Board General page 299) IN THE GOSPEL NET (Concluded from has been serving as a member of the

Monument Park Stake Relief Society By Elder John A. Widtsoe

board as teachers'topic leader. She

has also served as Gleaner leader and speech arts leader in the Beacon Faith Promoting, Inspiring

Second Ward of Salt Lake City. She

was presented her Honorary Golden Informative, Appealing

Gleaner award in May 1951.

Mrs. Merrill is the daughter of

Graham. Elder M. Joseph and Mrs. for family reading

is B. A book Franklin Elder husband Her

Merrill. The couple have three

grown children. At all Church Bookstores

MAY 1953 353.:

Melchizedek

This is a continuation of the teacher's 1. Why were councils called in the Chris- b. The Nicene Creed won out over all

opposition. called them? tian churches? Who Priestfor thesupplements Melchizedek posed by belief in the question settled 3. The controversies sort of were What

for for 1953. Helpshood lesson course a personage. Ghost as Holy advantages were the by them? What

previous lessons have appeared in preto the emperor in having a united a. How could there be three Gods and

ceding months. church? yet only one God?

2. What kinds of councils were held? 4. Council of Constantinople (381):

Lesson XVIII What is meant by an Ecumenical a. Definition of the Holy Ghost

Council? A Provincial Council? Who adopted.

ECUMENICAL COUNCILS called the first eight Ecumenical coun- b. Present Catholic description.

trinity."the of "mystery 5. The cils? held? they were Where L. Barker,Text: Divine Church, James The Boulenger. of a. Views of councils 3. do? did the What What Part, Second Lesson XVIII.

discussion: 2. Step The affects world Christian the their work objective:Teaching leader class the outline, the Following today? to bring appremembers an quorum To needed where information supply should is there that the 4. evidence What of theciation part played councils in by posfacts where the out bring should first but of called of none bishop Romedetermining of Christianity. doctrines the the as questions such to responses sible by councils? eight and Ecumenical WhatSuggestions teaching procedure: on

following first Council the Ecumenical was when 1. the Step outPlace blackboard an on the of question the is 1. by meant of What called a pope Rome? byline of folto covered. material be The

trinity? is doctrinal deciding 5. about wrong What is suggestive:lowing

assignment.) special (See else vote? issues debate and by How called: councils were 1. Why Christological, Trinitarian, 2. Define, are settled? disputes be such can How a. settle great doctrinal controTo

Anthropological. in the Church determined matters such versies.

week.) last assignment special (See Saints? of Latterday of Christ Jesus necessary because there (This was the by determined 3. question was What 3. Step summary The central authority no was and no

Council? Nicene the summarize a member quorum Have revelation from God.)

last week.) assignment special (See 107 (See page class hour. of the findings b. of to strengthen Desire the emperor idea "Trinity"call the 4. do we outline.) suggested for text Why the of of the unity church through and

mystery? a 4. Assignments: Step the strengthen the state. church Ghost in the belief Holy the 5. did interest in readgeneral quorum 1. Arouse Why councils: of 2. Types of God? Christian view the complicate leaving with lesson the ing next by a. local councils. Provincial synods or Constanof Council the did 6. the followas What a problem such them of capital bishops Called by the (1) recreed Christian to the tinople add ing: cities.

Deity? garding Saint a. Latterday the defend you Can Called (a) the metropolitans in explanais Catholic the 7. Roman Father, to as of What Son, point view East.

trinity"? of the "mystery of the tion of light the the in Ghost, Holy and Called (b) the archbishops in

of the Catholic view the 8. Contrast trinity? Lesson See Catholic XIX West.

as doctrine restored the "trinity"with this for problem. help on b. councils. or "General"Ecumenical

Smith. Joseph taught by assignments: 2. Special the Called emperors. by (1) suptrinity"of the Is 9. "mystery the to a. Assign come one member quorum of Definition Ecumenical an (2) Testament? the ported by following New define to the prepared Council.

trinity"apof the "mystery the 10. Does terms: "robber or Conciliabulum (3) A reason? to peal your Trinitarian. (1) Council."

3. summary. Step The Christological. (2) 3. called eight Councils, Ecumenical The the of findings the Briefly summarize Anthropological. (3) emperors. the by

for suggestive 115 (See page class hour. to b. come one Assign quorum member a. First Council, (Nicea Ecumenical

thoughts.) tell Trinitarian the to prepared what 1325).

4. Assignments. Step is. question b. Council, Ecumenical (The Second interest by general quorum 1. Arouse reto c. Assign one member quorum first of Constantinople 381). Council

as problem such a leaving with them to in regard the Creed Nicene view c. (Council Council Ecumenical Third

following: the of Father relationship the and the of Ephesus, 341). and be a Christ a. could God Son. the How d. (Council Council Ecumenical Fourth

subject as other mortal men, yet be of 451). Chalcedon,

death? to pain and Lesson XFX e. Fifth (Second Council Ecumenical

2. assignments. Special of Constantinople, 553). Council prepared TRINITARIAN QUESTION a. THE member quorum a Have (Third f. Sixth Council Ecumenical means. Christological state to what Barker, L. Church, Divine Text: The James of Constantinople, 680). Council

g. Seventh Ecumenical Council (Second Second Part, Lesson XIX.

Council of Nicea,. 787) Teaching objective: Lessons XX and XXI

h. Eighth Ecumenical Council (Fourth To acquaint quorum members with the

Council of Constantinople, 869). origin and development of the Christian THE DEVELOPMENT OF DOCTRINE

4. The Work of the Councils: doctrine of trinity.

a. Creeds formulated Suggestions on teaching procedures: THE CHRISTOLOGICAL

(1) Conflicting interpretations of Step 1. Place on the blackboard an outline CONTROVERSY

doctrine settled by vote and acof material to be covered. The following

ceptance enforced by the state. is suggestive: Text: James L. Barker, The Divine Church,

(2) New terms invented to describe The Trinitarian Question Second Part, Lessons XX and XXI.

compromise points of view. 1. How the question arose: Teaching objective:

Examples: a. The Greek and Jewish monotheism. To show why the socalled Christian

Essence, substance, nature, b. The teachings of the gospels depictworld is confused in its concept of Jesus

person, upostasis. ing God the Father, and God the of Nazareth.

procedures: Suggestions on teaching Son. of Greek philosophy: (3) Influence

of the material an outline Step 1. Place question of reconciliation and c. The (a) Platonism.

(b) NeoPlatonism. compromise. to be discussed on a blackboard. The folStep 2. 2. The Council of Nicea: lowing is suggestive:

Controversy Christological of relationship question The discuss with the a. Determined the outline, Following

Christological problem is: the Son. I. What of Father and questions: the following class

354 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Priesthood

A. Various views on the constitution of 2. What does the New Testament teach separate and distinct from other

the incarnate historical Christ. regarding the nature of Jesus? Gods.

a. The New Testament view. 3. What philosophical ideas concerning b. We, as well as Christ, are literal

Union of Christ's spirit and body the nature of God gave rise to diffispirit children of our Father in same as man's union of spirit and culties in determining the nature of heaven.

body. Jesus, whether human or divine? c. Christ is the Only Begotten of the

b. The views of the philosophers. 4. Why was a dispute over the divineFather in the flesh.

(1) The Gnostics. human nature of Jesus a natural out- d. Christ's earthly body was mortal

Denied Christ's humanity. growth of the Nicene Creed? like ours, subject to pain and death.

his is body with reunited now e. He appearin only Christ a man concerning Saint viewpoint Latterday The the in manner same resurrection in a ance. nature divinehuman the of Jesus resurbe will all of us in which of the School Antiochian view c. The

of was such origin Mormonism 1. The rected. half half Christ divine and human;

two natures completely separated. that it entirely avoided the philosophi- f. The resurrected Christ is a permanent

d. The view of the Alexandrian School. cal argument as to the nature of God. union of spirit and element.

direct con- a. from came Mormonism of Intricate the intermingling human summary: The

tact heavens the from and with in Jesus. the divine and findthe to summarize well It be would scriptures of restoration which the

outline class hours. The the of ings two lessons will there the several be As on contact. direct other portrayed

brief this for basis as a serve well it could is controversies, Christological various like associates, his Smith and Joseph their answers questions and summary. this Two of stage that at the course important old, told of simply Apostles what the

did stressed: especially be should all Why controthe members what quorum know heard. seen they and had

controgreat have Christian Church the of solution the versy the involved and why philosophers b. were founders not The

of relationship divinehuman the over versy vital so to the world. Christian problem was little the contact with had and had

the main, in Mormonism, has Jesus? realize also should Why members why Quorum of Christian the back philosophy

such a problem has not disturbed the doctrine of deity. avoided such a controversy?

Latterday Saints. c. Even now the rank and file of the Assignments:

The second Sunday on these lessons can Church find the Christological prob- 1. Arouse general quorum interest in the

be devoted to a discussion of the Latterlem a complete stranger. next lesson by leaving with the memdoctrine concerning Jesus day Saint supplied revelations of 2. The new

outline for that a satisfyWherebers suchdid a theproblemterm "Motheras the following:of God"Nazareth. of material An of explanation the divinehuman ing

discussion is given following the questions nature of Jesus. as applied to Mary begin?

for discussion on the early Christian views. Reference: Abraham 3:2226. 2. Special assignments:

Step 2. The discussion: Talmage, Articles of Faith, Appendix a. Appoint a quorum member to tell

Ask such questions as the following: 2:11, especially pages 471473 (1952 the views of Aristotle which affected

1. What is the Christological problem? edition) the Christological controversy.

(See special assignment.) (A Doctrinal Exposition by the First b. Appoint a quorum member to state

Basically it is the problem of how Presidency and the Twelve—1916). the nature of the quarrel between

Jesus can be both God and man. a. Christ is our Elder Brother and is Nestorius and Cyril.

Choose to help the man that's DEALER'S CHOICE down. Don't use him as but a step

on your way up, for, who knows, his by David E. Lofgren may be the hand to turn the lock to

the gates of heaven.

Many. of you say, "It sounds good,

plays strange pranks! From a catch bad habits, strange ideas, but in practice I can't choose. I have Life

j'ob with one of the greatest law weakened philosophies, and objecto go to school, I have to go into bodies in the world, the F.B.I., I tionable attitudes. business, I have to go into the army."

became a combat infantryman. How can we build resistance? Work True. You may be forced into less

From an association of primarily and study! Work and pray! Work desirable company, but let me pass

Latterday Saints, I was mixed into a and teach! Work and rest! Work and on to you a key. It's a key I got

group which claimed all faiths, creeds, love! "Six days shalt thou labour from my parents, not by their words

and doctrines—the army. "(Deut. 5:13.) Work! Worship! as much as by their actions: "You

Discharged from the army as a Work to make your home. Study can be one with them, without being

private I came back into civilian life to gain a testimony. Work to help one of them."

and found myself a foreman over a your Church. Pray for faith, wisIn the army they don't tell you

small group. dom, understanding, and strength. where to take your passes or with

This sort of treatment is like jumpWork to build your family. Teach whom. Yes, go with the boys if you

ing from a hot bath into a snowbank. those who know not the truths that like, but be choosy! Study, teach,

If your resistance isn't up, you're you know. pray. Let the boys become one of

very apt to catch something. Daily, Work, for you have a job to do. us, not you one of them.

thousands are being exposed to Rest, that you might do the job well. You will be respected very highly

"shocks"like this, and worse. Work, to find the sheer joy of true for your convictions, but only if you

If their resistance isn't up, they work. Love, that you might be choose to stick by them. Be choosy;

don't catch colds and measles, they loved. play the game your way.

MAY 1953 355 TPresiding

A Message to All Senior Members of the Aaronic Priesthood

and Their Leaders

unto them, announced himself as John find in the 113,000 of members We the Baptist, indicating to that them he the Aaronic Priesthood there are 60,000 had been sent by Peter, James, and over the age of 21 years, and 53,000 unJohn, the First Presidency of the Church der the age of 21. In 1951, 3,300 of

in the days of the Apostles, the Presithese brethren over the age of 21 were dency of the Holy Priesthood. advanced to the Melchizedek PriestPeter, James, and John had sent John hood, but there were more who joined

the Baptist to restore the Aaronic Priestthe older group of the Aaronic Priesthood, and laying his hands upon Joseph hood, than were advanced to the MelSmith's and Oliver Cowdery's heads, chizedek Priesthood.

he said these words:

Some of the factors contributing to

Upon you my fellow servants in the the size of the older group of the Aaronic of I name Messiah confer the Priesthood Priesthood of the are these: Church

of Aaron, which holds the keys of have noted over the years that war the We ministering of angels, and of the gospel enlisted have in many servthe armed of repentance, of and baptism by immerices of at the nation the of 16, ages 17, sion for the remission sins; of this and

shall never be taken again from the earth, and 18 and have remained in the until the sons of Levi do offer again an armed services so long that by the offering unto the Lord in righteousness. time they have returned home they

(D. & C. 13.) have attained the age of 21, which has

left a affiliation. without them quorum Brethren, think when of we the maris Another contributing factor that velous restoration of the Aaronic Priestnot do contacts we enough make with hood, that divine that power the John these brethren. to There seems have Baptist at held the time Christ was into the grown feeling of a Church the it earth, upon is small no to matter segregation. felt brethren These have Bishop Joseph L. Wirthlin hold the Aaronic Priesthood. that are they apart the from somewhat

Joseph Smith said, "The priesthood is rest of the Aaronic Priesthood. There

by Joseph L. Wirthlin an everlasting principle that existed with is a lack of a feeling of belonging to

from God eternity, and eternity, will to some quorum, they have and no doubt Presiding Bishop without beginning of days or right end of the feeling to that these because (Address delivered during the general years."(Teachings of the Prophet 60,000 men have no quorum affiliations.

priesthood meeting held in the Salt Lake Joseph Smith, p. 457.) The keys With the restoration of the Aaronic

Tabernacle October 4, 1952.) have to be brought from heaven whenPriesthood, the Lord revealed to the

ever the gospel is sent, the Aaronic Prophet its organization. There were

Priesthood had been taken from the of to be with quorums twelve deacons eyes twenty thousand upon earth of because great the apostasy that of teachers members;With quorums with ten him, receptive with thousand took place shortly after the Apostles; priests twentyfour of members; quorums minds, ten and thousand open in it order and for to be restored to fortyeight with over presided members; hearts before in this him, individual an

it mankind, to had be brought the from presidency, president, a a by quorum position his must approach assignment heavens. Hence the John, servant of his secretary, counselors a two and and spirit in the of prayer spirit a with and God held who had those keys almost of the the head Aaronic whole ward of humility to the that the end Lord's

years 2000 previously, it. returned with presidency Priesthood the be would Spirit will give Holy inspiration for him Joseph said Smith is again: "It that as bishop president, his the and two the or that moment two stands he beplaces which a in the condition man counselors. to for is you. That earnest prayer. my receive the ministration of angels and of the One thrilling most inand If all of orthese 60,000 were to men enjoy the presence of the Father. God spiring events in connection with the into ganized as inquorums, the Lord his and Son, Jesus Christ."restoration of the gospel of the Lord be, dicated they should there be would this In Church, the Christ, of the Jesus Church took place when two young Aaronic 2793 Priesthood more quorums Lord Jesus Christ, there are 113,000 were translating men who a holy recIf in the officers Church. selected were holders of the Aaronic Priesthood. ord, across There came a passage that to had for teachers'the the deacons'and quoare thousands of hold the men the do with who ordinance of baptism. three rums, in presidency the members Melchizedek Priesthood, It this and with clear not was to them, as and they secretary, one there and be would gift, precious the Lord expects to us to were be do, wont they into went the into activity officer brought to these diligent earnest and in his service. the woods on of banks He a great river Aaronic Priesthood new quorums, 7064 declared in the 107th Section, state in the of 99th Pennsylvania, suppliand officers. Just imagine the potential verse, of the Doctrine and cated Covenants: the Lord mightily that they might in strength 2793 quorums, the new

have an understanding relative to the available service, let Wherefore, the activity that and every now learn his man ordinance of baptism, and in answer to duty, in and to act office the would he individual members in which derive from that prayer, a heavenly being appeared is appointed, in all diligence. priesthood assignments, fulfilling the

356 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Prepared by Lee A. Palmer

Bishoprics Page

mandate of the Lord, found in Section into the Church, but by the spirit of Now in contrast to that I want to 107; verse 99 of the Doctrine and Covelove, tolerance, and patience, brethren, call to your attention the ordination of

nants: they will follow us if we will but mark John the Baptist. You will recall that

of the time centuries, from the for the through them. way

let every Wherefore, learn his man now of Bapthe advent the to set will of first of John the the Aaron up as We office duty, in the and to act in which he dePriesthood for had year, Aaronic tist, the senior course the study a memis all diligence. in appointed

bers of the Aaronic Priesthood, and as teriorated. It had become an instruSo after careful consideration, the a text we have chosen the book, A ment in the hands of wicked men, its

Presiding Bishopric presented the followMarvelous Work and a Wonder, written powers were taken back into the ing plan to the First Presidency and by Elder LeGrand Richards of the Counheavens, and in order to prepare the the Council of the Twelve which they cil of the Twelve, one of the great misworld for the second coming of the have approved. The plan is as follows: sionaries of the Church, a man, who Christ, the Lord sent his servant, John

We have felt for a long time that -the because of his understanding of the the Baptist, to preach the gospel of retitle, "Adult Aaronic Priesthood,"should gospel and his missionary experiences, pentance, and of baptism by immerbe changed for many reasons. Hence, has had the ability to put into book sion for the remission of sins, and to

the names, senior deacon, senior teachform the teachings that are necessary call all men to repentance, for, said ers, and senior priest were suggested to to convert people to the gospel. he: "There is one that will follow me

the First Presidency and the Council of We feel that many of these men will that is greater than I."(See Matt. 3:11.)

the Twelve, which they approved. The need conversion and hence this splenJohn the Baptist was called into the

older group of the Aaronic Priesthood did text will be used during the year service of the Aaronic Priesthood at a will now be known as the Senior 1953. In addition thereto, there should tender age. The Lord revealed this

Aaronic Priesthood. Its members will be an activity program. It is true that interesting event to the Prophet Joseph

be known as senior deacons, senior they have rendered a great service in in Section 84, verse 28 of the Doctrine teachers, and senior priests. the welfare program. They enjoy workand Covenants, when he indicated that

In addition to this vast number of ing in the welfare program; and when an angel from heaven came down and

older men holding the Aaronic Priestthey are organized into quorums, they ordained John at the age of eight days, hood, we have another group of men should have assigned to them definite and so, brethren, as far as age is conover the age of 21 who hold no priestprojects. cerned, it is of no consequence.

hood. are In the of days of There 20,000 them. Aaron, the seLord The the have blind in midst. our We A of bishops lected the are older wards responsible in of men, and case the is survey being now of made the Church for this group Baptist, are the because they selected he John child. a memto determine of how our many members bers of as far various as the So the wards in is Aaronic Priesthood which are blind. in state know the of We reside. they its concerned, responsibilities and and there are Utah over 1200 of them, and

it are inviting service the the is render, bishops of must the age We no wonder often we they to get how sacrain barrier. wards the to Church a very make meeting. ment times many do How careful all of survey During the of presidency of the members Peter, James, they have the privilege of attending Aaronic Priesthood those and over the John, age selected of to 21, servrender or Sunday School their priesthood meetto the ice that in end they the might be Aaronic organized Priesthood were ing?

in older of deacons, quorums men. teachers, Paul's to message and Timothy This fine would a be project for the priests as the declared, to revealed Lord us through

senior of members the PriestAaronic the Prophet Smith. Joseph their From

to hood take care of see that and these Likewise the must deacons grave, the be bishopric numbers not select should men older brethren sisters and doubletongued, the not blind and given to wine, much to preside over these presias quorums not greedy the of filthy have privilege lucre; of attending all of dencies exception the with priests'of the Holding the of mystery their the faith meetings. in a over quorum the bishop presides. which pure conscience. think it would be if a fine In addition to thing organizing We these quolet first these also And be proved; then senior Aaronic Priesthood calling rums and quorums officer to 7000 let men use them office the of a deacon, being

them there will be a great need for the might organize a personal welfare comfound blameless.

help of elders, seventies, and high mittee for the purpose of helping any Even so must their wives be grave, not priests, and in the wards of the Church of their fellow quorum members who slanderers, sober, faithful in all things.

Let the deacons be the of husbands be in distress, might one there are where elders, there might there are many many wife, ruling their children and their be sickness own and seventies, unemployment. there are priests, high many

well. houses 3:8-12.) (I Timothy In connection with Priestthe Aaronic for this available glorious servwho are

ice to assist this vast army of the Aaronic hood work, it seems over the years that This quotation is an evidence that barrier one to activity the effect of our brethto Priesthood organizaquorum in the days of the Apostles, were men ren has the been matter of age. tions that to the end they might The render called to serve in the office of a deacon,

is Lord respecter of no service persons the with the expects Lord of them. in the office of teacher, a in and The present plan provides one Melreference to age. office of a priest. the

chizedek Priesthood adviser to every five When the Aaronic Priesthood was As I consider the duties of the Aaronic men. This plan will continue; these organized in the days of Aaron and Priesthood and the duties that senior

advisers in the Aaronic Priesthood quoMoses and at the time that Moses was members of the Aaronic Priesthood rums will be of great assistance to the taken away, and the Melchizedek Priestshould accept and fulfil with all the presidencies, each senior member of the hood was taken away with him, the dignity and the honor at their comAaronic Priesthood to be visited, perAaronic Priesthood was the only priestmand, there are some services in the suaded, and counseled to join his quohood that the Children of Israel had Aaronic Priesthood wherein experienced rum. in their midst. Aaron stood at its head. and older men are needed.

This work demands of all Aaronic Twentytwo thousand members of the I refer particularly to the 84th SecPriesthood workers the spirit of tolertribe of Levi were given to him to render tion, verses 107 to 111 of the Doctrine ance, the spirit of patience, and the the service needed in that priesthood, and Covenants, where the Lord had respirit to persevere and never give up. and in that group of twentytwo thouvealed to the Prophet Joseph that the

These men cannot be criticized into sand men, there were older men and time had come when the elders and activity, neither can they be preached there could have been younger men. (Continued on page 369)

MAY 1953 357 THESE TIMES

(Concluded from page 298) If this be true of Presidents, Apostles, Tribune: "On the greatness of our faith,

and the figure of President Heber J. stake presidents, bishops, and the priestdepends the future of our world."

Grant in the Salt Lake Tabernacle hood of the Church of Jesus Christ How great is our faith? In the God,

as he repeated over and over, the great generally (accepting the revelation of who (as the poem says) "will force no lesson for churches, states, and all other man's free agency as primary), how man to heaven"and who respects man's associations in this or any other country: much more might it be advocated as a freedom to choose? In the use of that

to establish all for the pursue agency political doctrine mankind, truth—to to or ought influence can or power No institutions maintain spirits the and where of the within struggling by virtue

priesthood, of the virtue maintained bybe truth extaught, pursued, can be and freedom! toward them, longsuffering, by persuasion, byonly by

spirit article great in the of amined the love unmeekness, and bygentleness and of faith recognizes the which humblyfeigned; the Christian died, Stalin and As finite is limits of the that there mind; knowledge, which and pure By kindness, its thoughts turned world to revealed"; as "be and, more to Easter much soul without theshall greatly enlarge

hypocrisy, and without guile in the age of hydrogen bombs, Herbert Joseph Smith and Wilford Woodruff (D. & C. 121:4142.) Agar wrote in the New. York Herald taught, that all men are entitled to the

spirit of revelation.

On the greatness of such faith, may be said to rest the future of the world.

To curb those who, like Stalin, quest in error and have potentiality for evil, we may advance the great doctrine of "amen to the priesthood or the authority of that man"who "in any degree of unrighteousness"undertakes to cover his sins, gratify his pride or ambition, "or to exercise control or dominion or compulsion upon the souls of the children of men...."(D. & C. 121:37.)

We are the inheritors of a great faith and of a superb set of doctrines to advance freedom, and make progressive human relations prevail without exercising undue "dominion or compulsion free color guide times.upon the souls...of men"in these

The Bright Warrior

(Continued from page 327) saw the pitiful supper laid out so neatly on the rough table. "I shall

go first and purchase a few things.

Then I shall return."

to to watch the door to his back turned Color Schemes for himNathango andran mother. "He is a brave man—you lotto and Country Houses should have heard how he talked

to Uncle Limhi."

listened. nodded. "He She Rachel

like is someother men. There in BENNETT'S is not

and thing wonderful very about him CottfUMii HOUSE PAINTS flowing I feel a great strength good.

See how you can "color style"your home \: him."from

and achieve a dramatic new exterior! This H Nathan took the fruit from his

unusual folder shows 14 beautiful exterior robe and gave it to her. "He made

color schemes and 28 actual paint samplesme pay for it, Mother. He would

chosen by leading decorators. See us for not let me steal."He pressed them

your copy now. on her. "No, I am not hungry. They

Go in and ask for your copy at any of these stores are all for you, only give me the pits.

BENNETT'S, Salt Lake City, Ogden, Provo, Boise I will plant them in our garden, and

Co., BENNETT'S Logan Hardware Logan Falls soon we shall have three trees of our East Side Paint Co., BENNETT'S Idaho

BENNETT'S Glass Idaho a Paint Falls Glass BENNETT'S Twin & PaintCo., Co.Pocatello own, and we shall eat fruit all day

... and any Bennett's Dealer in the Intermounlong."

tain States and Southern California. She laughed and kissed him and

gave the two pits into his hand.

358 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Samuel returned when Nathan was It was on the last day of summer. bloods of the town, their beards

patting the earth above them. He It was hotter than it had ever been. sparse on their clear cheeks.

knelt beside him. "So, they are Nathan and Samuel walked slowly One of the young men looked toplanted then. You buried them under the great burden of heat to ward them and dug his neighbor in

deep?"the Street of Merchants. But there the side; the news ran like a small

"Yes, sir."was a difference today that Nathan's wind around the gathering. Nathan

Samuel said slowly, "I have brought sharp eyes noticed almost at once felt fear blow like winter across his seed with me which I long to plant."a tension and a waiting. Nathan neck. "Samuel—let us go back. This

Nathan smiled. "Good, there is looked about the crowded, noisy day is not good for us."

much room in my garden. Plant street. The people looked the same. But Samuel's hand was warm and

them here."His uncle was haggling over a melon, steady in his own. "It is only I they

"These -seeds are words,"Samuel and a small boy was pelting another seek, not you. Be not afraid."

said, "that I strive to plant in the with overripe fruit. Men were The men started toward them, andhearts of men—in secret earth that gathered on the corner, soldiers and Nathan pulled at the Lamanite's

can bring forth mighty harvests."merchants and idlers and the young (Continued on following page)

"Tell me the words,"said Nathan, "I would bring forth harvest, too.

I have great need to be very rich."

After supper Samuel rose and pulled Nathan to his feet. "Would

you like a bow and some arrows?

Come, then. We will go into the forest

and find the tree that is better than all trees for bows, and I will tell you the words I have brought."

It was wonderful to Nathan to follow Samuel, to walk under his protecting strength, to listen when he talked. Samuel talked to everyone, to the blind man in Beggar's

Street, to the fathers and mothers sitting on their doorsteps in the evenings, to the soldiers and the schoolboys. Nathan, pattering behind Samuel, pausing when he

paused, learned to know the faces of people. He learned to know what

the shining meant that came upon their eyes when they listened, believing. He learned what the blackness

meant that came into the faces of others and to read the anger that Can better serve your twisted their mouths. Nathan marWARD - STAKE - CHURCH

veled at Samuel's patience as he explained over and over again that commandments were not words to be Attend kept on the plates only, but living laws to be used every hour of the Leadership Weekday.

June 1519, 1953 "You love everyone,"Nathan accused him jealously one day, when EVERYONEfor ChurchINVITEDTheofficers, but weekanyoneis notmayonlyatINTENSIVEfor the taking:COURSESLookBishop's Workshop,what is Buildthere

he had made a bow for the little tend. ing Conference, Family Life Institute,

Institute, Training, Teacher Genealogygirl next door. imCONFERENCE-Leadership Week NEAR CreaQuantity Cookery, Music Workshop,

M.I.A. mediately follows Conference. Stay "I love people,"said etc. Samuel tive Dramatics,

it. take over of and advantagesimply, "because they what I know RELIEF special for section ReSOCIETY-A the of General SPEAKERSMembers GREAT itare they and what will have lief Society in theology, offer in them aids

will Authorities leaders other great and litmeetings, work management, hometo become."daily. speak

erature, social sciences presented and

But the people did not all love ACCOMMODATIONSStay right on the outstanding B.Y.U. professors. by

in comfortable campusSamuel. that the marveled Nathan RECREATIONTours rooms, and enjoy TOURS will be AND meals. hearty, inexpensivetall, perceptive Lamanite should in be to industries provided and scenic spots

so dull of hearing to the hisses that EXHIBITS—Valuable exhibits and movies and around Utah County. Plenty of opincreased day by day when he passed. will be on display almost constantly. portunity for fun and fellowship.

Samuel never seemed to consider the of tellingcost people they University were doBrigham Younging evil in the sight of God. PROVO, UTAH

MAY 1953 359

THE BRIGHT WARRIOR

(Continued from preceding page) who have received it and do live it. CHICK hand. "Follow me quickly. I know Now will ye destroy me for following

the Vacation a twisting way they cannot follow."the commandments of God?"

you like Best... "No,"said Samuel gently, "I must "Think you,"the leader howled, V, stay.""that a man of your skin would be

CALIFORNIA The leader of the growing band sent among us, the Nephites? BePACIFIC COAST our own prophet, was a great bear of a man—Noah, by hold, we have

HISTORIC EAST name. He was a blacksmith. Nathan Nephi. Him will we hear."

CANADIAN ROCKIES had spent many hours at the door Samuel stretched out his arms,

OLD MEXICO of his shop, watching him shoe horses, "Then hear him, and ye will have marveling at his strength. His smile no need of me."

Indicate other choice was wide and gleaming. Nathan, safe on the other side of

... and let "Greetings, Lamanite,"he said the mob, climbed on a low roof.

jovially. His heart was pounding painfully

Samuel nodded. within him. For a moment he GREVHOUND "We have been listening to you thought Samuel would surely trihelp you with for the past few weeks here in Zaraumph, for the mob surged up to him.

the rest hemla."Samuel waited, making no move, and

SEND TODAY FOR Samuel was silent. Nathan crowded they fell back from him. It took all

rnrri COLORFUL FOLDERS DESCRIBING against him. Noah's urging before they would

iKtt! AMAZING AMERICA TOURS The men drew closer until they again surge up against the Lamanite

We'll details gladly behind! travel Leave seize they him had him. When circle them, and around in a half

trip just the prepare your you were way still offered in their hands and he his shoulder over looking and Nathan it, hotels, transporfor arranging want tation, and sightseeing. For your FREE saw that they had been pressed back no violence, their rage burst forth in

this ad, Folder, just send with your name to the wall. fury, and they beat him and cast nearest address, to your and

The leader spat. "We understand their stones.

GREYHOUND DEPOT you do not like our way of living The last Nathan saw of Samuel or to our sins offend you."was his battered, bloodsoaked form

Greyhound Travel Bureau There was a bellow of laughter pushed to the city gates and flung 107 West South Temple St. Salt Lake from the others. down.

"A Lamanite teaching the comNathan wept there alone upon the mandments to the Nephites! Now roof. He wept for his own smallness

surely we have seen everything."that was no shield for Samuel* He

of friend, his of the oitgA Rider sto lence.SamuelTheyheldwerehisstill.handNathanup formarsi- weptand heforweptthe forwoundshate of men

veled at that. They obeyed Samuel, Zarahemla. But most of all he wept

not knowing they did. against the helplessness of those who flatter everymsm "I was told in a dream to rise up would do good. Why should he reand come to you. I did not come of frain from stealing, he thought

myself. He sent me."mutinously, when to be righteous was

There was a silence. Then a man to be defrauded from all cunning?

in the rear shouted, "He would not Why should he love? He would be

send a Lamanite—not one with a the target for all haters. For a hater,

cursed skin."Nathan reasoned from the depths of

"Stone him!"his despair, has a weapon, but a man

"Stone him!"who loves is defenseless against all

Their cries rose higher. They admen. He rose after a time and slipped

vanced toward Samuel, loosening the from the roof and turned toward knives fastened in their belts. Some home.

picked up stones. As he passed his uncle's stand he

"Samuel!"Nathan whispered. He saw that it was, at the moment, unfelt the great, warm hand on his guarded. His uncle was searching

shoulder. in the room beyond for proper bas-

"When I step toward them, do you kets. The fruit lured Nathan from

run quickly and join them and so their pyramids, and the new bread melt away when they are done with sent an enticing fragrance to his small me?"He folded his arms. "Is this nose. Nathan went past them all,

how my people received your not touching. He marveled at himBECAUSE THEY'RE f$j$w fathers?"The roar increased, but Samuel's self.But hisAmhandI thenwouldbecomenot obeya woman?his devoice, low still but carrying, easily sires. Nathan shrugged. "Tomorrow

penetrated their clamor. "If it had is another day, and I shall take double RoughsRider been so, none of us would have refor this day's weakness."

Napa, California ceived the word. But there are many (Continued on page 362)

360 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA MAY 1953 361 without being seen. He looked over

THE BRIGHT WARRIOR the stock and set his mind to the (Continued from page 360) and planting would bring forth three ripe fruit placed so temptingly alNathan's mother wept when he strong trees heavy with fruit. Yet most within reach. The world looked

told her of Samuel. All day long and when he would tear the stones from today as it had always done, a noisy

through the night there came a little the ground, he could not. That, too, hurrying place where one must

stream of men and women who had must await the next day. He went snatch on the right hand and on the

heard Samuel speak and had bewearily to bed. left, in order to receive one's share.

lieved. They were frightened and beIt was noon when Nathan found Noah, the blacksmith, was being

wildered. "If the men deal so with his way again to the Street of Merfeted on every side. His boastings

Samuel, what will they do with us chants. It was busier than ever begrew louder and more untrue. Nathan

who heard him?"cause men and women must meet watched him, and the tears of yesNathan went out to the little garto discuss the events of yesterday. terday burned in his throat. Not

den and patted the ground above Nathan, his empty stomach prodding since his father's death had he felt his three seeds. But he mocked himhim, took up his post beside his more desolate or alone.

self for believing that his own longing uncle's stall, where he could watch "He will not come again,"the leader was shouting, "I have driven him away with my good right hand, and he knows its strength too well to dare return."

There was a startled shout beyond him. Nathan looked up. Samuel

stood on the wall.

"The Lamanite! The Lamanite!"

Every eye was turned to that tall, still figure above them.

Nathan looked and saw Samuel and was still. It was a moment to be

burned in fire on his memory as long as life should last. Upon the city

wall, against the blazing light of noon, stood Samuel, the Lamanite.

He stood tall, tall to Nathan's eyes as the sky about him. His bronze

skin glowed against the blueness of the sky. The bruises were plain upon

him still. He seemed heedless of

them.

There was a great silence. Samuel

lifted his hand. "Behold, I, Samuel,

a Lamanite, do speak the words of the

Lordheart—which he doth put into my

Nathan crept closer among the silent people. Samuel continued speaking, and the words fell like water

upon Nathan's thirsty heart. He

could not understand them all, but the prophecies made him tremble. He

was filled with a marvelous joy at the sight of Samuel returned, not overcome by those who had beaten him, but returned, strong and brave to deliver his message.

"Therefore,"cried Samuel, "thus saith the Lord... except they repent

I will take away my word from them, and I will withdraw my Spirit from them, and I will suffer them no longer...."POSTUM

Nathan thought of the day Samuel

Join the millions who enjoy the CEAl beverage had knelt beside him in the garden hearty flavor of Postum daily. and spoken of the words he would

plant in the earth of a man's heart.

Get Instant Postum today! Nathan touched his breast. Surely,

A Product of General Foods he thought, it is troubled within as 362 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

the ground is troubled when a man unto you... they never would again when the planting had been done,

digs and harrows and prepares for have dwindled in unbelief."and there was now the time for the

seed. Nathan watched the flying arrows seed to rest in the darkness and

The voice of Samuel went on and and the falling stones and the figure grow.

on. Nathan marveled that any man He watched Samuel leap from the of Samuel that could not be touched

should be so bold. wall, his speaking done. Captains

... And now when ye talk, ye or broken by all their missiles. Someand their men rushed toward the

say: If our days had been in the days thing welled in him greater than city gates. Nathan watched them go.

of our fathers of old, we would not anything he had ever known. He He had no fear they would seize

have slain the prophets; we would looked past Samuel to the sky. Who Samuel. He turned to go home to

not have stoned them, and cast them was He, who watched over his his mother. In his mind he saw

out. Behold ye are worse than servant. How should a man know Samuel, his mission done, speeding

they...."his voice? Nathan touched his breast. back to his own lands, and his own

Nathan looked apprehensively toIt was all quiet within, like earth people.

ward the leader, who yesterday had beaten Samuel. Noah was growling

to his associates, and as Nathan watched, he fitted an arrow to his bow. He aimed at Samuel and held back his arm so that the muscles GREAT Nftf RGHTIN'OIL

ridged on his shoulder.

Nathan cried out and sprang toward him. He flung himself against

the man, and the arrow went wide.

The leader turned on Nathan with a bellow of rage and picked him up and shook him until the earth spun before his eyes. "If you do that

again, I shall make an end of you."

He flung him down, and Nathan lay in the dust and watched helplessly as the second arrow flew through the air. It missed.

Nathan gave a cry of joy. He

heard Samuel's strong voice speaking again of a thing which was yet to come. Now the men who had

bows and arrows began to vie with each other to see which would silence the Lamanite. The arrows ripped

through the air. There were cries

of disappointment and rage as arrow after arrow flew wide of the mark. "He has a devil,"muttered the leader as he bent to pick up a stone.

He hurled it with such force that

Nathan hid his face, thinking any instant to hear the crushing sound of it on bone and flesh. There was a NWACJiON UTOCO!

gasp and a cry from those near him, and Nathan opened his eyes. Samuel Adds Miles To Your Engine Life!

was still speaking. Always a famous fighter against engine wear, UTOCO with its new

"Your arm has lost its cunning,"additives, fights harder than ever against engineruining acids, and men shouted to Noah. engineclogging sludge. This remarkable newaction oil cleans out

Raging, the leader picked up yet engine soot and dirt, holds it harmlessly in suspension ready to be a larger stone and flung it with all drained out. Utoco's newaction actually can add miles to engine life

his force. It, too, sped harmlessly and is especially effective in improving valve life and lifter operation.

beyond Samuel's body. Nathan Surpasses the needs for most

looked at him. He showed no fear, severe passenger car service reSee your UTOCO

indeed, his voice had grown stronger quirements established by the Pealer for a "Spring

Institute Petroleum

... also for Clean"Changeoverwith each spent arrow and each fallen—Service"MS"Americanstone.

.. diesel engines. Service "DG".

"For behold,"Samuel was saying, NO BETTER "had the mighty works been shown Utah Oil Refining Co. MOTOR OIL MAPE

unto them which have been shown

MAY 1953 363 RUBYH. MORGAN

Editor s1 oday ramily

by Annie Laurie Von Tnngeln SAYING THANKS OUT LOUD

Tripping ahead of her mother, a by example than by precept. Preachabove all, their own thankyou notes

fouryear-old started toward the ing good manners is usually ineffecfor birthday and Christmas gifts as door in a modern grocery store. tive; practising them can do wonders. soon as they learn to write.

As she put out her little hand to push, The little miss who automatically In teaching a child good manners the door opened automatically. Sursaid, "Thank you, door,"was obwe should keep in mind that his

prised, she turned and said simply, viously accustomed to hearing exstandards of courtesy are different "Thank you, door."pressions of courtesy at home. Good from those of an adult. Admonishing

Young as she was, that little girl manners were already becoming an a child to act like a little lady or had already learned to express aloud integral part of her. It's a truism gentleman is meaningless—he doesn't

the gratitude in her heart. Courtesy with teachers that polite, wellbe- know how a lady or gentleman is

is far more than repeating "please,"haved children almost unfailingly supposed to act, and he cares less!

"thank you,"and "excuse me"have thoughtful, welladjusted parObviously, teachers and parents mechanically. A child should, of ents. should not countenance rudeness or

course, learn to use such expressions In the second place, we should impertinence on the part of a child because they are proper in polite soprovide activities in which children but should emphasize specific habits ciety. But they become little more may practise good manners. Courtesy that are meaningful and understandthan thin veneer when said only by is a habit. It can be acquired, and able to him.

rote at the request of adults. it can be taught. The laws of learnMoreover, children are naturally

True courtesy is based on kindness, ing are applicable to good manners frank. There are times when we

thoughtfulness, and sincerity. Howas to other attitudes and fields of should overlook without comment

ever, although the impetus comes knowledge. Mothers have an exremarks made by a child that would

from within, manners should show, cellent opportunity to help children, seem unwarranted rudeness in an for, no matter how thankful we may particularly little daughters, practise adult.

be or how gracious we may feel on courtesy when they play with them. "The baby looks like her grandthe inside, we give joy to others and The conversation and actions of the mother,"someone remarked.

make and maintain a place for our- "ladies"may exemplify all of the so- "She does not,"her threeyear-old selves in society by the gracious things cial graces! Fathers have an equal brother protested stoutly. "She

we do and say. opportunity to teach courtesy and good doesn't have gray hair."

There are many reasons why a sportsmanship in games with their The little fellow did not mean to child should be taught courtesy early children. Youngsters should also be rude. He was simply rising to the

in life. One of the quickest and practise good manners by writing defense of his baby sister!

surest ways for him to win social their own invitations to parties and, What form should good manners acceptance by his peers as well as by adults is practising good manners.

People naturally gravitate toward a welltrained youngster, whereas an unappreciative one, like a boor- a should have A child of his awarenessish adult, seldom receives a warm thoughtful welcome. Particularly as a child blessings and privileges.

reaches adolescence, a knowledge of the social proprieties gives him poise and selfassurance. Courtesy continues to pay dividends throughout

life. Thoughtfulness helps one to make

warm friendships, to advance in his work, and to live happily with those about him.

How can we teach courtesy? Obviously, we should be courteous ourselves. Like most social attitudes,

good manners are largely the result of environment and imitation and are more easily and thoroughly taught 364 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA take in a child? He should have,

first of all, a thoughtful awareness of his blessings and privileges. He

should be made to realize that everything he has is a gift from God. This realization should radiate in gratitude Here's how to gel

and willingness to share with others.

Early learn should to acin life he cept graciously friendly the overtures your dollar's worth of his playmates and to share with them his own toys and other in galvanized ware treasures.

Courtesy on the part of the child VCHECK THESE 4 POINTS FOR respect for his also means elders. We GREATER STRENGTH, GREATER DURABILITY expect cannot youngsters, particularly

adolescents, to agree wholeheartedly withfolk—indeed,the maturewe thinkingshould ofwelcomeolder t,

points—buttheir fresh outlookwe can andexpectnewthemviewto Ohackik&Sui'fem,

be considerate, kind, and deferential make sure it is completely to the aged and infirm. coating inside andcoveredout. Suchwitha coatinga heavymakeszinc

In the third place, courtesy involves the ware watertight, rustproof. BOYCO pails,

respect for the property of others and tubs,viduallygarbagehanddippedand ash incansthe arefinestalwaysWesternindifor authority. A recent Sunday zinc to assure that complete, heavy coating.

School lesson, based on the eighth entitled commandment, was Property."and The Bible condemns "Persons X'Qhmklh&Wkightfor a good garbage can or

taking or destroying another's proppail must be both strong as erty and commands us to be honest solvedpossiblethisandparadoxlight asby possible.using blackBOYCOsteelhas—

in every respect. Indeed, there would tough yet light, easy to carry.

be few traffic accidents and little crime if common courtesy based on

Gheckfbt-Oomjigifiom respect for the rights of others were punctiliously practised. strengthto be sureyou mayyou need.get theAll BOYCOextra

In teaching courtesy, as in other garbage and trash cans are corrugated, ready things, we adults should be conto take on heavy duty work.

sistent. If parents are rude to each other, they cannot expect a child to KQheckik S&ams,

be thoughtful to his elders or even for they are common weak to his playmates. If a teacher shouts BOYCO alwaysspotsbuildsof ingalvanizedrugged doubleware.

and quarrels with her pupils in the seams, both where the sides meet and where classroom, she should not be surprised the bottom is joined.

at an uncooperative attitude on the playground. Children do not suddenly assume "company manners"BE SURE TO GET YOUR DOLLAR'S WORTH BY

for special occasions if everyday LOOKING FOR THE BOYCO LABEL ON THESE PRODUCTS courtesy at school and at home is at your local hardware or department store neglected.

Of course, small children from even the most thoughtful homes sometimes forget their manners. This is to be

expected now and then, and we should not be too greatly distressed.

A threeyear-old who had been naughty all morning came in from play and announced briskly, "I don't use my manners when I'm in a hurry."However, despite such lapses, it is gratifying how quickly good manners and thoughtful behavior become natural to a child who is accustomed to courtesy on the part of those whom he loves and admires.

MAY 1953 365 36""Kcmprr all the NOW!

shortcakes your family wants—CN

without hurting?t.-rIf

mBmm{B-"-ltM'"'JJHIMmillJWIIHIUMllll.4,.!, your budget!

VT4"4PL J 22'K

You Can Do It!

HOOP APRON by PHscilla M. Mather

Doesstringsit botherget tangledyou inwhenthe washer?apron

Thanks to bettertasting Morning Does it make you nervous to

Milk you can serve big billows of smooth them out to iron?

toppings whipped at onefourth If so, don't have a strings—use the cost of whipping cream. For plastic hoop. eliminates ironThis

Morning Milk in is doublerich ing gathers, sixyear-old a even and all milk whole values, whips up in will love to take ironing. a turn a jiffy chilled. when And because

Morning Milk tastes sc good we thirdsThe yard"hoopof apron"thirtysixrequiresor thirtytwo- it believe you'll prefer to any other form of milk or cream. nine inch material and a plastic hoop

about an inch wide, long enough to encircle your waist and long enough to overlap at the ends. FREE! New recipes for shortcake and full directions for whipTo make it, trim the bottom of the

ping Morning Milk available at material as you wish, with bias tape, your grocer's all this month. Get rickrack, or contrasting material, or a

your free copy today! simple hem. Turn two inches down

at the top to make a heading as you would for a curtain, and stitch. Run quilting style. Finish the edges of

the hoop through as you would a the fifteen inch slash with bias tape curtain rod. or a neat hem. This makes a very

With one hoop you can have any practical kitchen apron with the hot

'of aprons, number fancy practiand pads accessible. always

cal.

Note: To make the apron with the A border print apron requires one

Serve your family's favorite hot pads attached, as shown in the yard of material. The plain -side of

shortcake tonight—topped illustration, cut a strip six or seven the material is removed, leaving a.

with bettertasting inches wide and fifteen inches up the piece two feet or twentysix inches sides of the apron. Use pieces of wide with the border. The piece

outing flannel for padding, a concut off can be used for trim for antrasting material for the top, and sew other apron.MORNING MILK

366 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Jo4L%l QaJI ciflH,—OWulUmL Qjumti f

Yes, it's just as Angel suggests: "fou're particular about all the

personal niceties... your manicure, your hairdo, your skin care. So, you'll

appreciate TwinPly Chiffon, the toilet tissue that's

multirinsed in pure Cascade snowwater for added softness,

greater purity, extra absorbency. TwinPly Chiffon is

especially made for special people. Get a supply

HHI of snowywhite, specialquality Chiffon soon. m

wI: Crown Zellerbach Corporation 195 J

f

Bab SbAhe/ pure T<V> Vly -TvjIcc -as K//ce PARENTS'/

MAY 1953 367 FOR SPRING FIRESIDESMORE FOOD VALUE

Salads suit the spring menu, and substantial molded varieties incorporate many crisp and nutritious vegetables and fruits. Generous FOR YOUR MONEY servings delight the family for dinner

or lunch while smaller portions are All Mothers know both bread and milk are good very acceptable for "fireside"groups. foods—good body builders for children, and Prepared a day in advance, they help

fine nourishment for adults. That is why they to simplify the meal preparations of

buy Royal Table Queen bread—because it is the Sabbath.

It is very popular to combine the salad dressing with the gelatin and vegetables, but the plain gelatin and vegetable molds are equally palatable.

Serve with simple garnishes and party Milk Improved thin slices of nut bread or crisp

Each pound contains the crackers.

nonfat milk solids of Basic Jello Salad 7 OUNCES OF MILK (6 servings)

1 package lime or lemon Jello 1 cup boiling water 3/4 cup cold water 2 tablespoons lemon juice l/2 cup salad dressing or mayonnaise

Dissolve Jello in boiling water and stir well. Add cold water and lemon

juice, and chill until set. Beat in

mayonnaise, if desired, and fold in vegetables and fruit, and pour into large mold or individual molds. Set until

firm. Unmold when ready to serve by

dipping lower part of mold in warm water and loosening the sides with a spatula.

Variations:

1 cup grated nippy cheese ( l/4 lb.)

1 cup finely shredded cabbage 1 cup grated carrot 2 bananas (omit if salad is going to

Vitamins c set overnight) Salt Lake City ROYAL BAKING COMPANY Ogden Note:V% CUPy2finelycup crusheddiced applepineapple may be

WE OFFER... used if apples are not in season.

COMPLETE A NOTICE SERVICE ENGRAVING WE SPECIALIZE IN OLD AND From Missionary OUT OF PRINT L.D.S. PUBLICatalogues. Portraits to the Largesti

CATIONS IF YOU ARE DEMail Orders Given Prompt Attention

SIROUS OF OBTAINING OR UTAH ENGRAV5NG CO.

SELLING. PLEASE SUBMIT 113 Regent St. Salt Lake City, Utah

YOUR LISTS TO...

ZION'S BOOKSTORE HOTEL7th &LANKERSHIMBROADWAY 65 East 2nd South ROOMS WITH BATH

SALT LAKE C!TY 1, UTAH From $3.50 Single—$5.00 Double

Phone 4-3465 New Dining and Supper Rooms

IN THE VERY HEART OF LOS ANGELES 368 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 1 3-oz. package cream cheese

2 tablespoons chopped green pepper x/2 cup grated carrot 1 cup finely cut celery stalks and leaves 1 tablespoon onion juice 6 sliced stuffed green olives if desired (garnish with hardboiled eggs)

3 hardcooked eggs 1 cup grated nippy cheese ( ]/4 lb.)

l/2 cup diced cucumber 2 tablespoons chopped green pepper l/2 cup grated carrot

A Message to Senior Members

of the Aaronic Priesthood

(Continued from page 357) the members of the Melchizedek Priesthood should go out into the world and preach the restored gospel of the Lord

Jesus Christ.

The Lord declared:

Therefore, take with you those who are ordained unto the lesser priesthood, and send them before you to make appointments and to prepare the way and to fill appointments that you, yourselves, are not able to fill.

Behold, this is the way that mine apostles, in ancient days built up my church unto me. (D. & C. 84:107108.)

Here is a mandate coming from the

Lord to the holders of the Melchizedek

Priesthood to use members of the Lesser

Priesthood to go before them and to prepare the way, make appointments, and should there be occasions where these brethren of the Melchizedek

Priesthood could not keep their appointments, then these brethren of the

Lesser Priesthood are to have that responsibility.

Again the Lord speaks:

Therefore, let every man stand in his own office and labor in his own calling;

let not the sayand the head unto feet Nature's way to complete cleanliness feet; for of theit hath without need no

the feet how shall the body be able to stand? Pleasant, effective Hexol is a product of nature that

the Also need of hath body every member, all that together, that banishes germs while you freshen and clean your bathroom. be edified may

the system may be kept perfect. (Ibid., You'll realize how different this germicidedeodorant

84:109110.)

is when you run a little water into your wash basin

So, by the use of the Lesser Priesthood in connection with the promulgaand add Hexol. The water will turn snowy white as a

tion of the gospel as the Melchizedek fresh, natural fragrance fills the air.

Priesthood carried it forward in the early days of the first Apostles, the Dampen a cloth in this Hexol solution and go over

Lord requires the use of the Lesser your tub, basin, floor. Pour a little Hexol into the toilet

Priesthood to the end, as he said, that the system may be kept perfect. bowl. Then your bathroom is completely clean.

I am sure we want to keep the system of the priesthood perfect today, that the Melchizedek Priesthood cannot say to the Lesser Priesthood, "I have no the pleasant need of thee,"neither can the Lesser say to the Melchizedek Priesthood, "I bathroom thee,"but that need ofhave no they germicidedeodorant Hexol *NTISEP T | C together, together,labor be edified and DISINFECTANT as the Lord indicates in this revelation. EODOJUNT

Again, the Lord goes on to say:

And behold, the high priests should travel, and also the elders, and also the AT ALL DRUG COUNTERS (Continued on following page) MAY 1953 369

HOT, DELICIOUS A MESSAGE TO SENIOR MEMBERS OF THE AARONIC PRIESTHOOD

(Continued from preceding page) This is a short prayer, but in it there lesser priests; but the deacons and teachers is a great revelation to the world, and

should be appointed to watch over the that revelation, the restored commission church, to be standing ministers unto the to baptize people in the name of the church. (Ibid., 84:111.) Father, in the name of Jesus Christ,

in of the Ghost, the Holy and name ever should the again, time And come to the returned earth was John when it might and come, the Melwhen Baptist keys these the bestowed upon chizedek Priesthood will called be out Oliver Cowdery. Smith and This Joseph

to. all. to gospel preach the world, the

priest sacred senior opportunity every A QUICK COOKING left that those shall and bebe who accept a gladly testimony with should to as stand ministers hind the unto BREAKFAST TREAT divine in his a that heart he has comChurch, well be and may authority. mission and

as teachers the Lord reveals—shoulddeacons glorious a experience comes what My,

I that resure it will time come, am priest sacre- a kneels the beside when

Priestquire of the Aaronic members of privilege has table the and ment of of experience, hood, and men men blessing the the broken bread and cup judgment.

And, there is definitely a place in inthe commemorationSon of God. of the sacrifice of

for the Priesthood older Aaronic men, all services sure of these that I am is there thing and such no as an all of will these experiences go to age and barrier. Priestas I think these Aaronic of senior into hearts the the building

hood quorums are organized and begin members of the Aaronic Priesthood in to function, qualify and these men inthat to this they a testimony Church, service, render be a grand and it would high. hold authority on deed from

glorious to call thing a senior upon brethren in our connection with Now of to pass the deacons quorum are priesthood, hold and no who sacrawho ment. of invited will the over 21, they age be

I know of no more inspiring expeto attend the deacons'quorums, where rience than to participate in the adthey, too, might receive instruction with ministration of the Lord's last supper, reference to the gospel and the duties and the matter of collecting the fast of the priesthood.

I could be most am sure they asked, question be The may "When Instant Carnation Wheat offerings.

in the connection helpful younger with service?"these render can we men May Lasting Nourishment! Gives in particularly deacons, the widely as service quickly render can say they

YOU KNOW there's no substitute for a spread areas of the Church, where they as they qualify. Among these men

good hot cereal breakfast... and once might take their automobiles and with there are thousands and thousands of

visit the a younger companion, homes it, you'll that agree Carnayou try new noble with good men, men is fasttion Instant the the one you're of the Saints, and gather Wheat up citizens, fine individuals.hearts—goodAll they need

looking for! offerings, that the necessities of life is leadership, kindness, patience, and I

For this delicious breakfast dish goes might be in the bishop's storehouse, and assure you that many of them will readsustaining long towardsa your way care distress in are taken those who ily of accept the opportunity becomingfamily during long days! That's busy of, the the widows, orphans, the and affiliated priesthood the one of withbecause bodybuilding breakfast of a "pure called unemployed, James which of Christ. of the Jesus quorums Church Instant givesCarnation your Wheat

religion."undefiled and I that the again emphasize all Mayfamily the wholewheat muchneeded

values of thiamine, niacin, phosphorus, The duties of the ordained teacher bishoprics of the wards stand as the and iron. are inspiring and uplifting for all who presidency of the Aaronic Priesthood.

project this glorious participate in the Melchizeover do not preside of TheyBEST matter busy you how OF ALL—no

rests of the Senior presidency teaching. members dek Priesthood. That can fix it in a jiffy.are, you CarnaNew

tion Instant Wheat is partially preAaronic Priesthood should be called in the presidencies of the stakes and cooked... cooks in "no time."upon for this service as soon as they the First Presidency of the Church.

NO NEED to coax youngsters, either, when qualify, to go out at first with a memThe bishops of the wards only preside they know there's a brimming bowl of ber of the Melchizedek Priesthood, to over Melchizedek Priesthood members hot, delicious Carnation Instant Wheat teach the people the gospel of the Lord as members of the wards, but as memnotwaiting on So why make to over Christ, the bers of the called Church watch be they Jesus ward may this love wonderful! They them, strengthen the change—soontable. authority, presiding the with to be the always, and by upon

flavorthat of fhis grand genuine Northis in iniquity there bishop, see to service as that to no render such he and maywest Wheat.

etc. necessary. the Church, deem

I am quite sure that any man who Now, brethren, if we render service has the spirit of his calling in the in this, the priesthood of God, he has

Aaronic Priesthood as a teacher would made us definite promises, and God feel it a glorious and a grand opporalways keeps his promises to those who tunity to follow in the footsteps of the are faithful and obedient. He has

Great Teacher, even Jesus Christ. promised us in the 84th section of the

The office of a priest offers many Doctrine and Covenants, verses 33 and glorious and inspiring experiences, par34, this:

ticularly when a priest has the assignFor whoso is faithful unto the obtaining ment to perform the ordinance of bapthese two priesthoods of which I have tism. Taking the candidate into the spoken, and the magnifying their calling,

water and raising his arm to the square, are sanctified by the Spirit unto the renewhe repeats the revealed baptismal ing of their bodies.

prayer which is as follows: They become the sons of Moses and of

Aaron and the seed of Abraham, and the

Having been commissioned of Jesus Christ, church and kingdom, and the elect of

I baptize you in the name of the Father God.

Same famous family as Carnation Milk and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost.

Amen. (Ibid., 20:73.) Can you anticipate any blessing more

370 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA desirable than to become the very elect of God? To become the very elect of

God anticipates that when we return to him and live with him through the eternities yet to come, it will be in the celestial kingdom, and that is the objective for which all of us are striving here in mortality.

But all of these blessings are contingent upon this mandate given to us in the 107th section and the 99th verse of the Doctrine & Covenants:

Wherefore, now let every man learn his duty, and to act in the office in which he is appointed, in all diligence.

I humbly pray that the Lord will bless all of us, that we will learn our duty, that we will act in the offices to which we are appointed with all diligence, to the end that we may become electthe very and live with of God,

Repeats success in second year of cooking competition

I celestial in the kingdom,him which humbly pray will be the blessing of all of us, in the name of Jesus Christ. Wins 4 Blue Ribbons for Cooking

Amen.

In just two years, Mrs. Ruby Hahn says. "So fast and easy to use."

has established herself as a top cook Now when you bake at home, it's

What Did The Prophet at the Goshen County Fair. She's convenient to use yeast. Fleischshowing her daughter Arlene the mann's Active Dry Yeast is much

Joseph Smith Look Like? awards she won there just last fall handier than oldstyle cake yeast

ones. ribbons 4 blue 4 red and rises keeps for months on your shelf,

(Continued from page 315) Mrs. ranch fast. a cattle on That's Hahn lives cooks why prizewinning

colored in oil, of the painting made near Jay Em, Wyoming, where she prefer it! Of 5000 cooks surveyed,

by Mr. W. Majors, in Nauvoo, during does plenty of cooking... and she 97% use Fleischmann's Active Dry

the lifetime of the Prophet. always uses Fleischmann's Active Yeast. Look for the Fleischmann

"The art work, both in the plain Dry Yeast. "It's a big help,"she label to get the very best.

and the colored pictures, was done by John B. DeHaan, a leading Salt

Lake artist, and is very creditable.

"Mr. B. Morris Young, son of

Brigham Young, saw this picture in the Mansion House in Nauvoo, when

Emma Smith, the Prophet's wife, was an old lady.

"The picture gives a correct portrait of the Prophet at 35 years of age.

At this time he was six feet tall and weighed 210 pounds.

"President Ivins, Anthony W. of Try a Really NEWthe of First Presidency the L.D.S.

Church, believes this to be a true portrait of the Prophet Joseph Family Dining Spot

Smith."8 The search for W. Majors has imThat's Hotel Temple Square's

pelled the writing of a letter to Mr. new Temple View Dining

Room. Enjoy the same fine

J. Monaghan, State Historian of food that has won so many

Illinois, and elicited the following infriends for our Coffee Shop formation: over the years, plus extra

"No mention of a W. Majors in comfort and new beauty.

Nauvoo, Illinois, about 1843 was You'll want to come often—

found in the material on Hancock and bring the family, too.

County, Illinois, in this library. The kiddies love our special

"The Archives Division of the Illisouvenir menus and badges nois state library has a William and our secret club. Come

Majors listed in the 1840 census of for dinner soon.

White county, Illinois. This is the

state census of that year and gives only the number of white males and HOTEL (Continued on following page) TEMPLE SQUARE 6The Improvement Era, Vol. 29, Part II, pp. 913914. Clarence L. West, Manager MARCAL PAPER NAPKINS

MAY 1953 371 What Did The Prophet gfritos RECIPE OF THE MONTH Joseph Smith Look Like?

FRtTOS Tasty Macaroni Salad (Continued from preceding page) 4 oz. Elbow or fancy 3 tbsp. Chopped Dill females in that family. No other W.

Macaroni Pickle Majors is listed in their name index.

1 tbsp. Salt

qts. Boiling 3 Water V-\1 tsp.cup SaltSwiss Cheese Cubes "The History of White County,

Va cup Mayonnaise 1 cup Lightly Crushed Illinois (Chicago, 1883) p. 653, says

2 tbsp. Chopped Onion FRITOS (measured after that William and Rachel (McGee)

3 tbsp. Chopped Green crushing) Major natives of Powell's Valley, Pepper

Tennessee, came to White County, until in tender. macaroni salted water Cook Drain Illinois, in 1825, and settled in Graythe macaroni, onion, mayonnaise, and cool. Add to

green pepper, salt and cheese. Mix and chill. Beville township. They had a family

fore serving stir in FRITOS. Variations: Add 1 of ten children. No other informacup of diced shrimp, chicken cold meat. or any tion was found.

registered is the Frito trademark FRITOS of The Co.

"This library has a transcript of

White County marriages, 18161840.

A MEALTIME TREAT THAT'S HARD TO BEAT! According to this transcript, A. Wright

Majors married Athurst R. Duncan,

December 14, 1829, and a William

k... VARIETY'Majors married Athurst R. Duncan, February 14, 1835. No other refer- <didf., ence to these persons was found. It

ARE THOSE is doubtful that any of these indiTHAT

KEEP ON viduals are the W. Majors of Nauvoo.

GIVING. White County is on the opposite side

of the state from Hancock County.

"A search of the Genealogical Library in Utah revealed these marriages as well as the marriage in

Woodford County of William Major to Mary E. Dickenson on October 21,

national Bible Historical1847."(JournalSociety,ofVol.the 14,Illinoisp. 160.)State

gifts there could more cherished be On the occasion of the painting of

... To Make Breakfast thanWhatbeautiful National Bibles

lovingly bound by craftsmen proud of their a portrait of the Prophet by L. A.

their for handiwork! enduring Treasured

in Favorite The in 1910, Meal appeared covers, an article crisp crystal white paper clear Ramsay and type for. ask a National wherever the Deseret told somewhich Surprise News sold. Bibles.. are your spring family these

mornings with a bowl of tasty, full32 styles from $2 to $25 thing about it:

vitamin, cereal ALL-O-WHEAT served in any one of several varia-... "Artist L. A. Ramsay has comtions. They'll love it. pleted a picture of the Prophet Joseph

Try rich, golden, Since Smith which promises to become the

ALL - O - WHEAT standard representation of the founder sweetened with national BIBLES of the Latterday Saint Church. Mr. honey or topped

with fruit. A real KING JAMES (AUTHORIZED) VERSION Ramsay has made the picture from

treat. what authentic sources are extant,

chiefly comprising the death mask descriptions cA CENTURY OF also from of the Prophet, by relatives and friends who carried his memory deeply embedded in ALL-O-WHEAT

Ogden, Utah consciousness. Al "These relatives and friends have

Write for information all pronounced the portrait an alon type of organ most absolutely perfect one, and all

PIKES PEAR in which you express themselves as delighted with

FLOUR are interested. *v sidesthe resulttheseof Mr.moreRamsay'spersonalwork.criticsBe-a

With FOUR number of others who have viewed

Extra Baking the portrait have declared it to be a

Advantages ORGANS wonderfulrepresentedexpressionin known ofattributespersonalityof theas

SALT LAKE FLOUR MILLS REED ORGANS subject."9

425 West 5th South In the Salt Lake Tribune an article

Salt Lake City, Utah also was published:

ESTEY ORGAN CORP., BRATTLEBORO,VT. The Deseret News, March 5, 1910, p. 3'l.

372 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

"The above is a reproduction of a lifesized portrait of Joseph Smith, the organizer and first president of the Mormon church. It was finished

Wednesday in the studio of Lewis

Ramsay in the Templeton Building and will be sure to attract much attention among artists and lovers of art. It is the first portrait ever made

of the subject in which a human touch is given, the likenesses that have heretofore been made being entirely.. at variance with the present study. University of Utah

No authentic pictures are in existence OFFERS REGULAR STUDENTS: opportunity for filling requirements,

of Joseph Smith, and the artist had completingOFFERS TEACHERS,work forofficedegrees,workers,enjoyinghousewives,visiting staff.professionals:

to work out his idea from old prints, stimulating courses of general interest, vocational education, the death mask, and such other matescientific study, choral and individual music study.

rials procurable. Critics of this EDUCATIONWorkshopsHEALTHand ConferencesWRITING—in MUSIC

generation cannot say as to the likeTwo sessions of five and onehalf weeks each:

ness, but from the artistic standpoint JUNE 13 JULY 21 the portrait is a genuine surprise, and JULY 22 - AUGUST 28 that it will be accepted as genuine For full information write Dean of Summer School art goes without saying, and the picture, which will be exhibited next UNIVERSITY of UTAHweek, will cause great interest among Salt Lake City 1, Utahthose who can remember the features of Joseph Smith, who was killed in 1844."10 Following the article in the Tribune, the letter that is reproduced below came from the then president of the

Reorganized Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints:

"Independence, Missouri March 10, 1910 "I notice in your issue of Saturday morning, March 5, 1910, a copy of which was handed me by a neighbor, a cut purporting to represent a life- 'your trip tosized portrait of my father, Joseph Bring the family on

Smith, painted by a Utah artist. I Salt Lake City. Pay i the regular

I your wife. Nodo not regret to see the picture, but A wellrounded insurance program is rate for yourself and

I do regret to know that all the your best assurance against the uncharge for children i under 14 years, reverence said to be held by the askcertaintiesyour Kolobof the Agentfuture. to Whyanalyzenot accompanying i you.

people of Utah toward Joseph Smith, your needs and make recommendathe first president of the Church, tions. You may be over insured in NEWHOUSE HOTEL

they know so little about the appearinsomeothers.respectsHis. advice.. and isunderinsuredsound... SALT LAKE CITY V

ance of the man. I regret the statehis policies are backed by strong

ment that is made that there is no stockagents companies.serving Utah, MoreIdaho,thanMontana300

authentic picture of my father in and Nevada.

existence, for this is a mistake. If

your artist, Mr. Ramsay, should ever

visit the capitol of Iowa, he will find a duplicate oil painting of Joseph

Smith in one of the halls, placed

FRANK SALISBURY, Mgr.

there by myself and my son, at the 330 Judge Bldg. Salt Lake City

request of Mr. Charles Aldredge, then

curator of the historical society.

"There is an authentic oil painting f Unbreakable... moulded

I.iglitglass. to look like J in the possessionnow

free. of my son, 1 noise weight, Eva* DRINK

'Frederick height. noinieul. Standard M. Smith, at Independence,

Missouri, painted by the same artist Order from your dealer. ftcq A delightfulthat painted one of my uncle, Hyrum Mail $1.00SPECIALfor trialOFFERlot of for those hot beverage

(Continued on following page) one dozen sent postpaid. who don't drink coffee.

10The Salt Lake Tribune, March 5, 1910, p. 4. 55 Sudbury St., Boston 14, Mass. AT YOUR GROCERS

MAY 1953 373 WHAT DID THE PROPHET JOSEPH SMITH 100K LIKE?

All of a (Continued from preceding page) frame, and he remembers that his

Smith, which has formed a basis of father used to hang his hat over it.

pictures of him since his family went He could remember that much about sadden, you're a to Utah. It fortunately happens to it. He was of the opinion that it was

us that this portrait, painted in 1843, a painting and not a reproduction.

wonderful cooki is sustained in its characteristic likeIt was turned over to the Reorganized ness to my father by the daguerreoChurch in 1906."

type in our possession, taken the same Dr. Widtsoe also received the folyear, I think, by an artist by the lowing communication from Presiname of Lucian Foster. dent Israel A. Smith of the Reorgan-

"The picture in the Tribune... ized Church.

represents him as wearing a ring on "I undertook to get some informahis right hand. The picture repretion for Doctor Brown, relative to the

sents a curlyheaded man, but my oil painting we have of the Prophet.

father's hair was not curly. It was Am sorry to say I can locate little

quite light in color, and altogether about it.

the picture fails to essentially repre- "However, I know it was a family

TjiM venwiththeAc'cent.best cooksIt's amazingcook betterbut sent"It theis aman.pleasure to think, however, possessioning in my forboyhoodmany yearshome back,as farhangback

true that this new "third shaker"that the remark made by you under as I can remember anything. Unmagnifies flavor in every dish—and the cut, that the artist has given fortunately, if my father ever made

what a break for those lowbudget human touch to the picture, may be a record respecting it, we are unable dishes! true. The recollections of the man to find it.

Ac'cent is the pure monosodium so far as Utah is concerned has been "We have daguerreotypes of both glutamate that so many recipes call kept alive by flat side views, by picgrandfather and grandmother which for these days. It's the new miracle tures originally executed by Sutcliffe suggest perhaps the paintings were

seasoning that brings out thenalural Maudsley, an English designer, and made from them—or vice versa."

flavors already in foods... yet adds a good many of them are but caricano flavor of its own... in meats, tures."11 Tt would be impossible to include

vegetables, poultry, fish, gravies In endeavoring to reach the end of all of the word pictures of those and salads. the matter and actually determine who have tried to describe the

Just try it! You'll be a wonderful what can be ascertained concerning Prophet. B. H. Roberts states that

cook—all of a sudden! these pictures, letters were exchanged these fall roughly into three classes:

between the late Dr. John A. Widtsoe "... his enemies, who hated him

of the Council of the Twelve and Dr. cordially and unreasonably—their

Francis W. Brown, formerly president views are wholly unfavorable; second,

of the Central States Mission. Part those to whom he was an enigma that

of Dr. Brown's letter reads: eluded analysis and defied classifi-

...mate "I have talked with President Israel cation; these have sought to balance

ma'cooking fi A.ProphetSmithJoseph,about andthetheyportraitdo notofseemthe ofthe honestyaccount ofandstrengthfraud; andof weakness;charlatan

to have anything very definite as to and honest fanatic, but without *T. M. property of International Minerals & Chemical Corp. who the painter was and don't know achieving any marked success in satisanything about the ring. President factory results—their analysis and

Smith thought that his sister who is speculations leave him still an enigma;

living in Omaha could supply us third, his immediate and enthusiastic

IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS with information, and he told me disciples; their views of him are

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple today that he would call her on the wholly favorable, and tinged perhaps sore throat and other minor mouth telephone and have her write Presiin some instances with something and throat irritations. dent George Albert Smith and give akin to superstitious reverence, that

him the information she has, and magnifies every virtue and blinds 12 she fault."to every would ask him to call the letter them HALL'S REMEDY attention. to your of However, those even by many City, Utah Salt Lake

"All the information they have his enemies give physical characterishere seems to be dependent upon tics which would tend to verify his their memory, and they have no appearance. Stephen S. Harding, one

record or detailed information on the who did not like Joseph Smith, wrote picture. According to President Israel in 1882:

Smith the picture was kept in the "He was about six feet high, what home of Joseph Smith, III, son of the might be termed long legged, and

Prophet a Smith, without Joseph CO. LAKE SALT COSTUME

Roberts Comprehensive History of the B. H. 3-1031 St., Salt So. Main Lake City - Dial 248 Vol. II, p. 344. Church, "Salt Lake 20, 1910, Tribune, March p. 13.

374 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA with big feet. His hair had turned

from towcolored to light auburn, Prepare for a large eyes of bluish gray, a prominent nose, and a mouth that of itself was goodpaying job this fall...

a study. His face seemed almost

colorless, and with little or no beard.

... At that time his weight was about ENJOY YOUR SUMMER AT

one hundred and fifty pounds."13 L. D. S. BUSINESS COLLEGE

Another description by someone not of his religious belief reads:

"Joseph Smith is a large, stout man, SUMMER QUARTER Begins June 15th youthful in his appearance, with light complexion and hair, and blue eyes Enroll Now! You can register any Ask about our HYSPEED LONGIt turns longhand into Either day through June 15th. HAND class.set far back in the head, and expressday

fast easy. shorthand classes and in beginning and or evening

ing great shrewdness, or I should say, advanced Secretarial, Accounting, Ask about Junior classes for noncunning."14 and Business Administration Trainhigh school graduates. Telephone for

ing. information.

P. H. Burnett reported:

Remember you are always cordially welcome at...

least six at Smith, "Joseph Jr., was

feet high, well BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY formed, weighed and about 180 pounds."15

The description of the Prophet by flltlra BltSIXKSS fOLLEUK Branrk

SALT LAKE CITYParley P. Pratt, one of his disciples, I iHlB 70 NORTH MAIN

follows: "President Joseph Smith was in person tall and well built, strong and 100 SPOOLS active; of a light complexion, light

hair, blue eyes, very little beard, and of an expression peculiar to himself,on which the eye naturally rested SEWINGY with interest, and was never weary white. AmazColors, black THREADDifferent plus andof beholding. His countenance was 90

color you every1 of thread, 100 spools bargain! ing

ever mild, affable, beaming with incan think of—only $1. That's only a penny a

telligence and benevolence; mingled spool!patching.PerfectAll colors.for mending,(16 shadesdarning,of blue sewing,alone!)

with a look of interest and an unEasy to match any color fabric. Fine quality, No.

50, mercerized thread. Rush $1 with name and

conscious smile, or cheerfulness, and address. MoneyBack Guarantee. Only 3 orders to

entirely free from all restraint or afa151customer.East 81st BarclayStreet, NewGrant York& Co.,28, NewDept York.435,

fectation of gravity; and there was

something connected with the serene and steady penetrating glance of his eye, as if he would penetrate the Send Your Friends deepest abyss of the human heart, at Home or Abroad gaze unto eternity, penetrate the heavens, and comprehend all worlds."16 THE

These descriptions, whether of foe IMPROVEMENT or friend, agree in many details: he ERA

was fairhaired, blueeyed, tall, and wellbuilt. Many artists painted and $2.50 a year $3.00 foreign

have painted his pictures, many of which are unsigned. Many have THE TRUE ECONOMY

tried to explain his significance OF LASTING SATISFACTION through words as well as colors. But Leading churches all over

all must come sooner or later to the America offer testimony to of long the true economytribute paid by another to him who satisfaclasting service and acceptdid not of life, but his way tion, in Bodiform as achieved forknew him what he was:

MAAS CHIMES, Dept. 219, Los Angeles 39, Cal. pews,chitecturalchancelwoodwork,furniture, andartall from Yankee Vermont "The

folding chairs by American holds unshaken his place in history."17 HEADQUARTERS FOR L.D.S. f usSeatingin detailCompany.about Writeyour reto

A IN LAS VEGAS, NEVADA k quirements.

Ibid.,ul. Woodbridgep. 346. Riley, The Founder of Mormonism, YE KINGS REST MOTEL DEPARTMENT 1169

p. 5. 526 SOUTH 5TH STREET AMERICAN SEATING COMPANY

nibid:, p. 6. Dr. Harold B. Foutz, Owner World's Leader in Public Seating

18Edward W. Tullidge Life of Joseph the Prophet, Edgar H. Foutz, Manager 901 Broadway N.W., Grand Rapids 2, Michigan

pp. 9899. Beautyrest Mattresses Throughout 17Don C. Seitz, Uncommon Americans, p. 23.

MAY 1953 375 Your Page

Pusan, Korea Dear Editor, want to thank you for the Era and am grateful unto the Lord

I and all who work for the publishing of such a fine magazine.

It is uplifting, and its spiritual guidance cannot be compared in the world. The Koreans who have accepted the gospel and

attend our meetings really love the issues, and they are a missionary here in this wartorn land. It has been a joy to help

give the gospel to others and see eight Koreans and two servicemen baptized, with seven more Koreans requesting baptism on April 5 and one more serviceman.

I am thankful to be coming home to my wife and son and loved ones, and am grateful for my wife's Christmas gift of the

Era. We do enjoy it very much.

God bless you and the staff in the continuation of our Church

Improvement Era.

Sincerely, /s/ Sgt. Howard Bradshaw

Pusan L.D.S. Group Leader Janeil Rosenhan Dolores Sampson

Washington 8, D. C. SOMETHING TO BOAST ABOUT!

Dear Editors:

'HpHANK you again for publishing my poem "At the Symphony"When it comes to perfect attendance records the Union 2nd 7 in the January issue. Ward, East Jordan Stake, claims two girls whose records are

The splendid articles on Ezra Taft Benson, on Handel, and something to boast about.

others were especially interesting. Our Star here carried a fine

article on Secretary Benson, also, by George Kennedy. So many In 1944, Dolores Sampson, daughter of Sister Bessie Walker,

speak of him as an admirable choice. Midvale, Utah, was inspired by the original girl's program and

Your work with young people meets with my hearty approval. started to attend Sunday School, sacrament meeting, and the

I have four grandsons growing up, ages 7, 11, 13, and 21. I pray M.I.A., regularly. By the end of 1952 she had a perfect attendance

that they may be guided rightly. during these eight years.

Very Sincerely yours, /s/ Inez Tyler Dolores has been active in the church all her life. She is now

president of her Gleaner class where she is doing excellent work.

Only a year behind Dolores is her neighbor and cousin, Janeil

Keesler Air Force Base, Mississippi Rosenhan, who has had a perfect attendance at Sunday School,

Dear Editors: sacrament meeting, and the M.I.A. for seven straight years.

I service into the receiving after entry began my Immediately Janeil, of Brother a daughter A. A. Rosenhan, and Sister Midvale,

I fully regularly. before Never had Era Improvement The also life. activities in all has been busy church her serves She now

it offer its could person or purpose any what was realized what as secretary of the Y.W.M.I.A. ward

it. of to It has read the one most time take become would mywho

valuable instruments in teaching Sunday School and priesthood In recognition of their faithfulness in their church activities, lessons. Time after time I have used its contents for reference these two girls recently received the usual certificate of award

information and material for short talks. As an intermediary with the 100 percent gold seal for one year's perfect attendance.

between* myself and our growing Church, it is a constant source In addition they were presented with a book by the bishopric and of inspiration and guidance. the Y.W.M.I.A. of the ward for their outstanding records for the

Gayle E. Norton past seven and eight years.

-<*>- "WHEN TWO OR THREE ARE GATHERED...

After holding a Sunday School, recently, the L.D.S. servicemen's

group aboard the U. S. N. S. General John Pope, troopship bound

for Japan, decided to hold daily gospel study classes. They held

eight of these meetings and had twentytwo members in attendance at various times. They lent several copies of the Book

of Mormon to visitors at these meetings.

At that time this group included Dick H. Wright, Twin Falls,

Idaho, group leader; Howard G. Hall, Kamas, Utah, first assistant;

Eldon Howick, Salt Lake City, second assistant; H. Cluff Knudsen,

Farmington, New Mexico, secretary; Don C. Jensen, Holladay,

Utah; Dean A. Sudweeks, Ephraim, Utah; Otis L. Bennett, Battletown, Kentucky; Gene Guinn, Eufaula, Oklahoma; Glade W.

Nielsen, Salt Lake City; Darwin Nielsen, Hyrum, Utah; Frank A.

Hales, Ogden, Utah; Phillip E. Trott, Los Angeles, California;

Richard L Scott, Granger, Utah; George C. Millward, Grantsville,

Utah; Jim Williams, California; Robert D. Swenson, Malad,

Idaho; Harvey R. Trimble, West Virginia; Arthur Woodmansee,

Los Angeles, California; David Sprague, Greene, New York; Charles

Southwick, Lehi, Utah; John Dalton, Holbrook, Arizona; Duane

Decruy, Wellington, Nevada.

376 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA s many as a thousand letters a A week have been received by Roscoe Grover, host of KSLTV's weekday afternoon "Playtime Party."

Most of these letters are sent by his young fans... and lots of them

are fully illustrated. Many of

them, however, are written by parents, grandparents and teachers praising the program for its wonderful effect upon children.

Uncle Roscoe does more than entertain... he promotes a love for

the finer things. Music, dance and art are all included in his "Party."

Talent is supplied by the kids... with over 20,000 of them

appearing thus far. The entire family will enjoy Uncle Roscoe's

"Playtime Party"each weekday afternoon on

KSLTV CHANNEL 5 TEW family experiences can be compared with the joys and benefits shared in regular Church attendance. Parents who teach by

example—taking their children to

church rather than sending them—build lifelong good habits.

Good financial habits, too, are established by family participation. in entire Let the family help

the BENEFICIAL LIFE of planning the Beneficial Life

Insurance program that will afInsurance Company ford greatest security and benefits David O. McKay, Pres. Salt Lake City - Utah

for you and your loved ones.

Over lA billion dollars of life insurance in force.