SEPTEMBER 1914

Council

Bluffs Ferry—the newest look in kitchens is.*

OWMdb

Wouldn't this refreshing Jonquil Yellow

real tile background inspire you to new heights as family chef?

Yes, with new Pomona wall and deck tile, your kitchen hours become more

carefree hours—allowing extra time for

your food creations—minimum time

for maintenance. See Pomona's

new colors, shapes, and sizes at your nearest Pomona Tile contractors!

SEND FOR FREE BOOKLET!

POMONA TILE MANUFACTURING COMPANY 629 No. La Brea, Los Angeles 36, Calif.

Pomona's real clay tile colors never fade or become dull. I do want a truly lovely home. Please send me

your colorful new brochure entitled "Tile Trends"

NAME.POMONA TILE MANUFACTURING COMPANY

HOME OFFICES: 629 North La Brea Avenue Los Angeles, California ADDRESSCITY, KAN. ARKANSAS PHOENIX CITYSEATTLE SALT LAKE SAN FRANCISCO NORTH HOLLYWOOD

CITY.STATE.

DENVER Dist. for & DALLAS E. Biegert, F.KANSAS CITY, MO. BEACH CHICAGO LONG POMONA

Ml'

v<o"7 sp f 9:W new taste hm by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

A new world's record was made in In Crackers 1953 with a well drilled by the

Ohio Oil Company near Bakersfield,

California, which exceeded 20,521 feet Try these delicious new crackers in depth. It cost over a million dollars

to drill.—different from anything you've

ased on the latest work in Greenland ever tasted! They have a rich,

the Antarctic, the and of melting hearty flavor... crisp, delicate texture... and an.

glacier icethe would'raise the sea level about 200 feet. inviting "twobite"shape!

Tn 1952 the output in the United States of soft drinks was more than twentyeight billion bottles, or an average of a bottle every day for every person.

Aresoil?irrigationStudieswatersin Utahinjuriousby Dr. D.to W.the

Thorne and James P. Thorne have

found that only a small proportion of the Utah soils are being reduced in productive capacity through the effects of irrigation water, and some are being definitely improved. Since the composition of most irrigation waters in Utah

is known, the problem areas can be predicted and the trouble from salts in irrigation waters either prevented or reduced.

I Tnderground deposits of uranium and vanadium can be detected by a new method which studies the kinds of plants growing on the surface of the ground and by the chemical analysis of the leaves.

I"aying of lowproducing hens has been increased as much as fifty - seven percent by using a feed supplement containing aureomycin and vitamin

B-12.

"Cor stripping overburden from the top of coal fields in Ohio a shovel is a smart used which weighs three million pounds, has a reach of 120 feet, can newscoop up seventy tons and lift it as high as a tenstory building. shape!

'"To celebrate the seventyfifth anniversary of Edison's incandescent lamp, the General Electric Company built a 75,000 watt lamp, the world's largest bulb. In seventyfive years lamp

making has improved the lamps, to give twentythree times the light for the

Salt Lake Phoenix Pocatellsame amount of electrical energy. PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY

SEPTEMBER 1954 609 Intergovernmental Relations in the U S A

by Dr. G. Homer Durham

VICE PRESIDENT, UNIVERSITY OF UTAH \mt you

VS7hat shall be the internal pattern virtually nothing the state of Utah does, nor the state of New York, Caliteititibtd for government within the United

States of America? This, some may fornia, or any of the other fortyeight,

say, was settled long ago by the formathat is not permeated with a federal, relationship. financial, of 1787, Constitution tion of the and usuallyJfcwVMMP i of a fedthe constitutionality In 1922 186165. of confirmed by the Civil War

Preoccupation with American power in eral grant to a state was first challenged.

foreign affairs during the last two decThe Supreme Court of the United States, ades has obscured this question. It speaking through Mr. Justice George

is a real one. From many standpoints, Sutherland, held in effect two broad

especially the financial ones, the Conthings:

stitution no longer serves as a guide 1. Federal grantin-aid statutes, if

on the question of relations between they follow the "spending power"ttiq say fr will thegovernments!national governmentAs the dispositionand theofstateUS granteddeclared tounconstitutionalthe Congress, willby thenot Sube

power abroad is a matter of great conpreme Court.

paint"a w5 surfed mentalcern, so authoritythat organizationwithin theof USAgovernit- beyond2. Federaljudicialgrantin-aidattack, on statutesthe meritsare

self carries equal imof constitutionality, either private or a by a state portance.

of because "want jfou cm mwtiow What do you know party, about intergovernmental of jurisdiction."

>vvwJw$idedr oaf: relationsThe Eisenhowerin the USA?ad- 5 \ everyoneSince 1922passingthen,a firstas

rate college course in the ministration and * American government became Congressla* people knows that (and more an I'm going to 83rdso concerned check oh Act10, 1953,was approved,establishingJulya theshouldfederaltake thegovernmentsubject), federal "Commission on Intergovernhas been able to enter fields of activity

Congress, not the courts, has held the VVLtMDj 83rdmentalCongress,Relations."1st Session.)(Senate Bill 154, hitherto held beyond its authority.

The Commission on Intergovernmenkeys since 1922 on this point.

tal Relations consists of twentyfive A study, Federal GrantsIn-Aid, made members. The President appoints fifby the Council of State Governments

teen, not more than nine of whom can concluded in 1949: "The real problem

n allpurpose, long - wearingplastic be members of the same party. The... is to determine whether the policy

** paint. President of the Senate appoints five of federal grants is desirable and in the

wood, plaster, Use on any—interest."public Congress has to deRepublican the three from

inside or outmembers, wallpaper or masonry material—cide. Shall the federal government Democrats. the from two Senators and side.

Can be rolled, brushed or sprayed—no The Speaker of the House of Repreenter the field of general public educabase or prime coat needed. Dries in a sentatives appoints five members from tion? Law enforcement? Health insurnon-inflammable. minutes few—odorless, care? other ance medical Every Mr. and manner. in the same House with the after hours. a few Thin Washable

is field activity of state of Hart, president genand local Kestnbaum, Meyer. if desired with water brush.. wash

water. Easy to use—no brush marks Schaffner, and Marx Company, is the erously financed through grants, taxor laps. Commission chairman. The other offsets, joint use of personnel, or some

old paint or over Apply new other distinguished intergovernmental are work—twentyfive device. And members

perfect for enamels. base wherever Use

official other walks. even education, -and law enforcement, and Americans from is flat finish desired. a

If you have painting problems NEW The federal "subsidy system"of medical care are entered at many points,

VYLOID paint is the answer, designed grantsin-aid to the fortyeight states is although not generally "matched"or all conditions, for paint VYLOID of intergovernas in the case of "teamedup-with"has not the whole problem received with been acclaim wherever agricultural fish and wildlife, with it, highways, relations. But concern mental used. for amazing Watch VYLOID New

the future of the states and of the extension, public assistance, unemployfederal system created in the past, ment compensation, and other federalAT YOUR LOCAL LUMBER DEALER underlies much of the work of the Comstate services.

mission. The fortyeight states, in the aggreMORRISON-MERRILL& CO. usedTheto developgrantin-aidthe Americansystem landgranthas been gate,bulk taxedof governmentthemselves servicesand financedrenderedthe

BUILDING MATERIAL DISTRIBUTORS in States until year the United the extension college system, agricultural 205 NORTH 3rd WEST SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 1913. federal 1913, Since the governpublic assistance, and work, highways,

Boise, Twin Falls, Pocatello, Idaho, Reno, Nevada a variety of public services. There is ment and its finances have outstripped

610 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the states. Measured by the same device (dollars expended), the federal

authorities today spend five or six times as much as all the state governments. Sue and Bob

thisShall say, until continue, the Constar in Mark E. Petersen's gress is financing or ten twenty times

the states'outlays? Shall the states conlatest book

tinue to "wane"in proportion to the "waxing"of the nation?

Some serious students have questioned whether or not the states really have the will to live. Time and again, essential services are refused or starved or

neglected by state governments, whereupon the Congress enacts a grantin- aid measure under its "spending power"(Article I, Section 8, Constitution of the

US) and forces the states into the program by dollarmatching or a taxoffset. Sometimes the Congress has

provided for outright national administration of a service, eliminating the states altogether.

The states and their lobbies seem to have "won't power."The Congress,

pressed by national lobbies, seems to have more proclivity for saying yes.

It also has more finances. The facts

that no one paid any federal income taxes until 1918 (very few even after until lawthe was enacted, 1941), that For Time or Eternity?federal revenues largely until 1916 came

from the tariff, painlessly, aided and Mark E. Petersen

abetted the intergovernmental pattern This the whole Church is talking about. All

the romance,is the bookcourtship, heartache and of falling in love, all ofand national expansion. Today is discussed inspirationally and romantically for the

of youth today.us the federal "bite"inof the know Appealingly told to attention command

serious thinking, and this story, told, wisely efwarm tax. have advocatedcome the Some fects awareness necessity and of living, clean temple

marriage, and of maintenance the high standards of ofrepeal the Sixteenth Amendment, the Church. old alike Young and enjoy profit and byalthough not this reading take idea serithe beautiful romance. many $2.00

ously. All this lies behind the creation

of the Commission on International

Relations. Its purpose, according to the

Act of Congress approved July 10, 1953, is as follows: VTr. <%-(-*-.-.-:

Because any existing confusion and waste-:::::::;:::::;

ful duplication of functions and administration pose a threat to the objectives of m&w programs of the Federal Government shared in by the States, including their political subdivision, because the activity of the Federal Government has been extended into many fields which, under our constitutional system, may be the primary interest and obligation of the several States and the HISTORY OF DICTIONARY OF MORMONISM subdivisions thereof, and because of the reJOSEPH SMITH THE BOOK OF AND MASONRY sulting complexity to Intergovernmental Lucy Mack Smith MORMON E. Cecil McGavin

relations, it is necessary to study the proper The inspired and spiritGeorge Reynolds This complete study of life the of ual disour one of beloved most For study of the ofrole relaBook in the Federal Government in relitopics cussed Prophet Smith Joseph of this use Mormon, political States theirtion to the suband is dictated gious history his preby mother cocomprehensive and in sented in 1845 edited and Christian the by ordinated dictionary. fields,divisions, respect to with such the

spirit of toPreston for Nibley goodwill and Easily available inforrelations that theseend BE CLEARLY brotherhood, day's reading, toMAY clearly comes will mation guide your explaining interesting the with packed Masonic efforts and theDEFINED FUNCTIONS CONhistorical exciting Touches and of The Book knowledgeto andperfectunderBECERNED MAY ALLOCATED rebackground TO and inand The Pearl standing. $3.50 Mormon

Price. containing the of Great $2.25 is search, ItTHEIR JURISDICTION. PROPER

inintimate truths and thatfurther necessary intergovernmental formation about a son, fiscal relations be so adjusted that each from his mother. $2.75

level of government discharges the functions which belong within its jurisdiction THE AMERICAS BEFORE COLUMBUS in a sound and effective manner. (Capitals Dewey Farnsworth $5.00

added.)

This language seems to say that the

Commission is to do two things: (Continued on page 686) BOOKCRAFT1186 SOUTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY 4. UTAH

SEPTEMBER 1954 611 Ly facial KJraan or THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD "The Voice of the Church"TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF

Jhe Lhurch of

/jeiui Lkriit

of oLatieraau -S)aints rJ (V VOLUME 57 NUMBER 9 r J)eptemben ember 1954 r

Editors: DAVID 0. McKAY - RICHARD L. EVANS

Managing Editor: DOYLE L. GREEN

Associate Managing Editor: MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

Production Editor: ELIZABETH J. MOFFITT - Research Editor: ALBERT L.

ZOBELL, JR - Manuscript Editor: IRIS PARKER

Editors: Contributing ARCHIBALD

S. HARRIS, FRANKLIN JR. - HUGHF. BENNETTNIBLEY - - G. LEEHOMERA. PALMERDURHAM Jhe C-cover

CLAUDE B. PETERSEN - SIDNEY B. SPERRY

General Manager: ELBERT R. CURTIS - Associate Manager: BERTHA S. REEDER

- Advertising D. GILES Business Manager: JOHN

Director: Subscription A. GLEN SNARRDirector: VERL F. SCOTT "Council Bluffs Ferry and Group of

Cottonwood Trees"is the title Fredrick

Piercy gave to the subject for this month's cover, which he drew on the spot, a hundred years ago. (See story, page 628.) Hal

the colored drawing and adapted The Editor's Page Rumel us. use for it to cover

A Birthday Greeting to The President 621

Sometion—ExcerptsThoughts on fromFreedom,"Gospeland Ideals"the Gospel, and the Constitu-

...President David O. McKay 621

Church Features

OFFICES BUSINESS EDITORIAL AND of Angels. Ministering of the Question: (1) The Keys Your

Street Main 50 North Earth? the Levitical Priesthood on Remain Will the (2)

St. Offices, 50 North Main Fielding...Joseph

St. North Offices, 40 Main Smith 622 Y.M.M.I.A.Y.W.M.I.A.

624 Hinckley Jones Helen or Evil...""For Good Salt Lake City 1, Utah to the Messenger Retired Editor of "The Albert M. Talmage,

Sightless"Irene E. Jones 635 Copyright 1954 by Mutual Funds, Inc., a CorporaThe Ira Rice Line - Erma Rice 638 Associationtion of the ofYoungthe ChurchMen's Mutualof JesusImprovementChrist of

Subreserved. rights All Saints. 638 Latterday Genealogy Appointee New to YMMIA Genin foreign advance; a year, price, S2.50 scription era! 614 Board Melchizedek Priesthood 666

in year, advance; subscriptions, a $3.00 The Church Moves On 616 Presiding Bishopric's Page 668 single copy. 25c

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah,

Special Features asat specialsecondclassrate ofmatter.postage Acceptanceprovided forforin mailingsection

The Spoken Word from Temple Square 1918.1103, Act of October 1917, authorized July 2,

. Richard L. Evans 623, 650, 664, 672 The Improvement Era is not responsible for unDo You Need the Family Hour? Rex A. Skidmore 626 solicitedAll manuscriptsmanuscripts,must bebutaccompaniedwelcomes contributions.by sufficient

"Route from Liverpool to Great Salt Lake Valley,"with Sketches postage for delivery and return.

and Accounts by Fredrick Piercy Doyle L. Green 628

No Longer Strangers Grant H. Redford 640 Change of Address

Family Portrait Gordon T. Alfred 644 Fifteen days'notice required for change of adExploring the Universe, Franklin S. Medical Research and Alcoholic dress. When ordering a change, please include

issue the magazine. a of slip recent from Harris, Jr

unless the old cannot be changes made Address Times, These is included. well as one the new as Intergovernmental: Re609 BookBeveragesReview: R. L. E. 618618 addressaddress

lations in the USA, G. Homer

610 Habit, Art Anderson 656 Durham

Two Short Story Contests 614 Your Page and Ours 688

Today's Family National Advertising Representatives "Allie"Marriott—a "Capital"Iris Parker 680

Cook 676 SaltRising Bread Coming Up!...681

S. TOWNSEND Hints COMPANY EDWARD 679 If Handy I Were in My Teens, Marion D.

Building Russ...682 Berry Picking Time, It's Wild Hanks Francisco, California San

EDWARD S. TOWNSEND COMPANY

Stories, Poetry Los 1324AngelesWilshire17, CaliforniaBlvd.

To Everything a Season Joyce Knudsen 633 SADLER AND SANGSTON ASSOCIATES

Handcarts Orgill Helen Kimball Westward—Conclusion 636 New342 YorkMadison17, Ave.N. Y.

Frontispiece, Poplars, Pansye H. Conversational Ethel Tightrope,

Powell 619 Jacobson 662 30DAVISN. LaSalle& SONSSt.

Teacher, Richstone 665 Chicago, Illinois New May

Teacher, D. J.- Roberts...668 Ward Poetry Page 620 My

Daughter, Clara Johnston Farewell, Arthur Wallace The My

Pierce 657 Peach 687 Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations 612 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA UQiAj... roofing by PABCO ty

...and to top it all, a mineralsurfaced shingle roof that is

not only fashionright but, like all Pabco roofing, weathertight for years and years.

PAINT - ROOFING - SIDING. ONLY PABCO COORDINATES ALL. THREEl

PABCD PRODUCTS INC., SAN FRANCISCO, CALIFORNIA

SEPTEMBER 1954 613 New Appointee to life* YMMIA General Board

*T( Plump

Lester F.

Hewlett, Jr. Wg

BRAND

TheHewlett,appointmentJr., to theof EldergeneralLesterboardF. 1 RAI5 N5 of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association has been announced. Elder Hewlett is assigned

to the M Men committee.

At the time of this appointment, he was serving as YMMIA stake superintendent in the Ensign (Salt

Lake City) Stake. Previously he had

been a member of the East Ensign

Ward bishopric and before that ward M superintendent of YMMIA.

From 1940 to 1942 he filled a mission in the Northwestern States, and for four years, 194347, he was the It's the grapes! servicemen's in group leader LDS

Massachusetts and the Philippine Isare world's finest grapes The grown lands. More recently he was a memJoaquin in the San sundrenched

Valley of California on the Western ber of the presidencies of the 276th

Slope of the High Sierras From these quorum (in Sugar House Stake) and wellcared-for vineyards, stretching the 316th quorum (in Ensign Stake) mile, mile after only the best of each in of seventy. year's crop is selected dried and

the sun to make Plump and Meaty His wife is the former Peggy Ruth

Brand raisins. That's why Plump and Brazier of Denver. The couple have

Meaty Brand are the tastiest, plumptwo sons and two daughters.

est, meatiest, most luscious raisins you ever ate!

Make all your foods RICH \ Two Short Story Contests

Plump and Meaty Brand raisins.

Plump and Meaty Brand Natural TheciationNationalhas announcedThanksgivingtwo Assoshort Seedless Raisins are:

PURE story contests dealing with the paUNADULTERATED

CONTAIN NO CHEMICALS triotic and religious significance of

OR ARTIFICIAL Thanksgiving Day. The stories, bePRESERVATIVES tween five hundred and one thousand

words in length, must be written for grade school children and advocate

Luscious Plump and Meaty raisins come to the display of the nation's flag on you as fresh as the day they were packed Thanksgiving Day.

twicesealed In Flavotife cartons or bags. There are two divisions: class 1,

They stay fresh and hold their natural goodopen to all adults, and class 2, open ness and taste. Try them today! to high school students only. Class 1

awards will be: first prize, $25; secSAVE! Buy the economical two and four ond prize, $15; third prize, $10; fourth

pound bags, twicesealed in Flavotlte. to tenth prizes, copies of This is

They keep!

America, an anthology of ThanksgivVAGIM PACKING COMPANY FRESNO, CALIFORNIA ing poetry. Class 2 awards will be:

(Concluded on page 618) 614 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 1. Gospel Ideals

DAVID O. McKAY

An important L.D.S. reference book

subjects on such... enlightening as 2. Matthew Cowley Speaks Prophet Joseph Mission of thethe

Smith, Priesthood and Its Work, The This book is a compilation of the addresses, sermons, and

Church as a WorldWide Institution, letters of the beloved Apostle, Matthew Cowley. The

message of God's love, the impelling understanding others. and many TeachingWard

of life for the.betterment challenge existence, the eternal—all is the esvolume one handyHere in

sence of President McKay's fine inthis and more is contained in this final tribute. $4.00

sight into gospel principles. You

will surely want to own and study this new work. $4.00 3. Mary

Bailey

RUBY K. SMITH

In the early days of the restored Church, the first

Smith, brother of the BI?IlJ!5&u<trio, missionary Samuel H. Prophet Joseph Smith,

set out to preach the gospel to the world. In Boston, he met the charming 4. Large Print

captivating Mary and a trueto-life Family Bible Bailey.portrait Forof the Prophet's

letterdistinct large, with Moroccobound early perand the serve will Bible This print. perfect young familysecutions, Mary read a treasured remain and readers old and

content. Bailey. and form in both book $19.50 $2.Q0

Thumbed index $20.50

5. Quadruple in

Combination writings scriptural All comDeseret Booh Co. in this combined are

family pact edition—TheDocof Mormon, Book

Covenants, trine and Price, and of Pearl DESERET BOOK COMPANY in Holy the

Salt Lake City, Utah and GreatBible—boundbeautiful the most 44 East South Temple

durable leather, with large, readable type. Gentlemen:

$27.50 Enclosed you will find check money order charge to

my account for the following encircled (numbered) books:

6. Triple 1 2 3 4 5 6 Amount $

Combination Name This large print family combinatriple edition finest Address in the tion, bound leather, contains the Mormon, Docof Book and City Zone State.. Covenants, trine and

of Great Pearl Price for Residents of Utah include 2% sales tax. enjoyment. reading easy

$10.00 SEPTEMBER 1954 615 The Church Moves On

Events A Day To Day Chronology Of Church

May 1954 JustincomposedB. Lillywhite.of six wards:TheAnaheim,new stakeCostais byAKSL,specialhonoredprogram,the twentyfifthbroadcast locallyanniMesa, Garden Grove, Fullerton, Laversary of the Salt Lake Tabernacle

1 Elder Spencer W. Kimball of the guna Beach, and Santa Ana. It has a Choir going on the radio networks.

Council of the Twelve dedicated membership of approximately 3450.

the chapel of the Franklin A. Bryan, formerly Ward, Mt. Elder Max of broadcast the 1300th second 1 Q After Stake. (Arizona)Graham counselor, sustained as president was pro- *- radio network their weekly

of the East Long Beach Stake, with gram, this one beginning their twentyElders Melvin E. Miner and Lorin B. sixth year on the air, the 375 members

June 1954 Daniels as his counselors. Membership of the Salt Lake Tabernacle choir were

is of East Stake Beach about 5600, Long the breakfast sponsored at by a honored

E. Clifford Assistant Young, Elder O the in following Bellflower wards: of Commerce. Salt City Lake Chamber "of to the the dediCouncil Twelve, First First Second, and Lakewood signed plaque, Govby appropriate and An of chapelcated the Payette the Ward, Fifth, Second, Beach Third and Long Earl Lee, Bracken Mayor J. ernor J. Stake. (Idaho)Weiser First Second. and Norwalk and Orange presiNightingale, T. Glade, and W.

is stake the Stake 215th County now all of of Commerce, the dent Chamber

It operating in the organChurch. was of the Richardsj Elder LeGrand O breakfast, the during spoke of whom ized of direction the under Elder "* Mark of dedicated the Council Twelve choir F. Hewlett, Lester to given was

E. of of Petersen the the Council of Twelve Kilauea Branch, chapelthe the president.

Hawaii Mission. and Elder Clifford E. Young, Assistant

to the Council of the Twelve.

the children's parade began A O A of of his In the centennial honor1 M L V Richards of the LeGrand Elder of '47"celebration in Salt "Days birth, -*- Salt the Tabernacle Lake Choir dedicated of the Council Twelve City. Lake

art all concert sang Stephens on Evan ofthe Branch, chapel the Olaa Hawaii

Mission. their Columbia Broadcasting System

radio program. The late Elder Stephens O 1 The First Presidency announced

was once a conductor of the choir. "the decision to establish a junior

of Richards the Elder LeGrand college in Islands the the Hawaiian and last of stake the the was This Sunday15 of the dedicated Council Twelve of Dr. appointment D. Law, Reuben for held weeks. to seven conferences be

to of the addition the chapelan Paia Brigof of College Education, the dean Perkins succeeded C. Elder James

Mission.Branch, Hawaii University, to be president first Young ham as counselor Haynie Elder Orson

in the Los Angeles Stake presidency. of the new junior college. Dr. Law, Dr.

thirtyfirst Leadership annual 1 The of of the College Clarence Cottam, dean as sustained T. Rolapp Elder Ralph ** * began on the campus Week at Biology S. BenKenneth BYU, and succeeding Elder counselor of second

Brigham Young University. More than Perkins. nion, director of the LDS Business Colfour thousand students of all ages aslege, will leave soon for the Islands

sembled for the event. They repre- "to make a preview study of buildings

sented thirty states and eight nations. July 1954 necessary and the establishment of the

school."It is hoped that the new junior

that Lester F. It was announced college will begin operations in the fall This was Old Folk's Day in Salt O20 ** appointed Hewlett, Jr. has been City. of 1955. * Lake

to the general board of the Young

Association. Men's Mutual Improvement First Presidency announced The \

Announcement was made *"of the that missionaries Church that the O"A Ansandestimatedpersons sawonethehundredPioneerthouDay are being removed from Guatemala beChurch had acquired the old historic parade in Salt Lake City. Celebrations

cause of the current unrest in that land. Masonic Hall in Nauvoo, as well as were held in other parts of the West,

Missionaries will be reassigned to several other pieces of land in that city and wherever the Church has membereither El Salvador or Panama City, in a recent purchase. ship.

both of which are in the Central The Associated Press reported that of the prisonAmerican Mission. 11 SpecialSalt LakeservicesTabernacle,were heldfollowingin the Churchfourteen hadCzechoslovakbeen sentencedmembersto

Bishop Carl W. Buehner of the the network program that concluded the terms ranging from three to eight years.

27 Presiding Bishopric dedicated the Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir and Organ's The report came from the Free Europe chapel of the Modesto Ward, San twentyfifth year of broadcasting to naCommittee in Vienna and said the memJoaquin (California) Stake. tionwide audiences. bers were sentenced in a court at Brno,

Orange County Stake was organCzechoslovakia. The report said the

ized from portions of the East Long j D This was "President David O. members were accused of having printed

Beach (California) Stake, with Presi- 1 "McKay"day in Ogden, as that and distributed illegal leaflets. This

dent John C. Dalton, formerly president city honored the Church President, and press release came on the twentyfifth

of East Long Beach Stake, sustained as began its Pioneer Days celebration. anniversary of the founding of the

president. His counselors are Elder Late in the day President McKay laid Czechoslovak Mission. Missionaries

Samuel Cortez, who served with him the cornerstone for the new Ogden were expelled from that country several in East Long Beach Stake, and Elder (Utah) Tabernacle. years ago.

616 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ffyjUt

f ITALY )

Uncle

Jew <*M*tc4 Roscoe Grover had a wonderful summer in Europe... as you can see

r m by these picture postcards.

And, you'll be hearing more about his adventures when you watch his

.. Playtime Party '

each weekday afternoon on IVdL 1 W

Channel

#A H ft Ai M - '\ 'A '.d&P \ F\f\. *: K\

\W

1 > t.

SEPTEMBER 1954 617 Two Short Story Contests

(Concluded from page 614) first prize, $15; second prize, $10;

third prize, $5; fourth to tenth prizes,

copies of This is America.

Send your entries by November 1, 1954, to Contest Chairman Gertrude

Hanson, Route 2, Excelsior, Minnesota. Just one story to a contestant, and

no story can be returned unless accompanied by a self - addressed stamped envelope. Winning entries

will become the property of the National Thanksgiving Association.

Medical Research and

Alcoholic Beverages

Onlyper onethirdperson is beingof a centspentperin daythe

United States on medical research, according to Medical Research

May Save Your Life, a pamphlet just issued by the Public Affairs Committee, 22 East 38th Street, New York

City.

Author of the twentyfive cent pamphlet, Richard Cant, medical editor of Time, points out that raising this amount to one cent per day would produce $550,000,000 annually and bring quicker victories over major

all for expenditure The nation's approximates research $200, How do you feel when diseases.medical

fifty times less than what is spent on the hotel door closes? 000,000 per year at present. This is

alcoholic beverages, less than is spent

When the bellman closes the door and you stand alone surrounded on monuments and tombstones, and by the four walls of your hotel room, do you feel warm and welis only about onethird of one percome? It might easily depend on the color of the walls, the softcent of the defense budget.

From X-Ray News Bulletin, ness of the carpet or design of the furniture, for psychologists March 1954 tell us that all these things affect your disposition. That's why we

engage the best decorators in the country to work out carefully Book Review coordinated color schemes for our rooms... why we've redecorated

TIME OR ETERNITY? FOR them at the rate of a thousand or more a year since the end of Bookcraft, Salt Lake E. Petersen. (Mark

the war. Such accommodations plus free Western "Hoteletype"City. 1954. 120 pages. $2.00.)

Reservations service and tested recipes from our Research Kitchen Ihave seen four boys read this book are tangible expressions of the "western"hospitality that awaits boys from ten to nearly twenty years or persuapressure without age—and,

it in a finished you at every Western Hotel. ofsion, of them each one

short time, and each one was sincerely

WESTERN HOTELS impressedit approachedwith somethe mannerof the mostin whichimportant principles and problems that

WASHINGTON: Seattle, New Washington, OREGON: Portland, Multnomah, Benson closely concern young people.

Benjamin Franklin, Roosevelt, Mayflower UTAH: salt lake city, Newhouse Brother Mark E. Petersen has rendered

SPOKANE, Davenport, tacoma, Winthrop COLORADO: Denver, Cosmopolitan a sincere service in writing this easybillings, WEnatchee, Cascadian, Leopold bellingham, MONTANA: Northern reading narrative on dating and marboise, Boise, Owyhee walla walla, IDAHO: Marcus Whitman

Bannock POCatello, attihabits riage morals and and and CALIFORNIA: LOS ANGELES, Mayfair

Georgia BRITISH Vancouver, COLUMBIA: Sir Francis 8AN Francisco, Drake, Maurice social situations. ideals tudes and and

Affiliated Oasis springs, palm Hotel the St. Francis, Francisco, San

to close are For myself and some who

S. W. THURSTON, President Executive Offices: New Washington Hotel, Seattle me, I wish to thank him for it. R. L. E.

618 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Josef Mucnch photo.

POPLARS by Pansye H. Powell

Mile after mile the weary traveler's eyes

Search for a haven in the arid land.

Oh, what a glory in that glad surprise

When first he sees where distant poplars stand, Mute sentinels; and yet their presence

states, "Have hope, for here, at last, cool water waits!"

SEPTEMBER 1954 619.

MOUNTAIN MORNING SUMMER FRIENDS

HIGH SCHOOL FRESHMAN By LeRoy Burke Meagher By Beulah Huish Sadleir

By Ruth Thompson Allen light in suddenly I liked best of summer Not should have That building were two quail when come TheWereparts night, the At birdcall, fromJH, Lastwhatweeka changehe did innotJunior!care nest.

as flight slow ButIf he a rip had up the back each walked They day lawn across my faroff bees of his shirt, Of he seldomAnd his hair. combed in spray. themselves garden bathed that found And

fields flower, in New He spent his time with his model planes The highest bit of ground They chirped and chatted without fear

And his ancient strippeddown car. Emerged in morning sound Unless bold children scampered near

But tonight he pleads for the family Ford, From darkened statuette, Then to the thicket's solitude

And he's groomed like a cinema star. And every pine became These two pledged silent gratitude.

A needled silhouette, His favorite sport was basketball; Dewwet. When summer days were long with heat

to he wantsNow whirl. dance and—their brood—played near my

doubt you'veNo guessed the mystery THE YOUNG FINGER PAINTER The feet;quail

Our Junior has a girl!

By Elfriede Schutt HowI wondermuchif ittheyeasedevermyguessedloneliness.

FRUIT Unmindful of the world in strife

By Eva Willes Wangsgaard Or what the future holds in store, GO AT DUSK

The small blond finger painter sits

A peach all pink and gold Contentedly upon the floor. By Constance Train

to paints sky She the no clouds mar** I praised for juicy meat, is the road lone bare; day and Dy field of in a blends with Which beauteous to thingA hold, green, *-'folk there. go woodland wandering No small tree white beneath a lamb A luscious thing to eat. A sees goes riding only He who rural a Depicts scene. peaceful,

grass, trees. Flowers inanimate and is for She adverse thought too young pitThe I threw away

still, is lake nothing The and moves is filled ecstasy; world with Her neither As joy

little or in coves. In midstream. youthful crowned with innocence nor food. And fruitful tree todayA go dusk, at will see But and you it as paints be. a She world should ingratitude. Rewards

frisking merrily. bunnies Brown

CADENCES OF PEACE LIMITATIONS WoodchucksAnd silvery fishemergeleap fromin caracoles.out their holes

By Beverly Boone By Mary Lucretia Barker AConvoyingduck sailsherfrombroodher onsedgya promenade.shade,

like the to play woodfolk Why doMountains at dusk and never day? by stand tall around my valley "T'oday,* words this week, next year, are little Always floor,

Each sunbathed, chiseled peak capped with That signify the measurement of time, a cloud; But cannot circumscribe the flight of birds WHEN SUMMER TIPTOES OFF

render glory sunrise less sublime.They stand in grandeur—lofty, strong, and Or

cannot One each snowflake By Elaine V. Emans know how long proud,

spends hillsFirmrooted that solemnly ignore off, tiptoes goldshod, 7hen summer Tl its brief Pursuing to journey the ground. troubled lives ""The lead today; the roar men she go, As always must petal The each dying moment blends when of rushAnd times that modern often shroud I question never spring whether Its breath nature's with heart has not been hopesThe and dreams with which men I again. Will know. come found. were endowed

is It to impossible ascertain shackle souls that free toAnd should be I love as sure would were thing a days each The quickblown, changing cloud soar. I But in slow learning am will dream

take leave Each you time your of me the Above in hold the rain bounds earth—to stalwart sing songs mountains meMy you'll That, oh, returning. be of Eludes imagination's cunning beam. peace

I cannot or advance And stay the dew,In of cadences rushing waterfalls; A TWENTYFIRST FOR finite in BIRTHDAY phrase terms for Or love you. mySoft fiddle breezes tunes scented pine from

With descant trilled by birds in sweet reBRYCE CANYON By Eleanor Alletta Chaffee lease.

strength calls is bolstered the pipered byMy Hubbell to think, By Sara used one Henry day he grows when hills tranquil peace, whereOf sweet peace, *| up, is mine. T Tere pink cathedrals bright with frosted I... will easily this snap slender chain.

* * spires stared at eyes Your over your silver cup me clear as INARTICULATE And violets As blue, as after rain. temples topped by graceful minarets

By Beatrice Munro Wilson TimebankedReflect a tinteduponglowthefromageoldlambentparapets.fires I usedschool;to worry when you were late from

city phantom tiles Years roofed with weathered A after, hearing the car wheels on the into drive, blend That color a coral schemeThey spoke of war. She looked up at the

stars And labyrinthed with rugged walled defiles Said, it is almost time. I was a fool

Then cut her sweetest rosebuds for a friend. More fabulous than any sculptor's dream. To be so thankful you were safe, alive.

Mornings, she slipped best plants for gifts, But now that your height tops mine, you sowed seeds. Far from the tumult of a weary earth come and go,

Silently she told her world, end "Wars with that problems share, Man you cannot gains a freedom—sweet and soul exBusy

does. winterAs There be storm and must panding Thin I feel wrist does not what on my

snow And from these monuments of ancient show

But think of April with her silver rain! birth The slender links of which I am aware.

She never fails to come, and roses blow, Receives the peace that passes understandWho would have thought that impatience,

And summer sun still ripens golden grain. ing. wingedfleet,

All lovely things go on like sun and star As he stands here before this mighty shrine, Had found the weight of a chain so close,

And we can add to beauty where we are."He feels a oneness with life's great design. so sweet?

620 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA vVTsJsTviXO A BIRTHDAY GREETING n September 8, 1954, President David

O. McKay will observe his 81st

birthday anniversary. One year ago on the

80th anniversary of President McKay's birth, ''The Improvement Era"was honored in the privilege of publishing and presenting the book "Gospel Ideals,"which contains selections from President McKay's writings and discourses. And in this issue

in extending our earnest good wishes to our

President and Senior Editor, President

David O. McKay, we present some further

selections from "Gospel Ideals,"on "Freedom, and the Gospel, and the Constitution,"together with a recent informal and delightful picture of President and Sister

McKay taken at a Homecoming observance at Brigham Young University.

Some Thoughts on Freedom, and the

Gospel, and the Constitution

Excerpts from Gospel Ideals by President David O. McKay

mrnm hroughout the world generally today of the gospel of Jesus Christ—only thus will man-

a there is a spirit of unrest, a grasping for kind find peace and happiness.

is ideologies, untried and, worst what M ****** of all, a tendency toward moral aban- J the principle of free agency, it It is all too donment. that In the light of apparent

"our spiritual culture lags far behind our material is not difficult to distinguish between the right culture in its development."and the wrong system of government. It is not

Now is a time when peoples in all the world difficult to tell when an organization transcends should pause and in all earnestness repeat the its bounds and becomes despotic.

Pentecostal question propounded to Peter and ****** other Apostles: Man's free agency is an eternal principle of

"Men and brethren, what shall we do?"(Acts progress, and any form of government that curplan in the beginning was one of coercion, and it 2:37.) ****** tails or inhibits its free exercise is wrong. Satan's

In these days of uncertainty and unrest, libertywas rejected because he sought to destroy the loving people's greatest responsibility and paraagency of man which God had given him.

mount duty is to preserve and proclaim the free- ****** dom of the individual, his relationship to Deity, If we would make the world better, let us foster and, the necessity of obedience to the principles (Concluded on following page)

SEPTEMBER 1954 ItEditorsPage THE EDITOR'S PAGE

(Concluded from preceding page) The responsibility of showing to the world that the a keener appreciation of the freedom and liberty guarangospel of Jesus Christ will solve its problems rests upon teed by the government of the United States as framed the men who make the claim, who believe that the by the founders of this nation. Here again selfpro- declaration made by the Prophet Joseph is true.... I

claimed "progressives"cry that such oldtime adherence believe, too, that every world problem may be solved by obedience to the principles of the gospel of Jesus Christ.

is out of date. But there are some fundamental principles of this republic which, like eternal truths, never get

out of date, and which are applicable at all times to In all man's theories and experiments since history beliberty- loving peoples. Such are the underlying principles gan, human intelligence has never devised a system

of the Constitution, a document framed by patriotic, which, when applied to the needs of humanity, can even freedomloving men, who Latterday Saints declare were approach this plan in effectiveness.

inspired by the Lord.

Though we are living in perilous times, you and I can.

* * * * rejoice because the gospel is among men. The Church

is established in this free country, nevermore to be

The principles of the gospel are the surest, safest guide to mortal man. Christ is the light to humanity.... No rise,thrownanddownnationsor givenmay todestroyanothereachpeople.other inNationsstrife, maybut

person, no group, no nation can achieve true success this gospel is here to stay, and we must preach it and without following Him who said: "I am the light of the proclaim it, that peace may come, for it is only through

world: he that followeth me shall not walk in darkness, obedience to the gospel of Jesus Christ that peace will

but shall have the light of life."(John 8:12.) come permanently upon the earth.

by Joseph Fielding Smith PRESIDENT OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

The Keys of the Ministering of Angels.

Will the Levi lira I Priesthood Remain on the Earth?

"Will you please consider the following which holds the keys of the fulness of the gospel and questions? ( 1 ) What is meant by the keys "... holdeth the key of the mysteries of the kingdom,

of the ministering of angels as stated in the conferring of even the key of the knowledge of God."(D. & C. 84:19.)

the Aaronic Priesthood on Joseph Smith and Oliver Because of rebellion and unwillingness to hearken to the

Cowdery by John? (2) Will the Levitical Priesthood recommandments given by Moses, these great privileges

main on the earth after the sons of Levi make an offerand blessings were denied them, although Moses did all ing in righteousness unto the Lord?"in his power to teach and sanctify them.

"But they hardened their hearts and could not endure (1) The answer to the first question in his presence; therefore, the Lord in his wrath, for his

brief is that the Lord revealed it to be the anger was kindled against them, swore that they should privilege of those holding the keys of the Aaronic Priestnot enter into his rest while in the wilderness, which hood to have the visitation and ministering of angels if rest is the fulness of his glory.

the occasion should arise, in relation to the temporal "Therefore, he took Moses out of their midst, and the matters of the Church. It is presumed that your quesHoly Priesthood also;

tion calls for further details in relation to this priesthood "And the lesser priesthood continued, which priesthood and its powers. holdeth the key of the ministering of angels and the

When Israel came out of Egypt it was the intention preparatory gospel;

of the Lord to organize the men of all the tribes into a "Which gospel is the gospel of repentance and of royal priesthood, conferring upon them all the gifts baptism, and the remission of sins, and the law of and privileges of the higher or Melchizedek Priesthood, carnal commandments, which the Lord in his wrath 622 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA caused to continue with the house of Aaron among the Ezekiel, and Daniel, were blessed with the Melchizedek children of Israel until John, whom God raised up, Priesthood, but this priesthood was not given to others.

being filled with the Holy Ghost from his mother's Most of these prophets were not of the tribe of Levi, but womb."(Ibid., 84:2427.) were from the tribes of Judah, Ephraim, and others.

If Israel had remained faithful they would have had The Prophet Joseph Smith said, "All Priesthood is all the blessings and privileges of the Melchizedek PriestMelchizedek, but there are different portions or degrees hood, but instead they were confined to the scope of the of it. That portion which brought Moses to speak with

blessings of the Aaronic Priesthood and also became subGod face to faee was taken away; but that which brought

ject to the measures of the "Law of Moses,"which conthe ministry of angels remained."(Teachings of the

tained many temporal laws some of which were severe Prophet ]o<seph Smith, pp. 180181.)

and drastic in their nature. This condition continued (2) The Priesthood of Aaron, or the Levitical Priestuntil the resurrection of Jesus Christ when this carnal hood, will not end when the sons of Levi make their

law was fulfilled and was replaced by the fulness of the offering in righteousness. This priesthood continued in

gospel. The Aaronic Priesthood did not lose the right the Church which was organized by our Redeemer and

to the ministering of angels in the days of restoration continued until the days when apostasy drove the Church when Jesus Christ came to fulfil the law and this power into the wilderness. There will be need for this priestcontinues in the Church today, which is fully attested hood in this dispensation at least as long as time endures

in the words of John. and mortals dwell upon the earth.'

We should understand, however, that while Israel was restricted in the power of the priesthood from the days of Moses to the days of the ministry of our Savior, yet <v-a4. &L&i j!&7zJ(m.

the prophets in Israel, such as Elijah, Isaiah, Jeremiah,

ie 6itent,en to 5aa It—and when

Richard L. Evans

As was observed centuries ago: There is "a time the illtimed lashing of an uncontrolled temper or

* to every purpose....'*1 And there are times a loose and irresponsible tongue can do irreparable

when some things should be said, and times to damage. No friendship, no household, no marriage,

keep silent. There are times when we are tempted no society is strong enough to remain unmarked

to make cutting comments, when the quality of by unbridled sarcasm or by cruel comment.

kindness (and* good sense itself) would suggest Whether uttered inadvertently or otherwise, we are that we keep silent. Sometimes on the playing responsible for the weight of our words, and we

field we see the dangerous practice of "piling on"should weigh them well before we let them loose, piling on and pushing the bottom player a little having the good sense sometimes to be silent, and farther down into the dirt. In life there is also not to let temper or bad timing void the lessons

that might have been learned. And on those occathe practice of "piling on"—with words—and

pushing people down a little deeper. Sometimes sions which must and do call for sharp correction,

of "forth afterwards should an increase show children. has made we If one of them see it among we

2 for love have] reproved,"toward [we him whom all present sometimes a mistake, or a misstatement seem to outdo one another in embarrassing the unlove can make correction lasting, but hate only fortunate offender. But even as adults, too many hardens the human heart.. May God give us the

of us, too often, are cutting in our comments and good sense to know what to say, and when to say it, too sharp with our tongues. Too many of us corand when to be silent; and give us also the great

rect others cruelly, with the wrong spirit, at the quality of kindness so that what is said, will corwrong time. Even in families, correction is often rect and not merely cruelly cut.

illtimed; and the intended lesson may be lost by

the resentment that comes with being embarrassed before others. There are times to speak up; there Jke Spoken Word FROM temple SQUARE

are times to say what should be said. There are PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

truths that must be spoken, falsehoods that must SYSTEM, IUNE 27, 1954 be challenged, misimpressions that must be corCopyright, 1954 rected, and facts that must be made known. But 1EccIesiastes2D. & C. 121:43.3:1.

SEPTEMBER 1954 623.

.. "For Good or Evil

by Helen Hinckley Jones

"He called me by name, and said unto me that he was a messenger sent from the presence of God to me, and that his name was Moroni; that God had a work for me

to do; and that my name should be had

for good and evil among all nations, kindreds, and tongues...."(P. of G. P.,

Joseph Smith 2:33.)

Joseph lay on his bed, staring up tongues."(See Pearl of Great Price, One hundred people, all interviewed

through the darkness, thinking Joseph Smith 2:33.) in the United States, can show only

through the years that had passed It has been a century and a quar- a "tendency"or "trend,"but I felt since his vision in the Sacred Grove, ter since the Angel Moroni spoke what even this would 'be interesting. Of

and praying, he said, "for forgivemust have seemed to Joseph astonthese, three chanced to be "Morness of all my sins and follies."ishing words. What has happened mons,"and nine said they had never

Gradually his room filled with light, since that time toward the fulfilment heard of Mormons or Mormonism.

and in the center of the light as if of that promise? "How do you happen to know

the rays emanated from him, stood To begin with, there are a million about the Mormons? I asked the

a heavenly personage. The Angel and a quarter members of the Church remaining eightyeight, and these

Moroni described a book, written on of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints were the answers they gave in this gold plates, which was buried in a who know the Prophet's name "for order of frequency: "I have known

nearby hill. The Hill Cumorah good."This is an amazing growth Mormons (neighbors, fellow workers,

Joseph saw with such exactness that in membership—from six to 1,246,362 civic workers)"; "I have 'read books

he was able the next day to go there, in 124 years. Yet this is not really a or magazine articles about them";

find the slightly convex rock he had large number when compared with "I have visited Utah"; or "I have

seen in his vision, and lift it, to reveal the population of the world or of the seen Mormon churches or temples";

a stone vault in which were the United States or even of a single great "I have heard the Tabernacle Choir";

promised plates and other ancient city. How many people who are not and finally, "I have been contacted

records and relics. members of the Church now know the by missionaries."

This part of the Prophet Joseph's Prophet's name "for good or evil"? I next asked: "Do you know about

story every child in the Church can To find an accurate answer would be Joseph Smith? Brigham Young?"

recite. But something else happened impossible, but to find a "relative"and as a control question, "Sam

that night when Moroni talked with answer would not be too difficult. [Samuel] Brannan?"Sam Brannan

Joseph. He gave the obscure, unTo find this "relative"answer I was a colorful pioneer who arrived

schooled farm boy a promise: "Your talked with one hundred people from in California in pregold rush days

name shall be known for good and thirty states (excluding Utah and as head of a group of Latterday evil among all nations, kindreds, and Idaho) and seven foreign countries. Saints. It is conceivable with the

624 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA name (he was connected with the One young mother who is very ac- "They're prepared for leadership,"famous Vigilantes as well as dozens tive in her community church laughshe said.

of West Coast enterprises) may have ingly told me that her friends were One young woman who had been been well known a hundred years beginning to call her "the convert"reared a Methodist was active in an ago. Only three out of the hundred because she has so much praise for MIA organization in Yuba City, Calicould identify Sam Brannan. Sixty the Mormon family in her neighfornia. "I've never had such good

knew of Joseph Smith, and eightyborhood. wholesome fun in my life as I had

four knew of Brigham Young. One woman said that when her then,"she said. "We learned things,

This does not mean that more than Mormon neighbor's husband died, too, and there was a warmth and half the people in the United States "People carried enough food into that love that you could actually feel.

know about Joseph Smith, but it house to feed them for a week or I've never experienced it in any other does show that his name is unusually more. I heard that the group of group."

wellknown. men he belonged to at the Church The welfare plan has captured the

"For good and evil"Moroni said. helped with the funeral expenses."interest of people everywhere. "We

This part of his promise challenged "Do you feel that they help only saw your warehouse,"a San Diego my attention. I did not ask those I each other?"I asked. couple said. "Down on University,

talked with to check a list of char- "My, no. They're the best folks isn't it?"Wherever there is a welacter traits. I did not want to put we've ever lived next to."fare facility, there is an active interest

words in their mouths. Instead I Another woman told me, "I had in the Church with an "insurance

said rather casually, "What do you my choice of lots when we built. One plan."

think of the "Mormons"you know?"was next to a Mormon family, and One woman stated that in the

The answer which was given most one wasn't. We bought next to the building of their church there had

often was that "Mormons"are sinMormon family.. Mormons have the been single gifts of $50,000 and

cere in their worship; they are deeply sort of children I want my children $108,000 as well as of a large tract of

religious; they are devout; they are with. Besides they're so neighborexpensive land, but she thought it

willing to forsake physical for spiritual was remarkable the way so many things. Interest in other people's children members of the "Mormon"Church

Our neighbors think that we are is evidenced by the Church youth pay tithing and donations besides!

industrious, that we make good farmprogram. "You do so much for your There were comments on the numers, good doctors, good lawyers, good young people,"several people said, ber of "Mormons"who are well educooks, good housekeepers, that we and one teacher from a small, rather cated, the number that go to college,

excel in anything we try to do beremote town said that there were the number who are scientists, procause we are willing to work harder eight Latterday Saint children in fessional men and women, and the than other people. Especially are their high school, all of whom held number who excel in the arts.

we good homemakers and parents. some class or student body office. {Continued on page 658)

Panoramic view of what has been popularly called "The Cradle of Mormonism."The monumentcrested Hill Cumorah can be

seen in the upper center of this photograph. This is the landscape that the Prophet Joseph Smith knew and loved as a youth.

—Photo by Otto Done

SEPTEMBER 1954 625 Do You Need the Family Hour?

Dr. Rex A. Skidmore

PROFESSOR OP SOCIOLOGY AND SOCIAL WORK,

UNIVERSITY OF UTAH

Games of skill and fun will heighten the spirit of the family hour.

Nineyear-old Judy, freckled faced dwelling or the kind of roof over adults are hungering for the glow and vivacious, told her closest their heads. and warmth of a loving hearthside.

friend, "I don't like to go home, Probably never in the history of What can be done to reduce these

I'm lonely there."Yet her house civilization has there been greater problems? How can parentchild rewas a large stone structure situated need for closer parentchild relations lationships be strengthened, bringing

in a desirable residential area. What and stable families. Trouble lurks stronger families and better citizens?

was the trouble? Mother and father at nearly every turn. Last year, for One answer is the "Family Hour,"

and brothers and sisters lived in the example, in the United States, one enthusiastically recommended by the same house, but they hardly knew million children between the ages of Church.

other. a placeeach house was The dealings seventeen, ten with and had of instructions the important One sleep to gulpin which some and police child the in eighteen); (one given President Smith, at by Joseph F. occasionally. Littlefood human least in at night spent 100,000 one

warmth or love dwelt within its jail; and 385,000 were taken to the the annual conference, April 1915,

walls. juvenile courts. Nearly 400,000 famirelated to the "duty of parents to

Large rooms and ornate furnishlies are broken annually by divorce teach their children the principles of ings do not make a house a home. and many other thousands are psythe gospel."Some of the stakes had

Beautifully decorated walls may rechologically shattered although the adopted a home evening for "this verberate only loneliness unless the members continue to live behind the purpose, upon which the children occupants are loving, sympathetic, same front door and walk on the are gathered together once each week and understanding. Happiness and same carpets. Thousands of addito spend the evening with their parsecurity are close companions of famtional homes are lacking in love, in ents, at which time the parents take

ilies which love each other, regardspiritual warmth and understanding, special delight, in teaching them, less of the pretentiousness of the and in kindness. Many children and among other things, the principles of

626 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the gospel."1 President Smith had to combat the evil influences and It could be in the afternoon or in the

told the Saints at conference: temptations which beset them."4 evening and at times could be away

In 1917, Dr. Joseph F. Merrill, of from home for a picnic or some other

A great and important duty devolving the presidency of Granite Stake, at enjoyable activity.

upon this people is to teach their children, quarterly stake conference, stated One of the fundamental reasons from their cradle until they become men that he remembered President Frank for the Family Hour comes from the and women, every principle of the gospel; Y. Taylor's (of the stake presidency) commandment found in the 68th secto it lies as far as endeavor, in theand

telling the people on different occation of the Doctrine and Covenants, instil of to their into the parentspower hearts a love for God, the truth, virtue, sions that they should have a "home verses 25 and 28:

promised that he had andhonesty, honor and integrity to every thing evening"chilas parents have again, inasmuch And 2 observe if they would them that ofthat is good. her stakes in Zion, which or in any this dren

practice faithfully and diligently, that are organized, that teach them not to unfaith of repentance, doctrine the derstand their of family "would no member the First Presi27, 1915, On April of living the in and of the Christ God, Son be in there would that be lost; a issueddency adever communication gift of the the Ghost baptism Holy and by

dressed to presidents of stakes, bishthe homes of the people of this stake the laying on of the hands, when eight ops, and parents in Zion stating that of Zion, a peace and love, a purity years old, the sin be upon the heads of in order to teach the gospel in the and joy, that would make our home the parents.

home and to bring families closer life ideal."5 Elder Merrill went on to to Andpray,theyand shallto walkalso uprightlyteach theirbeforechildrenthe

together they advised and urged the say, "It seems to me we can find one Lord.

evening a week when the family will... inauguration of a "Home Evening"assemble around the hearthstone and In addition to being an ideal place

throughout the Church, at which time make this the most pleasant and proffor teaching the gospel, the Family their fathers boys gather mothers and may is activity for strength- a choice 6 Hour week."of the whole itable time in the teach about and and girls them home family the as a unit ening and in "In added, Merrill then of the the Lord. thus President wordthem They may

learn more fully the needs and requirements every home in this stake of Zion we helping to develop wholesome perof their families; at the same time familiarshould like to have Monday evening sonalities. And this world certainly

their izing children themselves and more families needs and more stable maEvening."7 observed as Home

of principles the with thethoroughly Gosdeser- ture personalities. Divorce and Evening had By 1918 the Home Christ. pel of This Jesus Evening""Home

should be devoted to prayer, singing hymns, become an important movement tion are common in many areas of songs, instrumental music, scripturereading, among the Latterday Saints, giving the world. Thousands of children

family topics and specific instruction on the parents an opportunity to "spend an know little about their parents who of ethical gospel, principles the and on the little outside and take the home inwork the sweet evening under a week life, as well duties problems of as the and interest could be in them. What in family reunion fluence of home to of obligations children parents, the home,

the Church, society and the nation. For and pleasure. All Church workers better to help reduce some of these

the smaller children appropriate recitations, are exempt that evening from other problems than bringing mother, fathstories songs, be introduced. and games may together children in a loving er, and duties."beNight was The Home

of refreshments Light nature such a as may to friendly, atmosphere informal of pleasant the most "one coming largely in prepared the be might be home talk, learn, play together? and of gatherings, growing agreeable and served.

Formality and stiffness should be studimore and more interesting and atTwo boys in their early teens, John ously avoided, and all the family should tractive to every member of the and Rodney, sold newspapers on the participate in the exercises. family."8 streets in a large city during the deThese gatherings will furnish opportunities Again in 1946, the General Authorpression of the 1930's. Their home

for confidence mutual difficult, parents between decided they being very and ities of stressed the the imlife Church children, sisters, brothers between as and to saved enough away. run They getting together of families portance well as give for opportunity of words warntickets to took which buy bus money other. ing, counsel each and strengthening The to their by parents and3 advice state. the outside was them John girls. boys and specific the Society Relief was given

assignment of encouraging, planning, taken in by a faithful Latterday

The First Presidency requested that and supervising the "Family Hour"Saint family where he worked and the presidents of stakes and bishops program in Latterday Saint homes matured. This family had daily praythroughout the Church set aside at in all the wards and branches of the er and a weekly home night. John

least one evening each month for this Church in cooperation with other felt secure in the love and warmth purpose and keep that time free of all auxiliaries and the priesthood. In of this humble setting. The other lad

other Church activities. They prom1947 the "Family Hour"was adopted bounced from place to place, never

ised, for those who would obey this as the approved new name for this being so fortunate as to feel the glow counsel, that "great blessings will reactivity with the understanding that from a hearthside encircled by love sult. Love at home and obedience to each family should meet regularly at and acceptance. Where are the two

parents will increase. Faith will be an hour convenient to them, whether boys today? John is a successful

developed in the hearts of the youth it be once a week or once a month. high school teacher, a leader in his

of Israel, and they will gain power Church and community. Rodney is

734. p. mid., in a state prison bars with behind F., 5Merrill, Joseph Improve- "Home Evening,"The of Parents Children,"Improvement x"Duty The

21: 1918. January Era 203, ment 18: 636, Era May 1915.to his years over "hanging twenty 204. eIbid., p.

63637. mid., pp. "'Ibid., 206.

18: 733Evening,"p.Evening,"21: 477, head."Era Improvement Era Improvement The 'Home The 3"Home

734, June 1915. April 1918. {Continued on page 657)

SEPTEMBER 1954 627 "Route From Liverpool To

\J\Jitk Sketches ana

Fredrick

by Doyle L. Green

Conclusion young Artist Fredrick Piercy As crossed the plains with a band l of immigrants in 1853, making sketches of important places along the way to be published by Elder

Franklin D. Richards in a book in

England, he came in contact with the usual hardships and trials of pioneer life—Indians and buffalo, wind,

rain, and mud, hot sand and burning sun, sickness, and death. Of these

experiences he wrote briefly in his journal. But as his purposes were

far different from those of the pioneers, he recorded other things also which may have been of passing interest only to them.

After having gone to Carthage and

Nauvoo he had rejoined the cornBrigham Young, drawn from life.

Chimney Rock.

:,.:'. ",..:..::...

628 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Great Salt Lake Valley"

-recounts VDui

Piercy

MANAGING EDITOR

pany at Kanesville, and when they reached the Missouri River, twelve miles distant, he made the sketch of the "Council Bluffs Ferry and Group COUNTIES IN UTAH of Cottonwood Trees,"which has 1. WEBER 8. JUAB

been colored and used on this month's 2.3. DAVISDESERT 10.9. MILLARDSAN PETE

11. RIVER IRON GREEN cover. Interestingly enough, a large 4.5. SALT GREAT LAKE WASHINGTON

6. 13. UTAH 12. CARSON steel and concrete structure called 7. 14. TOOELE SUMMIT

"The Mormon Pioneer Memorial Bridge,"has been erected over the Portion of map reproduced in the book "Route from Liverpool to Great Salt Lake site of the crossing. In his journal Valley"shows how Territory of Utah looked in 1854.

Mr. Piercy wrote:

"The ferryboats are flatbottomed, the Missouri was about a mile from the young artist demonstrated that he and large enough to carry two wagons the landing, in the vicinity -of 2 could do other things than draw:

of the ordinary size. The starting springs, near the site of Winter Quar- "A serious accident occurred to

point is usually chosen a considerable ters. I paid a visit to the old place, Henry Radnell. He got under his

distance up the stream, so that the and found that some person had set wagon to secure the tar bucket, and current may assist in conveying the fire to the last house that remained very carelessly left his right leg proboats to the landing place on the of the once flourishing settlement."jecting outside the wheel. The team,

opposite side of the river.... The The company crossed the Elk Horn left to itself, started on, and the

camping place on the west side of River on June 13. Three days later {Continued on following page)

Fort Laramie

*f&tt>

:y

lliffilllll:::"::..;Pls:Ii:SB;;':

SEPTEMBER 1954 629 Scott's Bluffs

of the bones in the unbroken leg and "Commenced our day's travel with

Liverpool to the Great the position of the foot, and placed the disagreeable knowledge that we

Salt Lake Valley the right leg and foot in exactly the should have to double team through same position, and kept them so by a deep slough. It proved much worse

(Continued from preceding page) means of two boards which I nailed than our fears, for with many of the wheel passed over his leg and broke together. These, with the aid of thin wagons a triple team was necessary,

it. Learning that something was the sticks or splinters bound round the The men were over their knees in

matter I hastened to the spot, and leg, with abundance of rag, seemed to mud, and how the ladies got through soon saw that if I did not do someanswer the purpose. The continual I don't know and hardly dare conthing for him his chance of getting jolting of the wagon rather retarded jecture. Elder Millerrecommended

his leg set was a very poor one. I his recovery, but I am happy to say me to keep in the wagon as he

therefore took the case in my own he got on very well."thought the mules could pull me

hands, and turned surgeon, although Two days later, on June 18, Mr. through, but when in the mudhole

I had never before seen a broken Piercy again showed that he was it was evident to me that if I relimb. In the first place I screwed up more than a city dandy along for the mained in the wagon there we should

my courage to the sticking place and ride, although it is evident that some stick, so into the mud and slush I bared both of his, legs. I then took members of the company tried to exjumped, and by plying the whip

particular notice of the exact position tend to him special privileges: vigorously I got the team through.

Once in the mud and thoroughly bedaubed I thought I had better make the best of it, so I borrowed an ox whip, which, with putting my shoulder to the wheel, gave me healthful and useful employment until all the wagons were through."

Neither was Mr. Piercy unmoved

by seemingly little things. Even

though his journal was very short, j,< the loss of a silk handkerchief merited; * c, a paragraph:

aSSlSEfe- "Monday, the 11th of July, while *x 11k m camP I la 'd a silk handkerchief;:;-#steWj;:;K h> upon the grass, after washing it, ex-

f*spn pecting thai the sun would dry it in a few minutes, but fortune ordained otherwise. My attention was suddenly attracted to the spot where I

had left it by hearing a girl cry out

Independence Rock 'O look'ee there! If there isn't a

630 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA critter a eatin'something;'and sure

enough there was, for that moment I saw the bright red corners of my best silk handkerchief vanish into a cow's throat. I learned that it was no uncommon thing for these animals to

appropriate such delicate morsels."

Although he made fortyfive drawings which were reproduced in the book, Route From Liverpool to Great

Salt Lake Valley, there was one picture he wanted to paint along the way that proved to be a great disappointment to him. Of this he recorded:

"Wednesday, the 13th (July) In the guides there is a notice of a 'Lone

Tree.'All through the journey the

lone trees had been in my imagination until at last I had associated an interest, a sort of romantic idea, with it, which became quite exciting. I

pictured to myself an old, weatherbeaten, timeworn tree, standing in mournful solitude on a widespread- ing prairie, having to encounter alone the attacks of the elements, with no Devil's Gate companion to share the storm, or help break its fury. I could imagine freshing showers must be melancholy mentary and therefore careful sketch

it on a cold winter's night with its pleasures to a lone tree, for do not of this tree, but I could not find it.

arms bare of foliage, tossing them they prolong its dreary isolation. I Some unpoetical and ruthless hand

in sorrow in the wind, being desolate started off ahead of the companv with had cut it down, so my hopes were and alone. Even sunshine and rethe intention of making a compli- (Continued on following page)

Great Salt Lake SEPTEMBER 1954 631 Liverpool to the Great

Salt lake Valley

(Continued from preceding page) blighted and my occupation was gone."Landmarks of a more permanent nature along the trail gave the artist an opportunity to make use of his "occupation."His sketches of some of

these are reproduced on these pages.

He also made the following written descriptions:

"Saturday, the 16th (July) Travelled 13 miles and camped on the

Platte. Chimney Rock in sight all

day, and Scott's Bluffs in the evening. Heber C. Kimball Jedediah M. Grant

Chimney Rock is on the south side of the Platte, and on my journey Bluffs were in view all day. They "Friday, 22nd (July) Traveled

home I made the accompanying were certainly the most remarkable about nine miles over a good road to sketch of it, engraved on steel, which sight I had seen since I left England. Fort Laramie, and sketched what

is a view taken nearer by three miles Viewed from the distance at which little I could see of it, but not having than could be obtained from the I sketch them the shadows were of time to cross the river, I was unable north side. an intense blue, while the rock ilto obtain a complete view of it until

"Monday, the 18th (July) In the luminated by the setting sun partook my return, when I made that which morning met 27 Elders from Great of its gold, making a beautiful haris used in this work.

Salt Lake Valley on missions. They mony of colour. They present a "Saturday, 30th (July) Left Grease

informed us that they had had a very singular appearance, resembling Wood Creek, and stopped about an quick and an agreeable trip so far. ruined palaces, castellated towers, hour at the Alkali Lakes to obtain

We spent half an hour with them, temples and monuments. In the foresaleratus.... We then proceeded

and then separated, they to the risground of the engraving are seen to the ford of Sweetwater, about a ing and we to the setting sun. Scott's some emigrants hunting the buffalo. (Continued on page 663)

mgmmm Si:.'

Great Salt Lake City in 1853.

632 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA by Joyce Knudsen

Whenat theArleneback presseddoor ofthethebuzzerlittle apartment she expected the door to be opened by a small bustling figure in gingham, radiant with the exciting busyness of new motherhood. It was the father, a boy, really,

who opened the door in a distracted manner, hesitated, and motioned her into the cave of drying baby clothes and unwashed dishes that was the kitchen. From the bedroom came

the crying of a threeweeks-old baby.

Arlene put down the empty cup in her hand and forgot the lame joke about the classic cup of sugar bringing new neighbors together. "Is

something wrong?"she asked.

The boy could not even manage a smile. "Everything at once, I'm

afraid. My wife had an attack of

appendicitis night before last. The

doctor said he shouldn't have to operate if Pat can have a week in bed.

We haven't any relatives here and

I can't get a whole week off from work.""Oh, I'm so sorry. I've only met

your wife two or three times since you moved in and when I came in last week to see the baby everything seemed to be going so well."

From the bedroom the girl called shakily, "Johnny?"

"It's Mrs. uhLow, honey. Listen,

did you get out of bed to stop the baby crying?"

He started down the little hallway. An emergency was no time for

conventions and Arlene followed.

The girl was in bed, holding the baby guiltily, her pretty face a mask of illness and despair. Gone was The girl handed up the small bunbe glad to take him for a few days

the young shyness of a few weeks dle gratefully. When Arlene laid until your wife can get on her feet

ago. She looked to Arlene for unhim on a towel on the table he opened again."

derstanding. his eyes and quietly studied her. He looked at her, his young face

For the moment the baby had falWhen she wiped his face he wrinkled mirroring the struggle between worlen asleep against his mother's shoulhis button nose and crinkled his ry and the desire to carry his own der. Arlene bent forward to look at eyes, but he made no sound. load. "Oh, you couldn't do that.

him and her heart lurched. Fat litShe bathed him, a little awkwardly It would be too much work."He

tle cheeks squeezed his eyes into slits but thoroughly, and when she picked hesitated, moved to the bedroom, of concentrated sleep and pressed his him up, soft and clean, she felt an turned back. "She's sleeping. This

tiny mouth into a rosebud. unexpected thrill. is the first time the medicine has had

"Look,"Arlene said, "let me give "I don't suppose you'd consider it,"a chance to work."

him a bath."she said quietly to Johnny, "but I'd (Continued on following page)

SEPTEMBER 1954 633 a

TO EVERYTHING A SEASON

(Continued from preceding page) As she put down the receiver she must make in the life to which they "That settles it,"Arlene said thought, I can do better than that had become accustomed?

gently. "Your wife needs rest. It's there's an extra peach pie in the He grinned around the corner

only for a few days. You bring his pantry. sleepily. "How long does this go

bottles, clothes, and crib upstairs."on?"

She wrapped the baby carefully A rlene fumbled for the lamp switch "Just another five minutes or so.

and started up to her own apart* in the darkened living room. He's nearly finished the bottle."

ment with him. Hugh would be Dropping into a corner of the settee "But for how long?"

pleased when he came home and disshe looked drowsily toward the clock "Oh, just a few weeks really. Then

covered the new boarder. But would and then at the small chubby face in they sleep all night."

he be so pleased when he found out the crook of her arm. "Well, aren't He joined her on the settee, sitting

that there would be a baby of their you the good little boy—sleeping a on the edge of the cushion and peerown next spring? Two or three years whole hour past your two o'clock ing curiously over her arm. After a

it had been since they gave up hope. feeding."moment he chuckled quietly, "For all

How will it be when he realizes he About the time the baby began the world like a baby squirrel, isn't can't dash off to the golf course any dozing with the warmth of a stomach he?"

old time or decide at a moment's nohalf full of milk, Arlene was wakenAs if in protest, the dozing baby tice to take in a concert? ing. Her senses grew pleasantly lifted one small eyelid, still busily

alert to the strange quiet of the apartfinishing off his nocturnal snack.

Tohnny folded the last of the clean ment, the delightful sensation of havThe tiny dark eye stared at Hugh, 'baby clothes into a neat bundle ing the soft little child in her arms. then lazily closed again.

and looked about to see if there was Her heart sank as she heard footThey leaned together, shaking with anything else to go upstairs. He steps in the bedroom. Hugh had laughter. Hugh addressed the imwished he knew where to direct his been amused by the baby's unexpassive little face apologetically.

bitterness. From the long distance pected presence when he came home "Look, Pinocchio, I meant you were

that was only a year ago he could last night, but homeoffice reports mighty cute—those nice fat cheeks,

hear his father's voice: had kept him occupied until nearly and it looked as if you were stowing

"Pat's a fine girl, Johnny, but bedtime. It was then she had told them full of food for the winter."

you're both just too young. You him about their own baby. He had Suddenly solemn he went out to the

don't know the troubles and emergenreally seemed pleased, but how would kitchen.

cies that might crop up."he react to this strange routine of Between the shuffling of dishes

And the determination of his own disturbed sleep and the change it she caught his words.

easy answer! "Because we are young "... just a few weeks, or even a

we'll have resilience and initiative few months. Where's the mustard,

old. we're havethat when won't we hour's Half Arlene? sleep—all

better."adjust canWe that?"right, an maybe anhour—what's

of past the no do Thinking would grinin the doorway appeared He realized. Right good, he he now outthrusting an mischievously, ning

get eggs there were anymust busy—if her. say size toward "To sandwich

refrigerator. if there left in the And your delicious snack of the nothing

weren't, they'd have canned beans;

digestion wouldn't be able to stand he was hanged if he'd let anyone else know of their predicament by going in another twenty years!"

around borrowing eggs. She ducked her head to blink away

the quick tears of delight. "Oh Hugh,

HThrough the dining room window I should have remembered that your

Nora Duncan, who lived across way of life means enjoying everythe street, glanced at the small apartthing in its time. 'To everything

season, is a every there a time to and that was odd—ment block. Now

...: purpose the under heaven. carryhurriedly of Mrs.glimpse Low

ing a baby around a corner of the outside stairs at the back. With Johnny had dressed quietly, after

frank curiosity she watched a few moleaning over Pat's relaxed form to ments longer, then decisively picked touch her forehead. No trace of

up the phone. fever. Walking toward the kitchen,

"I'm sorry to trouble you, my dear. he realized that for the first time in

Is anything wrong with that new two days he had lost the deadly tenbaby?"sion.

After listening she responded, "No With the baby in good hands he wonder the young man's distracted. had been able to concentrate on

Well, I'll take care of the laundry. bringing the apartment back to nor-

I'll go over and round it up after mal. There wasn't an unwashed dish

dinner."{Concluded on page 670)

634 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA EDITOR'S NOTE TAIMAGEALBERTM Albert M. Talmage, brother of

late E. Talmage Elder the James

of has the Twelve,Retired Editor of of Council the rendered a lifetime of service to the sightless the world over—inoutside of the Church, side and

his his counseling andThe Messenger to the Sightless through publishing activities. We feel that

this is a welldeserved tribute to by Irene E. Jones him.

Perhaps no greater tribute can be After attending Brigham Young four officers and three board memaccorded a man than to say of Academy for two years and studybers, Brother Talmage being manhim: "He served faithfully and ing privately at his home, he reager, and his wife, secretary—-a posiwell his fellow men."Such a stateturned to Ogden to teach at the tion which she held until released

ment can be made in all sincerity school for the blind. He held this by death. Under the direction of

about Albert M. Talmage. Gentle, position for three years. this board, Brother Talmage underkind, hospitable, and at the same time While at the school, Mr. Talmage took the missionary tracts, memory

most reticent in giving information was dreaming of and planning a gems, and other Church literature.

for publication regarding himself greater service to his fellow blind. Then, he set about to print the Book

these are the attributes that charFor some time he had been impressed of Mormon. This, however, was a

acterize the lovable retired editor of with the great need for literature for long and tedious job, due to the fact

The Message to the Sightless. the discouraged, adult blind members that he had only a handpress worked

Albert M. Talmage was born in of the Church, who were clamoring by a long lever. His wife read to

England in October 1867. His parfor religious reading matter and enhim from the book, while he cut the

ents joined the Church of Jesus Christ couragement. Braille characters on the plates prior

of Latterday Saints shortly after his Upon leaving the school in 1903, to their being transferred on paper.

birth. When Albert was about six Mr. Talmage took up the work of He had completed only the first and

years of age, he sustained an injury printing. He laid his plan before second books of Nephi when a new

to his left eye which completely deBrother David O. McKay, who was difficulty arose—a change in the

stroyed its vision. Soon afterward at that time president of the Weber Braille system. This stopped the

the other eye became affected and Stake Academy. Brother McKay work on the Book of Mormon.

eventually resulted in total blindgranted him permission to set up a It was at this time, in 1912, that ness. printing machine in a room at the Brother Talmage's mother passed

In 1876, Albert's parents left Engacademy. The laborious task of colaway, and he and his wife moved to

land and came to Provo, Utah. lecting funds to purchase a printing the family home in Provo to'care

There was no school for the blind press was soon underway. By subfor his father.

in this state at that time, and his parscriptions and contributions, the sum While waiting for the controversy ents were reluctant to send him to of seven hundred dollars was colon the Braille characters to be settled an outside institution. They, howlected. and an international system to be

ever, secured some fifteen or twenty In 1904, under the direction of adopted, Brother and Sister Talmage books in line -letter, and Albert taught President Joseph F. Smith, an organconceived the idea of a monthly

himself to read. In 1897 Utah opened ization was incorporated with a magazine to be published for the

a school for the blind at Ogden, charter under state's law known as adult blind, as an adjunct to the Soand Albert entered as one of its first "The Society for the Aid of the Sightciety for the Aid of the Sightless.

students. It was here he met and less."This society was composed of The first issue of this magazine,

later married Miss Sarah which they called The MesWhalen, who was a teacher senger to the Sightless, apin the school. He continued peared in 1912, with twentyhis studies at Ogden for a five copies. It carried current

short time, and then entered items of interest, Church literBrigham Young Academy ature, and doctrinal material.

(now University) at Provo. Since its beginning, up to the

While pursuing his work here, time of Mr. Talmage's retirehe also familiarized himself ment in May 1953, the magawith various systems of readzine has not missed a single

ing used by the blind, as well issue and has been prompt on the date of delivery. Besides

as the different industries purbeing sent to every state in sued by them, such as hamthe union, the magazine now mock making, reed weaving, goes to China, Egypt, Austrabasket-making, chaircaning, lia, Turkey, England, France, etc. He also become expert in Germany, Canada, and Mexico. J

Hinseu (Continued on page 660)the use of the typewriter.—Photo by Ellis O.

SEPTEMBER 1954 635 S WESTWARD by Helen Kimball Orgill

would be a vast burying ground. There were questions to be asked

SYNOPSIS Though his feet were frostbitten, he and answered. Elliot volunteered inPamela Brownlee, a member of the decided on a perilous mission. Turnformation, "President Young likes

Willie handcart company, is on her ing to Joseph Elder he said, "I would David's way with the cattle, so what fiance, to Salt join her City to Lake way fall like you to go ahead with me, Joseph, do you know, he's one of the foreis early Weiler. David an There

and an early, heavy winter. The handand urge the boys who have come men on Antelope Island."Then with

cart campany of 120 carts and five to help us to make more speed."To a twinkle in his eye he continued,

wagons soon encounters difficulties bethe others he gave final orders, "Even President Young isn't going cause of inadequate equipment. Food- "Press on to the nearest place where to make a preacher out of David. I

rationed. are stuffs become scarce and

travel mile, bewood may be found."guess he thinks there's more good each westward With

comes more difficult in the rigorous Captain Atwood took over the preachers than good stockmen."

weather. After making the last crossreins of leadership, difficult as they "Never mind,"smiled Pamela

ing of the Platte River, the company were. With all his strength, all that "we'll have many sons who—

in east Ridge, of Rocky has camped the muster, urged could he com- a he go, molding men's you "There to destitute freezing, condition, unable idea of going the forward. But pany lives before are they even born,"farther. subthe snowstorm As advance

sides, Pamela organizes an afternoon anywhere was finally given up. and they both laughed together.

party as a morale builder for the chilThey settled in their tracks! It was Captain Grant, with a tightening

group. of the the dren Meanwhile, this resin condition that the relief party happiness of the throat, the noted

Salt from cue teams have Lake City them. found reflected faces of reunited in the the their fierce the through inched way

storms and are approaching the camp As the sun was sinking behind the lovers. Reluctantly he spoke, "I

of the pioneers. distant cliffs, several wagons were know you would like nothing better

sighted approaching. The news than to accompany your girl back

spread like wildfire: to the valley, David, my boy, but

Conclusion "They've come! Relief has come!"you and Elliot are listed to go with

last crossing of the Sweetwater "Praise the Lord we're saved."us to the rescue of the other stranded

frostbitten hands companies. We have about a thouThewas reached in a howling blizzard, With bleeding

and they knew it to be waist deep and weakened by hunger and exsand men, women, and children yet in places and a hundred feet wide. haustion, Pamela tottered forward, to bring relief to."

Freezing and starving, they stood her mind clear and her will invinThe weary but still able shoulders irresolute in the snow. Andrew cible. of James Willie were now relieved

Smith, captain of the twenty single "O dear God, there is my David!"of their herculean task. William

women, proved himself to be truly At last came the moment both Kimball took his place to lead the one of God's noblemen; he unhesihad dreamed of after weary months company the rest of the way. The

tatingly carried men, women, and of separation. Pamela found herself rescue party had broken a trail

children on his back in that iceclasped in her David's loving arms. through the deep drifts, and he was

blocked river, until his quivering What sweetness, what a feeling of anxious to capitalize on it by getting body was drooping from exhaustion. security his nearness brought her! started back as soon as possible. But

Desperately trying to keep up his Looking at her bedraggled hair, frosthis urgings fell on deaf ears. They

faith and hope and instil it into those bitten face, toilhardened hands, and sang "Come let us anew, our journey under him, Captain Willie waited wasted frame, he breathed, pursue,"but the warm fires and for the appearance of the promised "My darling, oh my darling, what needed food were too pleasant to relief party. If they were on their you have been through."leave. It was next afternoon before

way, they were certainly not making And with his disarming smile and the company was finally on its way.

fast enough time. If it went on much proud look, he kissed her again and By then another blizzard had come

longer, their present stopping place again. up, and the broken trail was drifted

636 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Desperately trying to keep up his faith and hope and instil it into those under him,

Captain Willie waited for the appearance of the promised relief party.

reported on their return: "The first

night out, our horses wandered into over again. Of chief concern were cozy little cabin. And with open the hills with a herd of buffalo. It

those farther behind, the Martin, arms Serena welcomed her dear was nearly noon before we overtook

Hunt, and Hodgett companies. But friends, the Saunders. them and after several hours ride,

with the delay, provisions were cut we spied a man's tracks in the snow.

down, and disaster threatened even "\17edding plans were soon underUrging our horses forward, we those who had been fed and warmly way for the young people. But came upon the Martin company,

clothed. Indeed that evening proved they had a longer wait than they about two miles from where the road

Sweetwater. for the Platte the leaves Fifof the trip. the worst oneto be anticipated. and Grant Captain had were yards beyond hundred Tollifew Grandfather succumbed. Ateen the faced mountain his Utah men wagon Hodgett of the the the to members farewell sorrowful aver bade

mate of his long and useful life. east with a task of superhuman protrain. Neither of them had moved

portions. they 26, Sunday, October of ProOctober. twentieth since the five day, Next teams were met find to in fasting spent prayer and clothes nearly visions and were gone Salt Cityfrom from Lake then and their in beof will the the out Lord their bodies. off They had worn intervals. aton, appeared more On half. A. Young met Joseph had They for weeks, in slept most and them of ninththe Captain November, four before, at days Devil's Gate. dropped their of been bedding had filled his halted withKimball wagons of These young out run men had the as not they roadside the had by the and weary humanity onweak provisions horses exhausted with and load. the or to carry push strength the Hotel standscorner where now it to wise await the deemed coming to all cheer and could did we We fail in Salt City. Lake WordsUtah of their After companions. getting

the as that forward, was urge them followed.to describe the scene which started Abel Joseph Garr Young and certain of escaping method only to out turned meetHundreds had again, in out spent the day was mendthey them, met death. we When less illfated inthe company, and harnesses. ing and wagons They

miles. for out Old strung men were every an hour,than man, woman, felt for a the growing alarm Edward

and child had been taken into homes Martin company, along with the were tugging at loaded carts, women and treated with a tenderness that wagon trains of William B. Hodgett pulling husbands, weak and ill, with

brought tears of joy. and John A. Hunt. It had been six children struggling through deep

Stephan Weiler was there to meet weeks since the Richards party had snow. We left them at Greasewood

the arrivals and took Pamela and passed them on the plains. Springs, thirty miles back. Each day

her father and brother into their Joseph A. Young and Abel Garr (Continued on page 670)

SEPTEMBER 1954 637 Genealogy Leonard G. Rice

The Ira Rice Line

by Erma Rice

IRA RICE (WHOSE PHOTOGRAPH IS UNOBTAINABLE),

HIS SON, LEONARD GURLEY RICE, AND GRANDSON,

DAVID LEONARD RICE, WHOSE PHOTOGRAPHS TAKEN

FROM OLD PRINTS APPEAR AT THE RIGHT, HAVE EACH

LIVED ON THE THIRTYONE ACRE FAMILY ESTATE AT

FARMINGTON, UTAH. DAVID L. RICE OWNED THE

PROPERTY FOR SIXTYFIVE YEARS AND IT IS NOW

OWNED AND OPERATED BY HIS FAMILY. David L. Rice

genealogical research work I from England and was first known in secure some of her records. She

Inhave found one of the profoundConnecticut in 1632. That was only stated it would be impossible for her

est satisfactions of my life. It is twelve years after the landing of the to send her manuscripts to me, but

a fascinating occupation capable of Pilgrims and was just the beginning that I was more than welcome to absorbing one's complete interest and of the Puritan migrations. His previcome and get all the information she

all of one's time. Often therewards ous life, history, or connections were had or as much as I desired. I beare beyond one's rarest dreams. entirely unknown. It appeared on gan making plans to go to Hartford

Several years ago when my father the surface as if all the research and and stay long enough to copy all was taken ill, I resigned from the temple work that was possible had the family group sheets she had.

secretarial position I held to assist been completed. We became ardent correspondents

him in the administration of his af- I secured the assistance of profesduring this period and I learned that fairs and help nurse him back to sional research workers of the Geneneither she nor her family were memhealth. When he passed away, I alogical Society, and they shared my bers of our Church or knew much

thought that I had reached the end. opinion that the line was at a dead about it, for that matter. Their inTrue, my mother needed me and I end and advised that I choose anterest in genealogy, while it resulted

must take further responsibility in other line to work on. in seeking out the same information

my father's business, but somehow I accepted this advice rather reas we desired, was entirely foreign the light had gone out. luctantly and devoted myself to anto ours. They wanted the bodies of

Quite by chance I became casually other line, but my enthusiasm was their ancestors to rest in peace, but interested in some genealogical regone. My mind kept traveling back their names to live on. To this end

search. My aunt had asked me to to Robert Royce. I decided I would they had devoted their lives. Now,

compile and write a biography of my try again to establish the pedigree through the efforts and beliefs of my grandmother. While discharging this beyond Robert Royce of the United Church, I could assure them their

obligation, I was confronted with States. It occurred to mc that the ancestors might have a chance to

several questions regarding the genHartford Connecticut Library might live on forever in eternity.

ealogy of the Rice family. My inhave some helpful information and Before I had completed arrangequiries finally led me to the offices I presented my problem to them. ments to leave for Hartford, it ocof the Genealogical Society in Salt They replied that they could not curred to me that I might be able to

Lake City. give me the information I requested get the Genealogical Society to micro-

I found that a great deal of work but referred me to Helen Elizabeth film Miss Royce's records if she would had already been done on the Ira Royce of Hartford, Connecticut. I consent. I was ready to call on them

Rice line, my greatgrandfather's, immediately wrote her and found her and see what could be done when a by different members of the family. to be a genealogical enthusiast, havcousin visited me and told me that

In fact, they had established the ing spent a considerable portion of Brother A. F. Bennett had informed

pedigree of Ira Rice back to Robert her life in the work. Her father behim the society had filmed the recRoyce of Connecticut. When the fore her had devoted years to the ords of a certain Helen E. Royce. He

branch of the Royce family of which study. Neither of them had peneasked if I knew what records they

I was a descendent moved from Contrated the curtain beyond this counwere and if they concerned us. I

necticut to New York, the name was try, but they had completed family was overjoyed. I told him I thought

more or less accidentally changed to group sheets for nine generations all they were the records we knew of and

Rice due to spelling used on some of in the United States. would be a great blessing for the

the deeds to various parcels of propHere was indeed a find. Here Rices if our surmise was correct.

erty. would be hundreds of names where I immediately visited the GeneRobert Royce was believed to have I had but one. I wrote asking her alogical Library and found the film

been a Welshman but had sailed what arrangements I might make to {Continued on page 655) 638 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA GROW with BYU

There is a reason why Brigham Young

University is the fastest growing university in western America: Latterday Saint

students from every state and abroad recognize it as THEIR Church university where they can learn to live as well as make a living. Plan NOW to attend.

Note These Dates Sept. 2023 Freshman Orientation

Sept. 2425 Registration

Sept. 27 Classes Begin

Write the Registrar for Information

Brigham Young University PROVOUTAH—Photograph by Monkmeyer

The young people were relaxed and at ease with each other.

should be honored for her labors in

The Family's behalf, he was unable to enter into the spirit of the rehis brother irreverently NO LONGER union. As

kept whispering to him, "What is all this? So we do have a half a hundred

cousins, so what?"STRANGERS As he looked at the several huddles

of the group, the small family units seemingly anxious to become one with by Grant H. Redford all the other projections of the patriarch who had died fifty years ago,

he wondered more than ever what he was doing there. Do they really

feel some acknowledgment or exultation standing together here under these trees, or are they here gathered by the hand of duty like himself?

he people were gathered among house, his childhood home, as they What, after all, were any of them doII the trees, smiling and eying each prepared the lunch of fried chicken ing there, selfconscious, fumbling, other expectantly, their children, because his mother remembered that waiting for the word that would make now at the first, hovering shyly, waitfried chicken had been their childmeaningful their blood relationship?

ing for the newness, the strangeness hood favorite and insisted over mild Every year for six years since the to fall away so they could run, chasprotests that it still was, she had told clan had been gathering, he had reing each other over the grass and him to his surprise, even amazement, ceived an invitation to attend. A

around the trees, stopping to say that that there were over nine hundred formal, mimeographed letter the first they were cousins and how far they descendants of her father, his grandtime explained that "For a long time had come to be there. father. She had gathered the infornow, we, descendants of Charles

"Why did I let myself get roped mation over a period of three years, Wesley Dodge, have felt that we into this?"he asked himself as he and The Family, equally surprised by should get together... to honor his

crossed into the boundaries of the the facts, had chosen this reunion to great and good work and to get park where the reunion was being honor her both for her work and for acquainted ourselves. There must be

held. All those friendly, hesitant, being, as the oldest living child of at least a few hundred of us who are

stranger faces! He arranged his own Charles Wesley Dodge, the symbol unacquainted with the others of

features, trying to achieve the casual, of The Family. us "

even friendly set which he assumed Though Paul was impressed by And for six years he had ignored was necessary for one of The Family. the mathematics of human multiplithe invitationannouncements even

The night before at his mother's cation, and pleased that his mother (Continued on page 642) 640 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA There's no substitute for

Conoco Super Gasoline with

The Greatest Gasoline Development in 31 Years

1. TCP will boost your car's power as much as 15%

(because it neutralizes powerrobbing lead deposits).

Only TCP 2. TCP will give you increased gas mileage

guarantees you (motorists report up to 3 more miles per gallon).

the full benefits of the greatest 3. TCP will increase sparkplug life up to 150%

gasoline development (because it actually fi reproofs your spark plugs).

in 31 years!

4. TCP is just like an engine tuneup

(because it lets you use all your car's builtin power).

5. TCP makes it possible for you to enjoy all the extra

Drive carefully. The life you performance of Conoco Su per's higher octane rating.

save may be your own.

Millions have proved it -now prove it in your car! CONOCO

1954, Conoco Soper Gasoline*Trademark owned and patent applied forwithby Shell Oil Company.TCP** ConiContinental Oil Company BSEPTEMBER 1954 V 641

NO LONGER STRANGERS (Continued from page 640) with him, he turned to help his evidence that they, most of them anythough his mother had been president mother, his brother, and sister and way, were thrilled in their quiet way one year and had sent a special invitheir children spread their blankets by joining again with their relatives.

tation each time. and tablecloths on the grass under And from his mother he had learned

He had been the last of the seven the willow trees. Other family groups that many had greeted the first inchildren to arrive, being surprised also were preparing lunch. Great vitation with delight and had come

at the quality of light from the hill numbers of little gray and white bugs eagerly each year. Each year the

on this golden day, and watching all resembling tiny lizards seemed to be number increased. This idea of The

the people, these strangers, his relaeverywhere. Family had embraced more and more

tives, moving hesitantly toward each Over nine hundred of us in this of them. What were they finding

other like goldfish through a crystal clan and about onethird of them here that he could not? It was not that

bowl. The quality of light in the here, Paul thought as he looked he was a teacher, because he knew

mountains—had it been like this around. From one man who came to of many others, teachers, who came.

while he was growing up? Had he these mountains a hundred years ago It could not be that they were coming

forgotten this, too? there are now over nine hundred of to a strange place and thus impelled

The pace was quickening now. us. Well, well, well. He smiled by strangeness, because most of them,

People were calling to each other, because he didn't have any idea of like himself, had been born somethose who knew each other, those what he meant by saying, "Well, where within mountain settlements.

who had attended before and rewell, well."The clear air, the special quality of

membered who was who, what branch While they ate, other groups came sunlight, the quiet of sparsely settled of the ninepronged family each was, to the fringe of the lunching groups. places of his childhood were theirs,

the son or daughter or grandchild, or They in turn spread their cloths, too.

greatgrandchild. noted the bugs, then began rummag-

"Oh, it's so good to. see you,"he ing into boxes for food. They fed T-Tis brother, the one with whom he

heard all around him. They were their children, admonished them, maintained a productive relashaking hands and talking in a noisy, smiled around at the strangers who tionship by phone, by mail, and ocenthusiastic way. were their relatives eating nearby, casional meetings over the years, was

"Oh, is this your first time?"several seeming to say to themselves, "This speaking to him in a low aside to

were saying to each other, pleased is the reunion. This is what we came hold it from their mother. "Never

that others had been remiss, pleased for."again, Bub. Never again."

that they were remiss no longer. But why couldn't he feel as they But he, like Paul, was to be on the

The introductions, the handshakseemed to do? All around him was (Continued on page 651)

ings, and now the children running around and the parents calling that they should not go too far.

"Don't go too far...."He heard

it now again in the twilight of an evening in childhood—his mother

calling across the street into this same park in the golden quiet. He

and his brothers and sisters and neighbors were playing hideand- seek in the bushes and trees. Not a

sound was heard, not a leaf fell, not a step impressed the damp emerald grass. He was "It"and had just begun his search.

"Don't go too far...."Then it

was easy to know what the call meant.

But now. What now? Here he was

in the same park. And again the

call of parent to child, and child to child. Was he still "It"and still on

the search? If so, were all the others

around him now equally "It"and caught in the search?

A good many of them, so it seemed anyway, had found what they were looking for—the affirmation of being

with relatives, of belonging to a group.

Announcing to himself that his—A Lambert Photo

thoughts were beginning to run away Every year for six years the clan had been gathering...

642 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA n

Follow Cougar Football on KSL Radio... Hear Dean Bennett "playby-play"

BYU's football fortunes against rugged skyline and intersectional foes.

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY FOOTBALL SCHEDULE

1954—Sept. 18 New Mexico University Provo 8:00 p.m.

Sept. 25 Arizona State of Tempe Provo 8:00 p.m.

Oct. 2 Colorado A & M Ft. Collins, Colo. 8:00 p.m.

Oct. 9 University of Utah Provo 8:00 p.m.

Oct. 23 Montana University Missoula, Mont. 2:00 p.m.

Oct. 30 Utah State College Logan, Utah 1:30 p.m.

Nov. 6 Denver University Denver, Colo. 1:30 p.m.

Nov. 13 Wyoming University Provo, Utah 1:30 p.m.

Nov. 20 Idaho University Boise, Idaho 1:30 p.m.

SEPTEMBER 1954 643 Mrs. Reed H. Richards and her six adopted children, Kerry Lynne, front left; Larry, Fawn, Barry, and

Reeda; from left; back row, Mrs. Richards and her first son, Lee.

they ever get around to handing

If out Oscars for outstanding success in the role of parenthood, Family Portrait

Aurelia Pyper Richards ought to have one. She has dedicated herself by Gordon T. A lireJ

with extraordinary devotion to the part she undertook many years ago, and in the eyes of the six who call Tenyear-old Lee, blond and usubut of Kerry Lynne and Reeda, aged her "Mom"she's a top performer. ally a little tousled, has a passion six and eight. They're a bright misThough the children perhaps apfor experimenting with the electric chievous looking pair, both always

preciate her most when she's in the fixtures that sometimes keeps the servcharmed to escort a visitor through act of taking a fresh batch of cookies ice erratic for days at a time, and their twelveroom house.

out of the oven or reading them a Aurelia worries over his wet feet and The rooms are spacious and bright, story, a more disinterested observer his total disregard for wind and with a large fireplace in the living is likely to find her even more charmweather. room, and the walls are adorned with

ing in her rare moments of repose, "At least,"she says, "he carries his oil paintings created by Aurelia, who when she takes time out, for instance, galoshes home in his hands and that's says she has been painting ever since to cuddle the baby. It is at such a better than floating them down the she can remember.

time that one realizes how alike are canal. That's what the twins, Larry Bookshelves containing a variety

the two pairs of alert, dark eyes, the and Barry, did once in the fall,"of publications, including many books black hair, the warm olive skin, and she explained, "only the boots didn't on the gospel, line the wall on each then recognizes with a touch of surfloat!"side of the dining room doorway. A

prise that the child is Indian by birth. "Ten dollars'worth of galoshes copy of the Book of Mormon lies

"The older children all resemble sank in that experiment,"she said within easy reach on a cabinet top

Reed,"Aurelia laughs, "and I ruefully. below.

thought it was about time we got one If you stay around the Richards'In a day when it is becoming fashit isn't long until you'll ionable to have few or even no chilthat looked like me. We have her residence,

have made the acquaintance not only dren at all, a family of eight isnow—Fawn we've named her, and

we think she's very special."of Lee and the rambunctious twins, (Continued on page 646)

644 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA How much are Standard's owners paid?

75 y63rS agO one of the companies from which Standard Oil

Company of California grew was formed by five men. In those

days smaller communities and simpler needs could be served by concerns owned by one man or a small group. They furnished all the money—they kept all the profit, too. But the

West grew tremendously, and we've grown up with the West.

fi

: f).;ri;<&..:;

i> usees':Wcd

ittVfiiQii. 2.4C

ajpscfe iivSfi AilAlSifi;4.:: S>U:-u- ir-;>

Today, nO One man could pay for all the oil fields, nesses. These are our sole proprietors—we are

refineries, and other equipment Standard needs to neither owned nor controlled by any of the Standard serve you well. These investments are shared among companies in the East. Like the proprietors of any

Standard's 112,000 owners. About 97% of these company, these shareholders receive the profits from

shareholders are private individuals like you—intheir business. Each dollar they have in Standard is

cluding 12,000 Standard employees, our largest single now earning approximately 10 a year. Only about

group of owners. In addition, 293 schools and uni- 5 of this is paid to them in cash. The remainder is

versities are owners of Standard, along with 224 plowed back into the business to bring you even churches and religious organizations, 165 hospitals better products and services... to stay ahead of

and medical groups, and 1889 small and large busicompetition and keep pace with your needs.

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA

SEPTEMBER 1954 645

New Tips (Continued from page 644)FAMILY PORTRAITwith enchantment, and quietude.

forest, reof tangle surrounding regarded interest. If six The with unusual

plete maples, cottonwoods, with of that family by adopare members on Home

Canning tion,line news.their situation is almost headcedars,shows andthe a needvarietyforof othersome growth,manly

Aurelia Richards, youthful looking pruning and tidying but gives promise of cool and privacy during the by \jM$m doll and attractive, considers each of her six adopted children a special blessheat of summer. "I even love the

ing. When Reed Richards departed weeds,"Aurelia. remarks with an expression of fondness.LIGHT LUNCH OR SUMPTUto undertake his duties in Tokyo,

in having a child theyOUS SPREAD—THERE'S JUST where he now holds the rank of Their joy

call their own was obscuredNOTHING LIKE HOMECANNED lieutenant colonel, one member of his could giving for first RELISHESPICKLES three the AND Lee months—when family expressed of feeling the lonefor

flavoreverything wonderful a Put tangy afflicted a severe stomach with was liness all shared statethe with by more! SAVE more—andup more—savor verge kept on the which malady him ment, stomach wants "Mamma, my cost of canning your Average

of death. back!"Daddy fruits or veghome-grown own

etables is estimated at about Perhaps a less resolute woman than Lee weighed only seven and a half 3 a quart—for heat, cap and Aurelia would have quailed at the pounds when Reed arrived home

jar (based on jarlife of 8 years) prospects of, singlehanded, caring from overseas in 1943. His cries

for a baby and five young children, were incessant, day and night, and the Richardses feared for his life.Look for the ENAMEL Lining! but she has more important things

To expert canners the to do than feel sorry for herself. Patriarch Ross Taggart of the Granite

creamwhite enamel linTheir small, fiveroom bungalow Stake gave him a special blessing,

Lids Balling on Dome to conimprove. His began he and scant gave for a growing room famprotection. extrameans better dition gradually from became ily, the and surrounding neighborclean-looksmooth,This on. point that far hood, too urban, the cramped surface pr eventsing inner

corrosion. Folks, too, prefer the seal they children's boisterous style. Thus, At three and a half, Kerry Lynne

can See... Ball Dome down, jar sealed. the need, as Aurelia put it, was a was brought to the family by a welworker. there stood As the childTo be sure, say Ball Dome Lid! in "country place fare the home city"—a strange in her with new surroundings, far give out to plenty enough of room,

As You Like It but within easy distance from town. people, Lee put his arm around her

When canning apple sauce, add a few This she found, much to her elation, lovingly and said, "Wouldn't you drops of mint or cloves—or a couple of while traveling one day along Highlike to stay with us for always?"

forsticks a of wonderful as cinnamon—she responded. As far "Uhhuh,"land Drive southeastern fringe on the

flavor. red vegetablespicysweet And the Richardses concerned, that were of Salt City. sign said Lake One color! will give it invitingcoloring

to simple statement enough was "for sale."sign read Another

Sort Those Jars "Wishing Villa."qualify her for membership. Fawn was adopted while the famLook over your old jars and elimi- "Wishing Villa,"she thought.

nate those with nicks! Count how "Maybe this is it!"And so it proved ily was residing at an army post,

many new Ball Mason Jars you'll to be. At the time she was not despite the fact that a welfare worker

need to replace them—plus those aware that the home and grounds had stated it would be virtually imyou'll want for that extra bit of had once been patronized as a place possible for Latterday Saints to adopt

the time yourcanning. to buy Now's there. prior baby days a few Only of. beauty recreation, and and a

jars Jars, that theBall Mason ONLY to arrival Fawn's Aurelia dreamed credited as of the scenic one show Lids. Ball withcome Dome that a beautiful Indian came woman places in Salt City. rear In the Lake

to her with a baby, urging, "Please are picnic tables located among -To -Do BookNew How her!"take groves; to the small, wooded side is a fascinatingIn this new

book, "101 New Uses for latticed playhouse, which was forWhile the other three adoptions

Ball Jars and Fittings,"merly a place for souvenirs and rewere accomplished less dramatically, you'll learn how Ball Jars freshments. Further back are sheds perhaps, each seemed to the Richgive yearround use in and a root cellar; beyond this, a big ardses to have flowered out of their

many new ways. For garrecreation barn, still used for square own heartfelt desire.

fishing,dening, workshop, dancing. family, This their through LDS to:doit-yourself projects Send 25 (coin)

"It's all so wonderful,"Aurelia precept example, exerted and a strong Co.,Dept. E94, Ball! Brothers

Box 1201, Chicago 77, Illinois. said, as she described it. "We simply influence on their friends at the army

couldn't perfect post. place have a more colonel a sedate One day, from 1954BALL BROS. GO. for the children. place whole in his stood The next door front yard

is a playground, and back there,"smoking a cigaret. Larry, one of

pointing fifty yards distant, "they the twins, though young, had been can make forts, dugouts, and anythroughly schooled in the Word of thing else they want. Wisdom, and much to his parents'

A feathery, fourinch snow could, embarrassment, upon observing the one realizes, cover the entire area (Continued on page 648) 646 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA It's the time for home canning.

is ready and in plentiful Gotyourpeaches? Fall fruit

supply. Order your canning sugar

today. Sugar not only acts as a Gotyourpears?

sweetening agent, but helps to preGetyour serve the natural flavor, shape, and texture of fruit. Make sure you

buy pure U and I Sugar.... For

your home canning, you can't buy

a finer, purer, whiter sugar anysugar where.

Its performance has been tested in

tens of thousands of homes and

found perfect for every sugar use.

When at your grocer's, always buy

U and I Sugar-

fc---*'''

fj'-l

SUGflR

estljjtr

SEPTEMBER 1954 647 UTAH'S FIRST CHARTERED SAVINGS BANK Family Portrait

(Continued from page 646) colonel, furrowed his brow and queried, "Don't you know you aren'tLOANS supposed to smoke?"FOR REMODELING

RENOVATING with"Whyer-no,"a slight raisingthe ofcolonelthe eyebrows.replied,

not, I ask?"why DECORATING "And, maysimple—"Because answer was The YOUR HOME Heavenly Father doesn't like it."

Without a word, the astonished colonel threw his cigaret to the ground, stamped on it, and beat a hasty retreat to the confines of his own home.

Fast All the children, with the excepFriendly tion of Fawn, realize that they are

Service adopted and are frequently impressed

LOWEST thatby theirthey legalare beingparentsobservedwith andthe mustfact

RATES be good examples in order that others may not be prejudiced regarding the practice of adoption.

Life is rich and happy for the

Richardses, but various problems confronting Aurelia during her husband's absence require fortitude and limitless patience. Keeping a coal & TrustDAVID O. McKAY,CompanyPRESIDENT furnace functioning, repairing leaky

South Temple & Main. Salt Lake City Member Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. taps, paying bills, seeing to the

business of feeding and getting the children to bed on time are onlv a

Few examples. "If they weren't all

so nearly the same size,"she sighs, ''the clothing problem might not be so difficult. Lee's knees are alHAMMOND ORGANS

his pants, outside no matter how HAVE BEEN INSTALLED IN FIVE L.D.S. CHAPELS ways

I patching do."much

IN OUR AREA DURING JUNE AND JULY, 1954 The Richardses'testimony of the divine calling of Joseph Smith and

MIDVALE 2ND the consequent restoration of the gos- (East Jordan Stake) pel is a strong one—and has continually stimulated them in Church

PEOA activities. Brother Richards is active

(South Summit Stake) in the branch in Tokyo, along with

KEMMERER his assignment in the Army, and (Woodruff Stake) Sister Richards has been outstanding

GENEVA 1ST and 2ND as a leader and teacher ever since (Orem Stake) her childhood.

She launched her religious pursuits

HIGHLAND early as a teacher of Junior Sunday (Alpine Stake) School. Later, she majored in secondary education and instructed

ASK THEM WHY THEY SELECTED HAMMONDS Gleaners. From that point, she

THEIR ANSWERS WILL BE CONVINCING. progressed to the position of ward

Mutual president. Other offices have

included activity counselor of a stake, principal of a junior seminary, and GLEN BROS. MUSIC CO. theology teacher for the Relief So2546 Washington 74 South Main 57 North University ciety. For nearly fifteen years she

OGDEN SALT LAKE CITY PROVO has served as a guide on Temple

Square, "And would have served even longer if Uncle Sam hadn't taken (Continued on page 650) 648 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA nFOF GENERALfiFNFRAI MILLSMIIIS W

"Its the sourcream buttermilk in the mix that makes Sperry pancakes taste so good

Never before could you make such delicious sourcream, buttermilk pancakes. It's a simple

new Betty Crocker method. Easy directions

are on the Sperry Pancake & Waffle Mix package. Try them. You'll get lighter,

better tasting pancakes than ever before.

PANCAKE & WAFFLE MIX 'SPERRY"AND "BETTY CROCKER"ARE REGISTERED TRADEMARKS

OF GENERAL MILLS. INC.

SEPTEMBER 1954 FAMILY PORTRAIT

(Continued from page 648) thoughtful look came into her eyes, us away periodically,"she says. At "Just the things all parents want

present, she is also instructing Junior for their children,"she said. "EduGleaners. cation, friends, security—but above

When questioned as to her future all, the attitudes that make them good aspirations and hopes for her six, Latterday Saints."

Aurelia paused briefly, while a Note: This article was written some

\Jn Ljettma vvriat

lA/e Ar5k l/or...

Richard L. Evans

IVFo doubt we have all observed children with an intense "desire to have something they see right now—something

that they have their hearts set upon. And for the moment

life seems very unhappy if they can't have, right now, what they want. But patience is one of the lessons of life that

must be and a sound sense of values; learned—patience

patience and an awareness that there are some things that won't matter so much tomorrow as they seem to matter today. Perhaps all of us at times set our purposes upon things

that later don't seem to matter too much—and forget some

things that matter much more. There is evidence, as we

move through life, of a shifting sense of values. A child

plays with a toy for a while—a toy he thought he had to

have to be happy—and then tires of it and tosses it aside

and turns his attention to something else which in turn is also tossed aside. And in this the child is not so different

from adults. Some of the things we insist upon, some of

the things we feel we have to have, aren't in perspective, what they seemed to be—and sometimes some of the most

sobering lessons of life are the lessons we learn when we get what we ask for—when we get what we insist we have

enjoy easy, to have to be happy. It was Paul who wrote "for we know

beautiful ironing not what we should pray for."* Often we know not what we

save money, too! should want; we know, not what we should ask for, what

give often what our lives should we we get when we to—and Ready just add to use—it really wasn't learn that what thought wanted we we water. farther Goes

because it's extra rich! we should have wanted, but somehow we couldn't see it

Clean, springfresh sooner—despite the wisdom, which, if we had listened, would

fragrance. Ironing's have warned us away. Life here moves quickly—and with

much easier, and so all of its promises, and pleasures, and possibilities, these easy on you. Makes swiftly moving days are but the brief prelude to limitless and

washables look and everlasting possibilities that lie beyond. With all our reachfeel like new. Get

QUICK ELASTIC ing, with all our wanting, with all our using of time, with

LIQUID STARCH today! all our running deep into debt, we would well remember not

to overreach ourselves, not to let our hearts become too set for hot or cold starching on things which, if we had them, would not assure our hapat lowest cost piness—and which might make us miss the things that enGet QUICK ELASTIC dure, the timeless things, the things that matter most.

Dry—the MODERN

Powdered Starch.

NO cooking! 12 oz. Uke Spoken lA/ord from temple square

package makes 20 PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING quarts at about SYSTEM, JULY 11, 1954 340 each. Copyright, 1954

Romans 8:26.

650 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA time ago. We called Aurelia's father,

George R. Pyper, before going to press,

to ask him to bring it up to date for us:

The following are his words: "Lee, the "It is with pride and pleasure that I can

highly. the recommend Baldwineldest, eleven years old last was March;

after Electronic careful Organ..... a will be tenReeda in August Barry and investigation of study and many

and Larry eight; Kerry Lynne will be of different makes including the variousorgans

eight in September, and Fawn will be pipe organs... our committee selected

three in December. Aurelia and the the Baldwin Organ."

children joined Reed in Japan in August 1953. She wrote that the trip took Music Supervisor of Teton County Schools,

eleven and a half days on the water, Member of Teton Stake Presidency.

and she was sick twelve of them.

Aurelia has many talents and a tremendous amount of energy, having "The Baldwin Organ, Model 10...

written a book length story of their life purchased from you a year ago, has given from just before they adopted their first usformanceentire andsatisfaction,upkeep.both.. fillsas toall perour

child up to the time she left for Japan, needs admirably."

and she has had one song published.

Both Aurelia and Reed are very active in the mission there, where Reed is Chairman Instrumental Music, serving as branch president."Utah State Asricultural College

No Longer Strangers "Our young people enjoy playing the organ... it's easy to play... proven to

(Continued from page 642) be very economical during the past two program briefly. The bloodless hand years since its installation."

of duty had a grip on him, too, and he was restive. He had attended two

years previously, however, the year Bishop Santa Clara Ward their mother had been president.

He'd had a good time then, he'd said and probably would be enjoying himself now except for his reluctance to appear on the program.

"piLLED with food, the children were BALDWINELECTRONIC ORGANS more at ease and the parents were relaxed and jolly in their companionship with each other. Occasionally a burst of laughter or a Model 5 Model 10

shrill "Oh, no,"would announce that someone had just recognized someone not seen for fifteen years and THE BALDWIN PIANO COMPANY, Dept. 1E94, CINCINNATI 2, OHIO

momentarily forgotten. "Why, I

remember you when—"and the voices BUILDERS OF: BALDWIN GRAND PIANOS ACROSONIC SPINET PIANOS

would mix with laughter, and peoHAMILTON VERTICAL PIANOS BALDWIN AND ORGASONIC ELECTRONIC ORGANS ple would be embracing each other.

They all stopped to speak to his mother, and then they would turn to him and his brother and sister. He

was surprised, startled rather, when By four or five turned from his mother Dr. John A. Widtsoe

and said, "And this is Paul. I rememPROLOGUE

ber you when you were only this This is the story of a woman, high."Or, "I remember you when a seeker after truth, who, tossed

you were in school,"or "I've heard of by the waves of mysterious fate, what fine teaching you are doing."wasand carriedcaught intoby thea fargospelcountry,net,

And he found himself remembering where, through the possession of some of them, and he found himself eternal truth, though amidst warming and chatting. A cousin had muchily foundadversity,unboundedshe andhappiness.her famcalled before he left his home on the This is her saga.

coast asking to be remembered to her This book ought to be family. "Tell them we couldn't get in your home library

away now, but we'll see them later AT YOUR in the summer."He found himself BOOK $]75 STORE

(Continued on following page) SEPTEMBER 1954 651 No Longer Strangers (Continued from preceding page) hunting out the cousin's family and recalling and recalling....

A man came toward him smiling and holding out his hand. For a

startled moment it was as if Paul were stepping forward to meet himself, so much was the other his build, colorWENT ing, and gait. "Hello, Paul, I'm

Robert, a cousin, son of your mother's sister, Lucinda."YOU Robert, chairman of the committee

which had arranged The Family TRIED IT? recognitionten that he ofwashisa mother,lawyer, hadthat writthey

had never met, but that he had once tried to visit Paul during a bar conJust one taste tells you why more vention in Paul's city.

and more Western homemakers are "Well,"Paul's brother was saying tastes that so to this milk switching with less belligerence than when they it improves so good good. It tastes

all your recipes—gives them a richer had arrived, "Half the people here

flavor, smoother texture. Try Morning look like Charles or Mother or even

Milk today. you. That character who just left

looks more like you than you."

Good laughed."Handsome, isn't he?"Paul

"He is,"the brother said, punching Paul on the shoulder. "But MORNING MILK

—Born and Raised in Utah whatthis hook.I wantWhat'sis to getthe ourselvesword? Twooff

hours from now after a halfdozen chapters of dull history?"

"Right,"said Paul. "After only

two or three chapters of dull history? harvest perpetual—about us."He looked at his

brother. give "Don't me that stuff. Their

their history."in TRIBUNELAND history's

Washing king sized russets for Yeah, Paul said to himself. Whose

is "It"after the tables of New York... Dressing historyall? is whose? Who

golden gobblers for America's The program was beginning now,, feasting days... Or draiving the introduction of family heads and

oil from the earth's core and they in turn introducing their chilIt third generation. to the dren down

minerals from its shallower pockets entertaining,, exactly not was long and... The harvest never ceases but almost everyone listened, though

in the Intermountain Empire, on the edges were some who conProgress moves with giant strides tinued to chat apart until Paul's brother said, "They're an impolite across this fourstate land, bunch, aren't they?"

faithfully reported and vigorously Paul smiled, noting that his brothersupported by The Salt Lake wanted attention paid to those hisTribune, the Newspaper that serves tories in which he had said he had no interest.

Tribuneland in all its length Following the introductions came and breadth. the papers and an eulogy of the forebear of them all, Charles Wesley

Dodge. The papers had not been ffe Mt iakt ffibtitw

prepared with much narrative skill,,

One of America's Great Newspapers nor were they delivered with stimulating vitality. But watching around,

him, almost playfully to see if coun- (Concluded on page 654) 652 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Only Certo and

SureJell [)eelins

FLAVOR- "GUARD

jeljies your jams and

you get mom natural fruit flavor and Qufe results every time.!

OOOOOOOOOOOOOODOOO 'Now be absolutely sure of luscious, freshfruit flavor.

Use Certo or SureJell. Only they can "FlavorGuard'* CERTO OR SUREJELL

your jams and jellies—and here's why: Takeuid oryourpowderedchoice—anaturalliq-

'With Certo or SureJell natural fruit pectins you fruit pectin product!

boil your fruit just one minute, saving precious natural fruit flavor.

The only pectins coded for freshness are Certo and

SureJell. You know they are fresh when you buy

them. This guarantees perfect results every time

when you follow the recipes exactly.

Get ready to make the best jams and jellies ever. Get

Certo or SureJell at your food store now!

HOMEMADE JAM9 AND JELUEQ TASTE BEST...COST LESS! Products oi General Foods

SEPTEMBER 1954 653 NO LONGER STRANGERS (Concluded from page 652) bors, there were yellow roses along terparts of his own sons might be the path to the front door. We were

there, he became aware that all the second family to ever live on excepting youngsters below the age that land. Mother did not plant

of nine or ten were listening. They those roses; the first family had done

had all moved in now, and for the that, but she tended them. And all

first time during the day the dethe summer their scent was warm scendants of Charles Wesley Dodge around and through the house bewere as one and listening as one. cause Mother cut them and placed

And Paul found himself listening, them in the rooms. So today, fifty

too. Listening and watching the years later, my twelveyear-old son

faces of The Family. Among them will present his grandmother this

were moneyed and poor, day laborbunch of yellow roses which are to ers, doctors, lawyers, farmers, stenogher from her sons and daughters, and

THEY DO TASTE SO MUCH BETTER raphers, teachers, representatives of perhaps from her to her father who -AND THEY'RE SO EASY TO MAKE! every condition of today's world, a is the grandfather, greatgrandfather

ARGUin THERE'S world themselves, fact. in And and greatgreat- grandfather of The NO. homemade

best are the they all MENTjam and carried the of mark Family."The

(cost that canjellies. be. made

less, too); no trick and it's Family, of Charles Wesley Dodge. Is that what his brother had been

all at with them to make Paul himself found listening, It curious that, to saying? JAM Paul amounted

that M.C.P.PECTIN JELLY dependableAND interested. and the Here eliminates saves oldfashioned so was guesswork, shape people, sure. the So was when all

of In and effort. jams, much of one family. man's Here wonderful provides nolonger-strangers, to the M.C.P. among began now timePECTIN the twocase

—methods exclusive and the the regularnew cookedM.C.P. jamuncookedrecipes, these scattered and gathered was applaud and be glad, Paul was, too.

process'of all. best that the jams makes With also. himself the Here were answers close a feeling looked with around still fresh available, He can the many you

of a supply jams goodfruits make homemade himself: did from? he Where come to love on he and knew jellies this all whom—to season. stilland don't forget But

can theremakeare alsoyear wonderful'round withjamsM.C.P.and jelliesPECTIN:you Where was he going? And here asall he did not know. And they looked luscioustime withuncookedfrozen berries;berry jams'sparklingmade jelliesany sembled was the answer—or part of at him in return, all of them into one

with bottled made delights joy the of homemadefruit juices,jamsetc. andSo. jellies,.. enthe answer. The other part lay hidbody now, crowding in to shake his

easily so made and economicallv, summer

... winter with dependable M.C.P. JAM ANDor den in the family of his own father: mother's hand, to embrace her, to

JELLY PECTIN! two grandfathers a hundred years embrace The Family.

ago wrestling the thin earth near the And he knew why he'd come, what, streams the along continental backunconsciously, searching he'd been

FRUIT MAKE REFRESHING DRINKS EVEN a big bone of country, looking for for. duty, nor an easy It was not MORE ENJOYABLE, MORE WHOLESOME!

their their God, holding up hands loan, nor a nostalgic sharing of the frozen LIKE IF YOU ange, pineapple, with saying, work, of all these past, though were part juice cord grape and... we'reConor- hardsurfaced

it. It was far more elemental. Here evenpretty bettersure you'llby likemakingthem "Here I am, God, my Heavenly

them of M.C.P. into"PECTINextra deliciousFRUITFather."And here he was, Paul, a in very truth was the heartbeat

schoolteacher, a with generally the quiet of help and ADES"himself, of the promise shape and

M.C.P. Yes, JELLY JAM PECTIN. AND retiring that's right! person looking at that himself. With same M.C.P. in his the blood throbbed which PECTIN

use you in jelly jam and making. least of part himself. At wrists, at his multithe throat and Sounds strange,... know but we M.C.P.

gives fine fruit these PECTIN juices an exothers? the listenthey And life, plicity possibility of of his Were and tra smoothness that and "body"make them

tasty. extra Extra too, for wholesome, you for ing the reason? Regardless same lives. his children's the add healthfulness known of to pectin that

of fruit the juice. These M.C.P. their of "PECTIN their wellbeing, economic next the anyear Maybe when FRUITADES"{and M.C.P. "PECTIN

are special a successes, they, too, for development looking were around, be he'd nouncements came LEMONADE")of the... M.C.P. Kitchen Laboratory and you

can the have recipes like without themselves a in writstranger charge a strange by to too or too attend. broke busy But

ing.M.C.P. Laboratory, Calif. Anaheim, You'll

find these place asking, beverages I?"are real little a treat try clarity for in hilltop... a the "Who while am

them!

Now it was time for him and his of this day, golden as in childhood, brother, their brief moment among he'd looked and had seen himself,

EVERY DAY THERE'S A USE FOR THIS strangers who were their Family, to who he was, why he was, an intensiCONVENIENT, ECONOMICAL PRODUCT! speak of their mother, the oldest livfied vision of his past, present, and

THE... fewYEARthings 'ROUNDhave as ing child of Charles Wesley Dodge, future.

many out, as uses,lemonjuice—day in and dayin who had compiled the records of his In an uncertain world, he said to

salad dressings, in cooking descendants, thus touching all of himself, smiling, that is something.

and baking, for lemonade, as a "tonic"in a glass of them with the truth of their existence, Reaching out, he took his mother's water, etc. convenient, The

their sister their economical addresses, his to occupabrother names, hand. Joining these wav daily is and needs

M.C.P. it's CANNED for JUICE, LEMONmeet tions, their places in children, the always started they the anonymity ready for and instant use, home costs less than

homesqueezed juice. M.C.P. JUICE LEMON all of history, their in places others, himself, Family, the each with an The pure, fullstrength, unadulterated, isrichi in It's Vitamin C. "reconstiNOT this isolated, of themselves. private person, farmer, a image... tuted"juice contains no preservatives

of kind, any as such unwholesome sulphur so her, of sons the spoke lawyer, teacher, two businessman, but And dioxide or of benzoate soda. a (Take good

look at the label when you juice, buy lemon little for intimately a more. than they acknowledging while more were now canned or bottled.) If like a vou'd Recipe

Folder on M.C.P. (it's JUICE LEMON of the possibly of committee vision could the any were awakened They free), just write the M.C.P. Kitchen LaboraCalif. Anaheim, there's remember, ( And this place. in do, in place her themselves walking unison with t/% M.C.P. too. FROZEN JUICE, LEMON

it, grocer Your has it or can get all for living of their the others you.) boys were kind the through on we "When

ranch and a long way from neighhistory.

654 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Ira Rice line

(Continued from page 638) was of the records I had contemplated going to Hartford to copy.

Genealogical workers of the Church searching for records in Hartford had discovered Miss Royce and her interest in genealogy. In her home was

a room about twelve feet square with a desk arranged in the center. Completely surrounding the four walls

were cupboards, files, and bookcases of precious records. I might have

been in Hartford the rest of my life copying them. These enthusiastic

workers explained to Miss Royce the interest of the Church in genealogy and, being a truly great and generous soul, she immediately gave her consent to having them filmed. It

was necessary to remove the records to the Hartford Library to effect the work, but the library readily cooperated and the prodigious task was accomplished. One film was given

to the library in Hartford, one to Miss

Royce, and one sent to Salt Lake

City.

I lost no time in beginning work on the film. Within a year I have submitted to the index bureau 776 family group sheets containing more than

5200 names. Over seven hundred of

these names are now at the Salt Lake and Arizona temples where endowment work is being done on them. I

have more than six hundred additional family group sheets copied from the film and ready to be typed and sent to the index bureau. I estiout of <94& waysmate that when I get the film com- 3

pleted, there will be between ten M thousand and twelve thousand names spongefibre"Paper Towelsfor processing. I expect to have the ZEE

film completed and all the family save you work...save you time!

group sheets filed with the index bureau within the next few months.

It is beyond my ability to express Homemakers write of still more ways ZEE my gratitude and that of my family Towels save so much work... save so much

for the work the Genealogical Society is doing. While we as inditime. Like others, you'll find ZEE's "sponge

viduals are laboring along with our fibres"soak up grease and moisture faster, research activities, they are many stretches ahead of us searching out more thoroughly. Save work, save time,

records in every nook and corner, with ZEE Towels!

filming them, and filing them for our use. The efficient and loyal service JLiLtLi—the softer, more

of these workers, the foresight, imabsorbent Towels with the agination, and initiative of the easy, even tear!

leaders are historymaking. No one

except a genealogical devotee can ever appreciate the wonderful blessing that has come to our family in (Concluded on following page) Crown Zellerbach Corporation 1954

SEPTEMBER 1954 655 The Ira Rice line

(Concluded from preceding page) the securing of these records. Only

recently a cousin flew in from Los

Angeles to assure himself there would be plenty of names ready when the

Los Angeles Temple opened. We

can never adequately give expression to the appreciation we feel for the untiring efforts and assistance of the

Genealogical Society.

HABIT

By Art Anderson

After having lived all of his nine years in Salt Lake City, Carl L Lund accepted with enthusiasm an invitation to spend the summer with his Uncle Doug on a two hundred acre wheat farm in Cascade,

Idaho. When three weeks had passed,

ese other Na I ley's Carl's parents telephoned him to see too—Potato Chips if he was all right. He was happy to

ew Mayonnaise hear from them but complained that

Tang Salad Dressing he was thirsty. The only source of

water on his uncle's farm was a spring from which clear mountain 24 Hour waterbarns. wasCarlpumpedcomplainedinto the housethat andthe

service water tasted "funny"and that he was 365 days a year continuallywas so distastefulthirsty becauseto him.the Carl'swater

taste for the heavily chlorinated water of Salt Lake City had made it hard for him to enjoy the pure spring water. Electric

The fact that we develop very early in life tastes for certain brands WATER of milk, cereals, and other foods is wellknown to psychologists and food HEATING manufacturers. These tastes, firmly

established, usually stay with us.

certain tastes for establish we The costs the friends, certain or of codes types average for living, usually stay with us, rulestoo.

family From the stream of life, we are privileged to select the things we only Boys Duralon Jackets about Reinforced Acetate and Rayon drink of day after day. It is up to 10c us to see that we develop a taste

for live lives, friends exemplary who a day 690 liy From Your Dalr for stories that are clean in content Or Pfwmbtr /S\ Repels water and snow. Resists

wind and nonoily spots. Is six and implication, for the laws of the

stronger because unadulterated gospel. of 17% pure and By Be Modern timesnylon. to soil"colors "Hard of of drinking the pure things day after blue, green, brown or gray.

Live Electrically day, we develop a taste for righteous

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. Boys'sizes 10 to 20. 890 living that makes corrupt ways of life

unpalatable.

656 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Do You Need the family Hour?

(Continued from page 627) Many worthwhile goals are attainWhen Winter able through the Family Hour, which include: 1. Studying the gospel. Parents and children may learn together Winds Blow

the principles of the gospel through regular study periods. Twenty to

thirty minutes spent weekly produce remarkable educative values for all. 2. Keeping channels of communication open. Children who can

talk over problems with the family are indeed fortunate. Parents who

never take time to visit with their children are "missing the boat."

Many serious problems can be prevented by discussing them in their early stages.

As parents and children talk over their interests, desires, plans, and problems, they come closer togeth- "gfcjp er and help each other. One boy,

picked up by the police, had been stealing for months. Eight of his

at the sky, when cattle start milling friends under seventeen knew all When oldtimers squint... the first "norther"of the about his violations, but not a and bawling it means one thing

year is blowin'in. It's the beginning of winter... a critical

MY DAUGHTER time for the brood cows. For they are building next spring's

calf crop and maintaining their own bodies, too!

By Clara Johnston Pierce is brown or covered in snow, cows need helpT love the vibrant flash of print When grass * As she pirouettes down the walk, to stay in shape and drop strong calves next spring. Purina

I love the comradery of mates Range Checkers contain a variety of choice grain for neededIn idle talk. gay and

The greedy years will steal away heat and energy; three sources of protein to furnish bodyHer easy, youthful grace;

Dear God, guard thou the sunny smile building materials; vitamins and minerals for health, producOn her eager, upturned face! tion and reproduction.

single person over seventeen was FEED FAT CALF CHOW FOR FAST, CHEAP GAINS!

aware of any difficulties. The

bridge between him and his parPurina Fat Calf Chow is new! It was developed to help you put beef

... and in the right places. Fat Calf Chow ents had been blocked or blown on your calves quick and thick

to bits. Parents and children need combines choice grains, a variety of proopportunities to communicate with tein, molasses, vitamins and trace minerals each other.—plus extra amounts of Vitamin A. Ask

3. Strengthening the family. your Purina Dealer to tell you more about

Particularly for families who have this new calf fattener next time you're in little time to spend together, the town and get a copy of the informative

Family Hour offers a wonderful Fat Calf Chow circular.

opportunity for developing family RALSTON PURINA COMPANY solidarity. Especially if the quanDenver Kansas City Omaha Pocatello

tity of family association is limited, the quality of association becomes increasingly important and the See your Purina Dealer now about quality of a successful Family Hour cannot be overestimated. your winter needs for

people to- 4. Having fun. Many

nights as PURINA RANGE CHECKERS remember day home among the most treasured of experiences. Taffy pulls, family skits,

(Concluded on following page) SEPTEMBER 1954 657 HOW CAN THEY GET DO YOU NEED THE FAMILY HOUR?

THE NATURAL WHOLE (Concluded from preceding page) the role of his friend in reenacting programs with each performing his the argument which transpired earlier part, music, singing, darts, all make in the day. As they put on this skit,

the faces and hearts glow, along Ted saw and felt how it all looked with the smoldering coals in the from the point of view of his friend.

fireplace. He laughed along with the others at

5. Teaching prayer. This is best parts of the skit. He immediately

done by example, with the children felt better. The next day he apoloWHEAT taking their turns. The wisdom of gized to his friend and all was well. VALUES THEY NEED? this procedure is found in the scripAnother family uses the Family

ture: "Pray in your families unto Hour occasionally to talk over family

the Father, always in my name, finances, both income and outgo. As

that your wives and your children a result, the family feels that the may be blessed."(Book of Mormon, money belongs to all of them and

3 Nephi 18:21.) each takes pride in trying to handle

Many interesting activities are his part wisely.

possible during the Family Hour. For Family Hour activities should not

a few minutes each evening study be forced on children but should althe Bible, Book of Mormon, other low for individual interests and abiliscriptures, or read Church books or ties. The more spontaneity the better.

stories. Taking turns in praying helps One of the basic teachings of the

to set the stage and develops spiritugospel is to love your neighbor. Your

ality among family members. After husband, wife, or children are the

the study of the gospel, informality closest neighbors you have and should and fun should follow. Each family be the dearest. Yet many people love

member might present a part, in those who live away from them but music, verse, or dance. Games, makmake strangers of the neighbors living

ing candy, popping corn, or recalling within their homes.

It's easy when you serve personal experiences usually add to As families share their love and the evening. Tasty refreshments aljoin their talents together regularly

CARNATION INSTANT WHEAT ways bring a pleasant response. in Family Hours, they are likely to

realize: problems, some to solve In helping ask youngstersIT'S HEAR the TO GOOD 1. Better family solidarity. playing. role One families do some their morning of helping secondfor a

cereal—especially one that's so good for day, Ted, age fourteen, quarreled 2. More secure and mature personthem! with a friend at school. He came alities of family members.

Not only does Carnation Instant Wheat home sulking and tired. That eve- 3. Wise guidance of parents and

tempt those sleepy morning appetites ning at the Family Hour he confided children.

with the rich, wonderful flavor of genuin the others how he felt and why. 4. Growth of love and understandine Northwest premium wheat—but it Dad suggested that they put on a ing.

provides lasting energy during busy days. skit, with Mary, age seventeen, takAren't these values worth achieving

That's because of its natural whole ing the part of Ted, and Ted playing in your home?

wheat values of thiamine, niacin, phosphorus and iron!

SAVES YOU TIME as well... for part of the

cooking's been done for you! See if you FOR GOOD OR EVIL

Instant Carnation thatdon't agree stories interest page 625) warm, (Continued from human The has your family change is theWheat of several those I talked with of polygthat spoke fifteen who Of theneeded!

amy, three did hot know that it is told me were the most interesting part no longer practised, and four menof the study.

is a member of Cooks tioned its sociological value. Six perOne woman, who

cent of those who were interviewed the school board in a small Caliin "No 1 had some derogatory comment to fornia town said, "What do I think (arnation

Time"make. One young businesswoman of the Mormons? I think they're INSTANT said, "They are shrewd in business, openminded, tolerant, able to hanbut they never cheat each other."dle people so that everyone forgets

Six said that Mormons are "clanhis prejudices and considers both sides nish and unfriendly"; one said that of each question."

"Mormons live in fear of their bishThough it wasn't a part of my ops"; and one who had had a great regular routine I laughed and asked,

deal of praise for many activities of "Whom do you know?"

the Church said that she was sorry She named a member of a high

Same Famous Family As Carnation Milk to add that she knew a "Mormon"council who is also PTA president who was an "accomplished drinker."for that area. "When we're in a

658 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

meeting,"she said, "he listens to everybody, then he smiles and says, 'Suppose we sift these things we've been discussing and find out how different our views really are. We Favorite of themay be expressing ourselves differently and really thinking alike.'Then

he lines up everything that has been real differsaid, points out how the everywhole family reconciled,ences and can be body goes home happy and thinking he has had his own way."

A friend of mine told me that she didn't enjoy the parties given by her husband's business associates because everybody drank. I remembered that

a prominent member of one of our wards belonged to this group. I asked

if he drank.

"I think so. I don't know. I'll ask

my husband."

The next day she telephoned me.

"When I asked my husband if this man drank,"she said, "what do you think he said? 'Why ask such a crazy

question? He's a Mormon!"

A mother told this poignant story.

Her daughter, she said, was taken to the hospital to give birth to her first child. The girl's doctor was out of

town, and his office sent an assistant.

The delivery was difficult and the young doctor was almost as frightened as the girl. "Let me call a specialist,"

he begged. When the specialist came,

he talked with the weary, frightened This large 8-ounce jar of Instant Posfum makes up to 100 cups!

girl and reassured her. Then he said,

"Would you like me to pray with you so that we can do our best, both you is helping knowingand I, that God doctor Instant Postum contains girl consented. Theus?"The

prayed. The girl relaxed, and the

birth was normal. no caffein or other drug

"I'll tell you,"said the mother, "that doctor had more than skill."I

agreed. He's a president of seventies, Rich and mellow—that's Instant Postum. It gives you all the

and he lives his religion. warmth and satisfaction you crave from a good hot drink. Yet it

A century and a quarter have gone contains no caffein—no drugs or stimulants of any kind.

by since the Angel Moroni made the startling promise to the eager, spiritIt's easy to prepare, too—just add hot water or warm milk.

ually awakened boy. Remembering Children love their milk mixed with Instant Postum—then their

the opposition to Joseph and his foldrink looks like mother's and dad's!

lowers in New York state, in Ohio, in The whole family will enjoy Instant Postum, and it costs less

Jackson, Clay, and Caldwell counthan a penny a cup! You can't afford not to try it! Another wonties in Missouri, and in Illinois; rederful General Foods product.

membering the march of the United

States Army to Utah, the physical abuse our missionaries have been subjected to, one cannot help contrasting the antagonism of yesterday with the admiration of today. Instant Postum

Certainly Joseph's name will be no caffein known "among all nations, kindreds, (Concluded on following page) SEPTEMBER 1954 659 For Good Or Evil

(Concluded from preceding page) and tongues."God chose him to be

His instrument in the restoration of the gospel. How soon the world will

know his name and what they will know of his work depends upon us, for of the eightyeight nonmembers of the Church with whom I talked those who knew about us and our leaders—most of them knew you or

me or the boy in your Sunday School class, or the elderly couple in your ward teaching family. What nonmembers think of the Church, of

Joseph Smith, of the restored gospel,

I found, is really dependent upon how every member lives his religion.

Although any conclusions drawn from a study as limited as this do not have scientific validity, yet they do show a "trend"in the right direction.

It is up to us to heed the words of

Jesus: "Let your light so shine.... "

Albert M. Talmage

(Continued from page 635) The press which he used for this work was just another one of the hardships which he overcame. It

was an oldtime printing press used by the Deseret News. Its inking device had broken and it was used only

for certain types of embossing. Brother

Steel Travels in the Best Circles Talmage, realizing that the inking

Maybe you'll never find yourself in desperate need of a device was the only part that was big circle gear like this, but if you do, United States Steel not necessary in the printing of the can fabricate one for you, neatly, skillfully and using the Messenger, made arrangements to sebest steel for the job. For U. S. Steel customfabricates to cure the broken machine and had it

your requirements almost anything made of steel... from transferred to Provo. He worked perchurch steeples to bridges, from dam gates to transmission sistently with the press in order to

towers. And erects them, too. adapt it to his particular needs. He

tried a pulleydrive from a motor but to the regulate there was no way: '"I S: as it Again, speed. had so many

times, the genius of the blind man asitself. a method He devised An Improvement Era Publication serted

at press run the he could whereby the speed he desired and yet stop it A Book—A Man immediately. This device was arbe A Message ranged so that the motor would

pulled away from the drive wheel Wi Gospel allandwitha brakethe appliedpressureat ofthehissamefoottime,on

Ideals'rr ato leverfeed atthethepress.front Thenwhere camehe stoodthe

Selections from the Discourses of problem of adapting the press to the thin brass plates and getting them type -high so that proper pressure David O. McKay

would be given and the right impresat all bookdealers sion result on the paper. And again,

(Concluded on page 662) 660 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA EGYPTIANS KNEW THE ART OF PRESERVATION BUT YOU DO IT FAR BETTER WITH LOCKERAP

it to fceep WwtP tvitb.

The Egyptians made things keep 3,000 years and more. They locked out air, the way Lockerap does.

Only Lockerap does it better, the modern way*

It is a laboratoryproven fact that Lockerap preserves food longer than any of the other eight leading waxed single sheet wraps on the market.

Lockerap is also tougher—actually 15% stronger

than before. This practically eliminates the danger

of "pokethrough."

Available in both natural buff (an extratougft

Kraft) and a "sanitary white"Kraft.

* LOCKERAP, A TRADE NAME

SZCkdti&w Waxed ygjty:<sf*S:>%.< IOCKERAPbuff or white, for premium protection at low cost

jgggS%yjjft3JPWM LOCZINWESTERNCROWN ZEUER8ACHWAXED PAPERCORPORATIONDIVISION the new polyethylene wrap with crack -proof film North Portland, Oregon, P.O. Box 518

LOCKERFOILSan Leandro, Calif., 2101 Williams St.

3 -ply protection: aluminum + paper + plastic wax tos Angeles, Calif, 5900 Sheila Street

ALBERT M. TALMAGE wouldter the automaticallyfeed below. openThe andchickensscat-

(Concluded from page 660) lives encouragement, hope, and faith. learned the meaning of the alarm

he solved this problem and the press When Brother and Sister Talmage and, though they might be some diswas made to operate perfectly. were away from home on such ertance from the coop, they would all

Brother Talmage's heart has alrands of mercy, the feeding of their come running for their meal when ways gone out in sympathy to those chickens became a problem. Since they heard the alarm ring.

who, like himself, walk life's highnecessity is the mother of invention, He was devoted to his home and ways in darkness. He felt a keen Mr. Talmage set about to find a soluhome interests. His garden was a

responsibility toward them, and, action to this problem, also. His spot of great beauty, being recompanied by his wife, he traveled mechanical mind worked out an insplendent with bloom from early

throughout the state, giving them genious device whereby a feed bag spring to late fall. His improvised

the benefit of his ability and experiwas attached to an alarm clock and hotbed, in which he raised the young, ence. He taught them Braille and was made to work in such a way that tender plants, is worthy of note. Over

crafts in their homes, but what was when the clock indicated feeding this hotbed, which was a box three more important, he brought into their time, the alarm would ring. The bag by six feet, was a frame with panes of

glass. This frame was made to slide

back and forth. Underneath the bed,

electric wires were attached to a lever.

This lever was connected with points which dropped into tubes of mercury with a light bulb below. Above this,

at the raised end of the box, was a piece of wood which served as a door and ventilator. When the temperature of the inside became too warm,

the lever automatically lifted the ventilator. This relieved the bed of its

heat. The door automatically lowWITH ered or closed as the temperature was

reduced. Thus, the miniature green PLENTY house was kept at a uniform heat

and plants were raised in three weeks OF ready for transplanting. This electrical device he designed and built himself. MILKRICH

In his own words, Albert Talmage

TABLE QUEEN BREAD characterizedthe blind as "ahismission"work withand andbecausefor of this he has met and overcome many trials and tribulations which would have brought a less valiant spirit down to defeat and despair. Now,

in his eightyseventh year, there is about him that surprising gentleness, that mellowness that so often accompanies age. We recognize in him the

urge to continue individual existence no matter what his infirmities may be, and to approach the end of his own personal drama with grace, balance, and wisdom. We are grateful that God placed him here among

us and touched his soul with kindness, nobility, and gentleness.

CONVERSATIONAL TIGHTROPE

By Ethel Jacobson

in style, pirouettes does mind fnriched with Her smile, constant careful a Wearing

Vitamins and Iron And shies from heavyfooted woes

On desperately rigid toes.

662 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ROUTE FROM LIVERPOOL TO THE GREAT SALT LAKE VALLEY fulnesstives, andendeda fewthe moments9th of August,of wakeand (Continued from page 632) Salt Lake City darkness had enalso ends my hastily sketched and mile beyond Rock Independence. veloped it, shutting out from my simple narrative.

Forded, and then, while the comstraining and inquiring eyes all de- "P.S. While in the city, President

pany were taking breakfast, I hurtails. I could see that the streets Brigham Young, among other things

ried back to the Rock and made a were broad, and hear the refreshing favoured me with the opportunity of sketch of it. It is a large rounded sound of water rippling and gushing taking for publication the portrait

mass of granite, on which are inby the road side. Occasionally a tall of himself presented in this work.

scribed the names of many passing house would loom up through the The portrait of President Heber C.

emigrants. At Devil's Gate, about gloom, and every now and then the Kimball, and that of the late Presifour miles further, I remained behind cheerful lights came twinkling dent Willard Richards are from

to make a sketch of this great curithrough the cottage windows—slight daguerreotypes by Mr. Cannon,

osity, after which, as my boots were things to write about, but yet noticed which were kindly furnished by Elder without toes, and admitted the gravel, with pleasure by one fresh from the S. W. Richards.... The view of the

which cut one's feet dreadfully, I Plains. A happy meeting with rela- (Concluded on page 665)

had some difficulty in catching up with the wagons."

His written narrative closes with the following: GET YOUR

"Tuesday, 9th (August) Commenced our journey this morning by ofgetting mules "mired"our in one COLLEGE crossings Creek,the bad of Kanyon and after many vain attempts to get them out, we at last succeeded by hitching Elder Bigler's horses to the wagon poles. The rest of the jourIN YOUR

ney to the mouth of the Kanyon which opens into the Valley was desperate work, but we knew thatthere were warm friends ahead, and Home a hearty welcome for the travelworn, so the mountains, scrambled up we over the Environment and bumped thumpedand rocks, and splashed through the It is no longer necessary to go away streams, till we surmounted all diffifor a good college education. You

culties. Signs of civilization met the can get it right here at the Univereye as we proceeded along. From sity of Utah.

away up the mountain sides we could hear the sound of the axe, and in Your state university is rated with the outstanding schools of the road, chewing the cud of patience, America. Education opportunities are unsurpassed. The faculty

we saw the sturdy team waiting to is strong. Courses of study are diversified. Religious study

transfer to the busy haunts of men, can be made part of your college training. You can live and

the foliage crowned monarchs of the learn in your own home environment with people who have the solitude, perhaps then for the first same standards, the same ideals that you have.

time invaded. And now our journey,

so full of interest and novelty to me, Colleges of instruction include: Education, Engineering, Mediwas nearly completed, and we were cine, Law, Business, Mining, Fine Arts, Pharmacy, Nursing,

about to exchange the rude, but University College and other fields.

bracing and healthful, prairie life for the comfort and refinements of the the See what University of Utah city. Just before we turned the corRegistration- to offer you. has

ner into the Valley we stopped at the September 2324 creek, and having bathed and Freshmen Register25 September clothingchanged at last our enwe For full information and catalog, StartsClassworktered as the setting sun was beyond... 27 write September Saltthe steel Great a Lake, engravOffice of the President

ing of which is herewith given, and another five miles brought us to the

City. Day's journey about thirty

miles, a total, to according making University of Utah the best accounts keep, of I could 7840 from Liverpool.... Salt Lake City 1, Utah

"By the time we entered Great SEPTEMBER 1954 663.

:>>0s3\\3\3\3>-9JvJJ

FOR FINER

/ / Mnd inow anoiner>ther -aeneratiiaenerauon

l5 li$tenina.. ORGAN

Richard L. Evans

Today, as we begin our second quarter century, a flood of -*- thoughts and themes moves in upon us. One such concerns the swiftness with which the years come—and go.

Not infrequently someone will write: "I have been listening

you all is listening. generation now another 1 to my life!"—and JR. "W-nt itself is Another that suggests theme of the responsibility

entering another man's home, or another man's life—and the responsibility for the ideas we let loose—for verily we

are all accountable for the impact of our ideas, our actions, our attitudes and utterances upon others, whether written or spoken or sung or suggested. Well we know that entering

another man's home, another man's life, by any means, is a sacred trust. Thank you for inviting us in. We hold the

privilege sacred, and shall not look upon it lightly. And now

as to the swiftly moving seasons—surely it doesn't seem that

they would add up to a quarter century. And yet so much

has happened that the years could scarcely have been less long. There have been grievous wars, with little settled by

any war. Paradoxically, life has been lengthened, disease

conquered, and material miracles wrought among men. But

no principles have changed—nor have the things that matter most—and life and love and friends and families and timeless truths continue, as they always shall, always and forever. Along with its discouragements and accomplishments,

FOR YOUR CHURCH this quarter century has also seen the greater need for faith faith in the purpose of life, faith in the timehonored virtues, faith that the answers we do not now see, we shall surely

Your church deserves the sometime see. We all sometimes have our sorrows, our unvery finest organ music poscertainties, our hurts, our hopes, our unanswered quessible, to complement and entions. For all of us, perhaps, there are some pieces that do

rich every service... so why not seem to fit in place. There are theories that will fall,

not investigate Connsonata and suppositions that will not survive the test of time. But

NOW. No other organ offers beyond all such uncertainties there are glorious assurances

so much! and certainties—as surely as we live, as surely as we have

seen the heavens and the earth keep their course. And with

all this outward evidence of divine plan and purpose, and with the witness of the spirit within, we reaffirm our faith in him who is the Maker and Administrator of all, who is the Daunes Music

Father of us all, who made us in his image, and who is mindsent us here from his own presence, TTTITTITTT I TTITTT 4547 south main ful of us all—and who

$aftaf:eCify for a little time, to prepare for the endless opportunities of

145 NORTH UNIVERSITY, PROVOV'2260 WASHINGTON BLV0.,OGDEN everlasting life. And he will lead us to all truth and understanding, if we will let him lead us—with faith and patience

to wait for the pieces to move into place until the picture is completed. Such are some of the thoughts and themes that

suggest themselves at this beginning of a second quarter FREE! century. God bless the makers of ennobling music, the voices,

16 MM. SOUND FILMS the hands that make it live. Thank God for all the sweet and

for assurances for the certainties lovely things and of life—and

Scouts, Special M.I.A., Boy survive, will quarter another century and survived that have

Interest or other groups. infinitely and eternally. God give us faith and patience and

275 TITLES TO CHOOSE FROM peace, this day—and always.

For Information or Catalog Write, Wire or Call y/tp spoken i'Vorcl FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

SYSTEM, JULY 18, 1954 HILLAM'S 54 P. O. Place, Salt Lake City, Utah Copyright, 1954

Phone 3-5417

664 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Liverpool to the Great

Salt Lake Valley We're not bankers, but...

(Concluded from page 663) City was taken with a camera lucida, from the "Bench,"north of it, and just above President H. C. Kimball's

is house, in foreseen the which We do make left to of a little ground, the East

Temple (Main) Street. The site of loans for

the city is large, and at that early period the buildings were very much home repairs scattered, rendering it almost impossible to get any idea of the place and improvement unless a large area was embraced in the view. Consequently a favourable

point was chosen, commanding the principal buildings, and the chief portion of the city which was then built If your property needs repairs or improvements, don't delay upon. This, on the other hand very another day. For we make loans to repair and remodel homes

much reduced the size of the objects, or farm structures... with no down payment and terms up to

but not to indistinctness. On the

whole I think it may be presented as a three years. Loans are made for materials and labor complete,

faithful portrait of Great Salt Lake or for materials only if you wish to do the work yourself. So

City in 1853."come in now for ideas, free estimates, quality materials and

The "camera lucida"the artist convenient financing. It's the most complete service ever offered.

mentioned is defined as "an instrument which by means of a prism of a peculiar form, or an arrangement 12 Months 18 Months 24 Months 36 Months of mirrors, causes a virtual image of $ 200 17.54 11.97 9.18 6.39

Amount an external object to appear as if Amount $ 500 43.86 29.91 22.94 15.97 projected upon a plane surface as of you may you repay

paper or canvas, so that the outlines borrow $ 750 each month 65.79 44.87 34.41 23.95

be traced."may $1000 '.-::;:...::-,*:.::::w>y.:: k'-v.-w'.-.-jW-::.:.-:-: 87.72 59.83 45.89 31.94 further is printed in the Nothing

book about Artist Fredrick Piercy's You may borrow up to $2,500.00 at correspondingly low terms

stay in Great Salt Lake City, his trip back over the plains, or his ocean THINGS TO DO NOW voyage back to England. Nor does New GarageRepaint New Siding: New Porch

of record there to be him any seem Kitchen Rumpus Extra Room Closets Picture Window after published. Perthe book was Add-A-Room Roof Attic New Flooring Bedroom New

this reads can haps someone who throw additional light on this talented young man who has left us ffllSTfo such a rich heritage of drawings which he made a hundred years ago on his journey from Liverpool to

Great Salt Lake City.

NEW TEACHER

By May Richstone Shrimp Cocktail

brings to She Salad Vegetable her classes t/af mil dizlinq steak Baked Potato zeal youthful

And theories, untried, ideal. Oar Famous

She discovers there the s, SIZZLING STEAK impudent grin, with Mushroom Sauce

Impervious ears, faint discipline. Beverage Rolls

Fresh from her own scholastic Our homemade desserts scene,

She has yet to learn that one $2.35

day, between The dream and the doing will be found TEMPLE VIEW DINING ROOM & COFFEE SHOP

The compromise of common HOTEL TEMPLE SQUARE ground.

SEPTEMBER 1954 665 scribed to the bishop. But the relationships

spirit of lofty, unpriesthood, the the ofMelchizedek Priesthood Quorum Funds it, it carries selfish with which brotherhood do require that quorum members indiQuorum Funds Experience has proved that hanviduallymeans andandpowersas groupsto rehabilitate,exert theirspirituallyutmost dling money collected by groups on a and temporally, their unfortunate brothers.

was pointed out in The Improvequorum basis aids greatly in develop-... In Church Welfare work, the rehabiliAs ment Era last month, some of the ing quorum consciousness, unity, and tation of quorum members and their famimost vital quorum projects perstrength, and thereby furthers the lies spiritually is the primary responsibility

tain to the raising of funds to be used Melchizedek Priesthood program. ofshould,quorumshowever,functioningalso asaimquorums.to assistTheythe

by the quorums in accordance with bishops in the temporal care of the needy.

the various needs that may arise. In Purposes of Quorum Funds Temporal helping of members is the priestfact, it is the recognized practice hood quorum's privilege, but not its rethroughout the Church of Jesus Christ Melchizedek Priesthood quorums sponsibility.

for Melchizedek Priesthood quorums find a variety of uses for the money In many cases in the past, quoto funds, and no quohave quorum raised in their fundraising or guaranteed have made loans projects; rums

the full carry forward can the purposesrum prohowever, for quorums loans in some and "...gram of the Church without having having available at all times sufficient cases contributed funds"to assist quorum

money to meet its financial needs. money in their quorum funds may members and their families to get esThe Melchizedek Priesthood Handbe classified under three general tablished in businesses of their own.

following the hook, page 51, gives inheads. wherecases arise Also, needy when

this relative important structions to holders afflicted priesthood First: Funds to meet the various in the

matter: needs of administering the quorum. cannot pay their hospital bills, the

Every quorum should build up a quorum Every Melchizedek Priesthood quoFirst Presidency has advised bishops fund through income - yielding quorum rum has a certain amount of adthat "The priesthood group or quoprojects, contributions, assessments or other ministrative expense for such items rum of which a bearer of the priestco-operative means. should a fund Such roll stationery, as books, quorum is a should be invited sohood member

of thealways the disposal at as be quorum cials, to of quorums flowers members in the fellow their to assist member of expenditures. meetinga means quorum

who are ill or flowers sent to funerals, payment of his hospital account."

Group Funds and various other expenses that may (Ibid., p. 51.)

arise. Sufficient quorum funds should Third: Funds collected and used

The General Authorities of the be available at all times to meet for missionary purposes.

Church have continually advised these current expenses. a. All quorums to have missionary

Melchizedek Priesthood groups not to Second: Funds to assist needy quofunds.

accumulate funds on a group basis rum members or the families of needy All Melchizedek Priesthood quoto be used for group purposes, but quorum members. rums should collect and disperse

all money accrued from group projects Priesthood quorums furnish many funds for missionary purposes. Sevenwithin quorums should be deposited opportunities for the members to exties'quorums, in particular, are enwith the quorum in a common quopress the spirit of brotherhood and couraged to collect and disperse each

rum fund. The expenditure of these fraternity towards each other, espeyear a substantial sum for such purfunds should be made on a quorum cially in time of economic distress. poses.

basis and not on a group basis. The On this subject the Melchizedek b. Limitations should not be set on

following appears in the Melchizedek Priesthood Handbook, page 51, states: the use of missionary funds.

Priesthood Handbook, page 32: It is in order to draw upon quorum Money received or collected for

Activity on a quorum basis is desirable funds... to assist needy quorum brethren missionary work should not be diand the accumulation and use of funds and their families. However, help to needy verted to other uses, but limitations

should be on a quorum rather than a group brethren... should not be given except on the use of such funds within the

basis. after consultation with the bishop as to field of missionary activity should not

the needs of the brother in question and limitations adopted. be such Where other given aid is being what Also, fiftyfour on page the followdetermining set are been have by quorums and of agencies to the the Church him through

instructionsing are given:

... it force, rein to purposes. regularly established be wise for such would now

welfare the committee weekly ward meeting scind them. domonies are When All funds accumulated groups, should by to clear place proper such matters. is the to quorums, nated however, which administeredbe by the quorum. Such

in are of the nature thatfunds should trust funds, to be remitted the quorum.. Plan. Handbook Welfare Thepresidency, will for which responsible be expressly the stipulates donor when

Instructions, points out as is, page 20, of...safeguarding them. is his that grant conditioned the upon

follows: often Quite derive groups funds through

of the agreement to spend quorums ofthe operation projects. producing income

These should likewise be turned over to the The Priesthood quorums in their extendthe monies for a specified purpose, quorum. ing of relief have not the obligation preand no other, such funds must be

666 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Priesthood

expended in accordance with such Depositing Quorum Funds aware of every proposed project and exagreement. penditure and be party to it by voting for

It is entirely proper for any quorum Those who are authorized to it.fundThenshouldthebeactualmadedraftuponuponan orderthe quorumsigned

to use its missionary funds to aid handle and administer the expendiby the quorum president and preferably also elders, seventies, high priests, or ladies ture of quorum funds hold a sacred by his two counselors [or cosigned by the in their missionary work. The only obligation to protect those funds and quorum secretary]

exception to this rule would be in the so quorum presidencies are advised Certainly accurate records should case where a donor expressly provides to deposit those funds where they be kept of all financial transactions that his grant be limited to a narwill be protected from loss. and the quorum accounts available

rower field. Prospective donors to First: Deposit with the stake presifor auditing whenever occasions remissionary funds should be discourdency. quire the same to be done.

aged from imposing restrictions as to In cases where the fund balances the ways in which their grants should are small, quorums may avoid the Summary Statements—General

be expended. usual banking charges by depositing Regulations Governing Quorum

c. Use both interest and principal. their monies with the stake presidency Funds

account. as a trust fund They may of quorum For the convenience restrict not Quorums should as needed. the their withdraw money rerules presidencies, a few general interest earned to the expenditures

Second: Deposit in a hank. garding quorum funds are stated confrom the investment of missionary

funds substantial with Quorums follows: cisely as funds. The.

all their funds in propdeposit principal itself should be may First: authorized receivers and The replenished. spent and

erly banks, having safeguarded all are of funds custodians quorum d. surplus funds. Use of proaccounts. their This bank own presidencies. the quorum approprito find unable Quorums is the highly cedure by recommended should All funds Second: quorum

for their missionary fund ate uses Authorities. General deposited be safeguarded, be and may properly their might within quorum First the Deposit with Third:

in bank, presidency, a the stake with of of the refer use such matter the Presidency.

First Presidency. the or with stake; of the to the presidency funds appears following statement The expenditures All proposed Third:

if for funds such no and demand for in Priesthood the Melchizedek Handshould be prebeing before made in the found missionary purposes be 53: hook, page for approval. to the sented quorum confer stake, presidency stake the may

with the general Church missionary The First Presidency has created a nonFourth: "Withdrawals, properly

committee as to where the money profit organization known as the "Coopera- authorized, should be made by check might. be used advantageously for tive Security Corporation,"in order to signed by the president and secretary

legalize transactions in business the Church finance or of the quorum, by the should funds missionary work. Such

If desired, funds program. quorum if appointed."been one has committee idle. lie to permitted not be this corporation with deposited and be Wise Welfaremay the other (Ibid., In words, 52.) page is imperative. of use at the continuous the pleasure quorum. withdrawn and

actual draft upon quorum funds e. Invitation to send missionary

of at least two be signed by funds to the First Presidency. Dispersement of Quorum Funds should

officers as agreed duly the quorum exinvitation was The following officers. the by all upon are presidencies the Since quorum Era, in tended Improvement The collected funds Fifth: All quorum all funds, the custodians of quorum it apseems 1953, and September also special for purposes quorum and expenditures them; should be by made article: this it in to reprint propriate for welfare the program allotments it the should always however, be

Priesthood quorums throughout the policy for those expenditures to be should be spent only for the purposes

Church which have surplus funds, as well made with the approval of the quofor which said funds were accrued.

as individual Church members, are invited rum members. Large expenditures Monies should not be collected for

to send contributions to the First Presishould be made only with the apone purpose and then spent for anto defray to in helping be used dency the proval of the stake president. Disother. foreign missionfull-time local of expenses

aries who can spend their full time in persements in the welfare field should Sixth: If surplus funds accumulate,

foreign missionary service but are not able be made in consultation and coopera- they may be disbursed by a vote of for their support. the Of to supply means quorum. bishop. following the tion with the The

is as today, policy the course, Church Seventh: "The quorum presidency in it instructions appear the Melchizeto missionaries for pay been, has always

their own expenses, if pqssible, while renderdek Priesthood Handbook, page 52: should always be in touch with the

ing missionary service for the Church. The stake presidency as to the advisability

quorum funds sent to the First Presidency Neither the president of the quorum nor of making the expenditure approved or contributions made by individual memhis counselors, nor quorum members are by the quorum. No expenditure

in exare used only bers of the authorized to use Church belonging to money the should be made which is not approved for local of dire necessity cases ceptional fund. Every expenditure quofrom quorum

missionaries whose homes are in foreign rum funds should be upon the vote of the in general by the stake presidency."

missions, and not for missionaries from the quorum—not necessarily as to details, but (Ibid., page 52.)

stakes of Zion. in general. The quorum should be made (Concluded on page 687)

SEPTEMBER 1954 667 mPresiding

Special Recognition to Be Given Those Who Qualify for Minimum of Four Individual Aaronic Priesthood Awards

The Presiding Bishopric are happy to announce that each bearer of the Aaronic Priesthood 12 to 21 who qualifies for the Individual Aaronic

Priesthood Award for four years or more will be awarded, without charge, a beautiful goldfilled pin as here reproduced in actual size. Actual Size

Awarding of the pin will begin January 1, 1955. The pin will be presented of years, in excess of four, during which

to each bearer of the Aaronic Priesthe has qualified, or will qualify, for hood who displays four or more Indithe Individual Aaronic Priesthood vidual Aaronic Priesthood Awards to Award.

his bishop as evidence of qualification. This pin is not to be confused with

The other award in any boy four awards need not be earned any way. A

consecutively.

Priestfour Individual earning Aaronic

Eligibility to receive the pin will be hood Awards will receive the Aaronic noted on the usual application for the Priesthood pin whether he qualifies

Individual Aaronic Priesthood Award for any other award or not.

by indicating the number of years each The large cut of the pin is published qualified for hasboy the award. detail the in that order be more may

of posture the praying the banks on is to boy be observed. Smith awarded and Joseph than specifically more No

light River. rays of The regardless pin such inone are a Susquehanna of represented Oliver the Cowdery number

of herald Baptist the the approach John who, on May 15, 1829, conferred the

Aaronic Priesthood upon the two young

Leaders - Senior Members men. The great Salt Lake Temple is

pictured as a symbol of holy ordinances.

A Divine Assignment The pin should really prove to be aTeach Truth, treasured possession of every boy who

Not Overlooking Men to the Bishop is or who becomes eligible to wear it.

the duty of the president AlsoGroup advisers and quorum instrucover Priesthood the of Aaron tors, in your contacts with senior is to preside over fortyeight MY WARD TEACHER members of the Aaronic Priesthood, do priests, and sit in council with you teach subject matter, or do you them, to teach them the duties of By D. J. Roberts

teach men? Do you take into considtheir office, as is given in the coveeration the needs, desires, interests, and nants—I cannot name the power he wields,

experiences of the ones you are called "This president is to be a bishThis man who monthly is my guest, to help, or do you administer the same op; for this is one of the duties of But there is radiance of mind

medicine to each one regardless of need? this priesthood."And evidence of ceaseless quest.

It is certain that truth is good wherever it is found; but it is equally cer-—D. & C. 107:8788. I cannot designate the food

tain that some truths are more vital to He gives my hunger with his word.

us than others, and some men are more I know he leaves me lifted up capable of assimilating truth in greater great power and force in the world And strengthened because I have heard.

amounts than are others. for truth is light, and light is intelliThe calling of those who work with gence or the Spirit of God. Man, emThere is a high degree he bears,

senior members is not merely to teach powered with the sword of truth and Not yet computed here nor guessed.

the gospel, but to teach men the true the ability to use it, is invincible. He has attained some sure estate

principles of the gospel according to In your preparation then, seek not He shares with me, and I am blessed.

their needs and their abilities to abonly to know the beautiful truths of sorb them and make them part of their life and their relative values, but seek Let him teach my generations lives. also to know the specific needs of the Through the cycles of the years.

Truth and people are relatively unmen you are assigned to help, and the There is solace in his presence;

important except as they relate themtechniques by which vital truths may There is antidote for tears.

selves to each other and become part of become part of their lives. It is your

each other. Standing alone and apart, duty to expose men to the truths that There is pattern in his wisdom

they are unproductive of good or happiare most important to them personally I would place upon their ways.

ness. Integrated with each other and and 'encourage them to adopt them and There is some eternal conquest

supporting each other, they become a make them their own. He will hold above their days.

668 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Prepared by Lee A. Palmer

Bishoprics Page

CHALLENGING RECORDS FROM HERE AND THERE Ward Teaching

One of the Oldest

Church Programs

Ts the ward teaching program of divine origin?""When was it instituted?"and "Did the Prophet Joseph

Smith place the program in operation before his death?"are questions frequently discussed. Modern scripture

leaves no doubt about the first question.

The program had its origin in a revelation to the Prophet in April 1830, dealing with the principles of Church government and organization. The

fundamentals of the program came

Bruce Heusser Chuck Griffin Max R. Merritt from the instruction given to the teachers. (D. & C. 20:5355.) How long after

Bruce Heusser, Lawndale Ward, Inglewood (California) Stake, has only one more the Church was organized until the score to record a perfect attendance year go to is not years for the seven spends in he Priesthood the Aaronic at priesthoodprogram—sixand sacramentawards meetingwith as known.program Thewas putprogramin operationwas definitely seals. 100% many

Chuck Griffin, Lennox Ward, Inglewood Stake, has received five individual awards functioning before the martyrdom of with a 100% attendance seal attached to each one. the Prophet.

R. Merritt, Afton Max South Ward, Star Valley (Wyoming) Stake, three awards, dishistory glimpse One at Church

seals. attendance two 100%

closes fact that the ward teaching was in operation years before the Prophet

Joseph Smith was martyred June 27, 1844.

BERKELEY (CALIFORNIA) FIRST AND SECOND WARDS FETE Elder George A. Smith of the Council

AARONIC PRIESTHOOD MEMBERS of the Twelve, while speaking during general conference April 6, 1856, referred to a time when the teachers had

PriestAaronic been called upon to settle a dispute bebearers hood and their leaders of tween the wife of Elder Thomas B.

Berkeley First and Marsh, president of the Council of the

Second Wards Twelve, and a Mrs. Harris.

stand on top of Mormon Island While the specific date of this inciSaddle Dam near dent is not known, it is known to have of the place the been sometime prior to October 1838. gold 1848. rush of

They have found It appears very likely, therefore, that greater than gold treasure—the theteachingProphetin orderJosephvery Smithshortly setafterwardthe Priesthood. Holy

revelation was given outlining the responsibilities of teachers.

TEACHERS, ELY FIRST WARD, NEVADA STAKE, QUALIFY 100%

Vital Part in Program No failures here! Every ordained teacher under 21 in the Ely First Ward, Nevada

Priests'Cottage Meetings Stake,Includedqualifiedin forthethephotoindividualare HarryawardW. forYoung,1953. first counselor to Bishop Clair B. Black,

(extreme left), and Floyd Copen, Jr., adviser (extreme right).

We thearesuccessincreasinglyof the cottageencouragedmeetingsover being conducted by the priests under 21. Many report them among the very

finest meetings they have attended.

Each priest must participate as a speaker in two or more cottage meetings for priests during the year as the ninth requirement of the Individual Aaronic

Priesthood Award.

SEPTEMBER 1954 669 Everything A Season <<Mailrz To

IVeeds in sight,(Concludedthe floorsfromhadpagebeen634)mopped, everything generally tidied.

Pat had been too tired to worry Only about the baby being upstairs for a

Jesus fewwell days.cared forReliefwas thatprovinghe aswouldhealingbe

as the medicines and the undisturbed

Christ! w sleep.Where was the bitterness of yesterday?

It had started to disappear when

Louis deRochemont presents he stood at the door, wondering what to say to Mrs. Duncan as she turned

to leave with the baby's clothes, smiling happily. Caught up in tha*

smile he said the one right thing.

V "Thanks so much, Mrs. Duncan."

"PICTURE iOF THE YEAR!"tunityThereduringhadn'tthebeeneveningmuchto opporreflect—Protestant Motion Picture Council

on that smile or the words that had tasted strangely good on his lips. In

The Magnificent Motion Picture For Our Time this year of marriage he seemed to...To Be Seen Again and Again! have lost the knack of saying thank

you, so intent had he been on proving his independence.

The dramatic story of Martin Luther and the Reformation... already But now, suddenly, he recognized

seen by some 10,000,000 people in over 2,500 communities the matching quality in the smiles of in the U. S. and Canada... to begin its presentation his two neighbors: pleasure in helpthis Fall in 52 countries across the world! ing out. Now why had he been so

iSiiiii obsessed with the idea that he and

Pat must work alone, that he must others? STARTING OCTOBER 1 st, 1954 not take help from

IT COMES TO COMMUNITIES EVERYWHERE He thought with new maturity,... And to Thousands More Where It Has Not Yet Been Seen...To the there will always be a time to accept

Millions of People Who Want to See "Martin Luther"and See It Again! help and to accept it gracefully. The

in way. help our own PRICES!

to Play Itl NOWAsk YOURATTheatrePOPULARManager When He Plans time will come when we can give to the taste of returned His mind "MARTIN LUTHER"with NIALL MacGINNIS as Martin Luther Directed by IRVING PICHEL Produced by that omelette. He wondered what

LOTHAR WOLFF Filmed by Louis de Rochemont Associates 35 West 45th St., New York 36, N.Y. he had done wrong. Well, now that

he had a better perspective about his pride he'd ask Mrs. Duncan if it had

been right to use baking soda to make it fluffy.

Handcarts Westward

(Continued from page 637) we were with them several deaths occurred."The captain of the rescue party,

George D. Grant, listened quietly;

when the narration was ended he said, "Hook up at once."

Setting out again they found the passes blocked and the trails choked

FRITOS is with snow but by next day they were the regisbusily aiding the suffering Martin tered trade mark of company. Hour after hour, floundFrito GOLDEN CHIPS OF CORN The

Co ering from one drift to another,

AT YOUR FAVORITE FOOD OR GROCERY STORE getting their (Continuedbearings onfrompage 672)the 670 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA *'V> Jtor ani <'smart.

STANDARD OPTICAL

PERSONALITY EYEWEAR

Through grade school...grammar school -./- and on to

graduation, the highest marks and the best impressions are made by those with good vision. Eyes that can study

attd concentrate... with glasses adding poise and

charm to the little girl on her first day at school... or

the young woman on her first job. Improve your vision

and your appearance with exquisitely crafted personality glasses fitted to your individual needs.

NO DOWN PAYMENT AND NO Sta APPOINTMENT NECESSARY...the expert Optometrists at Standard Optical wifl examine yoyr eyes

without a moment's delay.

273 South Main Street Salt Lake City

for that I* new car wer!

new UTOCO gasoline

t'C':;':::"12

SEPTEMBER 1954 671 670) (Continued from page to travel, too for them deep been had MILL WHEAT HANDCARTS WESTWARD their Harvest time is here! finally horses kept which they landmarks, they and Do you mountain

store wheat? Do you know the reached Devil's Gate Fort three days pulled the supply wagons alive by

value of wheat in an emergency? later. cutting down branches of trees for

You can grind your Two days after the Martin train them to browse on.

own cereal and had taken possession, the Hodgett The fort had been crowded before flour with this wheat mill, (grinds train arrived. Captain Hunt exthe relief wagons arrived; now condiVh pounds per plained in his journal the reason for tions were bad indeed.

minute.) Order the delay of the wagons. The snow "Seems hopeless,"Elliot looked at now!

Thousands already >>>*>>y>X3\iX3vJ\9v>0\s2\2v3\C sold with complete satisfaction! Money

back guarantee! Jkank Ljoci ror *j/reediom

Richard L. Evans

r Mail This Coupon PEHRSON HARDWARE CO. /\n this meaningful day for America, may we take a moEast 2102 S. nth

$595 SaltPleaseLakesendCity,meUtahone Wheat Mill. - ment from some of the side issues and from some of the

celebration, Inclosed is $6.50 check or money irrelevant thoughts our humble (Postpaid, and clear and

shipped and fersimply, knees our hearts and order.Name on our and get down in anywhere

America Address vently, thank God for freedom—and then get on our feet

for City with a firm resolve to preserve it against all who secretly or $6.50) State openly would set it aside. Thank God for freedom—and

Shipping weight 10 lbs. for the Founding Fathers who reaffirmed to a new nation,

an eternal, timeless truth: that the right of choice—that

the free agency of man—is a Godgiven inalienable right,

and is essential to the peace and growth and progress and salvation of the very soul. This truth has been challenged

again and again, and will yet be challenged again and again.

2102 So. 11th East, Salt Lake City, Utah It was challenged in the heavens before time began, by the

brilliant but rebellious Lucifer. There was war in heaven

for freedom. And anyone who seeks to enslave men in any

sense, in mind, in spirit, in thought—anyone who seeks to

enslave the minds, the hearts, the spirits of men is essentially of Spirit the the in "where league with Satan COMPLETE himself—for1 this is for the Conliberty."day is, there Lord Thank God

into being "by of brought stitution country, our was which BANKING raised of [the up wise Lord God] the hands men whom unto this very purpose."2 Thank God for the promise that

anc in this choice land, men "shall be free from bondage, and from captivity, and from all other nations under heaven, if they will but serve"God. 3 Thank God for the right of TRUST SERVICE

choice, for the right to become whatever we can become in a free and provident land that, despite its imperfections, has proved to be more efficient for progress and human happiness than any society founded on the false philosophies that would seek to enslave the minds and souls of men. God grant

All on Ground Floor that we may repent wherever we have departed from the principles of freedom—that we may preserve the right to

fail and the incentive to succeed, and live, as did the foundfortunes "pledge... our lives, our and UTAH SAVINGS & ing fathers, knowing that there are no acceptable substitutes for freedom—and

this sacred honor"nation 4 for freedom—"that our under

TRUST COMPANY God, shall have a new birth of freedom, and... shall not

perish from the earth."5

Salt Lake City, Utah JLe J5pof?eipoteen WoJ"word from temple square

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

Member Federal Deposit Insurance SYSTEM, 1ULY 4, 1954

Copyright, 1954 Corporation 3:17. Corinthians m2D. C. &

Federal Reserve System of SBook Ether 2:12. Mormon,101:80.

*Declaration of Independence.

5Gettysburg Address.

672 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA only shakeDavid, but he could mirfacehead. Grant's his Have your Captainrored discouragement. What a re- *

sponsibility rested on his young but shoulders! aadequate What chalERAS for resourcefulness courlenge andage! President Young had said, "Do PROMT

not return until every one is achandsomely bound counted for!"

of the As usual young men the for just $Q00 forrescue party looked deto him FOB SALT U LAKE CITYcision. stay can't here under "We

these conditions. There's nothing FOR BINDING YOUR ENTIRE

we can do but move on until we YEAR'S ISSUE find wood for fuel and feed for the Retainstructionsforandpermanentoutstandinguse articlesthe excellentof lastinginstock."interest that appear monthly in your ImproveLeaving Devil's Gate, the Martin ment Era. You may have editions of the Era

company came to the Sweetwater handsomelyform with goldboundstamping.now inCostclothcoveredis just $3 (prebook

River and found it full of floating paid), plus postage, for an entire year's issues.

ice. The wagons rolled through, but ADD POSTAGE FOR MAIL ORDERS

those with handcarts stood still. SaltDistanceLake fromCity, Utah Rate

Many had died from crossing the Up to 150 miles 43

Platte eighteen days earlier, and this 150 to 300 miles 49 would be pure suicide. Every avenue 300600 toto 1000600 milesmiles 5973

of escape seemed closed. 1000 to 1400 miles 88

"If we are to die now, better be 1400 to 1800 miles 1.06

here on the shore than in the icy Over 1800 miles 1.23

waters,"they argued. In the depths Send to or brincj your Era Magazines to the

of their desperation, again they supplicated the Almighty. Three eighteen-yearold boys in the rescue party, Deseret News Press

Allen Huntington, George W. Grant,——The West's Finest Binders

and David P. Kimball, stepped for31 RICHARDS STREET PHONE 4-2581 SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

ward. Each lifted a member of the

company and crossed the river carrying him on his back. To the At L.D.S. Business College you get

astonishment of everybody, they brought nearly everyone to the opposite shore. INDIVIDUAL Later, when President Young heard

of this heroic deed, he wept like achild and declared, "That act alone ATTENTION should insure those young men an Instructors give you personal attention and you learn faster when you attend L.D.S. You'll be able to earn more in aeverlasting salvation in the celestial

job. better

kingdom, worlds without end!"

The trail wound horseshoelike around the mountain ridge. EveryFall Quarter begins September 7

one scanned the huge pile of rocklike formation for a shelter roomy You can register right now.

enough for all. David sighed with New classes in both Day and Evening School.

gratitude that Pamela was well on When you are qualified, outstanding placement service assures the way to Salt Lake City and with you of the finest employment.

renewed determination turned to the intask hand.

cliffs, recess in to a the Pointing atST your like holElliot a observed, "Looks Church m ||||||fffl & V BranchBUSINESSof Brigham YoungCOLLEGEUniversity 1H milow!"KaJteHdfeBA&ftM O NORTH MAIN 3-2765 SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

"That's what it is, a cove."The

captain had seen it also and gave orders to pull up to the shelter,

FOR L.D.S. P HEADQUARTERS 1 at a slight only best be wouldwhich TULIPS IN LAS VEGAS, NEVADA 100 j SIZE BULBS ='** BLOOMINGprotection. $3 bulb of gorgeous Every

4"Unusual3*/j'large Half as a colore.around to assortmentcircumference—as themselves comYE REST They made KINGS MOTEL the "bargain"Order grade. small Dollar—not asNOW

fall D.'s. planting-. C. 526 at for ship best O. time We'll 5TH STREET SOUTH night, for possible as thefortable and varioffers Nochoicest please. CATALOG FALL NEW Dr. B. Foutz, Harold Owner Trees, Fruit of Narcissus, Tulips, Dwarf bitter cold, to the dawn's Fruitsawoke PerenEvergreens, and Roses, etiesShrubs, H. Foutz, Edgar Manager

today. It's Write Prices. nials.—Lowest FREE Mattresses Beautyrest Throughout page) following (Continued on Bridgman, Box 42, Mich. NURSERIES, THE WHITTEN

SEPTEMBER 1954 673 HANDCARTS WESTWARD f (Continued from preceding page) faced white desolation. The paracramped and stiff. They found that lyzing cold pressed in like some

thirteen had passed away in the furious foe. All day the blizzard

hours of darkness. This resting place swept through the mountains, bit

has since been called "Martin's through the flesh, and chilled the

Hollow."marrow of their bones. By nightfall

In the meanwhile the last conthe wind had blown itself out, and tingent had been pulled into Devil's they were able to see ahead and you can Gate Fort. In all there were eightysight some teams from the valley.

depend on five wagons of freight. Much of it This party was captained by Wilwas valuable, and still at least half liam Kimball, who had remained inKOLOB of the wagons would have to be used Salt Lake City less than twentyfour

for complete protection to carry disabled ones and all the hours before starting back. He had

Countless hazards threaten your home children. The best of the wagons with him James Fergusen, Hosea

every day. Loss from fire, theft and were picked out with the strongestStout, Joseph Simmons, and others.

safe to you! can storm Be happen—looking oxen. The precious cargo Next day, more teams came, and local review to Agent ask your Kolob

your present policies for dangerous was unloaded. There were a few the last of those walking were picked

loopholes and costly overlapping. Let caches, but where to put the reup, which ended the pushing of

to receive him show you how maximum cost. mainder was a problem. handcarts for the season. The few at protection minimum premium

Call him today! "We'll just dig pits and bury it,"cattle driven from Devil's Gate had

Over 300 Kolob Agents Captain Grant announced. all died before reaching Fort

serving Utah, Idaho, Monset Everyone to shovel, to work of Bridger. worst terrors the With ISevada tana and hacked by

progress. but made little Again travelers trip over, the and the had time stock strong companies.

—Complete Lloyd's Facilities—again they tried, but the blizzard to reflect on their miraculous escape.

came sweeping through the fort, Why they had not all frozen to death filling and obscuring any signs of was a wonder, a story to tell as long a pit. as time should last. They realized

"I have traveled this road fortythe debt they owed Captain Martin,

Frank Salisbury, President nine times, and I have never seen who like James Willie, did more than 330 Judge Bldg. Salt Lake City, Utah so much snow,"declared Charles he asked of any of them. And memDecker. ory remained fresh of a certain EphAnother emergency arose, what to raim Hanks, who had traveled from

cached. were far too valuable They saved and killed buffalo—which GRIND YOUR todo about the goods which were the valley, administered to the sick, unguarded. be left with lives Hearts burned of many.

pile couldn't "You the blessings up enough voiced as on love they OWN WHEAT the to money parties to remain here,"of of the relief hire me the boys heads

Elliot spoke vehemently. Others—the Utah Mountain boys.

were expressing themselves in like Four hundred thirteen of the vein. original Martin company survived

All stood stockstill as Captain the journey. Like the ones who had Model 2040

Grant came in sight and approached arrived previously, they were taken

HOBART MILL three young fellows who had been into the hearts and homes of the will grind saying they would dislike the job. Saints in Zion. Everything was done

wheat for "Will you boys stay and look after for their comfort. Wagons of the

flour or cereal the baggage?"Hunt and Hodgett contingent came

(Five different "We will, Captain."the answer trailing in until Christmas. And

grinds) came unhesitatingly. among the last to arrive was David

"And what about you, Elliot? Will Weiler.

you be among the number?"

"Yes, sir, if that is what you want."Hpies formed on the plains were as

It was like that always. Wages lasting and binding as blood recould not have been high enough lationship. So it is not strange that

This is a rebuilt Vi hp Heavy Duty Mill to tempt them to do the difficult when possible, they became neigh- (not refinished) which originally sold for tasks devolving upon them, but the bors in their new homes. Next door

$240.00. in use in Utah Over 500 for word of their captain banished all to the chosen building lot of Widow Unconditionally grinding Guaranwheat.

teed against any defect for one year. qualms. Branton was that of the Saunders.

Price $60.00 f.o.b., Salt Lake City At last the forty wagons were The day before Christmas found Cohitched to the oxen and loaded with leen Branton and Jane Saunders hi

all the children and those who were the home of Serena Ware, touching

T SALES AGENCY unable to walk. They had scarcely up the decorations on the huge wed919 So. State St.—Salt Lake City, Utah started, when they bowed their ding cake which would do honors

heads to a new onset of stormy at the reception next day for the

Phone 4-1684 weather. Pushing forward, they three young couples. Pamela was

674 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA much improved in appearance and well enough to aid David in hanging the new curtains in the Weiler home where the festivities of their wedding would take place. Allan and his

father were working early and late on the little home which Polly would grace as its mistress. These two

young people, Polly and Allan, had had eyes only for each other on the trip and now the happy day of their marriage had come.

Mrs. Garson who was helping

with the pie baking in the Ware home said, "You know I told Kathleen if she still felt the same about

Denton Greene when we reached the valley, we'd give our consent to their union. He's proven himself to be a

fine, upstanding young man. How

fortunate you are to have all your children, Coleen."She spoke wistfully thinking of her Jeanie and the

mound out on the plains.

"Yes, Sister Garson, and I try to keep my promise to them. You know

when they got so hungry out there in the wilderness I told them that

I'd give them roast beef. And I do,

whenever possible."

"And with Yorkshire pudding,"Delia added while entering the room.

There was a holiday spirit throughout the city and settlements and all felt to rejoice upon the safe arrival of so many of the immigrants.

Christmas was a special day of peace and good will for the Saints who had been fortunate enough to find safe haven. Hew Premium Gasoline

"p ver on have rolled the years. Nothing stands still, and one by one the

pioneers have gone to their reward.We who are left find ourselves conSINCLAIR

templating the heritage they have left us. We sec the grandeur of humility and stout courage to meet POWERXwhatever life might have in store.

With patience for a motto, those pioneers knew that whatever debt there to be paid, was would come in IN THE GOSPEL NET interest.God's time with and own

The spirit of victory over the implacable forces of nature had been the By Elder John A. Widtsoe

breath of their nostrils and even death had stood back and his task stayed! Faith Promoting, Inspiring

And Brother Brigham had said, "After the hardships come the blessings!"Informative, Appealing

This they lived to see and the tale of their glory rings through the corfor family readingridors of time—echoes of their tri- A book

umphal march, the story of a faith that would not—could not fail. At all Church Bookstores

SEPTEMBER 1954 675 IRIS PARKER EditorToday's

u L v.. "Allie"Marrii "Capital"Cook A

Alice Sheets Marriott

lice Sheets Marriott, a Salt Lake rears. She loves to experiment with 375 F. oven for fifteen minutes or until

/I woman who was transplanted pod, too, and to serve dishes with a firm. Serves six.

E\ twentyseven years ago to the na-!oreign flavor. She does her pickling This is an Italian dish which is detion's capital, still cooks and enterand preserving at their summer home licious, and a complete meal when

tains like a westerner. For example, in New Hampshire. Their garden served with hot French bread or hard

she makes jams, preserves, pickles, produces too many strawberries, rolls and a tossed green salad.

and chili sauce from pioneer recipes. raspberries, tomatoes, and cucumbers

And she often entertains friends "from for table use, so she thriftily preserves Tomato Aspic home"who are visiting in Washingthem and takes them back to Washton. ington to enjoy all winter long. 1 cup of tomato juice (heat one can

of tomatoes, strain, and take 1 cup

Sister Marriott has a positive interFollowing are excerpts from Sister of juice) est in food and for a very special reaMarriott's recipe files: 1 slice of onion

son. She is the wife of J. Willard 1 bay leaf

Marriott, formerly of Ogden, now La Sagne 1 stalk of celery, quartered president and founder of the famous 1 tablespoon unflavored gelatin olive tablespoons tablespoons cold water fortysevenchain of Hot Shoppe res21 ground pound beef (do not dilute) cup beef bouillon oil %2 in operationstaurant the Washington, 1 1 cup chopped juice onion tablespoon lemon

Baltimore,Philadelphia, Richmond,

Chicago,New York, Miami, and Salt 11 teaspoonclove garlicsalt y2 teaspoondash of peppersalt

Lake City areas. She has been active!/4 teaspoon pepper

in the Hot Shoppes through the years. y2 teaspoon oregano seed Combine tomato juice, onion, bay

When her husband started out with 2 eightounce cans tomato paste leaf, and celery and boil five minutes.

one very small restaurant in Wash- 1 cup tomato juice Strain and add to gelatin softened in ington, D. C, she worked side by }/2 cup hot water cold water and stir until gelatin disside with him. Through persever- 1 eightounce package of wide noodles solves. Add bouillon, lemon juice,

sharp cheese, thinly cheddar pound salt, in Chill pepper. molds. Y2 Pour and the genius a Markind ofance and

sliced firm. lettuce wateror until Serve on presentbuiltriotts the huge, have cottage (small cheese pound curd) If this cress. desired, recipe be l/2 can success organization. Theirday 1 cup grated cheese Parmesan filled large tripled a ring mold and

is Marriott, unMrs. a legend.story

enough to serve ten people. The center

til the organization grew so large, Heat oil in large, heavy skillet and of the aspic ring may be filled with did interior decorating for all the brown beef, onion, and garlic. Then shrimp salad or tuna fish salad. Serve

shops, choosing wall colors, floor covadd salt, pepper, oregano, tomato paste, with dressing in which one cucumber erings, and draperies. She still ditomato juice, and hot water. Cover has been grated.

rects the decorating of the shops for skillet and simmer fifteen minutes. In

Christmas and other special occasions. meantime, cook the noodles until tender. Cucumbers in Sour Cream

olive casserole twoquart Grease with sammeetings and attends menuShe it oil. this in in ingredients Place 1 onion medium at the test kitchens andples food in

order, only half then using and small re- 2 cucumbersshops. last half: order peating with in same 1 cream (commercial from cup sour

It is when she is preparing meals noodles, cheddar cheese, cottage cheese, dairy) at home that "Allie"Marriott's meat sauce, Parmesan cheese. Bake in 2 tablespoons vinegar

mastery of the art of cooking is most 1 teaspoon salt apparent. She likes food that is sim- 1 teaspoon sugar

ple, yet meticulously prepared, and she clings to some of the old favorites Slice onion in very thin slices and that have been in the family for separate rings. If cucumber is tender,

676 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA do not peel. If not tender, pare, and

pull fork tines down it on all sides to ip make scallops. Slice in fine, thin slices.

Add vinegar, salt, and sugar to sour Mary Kay and Johnny show you how...

cream. Mix in the vegetables and set

aside for one hour. Makes six to eight

servings. <<

This is a great favorite for buffet supLook!

pers used as a relish or meat accompaniOurment. B0YC0

B0YC0 does so many jobs... so well

Yorkshire Pudding poppy /Sk 2 eggs, well beaten barrow 2 cups milk.. it the carries load. glide just along!"I

1 flour cup that's the built of says Barrow's Johnny because Poppy 1 salt teaspoon.. steel lightweight 4-point support. with under rugged

its tray for easy handling. There's a ball bearing wheel

Have muffin tins or heavy cast iron... plus a big, wide tire that lets the Poppy Barrow glide

popover pans very hot. Into each space along. Garden tools, rubbish or plants... most anything

put onehalf teaspoon hot drippings is a breeze to move with our Poppy Barrow.

from roast beef. Fill half full of batter

and bake in 450 oven for twenty minutes. Serve at once with roast beef

and gravy. Although these are similar

to popovers, they do not pop up as high and have more of a custard consistency inside. This pudding can also be baked

in a large flat pan to which onefourth cup drippings has been added.

"This recipe belongs to my mother,

Mrs. Reed Smoot,"recalls Mrs. Marriott. "Mother was born in Yorkshire, "Presto! From

England, and when she was twelve gardening chores years old, her mother joined the Church to patio partiesthere and brought her children to Utah to live. Grandmother taught her to This big roomy tray holds 2>Vi cubic

make Yorkshire puddings, and Mother feetwork'sof dirt,doneheaped.... I justWhenaddthea Boycoday's Grill

taught me. As long as I can remember... and we're ready to sizzle

we have always had roast beef with some tasty steaks.

Yorkshire pudding for our Sunday dinner. (My grandmother always used to

save a piece to eat later with cream and sugar. She baked hers in a big, black

pan and cut it in squares.) We like

ours baked in muffin tins because it is crustier."

Meringue 4 egg whites See MaryeveryKayotherand TuesdayJohnny onnightthe—U.S.ABCTVSteel Hour

1 cup granulated sugar

1 teaspoon vinegar Tools "Black Beauty Garden 1 teaspoon vanilla to resist they're grainhardened are extra rugged because splitting... even when left outdoors. They're scientifiBeat egg whites (by hand or electric cally balanced... and finished for a tighter notwist grip!

beater) until very stiff but not dry.

Add sugar gradually, beating constantly. Then add vinegar and vanilla ft\gradually, beating well. Line cooky m

sheet with brown paper—do not grease.

Drop meringue by tablespoonfuls onto paper making eight round mounds of it. Bake at 275 F. for one hour until

light gold color. Remove with pancake

turner from paper immediately. When ts'KV

cool, crush in top and fill with ice UNITED STATES STEEL PRODUCTS cream or whipped cream. Top with DIVISION

crushed strawberries, raspberries, sliced 5T00 Santa UNITEDFe Avenue, LosSTATESAngeles,STEELCalif. CORPORATION1849 Oak Street, Alameda, Catif.

peaches, or other fruit. Serves eight.

(Continued on following page)SEPTEMBER 1954 & 677

A "Capital"Cook

(Continued from preceding page) "This is the best meringue I have found,"says Sister Marriott, "always light and tender, so easy to make, and never fails.

Mustard Pickles

1 quart small pickling onions (peeled) 1 quart cauliflower pieces, not too small 1 quart small whole cucumbers, gherkin size, if possible 2 quarts mediumsized cucumbers, half of them sliced, half of them cut in chunks to add variety... one of the finest buildings of its kind 1 quart of sliced large cucumbers (If

in the world. Here students prepare for not possible to get small ones, regular

a career in homemaking by doing it. size can be used and cut in bitesize

The girls live in apartments at the center, cutting.)pieces. Measure all cucumbers after

using the most modern equipment and 4 green peppers, thinly sliced the latest ideas in homemaking. It's a 4 large green tomatoes, very thinly

dream come true for Dr. Virginia F. sliced (These add body to pickles.)

Cutler, head of the University Make a brine with one gallon cold

Home Economics Department. water and two cups of common salt

dissolved in it. Common salt is coarser

and stronger than table salt, but is not

This beautiful building is rock salt. Put vegetables in glass or

kept spotless with the crockery bowls, pour brine over them, world's most modern and let stand over night—about twelve

cleaning appliance—to sixteen hours. Leave in brine and

bring to boil, then simmer until tender

Filter After using Queen.—about

Filter her Queen in own Dr. Cutler Drain off ten brine—leaveminutes. Do vegetablesnot overcook.in

apartment, Dr. Cutler said: "Filter Queen colander until well drained—two or

does a beautiful job! Certainly with this three minutes. Then put them in large

appliance there is no excuse for not having pan or roaster and while they are still sauce, the following over hot, pour thema clean and attractive horhe."while earlier prepare can you which

When you select your new cleaner—use the vegetables are simmering:

the same care they used at the Home

Living Center. Get a demonstration of Filter Sauce

Queen in your home. You'll agree it's the 1 cup flour

greatest cleaning appliance ever built. 2 cups sugar

1 tablespoon celery seed Write for address of your nearest dealer 6 tablespoons dry mustard turmeric (for coloring) 1 tablespoon cups cider vinegar FILTER QUEEN CO. 2

1993 So. llth E. - 845259 - Salt Lake City

-f >4M- <)< )-B-( > K'(IH)()IHBHIK)- Add vinegar to dry ingredients to

QCCgBBg make a paste. Bring to a boil 2 quarts

PIKES PEAK IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS ofciderwater.vinegarAddandto onepasteandandonehalfcook untilcups

in treatment simple of Canker, Aids over Pour ten minutes. thickens—about throat minor and other jars imFLOUR sore in sterile and seal mouth vegetables

With FOUR and throat irritations. mediately. Makes about fourteen pints.

Extra Baking Chili Sauce Advantages HALLS REMEDY

Salt Lake City, Utah SALT LAKE FLOUR MILLS 45 large ripe tomatoes, peeled 9 large onions, chopped (put through 5th South 425 West

City, Salt Utah DO Lake left LE ATHERCRAFTIT - YOURSELF 8 foodsmallchopper,red chilicoarsepeppersblade)(tepines) whole FREE cups cider vinegar Learn how to makeCATALOGextra money with 2

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Tandy'sThe Nation's"YouMake-lt"Leader in Kits.Leathercraft 11 cupcup whitebrown sugarsugar

4 tablespoons celery salt 12 months $2.50 TANDY LEATHER CO., SSajTBL

678 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

4 tablespoons table salt 2 teaspoons cloves 2 teaspoons cinnamon 2 teaspoons ginger 1 teaspoon allspice 1 teaspoon mace (optional)

Cut up tomatoes and boil a little in white enamel or granite pan. Add other

ingredients and boil down until thick about four or five hours. Stir often to

in sterile sticking. Pour fromkeep jars... switch to a/oT breakfast ten pints. about at once. Makesand seal

Serve with roast beef, etc.

Sister Marriott has always been active in the Church. She was a counselor in the first Primary organized

in Washington and taught Sunday

School for years. Now she finds it a

fulltime job to perform her duties as wife of the stake president.

She studied interior decorating in

Washington and has recently used this hobby to good advantage for the benefit of the Church. She just completed

decorating the new Chevy Chase Ward

Chapel. As chairman of the decorating

committee, she selected pews, floors, wall colors, draperies, and the organ grille. Another of ber artistic hobbies is

the collection of Meissen and Dresden china.

The Marriotts visited Salt Lake City last June to see their son, John Willard,

Jr. (Bill), graduated from the University

of Utah with high honors and a commission of ensign in the U. S. Navy.

Richard Edwin (Dickie), age fifteen,has two more years of high school in 7yWHEAT HEARTS

Washington, D. C.

the -cereal

recommended by HANDY HINTS

Payment for Handy Hints used will be one dollar upon publication. In the event

that two with the same idea are submitted, the one postmarked earlier will receive the dollar. None of the ideas can be returned,

but each will receive careful consideration. of GENERAL MILLS

shirextensive doing sewing where When in "The thing you'll like about Wheat twist is required,ring use buttonhole place of regular thread in both the bobbin Hearts,"says Betty Crocker of General and upper thread on the machine. The Mills, "is the delicious creamy taste. And

twist will not break when it is pulled and of course, it's so nourishing—especially

gives a uniform job. The shirred garment good for cool fall mornings."

will stand through repeated washings. Mrs.

W. P., Salt Lake City, Utah. 6 times richer. Contains wheat germ—

6 times richer in Vitamin B-l than whole

Scratches in your mahogany or other dark wheat itself. Helps build energy and

wood can be hidden by painting them with vigor. Cooks in 3 minutes. Serve

iodine. Mrs. R. E. B., Ddphos, Ohio. every day. It's Sperry good

Does washing and waxing your kitchenlinoleum take up too much time? Then try ettQvDck&v

adding four tablespoons laundry starch to your pail of soapy water. Your floors will AMERICA'S FIRST LADY OF FOOD

shine as if waxed. Mrs. R. M., San FranSPERRY,""BETTY CROCKER,""WHEAT HEARTS"ARE REGISTERED TRADEMARKS OF GENERAL MILLS, INC.

cisco, Calif.

SEPTEMBER 1954 679 IT'S WILD BERRY

PICKING TIME

By Iris Parker ictricfcfoj gKreakfasts c Thewithto herPioneera problemfamily'shousewifeofdietlendingthatwasvarietywouldfaced 'have taxed the most energetic and

Moment's BoiledWfoatFlafes ingeniousmet the challengecook of ourandday.thereButwereshe

Big,plump, meaty flakestwice as delicious %| jelliesall winterand long.preserves on the shelves

her answer? She utiwas and \ftm times as large as othei> flakes. lizedWhatthe scanty products of nature

Full of natures own vitamins and! the wild berries along the streams

""k minerals of golden ripe wheai and in the mountains. There are

many who can remember the rubyred perfection of bullberry jelly, the j) jjPolfea WheatRate bittersweetrich, piquanttangflavorof ofchokecherry,elderberry jelthe areasnap to fix. 1 ly, and the bland, meaty serviceberry. Yes, there are many who recooks in seconds/ P% call with delight these delicacies of

their parents'|: pioneer day days and Try some today

still a are even and there few who make these delicious jellies and jams to bring a special western distinction to their table.

* immifiBBis Do you remember the bullberry—l-UJheat

or perhaps you know it as the redberry? It grows on a grayish green

bush, covered with sharp spikes and thorns. We used to have a thicket

of them in our pasture. It is slow, For tedious work to pick these berries, so BEST we did it on a wholesale scale. Once

a season our entire family would go down to the pasture on an early fall:<**-Lunches evening and gather bullberries. We FAMLEE

would take along a tarpaulin or large canvas. My father or one of the boys,

with gloves to protect his hands, would break off the branches and place them on one half of the canvas.

We would fold the other half over.

Then the fun would begin. With

clubs we would all beat on the canvas. After we had given it a thorough

threshing, we would uncover the branches and most of the berries would have fallen onto the canvas.

The fruit would be poured into buckets and a new supply of branches gathered.

We would take the bullberries home and my mother and some of us girls would remove the leaves and twigs and wash them to be made into juice for jelly. The berries looked

delicious and we were always hungry for fresh fruit; so invariably my

father would request a bowl of berries to be washed and picked over, to 680 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA be eaten with cream and sugar. Some

of the others of us would join him, but they didn't taste quite as good as they looked. They were very sour

and puckery to eat, so sour that the cream would curdle when you poured year it over them. But it is this very sour

quality that'makes them so good for jelly. They need no lemon juice yearand no pectin, although if you make

jelly by the pectin method, it can be used, of course. These berries arenot very juicy, so they will need water year /

for a cooked to beadded and few V the juice. to bring out Useminutes

themaking—equalstandard proportionsparts of waterfor jellyand

juice, and use your regular jelly test.

You will have a delightful treat if you can find a bullberry patch, go Salt Lake's on a berry picking party, and make some jelly. most popular dining spot

Elderberries also grow wild but

SALTRISING BREAD O F F E E COMING UP! Thanks for the wonderful reSHOP

sponse to the request for saltHotel Utah Max Carpenter, Manager rising bread recipes. We're finding some interesting and tempting <m I Bring the children—we love them!

variations of this pioneer favorite.

After the recipes have been checked, we will give you a report, and some of the choice recipes. Look for them in a

coming issue of The Improvement Era.

they are so popular for jellymaking that recipes are included in many standard recipe books. An aunt of

mine, Mrs. Francis Lyman, who lived

in Boulder, Utah, used to make elderberry jelly every year, because they grow in abundance on the Boulder

Mountain. It is delicious; however, you have to become accustomed

to the peculiar flavor. Aunt Hazel

mixed elderberries and crab apples, been winning cooking contests for 37 years using half elderberry juice and half apple juice, and an equivaUtah Cook Wins 13 Top Awards lent amount of sugar. If the elderMrs. M. Taylor Carmichael holds It's tops with expert cooks... and

berries were partly green, she would a few of the hundreds of ribbons she's no wonder! Fleischmann's Active

then use them alone because there won in cooking contests. Mrs. CarDry Yeast keeps for months. It's so

fast can michael has to use. winning you been easy awards and And in pectin the fruit. plenty ofwas

.. strips. last it in 37 13 3-package years. and fall took handy buy Elderberries delicious a sumfor make Fair. prizes economiat the are top State Three's""Thrifty more

mer drink, too. Verda Mae ChristenMrs. Carmichael, of Coalville, is cal, easier to store. When you bake

sen told me of a recipe for a punch another prizewinning cook who uses at home use Fleischmann's Active base that comes from on old MenFleischmann's Active Dry Yeast. Dry Yeast.

nonite cookbook: "It's so convenient,"she says.

4 quarts elderberries "Stays fresh for months right on my Get the New (Concluded on following page) shelf and always rises fast."'Thrifty Three"

SEPTEMBER 1954 681 r ITS WILD BERRY PICKING TIME (Concluded from preceding page) will be going on another berrypick- KITCHEn CHflRfTl

WAXED PAPER 2 Vinegarcups sugarto tocovereach quart juice ingServiceberriesexpedition. are fine to eat fresh.

excellent for are also piemaking They KEEPS FOOD are wonderful and they canned Wash berries, cover with vinegar.

FRESHER LONGER! Let stand twentyfour hours. Squeeze If they are used in jellymaking,fresh.bethrough cloth bag and measure juice. cause of the sweet, bland flavor, they Add sugar and stir until dissolved. must be combined with tart apples v Boil twenty minutes and pour into or currants and lemon juice.

bottles and seal. Or it may be chilled Chokecherries grow at rather high

immediately, and more water added, altitudes and are to be found in most and lemon juice and more sugar if of our western canyons. They are a

you wish, and served as a drink. rich, purplered when ripe. They

Verda Mae also told me about servhave a rather puckery flavor, but can iceberries. She used to gather these be made into a lovely, opaque jelly

berries along the river banks in that is delicious served with duck, western Canada in her childhood. sage hen, venison—any game. Pectin

Serviceberries grow there in such may be necessary in your jellymaking quantities that people often can them—and there are some cooks who use

fresh—as many as one hundred quarts two parts chokecherry juice and one

for a family of five or six grown boys. part apple juice.

The river was quite a distance from Why not take advantage of these the farming district, so they would gifts of nature? The next time you're

go on berrypicking expeditions, often seeking relaxation in the canyons and camping overnight. Verda Mae had mountains, plan to do some berry

a wistful look in her eye as she repicking. It's a satisfying way to

called the bland, meaty flavor of these spend your time outof-doors—and a

berries. She says it makes her hungry real sense of accomplishment comes

POPULAR WITH MILLIONS to think of them. She just learned after you have converted the fruits

O F HOUSEWIVES... that they can be found in Big Cotof your labor into delicacies for your

AT ALL LEADING GROCERS tonwood Canyon, so no doubt she table.

not too early

by Marion D. Hanks

OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY

it light story traded the and for somepeople who young know thing desirable his appeared which but Mostof precious Aladdin, how ''':: Make your actually cheap for and glitwas shoddy and traded a more lamp was reservations now

for 1955 European Tours. tery, shiny one which seemed at the unsatisfying.

information, Receive complete I would want reservations, arrangemoment very desirable and attractive If I were in my teens and travel ments at no additional cost. Write but which turned out to be worthless to understand the relevance of the

or call 5-6552 or 5-5924 now! and useless. The villain of the story principle of the story of Aladdin to

was a scheming man who knew the me and my life. I would want to

value of the old lamp, and who with understand the tremendous imevil purpose acquired it by sounding portance to my personal happiness of UNIVERSAL the enticing cry: "New lamps for appreciating and honoring the preJravel Service old."count wasThe Mrs.tragicAladdin,figure ofwhothe hadacciousI wouldlighthopeI haveto bebeenmadeblessedawarewith.of

Temple Square Hotel - Salt Lake City not learned the worth of the priceless the great worth of the light of the 682 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA gospel in my life and of the light of or the overloaded shopper or the Why Share Your Space liberty which is my heritage in this frightened child or the heavily burwith a Swinging Door?

great free land. I would observe, dened young mother. In addition to

too, that immoral and deluded and keeping the commandments and helpdishonest people still walk the ing to make the world a happier streets of my neighborhood and my place, I would be having real fun town and the corridors of my school and with almost no competition! (At

trying to get me to trade the lamps least until I helped get the word my fathers made possible for me for around!)

their shiny "new lamps"of corruption I would insist that a little of my and unbelief and indolence and distime each day be devoted to myself loyalty. for the quiet experience of thinking

I would seek and pray for teachers or meditating or reading excellent who could help me to understand books. I would try to read somewhich are lasting values and which thing out of the "good"literature

arc not, and for companions with every day. I would contrive to get

whom I could freely and happily find a world globe or a series of maps, and enjoy that which is of persisting and I would acquaint myself with to be never unhope I wouldworth. as I other places people other and a "MODERNFOLD"to trade a lifetime andwise enough maganewspapers and read the news takes none door selfrespect of peace andan eternity of the books great zines FOR LIVING the SPACE and day MORE

for a few minutes of illicit and quesof adventure and experience. I RIGIDNEW COLORFULSTRENGTHBEAUTYOF STEEL

tionable "pleasure."would know the geography of the MOVABLE WALLS

doors fold the that again, I a teen I would Were I live in which world live diminishing like accordion an of a greater that confiwith measure is that learn and I would my world dence in God and in the triumph of peopled with humans much like myhis ultimate purposes which men call self in their basic nature. In this

faith. I would more joyfully recogmanner I would hope to help avoid

nize the conviction in my soul that the attitude of the closed mind which men call testimony, realizing that to men call prejudice, and I would be For demonstration write or phone know that the gospel is true does not on the way toward learning to really is all to there that require one know love brother, as my Father wants my 1343 South ALDERSMain Salt Lake City to able it or be that he aboutknow do. me to Phone 7-1531 questions can all the anyoneanswer

ask, but that a testimony is a gift of Since the young are often afraid "MorePleaseSpacesendformeLiving"your IE-3.free booklet entitled

God, a conviction spiritually enand inwardly lacking in faith and NAME dowed, that to the extent of our inconfidence, I would try to be cheerAddress...

.State..formation and experience and feelful and affirmative, to be friendly City ing we know that the gospel is good and genuine and good to be with. If

and true. I were seriously concerned with myself, ininadequacies and own my testimony and grow would My faith

I abilities, start earnestly and would fruitfully to as surely and I came sincerely to be interested in others learn what most of us did not underand concerned with their problems. I werestand we when teenaged—that

is alone not repentance for those who would try to think and talk less about myself and more about others. I have made the "big"mistakes, but

would cultivate cheerfulness and shun that it is the principle of improvement grimness and preoccupation with myand growth through which every child of God must constantly seek to self.

overcome weaknesses and compenBelieving that my body is a very sate for mistakes. Knowing that my important component of my eternal For everything

Heavenly Father loves me with Godly self, I would start early to learn about in fine Church Furniture it and systematically to care for has sincerity that he grace and and it. It will pay you to consider

I try to eat intelligently, sleep forget to would forgive and and promised Seating prodAmerican Company never mention my mistakes if I am adequately, and exercise regularly. I ucts when you reseat, remodel, or

truly, humbly repentant would give would hike and swim and bicycle and build. Bodiform pews, chancel

me added strength to be obedient play ball. I would hope to play furniture,work by Americanand architecturalSeating woodCom-

and greater encouragement to abanhard enough and well enough to expany craftsmen assure liturgical don error and grow more nearly like perience the thrill of competition, repcorrectness and long service. Write

the person I would want to be. resenting my school or my ward or for information desired.

Depart menl 1169 I would want to know the real my community. If it were not in

I football or basketball, yet would I try others. of would helping fun Seati/tg (bmpany learn to play to cdmeZican well, some game teenager rare the who has to be

Seating in Public World's Leader excel. to handicaps, overcome and of real pleasure early the learned 2, Mich. Rapids W., Grand N. 901 Broadway

stopping to help the stranded motorist (Concluded on page 685)

SEPTEMBER 1954 683 So easy with FULCOLOR to - o-f itPaint -aincl be proud

Start with high hope. Finish with deep pride. Expect nothing less from

velvetyflat Latexbase FulColor. FulColor covers walls easily, smoothly

—dries in an hour—stays washable for years. Any colors you want to

make your room you. Plenty of painting helps to make the work fun.

For you? Indeed, yes!

And use "these SHORTCUT helpers

s*s DON'T MOVE THINGS OUT TO SAVE THEM SOIL.

FOLDER PLAN FULLER'S COLOR TRY LETS YOU

BEFORE PAINT SCHEME COLOR YOU YOUR BUY. J0 COVERInexpensive'EM UP—lightweightSAVE ALL THATpaperTOIL.drop cloth keeps

Carry Folder to check colors when buying fabrics. everything clean.

STAND ON THE FLOOR

AND PAINT YOUR CEILING.

NO UP AND DOWN CLIMBING—WHAT A RESTFUL FEELING. FLUSH ROLLER AND BRUSH

CLEAN AS AS NEW Handle clamps TAP, THE UNDER LAUNDRY roller; paint on MINUTE TWO. IN A OR

makes high work easier. No long, tedious

cleanup time with FulColor.

For Names of Good Painters Upon Whom to DependSEE YOUR FULLER PAINT DEALERYour Neighborhood Friend 684 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

If I Were in My Teens (Concluded from page 683) This, I know, would help greatly to prepare me for the game of life.

As I would like to be strong physically, so would I hope to be strong enough morally never to surrender even one ideal, whatever the For Economy, Comfort, and circumstance. I would want to know Lasting Beauty in Church Seating

the truth: that no strong and courageous boy or girl ever loses anything At Salt Lake Cabinet you'll find an exworth while by cheerful and humble tensive selection of church seating

conformity to what he knows to be styles in contourshaped wood and upright. As I would try to avoid the holstered pews, as well as comfortable

mistake, so would I endeavor to avoid "opera chair"styles. Workmanship

the sanctimonious or the smug or the and materials are the finest available superior attitude. Then I know that... yet prices are among the lowest.

I would be respected (and in some cases probably emulated) and not resented.

I would want to at least help pay my own bills, buy my own clothes,

I Lake take Salt earn way. would own Cabinet my

Salt Lake City, Utah **ii *ff** it in pride be work, honest as a newsand Fixture Co. *

paper carrier, elevator operator, or carpenter's helper. It would not be

of desperate importance to me to have everything that everyone else had, or all that I would like to have.

I would learn the value of having to do without some things and of waiting for others.

Whatever my job I would try to do well at it and enjoy it and progress Including at it. I would thus learn some of What you see and do! HOTEL ACCOMMODATIONS

Here's exciting an into the adventure life. SIGHTSEEING greatest SPECIAL of lessons the

heart Old of trip Mexico! escorted Your

ROUND TRIP TRANSPORTATION.. takes to enchanting you I City to learn Mexico the lesson would seek

Puebla... ancient Xochimilco with its

of Thoreau in Walden (one of the Floating Gardens... Cuernavaca... Pyr- (15 DAYS)

.. Taxco and many other ONLY $207.85 Plus taxgood books I would read, in spite of amidfascinatingof Cholulaattractions!.

all competition): all the details aboutSend thethis couponwonderfulbelowGreyfor From Salt Lake City

The poet withdrew, having enjoyed the hound Mexico Tour. Mail it today!

most valuable part of the farm, while the crusty farmer thought he had got a few GREYHOUND TRAVEL BUREAU wild apples only, Salt107 WestLake SouthCity 10,TempleUtah

I would learn to love mountains NAME and trails and sunsets and rain and snow and the earlymorning hour as well as to grow apples or try lawsuits or sell clothes. I would enjoy

the things around me, an opportunity ofI a Woman possess as fully as living any other caught ppSEND FOR m The whoStorywassoul. try I would to to commit memIn the Gospel Netory—and fine truths, to life—many Free Reamong them this from Goethe:

By DR. JOHN A. WIDTSOE START SPEAKING

What from your fathers'heritage is lent, At Book Stores—$1.75

earn it anew to really possess it. FRENCH

Being grateful for the great lighted ALMOST OVtRNIGHT! JPUnbreakable... moulded SPAN ISH glass. the like look to easiest learn to Light way FRENCH, 3lamps passed on the fathers by to me T-TERE'S11 or SPANISH,Brazilian. Italian, Russian. German, Japanese weight, free. noise Eco- f 2 to Listen record. -sided your Let nonbreakable FREEof faith, country and as my my height. follow well eyes in once nomical. words Almost Standard sample FREE

you'll perfect ataccent! chatting a in he a lesson.with language new dealer. your Order I of fromas flesh, I all would could do my all That's listen hear! you needed. memorizing No

It's to imitate! that 2 5<* soon. Offer easy! end JustRush may SPECIAL OFFERpersonally is the of only cover help cost special shipping. State packaging, to earn—which trial lot language want. on also free you send information We'll Mail $1.00 for of

I full course. Cortina obligation. personally mightway No ACADEMY. CORTINA postpaid. sent dozen one possess—the Dept. 19. St., York 52nd 136 W. New 879,

great heritage they gave me. 55 Sudbury St., Boston 14, Mass.

SEPTEMBER 1954 685 These Ti Trdvei by 1. Study{ContinueAthe "properfrom role"page of611)the Federal Government in intergovernmental

so that: relations Lcng D isfame a. Intergovernmental relations may be

clearly denned.

b. Governmental functions (e.g. education, social security, highways)

can be allocated to "their proper jurisdiction."

2. After this study, make some recommendations that will help Congress

to "adjust"finances, costs, taxes, grants, etc., between the Federal Government,,

the states, and their political subdivisions.

This is a large order. It is virtually and save

a charge to the Commission to write a the difference charter,future of agovernmentset of policies,withinto theguideUnitedthe

States. The Constitution prevails. But

Momu\H 5vun Tfjfphome itsgivingvirtueit offlexibility,broad, generallacks someprinciples,specificity for the closing decades of the twentieth century. It is in the spirit

of preserving the great constitutional national DIAGRAMS schemegovernmentalthat theRelationsCommissionhas beenon calledInterCompacType Illustrating Latter - day Saint intosion beingis doingby Congress.important TheworkCommiswith a

principles with complete scripfine staff, headed at this writing by BIBLES tural references and condensed President George C. S. Benson of ClareBELOVED KING

JAMES VERSION summaries of Church doctrines. mont Men's College, Pomona, CaliExtremely helpful for teachers, fornia, an able and leading American

students, and all Church mempolitical scientist. It was a pleasure for

bers. the writer to be invited to Washington,

Author, A. P. Merrill D.C., during the summer of 1954 to

confer with Dr. Benson, Chairman

PRICE—$1.00 EACH Kestnbaum, and their associates on some

of these leading matters.

NOW!—for the first time, you can Available at The Commission, under Mr. KestnBibles by from three handsome choose

for specifically designed NATIONAL, DESERET BOOK COMPANY threebaum importantand Dr. Benson,committees:has established(1) on presentaindividual for or awards group

tions! All are exceptionally thin—less 44 East South Temple Projects and Organization; (2) on

than 1"—in convenient 5"x lW size. Principles and Historical Development

in clearcut are printed CompacType All Salt Lake City 10, Utah of the American Federal Government; attractively paper, and Bible white on

priced at $1.95, $2.75, and $4.50. (3) on Grantsin-Aid. Ten "Study

Committees"on the issue of the allocation of functions have also been esASK tJ tablished. Readers of this column will

C/l CENTURY OF be glad to know that Dr. Adam S.

of the Council of the Twelve is national BIBLES Bennion

AT LEADING BIBLE STORES serving with distinction as Chairman of the study committee on "Federal

Responsibility in the Field of EducaDRINK Write for information tion."local government,Others are studyaid committeesto states foron

revenues, agriculture, public in which ficqo on type of organ disasters, highways, in lieu taxes and you shared A delightful health, welfare, conservation natand hot beverage interested. for those are

who don't drink coffee. ural resources, unemployment compenAT YOUR GROCERS sation and employment offices.

Thus proceeds the attack, the search for facts and for wise policies, on one of all the of most complicated problems. PIPE ORGANS FUN! by Ray L. BergmanROADSHOWSARE of network The maze and American REED ORGANS Produce to Write and Them How institutions this governmental contion

$1.00 ORDER BY MAIL NOW nent are enormously complex. Perhaps.

Plus.07 post.

R. L. Bergman, 749 Bryan, Salt Lake City 5. one of the best results of the CommisAlso Deseret Book; Hansen Play Co., Salt Lake ESTEY ORGAN CORP., BRATTLEBORO/VT. sion's work will be a rebirth of interest

686 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA in the study of American government at the college and university level. The

American system of government is one FIRST IN THE FIELD OF of the most magnificent objects in the history of human culture. Man is immersed in "political culture"in these

times, fish in like a a pond. It is time

more fish something about the To create a worshipful, inspiring full knew

its pond,nature of the structure, ororgan ensemble electronically requiresganization, general and management.

all of the following...

GYROPHONIC.PROJECTOR*

instead of ordinary loud speakers

HIGH FIDELITY AMPLIFICATION Melchizedek Priesthood PIPERESONATORORGAN TONEVOICINGCIRCUITSTECHNIQUES (Concluded from page 667) Eighth: "Before quorum help is THE "ALLEN"IS THE

given missionaries or members in ONLY ELECTRONIC ORGAN need, consultation should be had conOFFERING THESE FEATURES

Churchcerning each case with the 'Approved bishop or For free information and literature write—*U.S. Patent 2,491,674 Xi

Price welfare committee, to determineward $1660 the worthiness of the case and to DUNKLEY MUSIC CO. and up

OGDEN SALT LAKE CITY LOGAN PROVO avoid duplication of effort."Phone 4-3444 Phone 5-9703 Phone 630 Phone 3757

Ninth: "Quorums should not

speculate and thereby endanger their resources. They are to keep their

intact, safemonies and and whole, HighSpeed Juicer authority proper underexpend them PHOTO COPIES New for the worthy purposes of priesthood from any photo or negative for Home Use activity and for the purposes for which they are raised."(Ibid., page - GENEALOGY -

52.) GRADUATION - APPLICATION

-FRIENDSHIP EXCHANGEDividing Quorum Funds $ 00 postpaid 1 from one pose On certain occasions quorums are 20 x divided either because of excessive

Convenient wallet size—2Vi"x3W. Doubleor the division weightmembership through portrait paper, finest satin finish, for rich, 4&

lasting beauty.

stake.of an existing such a When

Weight| MAIL WITH ORDER NOW! MONEYdivision occurs, all quorum funds 19 lbs.

photo, Enclose with or negative dollar snapshot a divided percentage beshould on for each Photos 20 one pose. from

b ieedhuitorvegt xpeUhePulp.basis existing of membership quorum the tu d extract Appr wlU UNITED PHOTO orvd in U-1, (excluding brethren being ordained U.L. 351 Box—Ogden, Utah $150

to strengthen the new quorums thus FREE,on request.convenient mailing supplies gladly furnished gT\i:'M Mode*'u"Dj,75elivered in Canc.dc

created) comprising the newly-.\- Also available: Benforformed quorums. When properties nettfountains,Modeljuice"B"bars,

are cannot involved which institutions. $275** be divided TTUm/ioeor shared, cooperatively a satisfactory

See Your Dealer or Write toagreement should be made wherein L FOLDING one of the quorums purchases the BANQUET THE BENNETT CO.

Dept. E, 1028 Geary St., San Francisco 9, Californiashare owned by the other. TABLES

THE FAREWELL

By Arthur Wallace Peach

Beautiful Calfskin with exclusive lovely sunset a hasnr*HE way TRUCKS design temple saddle, brown,—For Chairs -* farewell the to saying day Of red green or and $5.00 storingMONROEeasy, for9x3"—inmenWallet women. truck wayTables modernFoldingtables EachandConstrue if postpaid hills cash long. anywhere the accompanies golden wordsWith

of handlesthetion chairs.permits No. eitherTruck storage TSCor Transport Storage order. available kits Also in assemble, you in limited space. into silence songTurning No. Truck TS 5 $3.00. returnable days. Money

direct their Units inquiries Church to may the GIFT WITH CHARACTERin A Purchasing Church 47 Department, East far in fades that darkness songA Salt Temple, South 1, City Utah. LakeBut leaves an echo in a star; BENSON'S LEATHERCRAFT

"Wlomoe. COMPANY the the great thenAnd

STREET, CHURCH hills, grave and slow, / 249 COLFAX. IOWA \ SALT2343 LAKESo. RedwoodCITY, UTAHRd. the villagesBless below!

SEPTEMBER 1954 687 Saseba, Japan Dear Sir: enjoy so much receiving this magazine, that I would not like

I to miss even one copy. Here at Saseba (Japan) we have been

having only one meeting a week so, when I receive a copy of The

Improvement Era it surely does add a lift to the week.

I also want to congratulate you on the very fine work done on Gospel Ideals. I truly love President McKay's words so much

and am glad that I purchased that book when I had the chance.

Your organization of his words is a wonderful guide to daily living. /s/ Frank Phillips

USS Siboney FPO New York, New York Dear Editors:

Respectfully do I congratulate you on your Improvement Era as a magazine, printing and bringing to all who read it untold knowledge and appreciation of our great Church. The

Era has been a constant companion to me since my enlistment

SERVICEMEN IN ULM, GERMANY into expressthe navalthe servicewealth nearlyof blessingsfour yearsit hasago.broughtI cannotme infindthe wordsform

story feature, every editorial, and every living. righteous of Every thirty are fifteen regularly'T'here about servicemen with meet who for our necessary so solid material gives us in the presented Era -*- of the in German Church members Ulm, Germany. Group life. of way

is F.leader Pruhs, in Jacques California, whose Alhambra, home elders'like quorum the and to bishop publicly thank would

five this of of his friends. right are Left to ofsends photo some the receive to it Era for possible for of making me ward myIof the Stone, group: Purser, Odell Virginia; Gerald Logan, West it faithfully. to so for Office sending also the me regularly Era and Robert Reece, Mauzy,Utah; Ogden, Utah; Aberdeen, Norman brother, Sincerely your

Idaho; and Elder Pruhs. Dennis E. Skinner

A WINNER FROM SPOKANE Nightmare Testing Range

Dear Editors:

f enclose my change of address. I want to take this opportunity

* to express my thankfulness to the people of Bynum, Montana, for my receiving The Improvement Era through them. It is

truly a magazine. wonderful Karen McMuIlin, has had Wood

helps our keep clean during Improvement minds Era The at percent one attendance hundred

It is closer in us to tour Korea. the keeps our Church. There no School, Sunday meeting, sacrament

I of liquor doesn't advertise that tobacco. other magazine and know for four years. onehalf and and MIA

are of all are something think can poems we The day when we She a Bee was an and Honor Mia

It faster. the helps go working. days is her working Joy, towards and now

I it I is all of sure that the here and GFs know LDS am Silver Gleaner. taught has a She

Primary class for four years and has the best.

been a Jr. Sunday School organist. Isl Pvt. Stanley Gunther

She is now a member of the Spokane

Fourth Ward, Spokane (Washing-:lllli!

ton) Stake.

Karen W. McMuIlin

A PERFECT ATTENDANCE RECORD

Marilyn Swaner has just completed her sixth year of perfect attendance at sacrament meeting, Sunday School, and MIA. She is an Honor Bee, a

Mia Joy, and will be eligible for her

Silver Gleaner award on her nineteenth birthday. She has received an

Individual Award for her Church LDS GROUP IN ANKARA, TURKEY activity each year. Marilyn is a

member of the Ogden Eighteenth "KTTembers throughout the world find strength in the Church as

Ward, Weber (Utah) Stake. *-"* they meet in organized groups. Here is the LDS group in

Turkey. First row: William R. Hofstetter, Glendale, California;

Glen B. Edmunds, Manti, Utah; Harvey Rex Gardner, (group

leader), Colusa, California; Jay L. Long, Wellsville, Utah. Second

row: Hope K. and Edward R. Pledge, San Angelo, Texas; Betsy

W. Long, Wellsville, Utah; Iona L. and Elwood A. Worthen,

Marilyn Swaner Salt Lake City.

688 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA You're a "marked woman"wnen you put two or your most colorful extension Bracelets around your ankle as shown in this entrancing Fashion Recipe

Powder -Puff ZEE Tissue...

soft, lovely colors ana

purest white... your choice

at no extra cost!

April Yellow

Ballet Pink

Soft Wkitl

4 rolls of the color you like Foam Greei in each handy FamilyPak

Crown Zellerhacn Corporation 1954.

,,, Skarina tfu (jood*Jhinas ofJ]fe

WrSCHOOL BUS f>

| 'tMttt*t*teY coo* J

o

Oahiitlhox/m

closer one step and move up a grade,. They First day of school. to the college or other more costly advanced

Who says a dog can't talk! Was there training that they'll soon be needing. It's

ever a more eloquent expression of loneliness a good time to reevaluate your life insurthan the eyes of a boy's dog on the first ance program. Does it meet the needs of

day of school? your growing family? The friendly Bene-

"Back to school"marks the beginning ficial agent in your community can be a of a new era for your children, too.... real help. Call him soon.

BENEFICIAL LIFE Insurance Company

David O. McKay, Pres Salt Lake City - Utah