gutif,, 1939 SEE PAGE 386

RETURN POSTAGi'GUARANTEED SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH This Is the Year to Travel in the West!

<s* HUtfOREDRING CIRCUS w& Lk SEE ALL OF IT YOU CAN! *mir JUL**

''EST*-* %/AA K* *'H *#& RroAl A thousand thrills in store—for your

vacation in the West this year!

Eleven Western states are playing host to the nation's travelers—staging gayfiestas... sport events... pageants... iu<33iH

air races... rodeos... almost every

kind of attraction under the sun!

Let Shell Touring Service help you do it up right this year. With a vacation trip

that's pleasant every mile of the way. No

whereto-stay problems. No wrong roads.

Your questions all answered in advance.

Ask your neighborhood Shell dealer about free Shell Touring Service today. Tell him where—and when—you want

to go. He will send a special card to Shell Tour-

.iEgoB T\T\ ing Headquarters requesting this information

M* Here a staff of touring experts will trace your route on a U. S. map, carefully selecting the best roads, and good

places to stop

You'll be sent this marked map, plus a map of each state you'll pass through. And at

your request, lists of trailer camps, auto courts and hotels... and other information

"(Budget Trips to Treasure Island

on San Francisco Bay"

This handy folder contains tips that can make your

World's Fair trip as economical as it is enjoyable! Included to is a keep form dayby-day expenses. Also conYou'll start out without to worry your name. tains mileage chart driving and to time Francisco San from You'll the roads know the sights see. to to take—a cities, principal other and data. handy For copy, FREE You'll truly have carefree a vacation! write Shell Touring St., Bureau, 100 Francisco. Bush San

BEET SUGAR BE YOUR CHOICE FOR CAMMING

Thrifty housewives are canning fruit this seaToday's Beet Sugar is unsurpassed in son. It's economical. It's so easy. And, quality or purity—no finer sugar is produced

somehow, nothing is so delicious in winter as anywhere... and the price you pay

a dish of "mother's"jam or preserves. for home produced Beet Sugar is reasonable.

As your favorite fruit or berry comes in season preserve it with Beet Sugar. Pure, fine So this year, for perfect results with your

granulated, quick dissolving. We guaranhome canning, let home produced Beet

tee you can't buy better sugar for canning, Sugar be your choice.... We guarantee

preserving, jellies and jams! it!

The Sugar Beet farmer is your economic neighbor. He lives in your locality. He buys therel He pays local

taxes.... What's more, a million acres

of sugar beets is not another million surplus acres of corn or wheat! America

needs more home produced sugar needs your support to make it possible.

(Do IJdjll Jdww- /MmprooemenfEra 'The Glory of God is Intelligence'How the agricultural picture has changed fundamentally since 1787? Page 387JULY. 1939 Heber J. Grant, When and why Cove Fort was

Editors gasospeeds cars get best what At line mileage? Page 390 "THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"Richard L. Evans, Managing Editor

the goes broadcast Tabernacle How C. Josephson, Marba OFFICIAL PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, ORGAN OF THE air? the Page 396 on Associate Editor ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTIMPROVEMENT MUTUAL

Morris, Genera/ George Q. Mgr. EDUCATION, COMMITTEE, OF MENT MUSIC WARD Salt the President the of Lake What Cannon, Lucy Associate G. Mgr. TEACHERS, AGENCIES CHURCH OTHER OF THE AND Ministerial Association says about Orton, Business Mgr. J. K. SAINTS. OF JESUS CHRIST LATTERDAY OF

tobacco and alcohol? Page 398

Why the Nauvoo Temple was finished in the face of expulsion?

Page 400 J/ul dit&&. (pjcupL WhatMormonare theliterature?fundamental valuesPage of404

Some Things for Our Young People to Remember What were the contributions of

Heber J. Grant 393 Zwingli to the Reformation?Page 408

AuAxJl J-SZcdlUlGA, Whatchurches?is the place of art inPageour410

Purpose in Life... George F. Richards 394 What letter of Brigham Young to

Pictorial Highlights of June Conference 395 his wife, Mary A. Young, has just

"Music and the Spoken Word'* - William Mulder 396 been published? Page 413

evoextent of doctrine the what To the 400 Nelson Temple? Prof. N. L. Nauvoo Why lution accepted? Page should be 417

to Things Be Found in Mormon Literature significance the hapwere what Of "... Irvine 404 C. Rosannah of Liberty penings Jail and Nau-

A Letter From Brigham Young to His Family 413 voo as time has revealed them?

The St. George Temple Renewed Juanita Brooks 414 Page 416

of is the best known theory Reconciliations: Evidences and What Extent What XIV—To

evolution? Page 417 of Evolution the Doctrine be Accepted? Should

John A. Widtsoe 417 Who is the new president of the

The Farmer's Place in the MarRedmesa, Colorado, Charles Hawaiian Mission? Page 418

keting Program, C. Orval Josie 413 What scroll of honor was recendy

Stott 387 Church Moves On 418 presented to President Grant by

Recalling Cove Fort, N. C. The Heyburn Sawmill Project, "Era"subscribers? Page 418

Heiner 421 Christensen Elmer S. 389

the official comment German: Priesthood Melchizedek 424 What Conference at Berne, Lewis W. carries government newspaper on Aaronic 428 412 Smith

A Pioneer Girl Remembers BrigWard Teaching 430 Mormonism? Page 419

ham Young, Alma Elizabeth Genealogical Page 431 What is the Ward Teacher's Message

Mineer Felt 412 Mutual Messages 432 for August? Page 430

Field Photos 432, 433, 434 Who are the present members of theSpsurioL J>&aiuMA M. I. A. General Boards? Page 432

Moral Education A. W. Lyons 398 What distinction is there between

apthe meaning of endorse and Protestors (conZwingli of Christendom—XVI—Ulrich Page 448 cluded) L, Barker 408 prove? James

Better Art in Our Churches B. F. Larsen 410

The United States of America, Homing: Neighboring With

Nephi L. Morris 388 Little Children, Louise C. EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL

Exploring the Universe, FrankHastings 422 OFFICES:

Street. Salt Lake 50 North Main City, Utah

the 1939, Copyright Men's by Young Mutual

Association Corporation OnlintheS.BookHarris,RackJr 420390 Here'sIndex toHowAdvertisers 422423 Improvement

Your Page and Ours 448 Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday ofSaints.the

fidttouafau Alla year,rightsin reserved.advance; 20cSubscriptionSingle Copy.price, $2.00

Nauvoo.John A. Widtsoe 416 Utah,Enteredas secondclassat the Post matter.Office, SaltAcceptanceLake City,for

Liberty Jail John A. Widtsoe 416 mailingfor in sectionat special1103.rateActof ofpostageOctober,provided1917,

authorized July 2, 1918.

The Improvement Era is not responsible

tributions. All manuscripts accompanied must be

sufficient postage for delivery Why Shouldn't I? Calvin McMillan 399 byfor unsolicited manuscripts, but welcomes conand

Crossing Marguerite Cameron 402 return.

The Native Blood—Chapter IX Albert R. Lyman 406 NATIONAL ADVERTISING

Frontispiece: To the Guardian Solitude, Lavonne Langolf.422 REPRESENTATIVES

of Eagle Gate, Edna S. DusTip-Toe, Alberta Huish ChrisFrancis M. Mayo, Salt Lake City

tin 392 tensen 422 Edward S. Townsend, San Francisco

Poetry Page 415 Scriptural Crossword Puzzle....446 George T. Hopewell & Co., New York

E. J. Powers & Co., Chicago

JhsL QdvsDc MEMBER OF THE AUDIT BUREAU OF

Eagle Gate, Salt Lake City, one of western America's oldest and most significant CIRCULATIONS monumental landmarks, was built by the Mormon Pioneers under the direction of

Brigham Young. In this month of traditional patriotism, this dramatic study of a

national soars Beehive, symbol at near the the State emblem, is seen Utah which bottom, A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY center, of picture, the cover historic the capping of Beehive House, home Mormon leaders. The study is by Jeano Orlando. MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1939

The Farmer's Place in the 'Marketing Program By C. Ocval Stott,... uou it look Itove oo

Field Representative, General Church Welfare Committee

:, ':'.'.':':'': '-i'.:::'TPhe time was when the farmer could In -:-y. /,..,;;.;;.::.;::.:,..::.'.'..'P

produce according to his own inclination, thus satisfying his own likes and dislikes and paying no particular attention to effective market demands (the likes and dislikes and inclinations of the consuming public), and get away with it—or at least make some kind of

disposition of what he produced. Not

so today. Keen competition and rapidly changing conditions must be taken

seriously into account by not only producers of agricultural products but by all business interests.

The farmer of today is 66 times more dependent upon outside markets, economic conditions, and organizations than was the farmer of 150 years ago.

This statement is based on the following statistical data: In 1787, the year

the Constitution was framed, the surplus food produced by 19 farmers went to feed one city person. In recent

average years, 19 people on farms in the United States have produced enough food for 56 nonfarm people plus ten people living abroad.

Pioneer agriculture is simple. Commercial agriculture is complex. Therefore, marketing was not a problem in

the selfsufficing agriculture of the past because the farmer was both the producer and consumer of virtually all that his farm yielded. Products were utilized almost entirely where they were

created. Today, marketing is a vital part

of specialized or commercial agriculture because the surplus products thus created must be distributed over long distances to a large number of consumers.

Complications in commercial farming STYLEgant 3-pieceNo. 4062:Purple AParisianregally Broele-

flattering*, subtle and cade Suit, of misunderstandings and the marketlady! grandest of the diffiworthy of ing system the arise because

culty of telling what and how much to STYLEgay... No.are the4059:adjectivesSpicy,thatlilting,,best

produce. The change from the simple describe this charming 2-piece suit of

problem of raising what a man's own highBurgundywaist Boucleline andNub.otherNotenoveljacket's,style?

family needed to producing for huneffects.

dreds of people what would result in profit to the farmer has been so rapid that few fully realize the responsibilThere's a style for you... fashioned to conform to your

ities imposed by the new agriculture. own good taste... in the famous line of lovely I K M

The middle man has been called into KNITS. They're practical as you please and ever so

the picture as the result of these flattering for travel, for the street or summer pleasure changed conditions. The organization resort.

of Farmer's Cooperative Marketing

Associations is one way of supplying A card dropped in the mail saying you would like to see the middle man's service, or at least a the full range of fabrics, colors and styles, will bring part of it. Generally speaking, too a bonded representative to your home.

many people are attempting to render these services and, as a consequence, the entire volume of business is divided among units so small as to be jrnhr,ermouniaintalk J\nittis\nuuna ills, +ync.

inefficient.

The farmer and his cooperative or- J. Edwin Nelson, Pres. and Gen. Mgr.

ganization of necessity take into must 1879 Washington Boulevard—Ogden, Utah following production account the and

(Concluded on page 421

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1939

. for Our Savings

and Investment Members

30th our semiannual On June dividend at rate the of 3% per JhsL lAnibuL SiaisHu &$, &mwujccl annum is declared on all savings and investment accounts. By Nephi L. Morris

Safety of your savings is insured up to $5,000 by an agency Oig enough to be impressive; have been easily acquired and mainof the United States government. Rich enough to be envied; tained by force;

Strong enough to be profoundly reBrotherly enough in victory to waive spected; the prizes and spoils of war and to say

surrendering the noble, army: thus Resourceful enough far to have to START TODAY every emergency; met take horses. You'll need them No, your THE PROFITABLE TO SAVE WAY successfully

Tolerant enough to endure complafor your spring plowing;

cently alien mendacity without becoming vindictive; Magnanimous enough to say to deGenerous enough to be heartily imfenseless China, indicted by a selfAND LOAN ASSOCIATION posed upon; appointed jury of foreign adjudicators;

125 South Main St. Salt Lake City, Utah Sympathetic enough to lend a genWe will accept the indemnities awarded

erous, helping hand, where needed, to us on the one condition that the monies paid all sections and all nations; us shall be used in the education of your own

Brave enough to rid the Western sons in the finest universities of our land;

Hemisphere of intolerable tyranny and Peaceable enough to have maintained

for portunity liberated the a neighbor to work between herself and democNobodv Can then to provide patiently time and opfor more than a century a borderline selfreliant to freedom; their way out racy "without a break,"without

Inspiring enough to move the people guard, a other fort or of provomeans eloquently Stop Loss* of a France to commemorate offense, cation, defense, or and the One Hundredth Anniversary of Grateful enough for this happy, enEverybody American Independence by rearing the during, peaceable relationship to join

of torch the with held against freedom civility that of the monument bonds Avoid Can Statue of Liberty on our shores, which, hands with her neighbor in erecting a sky, of the cries out Exiles""Mother might tonations weld peaceable two to the the of world unfreed indefinitely gether It Through them and do for and

Insurance huddledGive memassesyouryearningtired, yourto breathepoor, yourfree. theforceresthaveof neverthe worldbeen ablewhattowardo; and

refuse shore. wretched teeming of your The to trusted Dependable be enough

those, tempesttost, the homeless Send and with half of the world's gold more than

I lift beside the golden to me. lamp my as the safe earth; only depository on door.

When you come here Constitutionalminded enough to affor insurance you get it, Hospitable enough to welcome from firm in all American citizens, irrespecthose shores, whence many of her tive of race, creed or color, wealth or coupled with attentive, people were driven, the oppressed, poverty, absolute equality before the experienced service. This downtrodden of mankind; law, and thereby demonstrate that a

is an agency of the Utah Broadminded and clearvisioned democracy is a place where "the strongHome Fire Insurance Co. enough to recognize superior qualities est have no supremacy and the weakest

in those who thus voluntarily came to need no defense";

this land—men of character, courage, And because of all these things,

selfreliance, and selfrespecting indeAmerica is humble and reverent enough

UTAH HOME FIRE "thependence,best bloodand promptlyof Europe."style Theythem toertyacknowledgeas she sings:the source of true lib'

free; be brave be who would INSURANCE CO. must

Christian for Our fathers'God! to Thee, to return enough good

liberty, of consistently role of Author play the and Heber J. Grant & Co. evil sing; Thee we To Samaritan to all the world; Good land General our be bright Long Agents may

voluntary Honest enough to make light; holy freedom's With

Salt Lake City, Utah reparation for probable wrongs done might, Protect us by Thy and pay in gold for territories that could Great God, our King!

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1939

HI HO! Three cheers! The going's gay!

We travel Standard Service way

Swell maps, road information free—

All yours, with Standard courtesy!

Cove Creek Ranch Fort, which once sheltered the pioneer Mormon leader, Brigham Young, from Indian attacks, has now become a haven for (Ara U<s*eV the tourist.

Recalling Cove Fort By N. C. CHRISTENSEN COPR., 1939—WALT DISNEY PRODUCTIONS ALL RIGHTS RESERVED

for Young, Brigham a havenONCE fortold desert leader, pioneer an beenress has now converted into a Take the Royal Road to Vacationland travelers. forshelter weary

Cove Creek Ranch Fort was erecttou'll cheer, too, when you office"of Standard Travel Infor'

Utah, Millard County,ed in soon * hear this news! We've enlarged mation Service. Stop at Standard

of the Civil close theafter War.

Brigham Young, the colonizer and our Travel Information Service to Stations, Authorised Distribu'to hostile himself exposedchurchman, to meet every need ofmodern motor'tors and Standard Oil Dealers his journeys one ofIndians on isolated Mormon settlers, saw the ists—increased our staff of travel anywhere in the West for expert

place of refuge of aneed for travexperts and moved them into advice on local road conditions, of protection furthermore,elers and, for the telegraph and mail service. new offices devoted exclusively points of interest, local recrea'

Completed in 1867, at a point 200 to happier touring. tions. For trip routing, simply ask

miles south of Salt Lake City on what is now U. S. Highway 91, main route Well route your trip anywhere for the Travel Information In'

the structure hasto Los Angeles, been in the United States and Canada quiry Postcard. Then mail it to Walls,virtually unchanged by time.

two feet in thickness at the top and—furnish you with the latest maps us (it's self'addressed—no post'

are constructed the base,wider at of—send along exclusive travel fold'age required). There's a royal rock.volcanic rooms provide Twelve

living quarters under the shelter of ers, too. All free, of course. road to your vacationland, and

the walls of the old fort. The gateway, through which often trundled And that's not all. Every Stand'we'll make sure that you find it!

usedthe ancient wagons by the pioard Service Man is a "branch feet in width. is fourteenneers,

sheltered the rooms, which Now Oil to Island Your Treasure Way of severalBrigham on Young any ixtncUtrci Service free Standard for Ask our Man to settlements,his the expeditions

Exposition Booklet, containing a and map tourist. to the But openedhave been

that will help suggestions see many you more for streamlinethe convenience urge INFORMATION at enjoy Fair. the use our more and NaTRAVEL And

the of hold spot takenhas not where in tional Credit neighborgood your Card—

still is It stands. primitive, FortCove to Coast. and from hood Coast SERVICEunique, weatherbeaten, and but

sturdy and unyielding.

Gateway through which Mormon Pioneers enSTANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA tered Cove Fort to protect themselves from hostile Indians soon after the close of the Civil

War. Built at the command of Brigham

Young, no record is made of the reason for the bell suspended over the entrance. AMERICA'S FINEST OVERALL

SINCE 1853

THERE'S A REASON—LEVI'S

They all wear LEVI'S!

LEVI STRAUSS. A NEW PAIR FREE

IF THEY RIP scratch CONCEALED COPPER RIVETS ON BACK POCKETS.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1939

found that the phosphate compounds of;

the brain are constantly being regenYOUR KITCHEN erated.body are Inreplacedrats theaboutfattyeveryacids3 indays,the

one into another. STAYS COOLER By FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR. and further fatty acids are converted

...AND FOODS T otus plants, from seeds between 300 '"The and 500 years old, are being grown carsbestis atgasolinemoderatemileagespeeds,for aroundmotor TASTE BETTER today at Field Museum of Natural 25 miles an hour. In tests at North

History, Chicago. This is probably the Carolina State College it was found

this the gallon, miles that to gave 20 germination longest delayed on record. xvhen you cook with

h. the mileage m. while at 5 p. was taken from the seeds bottom were The

layer of a peat bed that was once the about 14, and at 60 m. p. h. only 12.

bottom of a lake in Manchuria, known < to have been drained about 200 years HPhe sound effect of thunder for moago. The oftrepeated story of the A tion pictures can be produced by

germination of Egyptian wheat is now shaking steel shot in an inflated football.

wellknown to be erroneous, the germi- - nating grain coming from the straw \ Diking sword and armor uncovered packing in which the Egyptian speci- v in northern Ontario indicates that mens were shipped to Europe. the Norsemen reached the Canadian

> interior about 1000 A. D.

A new 82 inch glass mirror has been + * dedicated at the McDonald ObCpiders can live foodless in a tube for servatory in western Texas. Second; 4 or 5 years and be as spry as ever.

now only to the Mt. Wilson telescope, +

the McDonald mirror is so powerful HPhe largest fly is found in South that it could pick up an object man size America and attains a length of 3,000 miles out in space. under two inches.

A rtificial radioactive elements have Cir Francis Drake's famous plate of ** given new knowledge of the body. * brass, on which he claimed the CaliImportant in creating bony structure, fornia coast as a kingdom for England,

62 per cent of the phosphorus absorbed has been definitely found, chemical into the body goes into the bony structests show. Sir Francis referred to the

ture within 5 days. It has also been plate in a book published in 1628.

A new Gas range keeps the kitchen in the comfort zone—free from BOTTLED HER

excess heat and humidity. Super

insulation retains heat within the For health, milk is conceded to be the oven. almost perfect food. It contains practically all the elements that the human

In addition, a Gas range makes it body needs: minerals, vitamins, proeasier to cook more delicious teins, sugars and fats—all necessary foods—foods you never dared try for building a healthy body and for

before. It's because Gas heat is warding off disease.... In choosing

so easily and accurately controlyour foods be sure that milk—Golden led, from the low simmer flame to Goldeai Glory'Milk—is among the first on the instant high, intense heat—with list. hundreds of gradations between. Glo r.y

15 Come in and see the beautiful, TELEPHONE HYLAND efficient, economical new Gas OR GET IT AT YOUR GROCERS ranges.

Salt Lake Milk Producers Ass'n.

to suit any reaPRICES—TEBMS

You'll sonable requirement. be Golden Glory Milk will be used in all M. I. A.

surprised and pleased when you Cooking Schools learn how easily you can have MILK a modern Gas range.

LANKERSH1M HOTEL OffEit.. MOUNTAIN FUEL WE 7th & BROADWAY A COMPLETE

SERVICE Portraits to the Largest SUPPLY COMPANY ENGRAVINGFrom Missionary

Catalogues Salt Lake—Ogden—Provo Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention

LOS ANGELES Serving Twentythree Utah Communities CO. ENGRAVING UTAH - ONE CHARGE"

St. 113 Regent Utah 'TWO PERSONS Salt Lake City,

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1939

HPEMPERAruRES can now be mapped maximum, so that maximum power and Tnder which type of government will by pyrometric paints. These paints efficiency occur at about 37 per cent *-'children develop better, democratchange color reversibly at one or more of the maximum load. ic or dictatorial? Several careful studtemperatures, showing the approximate * ies by psychologists found that govtemperature. One of the uses has been ernment by free debate and majority

charting the various temperatures of judgment in laboratory tests gave better individual regions of an aircooled results in creative and other types of motor engine. After heating, the motor intellectual work. The personality was

had, like Joseph, a coat of many colors. strongly affected by the other type of

government, children becoming hostile,

Tn Italy, it is claimed, from fish has apatheticder dictatorialand restraint,vying forbutattentionwere thrivun- been manufactured a form of wool, ing and happy under democratic selfwhich is then used in the textile ingovernment.

dustry.

Tn the American tropics the foureyed HPhe cost (about 5c) of a bottle is an pLiiORESCENT lamps are now develfloat- fish habit the of has developed in important to item stage consumers a they oped what where may half ofing the with upper each eye for milk. that the influence study greatly pay found commercial and home Athrust the to see surface from above life length bottle lighting. of commonest a the of was lamps bulbs new The surface.afar the borne prey The on trips, to of from with 20 in long, average 30 an are tubular or a foot more

air, in vision parts giveupper good If efforts special 25. to are no made colors shape, shades with and many nearsight- the the halfwhile has lower is bottles get the 22, but average back limited available to not the neon and

fish eye. the ofedness normal for charging increases the number them familiar. colors or helium so The now

to 51. Bottles now have competition fluorescent lamps use mercury to proHPhe amount of the total energy used from new disposable fiber containers. duce intense, mostly invisible light,

A by a muscle which goes into work +- which is transformed by powders on and that given off as heat has been "Cebruary is the only month in which the glass walls to visible light, of a carefully studied with a frog's muscle. the small egger moth will emerge color depending on the nature of the

It was found that the maximum power from the chrysalis. If conditions are powder. In some cases there is as

developed by a muscle is about 3/10 not just right for its emergence it will much as 120 times the illumination, for of the maximum load it can bear, and not appear until the following year, or the current consumed, as filament lamps the highest efficiency ( work / total enlater. It has been known to wait eleven of the same color, with only a fraction

ergy) is with a load of about.45 of the years and then to come out successfully. of the heat.

HERE'S EXCITING NEWSTHIS ZLZVZHIHCH BUFFET

SALAD BOWL COMPLETE WITH NATURAL WOOD

SALAD FORK AND SPOON.XERTIFIED VALUE *3.00

ALL FOR ONLY H.OO AND THE TAB"FROM ANY Silt

CAN OF MAIOLA..THE SALAD OIL OF CHARACTER

its thouSalad Recipe Book, famous published since Mazola Bowl EVER natural a beautiful I get can asked, have sands wood "Where of women salad bowl with fork and spoon, at a reasonable price?"Mazola replies with

this exclusively designed salad serving bowl. Every woman who sees it will be

amazed that Mazola can offer such a beautiful, guaranteed bowl for only $1.00.

The answer is, Mazola has contracted for the entire output of a leading American mill, and is confident that millions of women, who appreciate the quality and flavor of delicious Mazola salad dressings, will want one or more of these wonderful bowls.

TAB Send dollar bill, check or money order with the "TAB"from any size can of MAZOLA, to MAZOLA, P. O. Box 171, Trinity Station, New York, N. Y., DeThis offer partment I.., and this

only good in exclusively designed bowl the States. United

Expires, Aug. 31, 1939 will be forwarded to you,

JoihiL GUARDIAN OF EAGLE GATE

By EDNA S. DUSTIN

Photo by Jeano Orlando.

wings have never raked the endless blueYour

Nor brushed the orchid east at break of day;

The somber clouds have not been pierced by you;

No cliffs have held your nest above the bay.

You've seen no waves splashed high, breaking unheard,

Nor watched the sun bow low and kiss the night;

You've never held within your grasp a bird

And felt its rapid heart pulsate with fright.

Yet you've watched sweatdripping oxen pass your way,

And small adobe shanties mount the sky,

Electrons harnessed turning night to day,

Then noisy horseless coaches crowding by.

Yes, you have felt a city's heart vibrate,

You armored knight, you guardian of the gate.

EDITOR'S PRGE=Hhe Sojnfi JPdnqA, 0t Owe 'Ifowu

"rind some work in the church; give something for the

Gospel cause; love our Lord and Savior; and do good

continually.

By PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT

have been very deeply interested in all that we Years rolled on, and before I was twentyfour I was have heard here. I am happy indeed to listen to the made the president of the Tooele Stake of Zion. I

I remarkable and wonderful tributes that have been announced in a speech that lasted seven and a half paid here to The Improvement Era. I think that all minutes that I would ask no man in Tooele to be a more

of these same tributes should also go to the Young honest tithepayer than I would be; that I would ask no

Woman's Journal, The young women made a very man to give more of his means in proportion to what great success of their magazine from the start. he had than I would give; I would ask no man to live

One of the reasons that I was very anxious after the the Word of Wisdom better than I would live it, and

Contributor failed to have a magazine started was that I would give the best that was in me for the benefit we had got so far behind the young ladies that we of the people in that Stake of Zion.

could not even "see their dust,"and I wanted to catch That night I heard in the dark a man say in a conup so that we could at least swallow some of the dust, temptuous way: "It is a pity if the General Authorities

figuratively speaking. I am very thankful for the rehave to send a man out here to preside, if they could

markable success of the Era. not find one in Tooele County, that they could not have

If there is one thing more than another that I would sent one with sense enough to talk at least ten minutes, like above all other things to impress upon young men and that they had to send a boy to preside over us."

it is a desire to find some labor, some work in connection When I heard this, I remember thinking; "The boy is

with the Gospel of Jesus Christ, through which they can the only one who has any right to complain."My income

give something to this Gospel. fell off $4,000.00 the first year that I was in Tooele in

The most glorious thing that has ever happened in comparison with what it was the year before. Howthe history of the world is that God Himself saw fit to ever, I was not able during the next three or four

visit the earth with his wellbeloved Only Begotten Son, Sundays to talk as long as I did the first one—I ran out

our Redeemer and Savior, and to appear to the boy of ideas in five, six, and six and a half minutes.

Joseph. It is the most wonderful and marvelous thing I went to the little town of Vernon in Tooele County,

that the happened, that ever good and no wonder it. of the people world cannot and do not believe We tookup to twosay othersa few wordswith meandtospokedo theforpreaching,fortyfiveandminutesI got

not only believe it, but there are thousands and tens of with perfect ease under the inspiration of the Lord.

before, (counting those thousands gone on have who the for of gratitude to the tears night Lord I shed That inperfect thousands hundreds of have and had a ) who into that testimony perfect, absolute abiding, came and dividual testimony and knowledge that this vision was my life of the divinity of this work.

to the Smith. given Joseph boy

first after speech short which table lunch At the my if will will that told are the of the any do man We said: half President minutes, Smith seven a and

it shall doctrine, of lasted of the he be Father whether know all your believe with the said Gospel "Heber, you you of or that as knowledge. a people man, and have God we

it, live did not to your heart, bear but propose you and for the Association young Improvement Mutual The is it true. Don't that testimony you know you know inspiration established the of the under Lord was men

is this true?"that absolutely Gospel that should to the an have Young, Brigham young men

opportunity to stand upon their feet and speak, and he I answered: "I do not."

announced that more people received the witness of "What, you! a president of a stake?"

the spirit and a knowledge of the Gospel while standing "That is what I said."

upon their feet than while upon their knees praying. "President Taylor, I am in favor of undoing this

As an individual I can bear witness to this from my afternoon what we did this morning. I do not think

own personal experience. any man should preside over a stake who has not a

I entered an office as a young man fifteen years of perfect and abiding knowledge of the divinity of the age and I labored among those not of our faith until I work in which we are engaged."

engaged in business for myself at nineteen. Then I was I said: "I am not going to complain."

connected with institutions at home and abroad, none Brother Taylor had a habit, when something pleased of which were Mormon institutions—companies in him excessively, of shaking his body and laughing. He

England, France, Germany, from New York to San said: "Joseph, Joseph, Joseph, he knows it just as well

Francisco. All of my contacts in a business way were as you do. The only thing that he does not know is

with those not of our faith. that he does know it. It will be but a short time until

it. He leans over backwards; you do not 'Opening address, 44th Annual M. I. A. Conference, In the Tabernacle, he does know

June 9th, 1939. need to worry."[Concluded on page 437)

'WlfWAlL For behold, this is my work and my glory IN LIFE—to bring to pass the immortality and

1:39. lifeeternal of man.—Moses

first organization in heaven we By ELDER GEORGE F. RICHARDS At the

the Savior all present and sawwere chosen Of the Council of the Twelve of salvation the plan andand appointed made and we sanctioned it—Compendium,

p. 288. UJhsirL wsl $uua/l djuUv laJb&iA Piqjul

the Council of Heaven we unINderstood the Gospel. The Lord's DfL siaAipL wsl Ahalt Puwsl no. $u/dh&L

purposes and ours were identical. n&sudL fafL. jcwcumulcdojcL wsialilv.We understood that we should have

our agency to exercise as we willed to do, having placed before us good is centered in God, and to have a livand evil, and that in the end of life ing, active faith, such as will lead us we should receive of salvation acto worship and serve God, we must cording to merit. We came here have a correct conception of Him,

gladly, as it was the only way in His personality and attributes and which to clothe our spirit bodies with the relationship we sustain to Him.

tabernacles of flesh and to form He has revealed Himself and His eternal relationships necessary to Son Jesus Christ unto us and to the our exaltation. We understood that world through Joseph Smith, whom

we were to work out our salvation He raised up to become the mighty according to the plan of the Gospel. prophet of the last days, the dispenOur recollection of the former life sation of the fulness of times.

is withheld from us and we are reThis new revelation of God was quired to live by faith and acquired and is the world's greatest need, and knowledge. So much of our time is to make known to the world this

required to provide the necessities greatest of all revelations or visions of life that we are prone to place the is one of the most important reof life bematerial thingssecular sponsibilities or of have as members we spiritual, notwithstandingfore the connection with all ELDER GEORGE F. RICHARDS the Church, in

our religious education teaches us to the principles of the Gospel.

do otherwise. The Savior's teachAccording to the plan of the GosOur standards of life are of the

before follows: pel, which are as this pointings we understood on possible highest type. believe We

to earth, there are certain first of that was, once God and His coming the Kingdom ye and Seek as man is, God righteousness and all these things shall be principles to be accepted, ordinances that as God is, man may become.added unto you.—Matthew 6:33. to be received, commandments to be

treasures upon for yourselves perfect, therefore not up even Be ye as your Lay service to obeyed, kept, laws to be corrupt, dothearth, and rust is in Father is perfect. moth where which Heaven righteous, Chris- a rendered, be and steal, through and thieves break 5:48. whereand Matthew

but lay up for yourselves treasures in heatian life to be lived, doing the will of Let this mind be in you, which was also ven.—Matthew 6:19, 20. the Father in all things. in Christ Jesus: who, being in the form of

We did not come to earth to acAdd to your faith virtue, knowledge, withGod, God.—Philippiansthought it not robbery2:5, 6. to be egual

quire the wealth of this world. temperance, patience, godliness, brotherly

kindness to not claim or pretend be We do to life in are intended thingsThese love either inor as of God.]—Seeand charityII Peter[which1:5-7.is the pure perfect, as a people end, that to a nobler meansbe but a

true, in chaste, honest, believe being live dividuals, trying to are but we We life to come, for the preparingof to in virtuous, benevolent, doing good and the perfect of the Gospel, by law is everlasting.which all that follow say indeed men; may we we that teaches which love should we all believe the of admonition there, there is space Paul—We for will down, go We all the hearts, with Lord our and all things, things, enhave hope we we materials of these will and take weand we

to to able things dured be and hope ourselves; neighbors love our many to as these earth whereonwill may an make

is all If virthings. there anything endure herewith will to bless our them enemies even prove anddwell; them and we

praisereport, lovely, tuous, or or of good all if things will whatsoeverto do see they us, that to curse to that good them do after these worthy, seek we them. shall things.—Articles their commandthe Lord God us, for that hate pray and them 13. Faith, of No. 25. 3:24,Abraham

And I give unto you a commandment, But without faith it is impossible to please despitefully use us and persecute us.

that ye shall forsake all evil and cleave unto him: for he that cometh to God must beThese are the standards of life by

all good, that ye shall live by every word lieve that he is and that he is a rewarder which our Savior lived while in the flesh him.—Hebrews and which what made Him HewhichGod.—DoctrineproceedethandforthCovenantsout of the 98:11.mouth of of11:6.them that diligently seek in at glory is, enthroned and was

is first principle Faith the once shoemaker was right of revealed the of Father. A village the hand They

religion, the foundation his business. Hisasked what was like are intended to us make Him all the of cause moving of action.—Lecturesall righteousness, sir, is business, was:answer "My in to save with us and Fa- 1:1-3. our Faith Him on

to serve the Lord; I mend shoes for ther's Kingdom.

a living."--- ---- The faith of all intelligent beings (Continued on page 442)

Photos 1, 2, 3, 7, and 8 courtesy Deseret News. Photos 4, 5, 6, courtesy Salt Lake Tribune.

$DmsL (pixi&uaL diiqhliqhtA oftituL J>&dy.-$ojuJdtL (fowuaL Qwvl QonfauxsunoL

On the grounds at Temple Square old friends are found and new ones 5. Gleaner Girls in gold and green attire contribute to the festival of gay

made. A convenient point of gathering is the attractive display of colors, happy faces. They are prepared to decorate each delegate with

M. I. A. department manuals. the official flower and ribbon.

2. Between rows of flags held by Boy Scouts and Gleaner Girls, delegates 6. Youth has its day—Superintendent May Anderson of the Primary Aswalk to the opening session in high spirits, greeted by members of the sociation, General Superintendent George Q. Morris, and Y. W. M. I. A.

General Boards, who compose the reception line. President Lucy Grant Cannon are surrounded by some of the Primary

President Heber J. Grant and General Superintendent George Q. Morris children who took part in the threeday Primary meet.

are seen in the Tabernacle wearing the delegate's flower and insignia. 7. At Saltair accomplished couples perform in the Churchwide Dance

4. There's music in the air—strolling minstrels serenade prominent conFestival.

ferencegoers: left to right, Elders Melvin J. Ballard and Albert E. 8. This group of dancers from the El Paso Ward, El Paso, Texas, enact

Bowen of the Council of the Twelve, General Superintendent George their version of the old Texas frontier square dance, demonstrated at

Q. Morris of the Y. M. M. I. A., and Apostle George Albert Smith. Saltair.

.

\\MUSIC amLJhsL SPOKEN WORD"

The story of a choir, an organ, and a broadcast

is little audience There at this By WILLIAM MULDER tourists a hour. few expectant Only

hover in the semidarkness of the vast auditorium. Temple Square is

CHOIR AN BENT ENJOYABLE MEMBERS, UPON never without its visitors, and the who have been conversing together INTO CHOIR FILE OF SERVICE, ERRAND THE

ENTRANCE ONE HOUR BEFORE BROADCAST TIME. open doors of the old Tabernacle bebreaks up. One takes his place at

speak a cordial welcome. In spite the console. He is Dr. Frank W.

of the emptiness, there is a characAsper, thoroughly at home among is Thursday evening on Temple teristic atmosphere. This is the setrows of organ stops and pedals. He

IT Square in Salt Lake City. Nothting in which, every Sunday mornis an ideal accompanist and can ading seems to distinguish it from ing, "music and the spoken word just himself to any situation—and

any other night. But on the west side shape themselves into a fabric of does. Frequently the broadcast

of the Tabernacle, a door marked quiet reflection."requires impromptu modulations,

"Choir Members Only"stands ajar. In a building where whispers betranspositions, time adjustments,

It is backstage to the tripletiered get echoes, a congenial confusion of and improvisations, and he does rostrum within, where, at the foot of sound now fills the roominess of the them all with almost unbelievable the great organ, an amphitheatre of hall: the cheerful banter of greeting facility and musicianship. Recently

choir seats is fast filling up. When mingles with the recording of last returned, also, to the Tabernacle

every seat is taken, there will be 313 week's radio broadcast being played console is Alexander Schreiner.

men and women who have left office for earlycomers who care to hear Another man, much younger, hides andtogether—forshop and thisthe iskitchenthe mostto singimthemselveselectric clocksing.givesThe anotherbig hand halfof an underhimself thein a balcony.little glassencasedHe is C.roomR.

portant night in the week for the minute jerk, and it is 7:30. The Evans, KSL technician assigned to

Mormon Tabernacle Choir. It is chatter subsides. A little knot of men the Choir, who finds it profitable to

rehearsal. Thursday night is the key attend rehearsals. At the controls

to what the Choir is and to what it THEORGAN,TABERNACLEAND THE CHOIRCHOIR, STAFFTHE TABERNACLEIN CONCERT of an originally designed panel in accomplishes. DRESS. the booth he follows the score as

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1939

numbers there is never time for complete rehearsal—the program that

goes over the network is the first, last, and only time the program is ever put together or timed as a unit.

But there must be no bungling on

Sunday morning. Producer Evans

remembers the only time the broadcast concluded ten seconds short of the network cue: by the time he had

walked from the Tabernacle to the studio across the street, a telegram had arrived from Columbia network headquarters in New York, inquiring as to the discrepancy—ten seconds!

Still not far past thirty, Richard

Evans has written, produced, and announced the Tabernacle broadcast for two nationwide networks during more than nine of the Choir's ten

The "spoken word"is a vital part of the Tabernacle broadcast as indicated by the heavy mail response requesting copies. Members of the First Presidency

and the Choir staff are here shown examining the files of nearly ten years of Tabernacle radio continuities by Richard L. Evans. Seated: left, President J.

Reuben Clark, Jr.; right, President Heber J.

Grant. Standing: left to right, Earl J. Glade,

Executive VicePresident of KSL; Dr. Frank W.

Asper, J. Organist; Spencer Tabernacle Choir Cornwall,

of the First Members PresConductor; F. Lester Hewlett, Choir; President the of

idency left {seated, to L. EVans, and of Richard Director FeaSpecial KSL

right): President David tures, writer, and producer, of the and announcer

0. President McKay, programs.Tabernacle

J. Grant, PresHeber and

carefully as any singer. Another is Jr.,ident lookJ. overReubenTabernacleClark,

J. Spencer Cornwall, a diminutive withBroadcastmembersaudienceof the staff.mail

man whose energy is inversely proThe mail represents every portionate to his size. He mounts Statesregion andof Canada,the andUnitedall

the conductor's stand. Baton in mannermanner ofofpeople,requestswith forall

hand, he speaks. Brevity is the soul copies of the spoken comof his wit, and a ripple of laughter tion,ments,andmusicalspecial numbers.informabreaks the surface of attentive faces. The staff members are

A winning sense of humor puts (standing,Richard L.leftEvans,to right)Dr.

every singer at his ease and at his cerFrankCornwall,W. Asper,andJ. LesterSpenbest. F. Hewlett.

Prayer Precedes Performance ing, Friday, he will weave the years'broadcasting and still remem-

A warmingup tune or two, and "spokendictaphoneword"andastalkshe sitsoutdownthe atcomhis bers when one said(Continuedwhat onoccurredpage 439)to someone is asked to offer prayer. It ments which have become so much

spirit Insignalizes the the of soundproof the Tabernacle control C. R. room whole a part of the tradition. broadcast (left, Evans operates seated) dials the control thatundertaking: the of the Choir work the six used ormicrophones for announcer, thing whole The is done under controlgan choir each part. and official observers Frequentis a calling. Conductor Cornwall the pressure advisers undeviating of an and following musical score continuity, and

in his coat, shirthissheds: works left to (standing, right) Richard Condie, P. broadcast schedule, with a and volassistantare Choir conductor; Stephens, assistant N. Wadesleeves. to- a lot have to do "We organist; J. and Earl Glade. the extreme right At unteer choir learning always new

recording Wright, is Mel for checking the broadcastnight,"section every takes him and at his word. No time is wasted. quality and for future record.

Every singer has in his lap a folder of the music for the month. Everything possible is reduced to routine,

an economy of effort which frees time and the brain for the creative business of singing. And with a

director who has the score in his head rather than his head in the score, a great deal is accomplished.

Richard L. Evans, producer,

writer, and announcer of the Sunday radio program, is there to check the minutes and seconds of the rehearsal against the program time and to get the spirit of the music around which, the next morn-

Moral education By DR. A. W. LYONS

(dhathsi/L ivsL ivilL &l not, joma. xJiildtetL Pastor of Immanuel Baptist Church

xVisl bsrinq* suluxxdacL ihjwiujtu vjucwjua. and MinisterialPast PresidentAssociation.of Salt Lake

pthDfmqanda., and, ihsL wwaL unCinWi-

icatL Jthity toxica i& JthsL pMfmqandcL

With the permission of the author, the excerpts reprinted here have been taken from an address delivered by Dr. Lyons before a section meeting of the Utah State P. T.

regarded the actual facts. This is a A. Convention, April 21, 1939. Dr.

questioning age, but I am confident Lyons was speaking at the time of whenever youth knows that our desires two bills passed by the latest Utah and our aims in their education are legislature which stipulated, among based on reality, and that we are other things, that there shall be the schools in of public education all to eager appropriate that is good effects the as to of harmful in Utah generation, a will they to new respond alcohol, narcotics. other tobacco, and

a program of education in temperance Dr. Lyons prefaced his remarks with

and morals. a statement that he was speaking as

So far we have spoken of alcohol, an individual, "but with the feeling but.. I am glad that someone is conthat I speak the mind of the majority

cerned about the effects of cigarette of the members of our Association."

smoking. It is habitforming. It is a [The Salt Lake Ministerial Assonarcotic. Cigarette smoking is inconciation.]

P\uring my life time we have had sistent with the highest culture. We

three eras in our attempt to control dread the smell of a skunk but many the use of alcoholic drinks: first, the people prefer that smell to the smell ciety has been putting the mantle of

oldtime saloon; second, prohibition; of cigarette smoke. There is something charity around the wrecks of the liquor

and third, the present control setup. soft about the smell of a skunk, but business until young people have not

To my mind the present setup is the there is something hard and steellike known what miserable creatures alcohol worst of all three, because there is in the smell of cigarette smoke. It is can make out of them.

carried with it a subtle assumption not culture or refinement to blow in Second, young people need to know that the whole business is respectable. the faces of friends a smell that they that it is a serious business to be in

Make intoxicating drinks easily accesdo not want. Cigarette smoking is an the grip of a habit which they cannot

sible as they are today, put around the antisocial habit. control. Teaching ought to be such

whole business the glamour of respectaThe problem of rearing a respectable, that boys and girls early learn somebility, and back it up by the endorseintelligent, selfdisciplined generation is thing about the formation of habits, and ment and authority of government as being made many times harder today teaching ought to go far enough until we are doing today, and there can be by the attitudes and methods of the they resolve that they will keep faronly one result—continuous temptation liquor and tobacco manufacturers. away from some habits. I have never

and the continuous falling of great numThey are determined to make the Amerfound a cigarette smoker who said he bers of boys and girls and young people. ican people users of their products. was glad he had the habit. I have

I began my teaching in the rural Their talk about temperance is nonfound hundreds of them who have said schools of Indiana. Then we were sense. There is something inconsistent "I wish I had never started."

required to teach in every grade the about a business that preaches moderIn the third place our education must effects of the use of alcohol. This eduation and then drives its salesmen to build up a resistance to the terrific

cation brought results. Boys and girls meet impossible sales quota, as the wave of propaganda which has broken

came to feel that here was something liquor manufacturers are doing. The upon us in the last few years. This

to be avoided. Since that time I have tobacco companies are determined that might well take two directions. Boys

been in touch with no school which every man, woman, and child shall and girls must be taught early to be insists upon the systematic teaching of smoke. Newspapers, magazines, and independent in thinking, ready to questemperance. Teachers are usually the radio give large blocks of space tion every advertisement, suspicious of

crowded for time,... yet they get and time to induce the people to use everything that looks like propaganda,

done the things that are expected of the products of the distillers, brewers, able to take the far view to see in them. Even if something else must be and the tobacco factories. Whether their imagination where they may come

dropped from the curriculum to make we will or not, our children are out, and to have the willingness to time for it, society is going to demand being educated through these means, stand alone.

that education provide the instruction and the things they learn are the most All of us more or less are subject to that will develop selfreliance, selfvicious kind of propaganda. The most the herd instinct. The tobacco and

control, selfdiscipline, knowledge of unAmerican thing that is going on toliquor companies are appealing to that things harmful, and a desire to live on day is not the propaganda of the Cominstinct with all the force that millions the best terms with others—in other munists, but the propaganda of the of dollars can command. We must say

words, instruction in temperance and liquor and tobacco interests. that the tobacco and liquor companies

morals. Facing the kind of situation we have, are masters in the use of psychology.

Whatever teaching is done in the field our program of education must take Then, boys and girls must be taught to of temperance and morals must be into account a number of factors: develop a sales resistance. In mental

based on scientific knowledge. Such First, we ought to teach that the attitude we are not prepared to meet

teaching must be done in the field of use of alcohol is harmful, that it is the tidal wave of advertising which reality. Vast harm has been done in habitforming, that it oftentimes makes science has so recently made possible.

the past by some teaching which diswrecks of individuals and homes. So- (Concluded on page 425)

I? SHOULDN'TWhyA SHORT SHORT STORY Complete on this page

a young man gains habits which will

By CALVIN McMILLAN staylife. withMosthimof thesethroughoutare for hishis entirebenefit. There are many, though, that

will never benefit, no matter how people try to make him think a child; hard no longer "I,'m will. that they why, I'll soon be seventeen. Doesn't

he think I'm getting old enough to "But, of course, it may be differknow my own mind, and when I'm ent when a boy gets out with a out with the gang and want to, why crowd; he has to do everything they

shouldn't I? Oh, he's oldfashioned do to be a good sport."

because he doesn't. Does he think

I want to be like him? Well, I don't; 1 HE man looked across

I want to be like the rest of the gang. the desk and seeing that the boy

What if it does do a little harm? I'm agreed, he continued: "But, to be

young; I can take it. Anyhow, it's a good sport, a boy shouldn't think

smart. All the celebrities do it. It's what will be best for him, but think

fun to be like the rest and be a good only of what his friends want him to sport."do. He mustn't consider that he is

Many such thoughts rushed the one that should decide, but let through his mind as he slowly openhis friends decide."

ed the door, walked down the long, Again he looked at the boy and winding staircase, and shuffled was not surprised to see him suracross the floor to the study. The rounded by a rim of doubt.

large oak door of the study was "And when a boy has made up closed, and he cautiously lifted his his mind, he shouldn't try to find out hand to it and knocked. what good his newlygained habits

From within, a kind yet sturdy will do for him, but do it because his voice said, "Come in."friends and many others do.

Slowly the boy pushed into the "Well, son, think it over before room and came to a stop in front of you decide anything. By the way,

the paperstrewn desk. "Sit down, don't forget we're still going for

son."that swim in the morning."

The boy sat down very uneasily; The boy assured him that he would

his eyes were focused upon the floor. not forget and left the room quite

The man seated at the desk looked rapidly.

soberly at the boy who was nervously Now alone in the study, the father twitching in the chair across from sat and gazed after his son and him. He wondered just what he wished that he could have made the

should say that could possibly decision.

change this opinionated young man. Seated on his very neat bed, the

It was then that the boy shifted boy's mind was filled with thoughts.

his glance toward the desk. He He asked himself: "Was he going

exclaimed: "Well, what do you to let anyone else decide for him?"

want? You sent for me."He then The answer was "No."

turned his gaze back to the floor. He stood up and rapidly walked

"Son, you know what I asked you across the room to where his dresser here for. I wanted to talk with you stood. On opening a drawer, a

just as we always have."The tense handkerchief dropped to the floor;

figure across from him loosened up but without stooping to pick it up, a fraction. he quickly searched the disorderly

"I wanted to know how your drawer. At last he found that which

school work is coming along. Did he was looking for—a small, brightyou get your 'math'problems?"lycolored, boxlike object. He

The reply was formed with one reached down and put it in his lone word, "Yes."pocket. Then crossing the room he

There was a short pause. He descended the stairs and continued

asked how the new tennis outfit was. to the back of the house. He went

The answer again was short, down another flight of stairs, walked rine. across the room, and opened a door.

He again attempted in vain to reInside, he saw the yellow flames lick gain the boy's confidence in him. the burning sides of the water heater.

Then he continued: "There is one He reached into his pocket, took out

thing that I believe we should talk the small packet of cigarettes, and about, man to man. At your age, tossed it into the blaze.

THEWHY TEMPLE? NAUVOO

By PROF. N. L NELSON

Dr. Karl G. Maeser commended

to his students, oftener and more

Che tmmv&A&WUf* ahjcoIIa, a/v emphatically than any other rule of life, the daily guide of the Prophet ofwckaL &vjwL jul t&mpdsL Joseph: "When the Lord combuilding hi&l&u. mands,It is difficultdo it!"to conceive how, on

TEMPLE,THE NAUVOO PRINT. any other principle, heaven, or theFROM AN OLD

kingdom of God, could be set going

Sarah waited fourscore years? How or be long maintained on this rethen, in thee and in thy seed, should bellious footstool. Conceive our

Ourthatattentionremarkableis beingepochcalledin theto blessed?"all the nations of the earth be planeSavior'sof havingdebate,toandmeetformengoodon reathe

evolution of Zion known as As to what became of the wouldsons be forced to produce better, beNauvoo, the OneHundredth Annibe revisers of God's plans in those fore those men would exert themversary of the founding of which ominous days of Nauvoo, listen to selves to do His will!

is now taking many back to its the words of Wilford Woodruff: Must it be thought, then, that men

quiet and memorable scenes. PerIt is hard for men who have strong wills doing His will, as the soldier obeying

haps most remarkable are the events to yield to other wills, even though it be his commander, are acting blindly?

their is with will at variance which built God's temple case to the second at least in the contrary,relating the On then, they as were were taught own. Men era asthis templerearing the of Morthein divine Commander, Israel, the of in ancient taught to wait upon

mondom. Lord. surance guiding them may be

The building of a temple, whatThe overanxious, the ambitious, the rebrighter and more compelling than ever else it may signify, is always bellious would not wait upon the Lord. any reasons that could be set down

the expression of selfsacrifice, and They went their own way, and were scatin words: the testimony of the Spirit,

inflooding sense of truthness orthat, too, in the hardest aspect of sonteredofabroad.selfrestraint,Not havingthe lightlearnedand truththe lesof an

selfdenial, the opening of the purse. the Gospel became obscured in their minds divine intuition beside which the

But for trying men's souls, the perand their own will they mistook for God's syllogism is a very clumsy device.

sonal renunciations that served to will. They fell by the wayside. Nevertheless, coming back to the

lift the Nauvoo Temple, stone upon theme, the "better reasons"behind stone, deserve place in the same trialHere are some general principles hastening completion of the Nauvoo realm as that which tested the soul which will prove safe guides to faith, Temple by every possible sacrifice of Abraham. For not only did these when we are up against an apparentand even in the very sight, as it were,

faith offerings take food, as it were, ly insurmountable barrier: of the burnings and mobbings which

from the "mouths of babes"and Jesus made it the rule of his life: were to drive the Saints to a merciwill, thy not done."mine be the "Father, but backs, across the less winter from theirwarmth river—these

it difficult to be Nor would in were they the great inherent prove reasons whichhorizon against were laid was black as night, with no rift philosophically that this simple event itself, as we are now able to save a sheer, blind trust in the unformula is the law of eternal progdisclosed purposes of the Lord. ress throughout the universe. THE NAUVOO TEMPLE LOT AND WELL TODAY.

Following the terrifying days of the martyrdom, the westward exodus had not only seemed inevitable, but had become month by month increasingly, even tremblingly, imminent. Why, then—so argued hardheaded common sense—why thisfeverish throwing away—this fanatical waste—on a building that must

in all probability be abandoned before it could be completed? How

much wiser it would be to husband the means of the community to buy wagons and equipment for the long trek beyond the Rocky Mountains!

So might wise friends have confronted Abraham at the foot of

Mount Moriah: "Why think of

sacrificing the child of promise for whose coming thou and thy wife

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1939

see, after the passage of one hun- v.sv..*>...-.....-.-..-.... /...<-. -.*...,-.-:....-.-. -.-.. -.-. -.....-.-.....-..-.-,..'-.*.'.'',..-.*..-..-.-.-....-.<.

dred years.

Consider first the most obvious of these reasons as set down by President Woodruff:

The temple might be destroyed even before its completion, or the Saints might not be permitted to enjoy, at any length, its blessings after it was finished. With

them that was not the question. Their

highest guidance was found in the observance of God's will. He had said so, and

if so, enough. The Spirit bore testimony

long before the mind had evidence of the great truth.

"Their highest guidance"—and

consequently also their immediate reward; for what wages could be

more effectual than sensing the daily joy of working for, and in collaboration with, the divine Architect? Let

this, then, be set down as inherent reason number one for obedience without stopping to question.

It was really this inward sanction

AN OLD SKETCH OF THE NAUVOO TEMPLE. power—notthat built theeventemple.the lashesNo otherof

that the roof would never cap the went to extremes in desecrating, even Pharaoh's taskmasters—could have

rallied the slender resources of the rising walls of the temple. Lest this with human excrement, the rooms set

Saints to so splendid a milliondollar overhanging fear, probably shared apart for holy purposes. A few

outcome in so short a time. generally, might prove true, each months sufficed to demolish and lay

part was dedicated and made to waste all that had, only yesterday,

YKE are apt to think of Nauvoo function as it was completed, from as it were, held together the aspiraduring these years as of a peothe baptismal font in the basement tions of a people whose only motive ple under an oppressive cloud of to the sealing rooms on the topmost was to bless mankind.

deprivation, accepting stoically their floor. Gone forever then? Had Satan and

hard mission as one of sheer duty on Rigdon's prophecy failed; neverhis cohorts triumphed? Impossible!

the sordid plane. But duty is leaden theless, the building was not finished True enough, the external record of

only when conceived in connection until most of the Saints had been the heroic labor was soon obliterwith selfpity—in this case, with the scattered in transit along the bleak ated. As an aggregation of earth

giving that trails "hurts"final (real giving of Iowa. Its dedication materials the finished temple could

).never hurts a completed duty as whole, took On the contrary, place to say, never hope compare,

may be golden when, as with these May 1, 1846, by twentytwo Elders, a lofty mountain, or even a noblewith builders, it is the expression of love, who had lingered in the torn and oak overshadowing an acre of of the desire to bless. desecrated city, or returned by sufground.

believe ferance must that And so to these we offer this of the mob, fareinternal the But temtemple—thedevoted well stripand oblation men of women devoted who human ple its interknit as with the souls of

ped themselves before the hearts the throne Let of God. bare—from could renever be builders—thiswidow blessings the temple socks for the who darned carried westto dust. duced beauIt was more

workers, to the Elder who gave all ward by the Saints be counted intiful viewed by the light of scatteredhis time and overtime—were full of herent reason number three. campfires than ever before. Nor

joy from morning to night; indeed, What next? Here in carved can inner achievement ever be dewere storing up memories of the stone, on its prominence above the stroyed, either in time or eternity!

happiest in their period stricken city, stood the finished lest the lives—memthink reader But toy- I am

ories to rise which beautiful were within, ornately again and temple, let figure ing a with of speech, me again to relieve and bless the hard magnificent without, forsaken perwork out in more exacting detail this years of pioneering that its builders, followed. force by longer no of soulchallenging thought: "MenLet these memories service counted be as inspiritual to man, only a symare,"says the Lord, "that they might

herent reason number two. bol, a monument to the pulsations of have joy."Pleasure He has eviBut these same men and women ten thousand eager human hearts! dently ordained to make man cling

carried westward with them three How long was it destined to adorn to his earthly habitat; happiness is

other rewards, far and away more the landscape, how long receive the best conceived as the fulness and tangible than blissful memories. The earliest ray of the risinr, the latest overflow of the natural life; but joy

first of these were the anointings, benediction of the setting sun? is a cosmic blessing whose source is

sealings, endowments, and ordinaThe evil forces behind the veil, traceable among the stars; joy

tions, only which a temple dedicated lurking hate whose of and gnashing all is transcends to natural—thatto the can Lord bestow. its followed every teeth had step in say, imwhich solar—influences, Sidney Rigdon, soured the uprearing, by materialized into now primarily pinge the body. upon JoySaints'rejection his of to claim leadthieves of bands robbers and who, is elixir the of soul the the daily and

ership of the Church, had prophesied not satisfied by looting for gain, (Concluded on page 438)

Crossing By MARGUERITE CAMERON

of story River Ford Green and of the A served generation. a sturdy youth who

as they looked out over the grey Sometimes, if others had gone begreen water of the river they shieldfore and if they had been thoughted their eyes with their hands. The ful, there would be a sign of warn-

"/<* early morning sun in blinding reing. But generally quicksand came

flection stung with its fiery glare. as a surprise.

"Here it begins,"Cousin Bunker In this party of nine wagons and \\ pointed out. nearly forty souls, were two lads in

"Where does it come out on the their late teens. There were other

who a!"other side?"someone asked. They brave hearts among the children but shouted Steve w.hoa!Christensen, driver of all studied the opposite shore line these two—Cousin Bunker McConthe team of horses leading in the with searching eyes. kie and Eric Jensen—always traveled

train of nine emigrant wagons. "I can see an open place about in the van of any exploring venture.

"W-h-o-a!"echoed sharp comthree hundred feet down stream,"1—

mands of the other eight drivers. Johnnie McConkie spoke up. "CrossiZ/Ric led his horse down

Horses and oxen drew to a standing on the diagonal this way we tc the break in the bank which still. Wagons creaked into rest. allow for the current. It must be meant the beginning of the ford.

"What's up now?"Julie Mcstrong here. Don't you let it pull He swung his right leg over his

Conkie asked her husband; "can it you out of the ford. The sign says pony, drew rein, and to those who

be the river?"the falls are just a mile below us but were examining the river with their

"That's it, I bet,"and Father eld Peter Hart said half a mile. We eyes he called:

Johnnie McConkie, who was leader had better look out for them.""I'll try it out."

of the company of settlers, jumped The drivers turned back to their Johnnie McConkie nodded.

down over the wagon wheel. Whatwagons. It seemed good to turn The others fastened their gaze

ever Papa did, Eva did too. She away from the graygreen water of upon Eric, marking his progress

was only four years old but she the river. If just a horseman were down the bank into the water deeper

climbed down over the wheel and to cross, the strength of the current and deeper, fighting the swirl and was now at her father's heels on the and the depth of the water had to energetic pull of midstream. They

way to the river bank. be noted. There were many more watched him climb up on the far

"It is the river, Pa,"she sought to things to be considered if wagons shore. They also noted that except

assure him now. "The oxen know it. were to cross: A smooth, stony where the ford entered and left the

They're sniffing."river bottom was good—but not a stream, the bank was high and too

"Everybody's going,"Julie told rough, stony one, where jagged abrupt for a landing. Either there

the young infant in her arms. "We'll rocks might catch at wagon wheels, could be no landing at all on such a

go too, precious."shake them loose, sometimes pull bank, or with the aid of ropes the

The whole company gathered them off midway over, to the dewagon would have to be brought up there on the bluff, every eye fastenstruction of the wagon, the loss of in pieces. This meant frightened

ed upon the gray qreen water of the the load, and the peril of those who oxen, sometimes loss of life, a damplunging river. Without doubt this rode. aged wagon, and more often than

was Green River, and this was the There was the uncertainty of the not the loss of all the wagon carried.

beginning of the ford from the west current itself, sometimes vigorous Above the boom and slapping bank. They had talked of it for and grasping underneath a calm clamor of the water, Eric was shoutdays, dreaded it! Now they looked watery surface. It might pull a ing something. What was it he

out upon the full, icy, snatching wagon under, overturn it. It might said? He would remain on the far

current. drown people. And certainly if it side to help teams to land. Let someYesterday when they had stopped could, it would pull a wagon away one else drive his oxen over.

at Peter Hart's place Old Peter had from the ford into a precarious crossThese oxen belonged to Papa warned them: "The ford's yonder ing, like as not into quicksand. Johnnie. Eva knew Buck and Bollie.

to the east. Ten miles and ye'll be These frontiersmen knew well the When she saw Granddad climb to

there. If ye get off, you'll start rules for any crossing through the seat where Eric Jensen had sat,

driftin'and the falls ain't no more'n quicksand. The wagon, the team, she felt a great desire to sit beside

a half mile below.... Goin'to whether horse or mule or ox, must him and behind these two ox friends.

Moab.be ye?... Down behind the be kept in constant motion. There In response to a shouted warning

rocks?... Well, good luck and must be no stopping, or sink they Eva jumped aside, conscious of oxen

cut shy of the falls."would into the water and out of headed her way. But these were

They had driven on. Old Peter sight. Buck and Bollie. They came inled a lonely life, they thought, all Frequently this deadly quicksand stantly to a stand. They knew Eva.

alone in this desert wilderness. Now would be next door to the ford. They would not step on her. Per402

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1939

"I'LL GO FIRST,"VOLUNTEERED CHRISTENSEN.

HE HAD A TEAM OF HORSES. SEEMINGLY UNAFRAID, BUT WARY OF GOOD FOOTING, THEY

STEPPED INTO THE RIVER.

after the one Granddad was driving had halted at the beginning of the ford. Men were, holding the

**t- oxen back. Cousin Bunker pulled

off his shoes, and was also in the water swimming this way.

When Eva turned forward again,

Now Buck and Bollie were to she could see, instead of the end of have their turn. Behind them the the ford before them, only a high:

great prairie wagon lurched down forbidding jumble of rocks.

thought theyhaps had some Eva into the sidewash of the bank. west didn't his get Granddad Why their for great them.sugar With sit overjoyed to Eva was beside into whiplash action? didn't Why over. herbulging looked they eyes Granddad all alone with one no talk to the he oxen? did neither, If he

They stretched their necks to be pulling her back, telling her to be how could the oxen ever get back petted. careful. Into the water of the ford to the path of the ford?

"Lift me up,"Eva bade Cousin the oxen stepped. Eva felt the The oxen were looking for direcstoodBunker who slip wheels over stony river beside the wagon. wagon tion. fancied Eva she saw Buck line made. wasThe bottom. the Deeper deeper and jerk his head the lower under "Keep together,"directed Johnnie water became. Higher and higher as if he would like to look back,yokeas

McConkie, "Keep going. Don't it marked the flanks of Buck and if he wished to set eyes on this

stop."to Eva saw that Mama Julie with tideBollie.conspiringIt swirledto sendaboutthisthemox team,as a savestrangehimselfdriveror whothemdidfromnothingdestrucBaby Joey in her arms had gone. wagon, and precious load downtion.

their children with mothersOther stream. The wagon swerved to the And what was that roar she was after her. hurryingwere They right. now

in hearing ears her louder louder and ready Captainmust be when McIt to seemed that they Eva now they as neared midstream. Just to to signaledConkie them up move drifting were the track from away falls the what didn't she were knowthe ford, ford. the There Heber was James'monster ready to pounce from of—a called. in Eva,"Julie "Eva, But they should which wagon have been pile, rock of hostile a some band

the commotion of "Giddap"and go following way over to one side. Eva Indians. But she was quite sure

who could hear anything that was could hear her father yelling from that the falls were bad. They meant

not right at hand? the high bank. But Granddad made destruction. She had heard the

"I'll go first,"volunteered Steve no answer, no move. What was the grownups say when they had still

Christensen. He had a team of matter? Eva looked back. She saw been on land: "Look out for the

horses. Seemingly unafraid but Papa Johnnie in the water swimming falls."

them. toward to But if he were ofwary they stepped good footing, peered Eva into Grandup Now certainly help theminto river. their he knew the and heads They bent face, dad's fouryear-old in her and

that well Eva knew he must tolow, sniff the work water. seeming realized consciousness she that some the to side other the of Father and Eva saw Johnnie around terrible thing happening and was wagon. the approach oxen the To fromstanding directing high on bank that infinitely something might: worse right the side to invite was upset anSteve ford. into the down Next still befall sat them. Granddad or a all stampede. this. knew Eva the team ofcame Heber James, who there, the of great braided whip

that her father She sawsat seat, the in was front making whiplash on his in clutched rawhide hands, but progress. shouting Thehand himslow until he found too, Silent, water must be he made no move. was the current strong. cold andself following directly Christensen voice, for the Granddad's great

into the stream. She saw that the team next in line {Continued on page 437)

401JhinqA. Jo Ssl

J-outuLQn.

MORMON LITERATURE By ROSANNAH C IRVINE the early days of the Church, Of the Relief Society General Board

INthe Prophet Joseph gave this adye Saints: "Seek the to vice LITERATURE SAGA OF BUT HONEST IS AN MoRMONDOM, AUR This books."the best fromwisdom OF IT HAS OVERLOOKED BEEN AND MUCH FORGOTTEN—AND time, is doubly that atcounsel, good

IS IF THIS READ HAVE OUR THE FUTURE YOUTH MUST AND MUST the marketnecessary when now IN PAST. TIED BE is TO WITH THE

all types, of some books withflooded good, many questionable, and a host that are really vicious. Thomas "SsuiL ifSL jtviAjdojfL pwjfL Bul b&&L Jbwk&J'

Carlyle, after reading a popular

French novel, said: "I feel as if I

should go and bathe seven times in of the great men of a few decades fed on exaggerated, imaginative, and the River Jordan."That type of past; many have not so much as highly flavored food as to reject the

reading, salacious, prolific, and heard of some of our valuable early homely fare of the writer who relates that should be kind is the "popular,"priceless booklets, in story simple an intense his own literature—those all displaced in by the our homes which, half a century excerpt the ago, were from is an used way. Here

literature of our own writers. so commonly in teaching the prinJournal of Heber C. Kimball, describAs with all people who have enciples of our Gospel, The FaithPro- ing a scene in the dark days before

dured, we have accumulated a vital moting Series. These extraordinary the martyrdom of the Prophet:and distinctive memorial—a literbooks are almost forgotten.

the is of 30th October, 1838, authentic day and an we On ature which either not yet produced have We of the several thousand mob people. of chronicle our Thegraphic the discovered a but Shakespeare, a Milton or the to pretense coming under Far West to are peculiar to our Churchworks writers, early both men and women, troops. of being passed Government They

be found in all the great libraries of have recorded the luminous history through our corn and wheat fields, making their desolation complete of everything a in important are as nation. the They direct, in simple, unof our people

that way. Smith The came Joseph word as are those national records to our straightIn language. ornamented several others to given be up, were and movement. other outstanding of any the told they fashion have forward the otherwise massacre every would mob

It has been said by some, not of events of a vital, a fascinating, a man, woman, and child. In order to prethe execution of this threat, Joseph faith, that the Book of Mormonour the vent story. most dramatic Today

up. gave himself significant book is the most of the simple, of our matterof-fact words

of course Bible, which century. The for recognized early be authors must laconic! statement, calm, A simple together alone, to us belong notdoes zeal. their exalted morality Their and in its brevity. eloquent But how the of Docthe Mormon, Bookwith is elethan language rugged more in a tragedy those is embodied What of Pearl the trine Covenants, and graceful. gant, sincere than more brief sentences. histories, biogour Price, our Great briltheir brevity exceeds Their

raphies, our hymns and other liance. They practiced no art. What If we become imbued with the

poetical writings, with their wisdom they wrote, they wrote in the lanspirit of these valiant souls who inand philosophy, form a veritable guage of their time. They had no scribed a lifetime of effort and

storehouse of truth. thought of fashion or style in authorpathos in ordinary, unemotional

If we are searching for spiritual ship. They had no literary amphraseology, we shall be able to

treasures, there is no better place to bition. Neither fame nor fortune visualize in rare and radiant colors

seek them than in our Mormon lured them on. In enforcing a the dramatic actions, intense hopes,

books. But we, generally, perhaps truth they used severity rather than and heartbreaking frustrations

because of our proximity, have failed brilliance. In reading their words gleaming through the "written words.

to appreciate their worth. There one may fail to see beyond the plain The older books among Mormon

are many people living in London expressions the glow and glory of literature are priceless. For inspirawho have never seen the Tower, nor an aweinspiring reality. tion and information they should be

in the hands, in the memory, and in visited Westminster Abbey. We Of course, there were some among

often need perspective to help us our early writers who were highly the heart of every Latterday Saint.

evaluate things. Many of our youth educated and gifted, but all were These wonderful stories can become

are unfamiliar with the lives and filled with a divine and righteous fire. a strength in weakness, a guide to

labors of our stalwart leaders of the All wrote as they thought. our understanding. Only let our

long ago; many young people of toyoung people read of the sorrows,

day could not name, or perhaps Tt is a pity if public taste has bethe struggles, the endurance, and even recognize the portraits of, most come pampered, and must be so the magnificent faith of their fore404

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1939

fathers, and they cannot help being "Oh, Ye Mountains High"before volume of the Juvenile Instructor, the built up in the faith. he had ever been in America? That Contribution, or the Woman's ExWould you have your children he wrote it after he had been called ponent. They all contain a wealth

gain an invincible and fervent testiby President Young to remain in of excellent reading matter, as do mony of the divine mission of the England for a year after he was also our current publications.

Prophet Joseph Smith? Let them prepared—and longing to come to For beauty and philosophy exread his autobiography. Let them Utah? In spite of his disappointpressed with charm and grace we

learn and sing that inspiring song, ment, he still maintained his spirit have poetry from the pens of our "Joseph Smith's First Prayer."of valor and obedience, and wrote of gifted writers. Sarah E. Carmichael,

Would you establish an undying the Zion of his dreams and ideals. one of our earliest and greatest poets,

faith in your sons and daughters? wrote many exquisite things. In her

Have them read the FaithPromot- tribute to President Brigham Young, ing Series: "Leaves From My Jourwritten in the old Salt Lake Bowery,

nal,""The Life of Nephi,""Lydia August 8, 1857, is this stanza:

Knight's History,""A String of We do not call thee Chieftain,

Pearls,""Helpful Visions,""My Thy cheek would flush to hear

First Mission,"and so on, through Earth's titles woven with thy name, ear. in thine whispered Andthe entire list.

to well gild the presume As Would you have your young men Or paint earth's brightest flowers;sun,

and women prepared to battle with We only call thee Brigham Young, call thee ours.the keen, antagonistic minds which We only

they will meet in the mission field?

F. Whitney's Orson And from read themHave Mr. Durant of Salt

epic the only in our poem City, the "Elias,"E.Lake by Ben Rich, and

accounts of the sudden and blessed literature, we find this:

inspiration that came to George Q. Truth taught me more,—but bade me silent

Cannon and Jedediah M. Grant and be, else,—-toil and prayer,hosts of others in their hours of need. And andI hadpain,teachers

Would you increase their knowledge With days and nights of misery's martyrof the faith and fortitude which dom, sustained our pioneers? Have them Alone and torn in Grief's Gethsemane;

read the History of Utah, by Orson Till neath,storm above and earthquake under-

F. Whitney. Would you have Shook down thought's prison house, broke

them quicken and thrill with the bolt and bar, desire to accomplish noble deeds? And Agony set Inspiration free.

Have them read the biographies of

It is to a temptation quote moreour great women. and men Would

writers. these are so There loyal have sucfromyou them become

cessors to their sturdy ancestors? many that are worthy of consideraHave them read our Mormon litertion and intensive study. President

ature. Do you know the words of this hymn,John Taylor"The Seer,wroteThethatSeer,inspiringJoseph,

For stirring, powerful, fascinating lovely hymn? Do you teach them The Seer."And we love the hymns

sing children to your and the hymn it isnarrative unequaled. If you Pratt, P. of Parley W. Phelps, W. with them? taught you your Have ofwant our present generato make to others, too and numerous many

tion of boys and girls the leaders of children the circumstances under mention. In one of Eliza R. Snow's

which "Come, Come, Ye Saints"heritage, of theirtomorrow, worthy was mostloved hymns, Fa- "Oh, My written? President Young Of how history. our withacquaint them bit of a revealing ther,"we have

called to write a Clayton William establish virtue, toThere is no way philosophy. Mormon A part of one that cheer the discourwould faith,honesty, in our song enthusiasm and bears stanza this message:

youth so powerful as the teaching aged Saints and give them strength

In the single? parents are heavens their to continue courage and wearyof visions these themes. and The

stare. reason thought makes No! The inthe how, through way? Andideals these of heroic and men women eternal reason, Truth spiration song, did of that they reality their ofshould the I've there. go TellsTruth become a Mother meis

offspring. Let our youth, through on? Have you ever sat around a

their study, learn that the strength real or an imaginary campfire and If you are fortunate enough to of the early members of our Church dramatized the story and the song? have a copy of the Journal of Diswas gained through suffering and Try it. It will awaken in your chilcourses, read to your children, and

sacrifice; that their mastery over self dren an appreciation of the afflicencourage them to read for themwas the result of high thinking; that tions and bravery of our people selves the wise and good counsel of

their serenity and power to endure which they perhaps have never realPresident Brigham Young. He said

trial and sorrow came through faith ized before. "Do not get so angry that you canand steadfast prayer. not pray. Do not allow yourselves

Do we devote enough time to the "pOR Mormon fiction there are short to become so angry that you cannot teaching of our inspiring hymns, and stories and longer stories to be feed an enemy."And again: "No

of the circumstances under which found for those who desire that type man can be exalted unless he be inthey were written? They all have a of reading. Our Church magazines, dependent."And then again, he

history. Do you know that Presiboth old and new, are full of good said this: "Persecution and hatred

dent Charles W. Penrose wrote material. It is a joy to find an old {Concluded on page 436)

J NATIVE BLOOD

Photo by Harry Goutding, Monument Valley Trading Post Operator.

By ALBERT R. LYMAN crawlhim."onThenhis therebellycameand furtherbeg meto toplaguehelp NAVAJOS WATCHING A RACE ON THE DESERT.

Yoinsnez's life a burly white man who set post, questionable trading operated a up tone, in principles, on gambling finally and whoTHEthe STORYland of THUSthe Navajos,FAR: whereDown the the reluctant into Yoinsnez a bet goaded in that—this"I wouldcasehaveis lost!"no faith at all

great, weird shapes of Monument Valley for high stakes on a horse race and a foot "But I've got to do it! Simply

the skyline Southwest, the punctuate of the won, race, which Navajos but which got to!"he insisted in a hoarse whishis his son and Yoinsnez and to merely race another daughter, proved be bait for

Eltceesie, lived in a hogan, neighboring with higher stakes. At the big race the per. "After my long plans to make

Peejo, all his little son, this But this Husteele and come runner dehorse now backed and Navajos by the trip—and

in things their all other neighborliness spite last, arrived but Peejo came in on the it!"just to quit? I can't do scene way

rivalry there a bitter between grew his to advise adopted farawau from home the capture a phantom two for horse—the that the white horse runner man's and were it'll "Allmean—-youright, boy,know,but Itoo."know what stallion thlizhen Beleeh it. (blackhorse)—aof could and he Yoinsnez prove of Navajo

that if I appeared fullgrown type onArabian know. Eltceesie have But to seek Peejo's was induced by "Yes—I

line, the UtahArizona on MesaHuskaniny help, did humility. in reluctant which he it. to shoot, I shoot something

his capture, all efforts for defied and I'll which his evidence, presented Peejo the and by quit till I'm licked."stealth, trickery, force. or whether of As the issue in not left the wager terms of was

still waited for an Badger The the attempt occupants hogan would of each confusion.

his capture, the occupants of the other answer.

would lie in wait to see if their rivals were "We'll run the races again,"Peejo the successful. Suddenly, however, dread Chapter IX announced, "but we want the disYoinsnez, influenza struck the hogan of

crushing the life from his son and prostance to be a mile and a half."trating all others. While their rivals were "That wasn't in the agreement—

so stricken, Husteele sought and Peejo the to about exstoreman faand was told her again to capture without Blackhorse—but plode a objection with friend when that they success. visther whatEIltceesiehad happened, the devastating plague Then

ited the hogan of Husteele. Ten days later, would have to run both races again bolstered him with a whisper,

finally after strength gained Yoinsnez had 'You've got the whole United States against a faster man and to visit his rival, neighborenough and to pick from."only—probablya better horse.

alive. Peejoelevenyear-old Yoinwas still

snez took the boy to his own roof and "Yaw de law!"he breathed with "Youbetcherlife!"and he expandcared for him. He also took Husteele's despairing emphasis, and turned his ed from a half whisper nearly to the

horses and herds and mingled them with eyes with pleading to the resourceful big laugh! "I've got the whole world

Husteele's burned his own, hoand down to furnish a a white man and me father. his able white Peejo and to blot out epiin an effort thegan dread

It's horse. a go. All man's Eltceesie too, her white to them, turned Yoinsnez'sdemic. feeling first compasof

sion soon, however, turned to rising resentface a cast of anxious fear, "Can't the other conditions the same as bebitter distrust Peejo and whenment seemed from days think something? Can't you do you fore—thirty now—right

tell all.reluctant that his to he father, and Nahohi."that's Surely, of some way? why here—another learnedHusteele, Blackhorse. Behad of

will at ten in be "The footrace all after this long have you come convalescence, period adequatefore an of

Peejo and Eltceesie were out caring for time!"the forenoon, the horses at three,"

rival sthe as sheep, a for Eltceesie and faPeejo agree. added and had all hands half it be?"Peejo would "What

therevor vain Begay, came Natawney the arrangements completed With pleaded, her stung with and was son the tribe's big medicine favoredand of man. In boyish physical conflicts he bested show of surprise and disappointment he made them known to the shepthe sickworn Peejo. Yoinsnez's open apat his confession of helplessness. herdess and her father, and told

attentions Begay'sproval the widened of to to return the them he would have imsomething!"she "Oh surely

breach Peejo, and, Yoinsnez between and ranch in Texas, back be but he would plored. have always "You known told anger, to thatdriven Peejo Yoinsnez

he would never find Blackhorse until he things we could not understand."in plenty of time for the races. He

had returned to Peejo the sheep and horses She had taken him to be a superlooked away at the big hands on the corral, his father'staken then and from as if horizon he wished nothing were faith challenged his weakman—her disappeared. lengthenedPeejo Months had away. to take him ness to a point of desperation. He returnedinto years when Begay home from

a celebration in New Mexico to tell a looked questioningly at the Colonel "Which horse will you run and fearasked Yoinsnez man?"having Yoinsnezbrooding seen of Peejo—older the what understood man

thea adopted son new Peejo, of now fully. Navajos."must be "They a—thequery, but he shook his head dissent thatwealthy white man, word who

"Peejo admitted slowhe would come back some day-—a day of couragingly. "I know—triumph for Peejo in which Yoinsnez "will "No—"he answered in an underly, almost despairingly. "You'll have

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1939

to leave it to me. If we lose, I'll rushed out and peered through the pressed his lips firmly together and

lose more than you. If we win, I'll railings. When they backed up to a his cheek against Blackhorse's mane.

claim everything the Badger has bank and led out a horse, the old man A special trainer had come from put up."raised his hands and gasped—wonthe big school in Texas to keep

"No if about it,"interrupted the der of wonders, it was Beleeh thlizPeejo in fitness for the race. And

Colonel with the impatience of a henl It was the mesa king! He Peejo, the trainer, or the Colonel

lose—thatfather whois,"lovesand hishe addedson, "you'llin an wasloved gentlePeejo asanda dogtractable,loves hisandmashe wasof thewithdaytheandblacknight,horsebotheveryto protecthour

undertone, "unless you have some ter. It must be a dream. him from meddlesome hands, and

ulterior prize to win.""Beleeh thlizhenl"exclaimed the to try by every known method to

"If I win I win, and if I lose I may old man in a wild ecstasy, and he rub the stiffness from his limbs, but still win,"put in Peejo cryptically, reached with his stiff old fingers to the trip had been a hard ordeal, and with hopeful gameness in his tone, stroke the glossy coat of what had he refused his grain.

and the Colonel nodded approvbeen the untouchable phantom of the A string of cars rolled in from ingly. desert, while the kingly creature California—another truck—another

The red car vanished with a cloud raised high his proud head, turning horse, a bay, with racy legs and of dust in the desert, and the two his shapely ears towards the hands long neck. What heavy lungs and

upraised hands that Peejo loved on the skyline and uttered his imlight flank! He was built like a

reached still to the sky in perfect perious challenge to the familiar coyote.

trust that he would return. desert. "Youbetcherlife!"gloated the

The Badger regained his full vol- "Yaw de law!"the old man went Badger as they led Comet out on

ume, casting all anxiety to the wind. on in a transport, oblivious to the the sand. "No question about his

"Ha! ha! ha!"he broadcast for pleased interest of Peejo and the pedigree, nor about his speed. Hey,

Yoinsnez when the old man got up Colonel. "Beleeh thlizhenl He is a old man,"he called; "that's the first

courage again to go in the store. Navajo horse, and he can run faster and only racehorse you've ever

"So you want me to beat you again. than the wind."seen,"and he reached to slap the

Youbetcherlife! I have three hunYet when the black horse moved insult into the old man's stooped

dred million people to choose from, off he showed he was lame from the shoulders.

and they have the fastest horses and long ride, and would have to be the fastest men the world has ever rested and cared for before he could vJne of the cars from Caliknown. Your man has to be a Navrun. fornia brought a man with legs like

ajo, and your horse of the same The Badger was going to chal- a mustang and lungs like a buffalo.

mongrel breed. You've already run lenge the nationality of the black This strange man and the long,

the fastest horse and the fastest man stallion, but after listening to the wolflike horse—they disturbed the

on the reservation, so you'll have recognizing ecstasies of Yoinsnez, confidence inspired by the coming the job of herding my sheep a month he gave that up, and looked him back of the mysterious Beleeh thlizlonger."over grudgingly. hen. And the Badger was so cockThe old man went silently and "I reckon I can use him to knock sure! Tormented with dread, the

humbly from the store. He had just around with,"he chuckled depreold man went with Eltceesie to get

one slim prospect on which he tried ciatingly. what comfort they could from Peejo's

to hang his hopes: The mysterious Peejo flinched, and put his arms confidence.

wanderer and his masterly father caressingly around the arched neck. "I'm troubled,"the shepherdess

confessed, her face beautiful with surprisedfrom everybody Texas had takes ain't forgot the winner "You (Continued on page 436) delaying the calamity;by the horses,"tormaybe both Badger added

they would come with a magic trick mentingly, but the Navajo boy RANGE HORSES to head it off altogether. Photo by Jeano Orlando.

IN atawney Begay, delighted to be still in possession of his brown horse, was disturbed to know of the famous part Peejo had taken in bringing it about, and worse disturbed to know Peejo was coming back. He scowled his eagleeyes

down to narrow slits when Eltceesie gave her glowing account of it.

Before the time for the big races the Colonel and his adopted son returned from their mysterious faraway, bringing with them a special truck carrying a black horse, a proud and challenging stallion. Their

coming set everything astir in the neighborhood. It was announced in

echoing yells from the hogan to the herd and thence to the passerby on the trail.

Eager and hopeful after the days of suspense and waiting, Yoinsnez

JhsL PROTESTORS OF CHRISTENDOM

isters in thirteen cantons. In sendxvi WajuJl %winqlL stance, and Basel and to the mining these instructions, the council,

advised by Zwingli, was exercising (CONCLUDED) the function of a bishop of the Roman church.

Because they were not warranted in scriptures, the anything ZwinBy JAMES L BARKER bygli rejected the mass and Roman

Head of the Department of Modern Languages at images in the churches. In their

cited favor of the Constance bishop the University Utah, and Gen- a Member of of the universities several he had consulted. eral the Deseret School Sunday Union Board of

will- a Diet expressed Swiss The ingness to help in the abolition of the sale of indulgences, of church

Much more important than any true word of God, and you believe offices, and in the reform of the difference of opinion between Zwinyou are the true interpreters of it? clergy, but desired that centuryold

of and the use customs—the mass generalvicar is the yourselves, then Agreegli and the fundaamong

retained, even be beimages—should the difference fore givingmental revealed the world."5 these law to by

brief quotations and the decision of If the books of the Bible were though they had come into being centhe council: Zwingli, in agreement written with the inspiration of the turies after the time of the apostles.

with the Roman Church that no pubHoly Ghost, then the same inspiraThe abolition of the Roman worlic revelation had been received since tion is necessary for their proper ship was thorough: all images, relics,

the time of the apostles, desired to interpretation; neither Zwingli nor frescoes, and ornaments of every

cling to the revelations contained in Luther nor the Roman church was kind were removed from the churches the New Testament to the exclusion in a position to interpret the scripand the walls whitewashed; even the

of all else not prescribed by them; tures without the aid of the Spirit. organs were taken out. In 1525,

the generalvicar claimed authority All of the Reformers differed in their the city authorities "melted, sold, or for the church to decide the quesinterpretation of the scripture. The gave away the rich treasures of the

tions at issue as the apostles in Acts bishops and the councils of the RoGreat Minster and the Frauen15 had decided the questions then man church have also differed, one minster—chalices, crucifixes, and

confronting the church. council sometimes undoing the work crosses of gold and silver, precious

relics, clerical tapestry, robes, and times at another; majority of deit this "In vast religious quarrel,

... jusother Zwingli ornaments. cisions enforced. If there have been of this not a question that orwas."7

.. tified this vandalism. is it is result unity, force."the of ofdogma, the the maintenance or

reform of this or that disciplinary Zwingli felt that the only safe As in Germany, the bishops oplaw; in reality the discussion was course was to adhere to the scripposed the Reformation, and the civil

concerned with one subject only: the tures and to reject whatever was not rulers assumed their rights and funcacceptance or the rejection of the inspecifically contained in them. tions. A first synod was held in 1 528

fallible doctrinal mission of the In 1524, the Council of Zurich rein which each congregation was repchurch. The protestants denied this formed the public worship. In so resented by its minister and two lay

doctrinal and infallible mission."8 doing they followed the advice of delegates.

Zwingli. Zwingli subordinated the In Germany where the governIn principle, the position of the

generalvicar was sound. Peter and state to the church. ments were monarchial, the people

the apostles were entitled to the inIn the second disputation, Zwingli had no voice in the government of spiration of the Lord in directing took the position that a truly Christhe church and could not even their work in matters of doctrine, tian congregation was a better choose their pastors; in Zurich, a

and they received that inspiration; church than all the bishops and the republic, the church was dependent

what they decided "seemed good to pope together and that they had the on the state, but the action of the the Holy Ghost and to us."* But right to settle questions in dispute. civil rulers was not only inspired by

this inspiration had ceased; any dethe religious leaders, but supported

cision the church would make would "pOR the direction of ministers in by the sentiment of the people.

be a purely human decision. the canton and elsewhere, ZwinIn his Archeteles, 1522, Zwingli

Evidently Erasmus felt that the gli prepared "A Short and Christian further defended the eating of meat

Reformers also were not guided by Introduction."It was sent by the which he had already justified in

the Spirit in their interpretation of council to the bishops in Coire, ConOn the Choice and Freedom of Food the scriptures. Erasmus said to 6In Mourret, La Rennaissance et la Reforme, p. 340. earlier in the same year. In this secthem: "All of you appeal to the tures8 Theis notmattera questionof the ofinterpretationtranslation only,of thebutscripalso ond work the "debate turned upon

original in reestablishing as authority the church custom doubt and many text—Ill, vol. cited sJanssen, p. 193, by Mourret, La ofcases there are where variants. the revision of Thein

et la 344.Renaissance p. Reforme, scriptures undertaken Smith vol. vii, conceived by 'Schaff, Joseph was History Church, of the Christian

15:28. *Acta in the only that task the can accomplished. be way 59. p.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1939

against individual freedom."8 In scribed the baptism of all unbaptized "Six executions in all took place

another tract, he gave an unsystemchildren within eight days. Parents in Zurich between 1527 and 1532.

atic explanation of the theses for the who did not comply with the regulaManz... was bound, carried to a

first disputation. At his instigation, tion were to be banished. boat, and thrown into the river Limthe council abolished baptismal and The Anabaptists seemed to have mat near the lake.... The foreignburial fees. attached at first no particular imers were punished by exile and met

By 1 525, Zwingli's work as a reportance to the form of baptism. For death in Roman Catholic countries.

former was complete. Afterwards, a time after the Reformation, immerHubmeier... recanted and was sent

his action is either political or dision was practiced in England, and out of the country to recant his rerected against the radicals (AnaLuther preferred it. In Switzerland, cantation. He... was burnt at the

baptists) among the Protestants. the Anabaptists ( rebaptizers ) bapstake in Vienna, March 10, 1528.

Like Luther, he came into conflict tized at first by sprinkling, by pourThree days afterwards his faithful.. was drowned in the Danwith the radicals of the reform moveing, and by partial or total immerwife.12

ment. "The Reformers aimed to sion. The baptists of England and ube."The other cantons of Switreform the old church from the Bible; America adopted immersion. zerland treated the Anabaptists in a

like gentle Diet of manner. "The radicalsthe build to attempted a new

(Catholic, decreed Speier 1529), 'T'wingli, appealing to circumcision, the Bible."Luther, 9 Likechurch from

Zwingli believed that the Christian tried to persuade the Anabapthat 'every Anabaptist and rebapchurch had had a continuous existtists to accept the baptism of infants. tized person of either sex be put to

ence from the time of the apostles; He both wrote a book, On Baptism, death by sword, or fire, or otherthe radicals believed there had been wise'."One may perhaps ask why

an apostacy, and tried to construct the Gospel was restored in the nine- a church on the model of the aposteenth century, but one may hardly tolic age. Some even looked to inask why it was not restored at the

spiration in the accomplishment of time of the Reformation.

the task. Neither Zwinglians nor Catholics

The radical movement began in had any idea of tolerance, but each

Zurich. The radicals aimed to estabforbade liberty of worship and perlish a pure church of converts, not secuted the13 other wherever they had

being satisfied with the churches the power. After a first threat of

composed of converts and nominal hostilities between the Catholic members, who were members beForest Cantons and Zurich, a peace cause of intolerance and church and slightly favorable to Zurich was constate compulsion. They "could find cluded. However, the Catholic canno trace of infant baptism in the tons would not tolerate ProtestantBible, and denounced it as an inism, and Zurich placed an embargo

vention of the pope and the devil. on food supplies sent to them. War

Baptism, they reasoned, presupposes broke out and the Protestants were instruction, faith, and conversion, defeated at the battle of Kappel bewhich is impossible in the case of tween Zurich and Zug. Zwingli acinfants. Voluntary baptism of adult companied the Zurich troops and

and responsible converts is, therewas slain on the battlefield. His

fore, the only valid baptism.... body was quartered for treason and

The demand of rebaptism virtually burned for heresy, and his ashes unbaptized and unchristianized the scattered.

entire world, and completed the10 rupProtestants and Catholics were ture with the historic church."Rebaptism, and Infant Baptism and alike intolerant, but intolerance was

Had the radicals considered bapheld two disputations with them. an inheritance many centuries old,

tism necessary for salvation, their The council decided in Zwingli's and they were unable to shake it attitude in regard to the church and favor and ordered the parents to off. Their ideas of the functions of their own right to baptize would unhave their children baptized. They the Holy Ghost were vague—and,

doubtedly have been more decisively refused either to leave or to have as evidenced by the infliction of the negative: they probably would not their children baptized. death penalty for heresy, they had

only have attacked infant baptism, no firsthand acquaintance with the but would have considered the quesThe leaders were imprisoned and Spirit. The church was dead.

tion of the authority to baptize, and ministers sent to convert them. Some

reached the conclusion that, because were "converted,"others demonThe battle of Kappel stopped the of the acceptance of heretical bapstrated in the streets. The magisprogress of the Reformation in Gertism and the baptism of infants, there tracy threatened "those who stubman Switzerland. However, the rehad been in reality no baptism for bornly persisted in their error, with form movement in Switzerland

centuries and, consequently, no death by drowning. He who dips, was continued by Calvin and came

to have more influence in France, Christian church other than in name. shall be dipped—a cruel irony."England, and America than Lutherof Zurich, In 1525, the Council "It is Zwingli whether not known anism. advice, following Zwingli's to senpre- really the death consented

i2ibid. tence but he certainly did not openly vol. History, 8Cambridge, II, p. Modern

tolerated neither the Anabaptists were by Though vol. vii, BSchaff, Christian Church, History of the it."u oppose the the Lutherans Zwinglians, nor the Catholics nor

71. p. the attached, they idea very an to which were much

10Schaff. History of the Christian Church, vol. vii, "-Schaff, History of the Christian Church, vol. vii, independence of church and state, has tended to

p. 77. p. 83. prevail in modern times.

Qyc JthjL QntsuvL&L aflL BETTER ART IN OUR Thein desireman. toAmongworshippeopleis inherentof all

races we find some sort of ritual in which color, movement, and sound CHURCHES contribute to make the ceremony impressive. agreeable andmore In By PROFESSOR B. F. LARSEN the early life of on the earth, man

community devotion became a major Head of the Department of Art, consideration. Men built altars and Brigham Young University

offered sacrifices to Deity. The

crude shrines were improved upon as we gradually discovered new hphis article, written at the invitation of the architectural forms and principles Church Beautification Committee, invites attenuntil cathedrals and temples were tion TO THAT PHYSICAL HARMONY WHICH SHOULD evolved. Architectural styles have CHARACTERIZE OUR CHAPEL INTERIORS.

changed, but from each of the great period styles of the past, most of the finest monuments preserved to us are buildings which in some way have been associated with the worship of

Deity.

Religious thoughts and ideals express our finest achievements. Since

this is true it is natural that we should endeavor to make our houses *$iag8&&--:

of worship really worthy places where men at their best can meet and enjoy the Spirit of God—a place

worthy of Deity.

In the new world the New England colonists patterned their church buildings after the prevailing styles

CONSUELLA, BY J. W. CLAWSON

PIONEERS ENTERING SALT LAKE VALLEY, BY in the mother countries. Many of HENRI MOSER

our first churches in the West were replicas of New England types. to the spirit of worship as discordant

They were good in proportion and sounds are. Good design expressed

possessed classic restraint. The by form, color, and texture has much

western expansion brought builders to do with our thoughts, our moods, who were trained in the classic traand our attitudes.

dition. All good design needs spots or

But with the westward expansion areas of enriched color and pattern came also the spirit of romanticism. properly balanced against more quiet

We disregarded tradition and built areas. In churches, as in homes,

homes and churches which were good pictures furnish ideal concenoften very limited in aesthetic qualtrated design units which give charity. Some of the churches built duracter and personality to the interior.

ing this period lack the fineness of Good pictures have all of the deexpression which should be assosirable qualities expressed by other ciated with the spirit of worship. types of structural and decorative

Today we are in the midst of a design. They have also the added

new era of church building. Strucadvantage of presenting interesting

tural and decorative design is being stories which stimulate our thinking dominated by function. Again we and take our attention from the cares

are giving attention to good proporand worries of our everyday work.

tion and harmonious color as vital Highly conventional and abstract deelements of the design. We know sign may express great aesthetic

that inharmonious shapes and poor achievements, but it cannot compare arrangements may be as disastrous with good pictures, in calling to mind

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1939

Dictures in churches should be chapel or classroom. Neither exworthy in subject matter and in treme is desirable.

art quality. Their selection requires Church interiors must be planned

understanding and careful thinking. wisely by men who understand both

Sentiment in favor of the home town religion and art. Very often the

artist should not alone be allowed architect knows very little about to dominate in the selection of proper pictures and he therefore makes inchurch pictures. We must rememadequate provision for them when

ber that discordant form and color he plans the building. The writer

may be as disturbing to the spirit asked a prominent Utah architect, of worship as continuous unrelated who has erected many public buildnoises. Pictures should fit the enings, why he made no provision for

vironment where they are placed or easel pictures and murals. In his

the environment should be changed answer he stated that the architect to fit the pictures. Harmony in size, planned the shell and by the time

shape, color, and idea is important. that was paid for there was no money

Many old world chapels are sickleft for other things. "Let some

ening because of the jumbled and one else worry about the furnishcluttered-up appearance of unings."

worthy, weak, sentimental pictures Many of our public buildings have hung in disorder where they must been erected in this way. There is

compete with varied and unrelated a certain amount of money available.

ornament clamoring for attention. It is all used to erect the shell. Often

EL TRAUMEREI, BY LEE GREENE RICHARDS The expression, "It is a scream,"apthe caretaker, or some other equally plies to such places. If carried to inexperienced person, provides the

the extreme this disorder may procolor scheme. The pictures are a

great human thoughts, struggles, mote feelings of discord and even neglected afterthought. A fewand achievements. horror. trees and shrubs are added accordPictures utilize fine color and Buildings such as Westminster ing to the fancy of some novice. We

lovely shapes to reinforce important Abbey are essentially museums in sometimes have as a result a disideas expressed in vital story form. which many things are stored which cordant hodgepodge. With careThey are more than mere centers of have no relationship to the archiful and consistent planning we might

interest in a good interior design; tecture of the building. This tires have enjoyed a worthy, unified work

they are sermons enriched with one and detracts from worship. One of art.

color, texture, and pattern. moves about with a feeling of curiThere should be collaboration of

osity rather than reverence and feels architect, painter, sculptor, and landPictures are focal points for attenrefreshed and relieved when conscape artist in the planning. Until

tion. Their value in mass concentacting the fresh air of the outside all these are consulted, a Church

tration is well understood. A group again. The other extreme is the planning board can be only partially

of people, gazing at a fine picture, bleak, barren, unadorned, desolate successful.

will forget hate and envy. In proportion as they are united in underDEVIL'S GATE, BY B. F. LARSEN

standing and appreciation they will become brothers and advocates of peace and good will. The early

churchmen understood this truth.

They secured the finest paintings available for altar pieces as aids in both individual and group worship.

Chapels were adorned with pictures and statuary because these helped to visualize worship.

One of my best teachers advised us repeatedly to be careful in accepting new ideas and discarding the old, that we do not throw out the essentials with the waste. During

the process of the Reformation much great art was thrown out. In the

attempt to rid the church of certain evils, men became severe in their condemnations and unwise in some of their actions. We must be reconverted and rededicated to the

idea that art is a desirable aid to worship.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1939

CONFERENCE AT BERNE By Lewis W. Smith By

Cituated at the foot of the majestic FELT* Alp wonderland is the quaint old ALMA ELIZABETH MINEER but my parents were glad they came to city of Berne, fascinating capital of "VKJhen Brigham Young led the PioZion. When the Indians became more

beautiful Switzerland. Berne with its * * neers to Utah and they settled in friendly we moved out of the fort and

narrow overarched sidewalks, its Salt Lake, he felt that all work and took up some land. President Young

unique tileroof houses, and its numerno play would be very discouraging to said that to keep peace with the Indians ous statues, representing the living trathe Saints, so as soon as he could he we should feed them, not fight them. It

built theatres, first the Social Hall and became quite a hardship as they were then the beautiful Salt Lake Theatre. terrible beggars. On one occasion

Here the people would gather for the mother had baked two large loaves of recreation they needed and would enbread, and gone to call on a neighbor joy themselves with plays and dancing. a block away, leaving me alone. A

For their dancing parties a sectional big Indian chief came in and said, "Me floor was laid over the seats of the want bread."I told him, "You one

parquette, making the floor even with loaf and me one."He raised his bow

the stage. President Young loved the and arrow at my face and said, "Me

drama and wanted plays that would two loaves."I was so frightened that

teach culture and refinement, so he I ran out of the house and up to where gathered together a very fine stock my mother was as fast as I could. I

company. know now that he did it to frighten me

When I was fifteen years old I deinto giving him both loaves, for when cided I wanted to go on the stage and we returned there was no bread for become a great star. So sure was I our supper.

that I had talent that I asked for a part In '64 we had plenty of wheat and bushels ten I gleaned plays, of the but they one would THE ROOFS OF BERNE. in

dress. calico my first for MywhichsisterI court lady bought only peasant be a or a let me

to hat straw go with a me for made wise, look stand and around isditions of centuries, among the most to '65 it but summer, dry very a it. weIn was fifty cents a night paid which I was cities in allinteresting Switzerland.

According to one legend the founders which was good pay at that time. They were made happy when the news came

of Berne could not unite themselves in were the happiest years of my girlhood that our beloved President and the the selection of a name for the new life. Apostles were coming down to visit us.

settlement. They finally agreed to When President Young's daughters We so loved our leader that we all

arrange a special hunt and name the attended the theatre they would all sit dressed up in our best and lined the city after the first animal to be shot. on the east side of the dress circle, and streets, waving our handkerchiefs in

This animal was a bear. the strangers who came here to live greeting as he passed by. We had

Today the bear is the emblem of the would sit on the west side of the first built a bowery of evergreens where we city, and is on the coat of arms of the circle and gaze at these beautiful girls held a meeting in the morning. He

canton. Since 1513 bears have been through their opera glasses. Who told asked that all the children should come

maintained at public expense in the me, and how did I know? I peeked up and shake hands with "Brother

now internationallyfamous Bernese through the curtain and saw them. Brigham."When I went up to him, he

bear pits. At only one time have these President Young was a good and an put his hand around me and, kissing

pits been empty. That was in 1798 as indulgent father. He was a great lover me, said: "You are a sweet, beautiful

Napoleon's victorious troops captured of children and would always notice child."I am sure he told the other

the bears and carried them off to Paris. them. He did not think parents should children the same thing.

In spite of modern day trends Berne whip their children to make them mind. After the banquet we went to a meetstill retains its old Renaissance atmosHe said that children had rights as well ing in the meetinghouse, and before

phere and is known as old Berne, city as their parents and that there were dismissing us President Young said:

in bloom, golden gateway to the Alps. other ways to make them understand. "All you brethren who have teams, put

Berne was the setting for the second When I was six years old I came the covers on your wagons and follow general mission conference of the rehere with my parents, who brought me with your families from place to centlyorganized Swiss Mission, which their five other children with them also. place, and I promise you in the name

was held April 8-10 under the direction We walked all the way from Omaha of Israel's God your crops will be of President Thomas E. McKay. This to Salt Lake City, over rough roads, watered."As we left there the rain

conference concluded the first year's through valleys and canyons. When came down in torrents, and I knew

independent existence of the Swiss Miswe came out of Emigration Canyon then, when only a child, that Brigham sion. Formerly Switzerland was only ragged and footsore, I heard my Young was a prophet of God. I have

a small part of the extensive Swissmother say, with tears running down never forgotten that testimony.

German Mission. In January, 1938, her cheeks: "Are we at the end of our My father was a very fine violinist

this large mission was divided and the journey, and is this Zion?"Salt Lake and when we came to Salt Lake he

Germanspeaking districts in Switzerwas then just a small village of fourteen organized the first string orchestra, callland, together with the Vienna district years'growth. With other families we ing it the Andrew Mineer Band. He

in Austria, were united to form the went to live in Mt. Pleasant, Sanpete played dance music for every ward in

SwissAustrian Mission. The followCounty, to help populate the place. the city. When President Heber J.

ing October conditions made the return There was a band of Ute Indians there Grant sees his picture on my wall, he of Vienna district to Germany advisand we had to live in a fort for prosays he never danced to better music able, and Switzerland became a mission tection against their fighting. We lived when he was a young man.

of itself. in a room built against the inside wall I will soon be eightyfour years old

Geographically it is one of the smallsurrounding the fort, where we slept and am thankful that my parents acest missions in the Church, for it comin straw beds on the floor, and had a cepted the Gospel in their faroff land prises only the Alsace region in France, fireplace to cook in. We lived here of Sweden. It has meant everything to

and the Germanspeaking section of this for two years. me and my posterity. I am grateful I

small country in which four nationallyWe left a beautiful home and garwas born of such noble parents and {Concluded on page 435) den in the city of Landskrona, Sweden, glad I am still alive.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1939

REDMESA,

/:.:.:.: dihJamxh Jo COLORADO (A- f#4A '**f* ON THE PLAINS AND MADE WRITTEN

AVAILABLE FOR PUBLICATION IN By CHARLES JOSIE L. Clawson, by Feramorz the "Era"

GRANDNEPHEW OF BRIGHAM YOUNG. 4/t

Redmesa. To many, that

may mean only a wild, for- t gotten place, but to a valiant group of Latterday Saints it means home. Just take your

map and follow Utah's eastern border to the only place in the intersect. states four Union where

S: S8sS#>: ags the top Then trace Mexof New

,.: ico's line, past Shiprock, down

',,..-. to Farmington, then due north

into the Colorado highlands about twenty miles. There you have

9 o'clock p. m. April 20, 1847 Redmesa.

Israel, of Quarters. miles from 95 Pioneer Winter Camp settled a group Redmesa by was

I in Tribulation: should Brother written Partner have dear by you Companion My of pioneers sturdy years 35 some time, the the deal organized be a great to be not and was to but had CampRockwood

repopulation ago and its today to. I did able for written I should but not feel to prepare have moving. Sundaydone On

I laid abed and thought of a great deal I should like to say to you. The Camp is in good mains almost 100 per cent Latterhealth and first rate spirits. They have never felt better in their lives I think. My health day Saint. You feel so at ease

has been very much improved yesterday and today. You mention in your letter that you when you enter their homes and

heard that I laid on the ground the night I left home. I did but do not think it hurt me, find The Improvement Era and

I I I tired in out. completely myself arrived thank a thousand foundbut you camp when other publications. Church Cut

still letters for acts, especially to for kind yourtimes and me, kind for your more more the Church geographaway from

I all for for the children continually heart. of family, kind pray ouryour and and you

ically, surrounded and by towns families that the best think of the blessed one ever Lord with has had anyI do me man on the earth. I do hope the children will be good and mind their mother while I am gone. and people who are not of their

My son Joseph, you must not go away from home; and Brigham also must stay at home. faith, these faithful members read,

How do you suppose I would feel when I come home and find one of my children destroyed study, and observe the instrucby the Indians? I pray this may not be the case. You mention there is a great many tions given in these Church pubcalls for money. I do not want you to pay any of my debts till I come back. I made lications.

all paid. with Brotherarrangements yourselves I wish Whitney to pay make Do you assignment A schoolteaching let folks too. othercomfortable and do so me in Redmesa a few years miles Island. 1847, the about This morning 20 head above of Grand we found May 4th,

have a chance to send letters to Sarpa by some traders; I want to write a long letter but ago during the great drought.

have not the time. We are all pretty well at present though my labor has been very Struggling against great odds to

hard for me on the journey. I pray for you continually. The Pawnees have watched remain upon that high land which

us close and we have watched them but they have got two of our horses, Brothers Richards'cries for water to support well

Little's. I cattle well. stand to shouldand for Elizabeth say wants Our a word Edmond it, till those the majority of who

ishim. sick in spirits. but been has well and Edmond now good wants Green John the are people found nevertheless

that the things for; toCharles bring sent shall thinks he him back. he Conn not Cane go diligently be laboring pawith rest. stop every all to of and Sabbath a blessed have has in us day Lord The We tient fortitude faith. and The I forthings thankful. are which glad are this to not going we you am come on summer

for I want to be with my family when they come this journey. On Saturday last we Church has spent some money

saw buffalo for the first time; they went on a chase after them and got four old ones and building a reservoir to catch the

five calves which has made us plenty of meat. If this letter reaches there before the precious water in the spring, and

next company starts they had better fetch the three cannon that are there. Keep up a President Taylor of Young Stake

tie night,thorough every nights, guard the horses close. cattle the shall keep have We has given attention to the much

to cross Platte the here all feed. is prairie of River account on burnt over on The the irrigation there. problem

side river. the of it.North Pawnees have of ahead The gone us burnt and The is rich land surThe and is betternext I it had river. is company of keep side the on up think the North a good

route for us hereafter. I want the Brethren to. help my family whilst I am gone and not rounded by cedar, pine and thick

oppress them. Joseph and Brigham, be good boys and mind your mother and also sagebrush to prevent erosion by

Caroline and little Johnny and finally all my children and family, be you blest for ever dust storms. The elevation perand ever. mits of the raising of a great vaBrigham Young. riety of produce from hard wheat

to fruits. And where you find

natural resources and a pioneer

-:;'::::::;:,:/: spiritcrop—children.you will findNowhereGod's greatesthave I

seen larger or more wholesome families. does One not hear bad

or see drunkenness, or '< "* 1 t I (t.-**ur <f </*i language

smoking. The of Wisdom Word ** // t ''J*wj* uJthan means more a written code y>>- tic/..,,, - //t to Saints. these

Outstandingly useful,,among Church organizations in this community is the M. I. A. It is a

{ Concluded on page 435 JhL ST. GEORGE

flsmnwnd. BY JUANITA BROOKS

months before the ground was broken, Brigham Young had clearly in mind what the finished building would be. Charles L. Walker gives

evidence of this in his interesting renovated, both insideRecently diary: and out, the St. George TemCONSTRUCTION PICTURE OF THE ORIGINAL I A 15, 1871: This April Saturday, is ple inwitness of renewed OF TEMPLE RAISED TO THE GEORGE THE ST. the prophets. of to the school went Ap. letterm. SQUARE. allterest in of the stakes seven that stating Brother Brigham from read was

which comprise the adjoining temple the time had come that the Saints could build district. Several things have con- a temple to the Most High in St. George. order that the teams might not suffer

the asto thrill pass over joy of seemed Atributed to of mind. The a new state It return journey. took two on the

at the present announceof Elders semblyphysical have, changes without to in bring of days oxen seven yoke It plastered is stone, of built to ment. be

doubt, had an important effect. Eninside and out. The length 190 feet, width one of the large timbers. Under such

tailing a total outlay of over $105,- 142 feet, and 80 feet high, two stories with conditions, and with the primitive hall story, with rooms large in each a'000, interior entire the has been it builders, of the early on equipment in the side, font each a baptismal and over, the floor plans changed,made that they could seems remarkable basement. and George Brigham Brother

.an elevator installed, and the whole A. Smith will be down next October to have finished the building in only

replastered and redecorated, with commence the work and give directions six years. Charles L. Walker gives

the result that all is clean and new concerning its erection. a vivid picture of their activities in

and modern in every detail. The his description of the celebration

outside is fresh with white paint, The people in St. George were still when the walls were up to the

the grounds landscaped to give addvery poor, although the town had square:

Flood, established ten years. been to the buildemphasis beauty anded

drouth, scourge it and cricket fairlying, lumiseems until now had at Marchwork 5,crowding1875: Pleasantthe workday.alongAll handsvery

nous with a new spiritual signifidriven back numbers of the less lively. This afternoon about halfpast four

cance. hardy and less determined, and had the last rock was laid for leveling the walls

timbers, roof the a tremendous amid a for existence for struggle made the enfurthered has This and work the of shout joy from workmen. Many remained. for those severe one planwho the original the of workhanced to congratulations other given were each

ners and builders. For at least seven Nevertheless, John Lyman Smith and joy seemed to pervade every heart and

was able to say in his record: face. The brass band came down and enJOSEPH A. F. EVERETT, PHOTOGRAPHED AS HE livened the ceremony with tunes. The

WAS PAINTING ONE OF THE NEW MURALS FOR For the year ending December 31, 1875. workmen formed into line and headed by

THE ST. GEORGE TEMPLE. Since April 12, we have traveled 3,342 the band marched up town. Brothers

miles, held 161 meetings, and collected over Erastus Snow and McDonald accompanied $15,000.00 and offerings for the temple. them to the square where they were dis-

[The offerings included food, flour, potamissed with loud cheers.

toes, cheese, meat, and other commodities.]

The next day was spent in meeting

Ground was broken on November and social recreation before the men 9, 1871, as the climax of impressive should return to their homes.

ceremonies, and the work began.

The difficulties encountered were Co the work went on until the dedilegion. When the excavation was cation on April 6, 1877. Since

being made, it was found that part that time, six presidents have preof the ground was swampy. Foursided there and the work has been

teen thousand tons of black rock carried on with increasing numbers.

had to be driven into it to form a During the years when it was the solid footing for the massive walls. only temple in the Church, people

There is actually more stone below from all sections went there to be than above ground. married. It was not uncommon for

The timber, one million feet of it, them to make a threeweeks'trip to had to be hauled eighty miles over a have that ceremony rightly performdesert stretch, where it was necesed. People were not able to spend

sary to "take water and cache it in (Concluded on page 435)

NAVAJO LULLABY THE VIGIL MY TULIP

By Ann Buell Stark By Lavenia B. Horsley By Helen Turner

the somber softly the to the Against sleep, beautiful one; come dawn to WATCHED my

wall, GardenGo I stars world are small white sheep The

I tulip a want of the quietly gates unlatch day. the desert across AndThat walk sky

tall. Candle

I still the unfurled, pinions night asleep. with fast are sawWhile you

I'll bulb, plant a the across the of bay. Recede bosom

trick, simple A stars, tired sentinels night, of the hillsdistant night The from blows windThe let the sunshine And their tall tiny the sun. candles out with trees Put pinion growWhere the wick. Light light, the to tiptoe I stand things, the of lonely sings and song The dawnAnd 1 'r breathlessly the call. one. await newborn coyotes owls and AndThe

The dawn, the sun, a new day to be won! MY WORLD

sleep, beautiful one;Go to my By Helena W. Larson will soon growThe moon dim. FLYING BLIND

Dawn Boy will come on swift, light feet friends, to you I introduceAcross the canyon rim. By Kathryn F. Clyde MYMy world. It's very small,

But yet it is so lovely that This morning early through the rain and I do not mind at all mist Its confines. see I can always IN SQUARE TEMPLE

I airplane's cry heard drumming an it, against leaves sky, green The

I raised eyes, but could not see Miller the outJessie Robinson By my to stop that birds sometimes swing And spread wings, And blithely to me twit,

HERE peace so coveted, so lost, is found So dark and gloomy was the leaden sky. "Hello."I see sometimes the wind

templehallowed green Within a and the tender leaves Blow down flimsy craft I blind flying too am My until bird's the nest one shake And fog dense I cannot so Through murky the from of sound, rack fears grieves even and OftA sanctuaryspace,

Away from Mammon's mad and futile race. soar For those who have to buffet it.Now in our hearts is fanned a holy fire, Trying—trying with desperate need to see Within my cheery room

With tapered breath of purple hyacinth, my way I have peace: books, a radio,

And doves are cooing round each Gothic Please, God, I pray, send me a semaphore! A vivid plant in bloom.

spire, A crackling fire burns on my hearth, is o'er scarlet plinth. shawlProtected old walls of greying by A OLD RAG RUG THE

I friends, bed. coming, know you're to Allphin) My (Dedicated Grandmother

bring sunshine even more linger rim; fountain's seagull the near ToWe

In quietude, we watch the water flow By Ida Allphin Bischoff Than usual. You pity me

In rippling charm; and breathe a silent And often mourn my blow.

light to drear. wish burden You my that old rag rug hymn made Grandma

world, though your show me And joy, while lilies float below. TheOf springtime in the a line on summer Hangs now

It's full too, hurry, of worry, shade, time. the part but gay And is love's tranquility a place withHere thing intricate of a hue made many An

is larger oft gray, but sky Your the me. from barricade and world you green, blue. yellow, Orange,To and

is blue meantime, mine Yet I recall of the the memories made one who

I azure curtains For draw in old the shade. rag rug hanging The now

out. shut the darkness To there! colors the hands careworn Such wove KATHLEEN friends, world. Oh, know Do nc t my tell If just here, she us she could where were

grieve Estelle Thomas fabric, color, By Webb strand each each came Each

I can't get about. That from:

friends: radio, the books, Know my is things: like? a thousand she O, red, that an apron gave Ruth The Mom,WHAT fire, all rest. the you, My I the butterblue, a believe, old of Like phosphorescence nightgown. from an The Feel content joy and each day, my 'tis fly's the history wings, of each, would She know

best. fact that knows The God true, iridescence that the founspraysLike from

tains, Each piece of yellow or green or blue. BOOMERANG misty mystery about the brows ofOr the

mountains; It has served its purpose these many years, By Alma A, McHugh

Like the dancing laughter of a brook Been trampled upon and sometimes caught among willows, tears. soul cries out againstOr the deep, translucent hue behind cloud Now, washed and faded, it hangs there to MyThe littleness of times and men:

billows; dry, "The littleness"—God hurls

Like a spray of apple blossom, lovely, Provoking a tear from the passerby; The verdict back to me again.

slender, Recalling fond memories of her who made

White, yet radiant, fragrant tender. The old rag rug that hangs in the shade. PREFACE TO A DIARY

Early morning matings of each happy little By Virginia Scott Miner linnet, that comes which day knows no WHEN tell to that special a note haveAlways more it, in Kathleen's is beloved, held than me, Of bird's the of the breathtaking beautyAnd fragile these which pages Within salute to dawn fingers breeze timid now The the soul's obligato song;Is but to her theme other then Perhaps some woman

and idly on comment May pause April brought her—April phrases.""quaintly fashioned gave her her These

enchanting ways, The magic of her Midas touch lies upon But in her heart she will not care all our days; What year I lived, or by what name.

Essence of all Aprils, as she lightly trips For two things only will she seek along, Or deeply long to know:

There will linger echoed laughter, lilt of What dealings here I had with love song! What knowledge, there, of God!

dihhiaL hundred years ago? It is now a little village, desoTIcuwod late, forgotten, brooding upon its past, hugging its

Tn the spring of 1 839, ragged companies of Lattermemories, the old homes empty or under indifferent day Saints, driven by mobs, outlawed by the care, the temple that lifted its spire and spirit to state, crept wearily over plain and hill, away from high heaven, destroyed. Life has departed from

Missouri to an unknown haven. Nauvoo.

Only a few years before, with songs of joy, they The lesson? Truth is the soul and essence of life.

had gone westward to fit themselves through lives Without truth men live within the empty shells of of purity and industry to meet their Lord, should existence. They who possess and love truth go

He come, in temples that they would build. on their way unafraid, for truth is never defeated.

Now, their ProphetLeader lay in a prison They will at some time, in some clime, taste the dungeon. Abandoned were their prosperous farms sweets of victory. They will be led securely by the

is the God of truth, into happiand comfortable homes. They were outcasts. As God of Israel, who A. W. they moved into the darkness, muddy pools ness on earth and eternal joy hereafter.—J.

splashed upon creaking wagon, tired beast, and StibsJify. QaiL heavyhearted man.

so gladthis of that which had the end Was fNEKJ 1838,hundredto Aprilyears16, 1839)ago (fromthe ProphetNovemberJoseph28, that assertion souls? their bold God dened The

had spoken, in their age, to mortal man, and again Smith, with his brother Hyrum and four other in the jail at set up His Church in its fulness-—this was their companions, was unlawfully confined

offence! Liberty, Missouri.

Poor human eyes! Leading the saddened caraThe jail was noisome, foul, and illsmelling. The

vans was the God of Israel, who "slumbers not nor prisoners slept on the floor or on hewn logs; they

sleeps,"whose care is ever for His people. Joseph were often bound in chains. Their food was unfit

Smith, the Prophet, was in chains, but Brigham for human consumption. Hate possessed the keepYoung, the chief of the Apostles, was free, and ers and jailers. Enemies surrounded the jail.

directed the exodus. The people were not forIt was an intolerable, indescribable condition.

saken. The spirit of the latterday work led them, Liberty Jail! A contradiction of words!

even as a brightly burning torch. Nevertheless, unbelievable as it seems, the brethAnother abiding place was found, on the banks ren, though sorely battered in body, survived the

of the Mississippi. Soon, through faith and toil, ordeal, and found freedom through escape. Their

a city arose there, Nauvoo the beautiful, none survival can be explained only in terms of their greater or lovelier in all Illinois. Thousands of sublime faith. They knew themselves innocent of

converts to the Church came from home and foreign wrong, that they were on their Father's business, lands to swell the population of the city. One after and that their future was in His hands. Faith was

another the things that provide human happiness their protection.

and comfort became available. The fertile land When they were directed to leave the jail to

yielded bountifully. The necessities of life were appear before the court in a neighboring town, their

within reach of all. Music and art, dramatics and hearts quailed. Since the armed mob was waiting

sane recreation relieved the labor of the day. Edufor them, it was proposed to raise a military escort

cation flourished in school and university. On for their protection. To the consternation of his

the hill arose a mighty temple to Almighty God. companions, the Prophet declined the proffer. "We

The visions of heaven were opened; glorious truths must trust in the Lord,"he said. When they apwere revealed to bless the living and the dead. proached the courthouse, the mob rushed upon them

The "order of heaven"guided the people. The city crying, "Kill them,"but were stopped by their own

became the example for Saints living elsewhere. leader, a bitter persecutor. Hate was turned into

The future of the Church had never before seemed good will. It was a magnificent evidence of the

so bright and secure. power of faith.

Again, poor human eyes! The Saints continued Marvelous as it seems, from out of Liberty Jail,

to make their steady claim of divine guidance. a hellhole of persecution and human suffering,

Satan was furious. Envy and jealousy looked upon flowed a stream of revelation of surpassing beauty

the prosperous city. Hate entered the hearts of and worth. (Parts preserved as Sections 121, 122,

men. A mob masquerading as state troops murand 123 of the Doctrine and Covenants.) The

dered the Prophet and the Patriarch. The Saints spirit of the imprisoned prophet was free. Noble

were driven out of the city built with their own thoughts billowed from him upon the shore of huhands. In the bitter cold of winter they crossed man minds. It was as if upon crumbling walls of

the river. Over the plains of Iowa and the deserts hate, a house of love was being built. Listen:

beyond they moved towards another unknown to Letthe thyhouseholdbowels ofalsofaith,be fullandofletcharityvirtue towardsgarnish thyall men,thoughtsand haven. With ox team and handcart, often afoot, unceasingly; then shall thy confidence wax strong in the

all toiled and suffered, and many died on the way. presence of God; and the doctrine of the Priesthood shall

There is no story quite like it in all history. Heavy distil upon thy soul as the dews from heaven. The Holy

were the hearts of the people. Some asked, was unchangingGhost shall scepterbe thy ofconstantrighteousnesscompanion,and truth:and andthy thyscepterdominan

it all a mistake? but the multitude knew that the ion shall be an everlasting dominion, and without comGod of Israel was again leading the farflung pulsory means it shall flow unto thee forever and ever.

caravans. Another home was found, among the Where faith is, the Lord is near. Faith is inmountains, in which the Saints have flourished and vincible. It converts hate into love and darkness

have been blessed beyond measure. into light. By the power of faith, heavenly light

What about Nauvoo the beautiful, founded one broke forth from Liberty /. A. W. Jail.—

to speculations or guesses concerning the cause,Evidences and methods and consequences of the law of evolution.

The law itself has not been challenged. It is so

with every wellestablished, natural phenomenon.reconciliations Inferences are set up to explain observed facts.

Such hypotheses or theories, which are often helpful, become dangerous when confused with thexiv. Jo (Mat fcxisinJL ShoulxL facts themselves. There are now many theories

evolution, all subject to the to normal scrutinyUrn, (bodbdruL &flL vDluiimL of all theories which be subjected; should and until

bsL dccopiojcL? their probability is demonstrated, it is well to remain

wary of them.

The foremost and best known theory of evoluHPhe answer to the above question depends on the tion is that all living things on earth, whether fish, meaning assigned to the word evolution. insect, bird, beast or man, are of the same pedigree.

Among people generally, as well as by a group of All creation, it declares, has come from a common scientists who should know better, the word is used stock, from a cell formed in the distant past. Man

with unpardonable looseness. Especially should and beast have the same ancestry. In support of

the difference between the law of evolution and the this theory numerous wellestablished observations theory or theories of evolution be stressed whenever are presented. These may be grouped into five

the word is used. classes:

In its widest meaning evolution refers to the unFirst, the fossil remains of prehistoric life on ceasing changes within our universe. Nothing is earth show that in the oldest rocks are remains of

static; all things change. Stars explode in space; the simplest forms of life; and as the rocks become

mountains rise and are worn down; men are not younger, more complex or more advanced life

the same today as yesterday. Even the regularities forms seem to appear. The scale of life appears to

of nature, such as the succession of the seasons or ascend from amoeba to man, as the age of the of night and day, cause continuous changes upon particular part of the earth's crust diminishes.

earth. Everywhere, a process of upbuilding or degSecond, each group of living things has much the

radation is in evidence. The face of nature has same bodily organization. In the case of mammals,

been achieved by continuous small and slow deall, including man, have similar skeletons, muscular grees. This has been observed by man from the arrangements, nervous systems, sense organizabeginning, and must be accepted by all thinking tions, etc. In some species the organs are merely

people. Darwin knew it no better than the peoples rudimentary—but they are there.

of antiquity. The law of change, an undeniable Third, the embryos of man and higher animals,

fact of human experience, is the essence of the law in the earlier stages, are identical. This is held to

of evolution. ( See H. F. Osborn, From the Greeks mean that embryonic development summarizes or

to Darwin. recapitulates the stages of man's development

The great champion and amplifier of the doctrine through the ages of the past.

of evolution, the philosopher Herbert Spencer, deFourth, all organic creation may be so grouped, fined the law of evolution by saying, in substance, according to structure and chemical nature, as to that whatever moves from the indefinite to the defishow gradually increasing relationships from the nite, is evolving; while that which moves from the lowest to the highest forms of life. Similarities in

definite to the indefinite, is dissolution or the opblood composition are held to indicate nearness of posite of evolution. Nebulae passing into stars are kinship. The blood of the great apes is very similar

evolving; stars broken down into cosmic dust are to the blood of man.

dissolving. (See Herbert Spencer, First PrinFifth, it has been possible, within historic times, to

ciples.) When simple units are used to build up domesticate many animals, often with real changes

more complex structures we have evolution. When in bodily form, as the various breeds of cattle, sheep

any structure is broken down into constituent eleor dogs. Besides, isolated animals, as on the

ments we have its opposite, dissolution. Evolution islands of the sea, have become unique forms, difin this sense is the same as progression or growth. fering from those on connected continents.

From this point of view the law of evolution, These facts, so claim the proponents of the theory representing eternal change upward, becomes a of evolution, all point to the common origin, and an basic, universal law, by which nature in her many advancing existence, of all animal forms on earth.

moods may in part be explained. Indeed, it has To many minds these observations upon which in

been one of the most useful means of interpreting the main the theory of evolution rests, are sufficient the phenomena of the universe. The first and most proof of the correctness of the theory of evolution.

notable deduction from the law of evolution is that, It is indeed an easy way of explaining the endless in the words of Spencer, "We can no longer convariety of life: All life has grown out of a common

template the visible creation as having a definite root. This ease of explaining the origins and difbeginning or end, or as being isolated."(First ferences among life forms has won much support

Principles. ) That is, existence is eternal. for the theory of evolution. ( See Sir Arthur Keith,

The noisy babble about evolution, often disConcerning Man's Origin, and Darwinism and graceful to both sides, since Darwin wrote the What It Implies; H. H. Newman, Evolution YesOrigin of Species, has been confined almost wholly terday and Today. {Continued on page 444)

PRESIDENT GRANT RECEIVES colonizer of the intermountain west,

ENSIGN STAKE HONOR on the 138th anniversary of his birth.

SCROLL. The state central company of the

A parchment scroll on which Daughters of the Utah Pioneers made had been beautifully inscribed the traditional presentation of the the names of the 1,223 Imwreath. Speakers at the grave were

provement Era subscribers of President Heber J. Grant and E. E.

Ensign Stake was presented to Monson, Secretary of State. The Right

President Heber J. Grant at Rev. Arthur W. Moulton, Episcopal

the recent Ensign Stake Quarbishop of Utah, offered the invocation.

terly Conference. The 1937Grant Young, representing the John

193S scroll honored President Young Family Association, was chairGrant for his forty years of man. At the public reception, living

service to the Era. The scroll children of President Young, Church

itself was the work of Mr. officers, and civic officials were in the

Milton H. Ross. Ann Smith, receiving line. Visitors were conducted

former Ensign Stake Era Diby members of the Young family rector, and Wins low F. Smith, through the three historic structures.

President of Ensign Stake, are pictured with President Grant. PORTAGE, ASHLEY WARDS

DEDICATE NEW CHAPELS the dedicaservices Impressive marked CALLED HEAD JUNE TO CONFERENCENEW 1 the 28, of tion, Sunday, $25,000 May MISSIONHAWAIIAN Fortyfourth Annual Conference HHhe Stake. chapel, Portage Malad Ward publisher editor and oscoe C. Cox, of Assothe Improvement Mutual"D offered the President Grant Heber J. has Enterprise, ciations the of the Thirtyseventh Ephraim Annual and atprayer. program, dedicatory The

been appointed president of the HaConference of the Primary Association tended by 800 people and conducted by waiian Mission to succeed President convened in Salt Lake City on June 9, Bishop John R. Gibbs, included musical

W. Francis Bailey. With his wife, 10, 11 and 12, 1939, for instruction and numbers by the local choir and the SingArmada Bailey Cox, and three children, inspiration in their various fields of ing Mothers, and addresses by Presicomplete For moreLaVaun, Wesley Eugene, and Audrey, activity. A. Samuel informadent Thomas W. Richards,

432. tion see pages and 395 and Hendricks, Hyrum J. Hansen,

Thomas P. John.

SERVICES COMMEMORATE Elder Joseph F. Merrill dedicated the BRIGHAM YOUNG BIRTHDAY new structure of the Ashley Ward,

A wreath placed on his monument, Uintah Stake, at services held Sunday, ** family services conducted at his May 28. Erected largely with local

grave, and a public reception held in labor and resources, the $15,000 chapel the Lion House and Beehive House, replaces one destroyed by fire in 1937.

built by him as office and residence, Alma Preece is bishop; Hyrum E.

paid tribute June 1 to Brigham Young, Seeley was chairman of the building second president of the Church and committee.

W. FRANCIS BAILEY ROSCOE C. COX

President Cox will sail from San Francisco on the Lurline on July 6. His

activities in the Church include a former mission to Hawaii, counselor in the Ephraim North Ward bishopric, and assistant superintendent of the ward Sunday School.

WORK BEGUN ON MISSION HOME ANNEX A class room with a seating capacity MISSIONARIES LEAVINGARRIVED FORMAYTHE29, FIELD1939—DEPARTEDFROM THE SALTJUNE LAKE8, 1939MISSIONARY HOME

of 135 and two men's dormitories Left to right, first row: Joseph R. Hancock, Ilia Behrman, Barbara Rasmussen, Clare Luke, Ellen Evans,

Ferral Mason. D. R. Manning, Sandstrom, William Call, Mrs. Harry Florence Reeder W. Ivy Mrs. Andrus, in thewill included new, twostory be

Afton Irene Rigby, Lee, Charlotte Lueile McGrath, Clarke Baggs, B. Colton, President row: Don Second

to the structurebrick being annexed Wilson. Richard Alvin Call, Soderborg, Garner, Margery Virginia Grunder,

Andrus, Beryl Gardner, Woodfield, Janett Melba Farr, Wood, Dorothy Dale Benson, row: Third Reedrear of

Farnsworth. Joseph Lund, Bayless, Art Ajclia Beulah Andrus,Lake. AthepassageMissionaryon theHomesecondin floorSalt E. Willardsen, Fuller, Pearl Stevens, Stanley Nalder, Leon K. Junior Fletcher, Harvey row: Fourth

Paul Lewis. Dickson, Jack, George A. Nelson Stoneman, Wilhelmina Bushman,will join adMarguerite the present and the home

Tholen, Carol Reynolds, Mabel Larson, Margaret Eyring, Stolworthy, Gale Clement, LeRoy Fifth row: Dean facildition. greatly annex will The B. Farnsworth. Hubner, E. Leavitt, Okey Dean G:orge

itate the work of the intensive training Sixth row: John Robert Cain, Julian W. Rasmussen, Zada Fillmore, Blanch Hanson, Nathan Jones,

period for prospective missionaries at Harry SeventhW. Sandstrom,row: ThomasRobert Hawkins,B. Hellewell.Alvin Harris, Merrill R. Anderson, Nanno Elzinga.

the home. Eighth row: Harold W. Goddard, Charles W. Romney, Jay Skidmore.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1939

CARTHAGE, NAUVOO plow in the groundbreaking cerevisitors, guests of the general committee

SCENES OF OBSERVANCES monies. With lumber and other maand regional executive officers, expressterials contributed, satisfaction stake being delight eviat and the and ed anni100th the/Commemorating

labor, furnishing the in compleof the dence seen members accomplishment of the founding of* versary Nauvoo is tion within of plant, months. tour storehouse, the expected canning two the of martyranniversary the 95thand

cellar, in boiler room, root and and and Smith of the Prophet Josephdom B. Y. U. USED DATA the clothing, exhibits of shoes, food,

jail, athis Carthage brother Hyrum IN SURVEY SOCIOLOGY furniture, articles other and produced scheduled are servicesappropriate of as the part program. press, off just the book The a Tn new Illinois. sites in at both 25 24 andJune is this,"greater than no "There work Education, Higher Dynamics of I. historical A. include anEvents M.

I said feel President Grant, ready "and is of University Provo Brigham Young thefestival Northern by at Nauvoo

I alto willing than and more do have universities principal of twentyone one city, the pageant a Mission; byStates to the see ready sucdone program in States the a used throughout United of and Building memNauvoo;""The ceed."of higher edusociology the study of the atorial services on both Nauvoo

institutions. cational jail, Carthage blocktemple and at the 1939. 30, April Sunday, six of of the parts the work, In two restoracomplete undergonewhich has City Chapel, Third The Cedar Ward is university used the data from Churchtion, Stake, Presdedicated Parowan by was stratification in social relation within to

ST. GEORGE SEMINARYhigher educational institutions, the genident Rudger Clawson.

INSTITUTE DEDICATED eral process of faculty mobility, and the Saturday, May 6, 1939.

institutions. of stability these President Grant addressed Heber graduation with in conjunction"LJeld A. is written Walter by book The L. S. about students 2,000 D. J.Seminary instiof exercises and seminary assistant of sociprofessor Lunden, at the College, Ricks Idaho. Rexburg, services were dedicatory students,tute Pittsburgh. of at University ology

for the 7, $18,000 20 1939. newconducted Sunday, May May

seminaryinstitute building in St. "SEEING IS BELIEVING"AT Alfred Kern was sustained as Bishop

George, which faces the Dixie College. CENTRAL BISHOPS'of the Preston Third Ward, Oneida

President Heber J. Grant performed STOREHOUSE Stake, succeeding Phenoi Edgley.

the addressed and dedicationthe accomhas been what Inspecting 13, 1939 May ocbeen has buildinggraduates. The * in participating a demplished, of and the 125 of members A group with the year pastcupied during programproduced dinner of an onstration the Lesser Priesthood of FranSan students institute and 1 20 ofenrollment Welfare the of leaders cisco Church foods, at the Stake assembled were who

It classpupils. has seminary two222 PresiFirst the including international Program, exposition Golden Gate

offices, reception- a androoms, two Council the of stirring telelong of received members and a dency distance

It attracpresents anlibrary room. of SevFirst Council the the Twelve, phone President message from Heber

exterior.tively landscaped visited recently It partners, their in Salt enty the Lake. and openGrant was J.

MARTIN HARRIS GRAVE the new Central Bishops'Storehouse ing feature of a week's observance of

TO BE BEAUTIFIED in Salt Lake. Each of the one hundred (Continued on page 430)

See article on page 429.

NEW Y. W. M. I. A. BOARD

MEMBER APPOINTED liyi'iss Norma Fairbanks, who has long been active in the M. I. A.

work, having served for the past two familiar fair sight to A the of Emerson presidency theyears in are the and dome has been Y. M. I. A.,Ward W. of portals apvisitorsopen the "Little

pointed to the General Board of the Tabernacle."

Y. W. M. I. A. Miss Fairbanks, who

served on a mission in the Eastern

States, has been appointed to the Adult

Committee of the General Board.

GERMAN NEWSPAPER CARRIES ARTICLE ON CHURCH A fullpage article dealing with Lat- "terday Saint history and education has been published recently in Volkischer Beobachtev, official organ of the

German government. Entitled "In the Inside, every seat is usually

Land of the Mormons,"it was written taken to hear the program of by Alfred C. Rees, president of the organ music, Church hymns,

EastGerman Mission. Special praise and an illustrated lecture on

is given to Dr. Karl G Maeser, native pioneer history.

of Germany, and noted educator in

Utah.

WELFARE CENTER GOING UP IN ST. GEORGE

/Construction began May 6 on a large storehouse to serve as center CHURCH REPRESENTATION AT THE GOLDEN GATE INTERNATIONAL EXPOSITION for the St. George Stake in the Church Salt LakeReceivingTabernacle,a greatofficialdeal ofChurchattentionexhibitat tothebe SanfoundFranciscoin the Homesfair is andthe GardensminiatureBuilding,replicawithof theits

Welfare Program. Members of the accompanying program conducted hy fulltime and local missionaries. A diorama of Temple Square

stake presidency and bishops of the ain basreliefthe Utah panel,State exhibit,"The Glorypaintingsof Godof isNauvooIntelligence,"by Lane Newberryin the Templein the ofIllinoisPeace,StateHall Building,of Religions,and wards comprising the stake pulled the are also directing the eyes of fair visitors to the activities of the Church.

WINNING OREGON lating to members of families throughout the THE WEST CHAMBER (A Study of an Expansionist Movement. world; their maintenance of personal integ- (Translated from the original Chinese by

By Melvin Clay Jacobs. The Caxton rity should be provocative to all men and Henry H. Hart, Stanford University Press,

Printers, Ltd., Caldwell, Idaho. $3.00.) women everywhere to make the most of Palo Alto, California, 1936. 171 pages.

their opportunities. emphasizes book The $3.50.) is interesting illuminating and an an

first the last to the from the of value page IT written. that Dr. has Jacobs book From of work. emphasis This culof should prove student noted Chinese Hart,

it is political piece masterly a viewpoint, a DR. to the worth everyone reads book. for his who ture years, to has added many analysis, of the of study a Amerand why the Junior of Committee The this Young in his instance admirable through fame pioneers to the ican Northwest when went takes General pleasgreat Board Women's of translation plays the of of one famous conthe States England United were and in its this ure selecas recommending book thirliterature, the written during Chinese

is It territory. for that unusually tending an tion for the for Reading Course book Junthe translateenth century. In to addition

carefully volume, wellplanned wrought and iors the throughout the seaduring Church is itself in tion, the achievement, which an fruits careful of research. the with packed son, C. his in 19391940.—M. introduction: J. included author has

interesting in writes very Dr. a Jacobs the of History Chinese Drama,""The "The fur the traders the Misabout and manner PIGS? GUINEA of the WERE "Dramatic Form,"Drama,"Theory WE in 1830's. the to sionary Oregon Movement the class 1938, of (By University High the Audience,"Theater and "The "The influenced great a This movement was by School, State University. Ohio Henry of the Actors,"Conventions "Some

to tribes to desire the Indian various win Holt 1938.) Company, all are of Stage,"exceedChinese which Christianity.

helpful to to ingly wishes read one who entirely prepared stubook was by larger of Dr. book, theme Jacob's The This itself. the play fiftyfive themselves, dents of is political the the history of however, whom

United States during the forties as it inwrote, typed, proofread, made line drawIt is to be hoped that the author will volved Oregon, and the desire of the peoings, and photographed, all to the end that continue to translate such monumental works ple from the Middle West to settle the this book might be available to those who as this, that through his work the almost country west of the Rocky Mountains. are eager to know youth better. Although universally unknown works of the great

The Oregon question was a serious probtheir activities in the school, which they orientals may be brought to occidental minds lem, for both the United States and Engattended six years, settled into the acbecause art is universal and if widely known land had their claims to the Columbia cepted studies, their approach and concluwill help build an understanding which will

River country and sooner or later the quessions are far from the accepted ones. reach beyond race and color into souls of tion had to be brought to an issue. Both—M, C. J. men and make them brothers. M. C. J.

nations had visions of trade with the Orient, its the coast with wonderful Northwest and THE COSIMA YOUNG possibilities natural resources was and Richardson, Handel (Henry W. W. nation. either to millions untold At worth

1938. Norton Company, New York, first secthe of question Oregon was pages. $2.50.) 388

part to interest tional the only western the tide of States, of but with the United forties, setting the in during emigration it FromRichardthe loveWagner,story Missof CosimaRichardsonLiszt andhas became a National problem. James Knox woven a novel of rare beauty and dramatic

actual leader, and he pushed Polk was the the question to a conclusion. Oregon The interest.is historical,Althoughthe insightthe structureinto theof theleadingbook

history of earlyday Oregon is an example characters'lives is purely fictitious. In this

where the plow won out over the trap, book as in her masterpiece, Ultima Thule, as the American farmer redeemed the land, which is a classic, Miss Richardson proves and established the fundamental American her right to the best connotation of the institutions in that territory. title, "novelist."

is supplemented an Oregon Winning by a sermon heard preached From Cosima excellent bibliography, the forms and book girl, she a when was she devery young of the to contribution history valuable a that termined the of a true essence woman's first the half the the of during Northwest life selfsacrifice. should be Since she century.nineteenth Young, Levi Edgar

loved the music, of or cause persons music Political Science, HistoryProfessor and of represented that who cause hencewere University Utah. of

forth objects of devotion. her ALL THIS AND HEAVEN, TOO

(Rachel Field, Macmillan Company, with Handled understanding possible an SISTERSTHREE $2.50.) only trained in to one music as Miss Rich- (Cornelia Spencer, The John Day 1938.

is, is ardson a this volume powerful psychoCity, 1939.Company, York New life 'T'his Actionized true of story the aulogical approach subject that to a long has pages. $2.00.)279 * thor's is great aunt well everyworth intrigued those life. in interested Wagner's

great hear deal a one's reading. about the story centers we around The aWhile /. C.—M. of their to struggle young strangely Frenchwoman and China men of was who

caught for in events the great the resulted in of freedom which masseswin a WICKFORD POINT French people, Revolution.Chinese not hear so as do She to America much came we

about the three sisters who possess the a refugee, as so many immigrants came dur- (John P. Marquand, Little, Brown and

ability to submerge themselves in helping ing the early part of our history. When she Company, Boston, 1939. 458 pages.

the great men of China accomplish more arrived, this country seemed provincial, in- $2.75.)

than they could otherwise do. In this storysecure, but after she had lived here for a

biography, Cornelia Spencer has introtime, she reached the conclusion that AmerTn an ironical vein, the winner of the duced us to the three Soong Sisters: Ailing, ica could bring peace to those who had suf- * Pulitzer Prize for his novel, The Late

Chingling, and Meiling, who married, fered in other lands. In this book, the author George Apley, introduces the foibles of the

respectively, Dr. H. H. Kung, 75th descendintroduces the great men of the time when Brill family in such a manner that we laugh

ant of Confucius; Dr. Sun Yatsen, first the heroine lived: Abraham Lincoln, William at the Brills and then wonder whether we

president of China; and Chiang Kaishek, Cullen Bryant, Fanny Kemble, Edwin too may have some of the characteristics

generalissimo and wartime leader of China Booth, and Cyrus Field, of Atlantic Cable at which the author pokes fun. At times

today. We also learn of the three Soong fame, and brotherin-law of the heroine. the reader may wonder whether a more

brothers who have proved their worth in the Miss Field is one of the most significant of careful culling of the material used might

New China. American authors today and this book upnot have improved the novel, which, howThe intense loyalty of this family should holds the very fine standard which the ever, will be relished by those who like a

be an incentive to citizens of other nations; author has attained in her former books. leisurely unfolding of their novels. M. C. /.

their love of each other should be stimu-—M. C. /. (Continued on page 422)

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1939

The Farmer's Place in the i r% t i,.—-%# *v T

Marketing Program (Concluded from page 387) H E HEYBURN marketing factors: planning production,

cultivating and producing quality products, harvesting, assembling, grading,and standardization; packaging properly SAWMILL PROJECT

in attractive containers; processing,

such as canning and quick freezing, By BISHOP ELMER S. HEINER

transporting, storing, financing, distributing. It requires a business enterprise, Members of the Heyefficiently and effectively managed, to burn Sawmill Comhandle these intricate problems. tomittee,right: readingCharles leftW.

Consumers always want products of Sunaye, Joseph Horn, high quality. In fact, these are the ephDavid Jenks,R. King,BishopJoscommodities of greatest scarcity. ProElmer S. Heiner, Mrs.

duction and handling of them, there- S.LottieBaileyKing,and JosephJames

fore, give the greatest certainty of B. Hellewell. Two

profit both in farming and in marketing. membersfrom thisweremeeting:absent

The enterprise which seeks to guarantee Joseph V. Lee and

success must place the premium on high sen.William B. Christenquality.

Those experienced in the marketing Members of the Heyfirst burn Ward whoof agricultural products lay as a down operabegan timberdefinite rule that rising market, on a in tions the Sawtooth good quality produce advances in price National Forest on very quickly and on a declining market themill ProjectHeyburn on SawAu- it falls slowly. The reverse is true of gust 9, 193S.

poor quality produce, which rises slowly on a rising market and falls rapidly on a declining market.

Opportunities for new enterprises and new activities in agriculture and Heyburn Sawmill marketing are greater today than they Project truck with a have ever been before, and can gain mill.load of Driver,timber forBlainethe

competitive advantages in a number of Jones, with Milton E.

ways: Stoddard, assistant.

1 Make or do something better.

2. Make or do something cheaper.

it 3. distribute Deliver or ecomore it participating, that stove found was inadequate in 1938, May,nomically. sale at the timber ready a had wood When particularly conditions, housing it 4. acceptably. Package more set imup camp. saw was wood A couples, married young among it 5. Fit to nearly people's more of the transportation mediately. The in the prevailing Heyburn were found desires.needs and mill the the to betimber canyon from Stake, comof the a Minidoka Ward 6. greater intelligence or with Serve light for trucks the problem, a came Bailey, S. mittee three, of David Joseph spirit.a better the available not could do were which envisioned King, Lee, R. and V. Joseph year at Last the growers peach job economically. to project be cooperative sawmill a inToquerville, County, Washington chairman D. Moyle, Henry When the operated the Church under by ward cooperativeUtah, organized a marof the General Welfare ComChurch exof principle the Plan on Welfare unitketing equipwith and modern visited Stake mittee, the Minidoka commodities. labor change of and in receiving succeeded remunerment a in conference September, quarterly he this that convinced by were Theyative their for price standardized and directing the brethren the conferred with facilities selfhelp, housing of method lead peaches. wellgraded might This their project discussed with them and greatly in the could improved be ward to followed, otherbe advantage, by problems. little family. cost to but with each areas.producing presof the stake the approval With in possibilities Accordingly, timber this in In live there day which we project council the high the idency and inForest the National Sawtooth were hesitancy partshould the of be no on of the the assistance committee sought vestigated, abundance an was where disposito inproducers cooperate the Committee General Welfare Church to purpose. suitable the found Moretheirtion products, question of nor on

in successful purchasing a and were over, supervisor, pointReid, Thomas set ofthe organization to type be up their suited needs. This to truck new in excellent out condition a sawmill edfor their particular product. handling

There are enlightenment, based on exto be had at a reasonable figure. The procedure brought the project under appointed presidency, the stake who purchased, August and on was details as of ormillperience, to type and

S. Bailey, of 9, Brother a member Joseph 1938, eleven men, eleven and women available leadership toganization the

council, high stake to be stake work children, a truck a the equipped with andin recommunity. any On these and project. the director of left to the mill team, the ward to movelated questions the Agricultural Committee of the Church will serve in an Heyburn and begin operations. Brother The timber camp was closed when

advisory capacity when called upon. Joseph V. Lee, an experienced sawyer, the heavy snows came except for a

Several public agencies in the field are was put in charge on location, and a large number of corral poles that were also willing and anxious to render directing committee of Priesthood and brought in January. The mill operated

needed service. Cooperative marketauxiliary organization representatives, at intervals all winter doing project and

ing is not a panacea for all the agriheaded by Bishop Elmer S. Heiner, custom sawing. Four homes were becultural ills but it offers one effective was formed. gun during the season and will be commeans of stabilizing and strengthening Soon after operations commenced, pleted as circumstances will permit, at

the farmer's income. with a large number of the unemployed (Concluded on page 427)

CONDUCTED BY MARBA C. JOSEPHSONNEIGHBORING WITH LITTLE

CHILDREN and hear their parents doing things of

By Louise C. Hastings this kind, they usually wish to do the same,

it so and a becomes characterbuilding projis getting to lost art 'NJeighboring be a ect without It planning. any has long * life. in city live in a Today few we been to list our custom prepare a every

in rooms some huge apartment house, and of those month think be we would made seldom do our nextdoor we neighbor. know happier hearing little us. by from Our This has effect unfortunate an upon our girls it see to that at least teleor a card

children. life offers Country opportunities is phone message sent to each the one on to in,"little to "drop for things do others; list.

there certain have implied obligations we is "Bobby's aunt getting well, I'm and that are delightful. life in the Community going to It is send tell her cookies. a making card fun for such her to I'm and themsuburbs of cities large offers also of ways glad,"little announced give to the a carrier, to mail some one take boy day. a bag friendly.being But can't live why we who But to traffic do her?"the his you at policeman the corner know mother to asked. and in apartments to something do bring into our "No, but tin does,"for pack a father the Bobby reply, to box quick his to was take children's lives spirit the of ideal an country office and sent he the card. pass and his to around Issued associates. the by Navillage is neighboring where lovely a thing I tional recall Kindergarten a Association. in said mother hearing, who my that keeps the heart glowing? are "Each month to going we remember

in their help Gardens If season. there somebody's birthday."the family As was is to ground no outside, spare inside, then this small, including meant neighbors. Someif isor there inside, sunshine no then perThe Book Rack in times the children several made May May forhaps least at room a small box can be {Continued for baskets 420) from shutins. page Day At Thanksgiving thefound roof. In on case a any basket they expected to their share things goodof THE fresh OF growing SWORD pansies ISLAM bought, be may with less persons fortunate. Christmaspicked the (Rafael children Sabatini, by and shared their with Mifflin Houghton little always doing things meant for othersfriends. If is there Company, room, 1939, "friendship Boston. a 393 paqes. besides It the family. genuine pleasure wasgarden"out of $2.50.) which flowers come and for to them their make valentines own andvegetables, to not be used at to but home in the robust '"Fold style of Sabatini, off to this send distant them relatives and nearby to givenbe is acquaintances, unfailing J- an story of sixteenth acquaintances. century will Genoa tohelp neighboring. fire the. all imagination of girls, boys and Letters are delightful, always even though is let Another, to the children assist in and men women, red is still whose blood the ones receive live in them the who may

stirred tales. adventure by Dealing with next apartment. people obliged are When

SOLITUDE to remain at home the ring of the postman

By Lavonne Langolf is always an event, whether they are five years old or seventyfive. TIPTOE

is idle; Car Kiddy is telephone The another By Alberta Huish of Christensen means conDollies stay asleep; veying greetings. happy I call "Shall Mrs.

is resting; Teddy Bear asleep Nancy's Rice and her wish I a day?"happy once When Blocks in are heap. a squeals, Nobody little heard a child enjoying the was who

An'you mustn't squeaking go art of telephoning her say to mother. How Tears apron; are on my Along heels. on your oftener much this might be done only if we else Nothing to do

She went home with Grandma—realized the joy it would bring. "It's a good thing for babies,"

Often on at New Year's And won't be back 'till two. Day our home said, an'Bud he knows,

friends call up we of all ages and wish them "That people tips have a Happy New Year. When children see On the ends of their toes!"

SPICE TIPS EOT MORE EGGS?/,, Pexiedlhod ifou J\now dieyLL be Qood

fresh Serve pears peeled and When you say: with halved sprinkling a of powdered ginger or with a jigger of gin64 11

ger liqueur... A dash of cinnamon

in is good the whipped cream topMILK WHITE EGGS

... for ping strawberry shortcake.

If you use sponge cake for the base of strawberry shortcake use pow0r>-:

dered mace as the flavoring accent or mix 1/2 tsp. of it in 1 pt. of whipMILK WHITE EGGS

ped cream for topping.... Breakfast berries of any kind are better

grated with some cream if you wish... nutmeg—plus. The French serve honeymoon melon as an hor UTAH POULTRY

d'oeuvre slices with transparent of PRODUCERS or Italian French ham. Fresh ground

is a pepper with must this dish—on CO OP ASSOCIATION

. the melon. grated.. Use nutmeg

on the first fresh sliced peaches and MILK WHITE EGGS will be the dish vary fresh raspadding by used in all M. I. A. Cooking

berry the sauce and nutmeg.

Schools. family rice. try.. loves If your pudding

cooking it with a whole cinnamon stick in lieu of raisins serve it jMWSKili? and

with a garnish of fresh fruit.

<ivv;:::-:>:::v:-.->:-x:

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 193 9

the poetic Don Prospero Adorno and his exploits against both Mohammedan and

Genoese rivals, this novel relates how eventually he won the hand of the woman he loved and the esteem of the rulers whom he desired to serve. M. C. J.

Johnson O'Connor English Vocabulary Builder (Human Engineering Laboratory r 1937. $5.00.)

Tn addition to providing definite resuits obtained from tests made concerning vocabularies among successful business men, this book has included within its covers 1,118 words in progressive stages of difficulty which can be studied and added to one's vocabulary. Since success is something

desirable of attainment, the factors which enter into success need to be isolated and considered. One of these BE SURE ITS G LO B

factors is a large English vocabulary. EMConsequently, this book both stimulates satisfies for desire the and inFor extra delicious, extra nourishing noodle dishes—always insist at least thiscreasing factor of sucone

cess. M. C. J. on GLOBE "Al"NOODLES. They're made in a clean, sunlit plant

and lots of vitaminrich egg yolks go into every package!

Andy and the Lion (James Daugherty, Viking Press, TUNA TEMPTERNew York. $1.50.)

oz. pkg. soup. "Al"1 can medium mushroom GLOBE illustrations inviting to 4 enough TnnY\ NOODLES. water. 2/3 cup vv the attention of all hold young- 1 tuna. can cheese. grated cup V4sters, the 1 old of story "Androeles and chips. small potato bag

the Lion"is given a modern setting.

until noodles in boiling salted tender; water drain blanch. Cook Place andSet in the type first grader can which

in fine welloiled dish. sprinkle noodles chips rather baking potato Crush and

this ease,read with should be book in boiling drain flake. noodles. Rinse Place water; 1/3 over tuna and

a welcome addition to the libraries of noodles and potato chips and sprinkle with half the remaining chips. Addon

those who are eager to teach their chilwater to soup, heat thoroughly and pour over the other ingredients, being sure dren kindness to animals. M, C. J. that it penetrates the mixture. Sprinkle with rest of potato chips and cheese.

Bake in moderate oven (350) about 20 minutes, or until thoroughly heated and cheese is melted.

THE ADVERTISERS NOODLE DATE PUDDING and Where You Will Find 1 4-oz. pkg. GLOBE "Al"fine 2 Tbsp. butter.

Their Messages NOODLES. 1/3 cup sugar.

Arden Milk Company.... 438 2 eggs. V2 tsp. nutmeg.

Beet Sugar Industry 385 1 cup milk. 1/3 cup honey.

Beneficial Life Company..Back Cover

438 3/4 cup chopped dates. Buel Company

Brigham Young University...447 Cook noodles in boiling salted water 15 min., drain and blanch. Blend butter,

Continental Oil 439 sugar, nutmeg and honey, add eggs and beat well, then add milk and noodles.

..391 Corn Products the mixture dish, Put 1/3 with buttered cover baking the in a dates. Repeat V2

Deseret News Press 446 layers, top. having mixture noodle in on and Cover moderate oven bake

Federal Prudential Savings....388 (325) 3540 min.

Globe "Al"Products 423 Hotel Lankershim..390

Intermountain Knit..387

J. I. Case Company 443

KSL Inside Back Cover Landes Tractor 445 L. D. S. Business College. 444

Levi Strauss and Co.389

Mountain Fuel Supply 390 Ogden School of Beauty Culture.,442

Provo School of Beauty Culture..440

Quish School of Beauty Culture..438

Ricks,.438 rorc/i EGO YOLKS* Joel

Royal Bread 441 Salt Lake Milk Prod. Ass'n 390

Shell Oil..Inside Front Cover

Standard Oil 389 Utah Engraving Co. 390

Utah Home Fire Insurance Co 388

Utah Poultry Prod. Ass'n 422

Utah Power and Light 447 Woodbury College 442

CONDUCTED BY THE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH, CHAIRMAN; MELVIN J. BALLARD, JOHN A. WIDTSOE, JOSEPH F. MERRILL, AND SYLVESTER Q. CANNON

QUORUMS IN SUMMER TIME QUORUM ACTION ON

T Tow to maintain the activity of ANTILIQUOR-TOBACCO LIQUOR OPTION

Priesthood during quorums experience in our had an recently question. is a challengingsummer inThe the COLUMN WE150th of Seventy which Quorum

authorities in every stake meet it in dicates what can be accomplished by united or another.some times form At in A SPLENDID EXAMPLE actionI happenof brethrento holdin thethe quorums.dual positions atthe past regrettably solved not it was

Senior of present of and Magrath Mayorin bishop in Stake, the Lost stakes. River a few ad- /"\NE quorums So the Seventies. of the President 150th of Quorum

theirjourned meetings - according sent to suspended to and Elder a report all in Practically settlements our Mormon their activities. Richard R. Lyman, by the stake clerk, Alberta are located in local option districts,

But experience—always a wise says that in his ward of a membership and as a result of this, and not allowingteacher—has not approved of this of 200, not one member under the age beer parlors, bootleggers are active.

course. To adjourn is to lose ground, of 25 uses tea, coffee, tobacco, or At a recent quorum meeting, (which we

to make it necessary to rebuild the liquor. now hold on the third Sunday in the month

conflict other as to not at 2:30 with so anyinterest, etc., the morale, the habits, of reports This that bishop same

raised. the question bootlegger by meeting) wasthe previous reseason. using for the fast offerings card Thus system much the appointthe of meeting upshot was Theconstruction has must be done, he secured work and donations from "good the to four of of committee a on wait ment

timeWethereforeurge thereforeis lost. that all quorums everyfor the familylast twoin months."the ward except one Towntheir assistanceCouncil atandthe cooperationnext meeting,withto offerour

continue their meetings and activities during the summer months. Our program makes this necessary. Activities

of the Welfare Program—and every

that has said a Someonegram—cannotquorum is now participatinggo effectivelyin thisforwardprosatisfied is the customer

without committee, group, and quorum best advertisement. Howmeetings during the summer. This is ever, the liquor business

obvious. never runs ads showing its

There are other factors that make "satisfied"customers.

holding meetings through the summer There's a reason.

very desirable. These meetings are

now almost universally held on Sunday, and Sunday is a day of worship. We

find nowhere any divine authorization for suspension of worship on the Sabbath day, or permission to violate the Rachel Kezerian, Murray stuSchool Seminarysanctity of this day of rest. The susHighdent this and of painter of religiouspension meetings on Sunpicture, comes a famfrom

day would certainly encourage nonre- ily all of whom are talented.

ligious activities and hence would meet She has one sister who does with the Lord's disapproval. art work and costuming for

One of the widespread sins of our the Walt Disney Studios.

day is Sabbath day violation and deseDuring her work as a Semcration. To an extent, unfortunately inary student under the

all too great, this sin is handicapping direction of Frank W. Mcmany of us today in receiving blessings Ghieof variousshe madesubjectsillustrationssuch as

from heaven. No officers or Priesthood the one reproduced here

quorum can profit by yielding in this as well as Church scenes matter to the spirit and practices of the and personalities.

times.

The Sunday Schools do not adjourn for the summer. Experience has convinced Sunday School officers and

teachers that an adjournment for even Of the above illustration Rachel Kezerian writes:

at in religious training of seminary years has School done Murray Three me is singlea definitely detriSunday classes several other in of combined. than kept note books which good more my WeHigh it is tomental the School. only So now

It I this our pictures study.... that advised to through accompanying have was were wefor exceptional or unavoidable circumfit of pictures to phases our work. drawing began many that is a susSchool Sunday text to subjects several discontinue regular our time spend occasions would on we On disease epidemics,pended—contagiousstances to alcohol, for instance, that the us. of studying importance utmost be would Upon

conferences occupying the building, etc. class was divided into several committees of six to eight students with one person in

Brethren, we urge you to continue charge. Each committee would prepare an issue on alcohol—some of which were,

Priesthood meetings and activities durIs it anyone's business whether or not I drink? Is it clever to drink? Is alcohol an enemy

ing the summer months, even though of the athlete? Does alcohol affect the intelligence? Why do people drink alcohol?

conditions may at times and in some And concerning the advertising of liquor—does liquor advertising tell the whole truth?

places reduce the attendance. Satan is Our facts came from reliable sources, and our own reasoning together with common

to of sense liquor that asset without other us proved not kind than doubt an any was us using available everyamong means in physically, destruction use; mentally, morally, a use a menace wanton and was

is us.to this handicap thwart and But it to success. to clever to to believed drink but anything road Those who medicalsociety—aonly another should reason be why we I later his to health. of friends friend his the health drinking part found For some my

diligent and active in promoting the invariably found it easier to show effects rather than tell them. I believe that showing

interests of the work committed to us. the damage of liquor, tobacco, and other harmful drugs is more impressive.

):. a

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1939

police activities in helping town to curb the S. L. D. MISSIONS STAKE REPORT OF THE MONTHLY of the bootlegger.

o[ Council to Apostles the Seventy First Council the Twelve The of Made by The this our next At meeting Town Council April, 1939 the For of Month delegation to offered with met us and

April coMISSIONARY ACTIVITIES April possible police with our operate in any way 1939 without pay, to detect and stop bootlegging. 1 Number of times out doing missionary work 8,053 19387.406

2. - 18,898 16,843 - in missionary work Hours spent indignation righteous of our The quorum

for 4,360 3. first time 7,299 of the entered homes Number is effect the of members having curbing

to 5,910 invitations - this 4. return of Number

evil the corrupts of morals which our youth 5. 5,484 revisits of - - Number and blights the lives of many of our older 6. Number of Gospel conversations - 15,626 13,7494.933

brethren. 7. Number of standard Church works distributed:

United action by quorums in this direcCopies of the Bible Loaned16 Sold15 tion will go a long way in helping to put Copies of the Book of Mormon 164 148 of 17 27 the Doctrine Copies Covenants and it our belongs Church our where and where 18 of 20 the of Great Price - Pearl Copies leaders like to would out see it—standing 598 425 Sold) (Loaned and TOTAL fight in front in the evils. these against - distributed other 349 408 of books 8. Number

14,592 distributed tracts of pamphlets Sincerely, and 9. Number Your Brother,

hall 232 of.'. 15,767247 missionaries held meetings by Number E. Pingree Tanner. 10.11. of cottage 685 meetings 603 held by missionaries Number

12. Number of missionaries who attended cottage and hall meetings 1,928 2,132

13. Number of investigators present at cottage and hall meetings 2,812 2,737

14. Number of baptisms as a result of missionary work:

Moral Education (1)(2) OfOf peoplepeople underover 1515 yearsyears ofof age:age 78

( Concluded from page 398 a.b. BothOthersof underwhose 15parentsyears areof agemembers 3854

TOTAL... 170 151

the service during 329 month 404 in not yet ourselves adjusted haveWe 15. Number of inactive members of the Church brought into activity through stake missionary

stakes of in the 122 127 Church Number ideas, attitudes, morals and to the memissions stake of organized 123 Number chanical civilization which has been 116

MISSIONARIES us. thrust reason upon is one That

102 90 at attempt of any a programwhy 368 eduNumberNumber ofof stakesdistrictsreporting 355 cation in temperance and morals is Elders 263 236 worthy of our serious cooperation. The SeventiesHigh Priests 1,110218 1,337275

newspapers and magazines which reWomen 336 315 fuse to liquor carry advertisements de- 2,189 7l"jm TOTAL praise.serve our are our allies They 658 Number of missionaries making the minimum requirement

in our efforts to train a better generation. NumberNumber ofof missionariesinactive missionariesmaking less than minimum requirement 423773

Our fourth field of activity can be Number not classified 73 nothing less than undertaking to build TOTAL (agrees with total above) 1,927 a new conscience in the next generation.

This generation has been critical, in many ways revolutionary, and has thrown overboard the ideals, standards, and hopes of the past generation. Out Melchizedek Priesthood Outline of Study for July, 1939

of our confusion can come worse conText: Priesthood and Church Welfare.

fusion and lower moral ideals, still, or See also Historical Readings and Supplementary References there can come a greater day with higher moral a. Livestockgrowing

society.operative 1. Increase of income: by planned standardsWe andmusta morebe in cothe LESSONWealth inXIXLand and Water

field with a program of education that (Chapter 19) use of roughage and byproduct will this thinking the of coming mold feeds

I. early communities of deWelfare

soils: 2.generation. of through Improvement

agriculture Historpendent (See on livestock of use manures I difficulties of the aware which am ical reference Readings, No. 1)

b. rotation Crop

II. inare of the Irrigation of organized any on program way scale—of Special IX. adaptation intermountain

institution social ischaracter education. based Morality irrigation to region

a. building of Cooperative and dams religion. religious Allon groups want a. soil Nutrient

canals Historical Readings, (Seetraining in morality. will there But be b. watersheds: yearround Mountain

reference No. 2)differences of of opinion supply as to water conwhat

b. in rotation Water rights—water c. quality of crops Superiorstitutes teaching, moral and where when III. lifeblood the of intermountain Water husbanding God's can X. do in we Whatshall shall taught, morality be and who communities

gift to us the teaching. there be mustdo Yet a. production Food soil a. Preserve

b. settlements, prosome a ground on which opercommon compact Makes b. farm wastes Use

ation possible. of ranges training of builded. cangram moral be c. thrift similar of program Adopt

available IV. land than water MoreI entitled a remember "No,"which poem for citydweller

a. Soils nutrient comparatively in grades. the had That poemwe

b. using limited Obligation of

it thattaught courageous, noble a was water LESSON XX soil only on good Farming and Ranching as a Modething to the to of say some "no"Irrigation controlled croppro- ap- V. makes (Chapter Living of 20) lifepeals brings us. to which That duction possible

may have been indirect moral teaching, VI. Dangers of overirrigation I. The quiet and privacy of the country

but it did help to strengthen my moral a. Waterlogging: invasion of II. A simple but more secure standard

backbone. waterloving plants of living

b. Erosion: loss of valuable top soil a. Assures the necessities of life

In conclusion I want to leave with c. Seepage: alkalization, concentra- b. Alleviates times of stress

you a quotation from Roger Babson VII. Wise,tion ofbeneficialsoil salts. use of irrigation III. Healtha. Countryopportunitiesslums unnecessary

When America's keenest minds are using water a community problem b. Freedom from city menaces

the newspapers, magazines, movies and a. To limit use of water to good land c. A natural asylum of beauty and

radio to entice youth to drink whiskey, b. To avoid overirrigation rest

smoke more cigarettes, and make heroes of c. To gather accurate data as a basis IV. Subduing the earth: a major assigncriminals, these youths should hear the for social legislation ment

other side of the argument from someone. VIII. Making farms more productive (Continued on page 426)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1939

( Continued from page 425 IX. Forest rehabilitation

a. Pioneers tamed the land a. Erosion control b. Farmers today must harness it b. Offseason work on large scale for QUORUM PROJECTS

V. Protection of farms, ranges, and farmers, stockmen, laborers

watersheds from abuse and waste: a X. The intermountain water supply

higher kind of patriotism a. Dependability and guarantee of

of living in early days security IS YOUR QUORUM a. trustees WHAT Farmers as stockmen and

restore can b. management Wise b. of S. suitable DOING? Only land in U. 25%

early security for agriculture be should of every aim quorum HPhe of layer top of 1. Value soil HISTORICAL READINGS required that than to produce 2. more of plant cover Value 1. Circumstances render it impossible of resources so unlimited they not c. Natural assignment them may by

Public the to Works. on with go We extreasury. in their fund a have The with must hand in hand work VI. Man to do, have but enough have we work Stake. set nature in Palmyra has ample been

laborer. the to provisions give not different Priests the of wards High It The VII. of creative activity joy on The the is Public to stop the unpleasant Works, raise 24 of assigned a total to farm were

a. Love of plants and animals and not only because it retards improveacres of wheat and one acre of potatoes.

their guided development ment, but because those who have been The Seventies of the wards were asked that to the look laboring true in the Culture works sense on five peas, total raise of one to acres of a c. in challenge the of life mystery subsistence. their for quarter Many b. A onions, of acre potatoes, acre of one

1. to Questions answered be are without there labored have who Elders carrots. half of acre an and The 2. Thrillbegetting eat; they to anything breadstuff or and beans, of raise three acres to asked were d. of a heredity: knowledge The if as to that get can they think work of corn potatoes, acres of acre one two master key

will get only food. formerly, they The beets. three nine acres of and The life action thoughtful VIII. demands Farm is that been has anything to wonder me raising are thus Melchizedek quorums a. plants of grower and animals The

is not until much. there and now, total But produce. of of acres not a automaton mere a 47J/2

to to get along hand from have b. for leftWe contemplation, Opportunity in point, as the expressed important

meditation mouth in order to conduct matters on the closing statement of the report, is

IX. A closer approach to God the present limited scale, and are obliged as follows: "You will notice that we

until harvest. after operations to stop the to our increased have XXILESSON

It is First of the Presidency the counsel this and Forest Resources onethird.Watershed did about quorums allotmentsWe raising in diligent for to be everyone (Chapter 21) the so that a fund have would quorums

I. Importance of mountain water grain and other products of the soil, that in their treasury this fall."

a. Irrigation we may replenish the granaries and This same thought has been followed

b. sustain to and culinary Drinking purposes storehouse, food have and in MelchizStake: the Sharon "Each

II. of watersheds Function laborers. the Young, Journal (Brigham been has Priesthood edek quorum

a. runoff surface Prevents 7:94.) Discourses of for to project a asked wholly have b. water in underground Holds 2. canals Shall stop making when we in to addition purposes any quorum reservoirs streams,

is finished? in progress the one now to that assignments be them made may III. vegetation of Function

a. Catches water from rain and meltNo, for as soon as that is completed on budget allotments to wards."

ing snow from Big Cottonwood to this city, we This idea of doing a little more than b. Keeps soil porous expect to make a canal on the west side what is required is contained in the

c. Distributes its the water: flood prestorm along take of water Jordan, and report beStake: from Teton "We

vention east the mountains, of base west all as lieve the turn assigned over can we result as destruction IV. Flood of man's is farming the there west land on more still to take the able region to be and of plant cover east. the river side that than of on When of ourselves."care Logan, Carbon, a. floods of 1923 Damage shall is that conaccomplished work we vein. in similar stakes report and Kolob 1. First floods since.Bonneville

times tinue our exertions, until Provo River It was never intended that stake as- 2. Most valuable farmland ruined runs to this city. We intend to bring it signments limit the production of items

b. Floods of 1930 around the point of the mountain to not assigned. Each quorum should be

1. Originated in areas on waterLittle Cottonwood, from that to Big alive to the possibility of starting and

shed overbare made by fire, its lead waters upon and Cottonwood, enterprise carrying some forward new grazing this all to the land canyon from Provo all of regular assignments, independent 2. control natural No is city, in for runs there water more rethe of building for the purpose up Intimate relation of soil to runoff V.

that alone than stream needed be would it in sources getting of the and quorum plant and cover a. Top soil removed by erosion, grazfor that purpose. a position to assist members in need.

ing If we had time we should build sevLet us see to it that we not only do b. Subsoil unproductive, incapable of eral reservoirs to save the waters of that which is asked of us but that we

absorbing water City Creek, each one to contain enough accomplish more, for the blessing and c. Top soil (humus) the vigor of for once irrigating onethird of the city. benefit of our fellow men.

earth: difficult to reeasy to lose, of reservoirs the whole such had If we statecontrast Let us for a moment gain. city this irrigated water with might be received ments from two different VI. Erosion culinary endangers supply

that to then waste. runs Even this now we stakes. stake one comes From the the trouble cause of VII. Removing to intend cease our improvedo not is statement. as this so far "In stake in vigilance a. Eternal of prevention

for part ments, expect that of the we concerned, to aim of produce we 40% fire: the responsibility of campers

b. Control of grazing Weber will be brought to the Hot the commodities listed in the suggestive

c. Abetting of natural processes by Springs, there to meet the waters from budget, which we anticipate will proartificial restoration the south and empty into Jordan. Then vide for the needy people in this stake."

1. Terracing we contemplate that Bear River will It is apparently the thought to take

2. Reseeding be taken out at the gates to irrigate a care of the people in their own stake

VIII. Timber production a factor in waterrich and extensive region on its left without aiding others in the region.

effectiveness shed side also is the other if bank, and upon take good, can care of we a. timber Local not suited to comthe of waters the meet Malad. the but all strong help should own, Weto Thisour exploitation mercial of not the public labors it our end all the know better weak. See much how b. supplies: Nature of mountain

small, scattered and enterprises in this Territory, and is if the following program is followed c. Pioneer use we design performing them as fast as as reported by this stake: "We were

d. Depletion of local supplies today: we can. (Briaham Young, Journal of assigned 1,000 pounds of cheese and an

fire and flood menace Discourses 3:329.) acre of tomatoes. We asked our First

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1939

and Second Quorums of Elders to proCo., was consulted and reacted very stake. The first two series of these

vide 500 pounds of cheese each. Then favorably. The officials of the comradio addresses have been compiled

to the Elders of Ward... pany assured their support, appointed and published in book form.

we assigned onehalf acre of tomatoes, James T. Crawford to work with the The expense of the broadcasts has

and the Melchizedek Priesthood groups quorum, and promised to furnish all been borne by the 139th Quorum of of (two other wards) materials at cost. Through the IndusSeventy and by the people throughout

were assigned onehalf acres of totrial Commission of the state, sufficient the Big Horn Stake who have so genmatoes each. This takes care of our funds were advanced on the deceased erously contributed. Many outside the

regional assignment with onehalf acre man's insurance to carry on the conquorum itself have assisted us and of tomatoes to spare, which we expect struction, and enough signed work we are indeed grateful for the support to use for our stake needs. The Sevpledges were secured in the quorum from the Elders'and High Priests'

enties of the stake were asked to proand from other individuals to do the quorums.

vide 500 pounds of meat for our stake actual building. Three of the auxiliary organizations,

needs. The High Priests... have Eightytwo men, representing all the the Relief Society, the Y. M. M. I. A.,

been assigned 250 bags of potatoes for necessary trades, donated 144.5 eightand the Y. W. M. I. A. have been

stake needs, and the High Priests of hour shifts. Six boys also volunteered represented on these programs.

Ward have been assigned their help. Local business houses all It has been estimated that these

onehalf acre of sweet corn for stake cheerfully collaborated to make the "Church of the Air"programs have needs. We have assigned to the wards completion of the home possible at a reached from 70,000 to 100,000 people

the of having, nearly as posproject as In each Sunday have broadcast. we family. cost to the Augminimum On

sible, to progarden everyone raise a of requests with hundreds to compliance the able family ust 1, 1938, was theirvide themselves with own interested to sent copies out have we in into every modern a home vegemove tables, family see that every and also in listeners Kansas, MonWyoming, costing but and $960. "Words wayhas a cow."tana, of Alberta Idaho, provinces and gratitude fail to the the famexpress

that asus produce Let more than the in of and Saskatchewan Dominion Sis- I feel,"of and the comment was for ily us, a surplussigned to to provide interest expressed Canada. have Many ter parthose while had Matson, whothe fund. quorum literature the message; Gospel much less in in ticipated project the no were

pleased. has been sent out upon request; manyELDERS OF SYRACUSE WARD "It has been a distinct pleasure,"Gospel conversations have ensued; andSHOW RESULTS OF ACTIVITY said Mr. Crawford, "to have had the investigations of Gospel truths origiFor the past year the 5th Quorum of privilege of cooperating with the comnating from these radio messages have

Elders of the Syracuse Ward, North mission and the Seventies'quorum of resulted in one instance in a baptism.

Davis Stake, conducted a varied prothe Tooele Stake in this worthy projIn all we have made about 110 broadgram. It completely handled the proect."And a statement from the comcasts, traveled approximately 22,000

duction and harvesting of three and mission is in part as follows: "It is not miles to make them, made a cash outlay

onehalf acres of tomatoes, all of which going too far to state that we consider for the broadcasts of about $1,000.00,

were turned over to the Welfare prothe part played by the Seventies'orand the individuals taking part have gram. ganization in providing for the needs contributed from $700.00 to $800.00 in

in held annual banquet Their was traveling expenses. of the most of this one good woman

as success,February. a real It was In conclusion to express our wish we along pieces outstanding done of work

affairs with these annual beenhave for enappreciation the support and called to this line been that has ever this group for a number of years past. our attention."couragement of the stake presidencies

Two hundred and fortysix persons and to all who have assisted in any wayattended the banquet in the ward hall. 139TH QUORUM OF SEVENTY and who have taken part during the The quorum has also been especially "CHURCH OF THE AIR"presentation of all of these broadcasts.

active in temple work. During 1938 Cor the past five and onehalf years

it cooperated with the Genealogical the 139th Quorum of Seventy of committee of the ward in temple exthe Big Horn Stake of Zion has sponHeyburn Sawmill Project cursions. One excursion was made sored each year a series of "Church of ( Concluded from page 421

to the Logan Temple, which included the Air"radio broadcasts as a special an estimated value of $2,000.00 each.

twentyone Elders and their wives, and missionary project. The first series The project produced a total insix excursions to the Salt Lake Temple, began Sunday, March 4, 1934. come of $1,390.62, including cash dowith an average of seventeen couples Each broadcast has been given on a nations, labor, sale of lumber and wood.

from the quorum. Sunday, consisting of an address on Thirteen families totaling seventy per43RD QUORUM OF SEVENTY paniedsome Gospelby appropriatetheme and usuallymusicalaccomnum- sons$451.14havein receivedcash, food,the equivalentand clothing;of

OF TOOELE STAKE RENDERS bers, at times including a whole chorus. $600.35 has been paid on the cost and

UNUSUAL SERVICE During the past year's series, tranoperation of the project truck; $101.47

7Vn incident of outstanding quorum scriptions of the famous Tabernacle was paid for timber permits, and * service was recently performed by Choir were given in connection with $237.66 was expended for the sawmill

the 43rd Quorum of Seventy, Tooele, some of the addresses. and supplies. The mill sawed 51,776

Utah. In December, 1937, David B. The broadcasts went out over Radio feet of lumber. Of this amount,

Matson, who had been an active memStation KGHL, Billings, Montana, 15,884 went to participants of the prober of the quorum, was accidentally which is located about 100 miles north ject and 5,129 feet was custom sawing.

killed in a mine explosion at Bauer, of stake headquarters at Lovell, WyoThe committee and participants look

Utah. Prior to his death, he had purming. Every broadcast has necessiforward to much greater accomplishchased a lot and begun construction on tated a 200miles'trip to and from the ments during the coming year. With

a home. He had completed the baseradio station, and in some instances their equipment partly paid for and the

ment, and had moved his family into it. those taking part from remote sections experience of a season behind them,

A committee with Alex A. Gillespie, of the stake have journeyed 300 miles. they hope to establish a permanent

senior president of the quorum, as Each one has borne his own traveling timber camp, enabling the project to chairman, was appointed to see what expenses. operate the year round. This will

could be done to finish the home for The addresses, with but few excepfurnish employment to a larger number the widowed mother and her eight tions, were delivered by members of of men and speed up the building of children. B. G. Sweet, superintenthe quorum and the musical numbers homes in the Heyburn Ward and

dent at the Combine Metalseduction were given by various members of the Minidoka Stake.

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

ChurchWide Celebration of Restoration Anniver- "This is the Place"monument, overlooking the Salt Lake Valley.

sary Featured by Impressive Programs The Franklin Stake program was conducted at Preston with a special

Drom New York Stake to San Frantion of Fielding Ward of Box Elder weretrack participatedmeet, includingin bygamesJosephsuchSmith,as cisco, and in Canada and Mexico, Stake joined in a special pilgrimage to and other events on the Preston High the 109th anniversary of the restoration historic points in Salt Lake Cty. More School campus. During the morning

of the Aaronic Priesthood was celethan one hundred members made the a program was conducted with the brated on May 20 and 21. journey which included a tour of the story of the life of Joseph Smith being

All three members of the Presiding Temple Grounds and Church buildings, the principal feature.

visits to the of graves Brigham Young, the celebraparticipated inBishopric pilgrimage covStake Summit The Kimball, C. K. and Newell Heber Whittion. Presiding RichBishop LeGrand of thirtysix the Piolast miles ered the in the ney, a Lion banquet House. and joined ofards with a group 510 memin Trail, neer Henefer from Weber Priesthood Aaronic Jordan West thebers River from ValSnake Lower is the to Place""This MonuCanyon in visited Salt a City and body Lake in atley celebration impressive Buran Valley. Salt overlooking Lake ment tour, historical also including the made sixley, stakes Idaho, of where members stake former the group Leading was

had assembled following a custom espresident, W. Oriel Stevens, one of the

tablished some years ago. An address best authorities living today on the hisby Bishop Richards, a motion picture tory of the Old Trail. The pilgrimage

party, and an afternoon of sports and followed the trail as originally made by games, were featured. Bishop Marvin the Pioneers, fording the streams and

O. Ashton of the Presiding Bishopric climbing the hills as their pioneer anjoined with more than one thousand cestors did nearly one hundred years

members from the Utah County stakes ago.

at Aspen Grove in Provo Canyon. The Six branches of the Capitol District

program included special services, of the Eastern States Mission, which luncheon, and an outdoor circus. Bishincludes Washington, D. C, journeyed

op Joseph L. Wirthlin joined with the to a camp maintained by the National

Aaronic Priesthood of Lethbridge Park Service in Virginia, thirtysix

Stake in an outdoor program during miles south of Washington. The jourthe day and also attended the Aaronic ney was made by eightyfive members

Priesthood services in the Lethbridge and their leaders, who were entertained

Ward on Sunday evening, May 21st. during a campfire service by Claude

At these services a pleasant surprise C. Cornwall, former field secretary of

was introduced during which Ruel Gilthe Y. M. M. I. A. at Salt Lake City.

christ, president of the ward's Deacon Games and sports occupied the afterQuorum presented Bishop Wirthlin noon, as recommended in the official with the Union Jack, Canada's National celebration program.

Flag. The Thirteenth Ward of Ogden

Phoenix Stake celebrated with nearly Stake conducted its pilgrimage to the one hundred boys and leaders at "SevPRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT WHOSE Stake Camp, where during an inspiring

LONGDISTANCE ADDRESS TELEPHONE Springs,"fortyfive miles northeasten the banks of the Ogden on CELEmeeting "RESTORATION FEATURE OF leadWAS In additionof Phoenix. to ward BRATION."River four boys Deawere ordained

ers, Stake President J. R. Price, and cons. The afternoon program included

five members of the High Council joined visits to the state capitol and other games and contests followed by an outthe pilgrimage. An overnight camp points of interest. door dinner.

with a campfire meal and a faithpro- Woodruff Stake members conducted In the Ninth Ward of Logan in the moting program were features of the a large group to Salt Lake City, where Cache Stake the fast day service was outing. a tour of historic places and an aftermade a testimony meeting for members

Rigby Stake Aaronic Priesthood noon of games and sports in Liberty of the Aaronic Priesthood. The young

journeyed to Craters of the Moon for Park were prominent features of the men were given the entire time of the their celebration. Headed by President program. meeting. Reports indicate that this was

Hyrum T. Moss, the pilgrimage was Liberty Stake conducted a tour of one of the most inspiring and impressive

made to one of the scenic spots of Idahistoric buildings and landmarks in Salt testimony services held in many years.

ho, where Russell K. Harris, a grandson Lake City, including the regular tour Probably the climax to the celebraof Martin Harris, one of the three witmade by tourists through the Temple tion was that held on the Susquehanna

nesses of the Book of Mormon, was Block in Salt Lake City. River, near Oakland, (formerly Harthe principal speaker in the services. Highland Stake, with 404 members mony) Pennsylvania, where Joseph

President P. W. DaBell, Willard participating, followed the Pioneer Trail Smith lived at the time the Aaronic

Adams, and others had directed the over Little Mountain to George WashPriesthood was restored.

arrangements. ington Memorial Park, where a proMembers of New York Stake and

Wells Stake furnished a climax to gram during the afternoon and a campthe Eastern States Mission, with headits celebration by having one hundred fire meeting were held and the story quarters in New York City, visited the twentyfive boys of the Stake Aaronic of the Pioneer Trail was told by site of the Restoration and conducted

Priesthood Chorus supply the music Nicholas G. Morgan. The afternoon sacred services there. The Pilgrimage

for the closing session of the stake conprogram was conducted in Emigration honored particularly Joseph Smith and ference on May 14th. Canyon on the Pioneer Trail, and the Oliver Cowdery, who were engaged in

Practically the entire male populacampfire program in the evening at translation of the Book of Mormon,

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1939

reference the caused to baptismwhen to banks Churchwide Photos of Aaronic Priesthoodthem on the go into the woods of river guidance. the to seek It was Restoration Observance

while that the Aaronic here they were

Priesthood was restored as the necessary step before baptism could be performed by proper authority.

The pilgrimages which were held on

Saturday, May 20th, were followed by special quorum meeting exercises on

Sunday, May 21st, and the conducting of Sacrament services by the Aaronic

Priesthood in practically all of the wards and branches of the Church.

PILGRIMAGES TO GRAVE OF MARTIN HARRIS TO BE ENCOURAGED BY CONSTRUCTION OF AMPHITHEATRE

MARTIN HARRIS

Tn 1932 the Aaronic Priesthood Pilgrimage honoring the Restoration

Anniversary was made to the grave of

Martin Harris, at Clarkston in Cache

Valley, Utah. More than 15,000 members and their leaders visited the grave

at that time. Since then smaller pilgrimages of Priesthood quorums, Seminary classes, and other groups have

averaged nearly three a week, making this shrine one of the most frequently visited in the state outside of Salt Lake

City.

The presence of dust in unsettled weather and lack of facilities for accommodating large crowds have reduced the number of visitors materially.

These conditions are now to be corrected through the cooperation of the people of Clarkston and President

Heber J. Grant and counselors. A

contribution of $2,500 by the First

Presidency will be used to construct an amphitheatre to accommodate pilgrims to this sacred shrine. The city 1. A section of the 10 a. m. meeting in Burley Stake Tabernacle, May 20.

of Clarkston, from the proceeds of a 2. Franklin Stake Aaronic Priesthood at Preston, Idaho.

$17,000 bond issue and an appropria- 3. Aaronic Priesthood Outing of 13th Ward, Ogden Stake. One hundred fifty hoys and girls attended.

tion from government sources of $15,- 4. Aaronic Priesthood on parade, marching from Stake Tabernacle to Burley Theatre, May 20.

500, will beautify the cemetery and ap- 5. Rigby Stake Aaronic Priesthood at "Crater of the Moon"National Monument.

is the Priesthood at "This Place"monument, Aaronic 20, 1939. May Stake 6. Lyman to the amphitheatre. proaches

Lester C. Card. (See story, J. and Aaron Card, C. Card, Eldon 7. Y. Card, Brigham Scouts: Four King being Plans are considered for a secpage 430.)

[Concluded on page 430) S. West Jordan Stake Aaronic Priesthood at Brigham Young's Grave.

the right to represent the Lord in whatever may be your assigned duty. Only by obeUicUudL JsLozhsuA, TlflsHkAaqsL $&l dtipuAt, 1939 diencebe worthyto the representatives.laws of righteousnessKeepcanyouryou

WHOLESOME RECREATION selvesother injuriousfree fromthings.tobacco,"Letintoxicants,virtue garnishand

shall thy then unceasingly; thoughts your the its earliest o recognized place has wholesome the Church days "Prom of the presence strong in confidence wax fact that the in the It has people recognized recreation Church. must the Priesthood doctrine of and the God;

and will have recreation and that if it is not provided under proper auspices, shall distil upon thy soul as the dews from it is likely to be unwholesome and injurious either to body or soul, or both. heaven."

To Latterday Saints, recreation should mean more than mere pleasure God bless and keep you always.

or thrill or sensation. It should be engaged in for a purpose and in a manner By special arrangement with the

strictly in keeping with Gospel teachings. Any form of recreation or telephone company, each of the one

amusement that is not in keeping with the spirit of the Gospel is unwholehundred twentyfive members of the some and should not be indulged in by Latterday Saints. Aaronic Priesthood listened to PresiRecreation which involves games of chance, violation of the Sabbath dent Grant's message through an indiDay, any feature involving even a suggestion of immorality, the violation vidual connection, which is one of the

of the rights or properties of others, abuse of our own bodies through exfeatures of the telephone company's excesses of any kind, or disregard of other Church standards is not wholesome hibit at the Fair. President Stephen H.

and should be avoided. Winter of San Francisco Stake greeted

Members of the Church are being tested today in their attitude toward President Grant at the other end of the proper standards of recreation. Unwholesome forms, some fostered by wire and was in charge of the longcommercial interests, and others involving "fashionable fads,"are leading distance demonstration.

both old standards members, and young, of our from Gospel away some that FOUR CANADIAN DESCENDpractices. Latterday Saints should dangerous be warned and into

amusements of many kinds are being promoted which are entirely out of ANTS OF PRESIDENT BRIGHAM harmony with Latterday Saint ideals. They are proving to be attractive; YOUNG WIN HIGHEST

and because members of other churches whose standards are not the same SCOUT HONORS as ours participate in them, there is a tendency to "follow the crowd"and "pouR great grandsons of President join in. Brigham Young have won the title

Latterday Saint standards and ideals of wholesome recreation differ of King Scout in the Dominion of Canfrom those of most of the world as much as do our religious doctrines. Unada. This very rare distinction to come

guarded and unrestricted recreation has led and will lead to the most to one family has been accorded to the serious of sins and transgressions. Parents, therefore, should safeguard their family of Joseph Card, member of the

children by encouraging them in wholesome recreation in harmony with Alberta Stake High Council and son of the teachings of the Church. Young people should stand up for the the late Aunt Zina Young Card, daughprinciples of truth and righteousness in recreation the same as in other ter of President Young.

activities. Wholesome recreation is clean, beneficial to health, conducive to All four boys have received many

true happiness and in harmony with highest moral standards. It is the only merit badqes and each qualified to bekind that has any place in the lives of true Latterday Saints. come a King Scout, which is equivalent to an Eagle Scout in the United

States. (Continued from page 429) In the light of such modern miracles it is At present, the eldest, Brigham, is ond Aaronic Priesthood Pilgrimage to easy to accept the reality of the glorious presiding over the Geneva Branch of the grave next May. vision given to the Prophet Joseph Smith the Church in Switzerland, while Eldon

and Oliver Cowdery 110 years ago. As is president of the Imperial Valley disPRESIDENT GRANT'S LONG they knelt in the woods to pray a messenger trict of the California Mission. Lester

light, in from of descended a cloud heaven BOYS ADDRESS TODISTANCE is at a student Brigham UniYoung laid his their hands heads upon conferred and FRANCISCO SAN THEAT is finishing versity of Provo, and Aaron the Priesthood. Aaronic Oliver them upon FAIRWORLD'S at school high Cardston. writes: sudden, as a from Cowdery "On delivered by address text the of The visit for to recent a the eternity, Canada the of voice midst the Upon of RePresident Heber J. Grant at Salt Lake deemer spake peace to us, while the veil the Aaronic Priesthood Anniversary

twentyfive memhundredCity parted to one the angel and was down of God came rirthlin celebration, Bishop Joseph L. W the clothed glory the with and delivered anxPriesthood the Aaronic ofbers of of the quartet of King met members

for of the iously looked message, and keys assemwere Stake, Francisco whoSan their for congratulated Scouts them and the of joy! repentance. Gospel What What connectelephone individual atbled splendid achievements. (See photo

... eyes amazement! Our What in Franwonder! Island attions Treasure San 7, 429.) page No. in heard. 'blaze the As beheld—our. follows: is ascisco g *fa glitter yes, the the of day;'of earsmore—above

the telephone its I thank Brethren: then shed which sunbeam MayDear

... nature! liancy face of over the Stephen H. WinPresident company, brilWe The Church Moves On

assistedter, them, listened, gazed, have and all others we we who ( Continued from page 419) this voice of angel admired!glory—'Twas'twas thea from an to speak occasion possiblefor making

to you on this beautiful May morning. message from the Most High. What joy the 110th anniversary of the restoraTruly, we are living in an age of mirfilled our hearts and with what surprise we tion of the Aaronic Priesthood.

acles! Just think, a distance of over 800 must have bowed, when we received under May 14, 1939

his said, as the Priesthood, he hands us, separates Holy hear yetmiles every word you bishop Allan Jr., named was

the in servants, fellow is this 'Upon instantly you spoken. as itas name wonFor my the Zion of HurricaneJ, Stout, North Ward,

I this of confer Messiah, priesthood others equally andderful marachievement and

Stake, T. succeeding Frank JohnPark this shall authority, the remain which the ourvelous, upon render unto Lord we should

council. called son, to the stake high earth, it the that is offer of sons inLevi yet for gratitude,everlasting may who He

spires men of science who seek honestly to an offering unto the Lord in righteousness'."Elmer A. Graff succeeds Ira H.

learn the hidden secrets of the laws governThis same Priesthood is conferred upon Bradshaw, who was named a stake ing the universe. you young men. To each of you is given (Continued on page 4331

ACTIVITIES IN THE families of the island groups. The Te Karere, issued monthly, lessons in

POLYNESIAN MISSIONS work in the Tahitian Mission under the genealogy. The mission is well organ-'

direction is ized. President R. President of Kenneth Matthew Cowley

I, that will unto you Nephi, Behold, show Lists forging Stevens is attention of giving personal to genahead. much all are the of over Lord mercies the tender

those whom he hath chosen, because of their names for temple ordinances are coming ealogical and temple work. Groups

faith, to make them mighty even unto the into our office accompanied by proper make pilgrimages to the temple in power of their deliverance. record sheets. President Stevens Hawaii as fast as they are able and

: prepared. Recently, Elder William A. HThe Book of Mormon shows very writes

plainly how the mercy of God is You can expect more lists (for temple Cole placed in our possession books of him, quite ordinance contain regularly records compiled which from work) by now deliver to in marvelous ways extended

It on. to get has time taken our some family of groups complete between fulfill all the to people, and chosen His established, fundamentally but work we families estimated with 4,000 3,000 and to them. promises made start in are position to a sending now you birth, birth, of of dates other place and divine comthe with In accordance lists of baptisms and endowments. information. are conThese needed of Kingthe this to Gospel carry mand for also plan a devised have They families necting of the of descendants earth, all the of the peoples to dom keeping a perfect record complete and the those boats on which came who Pacific to the sent missionaries our were all of for the temple people done work in arrived Zealand 1350, about and New history the of early in the Islands days of the Tahitian Mission. present the from deMaoris whom gladly thousands the Church. of Many is making Mission The Samoan now it scend. consider valuable a very We a truth. have the accepted Today we effort get organized to pedigree an record, representing of earnest years of 30,000 perhaps membership Church charts records onefamily-group and investigation research. and Polynesian the of five missions in the in mission. family from the every

lists large the records Recently from Tonga, Pacific: Hawaii, Samoa, New office, at are being received our These of the of Mismembership Hawaiian Tahiti. and Zealand, sufficient for temple information and sion for us reached Stake and Oahu their appreciate earth people on No is ordinance to being performed be work checking. returned been have They these than more membership Church taken of therefrom, hundreds names and

is to the temple. organ- a good There has races. Church Polynesian The in to the forwarded temple Hawaii. ization of genealogical committees and blesswonderful to them taken many that reports Gilbert R. President Tingey

}. Bailey President workers, Frank and is of greatest which ings, the among is there a genealogical missionary comthe of E. mission Ralph and Woolley for erected them beautiful temple the mittee instruction organized, well and giving of the are personal Stake Oahu has Elijah spirit of in Hawaii. The in has given been methods approved to attention the with promising work, their faces hearts, filled turned their and also a recordkeeping. of have We results. of the President HaMurphy temple. their sacred hopefully toward list inlines of long royal of Samoa,

is active ardent waiian an and Temple their ancestral of the Hawaii, name chiefs. five lines cluding of leading genealogical worker. Zion, their to them hashome, become

of President the C. Emil TonDunn their deliverance, their of recent of of the meeting place the a Board At

writes: gan Mission of Society Directors the Genealogical the House."of Lord's "mountain

to send I hope some names you by it is being effort of suggestion decided, the at organized was now An the Clifford Brother on Hadley M. May possible assistance of the Council Elder A. to lend Widtsoe every Johnmade full boat; the with he has working been

of select heir to help far to them the people to a Twelve, these common away of pretime secretary in copying and my this for of fulfillment island of the the of the realize groups each enjoy and paring records.

longcherished dream. Their genealogPedigree charts and familygroup Pacific missions, to whom relationship

probfor can ordinance research, record temple work. and be ical, temple, made records into the translated been have

careful this action given thought behind being are was Theblems language. of these have and Tongan Many gratiall that consideration, islands are of theseprayerful some the people and

filled are missionaries the been in and other, to without being obtained. doubt related are eachfying results The the regular onto them now copying

virtually large of one of the templepresident in Hawaii members official has temple record sheets and form being different in family. the call that they aresent for names, There a may out many the that of are informed Church. We unselfish to direct sacred, in unable trace are their who busybe kept will missions of these records hundreds many

existeffort relationships their heirs is being to from earnest anwork, and lists us, to to soon be ready send with call help. ing pedigrees, for this ordithus temple to and answermade for missionRecently, temple work.

facilities for not nances performed. be committees and someGenealogical may aries to sent missionary work do were

after careful are consideration being Accordingly, recordfor research and work little the Island of on Tobutabu. Niua

in all counsel missions in those and with Polynesian haveperfected the who reto people ready honest found They inmissions, of these past presided years over Sources Stake. theand Oahu privileged ceive them, they and were

it the select followto decided records and sought; has are beenformation being six to baptize bless converts eleven and

gift ing these for heirs of as each obtained, and being are commonbooks by visit children. President a made Dunn

in for prequestion: missions are being purchase. Lessonsby Hawaii-—Naisland, this his taking to typewriter with

for pe/a; in native languages, Fonoimoana; andpared Samoa Opapo instruchim. given official permission was He

intion methods proper Zealand for Taapproved and Wi Duncan; New all the records of for government to copy

is hiti given. being has yet one beenof recordkeeping ApMaihea. No births, etc. marriages, deaths, He

It for this for blanks acselected of is thought sheets and forms Tonga.proved for a and two worked weeks made

facilitate are will ordibeing tion greatlyrecord temple temple and work all of records. complete those copy He

to in understandabletranslated the nance Temple, and Hawaiian made work writes islands. in requirethe of the lessen various the people any and not way of the Saints family have Many

of lines of royal inforfor pedigrees correct accuracy and ments The this Tanections island. people with on conWe

pedihiti in collected, relationplaced on been case have every where feel bit that of mation, valuable a very have we gree charts and onefamily-group recrecord which will help a good many of ships can be made to living or dead ords. The lines of royalty are very the families, not only now but for many direct heirs, this should be done. Only

valuable in all Polynesian countries beyears to come. when this is impossible should the

cause they contain helpful informaThe New Zealand Mission is prename of the common heir for that tion to connect the family lines of many paring and printing in the mission paper, locality be used.

CHURCH LEISURETIME subscription campaign, and activity HOLLYWOOD STAKE CHORUS

FORCES CONCLUDE luncheons also featured the first day. SINGS AT S. F. FAIR

JUNE CONFERENCE Outstanding exhibits, demonstrations, and M Men the with As climax to a year of splendid theand GeneraladdressesBoardpreparedmarkedby membersthe departof HTheGleanerHollywoodChorusStakecombined* achievement and as introduction in "Rhapsodians"sang the California 10. to ment sessions conducted on June

yeara full of the promise of new hopes, State Building at the Francisco San general The concluding session emnew plans, the Primary and Mutual phasized the worldwide aspect of the Fair on June 24th. Eighty voices made

Improvement associations, youth and M. I. A. in the consideration of "The up the ensemble, directed by Alexander

leisuretime auxiliaries in the Church, M. I. A. as a Missionary,"and "The Forbes with Bernice Tyler Jamison as

met simultaneously in annual conference M. I. A. in the Missions."See photos, accompanist. The "Rhapsodians"is a

in Salt Lake City for the three days of page 395. chorus under the auspices of the Los

June 9, 10, and 11. An institute for Angeles Department of Recreation and

of the expressions of As typical apofleaders recreation held at summer division. Playgrounds, San Pedro Topreciation for the that conference have I. the extendedLagoon A. program M. gether the the choruses are as known

field, the from come the reproduce we fourth day.a Attended thousands by Chorus. Harbor 24th Los June was

following, as which a handpaint- came all of delegates the country from over fair. at the Angeles Day

and from Canada, the dual convention ed message:

may be characterized as a grand festival warm in spirit and colorful in aspect. PALMYRA PLAYERS RECEIVE

Representing approximately 1 7,000 SPORTSMANSHIP AWARD officers teachers and the who direct of the themselves, players a vote Dyeducational activities recreational and the Palmyra, seven York, Newof children, 110,000 Primary workers in churches entered the Junior Men's withmet General Superintendent May basketball league School Sunday toAnderson relearn of the program for cently the annual sportsmanawarded to witness193940 and demonstration to Latterday ship trophy Saint parof the theme, the "Living and Learning ticipants. The award was made at aGospel."Outstanding features were held in the banquet Presbyterian

dramatized intwo presentations last the church. team, year's The MormonTabernacle play festival at and a Libfirst champions, this half the of wonerty Park.

season's in play high and placed Led by General Superintendent finals. the

George Q. Morris and General President Lucy Grant Cannon, the 44th consecutive M. I. A. June Conference elabREGINA MUTUAL,

orated the theme "Love Thy Neighbor SASKATCHEWAN, CANADA as Thyself."A festival program, "By By Victor Waddoups

Love Serve One Another,"inaugurated 7V PRiLpril 2/tii27th endedended a most successful proceedings. Awarding of Improve- M. I. A. year in the Regina Branch of

ment Era citations to stakes leading the the Saskatchewan District of the North

Tribune Staff Photo.

GENERAL BOARD MEMBERS OF THE YOUNG MEN'S AND YOUNG WOMEN'S MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS AS CONSTITUTED AT THE

JUNE CONFERENCE, 1939.

Front row, left right: to E. Minnie Anderson, Grace Nixon Stewart, Helen S. Williams, Lucy G. Cannon, Verna W. Goddard, Oscar A. Kirkham, Joseph

J. Cannon, Q. George Morris, Dr. Burton K. Farnsworth, H. Pettigrew. Alma

Second row: Angelyn Warnick, Florence B. Pinnock, Ethel S. Anderson, Bertha K. Tingey, Evangeline T. Beesley, W. 0. Robinson, John D. Giles, Dr L A

Stevenson, L. Evans, Richard J. Edwin Nelson. D. E. Hammond,

Third row: Hazel Brockbank, Ciayson, Helena Ann W. Larson, Margaret N. Wells, Erma Roland, Dr. John H. Taylor, Werner Kiepe, M. Elmer Christensen,

Arthur E. Peterson, J. Spencer Cornwall, Stevens. A. Stringam

Fourth row: Kathryn B. Pardoe, Gladys E. Harbertson, Vella H. Wetzel, Aurelia Bennion, Floyed G. Eyre.

Last row: Katie C. Jensen, Lucy T. Andersen, H. Bennett, Emily Waspe, Jensen, Freda Dr. T. Earl Pardoe, lleen Ann Axel A. Dr. Madsen, Philo T.

C. Farnsworth, Dr. Warner, Homer B. Hales, Wayne P. Lloyd, Dr. Wesley L. Daines, Dr. L. Winters, G. Elwood Dr. Frank W. McGhie, George Hanson, H

T. Frank Williams, J. Anderson. Aldon

absent when Members picture was taken: Clarissa Beesley, Grace C. Neslen, Caroline M. Adams, Lucile T. Buehner, Marba C. Josephson, Mark H. Nichols,

Joseph F. Smith, Fairbanks. Norma

Central States Mission. Starting two years

ago with only twentythree members, membership increased this year to fortyfive with twenty being nonmembers of the

Church, eleven of whom have now expressed their desire to enter the Church.

Much of the progress of the Mutual and of the Regina Branch is due to G. Gordon

Whyte, branch president. President Whyte

was baptized 25 years ago in the river

Moose Jaw, the first convert to Mormonism in the province of Saskatchewan, Canada.

He then moved to Regina and for ten years was the only representative of the Church in the city. But, although he was alone

and longed for the friendly handclasp of a brother, he went about planting gospel seeds which now are putting forth fruit abundantly. Opposition to "Mormonism"

was strong, but persecution only made his faith grow stronger and when he became discouraged, he would spend a day on the

Indian Reservation with our Lamanite brethren, who soon learned to love him and the message which he brought. Due to

government restriction these people could not be baptized or organized into a religious group of the Church of Jesus Christ but this did not stop the good work. Through

diligence and patience Elder Whyte was able to gather the genealogy of the forefathers of these people to such an extent he has had temple work done for over six hundred Lamanites.

Fifteen years ago missionaries were sent to aid Elder Whyte. A branch was organized with Elder Whyte as president and he

has served faithfully and well until this time.

At the present time Regina Branch has only fiftyfive members. Approximately

200 have joined the Church from this district, but because of economic conditions here and also the desire of the new Saints to go to organized stakes, they have moved to other places.

The Church Moves On (Continued from page 430) high councilman, as bishop of the Hurricane South Ward, Zion Park Stake.

A. Jay Redd was sustained as first

counselor and Leland W. Redd was

sustained as second counselor in the

San Juan Stake presidency.

Ernest B. Woodward was sustained

as first counselor and Richard E. Millinet was sustained as second counselor

in the Union Stake presidency.

May 17, 1939 Commenting that he had recommended a similar program to his church, the Rev. R. of D. Williamson New

*f!tf-'f i 8 | City, speakerYork Baptist at the Utah

State Convention, praised the Church

Welfare Program. "I like the way

you have taken care of your people Long Beach Ward M. I. A. taken on a regular meeting night.

during the depression,"he said. yearHaileyold,Branchit boastsSundaya membershipSchool, Idaho.of 110.Hailey Branch was organized October 23, 1938. Not yet a

May 21, 1939 JamesLaMar; R.CarlStewartG.; Glen.and his seven sons: Reading left to right, back row: Lewis M.; Milton; Richard;

of J. Earl, bishop's counselor; the R. All Stewart (father). are keepers James Seated: and the direction of Under Elder George

fourth all the hold the sons missions, three Priesthood; have been on Melchizedek of Wisdom;F. Richards of the Council of the isWord four also are school teachers; planning has well Stewart to go. all are educated. Mr. Three

is in at years ago.) present wife daughters, died eighteen one of which Texas. (His theTwelve, following changes were

are 4. missionaries Lake. conference Swiss missionaries Bonneville at the Salt from Stake ineffected in the Young Stake: in 5. held Sevier in Berne—allonStakea missionTabernacle. Banquet M MenGleaner

President Elmer F. Taylor and sec- 6. President Whyte of Regina Branch, Saskatchewan, (see pages 432 and 433.)

ond counselor Ralph William Evans 7. Johnaway Fletcherbefore theRowley,banquetchairman(No. 5)of tookannualplace.M MenGleaner Banquet held in Sevier Stake, who passed

were released. Roy B. Burnham, first Children dressed in traditional costume of Berne, during a performance given during the Swiss

counselor, was appointed stake presi- 9. Palmyraconference.Branch basketball team which won the Sportsmanship trophy.

(Continued on page 434) 10. Missionaries of the Swiss Mission assembled in Berne for the annual conference of all missionaries.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1939

(Continued from page 433) dent, choosing Willard C. Stolworthy

and Elmer Alfonso Taylor as counselors.

The name of Burnham Ward was changed to Kirtland Ward, with Carlos

J. Stolworthy as bishop, succeeding

Willard C. Stolworthy.

Rulon K. Hanson succeeds Paul B.

Palmer as bishop of the Farmington

Ward, New Mexico.

Clarence Slade was named bishop of the Redmesa Ward in the place of

Charles E. Dean.

May 23, 1939 Among the visitors at Temple Square were a party of sixteen Parsis, people of Persian descent, and a courier, all from Bombay, India, who are making a roundthe-world tour. Expressing

delight with American hospitality, the group attended the noon organ recital in the Tabernacle.

EDUCATION DEPARTMENT TO BE HEARD ON CHURCH HOUR "\17ith the conclusion of the series

VV '"The Fulness of Times,"for some time the feature on the Church

Sunday evening hour heard over Radio

Station KSL, the Church Department of

Education will present a number of addresses, to be given by members of the department teaching at local institutes and seminaries. Under the sponsorship of the Church Radio and Publicity

Committee, the programs begin at 9:30

p. m. M.S.T. every Sunday.

TABERNACLE CHOIR TO SING IN SUN VALLEY T Tpon invitation of President William *"-* M. Jeffers of the Union Pacific

Railroad, the Tabernacle Choir will present a concert and broadcast at famed Sun Valley resort in Idaho, on

Saturday and Sunday, July 22 and 23.

Numbers on these programs will commemorate the 92nd anniversary of

Utah's Pioneer Day, July 24.

Pasadena Ward Gold and Green Ball with king, queen, and attendants.

Kolob Stake Gold and Green Ball, with queens and attendants from each ward.

3. Pocatello Stake Gold and Green Ball queen presentation, in which all wards participated.

4. Omaha Branch, Western States Mission, first annual

Gold and Green Ball which was held in the new chapel. 5. Queens and their escorts at the Gold and Green Ball

held in Emery Stake, with seven wards participating.

The Stake Queen was chosen by the use of a score card. The ward scoring highest in achievement

received the honor.

6. Queen and attendants of Gold and Green Ball, Osgood

Ward, North Idaho Falls Stake.

7. Adams Ward, Hollywood Stake, Snow Queen.

S. Queens and escorts of Union Stake in which each ward

was represented.

9. Coronation of the Queen of Gooding Ward at the

Gold and Green Ball, Blaine Stake.

10 Independence Branch Gold and Green Ball, king, queen, and attendants.

11 Queen and attendants, Gold and Green Ball, Evanston,

Wyoming. 12 Queen and attendants of Gold and Green Ball, Pocatello, Idaho.

13 The queen of the Gold and Green Ball and dancers who took part in the M. I. A. dances, held in Dingle

Ward, Mpntpelier Stake.

14. Queen and attendants of the Gold and Green Ball

from Jacksonville, Florida Branch, Southern States

Mission. 1HE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1939

REDMESA, COLORADO Conference at Berne ( Concluded from page 413) men carried them out to make (Concluded from page 412) boon to a group of Saints striving room for what followed. There

recognized languages are spoken. In entertain to as well improve as jazz were no paid no band and

it is significance the no by smallmeans situated place entertainers. a Everyone exwas themselves—to est, for is Switzerland a country of as shows, without to his pected Redmesa share do and each great activity. Church Remarkable halls. all roadhouses, public did talent dance with the the Lord progress has been here during made instructions I. in the the him. gave Era With recre- A. The M. recent years. ago, years Four although farliterature other ation these director and took charge and

it an condition, unusual was there were lagthese are people never sons found husky of the away sageonly four missionaries actively engaged ging Plays, in brush the Church. behind proved themselves efficient

in missionary work. year, This quite in singing the dancing, careof with on brain go games as well as

in contrast to fifty that time, Swiss ful supervision. the brawn. When missionaries in assembled Berne. Since for stakes competition, meet Redthe that night the organization as good of Late the Swiss Mission is represented. well ever mesa several fields people of homenew moved Redmesa have been opened

I recall an M Men's banquet ward, happy and refreshed by and three new branches have been which was held in a log cabin the enjoyment of the evening, I founded. Outstanding as an example

just constructed by Brother Jones, was thankful for the fresh, clean of remarkable growth is Pratteln, one the high school principal, with the atmosphere of the sagebrush of the new branches, which at the time help of the young men of Redabout these people who have of its organization eighteen months ago mesa—and what a banquet, with fought the desert for so long consisted of only eleven members, tohome-cured ham, home raised the bigness of the great outdoors day has a membership of thirtysix.

steaks, homemade pickles, bread, has had its hand in fashioning Missionaries in Switzerland are enand mashed potatoes prepared in their characters. And I was gaged in many forms of proselyting acthe most appetizing manner! Afthankful, too, for the way of life tivities, one being the performance of a

ter all had eaten their fill the that makes them equal to their quartet composed of four talented misladies cleared the tables and the task. sionaries.

THE ST. GEORGE TEMPLE RENEWED

( Concluded from page 414) expenses. Since they represent the on Wednesday, Thursday, and Satstakes, various his influuses each nights. urday Sessions also have in time under ordinancemuch work in ence encouraging excursions from instituted been for afterSaturday conditions.such with But improved his stake, atincreased with own five noons, companies sometimes gocars,roads increased of numbers and result. as tendance a ing through single a on Saturday. it is possible large for companies now interest in the renewed The TemThus, the sessions of number held their leavingto in the come, homes

is at St. ple in George the shown weekly has increased from nine to returning themorning day. and same for sessions demand business when twelve regularly, with occasionally

this, is than But there a more new professional and people more may as fifteen. as many atThe numberenthusiasm brings them. which easily attend. Instead of night one tending each session inalso has

is this forPartly responsible the ensession a week, there three, are now creased, until total the of number of S.couragement President Harold ordinances since performed the renoto activity the the temple ofSnow vation has nearly that doubled of

If well old. as the the orasyoung

six other any months'since period is sin shield againstdinance a an and the built. temple was

it for living,incentive higher should the tourist While imbe may vital earliernot the during be made its pressed luminous by whiteness, in thisyears? mind, President With to the St. of people the disGeorge

fifty called to has persons someSnow trict the temple as stands a monuassist their as workers, ordinance to the ment erected men who it and thirtyfive.average being about age as that evidence hearts the of the

all are people with growingThey children have, in truth, been turned families, finest represent the and

It to is fathers. the a spiritual shrine

of thetype of the younger members from which the whole section draws are allChurch. in moderate They inspiration.

circumstances and work hard to proHAROLD necessitiesvide the of life, but they OF ST. S.GEORGESNOW, PRESIDENTTEMPLE. A GROUPWHO OFCONDUCTST. GEORGEEVENINGTEMPLESESSIONS.WORKERShave the call seriously accepted and

thankfully. Their influence has been

to bring in others in the lower age brackets.

The regular ordinance workers, whose years and experience lend dignity and wisdom, are called'on regular twoyear missions, two couples coming from each of the outlying stakes. During this time, they

devote themselves entirely to the temple work and stand their own

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1939

Things to be Found in waythe world;as to aattractbrilliant,thevivid,attentionhonest,of Throughwouldpatientcome years have hoped the day

Mormon Literature alluring description that will startle WhenMight Zion'sfling theyouth,challengewith flagto theunfurledworld ( Concluded from page 405 and arouse the greatest minds on That here in these sequestered vales by those who love not the truth are earth. The highest, purest thought prevails!

eyes, before very our When lo, us enour legacy thea Savior And for bequeathed by youth—let realize. our dream Today we our literature. to read them followers; for said to all His they courage He

stalwart youths, maidens Oh, ye and oh, it for possible to us Let make them for ofshould be hated His all men fair, it, to access read that they have may sake. toname's ceased be had If we these proforth would venture from ye As

persecuted and hated we might fear; it with the remembrance that only tecting walls,

but the prospect is encouraging."the best is good enough, and that in To strive for place among the ranks of men.

Our literature is an honest saga of reading they may become strong and Remembertaught. the great truths you have been

Mormondom. It is important, it is valiant servants of God, willing and Heed well the still, small voice whene'er it

vital, that we should know and apeager to serve Him. calls;

preciate it. In the words of Emmeline B. Be merciful, be wise, be true, in every word

We are still awaiting the magic Wells: The andyouththought.of Zion must keep ever bright

pen of some inspired genius to write Some who are old today and once were The Gospel armor, and lift high the shining the history of our people in such a young, light.

The Native Blood terwoven with the dearest dreams Peejo was half beside himself with and sweetest fancies of her childapprehension.

(Continued from page 407) hood. The Navajo wrestle is a primitive

her fears; "I can't quit thinking "He's my most precious possescontest of brute force to which its

about these races—there is so much sion,"and then absently as if the most enthusiastic followers had

at stake."thought were too intense to keep it added no worthy improvement from

"I'm worried to death,"Peejo adfrom words, "but the greatest value ancient times. Husteele's son had

mitted frankly, studying her from at stake is not mentioned in the kept that in mind when he had access under his straight brows. contract."to the mat in the Texas school. He

She regarded him with surprised She heard it—she hoped she unrecognized that fitness and trainingdepreciation—it hurt—Begay would derstood, but wouldn't ask. Instead; have huge advantage over fitness in

never make any such damaging ad- "Why don't you tell us how you got the raw, and he had promised himmission. He wished he had not said him and when?"She had asked it a self another meeting with the power-

—sheit, and stillyet consideredshe would havehim ato superknow himdozenlongtimes.after you"Fatherwent huntedaway. Hefor toful Begay,his ownat liking,a time andandplacenot chosenforced

man, the stallion a superhorse. It begs to know how in the world you upon him in a surprise moment

was going to be painfully humiliatcaught him."against his wishes. But it had come;

ing; maybe she would misunderstand "Maybe I'll tell you,"he answerhe had to meet it, and above all

and resent all his sacrifice. She must ed, dark with concern, "but not things he had to be game, as game as

know; if she had to learn it all in now,"and he went on brushing the when he met it before, a boy only

dismay at the race, his cause was black stallion's shining coat. half recovered from a deadly disease.

lost. "A law!"grunted an austere voice, They sprang at each other and

"This man Henderson,"he proand Peejo looked up into the eagleclinched. The shepherdess watched

ceeded resolutely in spite of how eye of Natawney Begay—the same intently as she had watched this

much it cheapened himself in her arched nose, the same handsome same game on the sandhills when eyes, "is famous for his running; I've face with a lip curled in contempt. they herded the sheep; yet now it

heard a lot about him, and I had a Without another word Begay raised was with intense feelings born of sick feeling when I knew he was his hands and hooked his index growth and experience. Each year

here. And Comet is a winner all fingers tightly together, a challenge since then she had looked at the big

up and down the coast."to wrestle. It was a challenge, but hand, disputed in its claim to the

He paused in discouragement; the monster of vindictiveness towsmaller hand, and she had contem-

"We had small hope of winning the ered behind it, tolerating neither replated the boastful life of the mediraces—the Colonel had none. If fusal nor delay. The conquering cine man's stalwart son, and

that had been all there is to win I chief from Texas must reckon with dreamed of Peejo in his enchanted never would have come back."the champion from the Klee betow, faraway.

"And I got you into it—how selfand it must be right now. Begay's muscles played under his

ish of me! Isn't it for me that you The medicine man's son stood brown skin like massive ropes; he

are in this trouble?"and her eyes straight and firm and bulging with had power, speed, endurance. He

searched his with a hungering more eager strength. Peejo's trainer rose employed the pushand-pull trick

persistent than her quick flashes of to object, or to insist on delay, but handed down from his ancestors depreciation."Well—"he hesitated, "it wasn't ganPeejoremovingwaved himhis tojacketsilenceandandshoes.benesshe hadandmasteredforce inspiringit with toa suddenhis own

on the chance of winning the store What he had told Begay at the confidence, and always disconcertor the thousand dollars that I came Yabetchi celebration near Gallup, ing to his adversary. It was just

all this way with the black horse."New Mexico, years before, still what Peejo expected, but it came

"And if we lose the sheep, you stuck with the glue of resolution in with a suddenness and force for lose Blackhorse. Oh how could you the minds of each one of them, but which he was not poised, and Begay

do it?"and she looked with worshipBegay had picked his time with the jerked him violently to the ground.

ful eyes at the beautiful creature, inshepherdess watching, a time when (To be Continued) )) a)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1939

SOME THINGS FOR OUR YOUNG PEOPLE TO REMEMBER the life of affected the the natural not upon blunts have man in so fortune, and doing ( Concluded from page 393 a solitary this has as thereearth one heart, as powerfully chases affections of the and

The next Sunday after speaking at from the love of his fellows, can be said to life.

Vernon I was at Grantsville, the largest be truly successful; but he who so lives that In this pamphlet there is a poem by

shall best love those him him know who I Stephens. musician, our of Zion. beloved Evan in Stake the Tooeleward

only that not most; knows and God, who in form. manuscript fortylike I read talk to this poemtold the I would Lord sentiments his the deeds, inmost also but leader the of the to Stephens I got and speak wasfive minutes, of Evan and up his heart, shall of one such a love him:

outran of ideas in five minutes, and I only—notwithstanding

sweating.was erty—can it be said indeedhe mayand dieof ain truth,povMormonand wrote Tabernaclethe words andChoirmusicforof yearsmany After the meeting I walked out past he should be crowned with the wreath of of the hymns of the Mormon people.

the farthest house in the west part of success. After his death this poem was found by

Grantsville, I am sure nearly three miles, I hold in my hand a little pamphlet his housekeeper, Sarah Daniels, in a and I got down behind a haystack and that I picked up before leaving my office copy of the Psalmody. It is thought

I shed some more tears, but they were entitled "Treasures I Would Share."to be the last poem he wrote. It was in

tears of humiliation. I made a pledge I published 5,000 copies of this little his own handwriting:

distributed 4,950 have and that pamphlet that occasion thereto upon God for all after hast done that Thou What, copies more. ordered have and I odd life in stand again wouldnever my me

in it that things I should are There many feeling the I audience with I before an forup done have have What done—what

to for like the people very young I much just all to standthat Thee? needed was do

up and talk, but that I would get up remember. Above everything else in After thy great and saving sacrifice,

upon all occasions with a desire to say all the world I desire our young people Lord, am I worth so vast and great a price?

something that might be of benefit to to love our Redeemer, our Savior, who How have I served Thee? Have my mind

heart and is life us, for here a marHis and not gave I spoke, and peoplethe to whom their to part? ready perform been Ever said velous thing about Him: pride, as of such the spirit I hadwith praise to and Gladly words Thee Thy

is obscure a born in an Here was man who in Grants- I stoodthat up day when revere, village, child of peasant grew a woman. He I failed ville. never from have most held ever And commandments And Thy

in village. another obscure worked up He until dear? years ago odd day now—fifty until thirty, in carpenter a shop was He I least to these? e'en the of done have What in desire heart have any when my itinerant for years three thenthat—to an and was He I to or ease pain done have some woe What I that except might say orspeaking preacher. book. never wrote a He He in those blessed labor name? Of who Thy lasting that of something beread would office. a held never never an owned He I bitter grief or spared from have Whom listened family. tobenefit those to never never home. had a He He who my shame?

college. foot to put never His went Hevoice. the of the darkness from and gloom Whom city. inside big traveled never a two He all night I never of again and beg one you the miles place hundred from where was He I light? to forth the see blessed brought Have failto in to your The homes have that born. the of did things never any He all after for that hast done What, Thou been has Era. ThereImprovement usually greatness. no had accompany He me all after issue duringissue of the credentials Era Himself. nothing but had He I for Thine have done What done—have it in in to this the except with world naked that publishedthe years do has and Thee?

of divine power manhood. His foundwhich have I'll sacrifice; remember and Thee something—everybeen Thy

still tide the of a man, young While to of value of moreone I lies. all was will in that with serve Thee me them—thatI against him. turned opinion popular His times quite or ten frequently evening than knees and on Morning bendedme my friends of denied ran them Him. away. One I'll rethat seek sweet and Thee come subscription To the cost of the timestwenty turned Another betrayed Him. was He lease it, it It in inspiration for year. a has enemies. to over through His went He sin, errors earthly from worldly and From it is that great in of informationhas trial. the nailed of a mockery was He let in in to ask name Thy And me God I value. very been have wonderfuland cross thieves. the His between upon two to Into there kingdom, dwell with Thee, His

for the executioners piece tributes of only listen the to to gambled indeedhappy Savior ranbought mine and who Thou earth while property had on was it. He He topaid me. somed

coat. that dying, and His was He When I first for the statement wrote a I I lives, that that know know God in laid taken dead and was was down He

limit to requestedvolume. were I is Christ. that the We Jesus Joseph know the pity of through grave borrowed a a

what we wrote to one hundred words. friend. Smith was a prophet of the true and

I wrote something using more than two Nineteen wide centuries have come and living God. May God help each and

hundred words expressing my ideas, gone and today He is the center of the every one of our Mutual Improvement the of the leader race and column human it trim to hadand I and trim it down this to get of Association knowlmembers

I far the progress. within mark when am it it limit, within to get the anddown life Saint, the to live then of edge a and I all that that armies the ever marched, say 1 first in the published volume.was it is in the I ask prayer and humble my all built, that the ever navies and were and

itshall to read you: of Christ our and Jesus Redeemer name all all the sat, that parliaments ever and

Not he who merely succeeds in making the kings that ever reigned, put together, Savior. Amen.

i Crossing whoahaw,le. Buck; whoahaw, Boltopend ofof Buck'sthe whip.head with the metal

( Continued from page 403 The oxen didn't seem to hear. Buck who had been swaying into

dizziness had come upon him as it Louder and louder Eva shouted: a drift let down his legs forcibly,

had before when he had beheld Whoa - haw, Buck; whoa - haw, reared back, jerking his yokemate.

swirling water, and he looked out Bollie.""Whoahaw, whoahaw, Bollie,"

stupidly at what lay ahead of him—Eva took the long rawhide whip came the child's voice again in perthat was what swirling water did from Granddad's inert hands, at the sistent command and the metal clip

to Granddad. same time slipping her own slender scraped Bollie's hind quarters—

The wagon was swaying into a body between his knees which gentle scrape, but Bollie knew its float, the rear end where the load tightened about her. meaning. He strained with Buck

was heaviest dragging bottom. The Could she use the whip as Papa against the current. "Whoahaw,

oxen were going under. Johnnie used it? She would try. whoahaw,"came the persistent

Suddenly a child's voice rang out "Whoahaw, Buck,"she shouted, command. Could they make it?

over the noisy flood: "Whoahaw, and at the same time she flicked the ( Concluded on page 438

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1939

Crossing JL-/VA remembered as she oil "Oil?in thisWherewilderness?"can we gettheyenoughwere

( Concluded [com page 437) lay now in the wagon bed, safe and asking. The question sent them into

of the graygreen from water away Johnnie Cousin rounded Bunker and a study. are lucky after brown "We

felt at the river, she had happy how of had the back the wagon. They all,""not Christensen, spoke Steve

not realized whose voice was shoutthe coming of Johnnie and the men. to be farther away from Pete Hart's

ing directions over the noisy river When they had made the far bank than we are."

water, but they had seen the wagon Johnnie had buttoned her coat snugly "Back over the ford?"spoke one.

swerve to the left. They had felt about her and set her high on the "Yep, and ten miles beyond."

that the animals under the yoke rocky bank. He and all the men This was not a picnic excursion.

suddenly were putting up a good had had to spend the better part of These nearly forty human beings, of fight to return to the ford. Now the day getting the six remaining whom half were little children, were

they heard the young driver's voice wagons across Green River. In this in Indian country, liable to attack at

still in encouragement: "Whoahappy thought of security she fell any time.

haw, Buck; whoahaw, Bollie."Eva into dreamless sleep. But Johnnie McConkie did not

saw the swimmers pause in amazeJulia McConkie had spread her even have to ask for volunteers.

ment. blankets for the night, and now that Here was a task to be done. Little

Eva and the baby were asleep she Eva was in tears over her poor burnstepped down over the wagon wheel ed hands. Eric Jensen and Cousin

into the darkness of outof-doors. Bunker gave one glance and were

Not more than a stone's throw off to find their ponies. Everyone

from the McConkie wagon where in the company had witnessed the slept children a tallow where and ARDEN'S of dangers by day. Now

flared desert swift the as dip black air with night. But no the fordadded—the canvascovered through RED CAP sweptthe said, inconvenient,"one "How wagon the grownups sat in stormy "Can't we do with what we have?"or

conference. They had met to thank or "Our horses are tired. Can't we

God for His kindly intervention in wait until sunup?"

crossing, but River the Green Eric and Bunker were saddling MILFiner Flavor and Quality fallen straightway to blaming had their ponies. weary

for of the the each other dilemma other the Johnnie McConkie and Plant our See New particularly did day. they And at drivers other in the stood wagons So. 1030 Main still silent sat St. blame Granddad, who of the the beginning westbound

and dazed. ford which cut the flood in a new "If we find we must return,"they diagonal—"We'll have fresh horses

decided, "it will never be across this for you on the other side at dayford."break,"promised Johnnie.

BOOK OF MORMON MAPS "Wonder we lost no one this trip,"Into the side wash of the east litho'd Eric. in colors, Large don't catch agreed map "You me of the Cousin stream Bunker bank 40 booklet, descriptions with page I again, swear,"he con50 cts.—never their horses. directed Eric The colors, in four small and maps cluded.

50 cts. up. black—splashed there In that a water—inkyand second sounded Logan, RICKS, Utah JOEL luck,"the spoke from one "Good

scream.it—fire Indians?in JohnnieFire?McConkie'sThat was bank."The Lord take care of you,"

wagon. prayed another.

turned, emptytallow dip had The forgetting horsemen, two The OIL HOT

I fire TREATMENTS its liquid into ing the where bed.* * voKif% for First, nair condition their at your to "the campfire never vows J ** days with treatments Oil HOT slept suddenly she where and Eva *HAIR yourself see then much how try again, River ford the Green

trows. lovelier fire find very her bedto GROW awoke says: I Miss HAIRofTenn., YOUKforBrown, Ann their into farther urging horses were treatnurivII Oil 'After V nsingyourHot L LT t It covat the fellow. woolen lapped it lovelier than hair grows, more my flood. the mentsever Dollj.says before."of was Mae. N.Y at tick erings, into underneath, the is hair glamourous. trnly nowmy in single midstream were They grows*I am happylonger to HairOIL beautiful after use Buel becausemore easy

hair, deposit shipmentHOT fought Only she face her poatape when and own file, in their lead, feeling Eric the treatments.arrives. delighted not guaranteed. back Your$1.25 moneyplus

it 111. 10O Chi. Av., Chi. her with Dept. A-408,if hands. CO.,FullyBUEL W. starlight. the through way

The child was rescued. The fire There was a glad shout from the

wasBE INDEPENDENT But out.oil—? Where was enough weststoodbankhuddledansweredtogetherby theon menthe whoeast Other Vocation So Profitable No

oil for to bathe "They're over,"sweet and care little bank—listening. ENROLL NOW family hands? Eva's pronounced Johnnie. burned Each

For a Complete Course at the searched its stores and found not So youth served one day at Green enough. River ford.

Quish School of Beauty Culture

The Best in the West Bldg., 336340 S. Main, American THE NAUVOO TEMPLE?

CITY, UTAH WHY SALT LAKE Continued [rom page 401 followed by achievement, joy must For Further Information ( or Catalog Call measure of its unfoldment. It is the be the atmosphere of heaven and

Wasatch 7560 or sparkle and glow which betoken the very meaning of eternal bliss.

Fill in This vision and achievement; and since Joy, however, is not a reservoir, Coupon

eternal progress is only another but rather a stream. Conceive, by

name for an endless chain of vision way of comparison, the sap flowing

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1939

Why the Nauvoo butsense"wouldreasoningnot thehavesamethen"commoncarried Valley;then havebutheldwhatthemsocialtogethermatrix wouldin the

Temple? them—after "The Place"—ona fewtowaryCalifornia?glimpsesInat shadscale?face of burningNo mattersands,howlizards,the greatand

in a growing tree. Manufactured deed, would it not have halted them issue be turned over, it must be apunder the influence of the sun, it in scattered colonies before they parent that it was the spiritual comoves from topmost twig to deepest reached the Rocky Mountains? For hesion wrought into their souls by

root, and is presently transformed it would surely have been obvious to the joytravail of templebuilding into fibre, wherever it may be needed the hard heads who opposed the which saved the day for Latterday for the health and sturdiness of the "fanatical"temple project, that here, Zion.

tree. Were the tree, like man, a on both sides of the prairie trail, were Here then we have reason number

conscious being, it would feel the millions of inviting acres superior to five why the Lord required a great exhilarating sweetness of this juice the parched valleys surrounding the sacrifice of the Saints on the very eve as it passes, and sense the added inland sea. of their exodus to the "valleys of

strength in its framework, as it is Physical hardihood these migratthe mountains."

changed into wood. ing Saints would still have had, both The sixth reason may be set down

Joy is like the flowing juices of the from drivings in Missouri and the as the dawning of temple conscioustree. It yields the immediate bliss long trek over the plains—supposing ness which could well be the subject

of sensation while it is moving, and that they still had come to Salt Lake of a separate treatise.

afterward the sense of added power intelligence higherand when eternal fibre of charto thechanges it "MUSIC AND THE SPOKEN WORD"acter. {Continued from page 397) signal direct from the Arlington

Resuming my theme, let me point him at the microphone, rather than Naval Observatory flashes to KSL, out that the foregoing discussion has what he had previously prepared. a red light cues the announcer at the

direct relation to the temple builders Choir Fraternalism microphone in the Tabernacle. Two

tourbefore, the of minutes hundreds the tremulousof During Nauvoo. nine o'clock the rerigor of At ists greeted attend were who they underyears wrought when relents, hearsal the turns Choir and

: it's instructed. 9 M.S.T., 30 and At violence, joy threatdaily of mob itself, its attention fraternal upon air! rethat the music on was The to exclusion of pleasure—thealmost lie interests. its strength Therein night the hearsed and Thursday the been atmosphere havemust attraction. in and are announceThere coastare from heard "spoken word"toiled. lived the they Forwhich and births, of ments budding romances, tocoast beyond: and t>/s-joyinspiration dependent upon marriages; of events, the coming of

ion, the the of great there the crossroads not though Again, from West, was of the personal work welfare comthe presents Tabernacle Choir Columbia the of loomhidden purpose Lord mittee, special committees. There of another organ. Again, Sabbath and on pillar like ofing above Moses'them are anecdotes. reare final There rest the music spoken and reverence, and

fire? And as to achievement, the minders, instructions. But a vital word shape themselves into a fabric of quiet

reflection the joy, invite sense half not of didother pause from they as we part of the broadcast coming and life of hurried beckon your and ways great acpart the smalla of whole the is o'clock service two Sunday the the portals thoughts of within Taberthe of close every atcomplished in Salt City. nacle Square on Lake Temple

if the over—preparation.strenuous day? what And morning, a time When, on Sunday (Continued on 440) page

objective side of that achievement was now doomed to crumble and fall in a tenth of the time it took them to build it up; the subjective side—Get the pluA of OILPLATING

thetegrity—couldinner templeneverof crumblefaith andor fadeinThe exclusive Germ Process gives oil

away. such an intense "power of attraction"

Let the achievement of a deeplythat it holds to cylinder walls, bearings rooted spiritual character under the and piston rings in your engine, as if ministration of joy be counted suffiplated there. Plating on the bumpers,

cient reason number four. for instance, doesn't fry up in the heat,

Let us next try to estimate how fly off at speed, or drain down during much that acquired spiritual strength parking. These same things apply to

was needed in building the new oilplating. So it keeps your engineZion. This can best be realized by

readyoiled for safe starting every time.considering what Brigham Young

it helps you get big plus mileagewould have done with tenthousand And

Saints plumped down in the desert all Summer from your Conoco Germ without the childlike trust in the Processed oil. Good time right now to

Lord which templebuilding under change to your Mileage Merchant. Constress of selfrenunciation had tinental Oil Company.

wrought in their characters.

They might, indeed, have brought finer wagons, superior tools and CONOCO GERM farm equipment, with no dearth ofseed or livestock, had they saved PROCESSED OIL the means that went into the temple;

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1939

say, concluat the could Symphony "MUSIC AND THE SPOKEN WORD"choral sion of the from Wagner's (Continued from page 439) rosch had pioneered the work in "Die Meistersinger"in May of with a series of music sym- 1 chorus, remark- "Remarkable 937: An Anniversary school nationally concerts I broadphony able! Everything told them

When that invitation and its atcast, and coincidental with Mr. remembered accurately. I wishtheywe

tendant wish for "peace, this day and Glade's visit to New York was the had such a chorus in Philadelphia."

are utteredalways,"on Sunday, July commission appointment of a it is by the so: there 600 are some And ten years16, it will day and a be Interior the Secretary of the to study repertoire, in the numbers and new

since the voice of the organ and the educational possibilities of radio. selections are being learned continTabernacle Choir were first heard in The field was ready for programs inually.

a national broadcast. At three trinsically cultural and with an upAltogether there are 97 different

o'clock in the afternoon of Monday, lifting influence. "The air belongs occupations represented in the Choir.

July 15, 1929, the National Broadto the people,"declared David Most numerous are store clerks and casting Company released the initial Sarnoff before the House of Represtenographers; there are doctors and

program on its thirtystation netsentatives. "Its main highways lawyers, business men, mechanics,

work. The Choir continued to be should be maintained for the main housewives, schoolgirls, and grandpresented on various week days travel."It is a matter of history mothers. Many families have built

includingFriday—fromMonday,July, Tuesday,1929, to Sepand firstthat coastto-coastthe Tabernacleconcert,Choir, hassinceconits uptodaya Choirare traditiondescendants: with ofthe earliergroup

tember, 1932. When Radio Station tinued to travel the main highway. members. Within the Choir are 27

KSL, 50,000 watt outlet in Salt Lake married couples, eleven pairs of

City, transferred its affiliation from HPhere is good reason why the Tabsisters, three pairs of brothers and

NBC to the Columbia Broadcasternacle Choir has been admitted sisters, six mothers and daughters, ing System in September, 1932, the to a place among an elect company two fathers and daughters, three faTabernacle Choir program made the of public service programs. It is in thers and sons, and one family has

change of networks with the station its very nature a service institution. five members.

of origination. Since that time it has Members serve without compensaIncluded within the Choir are not

Sunas a weeklyappeared CBS that ladies'the compensation fourpart a complete only tion—except It is today the oldestday feature. in the great music comes with singing chorus, but chorus men's and

continuously presented, communitycongenial company. They devote Choir also sings much music

produced, nationwide sustaining from six to eight hours a week in with eightpart harmony. Hunprogram in the history of American rehearsal and performance in addidreds of ward and stake choirs supradio. That seems to say a great tion to the time spent in traveling to ply a constant stream of trained

deal. and from broadcasts and rehearsals. singers to maintain its high standTen Years Ago Outof-town members have to rise ards. Distinguishing the Choir

It so happens that the program very early during daylight saving broadcast, and consistent with its stepped inside the charmed circle of periods to be on hand Sunday mornpolicy of achieving a unified impresbroadcasting wave lengths at a time ing. Many others walk long dission of worship and reverence, is the

when the radio industry was just betances. There was not a little infact that it has specifically guarded

coming publicservice conscious. In convenience when the broadcasts against the featuring of personalities

the summer of 1929, when Earl J. were on week days, but the Choir and individual artists.

Glade, pioneer broadcaster and exmembers cheerfully managed it, in ecutive vicepresident of Radio Staco-operation with employers equally A Community of Singers tion KSL, conceived the idea of a eager to see the program succeed. A president, at the present time

nationwide Choir broadcast and Many arranged their lunch hour for Lester F. Hewlett, heads the organwent to New York to promote the the period of performance. Altoization of secretaries (one for each

vision with NBC, he realized that gether Choir members spend more of the eight vocal parts ), librarians, scrupulous attention was being paid than $9,600 a year in transportation. a personal welfare committee, and

program material and production by When the Church offered to pay special committees on dress, enleaders in the field. NBC had these costs, members voted not to tertainment, engagements, transbeen organized but three years beaccept the payment. They preferred portation, and activities incidental

fore, and CBS but two. They to serve voluntarily and entirely at to a body of singers who are a

were eager that the mighty voice their own expense. little community in themselves.

which had so rapidly matured in On file is kept a survey of talents, their hands be used for the good of A Unique Organization employment, and pertinent informathe country. In 1928, Walter DamThe Choir's claim to distinction is tion about each member. That

not as the world's greatest singing membership is coveted is indicated organization from a technical point in the perpetual waiting list of over

ATTE1N1> of view. There are groups who in one hundred applicants. Conductor

point of performance challenge such Cornwall keeps an individual voice

Provo School of Beauty Culture a title. Its enduring public acceptrecord of each member and applithe The School Promise Where is Kept ance lies in the uniqueness of its cant. With the advent of radio perProvo, II East 1st No., Utah

A Life's income for a meager investment structure and the prodigality of its formance, a straight voice is requiaccomplishments. Of the 313 regsite. Fill in coupon for further

information or ular and 27 alternate members, only As the representative of a singing

Phone No. 2 four are professional musicians people—a Church which maintains

teachers in local schools. Yet Eu- a general music committee, fosters

gene Ormandy of the Philadelphia song practices in the Sunday School,

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1939 \\MUSIC AND THE SPOKEN WORD"Evans,completeandthe electricalWright workedwiring; Earllike J.madGladeto

did yeoman service; announcer Richard

sponsors institutes and schools of 1936, and in Zion National Park in Evans strove to rewrite the lengthy script, music and countless ward and stake 1937. and at two minutes before the deadline,

choirs,—the andTabernacledelights inChoirmusicboastsfestivalsa In 1936An theEventfulChoir alsoYearappeared waitingblew"go,"outa forfinalandtheplungeddisastersignal fromthetooklodgetheplace:networkintoa semifuseto

superior choral tradition. Before with the Philadelphia Symphony darkness. The electric organ was put out

the present Tabernacle was built, Orchestra under Leopold Stokowski. of service. Quickly organist Frank Asper

voices were lifted to the morning After the climax of the Handel tookelectricianshis placeworkedat thefeverishlypiano, andto repairwhile thethe skies in services held in the old chorus, Mr, Stokowski turned to accident, the program staff stood by. Ad

"bowery"on Temple Square. That say to the audience: "That was libbing much of the time, announcers Evans

took during the microphone and and Glade in 1 849. Long before the dayswas thrilling, wonderful wasn't it? A three the halfhour broadperiods produced broadcasting the Choirof radio was choir!"Broadcasting, concert encasts the of a rehearsed with smoothness

recognized as the oldest and probgagements, sound films, and singing program and with listeners little suspecting ably the bestknown volunteer choir tours kept the Choir exceedingly that the material had been "remade"on in their cars, the spot. Outside lodge,in America. George CareUnder in 1 937. year of the busy That was the

protected possible as under and as muchless, in voices one hundred 1869 the first annual Christmas Massed trees shelter, countless thouand improvised gained almost national reputation. Choir Festival, and of the Memorial sands stood in the rain, listening to the

With the opening, on October 6, Day broadcast from the foot of the service through emergency loudspeakers...

as the it stands1867, of Tabernacle Great White Throne in Zion NaThatfinest broadcastever given!was acclaimed one of the truetoday, the Choir had its betional Park.

ginnings. It has functioned Company An Elect of the living annals the without "pROMinterruption 1870. since Identified with the Choir have

illuactivities, Choir's comes an best orbeen the conductors and It this of of Plenty and minating Hard account lastnamed Work in in ganists the Trained Church. It illustrates venture. zealously like how Institutions, men, grow leading the schools of Europe and its the at times Choir does work and service, thethrough Choir and for America, they prestige have won conditions under what its idleness. Besides noknows

it institution the the to brought and morning, 1937, Day, Sunday Memorial On millions of inestimableaudience on is culture that other at nurtured skies darkened reverberated thunder and air, the visual singsthe Choir to a in the along walls National canyon Zion crossroads. of are There names

ofaudience peothan 200,000 more train Park. the special bringsix a. m. At distinction which will never be foring the at Tabernacle arrived Choir Cedar visitors at including year,ple each

gotten: SteCareless, George Evan torrents in of rain. Girls amid whitethe broadcast morning Sunday phens, and Citydresses, Lund, suits, past con- C. totally in linen Anthony unpremen

service.the two o'clock Sunday for the pared turn in dismaying the weather, organists: ductors; former and as

a times have beenThere on when refuge folded sought under newspapers McClellan, Daynes, Joseph John J. aloft, held magazines and tentshape.single the Choir The performed Sunday

to- P. of Kimball. Edward NamesJ. site for outdoor the day's program was in regular the the broadcast mornon include conductors the sleet under water, day pelting with and among froming, following immediately an on angle, every equipment indoors was moved their assistants P. Richard and Conin the of Air program,Church and to thirty Zion Lodge. only With Camp die, Gates, Cecil B. Albert South- J. left minutes before the time for scheduledsessions confergeneral a of Church Sterling wick, D. Wheelwright, the national broadcast, entire setup an new air the day. throughoutence "The orinto Halliday; motion. put R. was the and Conductor John among Cornwall

is filled with from melody Temple the rearranged music; engineers Pack, ( Concluded on 442 page

Square,"truly writes one listener.

Tours and special concerts have meant additional and arduous preparation. The Choir knows no vacation. It Tastes Its first public appearance outside

Church service was in the form of a concert on the Fourth of July in 1873. That was the beginning of Better!

a magnificent record of achievement. Tours have included appearances at the Chicago World's Fair

of 1893, the Denver Eisteddfod in Good flavor, even texture! These are the

1896, the San Francisco World's

Fair of 1902, the AlaskaYukon Exqualities you expect in bread. Royal

position at Seattle in 1909; in 1911 Bread tastes better—is better—because

a 5,500mile trip through the east to it's made of the finest ingredients, the American Land and Irrigation

Exposition in New York, with a properly baked by experienced bakers personal appearance before Presiin a modern plant.

at the Taftdent William Howard msmi route; the Fresh every day at your grocer's. in 1926 House enWhite = FINEChoir sang in the Hollywood Bowl

in Los Angeles, and more recently ROYAL BAKING CO., Salt Lake & Ogden BreaD

at the Century of Progress Exposi100% HomeOwned George Mueller, President tion at Chicago in 1934, the California Exposition at San Diego in

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1939 "Music and the theBroadcastingdark."SystemWhen chiefa Columbiaengineer A Commemorative Edition

sigreligious with a As a concert discovered that the "was broadcast Spoken Word'nificance controverunbounded by control handled on a "oneby remote {Concluded from page 441 mike"pickup, and on a single line sial thought, the broadcast finds ganists, Tracy Y. Cannon, Alexwith no provision for an emergency, ready reception with all classes. All

lifting the of the acknowledge power amazed. he "That's was imposSchreiner, ander N. Stephens. Wade the doctrine of music and the sound sible!"protested. the he But with for is responsible today The staff

the present stability of the Choir. installation of a completely equipped "spoken word,"for which tens of

listeners of written thousands have in control in the booth Tabernacle trained the to of radio demands Men in. the requests have been So many 1937, distribution of the with and concert they work, and been have

all serof for copies the of or one articulating the microphones among the brought of ranks a up in Church inmonettes have which become an clarity, parts, ingreater have come is call to every whose a call render separable part of the Choir's Sunday eloquence. Moreover, each unselfish, service. farvisioned And timacy, select- a that performance, morning broadcast is tranmorning Sunday service, for their faithfor the and

is ive edition being prepared by scribed. are recordings fulness singer, First of When the each the

L. for publication. Richard Evans to technician, the played back conof the Presidency Church—Presiperiod over of a years Written and ductor, organist, announcer, imand dent Grant, Heber President J. J. for individual programs, the comfor provements themselves suggest Reuben President and Jr.,

will nevertheless ments the have succeeding performances. musiThe David on O. numerClark,McKay—have of a coherence philosophy, sane and cian's itself to ear the adjust to has public private ous occasions exand

to those read with the mind's who conditions peculiar to radio broadpressed high praise and deep gratiwill there to the eye be imparted It is significant casting. exthat the tude.

it cellencies of the broadcast have kept printed word the warmth of how

Abreast of the Times abreast with new developments in was spoken and upon what occasion.

The edition will be more than a The staff work hand in hand with the field.

souvenir. to contribution the a As field the aids the which of science

it literature Public time, Program thoughtful and the of the The invention brings them. and While everything the stand for Morin 1920, Early people with will a few imperceptible to ear, the public from Tabernacle Choir has stood mon receiving sets homemade and earthe standpoint techof broadcasting

its beginning. since of for phones listened in on a program nique, its the program has made

greatest progress during the past phonograph records broadcast over two years. A choir is at best an a crude transmitting apparatus. A Enduring Qualities

unpredictable thing on the air. How voice, speaking into a primitive

to reproduce what is actually being microphone, asked the listeners to And Choir service has from the.sung without destroying the dynamic oblige the broadcaster by informing beginning had character. Ten years

expression is the problem of the him that the signals were coming of singing under laboratory condiradio technician. Yet, for the better through and by commenting on the tions have added precision and an

part of nine years the Tabernacle quality of the reception. The radio increasing refinement to its already

Choir program was monitored "in audience continues to oblige today. distinguished qualities. Radio disTo the Tabernacle Choir program, cipline, if it has meant a loss of the

available not to a few, but to a hunshowmanship and brilliance of the dred or more associated stations of concert hall, has won instead an

Trcun for LEADERSHIP the Columbia Broadcasting System overall excellence of performance.

Your career requires the finest training obtainnetwork, the response has been genBut more than all this, the service able. the largest Woodbury, business training

institution offers scientifically dierous. "A few years ago I traveled rendered by the Tabernacle Choir, in America,

training rected -which enables graduates to start over two thousand miles to hear the in whatever form, will continue to salaries higherat win quicker and advancement. of truth to once, organ Choir a source be lived and and and be Mormon

in Business Courses Administration, Account-

I sit reflected. sigis the enduring That and hear ing, home Secretarial Science, in my own Foreign Trade, Journalnow

ism, Merchandising, SecretariRadio Movie and al, with in Bachelor Degree years. Shorter it every Sunday."That is common nificance of the anniversary in July two

Commercial Courses; also Commercial ten broadcast years of continuous,—-marking The has made

Interior tume Design, Decoration, HomeArt, CosEco- testimony. coastto-coast yearround, found old ones and broadnew friends nomics. who

MormonAthletics,students.Social Activities,SupervisedDeseretstudentClubhomes.for had already heard of the Choir or casting—a program which now goes

filled 1,500 positions'More than annually. Partseen it during one of its tours. into Canada and across the seas.

provided. catalog. time work State course Free

desired.

WOODBURY COLLEGE 1023 UJSLSHIRE BLVD. LOS ANGELESCAUF PURPOSE IN LIFE

{Continued from page 394) with all His other attributes and

Investigators should be able to qualities which make Him a glorifiedENROLL(Commence Later if Desired)NOW differentiate between the actions and exalted being, as He appeared fallible, of in the beginning Smith are mortal to Joseph men, and who $25. Discount Complete of on a dispensation. perfect the the Gospel and Gospel this law of A belief CULTURE IN BEAUTY COURSE

A State Accredited School which they are trying to live. in Jesus Christ as the Son of God,

Some of the principles of the Gosthe Savior of the world, and in the

Ogden School of Beauty Culture pel, the acceptance of which is necesefficacy of His atonement to redeem

Over Egyptian Theatre OGDEN. UTAH sary to man's salvation, are: A bemankind from the effects of the Fall

'Name lief in the existence, personality, and and from individual sins by obedi- - Address City..State power of God, the Eternal Father, ence to the laws and ordinances of

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 193 9

PURPOSE IN LIFE the Gospel. A belief in and acus by the men who preside over us. which we have learned by our study

ceptance of the principle and ordiWhether by my own voice or the voice and by the experiences we have had nance of baptism for the remission of my servants it is the same.—Doctrine and in life. We expect also to have

of sins and the fulfilment of the law; Covenants 138. restored to us the knowledge we had

For for laying the of of hands onand mine own the gift of Ghost. the his mouth.—Doctrineword ye shall receiveand Covenantsas if from beforefaithfulnesscomingto theto end.earth, through Holy A belief 21:5.

in the authority of the Holy PriestWe should live more in the knowlhood in administering the ordinances When we finish our labors here on edge and love of God. More of our

of the Gospel under proper direction. earth we shall have no further need thoughts and energies should be

Repentance is the natural fruit of of accumulated wealth, but we shall given to spiritual things, values faith. If our faith is of the right take with us to the other side that ( Concluded on page 444

kind, we will repent of our sins. Repentance is to have a recognition of

one's sins, a sincere sorrow for sins committed, and a resolute determination to sin no more. Repentance involves the making right all Lifts out beets

wrongs done to others, so far as possible, and the forgiving of others us. Sins have wrongedwho which for FASTER TOPPING of arehave repented been washed

away in baptism.

Then Peter said unto them: Repent and

be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy

Ghost.—Acts 2:38.

Sins not repented of constitute wickedness and rebellion.

And the rebellious shall be pierced with much sorrow, for their iniquities shall be spoken upon the housetops, and their secret acts shall be revealed.—Doctrine and Covenants 1:3.

Sin is a burden to the soul. The

Savior invites all men to come unto

Him by repentance and be relieved of that burden.

Come now and let us reason together, saith the Lord: though your sins be as

scarlet they shall be as white as snow;

though they be red like crimson they shall be as wool.—Isaiah 1:18. THIS

t no is recan accomplished through This you, -?2IS3 Now

>pentance. obediRepentance and it mlonJ do p can foWS better but you areence both hand in hand, and go

made effective for man's salvation through the atonement of Jesus

Christ.

We believe that through the atonement the ground beet work. of Christ all mankind may be saved by ff*?jZ

of to the ordinancesobedience laws and by j easy ott the booklet iW easy the Gospel. ne how yOUy Hor dealer Case first principles that the believe and We cSendpo Let\onr s row first, in faith are:ordinances the of Gospel ca and p size yoU beet how tration, repentance; Christ; the second, Lord Jesus Case p h w. harvest third, Beet for remisthe baptism immersion by to toP.e "Sugar and the seedbed p: sins; the fourth, sion of laying of hands on P-parmg cult.vators from gift for the the of way Holy for Ghost.—Articles Send 4th. Faith, of 3rd and No co-f t T Migat.onccase y Wis.wi to ordinances necessary Other or Racme, branch -es are: salvationman's endowments, 'SUBUl

sealing Brand New T Priesthood, n rr. of husbands and

wives, and of children to parents, Beet eternity covenant. marriage of the

service are to anBooklet Implements! In Church we

swer every call that is made upon 443'.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1939

PURPOSE IN LIFE

Concluded from page 443 to work for the Lord, looking to the "L. D. S. Training Pays!"( which are enduring. We should saving of our fellow men.

"What advantage will further eduthink right and act right, and do The Lord expects every member cation give me?"good. of the Church to be a missionary for

"Will it pay me to attend school We are indebted to God and to Him.

next winter?"man for the products of man's inBehold, I send you out to testify and

ventive genius. God glories in the warn the people, and it becometh every

his to has warn warned been who man greatest of the salvation and man, are questions These being left therefore without are they neighbor; to service in to render our power thousands asked of young their their by sins are upon excuse and own

of and payment to man in God and Covenants 88:21, 22. the heads.—Doctrine people right now. of gratitude debt them owe to See also Ezekiel 3:17. we

is to assist the Lord in the saving of Such is the nature of the commissouls. The Church is organized sion given to us as members of the

What's the Answer? accomplishthat we mightthe workin an andorderlypurposesway ChurchGospel ofof theChrist,Kingdomto preachin all thisthe

Here is what President F. of Wethe Lordare herein theon savingearth toof worksouls.out world,witness atuntohomethe andworldabroad,beforeasthea

S. Harris, of the Brigham our salvation in fear and trembling end shall come.

Young University, says about before the Lord, according to the He that doeth not anything until he is the matter: plan of the Gospel instituted in the commanded and receiveth a commandment

Councils in Heaven before the world with a doubtful heart and keepeth it with damned.—Doctrine "Those who are educated was, as contained in the Gospel of slothfulness,and Covenantsthe 58:2629.same is

Christ and set forth in the require no special worry. Jesus If we are not called to any parHoly Scriptures.

Those who must face life If we would make it our business ticular office in the Church our time without training are the ones to serve the Lord, we should prepare may be profitably spent in geneawho call for our sympathy."to engage in His ministry at home or logical and temple work and in

abroad wherever our services might teaching the Gospel to our neighbors

With which group will you be listed be needed, as indicated by those who do not understand it. There is

in the years just ahead? who are in charge of the work and no more important work in which

that will or called preside. are to be engaged man may who We

to attend the L. D. Plan now S. BUScall this of fill the completely refuse purpose never should a from more

of INESS the kind Get COLLEGE.

life. to to refuse source; be do so would training will that qualify for you work

of responsibility, with opportunities for advancement.

Fill out and mail the coupon below. It will bring you information about our EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS

courses, methods of instruction, tuition rates, placement service, etc. {Continued from page 417) Second, the theory fails utterly to

explain the emotional, reasoning, and

Yet, at the best, the doctrine of the religious nature of man, which discommon origin of all life is only an tinguishes him so completely from inference of science. After these the lower animals. One defender of

many years of searching, its truth the theory declares that the brains not has been demonstrated. To identical are monkey of man and L. D. S. competent minds it is but many larger a anatomically, that the but

BUSINESS value.working hypothesis of temporary ofhigherthe humanintelligencebrain accountsof man. forThissizethe

Many weaknesses in the theory of suggestion falls to the ground in evolution are recognized by its adface of wellknown facts such as COLLEGE herents. Two are especially notable. that the ant shows greater intelli70 North Main St.—Salt Lake City, Utah First, many reported similarities gence than the cow. Many notable

are farfetched and not well enough advocates of the theory, such as Darestablished to be acceptable as the win and Huxley, have stood helpless foundation of a worldsweeping before the mental, emotional, and

L. D. S. Business College, theory. It is surprising how many moral supremacy of man over the

Salt Lake City, Utah. such cases have been found. (See ape, the animal most like man in

is peculiar body. to Conscience a Special CreDouglas Dewar, Man Please send me your sin, Evil, truth, love, goodness, man. Sir Fleming, ation; EvoluAmbrose of Information.""Bulletin

sacrifice, religion hope, separate and tion or E. Creation; C. EvoWren,

lution, Fact or Fiction. ) Moreover, man from the highest animal by a

many actual similarities may be ingulf not yet bridged by any scienterpreted in more than one way. The tific theory.

theory of a common origin is only The doctrine of the common one of several possible explanations origin of life on earth is but of the mass of biological facts. a scientific theory, and should be

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1939

thus providing more than one origin EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS of life.

viewed as such. Clear thinkers will changing species is subdued. "SpeThose who insist that all life on

distinguish between the general law cies are once more sharply marked earth has come from one source are of change or evolution accepted by off things with hard outlines, and almost obliged to rule God out of all and the special theories of evo we are faced once more with the the picture; for, if a Supreme Being

lution which, like all scientific theorproblem of their origin as such. The is allowed to create a living cell in

ies, are subject to variation with the idea of yesterday has become the the beginning, He may at will create increase of knowledge. Honest illusion of today; today's idea may other life at different periods of time.

thinkers will not attempt to confuse become the illusion of tomorrow."Even believers in God who accept

law and theory in the minds of lay- (See Punnett, "Forty Years of Evothe theory of evolution as a final exmen. The man, learned or unlearnlution Theory,"in Background to planation of the origin of life forms,

) That is the spirit are inclined to insist that the theoryed, who declares the doctrine of the Modern Science.

common origin of life on earth to of science. By slow degrees, among represents God's only method of crebe demonstrated beyond doubt, has many changes, accepting, rejecting, ation. Nearly always, those who so

yet to master the philosophy of striving, it may in the distant future believe refuse to admit that any other science. The failure to differentiate reach the correct understanding of process may also be in operation.

between facts and inferences is the final causes. They would limit God to one law.

Fettering unbelief or in Him, God, grievousmost of the majority of advocates and the most common '"The or a universal merely making Himsin scientists. of

all that the life cjame theory superforce, usual been have comThis is the trend of thought in from one stock believe that the pripanions of the theory of evolution.

scientific circles. In the words of meval cell originated by the chance { See W. W. Keen, / Believe in God

Professor Punnett of Cambridge assembling under favorable condiand Evolution. )

University, scientists "still hold by tions of the constituent elements of Latterday Saints accept every the theory of evolution, regarding cellular substance. That means that scientific fact, but rate theories based

the world of living things as dylife is only an accidental intruder upon the facts as human explanations namic, and not a static concern."into the universe. The immediate of the facts, likely to change as new

But the interpretation of Darwinism logical weakness of this view is that facts appear. They do not deny that

has changed greatly. The theory of if life on earth began by the fortuian evolutionary process, a reflection

evolution "is released today from the tous assembling of inorganic mateof the Gospel law of progression, necessity of finding a use for everyrials in a slimy, primitive pool, other may be one of the methods of the thing merely because it exists."equally favorable pools for the genLord's labor in the universe. That

More interesting, the glib talk about eration of life may have existed, (Concluded on page 447) vvWW%

spells low operating cost and long service without discord*

Distributors of

"CATERPILLAR"Diesel Engines TrackType Tractors Road Machinery'TRACTORLANDES& EQUIPMENT CO.

Headquarters - 245 West South Temple, Salt Lake City

U

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1939

SOLUTION OF JUNE PUZZLE Scriptural Crossword PuzzleGospel Preparation-(Mark 1:2)

xi N F* N H R A R T R N W M T vo A M H o B O "R—R /V A - N W

M E & M M H - i: H B G E E T D T R A M H m w-i

i lew/5 onvement./

I&'*&nexpensive

(Vkai?

Our New, Convenient, Inexpensive readymade Binder ACROSS for keeping your IMPROVE- 1 "he shall... the way before me"32 Speaks

(anag.) Israel; a of bend Judge the Lord, 7 "and whom readily accesERAS MENT

. I.. pleased"well "in ye are... unto... theseek"day 3534 whom "whereby of 10 sible with a minimum

. thicket"in. caught a "a. 36 of redemption"

trouble. 11 First word of the Massachusetts 37 Adorned

These binders are durable, 13 "I motto;am comeseento (anag.)great..."3839 "suddenly"we will walkcomein tohis. temple'

attractive, and so made that 14 Frankness 40 Mental image

... is yoke and my "For 42 in crying "one my year's issues whole a can be 16?"is light"the burden can know.. wilderness""and 17 we how conveniently kept, issue by..... the water"of. out in 44 "coming "baptized Jordan"... 18 John

."issue, for. ready immediate treacherous "the 46 Bird 19..".. of a "for door 48 reference. coins 21 Portuguese

23 "upon the... of the rock"50 Type measure

And the price is only $1.25 24 Pineapple; Anna (anag.) 51 "the crooked shall be made..."

per binder! 25 Relationship of Rachel to R.ebekah

26 "he saw... heavens open"Our Text from Mark is 1, 7, 16, 17,

See them in our display win27 "behold, he shall come, saith the 18, 26, 27, 28, 38, 39, and 51 comdow, No. 8, South Main 28 "...... straightof hosts"in the desert a highbined

Street, or call at 29 Richards way for our God"

Street, for full particulars.

DOWN 1 Footlike part 31 Compass point 2 Woolen stuff 33 "And others had... of cruel

3 Valley where David killed Goliath mockings and scourgings"(pi.)

4 Disciple of Christ 34 "Doth the wild ass... when he

5 American humorist hath grass?"

6 Inclosed 35 "there... until ye depart from

Relig.) that Saul (Rom. Goddess of harvest witch consulted lived 37

deity Babylonian (anag.) o&ederet II ews 87 TheJapanesehere; coin that place"38 Mythological drone

9 "And... begat Kish, and Kish 41 "ye have made it a... of

begat Saul"1 Chron. 8: 33 thieves"

... 10 Cutting 42 "Do ye not therefore..., be- p.redd 12 Long seat cause ye know not the scrip29 Richards Street 15 Ever tures"

17 River dams 43 King, and ancestor of Christ

Salt Lake City, Utah 20 A minor prophet 45 "but I will not with ink and...

( Prompt Attention Given to 2223 MonstrousUnite firmly 47 Englishwrite untotranslationthee"

Mail Orders and Inquiries 27 Meadows 48 His Highness 29 Mother of Jabal and Jubal 49 Part of the Bible 'T TT '30 Table sauce THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1939

creation that ther each "remaineth EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS in created sphere the I, God, in which {Concluded from page 445) tions. Did life on earth come by it."This last statement suggests

does not mean, however, that the chance or by divine will? If by dilimitations placed upon development

acts otherAlmighty cannot perform is will, limited to vine proone God the general progressive under law of will forof plan, the of promotion His cess? questions are old as These of as change. evolution theory The

as, for special the creation example, history. ancients them; asked The partial truth, contain which may

isof purposeful Being; man. a God will after those us and come who should the as looked of be one upon

is in or earthwhatever heaven has on ask them.* science, changing of hypothesesbeen designed for the accomplishexplanation of of a multitude is the man's then, to the Here, answer of divinement purposes—among It facts. folly observed would be article: at this the of question head is the welfarewhich of man. The

it life's to the of foundation a make evolution or change law of may Thespirit itself intelligent, of purman, build philosophy. Saints Latterday fully. It is estabaccepted be an isposeful, eternal preexistent bean upon something more fact far lished as so power human secure—theing. reaches the conbeyond He will, free operation of God's is It and undetermine. nothing can morefines of earth. with was He God realities the trammelled, of among of prothe or less law Gospel thanbefore the earth made. was The the Universe. gression. that taught Smith Josephtheory of evolution explain not does

the eternal man. men could rise towards Godhood

Any theory that leaves out God as only "by going from one small de- a personal, purposeful Being, and gree to another, and from a small accepts chance as a first cause, cancapacity to a great one; from grace

not be accepted by Latterday Saints. to grace; from exaltation to exaltaThe evidence for God is yet greater tion."Modern revelation also says,

than for the chance creation of the "For I, the Lord God, created all earth and its inhabitants. Mind and things of which I have spoken, spirthought shape a work of art from itually, before they were naturally

the marble block. More marvelous upon the face of the earth,"and furthan any human work of art is man.

real has of evolution problem been *The risen to his haveHowever he may stated F. Osborne: Greeks H. "The by

estate,present it has high been by wellleft later face the to face the with world the operation of mind and thought. problem of causation in three forms: first,

That man and the whole of creation whether intelligent design is constantly opcame by chance is unthinkable. It erating in Nature; second, whether Nature is

is equally unthinkable that if man originallyunder the implantedoperationby ofIntelligentnatural Design;causes

came into being by the will and and, third, whether Nature is under the power of God, the divine creative operation of natural causes due from the power is limited to one process dimly beginningtaining no toevidencesthe lawsof ofdesign,chance,evenandin theirconsensed by mortal man. The great origin."(From the Greeks to Darwin.)

law of evolution may have many Latterday Saints accept the first of these forms of expression, far beyond alternatives. Evolution then is but a part

man's present comprehension. of the "intelligent design constantly operatIn fact, the whole squabble about ingin Naturein nature."is leftThefreeintelligenceto use otheroperatingmeans

evolution centers upon two quesof carrying out its purposes.

SUMMER SCHOOL

where SUMMER'S fool The joy of learning is increased in the delightful surroundSEE YOUR DEALER ings of Brigham Young University's Alpine summer school.

well is vacationtime as Studytime the unique on summer feet sealevel Grove, 6,800 in the north or at Aspen above campus fork of Provo Canyon.

A full halfquarter of college credit may be earned during five the weeks'term. Write for a summer catalog to the Dean of UTAH POWER & the Session. Summer

Alpine Term Dates LIGHT CO.

July 25 to August 26 BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY PROVO, UTAH

[MmatidJMk LET'S SAY IT CORRECTLY BARE FACT his sitting his father's mother comb knee, watching Junior, on between. should Apbe distinguished and approve Endorse His like yours, hasn't hair: Mommy. any waves "Daddy and her favorably an idea or an action to regard prove means

to believe in it. Endorse, however, means that in addition to is all beach!"

the approval there is the promise of aid and support, or LOGIC PREVAILS action. favorable

$> The underground manager of a Yorkshire coal mine found tunnels. of the at the roof of one hacking Laie, Hawaii. a boy

the roof falling in if you have "You'll he shouted. "Hi!"

that."I can't get the pony through,"said the lad. GODis blesscertainlyyou appreciatedin your greatin Hawaiiwork. Thewith Improvementits masterful outEra do"But

lines, instructions, and inspiring stories. More power to you "Well, if that's so, dig some of the ground away."

and your staff. "That's no use, master,"the lad said. "It isn't his feet

Most sincerely your brother, that won't go under—it's his head."

Castle H. Murphy,

President of the Hawaiian Temple. A GOOD IDEA

-- mother."No, you"Don'tcan't haveyou anyknowmorethatcakeyoutonight,can't Bobby,"sleep onsaida fullhis

in this stomach?"found material inspiring I thank you for the "Well,"replied Bobby, "I can sleep on my back."missionary the finest the Era. It is magazine, MAYwonderful

with the carry missionaries in the field. Era have Our agent we date NO TATTLE TALE to It is and tracting. up the their most practical them in

way of presenting a practical religion for the home and family. "Little boy, doesn't your conscience tell you when you've

Lewis H. Lloyd, done wrong?"

2555 N. Sawyer Avenue, "Yes, but I'm mighty glad it doesn't tell Dad."

Chicago, Illinois, Mission Secretary. NO HOPE LEFT

Mt. Kipp Glen Gardner, N. J.

Dear Sir: that I furnish with you to your request response my ward IN to Improvement stake relative The and to my subscription

Era, may I state that I am unable to do this.

Although the magazine is a Latterday Saint publication,

I am not a member of the Church, but have other religious connections; and not being a Mormon, I do not come under your

communicant listings. My reason for subscribing to the magazine is because I value some of your thoughts and enjoy reading your Church's discourses and news.

I trust this explanation will be of satisfaction to you.

Very truly yours, Ellwood Schlaepfer. -IfKfmrtr

-#- "Don't be downhearted,"said the steward to the suffering

Dear Editors: passenger. "Seasickness has never killed anyone."

I in stricken the one. "It's only the helped promote IN have "Don't the Era work here moaned say that,"any way IF

alive so far!"I of dying that has hope repaid a thousandfold. been Never the Mission kept me have

before have I found so much joy in doing things as I have the past year. The true missionary spirit has been greatly manifest AT LONG LAST

this the all mission the the in throughout workers campaign by veteran. Civil a Diogenes met War in Latterday report the of each year. branches an Era Some in the asked. he war?"were you "What

in the report being placed the homes Others Saint home. soldier answered. the old "A private,"

feel the that camof of the Church. nonmembers Era EraWe his out went home. and blew lamp Diogenes

It to has And blessing great Mission. our a paign been has

awakened an interest in many for greater Church activity and THE REPLY COURTEOUS to helped them appreciate the importance of being a member "I hear you have accepted Wayne,"Frances said, acidly. organization. a noble of such

"I suppose he never told you he once proposed to me?"

Wilson W. Sorensen, "No,"retorted Dorothy, "he merely said he had done lots

Y. M. M. I. A. Supervisor for the of silly things before meeting me and I never asked him what

California Mission. they were."

> COMMUNITYPRODUCED Hubby: "What are we having for dessert tonight, dear?"

Millennial Star Wifey: "Sponge cake. I sponged the eggs from Mrs.

Square, 5 Gordon Brown, the flour from Mrs. Smith, and the milk from Mrs.

Dear Editors: London, W. C. 1 Jones."

of the success continued Era. on the Congratulations British MIXED SIGNALS friends often in favor cent readers are 100 per of it. Very

and members call in the office for old numbers to read. It seems "Ted, what made you quit going with Sally?"

to give them just exactly what they want. "Well, you see she has red hair and green eyes and when

Sincerely, I wanted to kiss her I never knew whether to stop or go

Marvin J. Ashton. ahead."

pi||&|.

:: '..!

1 1 1 1 KM H 'Hil 1 mm *'f 'ill I'il IB*.! If B

C- f''

a v t n w ft m &> (. '"-. *? i'

i# Hw Wii *'i ft

V '& CV

The worldfamous Mormon Tabernacle Choir, above, before the great Tabernacle organ. Upper left, J. Spencer Cornwall, director; upper right,

Richard L Evans, announcer.

inMilestone Music

On Sunday, July 16, the Mormon Tabergoodwill and enjoyment through the lannacle Choir will broadcast to the nation guage all understand.

through KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting KSL is proud that, without single excepSystem. Of itself, this half hour of music will tion, it has been able to provide this broadattract millions of listeners. cast every week since July, 1929! It is an inspiration alike to those who listen and to

But there is added reason why this event those who sing.

is significant. It is the tenth anniversary of

To the choir, its executive staff and annationwide broadcasts of the Tabernacle nouncer, KSL extends thanks and congratulaChoir and Organ! This is indeed, a milestone tions for a signal achievement in radio and

in music—in a program extending universal in music.

AFFILIATED

WITH THE VOICE 5 0,000 OF THE WEST WATTS KSL..

CAN

.."K-j;-'-j..,:: --"c-.;;

... Purchased at the

price of systematic saving of a part of one's income assuring to oneself security for old age if he lives... and to

his family, freedom from financial slavery if he dies is BENEFICIAL LIFE INSURANCE

S5L |M$VKAtf&fl/'frl >M P AMY Heber J. Grant, Pres. \/ Salt Lake City. Utah