MFWWIEM m

Language of Adam ELDER JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH Light of the Sun J. M. SJODAHL

Education, Industry DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS

The Answer, a Play Stories—Blackheloise dayKing—Roughmerkley Road

to College mrs. e. t. garner,—m. thirl marsh

Speeding Ocean Mails claude c. cornwall

Ancient Ruins andrew jensen

:....ATum&:ew A0Khr

VACATION TIME SPECIAL WINTER EXCURSION FARES

Southern Pacific Lines TO LOS ANGELES AND RETURN BOTH WAYS VIA

SAN FRANCISCO $50.50

TO LOS ANGELES VIA SAN FRANCISCO RETURNING

DIRECT OR ROUTE REVERSED $58.00

Proportionately low fares from all other points in UTAH, IDAHO and MONTANA

STOPOVERS ALLOWED AT ALL POINTS

TICKETS ON SALE DAILY—FINAL RETURN LIMIT, EIGHT MONTHS

For further information CALL, WRITE or PHONE

PRESS BANCROFT, GENERAL AGENT 41 SO. MAIN ST. SALT LAKE CITY

PHONE WASATCH 3008—3078

JjDj&'Qarmmts

at prices direct from factory to you For Ladies By ordering garments direct, For Men you save agent's commission..$.1*5 and thus get better quality No. 92—Ribbed

ure, height and 83 No. Fine

guarantee fit.weight—webust measNo.Extra93—RibbedFine.... 1.50 the Quality CotNo. ton 1.50 925—Med. Specify or style. OLD NEW 1.75 Light No. Wgt 862—Fine Light weights usually made Mercerized No. with short sleeves 97—Med. legs, and 9i Lisle 1.95 Silk Wgt. according to Temple pattern. No. Stripe 1.85 822—Silk Heavy weights regularly made Med. with long sleeves and long 1.50 No. 976—Med. Stripe.Wgt

legs. Garments marked, 15c No. 1.75 Wgt... Heavy 821—Extra pair extra. a Silk prepay Fine We 9107 No. Wool Stripe all 1*5 to S. postage parts of U. and Cotton No. 826—Fine

Mixture 4.00 Silk.... 2*5 Samples on request Rayon

SALT LAKE KNITTING STORE 70 Main St., Salt Lake City

"Oldest Knitting Store In Utah"

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS. PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Utah Made Su>;ar

The Equal of Any Sugar in the World

100% PURE 100% FINE 100% FOR UTAH

BEET SUGAR ON EVERY TABLE

BEET SUGAR FOR PRESERVING BEET SUGAR FOR EVERYTHING

Individual Sacrament Sets NOW IN STOCK Best in the market Will last a life time 36 glasses in eat

RECOMMENDED BY PATRONS. REFERENCES FURNISHED

Made especially for L. D. S. Churches, and successfully used in Utah and

InterMountain region, also in all Missions in the United States, Europe, and

Pacific Islands. Basic metal, Nickel Silver, heavily plated with Solid Silver.

SIMPLE, SANITARY, DURABLE Satisfaction guaranteed. Inquiries cheerfully answered.

TWO OF MANY ACKNOWLEDGMENTS Mt. Carmel, Utah.

We have received the individual sacrament set in good shape and, speaking in behalf of the people of the ward, are very well pleased with the set.

Mink Creek, Idaho.

We received the sacrament set in good shape, and we are very well pleased with it.

We wish to thank you for your prompt attention.

Temple Block BUREAU OF INFORMATION Salt Lake City

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

ANEW ERA

take this opportunity to congratulate the General Board of Young Men's WE

Mutuals on the NEW ERA—a publication which now embodies the best

in the magazine world.

In this age of advancement there is no place for the nonprogressive. The exacting public

demands not only the best, but improvement on the best. For this reason the Era is popular.

For the same reason "UTAH"loud speakers have become first in the hearts of radio fans this reason we have grown to everywhere—for

be the WORLD'S LARGEST MANUFACTURERS of speakers and units.

UTAH RADIO PRODUCTS

COMPANY SALT LAKE CITY

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

The March number of the Improvement fice he served the people for thirteen years,

Era will be devoted largely to the M Men working there also in the coal mines for and Scouts. Executive Director Oscar A. thirty years. His good wife, who for

Kirkham presents a paper on the high years traveled with him up the hill, went points of information and instruction given sometime ago to her rest, and his tribute in the Fourth International Conference to her is a beautiful little classic which we of Boy Workers, in Chicago, November present to the readers of The Improvement 2830, 1927. It will be followed by a Era in this number.

principally of leading local writers,number corof Humorous number Hints—A of the General Boardmembers written Y. M. M. respondents the have of us lately

I. A., with a view to comparing the probobjections stated last month against

lems in our organization with those in "Humorous Hints,"included among the others. The thought is to show how the advertisements in the Improvement Era.

M. I. A. is endeavoring to meet them. They generally agree with the opinion exThe Conference brought together reprepressed in the following: "Let me sugsentative workers for boys from all parts gest that the subject matter of the whole

of the American continents, also repremagazine, including also the little pieces sentatives of business men's organizations placed in between the advertisements, has interested in boys. always been clean and wholesome reading.

There is a call for short oneact plays I see no reason why 'Humorous Hints'based on the Book of Mormon. In this should be discontinued. I hope you will

number of the Era we present a play on the not give way to any longfaced or overfirst Christmas in America, by Heloise pious individual who thinks that everyDay Merkley, entitled, "The Answer."body ought to see as he sees. 'Variety

The author is a resident of Rexburg, Idaho, is the spice of Life.'Any reader of the

and is well known in the local literature Era who has objections to these articles of the Church. One of our readers in need not read 5. Vaterlaus, them."—C.passing upon the manuscript writes: "The 719 Fourth Ave., Walla Walla, Wash.

poetry in some places in this play is really gives Father Era as Christmas gift.—We

that learneduplifting, and the form all the way have Potter, of Price, John through is the work of genius. I like the Utah, very appropriately gave a year's

doctrine it inculcates; 'a faith in God exsubscription to the Improvement Era as a

cludes faith in the arm of flesh.'That Christmas present to each of five of his

is a truth which even professed believers children and one to himself. One Era

often forget. The play is difficult of enwill be sent to Omaha, Nebraska; one to

actment. It will require good reading in California; one to Brigham City, and three

order to hold the attention all the way to Price, Utah. Each of the recipients

through."expressed themselves as being delighted

Thousands of members of the Church, with the gift, stating that nothing else on their way to the holy temple, Salt Lake could have been more fitting or appreCity, Utah, have met Elder James Crookciated. It will awaken fond remembrance

ston, one of the genial watchmen, at the of "father"twelve times during the year, east temple gate, since 1918. He was besides the inspiration and encouragement

born in Stobhill, Scotland, in 1855, and that each number will provide.

came to Utah, September, 1883. When

he was twelve years old, 1867, he joined Ira N. Hayward, author of the Era onethe Church in his native land. His eduact play, "The Invisible Hand,"is a native

cation consists in what he received at the of Paris, Idaho, where he was born in village school in his native town, and in 1896. He graduated from the Fielding

his life's experience. He became Bishop Academy there in 1917. He taught in the

of Rock Springs, Wyoming, in which ofpublic schools of Bear Lake county and

EDITOR'S ANNOUNCEMENTS. CONTINUED

also edited a local paper there. Attendyears he studied art and debating, oratoring summer school in Utah and Idaho, he ical contests and dramatics. He won the

entered the Utah Agricultural College as a Church M. I. A. oratorical medal in 1917

senior in the fall of 1923, graduating the with an oration entitled, "A Need to Enfollowing spring. For three years he force Peace."Again in July, 1926, he

taught in the Logan high school, and is at appeared in the Improvement Era in an present teaching speech and English at the article entitled, "The Long Road Ahead,"

Branch Agricultural College of Cedar City. a significant episode in the earlyday hisDuring his high school years and college tory of Utah.

IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1928

HEBER J. GRANT ) Editors Melvin J. Ballard, Business Mgr.

EDWARD H. ANDERSON \ Moroni Snow, Assistant

Portrait of Dr. Joseph Francis Merrill - - - Frontispiece

Editors'Announcements - - - - - - - - 267

The Lass o'Lasswade. A Poem - James Crookston 269

The Language of Adam - - - Elder Joseph Fielding Smith 271

Faith and Reverence. A Poem - - - Theodore E. Curtis 276

The Light and the Sun J. M. Sjodahl 277

TO HIM THAT BELIEVETH. A POEM - - - M. Charles Wood 279

The Book of Mormon and Ancient Ruins - - Andrew Jenson 280

Happiness. A Poem Ethel R. Lillywhite 283

Portrait and Sketch of Dr. Franklin Stewart Harris - - - 284

Education and Industry. Illustrated - Dr. Franklin S. Harris 285

HIS WORD. A POEM O. F. Ursenbach 295

Speeding TransAtlantic Mails. Illustrated - Claude C. Cornwall 297

Leveled Mountains. A Poem - - - Linnie Fisher Robinson 298

Black King. A Story Mrs. E. T. Gamer 299

WHENEssays—RuralWe WAKETreasuresUp - DorothyJohn HenryC. RetsloffEvans 304305

SCOUT WORK AND THE BOY - - - H. Eugene Hughes 305

Apostrophe to the Ocean - - - Prof. J. E. Hickman 306

Understanding. A Poem - Alice Maude Schutte 307

The Answer. A OneAct Play - - - Heloise Day Merkley 308

Historical Illustrations - - - - Prest. John H. Taylor 315

A Rough Road to College. A Story - - - M. Thirl Marsh 3 1

"Prove It."An Incident Orton Mitchell 319

HOPE. A POEM Lorenzo B. Summerhays 320

Current Events - - 321 Hans C. Jensen Celebrates One Hundredth Year - - - - 324

New Superintendent of Church Schools - 325

Two Primaries 326 Messages from the Missions. Illustrated 327Editor's Table—Education and Industry - - - - - 339

Providing Employment 340 THE Desert. J\. POEM Grace Ingles Frost 341

Priesthood Quorums - 342 Mutual Work 344 Passing Events 354

Published monthly. Salt Lake City, Utah, $2 per annum. Entered at the Post Office. Salt Lake

City. Utah, as second class matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in

section 1103. Act of October 3, 1917, authorized on July 2. 1918.

The Lass O'Lasswade

The auld toon o'Lasswade, on the banks o'the Esk,

Among a'ither toons, that's the toon I loe best;

For there I wed Maggie; I see the hoose still,

On the banks o'the Esk, near the auld paper mill.

On the wee brae we've stood till a late hoor at nicht,

Never thoucht tae gang hame for oor hearts were baith licht;

And there we did promise that faithful we'd be,

And be happy thegither, my Maggie and me.

But the time slipped awa', it has quickly gane by,

Since we coorted thegither, my Maggie and I,

But those dear, happy days, I ne'er will forget;

Though far frae auld Scotland, I remember them yet.

But noo she's awa', she has gane tae her rest,

The bonnie, wee lassie, the Lass I loed best;

In the land o'the leal, a better hame she has made,

The bonnie, wee lassie, the Lass o'Lasswade.

James Crookston Dr. Joseph Francis Merrill

Who succeeds Dr. Adam S. Bennion as superintendent of the L. D. S. Church school

system on February 1, 1928, was born in Richmond, Utah, August 24, 1868; is a

graduate of the Normal School of the U. of U., 1889; a member of the Faculty

since January, 1893, and head of the School of Mines and Engineering since January, 1899. He received the degree of B. S. at the University of Michigan, 1893; Johns

Hopkins, Ph. D., 1899; University of Utah, D. So, 1920. For eight years, 191119.

he served as counselor in the presidency of the Granite stake, and was instrumental in establishing the first Church Seminary, near the Granite high school. His declaration was: "Society would be greatly benefited if all young people, during school age,

could be thoroughly trained in religion."In upholding this belief, he has always

sympathized with religious teaching, and has taken part in many Church activities.

See page 325.

Improvement Era

Vol. XXXI FEBRUARY, 1928 No. 4

The Language of Adam The Origin of Speech By Elder Joseph Fielding $mith, of the

Council of the Twelve INexistconsiderationbetween theof revelationany questionof thewhereLord a andconflictthe teachingsappears ofto the scientific world, it is well to remember the key the Lord has given us which is always a safe guide to follow. This key is

couched in the following language: "If any man will do his will,

he shall know of the doctrine, whether it be of God, or whether

I speak of myself."

There is no conflict between a scientifically discovered truth and the revealed word of the Lord, for truth everywhere harmonizes with truth. Or as it is expressed in the Doctrine and Covenants:

"Intelligence cleaveth unto intelligence; wisdom receiveth wisdom;

truth embraceth truth; virtue loveth virtue; light cleaveth unto

light,"and we will ever find it so.

There may, however, be a vast difference between the revelations of the Lord through his prophets, and the theories of men.

There may also be a difference between the teachings of science and the scriptural interpretation of men, but when the language is clear and there can be no misunderstanding of the meaning, we may with perfect safety rely upon the revelations of the Lord with the assurance that whatever comes in conflict with them will in due time cease to exist. There are many theories advanced in the sceintific world

some of which may in time be proved true, others will be proved false, and then must be discarded. We should remember that theories

are, as it has often been said, merely the scaffolding to the scientific structure. Let us not, therefore, be carried away by the theories

of men even though they may appear to be very plausible, when they seem to contradict the word of the Lord. It is the right of

every member of the Church to know for himself the truth, and 272 IMPROVEMENT ERA

this may be obtained in the way the Lord has designated and through the spirit of humility and prayer. So much, then, preliminary to the

question which follows.

The science of linguistics is very young. It was not until quite

recently that man turned his attention to this study in a scientific way hoping to discover the sources of speech. Such study of course,

has been based largely upon speculative imagination. There has

been discovered in this research a great abyss, exceedingly deep, and while the cables of research have been lowered into the darkness and obscurity, nothing definite and lasting has been returned.

What are the scientific theories of the origin of language?

There have been quite a complicated; some more number—some

with the various parts of speech, the early use ofsimple—dealing

vowels and consonants, the peculiarities of expression, the different sounds according to the formation of the mouth, the use of muscles of tongue and throat as these have been developed in the distant past.

Some of these theories presented by Professor Otto Jespersen, of the

University of Copenhagen in his interesting work on Language, its Nature, Development and Origin, are here briefly presented:

"One theory is that primitive words were imitative of sounds: man copied the

barking of dogs and thereby obtained a natural word with the meaning of 'dog'or 'bark.'To this theory, nicknamed the bowwow theory, Renan objects that it seems

rather absurd to set up this chronological sequence: first, the lower animals are original

enough to cry and roar; and then comes man, making a language for himself by

imitating his inferiors."

Max Muller, commenting on this theory has said it "goes very smoothly as long as it deals with cackling hens and quacking ducks;

but round the poultryyard there is a high wall, and we soon find that it is behind that wall that language really begins."

"Another theory is the interjectional, nicknamed the poohpooh, theory: Language is derived from instinctive ejaculations called forth by pain or other intense

sensations of feeling. The adherents of this theory generally take these interjections

for granted, without asking about the way in which they come into existence. * * *

Between interjection and word there is a chasm wide enough to allow us to say that the interjection is the negation of language, for interjections are employed only when one either cannot or will not speak. (Benfey Gesch, 295). This 'chasm'is also

shown phonetically by the fact that the most spontaneous interjections often contain sounds which are not used in language proper, voiceless vowels, inspiratory sounds, clicks, etc., whence the impossibility properly to represent them by means of our

ordinary alphabet: the spellings pooh, pkh, whew, tut are very poor renderings

indeed of the natural sounds. * * *

"A closely related theory i9 the nativistic, nicknamed the dingdong theory, according to which there is a mystic harmony between sound and sense: 'There is a law

which runs through nearly the whole of nature that everything which is struck, rings.

Each substance has its peculiar ring.'Language is the result of an instinct, a 'faculty

peculiar to man in his primitive state, by which every impression from without received

THE LANGUAGE OF ADAM 273

its vocal expression from within, a faculty which becomes extinct when its object is fulfilled.'

"Noire started a fourth theory, nicknamed the yohe-ho: under any strong muscular

effort it is a relief to the system to let breath come out strongly and repeatedly, and by that process to let the vocal chords vibrate in different ways."

These theories also include the thought which has also been advanced that the most primitive language was composed of monotones, and that the more complex expressions and combination of sounds have been developed as civilization has advanced; the first

means of communication being simple and separate tones, perhaps augmented by gestures to enforce the meaning: the use of sentences

being a more recent development.

Commenting on these theories, which are mentioned here, briefly, for lack of space, Professor Jespersen says:

"Now, these theories, here imperfectly reproduced each in a few lines, are naturally antagonistic. * * * Each of the three chief theories enables one to explain parts

of language, but still only parts, and not even the most important parts—the main

body of language seems hardly to be touched by any of them. Again, with the exception

of Noire's theory, they are too individualistic and take too little account of language as a means of human intercourse. Moreover, they all tacitly assume that up to the

creation of language man had remained mute or silent; but this is most improbable

from a physiological point of view."Language, pp. 413416.

Do linguists now believe it possible for science to solve the question? These theories advanced during the past century are

now discarded, and with the further light that has been received many of those who study the science are not sure that the question ever will be solved.

A few expressions of the leading linguists are given for the purpose of showing their uncertainty and how they stand baffled before the problem:

"There is no tangible evidence, historical or otherwise, tending to show that the mass of speech elements and speech processes has evolved out of the interjections. These

are a very small and functionally insignificant proportion of the vocabulary of language;

at no time and in no linguistic province that we have record of do we see a noticeable tendency towards their elaboration into the primary warp and woof of language.

They are never more, at best, than a decorative edging to the ample, complex fabric.

"What applies to the interjections applies with even greater force to the soundinitiative words. Such words as 'whippoorwill.''to mew,''to caw,'are in no

sense natural sounds that man has instinctively or automatically reproduced. They

are just truly creations of the human mind, flights of the human fancy, as anything else in language. They do not directly grow out of nature, they are suggested by it

and play with it. Hence the onomatopoetic theory of the origin of speech, the theory

that would explain all speech as gradual evolution from sounds of an imitative character, really brings us no nearer to the instinctive level than is language as we know it today. As to the theory itself, it is scarcely more credible than its interjectional

274 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Sapir, in Language, An Introduction to the Study of Speech:counterpart."—Edward

pp. 5-6. "No theme in linguistic science is more often and more voluminously treated than this, (i. e. origin of language) and by scholars of every grade and tendency; nor any,

it may be added, with less profitable result in proportion to the labor expended; the

greater part of what is said and written upon it is mere windy talk, the assertion of subjective views which command themselves to no mind save the one that produces them, and which are apt to be offered with a confidence, and defended with a tenacity, that are in inverse ratio to their acceptableness. This hasi given the whole question

Oriental anda bad repute among soberminded philologists."—William D. Whitney,

Linguistic Studies, 1:279.

"* * * We find that the ancient languages of our family, Sanskrit, Zend, etc.,

abound in very long words; the further back we go, the greater the number of

sesquipedalia. We have seen also how the current theory, according to which every

language started with monosyllable roots, fails at every point to account for actualfacts and breaks down before the established truths of linguistic history."—Otto

Jespersen, Language, p. 420.

"In most languages now only such sounds are used as are produced by expiration, while inbreathed sounds and 'clicks, or suctionstops, are not found in connected speech.

* * * In some very primitive South African languages, on the other hand, clicks are found as integral parts of words; and Bleek has rendered it probable that in former

stages of these languages they were in more extensive use than now. We may perhaps

draw the conclusion that primitive languages in general were rich in all kinds of

Jespersen, Language, p. 419.difficult sounds."-—Otto

"Linguists study both spoken and written languages; they follow up the history

of these languages with the aid of the oldest accessible documents. Yet, however

far back they pursue their inquiries, they always find themselves dealing with highly developed languages, possessing a past of which we know nothing. The notion that

the reconstruction of the original language might be arrived at by a comparison of existing languages is chimerical and, though it may have been played with by the founders of comparative grammar, it has long since been abandoned.

"Some languages have been proved to be older than others, and certain of our

Butmodern tongues are known to us in forms more than two thousand years old.

the oldest known languages, the 'parent languages,'as they are sometimes called, have nothing of the primitive about them. Differ though they may from our modern

tongues, they only furnish us with an indication of the changes which language has

Professor ofundergone, they do not tell us how language origniated."—J. Vendryes,

the University of Paris, Language, A Linguistic Introduction to History, p. 5.

The Real Origin of Language After contemplating the theories that have been advanced in the science of linguistics, we involuntarily exclaim with Zophar: "Canst

thou by searching find out God? Canst thou find out the Almighty

unto perfection?"Having learned that man has failed to discover

the origin of language, why not turn to the revelations of the Lord?

When we begin our research from false beginnings, we are bound to all. The Lordcome to false conclusions, if we reach conclusions at

has spoken and has made known to us where language came from and how it was first given. Of course, to accept this fact, we must have

THE LANGUAGE OF ADAM 275

faith in the revelations, and be willing to believe the story of man's beginning on the earth as the Almighty has informed us.

How long Adam remained in the Garden of Eden we do not know. I think we may safely conclude that he was there some time,

and all the while he was in the presence of his Father, the Lord omnipotent. From the Lord he received his early training and was

not left to blindly find his way after having been given one or two commandments. The story says that the Lord spoke to Adam and

gave him commandments. How could he give him commandments

without speaking to him? What would be more natural than to

believe that the Father would speak to him in his own language, and that that language was perfect, for it was the language of Celestial beings? We are informed that Adam and the Lord carried on

conversations. How was this done unless Adam had been taught

to speak? Therefore, all who have faith in the word of the Lord

must know that Adam had a language; that his language was

pure and perfect for it came from the Lord. All Latterday Saints

know this to be the case, for the Lord revealed to Moses, and later to Joseph Smith in the writings of Moses, that, not only did Adam have the power of speech, but he was taught also to read and to write, and records were kept by him and by his posterity. These

scriptures say: "And a book of remembrance was kept, in the

which was recorded, in the language of Adam, for it was given as many as called upon God to write by the spirit of inspiration; and

by them their children were taught to read and write, having a language which was pure and undefiled."

Again, Enoch said: "For a book of remembrance we have

written among us, according to the pattern given by the finger of

God; and it is given in our own 'language."

This being true, the question arises, then, how is it that there are so many languages and some of them so imperfect? The answer

is a simple one, at least to me. I believe in the story of the confounding of tongues. I believe also that this was something that

took place, as the record says it did, and I am not prepared to explain it away by the philosophies of men. Naturally languages change;

for they are constantly taking on new words and expressions, and casting off the old. The English language that we speak today,

is far different from that which was spoken by Shakespeare, yet, as the linguists point out so forcibly to us, we have lost much of the beauty and color that was in the language in his day.

When men depart from the revelations of the Lord and depend upon their own wisdom and skill, there is a retrograde motion which sets in. History reveals this to be the fact from the beginning.

276 IMPROVEMENT ERA

It is true in written language as well as in other respects. This

is shown in the languages of the native races of America. Some of

them lost almost entirely the art of written speech, and were dependent upon the crude sign or drawing on the rock, the clay, or in the sand. When the Spaniards went to Peru, they found a people

with a civilization which Prescott says was superior in many respects to that of Spain. Yet these people had no written language, and

carried on their communications by the use of knots skillfully arranged in strings. We know that these races are descendants of a

people, once highly civilized with records and a written language, but through their transgressions they lost this art as well as their knowledge of the true and living God.

It is stated in the Book of Jared that Jared and his brother made the request of the Lord that their language be not changed at rhe time of the "tower."Their request was granted, and they

carried with them the speech of their fathers, the Adamic language, which was powerful even in its written form, so that the things that Mahonri wrote "were mighty even * * * unto the overpowering of man to read them."That was the kind of language

Adam had and in which Enoch was able to accomplish his mighty work. This being true, is there any wonder then that puny man,

in his endeavor to search out the beginnings of things, is baffled when he discovers among what he is pleased to call primitive peoples, or, the most ancient peoples of which history records, a language rich in metaphor and complex combinations?

Faith and Reverence How mighty is the Lord of Hosts.

The Prince of Peace of every land.

The glories of the earth reveal

The wonders of his peerless hand.

His light and law and love divine

Through all his works are manifest.

And faith responds, and, like a flame,

Is kindled in the human breast.

We reverence the things of God;

We magnify his law supreme And treasure all the sacred truths

That crown his ancient gospel theme.

With peace our motto, we revere

The things of life that really count.

To those who tread the ways of peace

The word of God is paramount.

Theodore E. Curtis.

The Light and the Sun By Elder J. M. Sjodahl

IToneAPPEARSof the statethat collegesa questionembodyinghas arisenanamongageoldthe controversystudents of on the subject of the creation of light on the first day and later the creation of the sun of our universe on the fourth day of the creation.

The question is thus put to the Improvement Era:

"In the first chapter of Genesis, regarding the Creation, it is written that on the first day God created light, and seeing that the light was good, divided the light from the darkness, calling the light

Day, and the darkness Night; then on the third day, God created

the grasses, herbs, trees, etc., and finally, on the fourth day, God

created the lights in the firmament including the Sun and the Moon.

Now the question is: Science has proved that no plant life can

survive, or even germinate without the elements from the Sun. How

is it that the plants, etc., were created before the Sun was created?

Again, Light was created on the first day, the Sun was created on the fourth day, the sole purpose being to give light and life to the earth. How are we to reconcile these two statements?"

In answer to the question in this letter let me say first, that the supposed difficulty pointed out has been satisfactorily explained again and again, and belongs really to controversies of the past. It

is in the same class as the quibbles about where Cain found his wife and how Joshua made the sun stand still. It is only necessary to

read the accounts in the Bible itself, with strict attention to the meaning of the words and expressions used, in order to find that the difficulties are imagined and not real.

In the story of the creation in Genesis, we are told that the

Creator issued the command, "Let there be light,"and there was light.

The earth was, at that time, "without form and void,"and the Spirit of the Lord "moved upon the waters,"to bring form and order out of the existing chaos. It was then that the divine command

to let there be light was heard and obeyed. This light was not

specifically that which emanates from the sun, but that light which is diffused throughout all space, of which the Lord, in a revelation to the Prophet Joseph Smith says: "Which light proceedeth forth

from the presence of God to fill the immensity of light space—the

which is in all things, which giveth life to all things, which is the 278 IMPROVEMENT ERA

law by which all things are governed, even the power of God who sitteth upon his throne, who is in the bosom of eternity, who is in the midst of all things."(Doc. and Cov. 88:12, 13.) It was this

light, this lifegiving, governing force that, through the presence of the Holy Spirit, was brought into special operation on the formless, empty earth, to bring order and life into existence. It is not said

that it was created at that time. The heavens and the earth had

been created, or formed; then the light was brought in. "Let there

be light."It existed already.

That there is latent light, as well as heat, in matter is well known and easily demonstrated. What else is the light produced by

friction, or by pressure? Or what is electricity, manifesting itself

in flames, or in flaming lightnings?

God, then, named the light "day"and the darkness "night;"

not the period of twelve hours, or twentyfour hours, but the light itself, and the darkness itself; wherefore, in the Book of Abraham

the first day is said to be "the first, or the beginning, of that which they called day and night,"and the subsequent "days"are the second, the third, the fourth, etc., "time."

The earth, thus being provided with the light from the presence of God, was prepared to bring forth the forms of life that appeared on the "third day."

In all probability the earth at this time was surrounded by vapors, clouds and mists, and the distinction between light and darkness was not sufficiently marked. On the fourth creation day,

therefore, the command of the Creator came: "Let there be lights in

the firmament of the heaven, to divide the day from the night."

In compliance with this command two great lights were made, or appeared, the greater to rule the day, the lesser to rule the night, and also the stars, and all these lights were made "for signs, and for seasons, and for days, and years."

I understand this to mean that on the fourth creation day the sun, the moon and the stars became visible on the earth. The curtains of vapor and clouds were raised and the light of the heavenly

bodies mentioned became visible on the newly created planet. They

became light bearers, by which man, later, was enabled to measure his days, seasons and years, and arrange for his sacred festivals. We

are not told that these heavenly bodies were created on that day, but that they were made lights, that is lamps, or candle sticks, "set in the firmament of the heaven, to give light upon the earth."That

is, they were made visible from the earth. They were really created

"in the beginning."

We know very little about the sun, as about everything else,

THE LIGHT OF THE SON 279

but some hold, that what we see of the sun is only its luminous atmosphere in which decomposition of fluids of a phosphoric nature takes place, "attended by lucid appearances, by giving out light."

(Herschel, quoted by Dr. Clarke in his Commentary.)

There is no contradiction between the account of the creative processes on the first day and the fourth, and this is clear when we understand that light exists independent of the luminous orbs in the firmament, and that these are really light bearers, or lamps, for the benefit of the children of God in this part of his many mansions.

To Him That Believeth

High is the towering mountain,

Because of the depth of the vale;

Broad is the valley below us, Because of the width of the trail.

Warm is a raw day of winter In compare with the pinch of stern frost;

Much is a dollar we saved, Because of the many we've lost.

Slow are the footsteps for mortals,

Because of the speed of the wing.

Poor is the hut of a peasant, Compared to the palace of king.

Things that are sensed are the measures

By which we continue to grow;

Things that give pain or give pleasure

Are the powers that cause us to know.

Belief is the key to all prisons,

Doubt is a lock and a cell;

Faith is the path unto wisdom,

Doubt is the darkness of hell.

Light is dispeller of darkness,

Truth dealeth error defeat, Life is the hope of the spirit,

Hope is the gift of belief.

M. Chari.es Woods

The Book of Mormon and Ancient Ruins By Andrew Jenson, Assistant Church Historian the Book of Mormon was first published in 1830, theWHENAngloSaxon world knew but very little of the ruins and remnants of ancient civilizations in Mexico, Central America and South America. Although several works, giving the history

of the conquest of America by the Spaniards, incidentally referring to remnants of temples and fortified cities in Peru and Bolivia, (South America), as well as in Mexico and Central America, had been published in the Spanish language, these works, up to the time the Book of Mormon came forth, had not been translated into

English; nor had any books of much importance been written in

English which dealt with ancient civilization in America, in a way that could make any deep impression upon the Englishspeaking people. Not until 1841, when John L. Stephens published his

valuable work entitled Incidents of Travel in Central America,

Chiapas and Yucatan, did the AngloSaxon world awaken to the realization of the fact that the American continent could perhaps boast of antiquities which might almost put the pyramids, and temple ruins of Egypt, Babylonia and Assyria into the shade. Up

to that time certain critics of the Book of Mormon had repeatedly asserted that the historical narratives in that Book were untrue, because nothing had been found in America to justify anybody in believing that an ancient, highly civilized people had ever dwelt on the American continent. They contended that if the story of the

Jaredites and Nephites, as contained in the Book of Mormon, was true, there certainly would have been something found in the shape of ruins or other indications to prove it.

All these things, however, have since been changed. Archaeologists and historians have traversed the American continents from the

extreme north to the extreme south and have found almost conclusive proofs and evidences to the effect that peoples, who possessed a high standard of civilization, and who were well posted in the sciences and arts, once flourished in America, and that there are unmistakable traces of their handiwork in all parts of the country, though perhaps, mostly in the south.

Having been a student of the Book of Mormon since my early boyhood, and always possessing a desire to see and hear for myself of things which, in many instances, others had seen and heard before

THE BOOK OF MORMON AND ANCIENT RUINS 281

me, I was much pleased with the opportunity I had in 1921 to visit the more central provinces of Old Mexico, and in visiting the republics of Peru and Bolivia in South America in 1923. And after

seeing what I witnessed during my travels in these countries, and connecting my own experiences with what I had read, and am still reading, I have concluded that instead of there being a lack of evidence that such peoples as the Book of Mormon describes inhabited the western world in ancient days, there is almost too much proof, or, in other words, there are so many ruins of temples, fortified cities, great canal systems, fine roads, etc., that the student is mystified, or, in other words, we begin to wonder if the Jaredites and

Ncphites lived long enough, and were numerous enough in America to erect such cities and monumental buildings which are evidenced by the very interesting ruins found in different parts of the country today. The archaeologists who have studied the Aztec civilization

of Old Mexico are almost unanimous in saying that a people possessed of a higher civilization than the Aztec once dwelt in Mexico, and when they call this "prehistoric"people Toltecs, we Book of Mormon students at once conclude that the Toltecs were either

Nephites or Jaredites, or perhaps both. The same condition exists

in Peru and Bolivia, (South America), and while the students of archaeology agree that the Inca nation possessed great ability in building temples, cities, canals, roads, etc., there are some things so

artistic and superior in the ruins of Cuzco, the ancient capital of

Peru, that it points back to a civilization of a higher type and of a more ancient date than the Inca period, and thus again the thoughts of the Book of Mormon student revert back to that people of very ancient date who attempted to build the Tower of Babel in the great valley of the Euphrates, and they can readily believe that a part of these great builders in Asia, after migrating to the western continent, led by the brother of Jared, and others, could, and naturally would, apply their skill as builders by erecting temples, and building walled cities in their new home. Suffice it to say, that, by

my travels in South America, I became more convinced than ever that the Book of Mormon is true; and while I was disappointed in

not becoming better established on a geographical basis regarding the Jaredite and Nephite countries, I was fully satisfied with what

I saw in the elevated valleys of Peru and Bolivia, and elsewhere, that such peoples as those of which the Book of Mormon gives record once dwelt in that land, and that the civilization which was superior to that attributed to the Incas, when the Spaniards first found them, must be credited to what the archaeologists call the preInca races. 282 IMPROVEMENT ERA A modern writer, (Mr. Rounsevell, of Lima, Peru), speaking

of Cuzco and the Inca ruins says:,Cuzco, the scene of the greatest

of all national dramas, the rise and fall of the ancient Inca empire, has for nearly three centuries been the center of interest for students of civilization, writers of history, archaeologists and searchers after treasure and inland city situated in a most remote and adventure—an

inaccessible valley far up in the Andes, built centuries ago in such a substantial manner that the ruthless attacks of conquerors, revolutionists, invaders and treasurehunters, have failed to destroy the wonderful handiwork of a civilization that flourished for centuries before Columbus discovered America. * * * The fortress of

Sachsahuaman is located immediately back of the city on a hill about seven hundred feet above the town, part of which is in plain view from almost any point in the city. A forty minute walk brings the

sightseer to the first of these ancient fortifications. An early morning climb to this point would be immensely worth while, merely

for the wonderful view of the city and valley spread out in picturesque beauty as far as the eyes can reach. In the foreground the city

itself is seen with its bright, redtile roofs, glistening in the sun, with here and there bright patches of gaily tinted walls, and just enough trees and shrubbery to make an enchanting color scheme. Across a

canyon are the remains of a stone aqueduct, built in culvert form, three rows of arches high. This aqueduct centuries ago was one of

the principal sources of water supply for the city, and as an evidence of the progress that has been made, backwards, it is interesting to note that in the Incaic days, when Cuzco was a city of more than 200,000 population, the water was so well conserved and distributed in stone aqueducts and ditches that there was ample to supply all the needs of the city, irrigation included. * * * The fortress

itself is properly classed among the wonders of the world. It circumvented the entire hill top with three series of walls, built of

great blocks of flintlike stone, some of which are 25 feet high and more than 12 feet thick; all securely and perfectly cut and

fitted with exact nicety. Cuzco has more cathedrals, churches,

monasteries, nunneries and edifices of a religious type than any city of the new world of its size, nearly all constructed during the colonial period out of material secured by wrecking the Inca structures. The stone workmanship of that period is very commonplace as compared with the work which remained of the partially

wrecked and ruined structures, and the different periods of construction can be readily identified by the character of architecture and workmanship, the oldest being decidedly the best, and gradually deteriorating; that of the present century being the clumsiest

THE BOOK OF MORMON AND ANCIENT RUINS 283

and flimsiest of all. The "Temple of the Sun,"located almost in

the heart of the main plaza, stands as a most vivid monument of its builders. The mechanical and architectural perfection of this piece

of circular stone work is probably without equal in all the world, and no description or photograph can do justice to the exact nicety of the cutting of each stone. A skillful cabinet maker of this day,

working in hardwood, with the best of tools, could not exceed the delicate fineness of the joints between these perfectly cut stones, which even centuries of earthquakes have not disturbed by a hair's breadth, except for one crack which ruptured the slabs of granite in a diagonal course, with scarcely any injury to the intersecting joints, so perfect are the joints broken and the courses bound together. * * *

On almost every street in Cuzco are the remains of Inca, or preInca walls, arches and doorways. The city itself was surrounded by one

great wall, enough of which remains to make it possible to trace its course from end to end. Many streets are lined on either side

by walls of most perfect stone work, now serving no better purpose than to be used as foundations for rude adobe structures, which shelter, in poverty and filth, the descendants of the mighty ones who built them.

Traveling in our journey to South America, from Guaqui, on the banks of the interesting lake, Titicaca, to La Paz, the capital of Bolivia, we saw, on both sides of the road, most interesting ruins, including a very ancient Indian village. At Tiahuanaco we saw,

near the track, from our car window, several well preserved monoliths which, according to some authorities, belonged to a preInca civilization. The whole country of these elevated valleys surrounded by the majestic Andes mountains, are so full of ruins and

remnants of ancient civilizations, that a traveler interested in antiquities could spend month after month in research work among them. The Book of Mormon student would have no trouble,

mentally, to associate all of it with the narratives contained in the sacred volume which Joseph Smith, the great Prophet of the Nineteenth Century, obtained through the administration of the Angel

Moroni.

Happiness

Though we cannot all be artists, We can bring some cheer and sunshine

Sculptors, poets, singers sweet. To the lonely, sick and sad.

And create those things of beauty In the scheme of life and action

Which cause hearts with joy to beat. Each one has his part to do;

Yet we all can do much good here, Just to find your place and fill it

Help to make some heart more glad, Will bring happiness to you.

Ethel R. Lillyvvhite

Dr. Franklin Stewart Harris, President of Brigham Young University, son of Dennison

Emer and Eunice Stewart Harris, has had a rich and varied life. It has consisted of pioneering

in Mexico and Canada, practical experience in business, farming, and ranching, but most of his effort has been devoted to educational and scientific pursuits. Educated in Juarez

Stake Academy, Brigham Young University, Utah Agricultural College, and Cornell University, he has been a member of the faculty of each of these institutions. He has served as an officer

in various national and local agricultural and scientific societies, and Church organizations. He

is the author of a large number of scientific contributions; and is the author of six books,

most of them on scientific subjects. He has been an extensive traveler, having recently circled

the earth in a trip of fortyseven thousand miles. With all of these many interests, Dr.

Harris has always had as his chief aim the service of his Church and people.

Education and Industry By Franklin S. Harris, President of Brigham Young

University story goes that a hen and an egg had a quarrel about whichTHEone was the more important. After the disagreement had

become acute, the hen turned to the egg and said, "Why, you little hardshelled, insignificant piece of protoplasm, what do you amount to anyway?"

To which the egg replied: "You multicelled batch of

feathered and cackling nothingness, what do you amount to! Have

you forgotten entirely that you yourself came from an egg, and that there would be no hens in the world if it were not for the eggs from which they are hatched?"

All the discussion in the world of this nature has not been able yet to decide which is the more important, or which came first, the hen or the egg. This is the type of dissension that is sometimes

heard between different phases of human relations. I personally

have scant patience with all this disagreement about which is more important, education or industry. Both are necessary phases of

society.

Neither industry nor education can say to the other, "I have no need of thee."Education needs industry; industry needs education. Either of these trying to go by itself is like a cart attempting

to get along with only one wheel; it is certain to be very lopsided.

It is natural for the workers in any line to become so interested in their own activities that they fail to recognize the importance of other branches. The broadminded, successful man, however, is always willing to give credit to others, and he realizes that his own

business or profession must inevitably be tied up with many other interests.

School teachers, as a class, have been said to be impractical and to be unsympathetic with industrial enterprises. While I think

this accusation is only true in part, still I am sure that school men generally would be very much benefited by closer contact with the practical affairs of life. Since they are teaching those who will

go into the various industries, they certainly should have a sympathetic interest in these industries and an understanding of their requirements in order that the youths whom they are training will be better able to meet practical problems with which they are to come in contact after school days are past.

286 IMPROVEMENT ERA

The school man must also know that the schools themselves are dependent on the products of industry. It would not be possible

to have a school very long if industry were at a standstill. It is

only when business prospers that there is sufficient wealth available for the highest type of educational activities which all progressive men would like to see established. The workers in education, therefore, need contacts with industry because they will be better in their

work of educating and also because no adequate educational system can ever be built up and equipped with the various modern educa-

*- 5 f **> &US'*\ *! v 1 \ #

Photos by W. P. Cottam

Top: Class of Normal Graduates who received life diplomas to teach in the state of Utah

at the 51st commencement exercises of Brigham Young University, held last June 1.

Below: Class of 1927—141 members, Brigham Young University, graduated at the 51st

commencement, June 1. The five with hoods, in the front row, received Master's degrees.

They are Clarence Cottam, St. George, major in zoology; Julia Bateman Jenson, Provo,

English; Owen L. Barnett, Provo, education; Wm. H. Wardell, Mammoth, education;

James William Harrison, St. George, botany; Henry A. Pace. Price, education,

EDUCATION AND INDUSTRY 287

tional devices unless there are available the funds which industrial enterprises yield.

The need which education has for contact with industries is no greater than the need which industry has for education. Has it

ever occurred to the reader that higher education is at the foundation of practically every modern business? You can scarcely name

an industry whose very life is not dependent on discoveries made in colleges and universities. The mechanical devices, such as go to

make up our automobiles, locomotives; our powergenerating machines, steam engines, gasoline engines, electric motors; all of these

things were made possible by the fundamental discoveries made by educated scientists. If we eliminate these, as well as the telephone,

the telegraph, the radio, then if we take away such important com- 'modities as steel, sugar, and other things which are 'dependent on the researches of the chemical laboratory, we have very little left.

We are likely to think of the work of universities and of research laboratories as being merely theoretical and having no practical value in daily life; but this type of reasoning is sure to lead us into trouble.

Those who are familiar with the history of science.will remember that when Willard Gibbs of Yale University read his paper

on the Phase Rule before the Connecticut Academy of Sciences, practical people generally considered that this highly mathematical treatise had only theoretical value and would never be of any practical importance. As a matter of fact, however, a great deal of our

modern industry has been able to develop as a result of this highly theoretical mathematical paper. It brought forward information

which has made possible complete reorganization of the steel manufacturing industry and many other industries which are dependent on chemical processes.

The beet sugar industry was developed directly by the work of scientific investigators. When Napoleon found himself hedged

in on the continent and unable to obtain sugar from the islands because of the British blockade, he at once put his scientists to work to develop a means of securing sugar from some local plant. As

a result of the work of plant breeders, physicists, chemists, and other investigators, the process was gradually developed for the improving of the sugar beet plant and for the successful extraction of sugar from it. I might go on for hours and enumerate examples of our

ordinary commodities having grown out of the fundamental discoveries made in the laboratories by educated people. These are

so well known that I need not dwell on them at this time.

If history is to repeat itself, the future of practically every industry is likely to be profoundly modified by what activities are in progress within the colleges and universities. The researches

EDUCATION AND INDUSTRY 289

of the laboratory will determine in large measure the trend of the mechanical industries in the future just as they have done in the past.

While there is still plenty of room for improvement, one of the great benefits which come to the industries from education is that of furnishing leaders or executives. A good man at the head of

an industry often means the difference between success and failure.

Now I am not going to attempt to say just what the educational systems do to prepare men and women to be executives, for the factors involved are so numerous that no one could properly comprehend them all. Such things as better training in clear thinking,

a broader point of view, clear understanding of fellowmen, and general improvement in social attitude, are among the benefits which every man receives from his education.

It matters not where you look today, you find that educated men are slowly but gradually assuming the leadership of the more important industries. Investigations made within recent years show

that more than half of the really great executives of America are college bred.

Almost all engineers and lawyers are college educated; fortyfive per cent of the executives in metal and rubber industries come

out of the colleges. Who's Who in America, which is probably

our best standard of judging eminent people, records that in 1924 and 1925 nearly sixty per cent of all the executives mentioned in that volume had received higher education. Sixtyfive per cent of

the bankers, sixtytwo per cent of the manufacturers, fiftynine per cent of the capitalists, fortyone per cent of railway officials, had received their training in colleges. These figures are all the more

striking when we realize that only five or six per cent of the total population were educated in colleges. There seems to be no doubt

from these figures that the directors of business find themselves more capable when their minds receive the benefits of higher education.

The selfmade man of pioneer days is not being supplanted with the selfmade man of today. Business is steadily being put on a

scientific basis, and the more this becomes true the more must the leaders have the training given in our higher educational institutions.

Industries, which will not live up to the spirit of the age will find themselves gradually forced to give way to those which do.

Apparently it is not altogether scientific information in a specific line of business which goes to make a successful business executive. Those who are given a thorough general education seem

to be able more rapidly to adjust themselves to whatever situation they are placed in than are those with a less thorough training.

The experience of the Great Western Sugar Company comes to mind as an illustration of this. College educated men (not

290 IMPROVEMENT ERA

necessarily graduates) rose to a position of foremanship in a little over three years; whereas, it required foremen with elementary education nearly eight years to attain this position. College men became

superintendents of the factories in a little over six years while the average elementary school man rquired almost fifteen years. Experience elsewhere teaches the same facts, that the higher the education

the quicker the rise to leadership, and the more exacting the higher positions, the more likely are the better educated men and women to be at the helm.

In manning your industries with men who are most likely to make the most of the situations about you, as well as in seeking the mechanical improvements already mentioned, the fact stands out that the greatest benefit will come to the industries if the youth is encouraged to continue schooling until they acquire as much as possible of the instruction and,the spirit which is gained from our educational institutions. The industries will continue to prosper

more and more as each of the executive positions is filled with men and women who have trained minds.

A confirmation of this tendency for productivity and prosperity to follow better education of prospective executives, is found in the way the increase in income of the United States has just about kept pace with the increase in the number of high school and college students. Income per individual was just about the same for the

years 1850 to 1870, prior to the beginning of the great enrollment of high school and college students in the latter part of the past century. The per capita income has increased three times since then,

and the increase just about kept pace with the increase in number of high school and college students.

Not only does a good educational system help to produce good executives, but it is a benefit to those doing the manual work. It is

a well demonstrated fact that productivity per man is greater among the educated than among the relatively uneducated countries. Production per capita in most industries is considerably higher in

America than in other countries. Northern European workers produce considerably more per man than southern and eastern ones

in the same occupations. The result of this is greater earning power

for the worker and therefore greater buying power, which is the key to industrial prosperity.

I have just returned from a year of travel throughout the

Orient and Europe, and there I had brought to my attention more forcefully than I have seen it before, the fact that efficiency in industry goes along very closely with the training of the individuals.

The nations that give attention to education are the prosperous ones, and those that neglect it are the ones which are nearest starvaEDUCATION AND INDUSTRY 291

lion. In Japan I found the spirit of education permeating every

phase of life, and as a result there was no real want in that country;

every one was busy, and people generally were in a prosperous condition. After the great earthquake and fire which destroyed

millions of dollars worth of property and many lives, the people were able rapidly to revive from the dreadful conditions in which they found themselves.

In China, on the other hand, I found very much want, and along with this I found that the spirit of education was very low.

In the city of Peking, for example, when I was there, just a year ago, all the schools of the city, as well as their university, were closed on account of lack of funds. The public funds were being used in

a civil war, and people did not seem to comprehend the importance of keeping the educational machinery going. At the theaters I found

many thousands of people; they had enough money for amusements. There also seemed to be enough for gambling to run rampant, but education was not supported. As a result, on every

hand there were evidences of want and actual suffering on the part of the people.

In India I found very low standards of living. There I found

also that education was held in very low repute. This, in spite

of the fact that England is gradually infusing into the people a desire for greater education. Relatively few of the people of India are able

even to read or write, and when it comes to the women the number is negligible. Only two per cent of the women can lay any claim

to anything at all in the shape of an education.

After going through all of these countries in Asia, as well as visiting Egypt and most of the countries of Europe, it seems perfectly obvious to me that it is impossible to build up a great national prosperity when most of the people are in ignorance. It

also seems very plain that where a large majority of the people are educated, and where technical information is found on every hand, a stable industry is sure to develop even in the face of relatively poor natural conditions.

This tendency for education to help men and women to be most effective in their work is due, not only to the better reasoning, better muscular coordination, and better powers of observation which modern schools strive to produce, but also to a better choice of occupation. Upto-date schools try to throw the spotlight of intelligent inquiry on the more important industries, thus helping the

student to see enough of the activities so he will not need to enter any field blindly. Where the education is continued past the first

years of high school, there are opened up various office, technical, and managerial positions. This gives the individual an opportunity

292 IMPROVEMENT ERA

to follow his natural inclinations, and consequently to work where he can make the best use of his abilities.

We find altogether too many misfits in the industrial world, and this tendency is much more marked among the uneducated than among those who are trained. We might expect this, since the latter

are not so often forced to follow uncongenial work; their possibilities

are greater, which gives them an opportunity to go where they will have the maximum returns for their efforts.

The question may arise in the minds of some about the value of elementary education. Those who remember the schools of

twenty or thirty years ago, and have not bothered to investigate the modern schools, are likely to underestimate what the elementary schools of today do for those who attend them. In the light of

modern investigations, however, there is excellent ground for saying that even manual laborers are the better for every year they attend school. One study which included several thousand ordinary

workers in factories indicated that the earning capacity steadily increased as the grades reached in school increased up to the seventh.

The increase was greatest between those who had only one year of elementary education and those who had none, and the added benefit for each additional year just about followed the curve of diminishing returns. Russian workmen's i relative wage was as

follows: No education, 1.00; 1 yr., 1.16; 2 yr., 1.29; 4 yr., 1.43;

5 yr., 1.48; 6 yr., 1.52; 7 yr., 1.54. These are averages of many

cases, and of course there might have been many exceptions to the rule. In fact most of us know of such exceptions, and tend to hold

them up as examples that the grade schooling of the past has not been cf much practical good.

The factory study mentioned included only students trained under the old methods. Those who are intimately in touch with the

modern schools know that there has been a radical change toward greater practical application of the subjects taught. The old arithmetic which dealt with abstract principles has been replaced by

one which deals with subjects having a direct application to daily life.

The fundamental facts of science which were formerly confined almost exclusively within the walls of universities are now almost as well known by youths in knee trousers as they were a generation ago by the average college graduate. When young men

and women with such knowledge enter the doors of your industrial concerns, you must expect to find at least some of them searching for better ways of accomplishing your work than you now have.

Where there has been the right spirit of cooperation between the schools and industries, such as has been the case in Gary, Indiana.

EDUCATION AND INDUSTRY 293

the young men and women often discover their natural inclinations in the industrial world and are able to specialize in the manual training schools so thoroughly that they are exceptionally well prepared to serve the industries before their compulsory school age is past.

A subject which is only recently receiving attention in the schools is that of disease and accident prevention. After an individual has had much of his vitality sapped by diseases, or has been

maimed for life through accidents, he often cannot exert himself as he should, and this hinders him from taking the part he should in the industrial world. Some such defectives can perform almost as

much as normal persons in some industrial positions, but it often happens that they are inefficient workers who are poorly paid, and consequently they are poor consumers, who tend to hold industry back. Statisticians tell us that our bill for preventable accidents

and diseases runs into billions of dollars.

Within comparatively recent times some of our schools have been laying considerable stress on this matter of accident and disease prevention, and in these schools much good has been done. But we

are still backward in this matter. European school systems have

been emphasizing health for many years and their children experience proportionately fewer accidents and avoid certain types of disease much better than do ours. In America a few of our more

forward cities, such as St. Louis, Detroit, and Cleveland, have by

emphasizing accident prevention in their schools reduced the number of accidents as much as seventy per cent in some cases.

Committees representing industry have frequently felt themselves called upon to beat down the cost of education to the lowest possible amount, thinking thereby that they are saving just as much money as they can squeeze out of education. This is certainly a

very shortsighted policy, because education cannot be considered as an expenditure apart from receipts; it is in reality an investment,

and probably the finest investment that can be made by any society.

When the costs of education are reduced too low, it becomes inevitable that there will be poor equipment, and that on account of the low salaries of teachers only those of inferior ability and those who are poorly trained will be attracted to the profession. Certainly any

business man can do no better than to give his children proper education, and the amount actually invested in this process is relatively small when compared with amusements and other expenditures which we all make.

Even apart from our own individual desires to have our children receive proper schooling, society in general must realize that the money invested in education will be returned to it many times in dollars and cents, The Maeser Memorial Building, Provo. Utah

Dr. Karl G. Maeser was born, January 16, 1828, in Meissen, Germany. This

beautiful building was erected some years ago as a fitting tribute to the great pioneer educator whose hundredth anniversary we celebrate. He died in Salt Lake City Utah,

February 16, 1901.

SPEEDING TRANSATLANTIC MAILS 295

One of the reasons for close cooperation between those engaged in industry and in education becomes evident when we consider those who are advancing in years. A person who is daily

engaged in education professionally as a teacher reaches a time when he is no longer capable of instructing the young in the best way and it becomes necessary for him to retire from this occupation.

]f he has been the kind of person who had kept himself apart from practical life, he finds himself at a loss to know what to take up, and as a result he may spend the latter years of his life in very poor financial conditions and decidedly unhappy. If during the time

of his school activity he took more interest in practical affairs, and if he were better acquainted with business, then at the time of his retirement from teaching he would adjust much more easily to the conditions in which he finds himself.

A similar situation may also be found on the part of the man who is engaged in practical industry. He finds himself later in life,

at a time when he wants to take things just a little easier, and having sufficient means to care for his needs the rest of his life, he desires to engage in some more intellectual pursuit. If he is not

educated and knows nothing of the literature of the world, and he is not able to get in touch with the streams of intellectual thought, and knows nothing except his own business, then he finds his latter years to be empty and miserable. The wise business man, therefore,

during all his business career, will interest himself in educational activities, so that when his time of retirement arrives he will be able to be among those who have many pleasant things to occupy each hour of the day. If he has {this ability, his later years should be

the happiest of his life, rather than being a burden to him.

His World

Man may be great within his broad expanse.

Or living may be dead—to nature dense.

His world in its extent of majesty

Is measured by his soulcapacity.

The lowsoul, feeling not the muse sublime.

Will crumble in his universe in time.

For who with brutelike gaze feels not, perhaps

Will see the walls of his small world collapse.

But he that loves to live, and lives to love,

Soars on and on to levels far above:

Such highsoul as it penetrates all space

Can hold the mighty universe in place.

Truth makes him free in one majestic wholeHe the "Invictus"—captain of his soul.

I.os Angeles O. F. URSENBACH

Top: Clarence Chamberlain's aeroplane on the runway built over the bridge of the

S. S. Leviathan, ready for the takeoff.

JSottom: A closeup view of Mr, Chamberlain making final adjustments.

Speeding TransAtlantic Mails By Claude C. Cornwall

Clarence Chamberlain was returning to America onWHILEthe Leviathan, after his flight across the Atlantic, he conceived a novel idea for mail transportation. What he had

in mind was a combination of ship and aeroplane to cut one day each way in transAtlantic mail delivery.

An experimental takeoff was successfully launched last August, about two hundred miles out from New York. A platform

about fifty feet long was constructed atop the Leviathan's bridge and a Wright Whirlwind Service Plane placed on this runway.

I stood among the expectant thousands of passengers and seamen, who were out on that rainy morning awaiting the famous "takeoff."Clarence Chamberlain was risking his life on an experiment. The great ocean liner was plowing along toward Europe

at slightly reduced speed. Two destroyers from the U. S. Navy

were, "standing by"to rescue the flier, if possible, in case of mishap.

The life boat crew stood ready.

Calmly this skillful pilot started his engine, mounted to the hecock pit, signaled the sailors to remove the wheel blocks—and

was off. Before the plane had reached the end of this short runway

he had "taken the air."He was about four feet above the platform

when he cleared the ship.

It was all done so easily we were spellbound. I stood on the

forward deck with Marcel Ullman, a Frenchman. He seized my

arm, "Beautiful! Beautiful!"he shouted. "Cheer, Cornwall, why

don't you cheer? Hurrah! Hurrah!"

By that time the plane was circling over the naval destroyers, (his protectors), like a swallow over the lake. Then he came over

the Leviathan again, with a downward swoop, close to the ocean's take our breath and give us a thrill of onsurface—to fright—then

to New York!

Now, the idea is that when these fast ocean liners leave Europe they will carry an aeroplane on a launching runway. When they

are within a few hundred miles of the New York shore the plane will takeoff and arrive a day ahead of the boat, carrying fast mail and, eventually, passengers.

Another experiment tried the past Summer was to drop a mail sack on the ship from a plane after it was a day out to sea. The

Navy plane which tried this was caught in a dense fog and couldn't 298 IMPROVEMENT ERA

locate the ship, so the project was abandoned. If this combination

becomes successful, mail may be transported across the Atlantic in three days.

Mrs. Clarence Chamberlain wishing her aviator husband success in his attempt to launch

his plane from a fast moving ocean liner.

Leveled Mountains

Can you build plans, and then see them all broken.

And yet not lose the will to build again?

Can you hold hopes, where love's the sacred token,

And when they've vanished, loving, smile through pain?

Can you still know, when dark clouds hide the sunshine.

That back, way back, the sun is still up there?

And that the Gods, who move the whole creation,

Are planning for your good, this winding stair?

Can you keep faith, though you can't see the future?

Can you still trust, when you think things are wrong?

Well, if you can, you will be oft rewarded;

And all your sighs will turn to cheerful song.

And by your faith your mountains will be leveled,

With doubt away your vision will be clear,

The clouds will ope to show the sun's bright shining

And God will straight the way with presence near.

Salt Lake. R. D. No. 2 LlNNIE FISHER ROBINSON

Black King By Mrs. E. T. Garner

A lone rider jogged out of the high pass Bar-X ranch and part of the range.

on Green Mountain, heading steadily westStraight west lay the small town of Komer;

ward. He looked closely at the trail and and beyond, as far as could be seen clearly,

patted his horse's neck. were rolling hills of grazing land. Far to

"No cattle have been on this trail, Bay the north arose a high range of mountains, boy, so I guess we've got them all back leading back to where he stood.

where they belong.""Guess I got them all back, all right:

Looking to the south, he saw a small but I wasn't sure,"he said to himself.

grove of trees, and bubbling in their midst "Now for home."

was a clear mountain spring. He turned He was soon at the spring and, after

Bay toward the spring and gave a sigh of taking a refreshing drink of the cold.

relief. He needed a little rest; and Bay crystal water, he bridled Bay, tightened

needed a drink and some of the grass surthe cinch, mounted and started down the rounding the spring. He dismounted, trail for home.

loosened the cinch, and took off the Leaning forward in the saddle, he urged bridle. his horse into a long, swinging gallop. The

"There, old top, have a drink and help ease with which he rode was evidence of yourself to the grass, while I look over the long days spent in the saddle. He seemed

country from that cliff."to be a part of the horse itself, taking every

Leaving Bay to graze, he started for the turn and twist of the trail in perfect harcliff. He wasn't positive about having all mony.

the cattle back inside his own fence line. Bay was a splendid saddle horse, from

He climbed steadily upward for several the white snip on his nose to the end of hundred yards and emerged on the summit his fine, flowing tail. His long, sloping

of the surrounding hills. Looking south, shoulders and short back, rounding hips,

he could see his own grazing land dotted and deep, wide chest, gave evidence of with cattle here and there. Some distance good breeding.

to the southwest were great trees surroundSplendid as Bay was. his rider was more

ing the ranch buildings; still farther on the perfect: his shoulders broad and straight:

300 IMPROVEMENT ERA

his wellproportioned head sat squarely on ways for you, mother. Now let's be off."

his shoulders, covered with dark, wavy The wedding feast at the Bar-X was in hair. His face beamed with the energy and honor of Mr. Child's daughter; and a

happiness of youth. He was1, indeed, stylish affair it was. The company had

physically strong. He could have been a enjoyed the feast, had exchanged expesplendid football player. riences, and stories, and were about to re-

"Bay, old boy, we are later in getting turn home, when the owner of the Bar-X home than we.should be; but we had to made this announcement: "All you fellow

mend that break in the fence and turn ranchers are heartily invited to attend the some of the escaped cattle back. Now we Bar-X roundup social."(Loud applause.)

must hurry, for mother will fie waiting "The time is only two months distant.

to go to that wedding feast at the Bar-X. What I wanted to tell you, especially, is

He had left home early that morning this: You all know that black outlaw

to ride the north fence line, expecting to roaming the Bar-X range. He has never

be back by noon, but the broken fence and been ridden, although several have tried straying cattle had delayed him. to ride him. As an attraction, I'll give

Thinking of his mother at home, his that horse and one hundred dollars to the mind wandered back to hisi father's death, man who can stay on his back two nearly three years before. Typhoid fever minutes."

had taken his father, leaving his mother, When ranchers had all started for home, and sister, May, age fourteen, and himself, except the Bowens, the Bar-X owner, in eighteen year old. Mr. Bowen left little bidding them goodbye, said to Ronald:

money, but a fine cattle ranch with several "Too bad you haven't a wild horse buster hundred cattle and no debts. Since then, on your ranch, because I'd like to see you

Ronald has been foreman, with his mother get that black horse."

as "chief adviser."She wanted him to "Maybe we have,"said Ronald, "who

hire a good man to help, but Ronald knows?"

wanted to cut down expenses so that his "Hired a man lately?"asked the Bar-X

sister, May, could attend high school that owner.

winter; hence, he was doing all the work "No, don't need one!"replied Ronald.

he could, alone. "Who is the rider, then, surely not

"We will have to hire a little help at you?"

roundup time,"he told his mother, "but, "Can't be anyone else; and I want to

until then, I think I can get along O. K."say, Your men have all used the wrong

So the extra man wasn't hired. method on that black horse."

On reaching home, May met him at the "What? Wrong method? Say, the

gate. "Ronald Bowen, where have you only way a man can stay on a horse is

been? Hurry, now, or we'll be late; you to drive in his spurs and grip with his

don't want folks saying we are always legs and apply the quirt."

behind like a 'cow's tail,'do you?"He "Horses won't stand for such abuse, and

soon cared for Bay and was telling his you know it. They will not buck willmother the cause of the delay. ingly unless they are made to do it,"said

"So, you see, I did the right thing by Ronald quite positively.

riding the north fence line this morning, "If you think you can win the black even if we are a little late for the feast at with that softglove method, you can try, the Bar-X,"he said. but I'll warn you, it won't work,"mut-

"I know, Ronald,"his mother said, tered the Bar-X owner.

"but you must not work too long or hard; The Bowens started homeward and

you are still young, and must take care of Ronald's mother asked him to forget about yourself."that black, as she didn't wish her only son

Ronald placed his arm about his mothhurt, riding wild, outlaw horses.

er's shoulders and, looking into her "He isn't an outlaw, mother,"extroubled eyes, said, "My first care is alplained Ronald, "he never has trompled a

BLACK KING 301

thrown rider. They drive in their spurs through the small willow bunches, and

and quirt him, and he simply won't let across the stream. On reaching the top

them ride him. He wouldn't be half so of an extra large knoll, he came unexdetermined to throw them, if they would pectedly upon a band of range horses.

be kind to him!"Their leader was none other than the

His mother thought of this for a momuch-longedfor Black. Seeing the rider,

ment and said, "I guess you are right. the Black gave a shrill whistle and headed

Ronald, and I know you can ride, but do straight for the stream and open country.

be careful."He was in the center of the stream, going

"And besides,"said Ronald, "if I can at a tremendous speed, when something ride that Black, we can use him to relieve directly in his path caused him to turn

Bay and the hundred dollars will help May suddenly and leap up stream with a long, at school."The subject was then dropped hurdling jump. He landed squarely in the

for the time being. center of a quicksand hole. His herd

Only one more week before the Bar-X turned and fled in every direction, desertround-up social! Ronald had been very ing their leader.

busy since he had talked with the Bar-X Instantly Ronald was on the ground owner. He had often thought of their and digging into his saddle bags for pliers

conversation, and was still determined to to cut the wire, knowing too well what try riding Black. How he longed to own would be the fate of the Black, who was

that proud animal! What a wonderful trying desperately to draw his feet from the

saddle horse he would be! Then, too, the sand hole. Ronald quickly cut the wires

hundred dollars would surely help. that separated him from the Black, and,

Riding along his west fence line, he mounting Bay, dashed madly to the stream, looked over part of the Bar-X range. It loosening his rope as he went. Reaching

was the largest ranch on the flat, and its the gradually sinking horse, he deftly owner was by far the wealthiest. Ronald's threw the rope around Black's neck,

course took him along a creek, which was and pulled his own horse backward on the just inside this range. He noted here and rope.

there where cattle had crossed, and where, "Steady, now, Bay. don't pull too hard

in other places, the quicksand lay in long at once: just steady. There now, he's

patches. In many places where no quickcoming, steady. Do your best now. Black

sand appeared, the cattle had worn a path King, if you want to get out of there 302 IMPROVEMENT ERA

before that rope cuts your wind off."running at full speed in that direction and,

As if he knew what Ronald was saying, dropping over the hill, was soon out of the Black began straining and pulling at sight.

his feet, which seemed to refuse to leave After mending the cut wires, Ronald the sucking quicksand. At first he seemed continued his ride along the west fence

to be doomed, but with the steady pull on line. As he rode he was wondering:

the rope, and with Black's increasing effort, Could the black be ridden? Would he

Ronald and Bay soon began hauling him forget the man who pulled him from an to safety. With a mighty effort, he gained awful death in the quicksand? Would he,

the firm bank with his forefeet and was Ronald, be able to bring him home from soon on hard ground, reeling and gasping the roundup? For the thousandth time,

for breath. he pictured himself on Black King, and

Leaving Bay to hold the Black from what a splendid saddle horse the animal fleeing, Ronald started gently along the would be.

rope toward the Black. It was a custom of the Bar-X, after each

Black King, seeing one of his enemies fall roundup, to have a big celebration.

coming, surged backward on the rope, but Wild steers were ridden; wild horses were

it would not give, so he eased forward brought on which men were to try their enough to keep from choking. Ronald riding skill; steers were roped and tied;

began talking kindly to him, and was soon races were run; and in the evening a

touching his fine nose; then his wide foretypical barbecue was held.

head; then his arching neck. The day for the roundup came, clear

"You are not going to be hurt, Black and bright, with just a hint of the apKing; take it easy. They have all treated proaching winter in the air. The ranchers

you meanly, and I don't blame you for were already arriving at the Bar-X, from throwing them off. I won't hurt you. many miles in every direction. Laughing

You can conclude that you and I will get and joking, they mingled together and enalong fine."Still patting his neck. Ronald joyed one another's company. Ronald, his

began loosening the rope with his left mother and sister, mingled with the crowd.

hand. The black, unable to determine Ronald was surprised by a slap on his

what kind of a man this was, patting him back, and, turning, faced the expert roper and talking with kind words, instead of from the Double-O ranch.

pulling and twisting his ears, began to "Going to try to beat you at the steer smell of him, then stepped forward, letroping and tying today, Ronald. Last year

ting the rope slacken. Still suspicious, you beat me by only a couple of seconds,

however, he sniffed danger! Something and I think I've gained some time now,

was wrong: no ear twisting; no blanket so if you're not in A-l shape, you're

over his eyes; no saddle cinched around doomed,"laughed the Double-O roper.

him! What did this man mean to do? "Go to it,"replied Ronald, "if I don't

Ronald, overjoyed at the way Black have any tough luck, I'll give you a run responded to his kindness, began leading for your money."

the horse toward Bay. After patting him Ronald was highly respected by the surseveral minutes and talking kindly to him, rounding ranchers, for his clean, square

he slipped the rope over his head and dealing, for his promptness and ability in turned him loose. Black King hesitated, taking his father's place and, last but not

he wasn't sure what to do; then, rememleast, for his roping ability. He had twice

bering his band of mates, he whirled and won in the steerroping and tying condashed for the open country, snorting as test and had shown great interest in clean he ran. Reaching a high hill, he paused, sports.

looked back at Ronald, raised his splendid The large crowd had been entertained head high in the air and gave a shrill for some time with horse races, steer ridwhinney. He was answered by his mates ing, relay races, and now came the steer

a long way to the south. Instantly he was roping and tying. Ronald was at the

BLACK KING 303

chute ( which had been erected for the seemed determined not to have that sadoccasion,) sitting on Bay with perfect ease. dle cinched on him; but there were too

There were five other ropers, ready to many men for him. He finally gave in.

participate in the event. The gates swung back, and Black King

"My day to haul,"came from the was free to do as he pleased with the rider.

Double-O roper, "never in better shape Spurs were gouging his shoulders and sides.

in my life, and never had a better hoss. With a terrific lunge he made several

It's now or never for me; how do you straight pitches; then suddenly whirled to

feel. Ronald?"the left, doubling up as much as possible.

"Fine as a fiddle,"replied Ronald. "I Several whirling lunges failed to loosen

wish'you luck."those biting spurs, and with a sudden

The Double-O roper grinned broadly change he went several jumps forward, and raked his horse with the spurs, as the pounding his hoofs into the earth with steers were turned out of the chute. When terrific force; then, letting his knees

the steers were several yards away, the double under him, he appeared to stick his signal came for the riders to start. head in the dirt and turn over. The rider,

Ronald leaned over Bay's neck and thinking to free himself from the horse, urged him ahead, loosening his rope as he (not wishing to be crushed), loosened charged. With one expert whirl over his the grip of his knees on the saddle and

head, the rope shot out and encircled the jerked his feet from the stirrups. Inrunning steer's horns. Bay turned sharply stantly the black stiffened his sagging knees,

to the right, and, setting his feet firmly and with a mighty effort whirled, throwin the ground, brought the 9teer to the ing his rider completely out of the saddle, ground with such force that he was moto land flat on his back. The uproar

mentarily stunned. Like a flash. Ronald from the crowd was tremendous.

sprang out of the saddle, and sprinted for "That let him out, I guess, eh, Bud?"

the steer. Seizing one forefoot, his hands remarked one.

fairly flew, tying the knot. As he reached "He told me he had an early fall comfor the hind foot, the steer kicked, and he ing,"cried another.

missed. Seconds were passing, desperately Black was roped and brought back

he grabbed the hind leg and tied the rope; for number two to try his luck.

instantly throwing both hands in the air. "Ronald Bowen will now try to ride

"Bang,"went the gun. Ronald again this black devil,"came from the anchampion steer roper and tier, by a few nouncer.

seconds. The crowd thundered tremendous Several men started forward to help

applause when the judges announced the Ronald mount the horse.

winner. "Just a moment, fellows,"said Ronald,

Bucking horses came next. Some of them "I want to handle this horse myself. If I

succeeded in throwing their riders; some can't manage him, I'll call for your help."

didn't try to buck; but most of them were Taking hold of the rope, he walked

determined to get rid of their riders. In quietly up to Black King, talking kindly

all. the interest was intense. to him the while. He reached Black King's

From the temporary judge's and annose and patted it gently.

nouncer's stand came the voice of the "Better let us help you,"called one

Bar-X owner: "The last event of our man, but Ronald gently shook his head.

sports today will be the attempt to ride Patting the fine, sweating nose of the the black outlaw. The man who rides horse, Ronald talked quietly to him, patthis horse for two minutes, is to own the ted and stroked his shining neck. The

horse and get one hundred dollars, as stated horse sniffed, waited, and sniffed again.

before. The first rider is from the TriThis man was different, all kindness, no

angle ranch."twisting or beating: then the horse seemed

The black horse was in the chute, where to remember the quicksand. At any rate,

he wa9 saddled with great difficulty. He he stepped forward, quit pulling at the

304 IMPROVEMENT ERA

rope, and when Ronald stepped around to tly; instantly he dropped his head and

his side he just stood and sniffed at his arched his back, still no spurs or quirt.

back. With a terrible lunge, he bolted forward

Ronald was secretly praying that the preparing to throw his rider, just waiting horse would remember him. Trusting still for the quirt and spurs to strike. Still no

in kindness, he put his foot in the stirrup spurs digging his sides. He whirled sudand eased himself into the saddle. Reachdenly about and when the spurs and quirt

ing out, he slipped the rope over Black failed to strike, he started off at a long

King's head. The horse hadn't moved. swinging run, straightening his back, and

"Goad him, boy, goad him,"screamed raising his head as he ran.

the crowd; but Ronald only smiled and After a short run, Ronald succeeded in

pulled up on the hackamore. getting him turned, and started back for

Time was going, already forty seconds the crowd. He dismounted near the

had gone by, and Black King stood perjudges'stand, and Black King, blowing a fectly still. long shrill blast, was led quietly forward.

"Well, don't be a quitter there, jab "You win,"called the Bar-X owner.

those spurs into him,"some one yelled. "I guess you are right about the wrong

Then there was a gasp. Ronald's boots method being used, but it takes some

were spurless! He had a poor chance ridnerve to straddle a cyclone like that with

ing that cyclone, with only his knees to no spurs!"

hold him on. Ronald only smiled—he had proved the

Ronald urged Black King forward genpower of kindness!

Rupert, Idaho, R. 2.

When We Wake Up By John Henry Evans

It was only a bit of conversation, about a general condition of insecurity of snatched in the passing, but it was luminproperty and life in this country.

ous as a sudden flash of lightning on a This waking up process is going on dark night, showing the road ahead. more and more in every part of America.

"I don't feel just right about it,"one The skofflaw, whether he sells or buys of the men was saying to the other. "It's poison liquor, is now having his day. But

all very sordid, even when the stuff isn't the sun is setting slowly on that day.

poison.America—IWe'redon'theadedknow forwhat.somethingAnd soin Hewhiskey.has boughtHe hasandat thesoldsamemoretimethanbarteredbad

I've decided to cut it out!"away law and Constitutional government.

The other acquiesced. He has unleashed the dogs of theft, of

Well dressed men, they were, business bribery, of perjury, of lawlessness. Andmen apparently with a good education. the result of all this is becoming more and

But, like too many others in their class, more apparent to all decent citizens.

they had resented what they looked upon as an infringement of their personal libAnd when such persons, who really have erty, and so had patronized the bootlegthe welfare of their country at heart, begin ger in protest. And now their eyes were to think their way into the heart of the

opened to the fact that all along they had question, things will be brought to rights been helping the lawless element to bring again in our own United States.

Essays Rural Treasures By Dorothy C. Retsloff

The happiest people are those who live than that for the farm individual. Time

close to nature; and where can one live in the crowded mart speeds like the revolucloser to nature than on a farm? tions of an automobile engine.

In order to develop, humans must have It becomes a tragedy when one stands freedom and live simply, the freedom of apart and watches the speed with which life in rural communities cannot be overmost city dwellers endeavor to make life estimated. one immense race course. They put

The city dweller employs all his time wheels under their feet to make daylight in earning money to buy the same luxuries hours fly; they jazz away the nights that

that his wealthy neighbor buys. Most God made dark to heal the wounds that

of his evenings are spent in crowded day makes on heart and soul.

theatres or in overheated rooms at various The city, with its skyscrapers, its treesocial functions, for he must entertain and bordered boulevards, its electric lights, its be entertained. He has no time to enjoy attractive shop windows, is a thing to be

the chirp of the cricket; he does not know admired, but how much more wonderful is

the delights derived from listening to the the big golden moon rising over fields of music of the wind in the tree tops. corn and wheat? Nothing can be more

The peace and quiet of the country beautiful than a stretch of meadow where can only be appreciated by spending a sleek contented cows graze; no scene can

few nights in the city where the street surpass rolling hills draped with the soft, cars wail; where trucks rattle and bang purple veils of evening and never can city

along the pavements; where midnight air equal the sweetness that comes with the

revellers shout. odor of new mown hay.

Rural folks work hard during the dayThose who own a few acres of Mother light hours, but night brings its reward in Earth's breast, whether surrounded by quiet, unbroken, restful slumber. The reverend hills, set in a hidden valley, or

days may seem long but a peacefulness perched on a sunbrowned mesa, should permeates them that is utterly lacking in realize that they are among the fortunates;

the bustle of the city. The average span that they know to the fullest extent the

of life for the city dweller is much shorter meaning of the word "Freedom."

San Diego, California

Scout Work and the Boy By H. Eugene Hughes

You are now at the age when boys spired good men to bring forth the wonshould begin to put into use the urges, derful principles of scouting.

desires, and energy that the Lord has He knew if boys were taught in ways blessed you with. Every boy should be that appealed to them, they would respond

grateful for these blessings, and desire to in the development of character.

develop the urges and desires, and put the Scouting teaches that a boy should not energy into service in helping someone use tea, coffee, tobacco or strong drink, as else. The Lord could see the necessity of these are the tools of satan in deceiving

meeting this condition in boys, so he inboys into thinking that they arc stimulated 306 IMPROVEMENT ERA

to greater action, when, in fact, they are its dividends in enlightenment and indestroying important cells of the body telligence; its good works are recorded

which in time will so weaken their reupon books entitled, More Boys Becoming sistance that greater sins creep in. Better Men; its balance sheets show a credit

Thus the reasons for scout principles, of benefits.

that he may become physically strong, When a scout is working out his tests mentally awake, and morally straight. and gaining information that entitles him

His thoughts, his mind and vision, are to merit badges, he comes in contact with clean, clear and farreaching; his body is many trades and professions, giving him a

clean and pure, allowing the spirit within better chance to choose the vocation he is a chance to develop and give expression. best adapted for, to receive the most beneIn scouting, the boy is brought closer to fit to himself and helpfulness to others.

nature, and the workings of the same, A boy reminds me of a first class radio learning that the hand of God is there, set. He is a bunch of live wires, a macausing him to have greater love, reverchine charged with power to respond to

ence and respect for the Lord and his the conditions of life. If understood and

righteous purposes. This should be an in- "tuned in"right, he will overcome the

centive for any boy to join scouting. static conditions of life, so as to meet the

Through scout training he obtains a tempests and storms that try to destroy love of country, with a desire to prepare his efficiency. Scouting is a means to this

himself so that some day he will be qualiend. It helps boys to "tune in"right and

fied to help direct it in a way, that peace to receive the good things broadcasted over and happiness may be obtained for manradio station B. S. A. Every scout meetkind. ing is a pleasure, and an aid to help boys

He becomes brave, honest, thrifty, cheerdo good.

ful, friendly and helpful. Scouting is a "Good Turn"for the betHe must be prepared at all times to terment of the boy and the happiness of

render service. others. Let's join now and qualify for

Scouting is a work of service which pays this great work.

Spanish Fork, Utah

Apostrophe to the Ocean By Prof. J. E. Hickman

O sad and ceaseless Ocean, I stand on You hold mysteries which time nor your your shore and look out on your restless cavernous voices have ever revealed.

breast with unspeakable awe. You seem I know not your age, nor have you

to be ever coming from without the inanswered the quest of the scientist. I read

finite. As I watch I feel you are bringyour tracks on my shore, yet they do not

ing to shore some truth—some mystery reveal to me how long you have walked

from the weird unknown. But when you on the sands of the past.

reach my feet there is no answer from At times you moan and roar. Are you

your liquid lips. You give no hint of the sad? Again at times you purr at my feet

hidden past. You tell me not of the dead as if you would be companion to me. Are

you claimed eternities ago. Where are your briny deeps the hearts of sorrowful

they whom you engulfed in recent decade? women? Are you regretful over the deeds

You lap the shore and purr at my feet of fury you have done? Do you rememwhen you are in pleasant mood, but to my ber those you denied fresh water and let

yearning inquiry you are unmindful. Will them die of thirst? Do you moan for

you forever pay no heed to my heartthese?

aching longings, turning me away empty? Like a charming maiden with your

ESSAYS 307

matchless wiles you have lured to your soul speaks to soul. And after this speechbosom gallant sons from many lands; they less communion she returns to her home

have made their beds upon your restless consoled and satisfied, as if she had heard waves. They sang of your glory and from the lips of him whom she loves and

forgot the ties of home. You have danced yet doubts. How charming you are, and

with entrancing grace upon every strand, yet how deceitful! How loving, and yet

till their sons have left father, mother, at times furious! How charming and yet

sister, brother, all for thee. how repellant. Such a universal teacher, and

O Ocean Old, though as young as you yet forever withholding hidden mysteries.

were when you played upon earth's restYour depths are dumb. In your love and

less beach in creation's morn. What philfury, are you trying to teach us that death

osopher have you not taught! What scienis grander than life, and that immortality

tist have you not thrilled! You have is more sublime than nature's charms?

wooed with your charm artists and poets As I stand upon your shore you seem and thrilled them with exalted imagery. to be incessantly hurrying, running and

From your limped lips you sang their souls tumbling upon the sands of the beach.

in tune with the infinite; for you suggest Are you longing to be free? You come

eternity and symbolize immortality. with rapid pace as if glad to reach the

You have called earth's children from shore. You seem very happy just to

afar to come and dwell with you that you spread out your liquid hands and arms on may not be sad and restless. But when the smooth, sandy beach. And then you

they nestled upon your shores you came quietly return, thrilled and charmed a9 if upon them with mad fury, as if angry you had felt the caress of your earthlover.

because of their trust; you have, with Then, decoyingly, your waters slink back

titanic rage, destroyed their homes and into the deep to await their turn in the drowned those who came to you. Do you ceaseless charm of the shore's warm caresses.

possess the spirit of the Demon and yet You are forever mourning, forever the Divine? You sent the cold winds of pleading, forever revealing, forever hiding

November and chilled and killed sweet wordless mysteries. You are forever wailAnabel Lee. Have you no pity upon ining as if speaking for the dead; forever

fant or maiden? You speak to all in the with contradicting moods; forever loved,

language of creation's morn, yet every naforever feared, forever treacherous. You

tion hears you in its own tongue. With are the enigma of the ages. Is that why

Pentecostal enlightenment you speak all God said to you, "Thus far and no languages. Why then do you destroy farther?"Yet you have faithfully listened

those you woo? You are kind to those to his ambassadors. Their prayers have proengendered in your own watery pallet duced the hush of storm upon your heavthose born in your own bosom. Are you ing breast, and you have borne them to

jealous of those of foreign birth? Do you foreign lands and returned them again to

entice to kill? And yet, millions love you. their homes and loved ones.

You lave the,seabreathing children and Now, adieu; for my steps lead me far

give them health and lap their feet with from you. When the command comes for

cooling waters. you to give up your dead I shall stand

When the maiden sits upon your shore, again upon your shore.

Logan, Utah

Understanding You never told your love to me. Though lips be mute, and manner shy.

Where was the need? When touch of hand

When hearts speak understandingly, Makes hearts to throb tumultuously.

What use to plead? We understand.

Han Jose. California Alice Maude Schutte

The Answer

By Heloise Day Merkley A OneAct Play of the First Christmas in America

Characters Nephi the Prophet. Fifth in direct line from Alma. He wears the priestly vestments of Israel.

The robe makes him look tall, but not so tall as the soldier.

Cidgiddoni, the Nephite Captain. He is very tall and his helmet and armour emphasizes his

height and strength.

Velma, the younger sister of Nephi. She is dressed in a light colored gown and wears her

hair in long braids.

Voice of Comfort. It is strong and clear and sweet.

Singers without, who chant a chorus of praise to the new born Christ.

Scene The garden of the Prophet Nephi in Zarahemla at sunset on the eve of the birth of Christ.

There is a carved stoneseat on the right and trees, shrubs, and flowers all about.

The light of the setting sun streams brightly across the stage from the right side, casting long, purple shadows and touching the foliage with gold. At the last this golden light disappears, but the stage only becomes brighter. It is lighted then with a brilliant white radiance,

which, during Nephi's prayer, blends with the vanishing sunlight, dispelling all shadows; and

then replaces it, from the left.

As the curtain rises, Velma is discovered, seated despondently. Nephi enters from the

left and comes to her.

Nephi (Sympathetically):

Sweet sister, do you weep for fear of death

Which unbelievers threaten to us all

Because we look in faith for signs of Christ?

Or is it something personal to you

Which brings these tears to mar your loveliness?

Velma: Oh, Nephi, I can never hide from you

The secrets of my mind. Yes, fear of death

Is like a heavy cloud upon my heart;

But worse than that—like lightning's searing flame

Is knowledge that the man who holds my heart,

Whether I will or no, within his hands,

Aligned with unbelievers on the morrow. (She weeps.) Will lead the soldiers who perform the deed—

Nephi: I did not know you loved! Your lover—but

He is an unbeliever? Soldier, too?

Velma His name is Gidgiddoni—called the Brave.

(Gidgiddoni enters from the Right seeking them.)

Nephi: That captain who so bravely led our men

Against the Gadianton robbers bold?

Velma Yes, Nephi, that same captain, Gidgiddoni.

Gidgiddoni:

You speak of me, fair Velma, so I trust

THE ANSWER 309

Your voice makes welcome to the prophet's ear

A name which he might otherwise despise,

Since priests and soldiers seldom see alike.

Your servants, Nephi, told me you were here

And I desired to talk with you alone,

So sought you boldly, unannounced, because

My mission must be secret or 'tis vain.

Velma (Rising):

A secret mission? I shall leave you, then.

Gtdgiddoni:

No, stay! Secret to enemies-—not friends.

Nephi: Speak, Gidgiddoni. Why have you sought me?

Gidgiddoni:

Five years have passed since one called Samuel,

A Lamanitc. who preached of Christ to come

star Foretold a sign—no darkness—a new The night to be like day—when Christ is born.

In five years 'twas to come. Five years in vain

Have Christians watched for it. Their enemies

Decree the death of all who still believe.

Tomorrow is the fatal day to all

Who look for Christ. Am I not right, my friend'

Nephi: 'Tis true. Then why do you, rejecting Christ,

Seek me, who worship him. thus secretly?

Gidgiddoni:

I come to prove myself your friend, this night.

I am a soldier, yet I love not death

Of such a wanton, wholesale, useless sort.

I care not whether Christ shall come or no,

Yet I cannot endure this massacre

Of men and women, even helpless babes,

Decreed upon the morrow through our land.

My company of soldiers, loyal, brave,

Will follow me in anything. Tonight

If you desire our aid, gather your friends.

The priests and lesser prophets of your faith

And all you love, within these sheltering walls.

Then, when the bloody dawn appears, I'll bring

The bravest men in all the land to you

And here we'll keep you safe to preach anew will. The gospel of your Christ—or what you

Nephi: I thank you, Gidgiddoni. You arc kind

And generous, and truly brave I know.

The aid you offer, if I sought man's aid

Could not in Zarahemla be surpassed.

Yet, in this crisis none but God can help.

Gidgiddoni:

But does not God use men as instruments?

Perhaps he sends me as the aid you need.

>10 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Nephi: Had you a means of saving every soul

Who looks for Christ to come, I might suppose

That God had sent you. But since you propose

To save but few, I think you are too weak

To represent his will on this sad day.

Velma Gidgiddoni, is there not some way

That you can save us all—not just a few?

Gidgiddoni (Sadly):

1 know not how—unless perhaps—The men

Whom I can always trust implicitly

Are few in I do believe, number—yet Nephi, if you will go with me tonight,

With them behind me, every sword in hand,

We may surprise the judges of the nation

Assembled to consult on high affairs.

They trust me fully. Every man of mine

Will be instructed to approach one judge

And on my signal threaten all with death,

Unless a proclamation be sent forth

By swiftest messengers throughout the land

Declaring that no Christian may be slain

Although the sign of Christ should never come.

Velma Oh, Gidgiddoni, here is hope indeed!

(A pause.) But Nephi, brother, why are you so sad?

Do you not realize what he suggests?

He gives us hope of life, not just for us

But all believers, every soul may live!

Yet you are silent! Why do you not speak?

Nephi (Sadly):

He offers hope indeed—a hope in man.

But what can man perform, ignoring God?

Dees God need such weak instruments on earth

When all the hosts of Heaven obey his will?

A slender thread of hope this soldier brings.

But men's plans fail in unexpected ways.

God never fails. Our God can send the sign

And save us all without the help of man.

Resist not evil. Faith our buckler is.

If I the Priest and Prophet have no faith

Where then is faith upon the whole great land?

If I must trust to man instead of God

Then why should any trust a Higher Power?

My hope for life I place in God. I go

To seek his mercy, ask his will—to pray. (Exit Nephi.)

Gidgiddoni (As Velma gazes silently after Nephi):

Sweet Velma, fairest of the fair, my love

Has long been known to you. You bade me wait.

Your answer I have waited long. How long

Only a lover knows, who counts the days

THE ANSWER 3 1 1

As years, each hour a month of agony.

Now drawn to heaven by an eager hope

Now feeling hells of doubt in long suspense.

You know it was my love for you, dear heart.

Which sent me here to offer him my sword.

Like a fanatic, he rejects my aid,

For faith in the unreasonable dream

Of Christ to come unto a far off land

A land tradition only tells about.

A land unknown to any living man.

The sign of Him a star, a daybright night,

But if He comes or if He does not come

What matters it to us who see Him not?

Velma: Have you forgotten how, five years ago,

As boy and girl together, proud and gay,

Because you'd won a prize for marksmanship,

Returning happy to the city here,

We paused to listen to the Lamanite?

Gidgiddoni:

No, Velma. I have not forgotten that.

He stood upon the wall and told strange things.

I half believed, I think, the things he said,

Until they tried to stone him, but could not

I set an arrow to my bow, and half in sport

Aimed it directly at his heart, and missed.

Velma: Yet not three hours before you took the prize best in all the land. For marksmanship—the

Gidgiddoni:

I thought the sun was in my eyes. I moved

To get a better angle—tried again

Velma: And failed again and yet again, as all

Have failed who strove against the men

Who preach to us of Christ and in His name

Perform the miracles we've often seen.

Gidgiddoni:

Or do they not, as some have said to me

By evil power work these mysteries

We cannot understand; so keeping us

Subjected to their will through ignorance?

Velma: Oh, Gidgiddoni. can you not believe?

Gidgiddoni:

I cannot understand these mysteries.

But this I know, sweet Velma—I love you

And you are Christian. This I als-o know.

That if a certain star, a certain light

More marvelous than man has even seen,

Appear not in the heaven this very night.

All Christians die tomorrow by the sword.

The sun is sinking. Nothing has occurred

312 IMPROVEMENT ERA

This day to indicate a difference

Between this day and any other day.

The time is short. Your brother scorns my aid.

Come, sweetheart, fly with me to life and love.

Forget the signs and miracles, and tales

That prophets tell Velma I never could forget.

Gidgiddoni (Taking her gently in his arms):

But I will tell you wond'rous tales of love.

I'll take you where the Gadiantons were

High on the mountainsides, where waterfalls.

Eternal snows, fair flowers, and luscious fruits

Can all be found within a day's short climb.

I'll build a bower where our love shall live

Where not a care or fear can follow us.

Come Velma, come with me and live for love!

Velma (Slowly yielding) I am so weary of anxiety.

I've loved you long. I've prayed so hard that you

Might see the truth, accept the Christ and give it all in vain? Your life to serve Him—is Can you not see as I see—ever—dear?

Gidgiddoni (Gaily):

You little preacher—can't you speak of love

Without religion in the selfsame breath?

The child of back Prophets—generations

Perhaps you I love you so, cannot—yet That if you'll fly with me, I'll hush my tales

Of love, to listen to our tales of faith

Velma (Reproachfully):

Oh, Gidgiddoni, can you jest tonight

When doom is hanging o'er so many souls?

Gidgiddoni:

You said you loved me. How can I be sad?

Come, fly with me and death will miss one sweet!

Velma I love you, Gidgiddoni. But I love

My brothers, friends, these Christians who must die,

Unless the sign comes of the birth of Christ.

I cannot leave them dying, and be happy.

Gidgiddoni:

You say you love you will not fly? me—yet

Velma I say I love you, yet I will not fly!

Gidgiddoni (Loosing his arms):

You'd rather die for Christ than live for me?

Velma (Turning toward the left and looking upward):

I may not die. The sign may come tonight.

Gidgiddoni:

Oh, stubbornness! Oh, blind unreasoning faith!

Why must I love her so? I'll try once more.

Sweet Velma! Listen! Will you promise this?

THE ANSWER 313

When darkness follows on this sinking sun,

When no more hope is left—no star appears

Except the stars that shine forth every night,

Will you in quiet and with secrecy

Gather such Christian friends as wish to live

And meet me just outside the city gate?

We'll take your friends unto a secret place

Among the mountains. Bring the records, too,

That Christians hold so dear—and we will be

A Christian colony, till we dare come shall faith be served And preach to others—so

And some few Christians saved this threatened death.

Will you do this, O Velma, not for me

But for the faith you seem to love so much?

love. Look now, the sun is setting—Speak, my

(Nephi reenters. Velma hesitates to answer Gidgiddoni, watching Nephi.

He ignores them, comes forward, lifts his arms and prays):

Nephi: O Mighty Father! Answer Thou my plea!

All day I've prayed! Oh, hear me! Answer now!

Thou art allpowerful! In Thy great name

The prophets have performed great miracles.

They told us of the Christ. They promised us

A wondrous sign when He should come to earth.

In this tradition has our faith grown strong.

We are about to be destroyed for it!

Only this night between us> and our fate!

Oh, hear my prayers! Oh, save these faithful ones!

Send Thou the sign, the star, the glorious light!

That we may live and praise Thee evermore!

Heavenly Father, send the sign of Christ!

(Nephi sinks to his knees. Gidgiddoni and Velma watch and listen.)

Voice of Comfort (Strong and clear and sweet. Soft music sounds with it.)

Lift up your head, be of good cheer, for lo.

The time's at hand, this night the sign is given,

And on the morn come I into the world.

To show unto the world that I fulfil

All that which I have bade my prophets speak.

1 come unto my own, fulfil all things

Which I've made known unto the sons of men

From the foundation of the world. I do

The will both of the Father and the Son

The will of the Father because of me;

The will of the Son because of my flesh.

Behold, O Nephi, the time is at hand

And this night the sign shall be given!

Nephi (Rising to his feet, points toward the right, where the golden sunset light vanishes; then turns toward the left, whence comes the white

flood of brilliance):

The sun is set, and yet the day is bright!

No darkness comes! Behold a wondrous star!

The sign of life! The sign of Christ appears!

(He extends both arms toward the star as if praying.)

314 IMPROVEMENT ERA

GidgiJJoni- (After following Nephi's gestures with his eyes):

The sign of Christ! The Light! The wondrous star!

The sun has set and yet no darkness comes!

is me! The Christians live! But woe—ah, woe

This darkness of the night within my mind!

This bitterness of death within my soul!

My hard heart would not yield unto the faith!

My dim eyes would not look upon the truth!

My stiff neck would not bend unto the Christ!

Ah! Woe unto my proud unyielding soul!

The sign is given! The son of God is born!

[He prostrates himself.)

O Christ, forgive me now, I bow to thee,

O Son of God, redeem me from my sins!

Velma (Kneeling besidje him, one hand on his head, the other pointing toward the star):

At last we see the truth together, love!

The light of Christ has touched you, heart of mine!

O Savior! Unto Thee I give my praise!

With Faith and Love united, Joy is mine!

(All hold the pose while outside the chorus of voices chants a hymn of praise unto the! newborn Christ. The curtain slowly falls. It rises again to show Nephi still

pointing toward the star, while Gidgiddoni, his helmet lying at his feet and his star—thehead bare, whitestandsradiancewith hisshmingarm abouton allVelma,their faces.)and both gaze joyously toward the

THE STAR OF CHRIST (Sung by chorus without. Tune: High on the Mountain TopA

High in the Heavens above, the star of Christ appears.

The sign of peace and love to banish all our fears.

The wondrous light so bright proclaims the Savior's birth.

The dawn of gospel light through all the earth.

Rejoice, believers, all rejoice and praise Him now.

The powers of evil fall, to him the earth must bow!

The son of God enthrone., the star proclaims his birth!

He brings unto his own, true Peace on Earth!!

Rexburg. Idaho.

Historical Illustrations

Top: Niagara Falls. Center: Logan Square chapel, Chicago, fronting left: to the

right, the mission office, and the mission home. Bottom: Rachel Grant Taylor,

President S. O. Bennion, and Sisters Squires and Bennion standing on the cornerstone of the Far West templesite, which was laid April 26, 1839, and about which there

is a remarkable story. See Doc. and Cov. 115:6-12; 124:4954; History of the Church.

vol. Ill, pp. 336340. It would serve as a good subject for an exercise in the Y. M.

M. I. A.

These scenes were recently photographed by President John H. Taylor. Many of our

readers will remember him as Church Scout Leader before he was appointed to the presidency of the Northern States mission, a position be now occupies.

A Rough Road to College By M. Thirl Marsh

Russel Brcmond was a lad of unusual countenances of a pair of lifetime character, his life thus far had been quite friends exemplary and he had gained the confi- "But Russ, don't you see how it will dence and respect of all who knew him. He ruin our plans for college this Fall?"

had always been a firm believer in the so- "I told you I was 'pullin'my stakes called "Mormon"Church and the training tomorrow. Anyway, Jim, what's the use?

which he had received in its many auxiliLook at old Tom Benchley down there, aries had proved his greatest asset. His the richest old man in seven states and he

activity in the home ward, too, had played never went to school a day in his life."

its part in identifying his distinction. Russ'answer came as an excuse, and he

But since he had been working for the knew the fallacy of such reasoning.

railroad company things 1 had seemingly Jim Warner's inducements had always changed. His fellowworkmen were of a been encouraging and generally brought a

very careless and unprincipled type. If favorable reaction; in fact, it was this thing

any spiritual or moral training had been which had made Russel Bremond's hardgiven them, it could not be observed. They earned high school career seem worth while.

were continually slurring, reviling and For the first time Jim's words seemed making light of the "Mormon"sissy. empty and carried little weight.

Working in such an environment had "I'll see you in the morning before I sprouted the longwithered seeds of disleave, Jim,"said Russel, leaving his comcouragement which grew into hatred even panion sitting on the lawn in front of the against his Church, and now Russel Brerailroad office, where both had just remond's feeling of discomfort caused him ceived their paychecks.

to have a disregard for the boyhood plans As Jim sat gazing at the setting sun, hiswhich he and Jim Warner had made and thoughts came in reality with the many to which they had become so endeared. colors which seemed to be so inseparably

He and Jim had grown up as pals and had blended together in the west, just as had graduated from the South Park high school been the lives and many experiences oftogether. The day following the comhimself and Russel Bremond. He remencement exercises, held at the high gretted that his old pal was leaving him.

school auditorium where they were but his ideals were set on the day when awarded their diplomas, they left to seek he would receive his degree at the uniemployment which would enable them to versity. He had hoped they might carry

enter college in the Fall. out their longcherished plans together.

At the railroad company's office, Jim Russel's last night in the old bunk was given a job, but, unfortunately, there house was a long one. Midnight found

was only one such position open and conhim still sleeplessly rolling about on his sequently Russel had to be contented for cot. It seemed that his whole life's histhe present with a job on the construction tory had been filmed before him, and he

gang. As a result Jim had escaped the admitted in a half whisper that Jim was

undesirable factions accompanying the job his inward superior and was a leader among of his companion. To Russel each day his mates, just as he himself had been beseemed but coals added to the fire of desfore that cruel epidemic (influenza) had

pondency. taken both father and mother in the same

Payday arrived, but with it came a week and left him with a heartless uncle.

shadow which darkened the usual smiling His parents were both active members of

A ROUGH ROAD TO COLLEGE 317

the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday seriously of that great Being to whom he

Saints, and a wonderful couple. He rehad often prayed in his younger life: the

membered how their affection had enGod who had comforted him in times of wrapped him. The kisses of his mother distress: had assisted him in his acts of

seemed as fresh on his lips as when she righteousness, and had been his heart's had sent him off to Primary. Sunday companion when confronted with those

school, and finally to the district school. neverto-beforgotten boyhood problems

And his father's every act seemed to thrill which then seemed almost insurmountable and inspire him with the hope that some hills of failure and defeat. "Yes—and He

still lives and will always be ready to day he would be like his father. He well—

remembered his fight with Jim Warner, a help fiftyfifty."

newcomer at school, who now seemed more The shrill whistle of a train replaced in than a friend, more like an older brother, his mind other thoughts, and told him he he imagined. must quicken his step, for the station was

How he had cheered his parents that still almost a quarter of a mile ahead.

night (now seven years past) with the Russel bought his ticket to Silvcrton.

news that he had been chosen president of where he would visit Frank Hearne, his the deacon's quorum and elected leader of cousin, and then go on to California, where the eagle patrol in the special scout meethe hoped to work no more than enough ing called immediately after priesthood to sustain himself and enjoy a few of the meeting. pleasures afforded by the California he

And then that awful time when venhad read about.

geance came under the name of influenza Aboard the train, he found the soft and made its attack. plush cushions much more comfortable

"And Jim bravely helped me bear it all, than the wooden benches of the old bunk and now I am shattering the plans we house. But this rendered ease only to his

held so dear,"Russ was thinking. body, his mind was crowded with quesMorning found Russel Bremond caretions for which there seemed no answers.

lessly weighing out his last bits of conHe took another seat. and. glancing out

sideration. The thought of going to work of the window, he saw the hot, sandy

that morning brought back more recent desert sparsely decked here and there with memories of the old grind, and seemed to bits of shrubbery; a vivid picture often

chill his whole body. After a disgusting described in western stories. But it was

look out of the window at the large, halftoo lonely, too desolate, deficient of anycompleted railroad bridge, a smile came thing that might dominate his former over his face as he exclaimed. "My vacathoughts. Once he almost decided to retion has won!"With valise in hand. Russ turn—"but there was uncle"—no he

made his way to Jim's room to bid him would go on. A few hours'ride brought

goodbye. Together they walked a little him to the home town of his cousin.

distance down the track toward the station, Here Russel got his first glimpse of a a half mile to the south. large mining in its setting, town—peculiar With hands clasped tight, each met the and yet with many of the modern facilities

other's glance, and as their eyes moistened, of the upto-date American city. Silverboth were impressed that their separation ton had always been a thriving, busy town

would be a brief one. with plenty of money in circulation and

Russel's "goodbye"was forced through well filled with happy, carefree, typical a lump in his throat. "So long, Jim, boy."westerners. But today there was some-

"May God guide us both,"returned Jim thing unusual—Russel had already noticed

as he started back toward a ringing breakseveral large groups of men gathered here fast bell. and there who—from the tone of their The last words of his companion gave rough voices—seemed to be discussing a

Russel a momentary thrill. It had been subject of great importance.

some time now since he had even thought From his cousin that afternoon. Russ

318 IMPROVEMENT ERA

learned that the Silver Hill Mining comhim appreciate his privilege of again aspany had just struck a bonanza, and the sociating with people who were sincere evening paper revealed the plans of the in their religious investigations, and discompany to put on one hundred extra emcussing with them the principles of salvaployees and raise their wage scale to six tion. A feeling of happiness permeated his

dollars a shift. whole being and he became conscious of an

It was quite an attraction for the newawakening of his former self. One by

vacation were replaced by firm resolutions ing—hiscomer andcountenance,he sat for overdarkeningan hournowthinkand one his fruitless, empty, imaginations of a

then, revealed little obstructions entering to serve his fellowmen and become ininto his again revolutionizing plans. At strumental in making the cause of rightlast he reached a conclusion: "I can save eousness universal.

my money and (recalling Jim's words) At the time, however, Russ had again

God will guide us."discovered an undesirable working eleRussel knew practically nothing about a ment, but time was going fast, paydays

mining camp, but the liberal wages made came regularly and by working overtime such an appeal that he needed little enhis checks were unusually large. His forecouragement from Frank to respond to the most desire now was to live and do right.

call made for reinforcements at the mine. and ever in his mind were the words,

Early next morning, with renewed de- "God will guide us."

termination, Russel went to the mine. It As Spring arrived, came the welcoming

was a long climb to the shaft house and messages of twittering birds, warm rays of several times he stopped to catch his sunshine. The fragrance of flowers

breath and look back down upon the town scented the air, and filled with gladness the nestled in the bottom of the little canyon. hearts of all naturelovers. But it was

Arriving at the shaft, he eagerly watched something greater than the call of nature several cageloads of men descend into the that carved the smile on Russel Bremond's dark depths of the mine; this gave him a face and made his heart swell with joy

call to the sudden feeling of discomfort. Bracing up, it was the call of God—a

he entered the next cage and as it quickly British mission.

submerged he was seized with fear and All winter long a secret had been conuttered a sharp yell. This was enough fined in Russ'heart—why had he not to tell his fellowworkmen that he was a written to Jim—no, he hadn't forgotten

new hand at the mining job and you may his old pal, but, on the contrary, had spent guess his initiation was embarrassing. hours pondering over their many expeChange day came on Sunday and Russel riences. At times he had even started to

rather dreadfully anticipated the twoweeks'write him a letter; but each endeavor was

night shift coming on. With little time to outweighed by his increasing desire to surmake friends. Russel walked alone down prise him with the news that they could

one of the streets near the business section still live in reality their dreams of college of town. A little "Mormon"Church life so long and fondly cherished. But

house into which people were gathering now, what would be the reaction, it would caught the young man's eye and he was no doubt be a big surprise to Jim, but quickly aware of a feeling of buoyancy would it be one of envying happiness or within. Changing his course he gayly an angry disappointment? Knowing as he

walked toward the little brick building and did Jim's mental and moral qualities, he upon entering was greeted happily. It was was quite positive of the former.

a real treat for Russ; and the prominent The farewell party was grand. The

part he took in Sunday school class that excellent program and the many courtesies morning was not unnoticed. of wellwishers, all blended with a spirit of

The lessons learned in Primary and Sunlove, made his happiness so replete that day school, together with those taught him only tears could bespeak his appreciation.

by a devoted and sainted mother, now made On his way to the Mission Home, in

A ROUGH ROAD TO COLLEGE 319

Salt Lake City, next day, Russel called at "Yes. he left four months ago for the

South Park to bid his former friends goodBritish mission and he"—she got no

bye. His first call was at the home of further for Russ could wait no longer to

Jim Warner. At the door he was greeted tell his story.

by Jim's mother. Her words came like Conceivable only to imagination was the

an answer to his prayer. "Why, Russel, beaming expression on the face of Russel

how well and happy you look. Jim tried Bremond. Had one been present, one might

so hard to find you before he left for his have heard these words: "God did guide

mission."us both, and to a college greater by far

"'Mission!"broke in Russ. than any headed by mortal man."

Alpine, Utah.

"Prove It"By Orton Mitchell Not infrequently the elders of the who was improving the property for the

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Reverend, suddenly dug a hole in the

Saints, after they have borne testimony to ground at a place where there were no the truthfulness of the Book of Mormon, visible signs of water (apparently a veryreceive the poignant challenge—"Prove good way to waste time) but, to the

it."You have made your assertion of utter astonishment of the clergyman, a

what you deem to be facts, now the cool spring of water gurgled forth. Upon

burden of proof falls* on you. "We're being questioned as to just how he knew

from Missouri, we must have concrete the spring was there, the man simply proevidence."duced the traditional forked stick. The

When I was a small child. I remember reverend was interested. "Can you locate

having heard stories by old trappers and water near the house?"he queried.

prospectors, who frequented the deserts of "Wal, I reckon I can if theye's any

Utah, Nevada, and Arizona, of men who there,"replied the native.

were able, by the aid of a forked stick, So the two men walked leisurely toward to locate water when their supply had the house, the native calm and bearing an run out and their lives were in jeopardy air of preoccupancy, the minister profrom thirst. foundly interested and not a little excited.

That seemed strange indeed to me, and When the house was reached, the man

I couldn't help regarding such tales with from Vermont grasped the forked stick a little suspicion. by the two prongs, and, holding it firmly,

Not long ago my companion and I were the single end projecting in front of him, making some visits to friends along the began a circle of the house.

Hudson river, in the state of New York. At first it looked as if the experiment

One of the friends was a very kind minwas going to be a failure, for the man ister, a Reverend Rice, whom we had met wore a puzzled expression and continued some time before. He has a country home his groping. But suddenly, witji no apin Vermont, he told us, and a piece of parent cause, the instrument pointed downproperty of considerable size, in which it ward. As if impelled by a cord in the

is located. It is situated in a rather mounindicated spot, the two men dug a hole.

tainous district, a very beautiful spot, but They found water.

it has one drawback. The only spring Not content, however, with the single

on the place is in an awkward place, at exhibition, the employer had the workman quite a long distance from the house. perform the feat again and again in spots

A certain man. a native of Vermont, which he indicated. No water was found

320 IMPROVEMENT ERA

in many of the places, where they dug strations could not be accounted for by without the indicator's help, but every scholars, but to prove it, he was helpless.

time the stick indicated it, they excavated A man once tried to prove his existence and not once did they fail to find water, and went crazy in the attempt.

and reasonably close to the surface. Let us apply this little parable, if we

Mr. Rice then requested that he be might call it that, to our own predicament

shown how to use the instrument. Wherewhen challenged to verify our claims. Canupon he was instructed to hold it a certain not we give evidence in abundance? Canway and just let it guide him. At first not we show forth fruits of a character

he got on very clumsily, and didn't seem which will vindicate our claims? We can,

to be making progress. But presently he and, furthermore, we can put the honest

began to feel the rough oak stick twist in seeker of the truth in possession of the his hands as if the power of gravity were forked stick which will indicate the place impelling it downward. Again they where he can excavate and find oceans of

found water. living water at the divine fountain. We

"This is phenomenal."ejaculated the can give him the key; nay, he needs but

to knock and to him shall be opened a clergyman, and next day he dictated a well of wisdom and great treasures of lengthy correspondence to an eminent proknowledge. And, if he will drink thereof,

fessor at Harvard, explaining in detail "he shall never thirst again, but the water the extraordinary experience he had had that shall be given him shall be given him and asking the scientist if he would exin a well of water springing up unto everplain to him how science accounted for lasting life."

such phenomena. After a brief interval All this we offer to do for an inquirer

the professor's reply came. Science, he after truth, but we can prove nothing besaid, could not account for such a prodigy.

yond the statements of scripture and the

So far as it was concerned, in fact, such realm of experience and reason. Our a phenomenon did not exist. It was an forked stick has four prongs instead of

innovation. two. All th'e better to get hold of. They

Said the Reverend: "Now. if I wish to are:

prove this thing, which I know to be a "First, faith in the Lord Jesus Christ:

fact, to the professor, I must demonstrate second, sincere (repentance; third, baptism

the accuracy of the process a vast number by immersion for the remission of sins;

of times under widely varying conditions."fourth, laying on of hands for the gift

"And then,"he mused, as if lost in specuof the Holy Ghost.""For the promise is

lation. "I wonder if they'd believe me?"unto him, and to his children, and to all

I answer, "Yes."Any reasonable perthat are afar off, even as many as the Lord

son would believe, for seeing is believing. our God shall call."And if he will but

But there are a lot of people who wouldn't grasp the stick firmly, having been given accept such an innovation. The burden of the Comforter, it will lead him into all

proof was on the side of the affirmative. truth, and he may "prove all"things and

He could give them evidence, his demonhold fast that which is good.

Bos ton, Mass.

Hope Out of the darkness, Come from the shadows, Far from all worry,

Out of the gloom: Come from the pall; Far from all hate.

Out of the valley Come from the fearings Far from all smallness,

Up to the moon: Out through the wall, Make your soul great!

Up to the stars, and Dut in the sunshine. Make your heart happy,

Up to the sun, Out in the blue, Make your thought fine,

Up to the goal Out where life's joys Make your life part

Of a race wellrun. Can come tumbling through. Of heaven—divine.

Chicago, Illinois. Lorenzo B. Summerhays

Current Events A Study for the Advanced Senior Class M. I. A., 192728

1 Religion and Social Service (February, 1928) horrence of aggressive war and pledging nonsupport to any nation or group of a. President Coolidge's Christmas Greetnations engaging in such warfare.

ings.

The message may be fittingly called Questions "White House Wisdom."It contains 1. What was the goodwill congress recently

Solomon's psychology of character and the held in St. Louis? 2. Who is Mr. Henry

doctrine of heavenbuilding taught by the Wickham Steed that his ideas should receive

Savior. Though the letter is not a setting international attention? 3. In what respect

States misjudging the United on the is Europeup of new sign posts along the highway be objections peace problem? may 4. What

of happiness, it is a most remarkable re raised against Mr. Steed's peace proposal?

painting of the old and everlasting ones. 5. What are the arguments in favor of the

The document deserves a place in the request? References: Literary Digest, Decemmemory-gem book of every Christian mind, berber. 3,1927.pp. 3233.Reader's CurrentDigest, January,History, Decem1928.

and consistently calls for the attention of all humanity. c. The House of Human Welfare.

"A criminal court is a punishment maQuestions chine. Its function is to crush social

1. Where was the president's greeting sent weaklings."* * * "In every city and

from? 2. To whom was it addressed? 3. town there should be, far from the jail, a

How many words does the message contain? quiet refuge, a sanctuary to which the

is4. related to the greeting Proverbs How spiritually sick might and physically come

5. pre- 2?23:7 17:21, and you Did Luke * or be brought for help."* * "The facsimileserve letter in the the of the published

Deseret News, December 24, 1927? house of human welfare should be considered no less esscntial than the public

b. Proposing an American Doctrine of schoo'. system."

Peace. The house of human welfare is declared

The British people are absolutely opto be a good investment for the state, an posed to conflict with our republic, and enterprise in which the church may well

Great Britain will not enter into moral invest and a most worthy object of inrivalry with this country, but our overdividual benevolence.

seas friends arc uncertain as to how far we would go to preserve world peace in the Questions face of our trade interests.

"Europe, as a whole, judges America 1. What is the socalled House of Human

2. Welfare? instituhas such an What claimsharshly."support of moral AmerThe tion 3. for class existence? of people What

ica is essential to a of the making world be inclined to disfavor would insuch an peace. stitution? 4. Where has the House of Human

Englishmen believe that the American Welfare been tried out? 5. What were the

the results of experiment? DeForum. Thepeople would endorse an official declara27, cember 1927. Digest. JanuThe Reader's

tion to all the world proclaiming our abary, 1928.

2 Politics and Industry a. WarDebt Cancellation. ganda in Europe which never ceases. In

This question is constantly before the fact, some Americans have frequently suppeople of this country because of progaported this kind of propaganda, too, on 322 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the ground that it is the only thing for debt on the ground that if they pay their our country to do. Great Britain, as we debts to this country, they cannot pay

know, has on her own initiative made a their private loans. If these ideas should

longterm settlement of her debt to the be carried out, of course the only party

United States. Italy, also, has made arthat could not lose would be Europe. She

rangements for the settlement of her debt, has had the money and she has spent it.

but France up to the present time has refused to agree to any funding arrangement. Questions

However, France has made some payments 1. How much do European countries owe

for? this debt States? was United What on account of loans which she has made the to date? it been What any of met up Has

from Wall Street, where she wishes to rearrangements have been made for settlement?

tain her credit. 2. If the United States should be willing to

Notwithstanding t h e arrangements cancel her foreign debts, how would this affect which have been made between foreign theUnitedeconomicStates? conditions3. What ofis theEurope?sentimentof theof

countries and the United States, as to the the country on this question? of the Governsettlement of their debts, there is much ment? What is your sentiment? Reference:

dissatisfaction on the part of the debtor See editorial Saturday Evening Post, December nations with the arrangements that have 24, 1927. Page 20. on "Borrowers."

been made, and consequently there is con- b. The Road to Prosperity.

stant agitation for reopening the question In the Foreword to The Road to Prosagain. Even Germany would like a reperity, by George Paish, Governor of the

consideration of the Dawes Plan, and thus London School of Economics, Mr. George

of the whole reparation business. Before E. Roberts,"Exdirector of the Mint, points

the Dawes Plan, the Germans had paid out that the only way to get back to nothing out of their own resources on acnormalcy, and thus on to the road to count of reparations, and since then they prosperity, is to adopt a policy of reciprohave really paid nothing either, i. e. of city, that is, free exchange of goods betheir own wealth; and the French are untween the different countries of the world.

willing to ratify a funding agreement with This idea has also been advocated by the the United States unless it contains a safebanks of Europe and by six distinguished guard clause to the effect that if Germany financiers of the United States. "It is

stops paying, to let France off; and even (really) a plea for closer business relaEngland has been saying for some time tions which they urge will result in inthat if Germany stops borrowing in Wall creased industrial activity, more complete

Street, or exhausts her credit there, that employment of the populations, and a she can not continue to make payments higher standard of living in all the coununder the Dawes Plan, because her paytries."In brief, it is a plea for the national

ments have been made out of the proceeds unity of modern society. Mr. Roberts

of American loan9. Thus Germany is says there are "no economic reasons why

now really prepared to join the other counthe people of different countries should tries of Europe in demanding a cancellanot trade with each other. * * * Nation of the allied war debts on the ground tural trade relations are determined by the

that she is unable to pay both the repservices which different groups are able to arations under the Dawes Plan and the render to each other, not by the fact that interest on her American loans; that is. they have different governments to reguunless the Allies let her off, she will be late their domestic affairs. * * * The

unable to pay the American investors; best proof of this proposition is afforded

and, of course, the Allies can't let Gerby the prosperity and industrial developmany off unless the United States Treasury ment of the United States. If this country

will let them off. The result of this whole had been divided among as many nations

question is that the principal debtor counas occupy Europe, and each nation had tries of Europe will urge the American set about ptotecting and promoting its own

Government to cancel the allied war industries in the usual manner, it is quite

CURRENT EVENTS 323

certain that the results would have been countries be able to purchase from the nothing like as satisfactory as they arc."United States. In the introductory chapHe says further that nations aspire to be ter, however, Mr. Paish. the author,

economically independent and that they points out that the amount of credit behave fears of war and that the supply of tween nations is so large now that no commodities necessary to the national life great amount of additional credit is warmay be cut off. but he thinks that these ranted; in other words, that the whole

considerations, though important, have world is overborrowed, and production their basis in political organizations and markets are completely disorganized. Some

not in economic considerations. "Another countries, too, he thinks, are allowing their

motive which has played a large part in currencies to depreciate in order to keep the establishment of trade barriers,"he down real wages and cost of production says, "has been the ambition of new coungenerally, beneath those of competing natries to diversify their interests and develop tions, and thus to enable their factories to unused resources which promise to supply secure orders which they could not other domestic needs and afford employment for wise obtain. Before the war, the Euan increasing population."But many of ropean nations received a great income on

our industries, he believes, can never bethe capital they had supplied to Russia come selfsustaining, so the question arises, the United States, and other countries. At

"which products shall we undertake to the present time, they have practically lost produce, and which shall we undertake to the whole of that income and therefore obtain by trade?"The test of whether or they are in need of income from other

not an industry has economic value to a sources. This cannot be secured by a

country is in its ability to live and render policy of restriction but only by removing service without assistance. If it cannot, it every obstacle to production and to in

is better to shift to something else. "The ternational exchange.

greatest fallacy obscuring this subject,"he

Questions thinks, "exists in the theory that there is gain in doing everything for ourselves."1. Do you think that the only road to

world prosperity is a free exchange of goods

Countries should prepare to produce that between nations? How would such a policy

which they can produce best and cheapest, affect the industries of America that are deand import through trade that which they pendent upon tariff protection? 2. What are

can get better and more cheaply from other some of the arguments in favor of a protective countries. Mr. Roberts says: "When tariff?benefitedof byfreea trade?policy of3. reciprocityWould Europeor not?be

nations stop thinking of their interests as Would the United States? 4. Can such a

in conflict, they will stop thinking of war; policy ever be effected without foreign counthat is, they must realize that trade is not i rics making arrangements for the settlement

war but is a process of exchange, that in settledof theironlydebtsby toa cancellationthis country,of orforeigncan theydebts:be

time of peace neighbors are our custoin other words, is not some better understandmers and that our prosperity is a condition ing between countries necessary before such on of our own wellbeing."When we come ideal condition can be brought about? 5.

a Should country produce only those comto this point of view then the nations it modities which cheapest can produce and will be on the road to prosperity. best, or should it also produce other comMr. Roberts is also inclined to believe modities which it needs? References: Sec

that the United States should continue its The Road to Prosperity, by George Paish.

policy of making loans to foreign counpublishedGovernor ofby theG. LondonP. PutnamSchoolSons.of NewEconomicsYork.

tries, for only by so doing will foreign 1927.

3 Science and Discovery a. Sugar. tain sugars is as follows: Fructose 173:

In an interesting article by Dr. J. J. Invert Sugar 123; Sucrose 100: Glucose

Willaman, "The Race for Sweetness."one 74: Xylose 40; Maltose 32; Rhamnose

learns that the relative sweetness of cer32: Glactose 32: Raffinose 23. Lactose 18.

324 IMPROVEMENT ERA

In addition to the beet and cane as vancement of Science, and twentyfive assources of sugar, one learns that sugar can sociated societies, held its annual meeting be extracted from sawdust, milk, the Jeruat Nashville during the recent holidays.

salem artichoke, the alligator pear, etc. Dr. Arthur A. Noys of the California

1. How do you account for the rise of the Institute of Technology is the president of

sugar industry? 2. What is the history and the Association this year. The society has

present status of the beetsugar industry in over 14,000 members.

Utah and Idaho? Is the industry profitable

influence of the the Ashas been I. What the farmer, manufacto all concerned,—the life? sociation Science 2. Are American and on Scientificturer, the consumer? Monthly,

January, 1928. there any Latterday Saint scholars members of

this association? 3. Did any Latterday Saint

b. The Hour of Danger. scholars present papers at the Nashville meetThe most dangerous hour in our streets ings? Scientific Monthly, January, 1928.

is from 5 to 6 p. m., the hour when people d. Outstanding Magazine Articles for Deare hurrying home from work. cember, 1927. (Selected by a council

Studies show that during 1926, apof librarians):

proximately 25,302 persons were killed "Rich Men and Key Men."Samuel Strauss

and 759,060 were seriously injured by in The Atlantic. "The House of Human Welfare."Judge

automobiles in the United States alone. Ben L. Lindsey in The Forum.

Seven thousand school children are "If War Should Come."H. M. Tomlinson

killed annually by automobiles. in Harper's.

"The Colorado River Controversy."Dwight

1. What are the causes of automobile ac- B. Heard in Review of Reviews.

cidents? 2. How does Utah compare with "A First Citizen of the Scientific World."

other states in the nature and extent of autoHarr S. Sherwood in Scribner's.

mobile accidents? 3. Is it not about time the "What is the Future Religion."Harry

public used the same sort of highpressure Emerson Fosdick in The New Age.

technique in a campaign to prevent automo- "The Confessions of a Penitent and Puzzled bile accidents that the manufacturers and disParson."Charles Fiske in Scribner's

tributors of automobiles employ to secure their "Wood's Fear."Fcrard Fruin Hubbard, in

ends. Literary Digest, January 7, 1928. Field and Stream.

"Our Social Heritage."W. F. Ogburn in

Survey.c. American Science. The

The American Association for the Ad- "Tact."John Erskine in The Century.

Hans C. Jensen, of Aetna, Canada, celebrated his

onehundredth anniversary on Christmas Eve, December 24, 1927. He was born December 24, 1827. at

Hjoring, Denmark. He has one hundred and seventysix direct descendants; nine children, seventy grandchildren, ninetyfour greatgrandchildren, and three

greatgreat-grandchildren. One hundred and fifteen of

hem were present on the occasion of the celebration.

A huge birthday cake bearing one hundred candles stood before him as he was seated at the banquet hall.

He joined the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Saints in 1882, with his eight sons and one daughter and wife, Caroline Masine Anderson; and in 1886

emigrated to America, following his son John M.,

who had come out in 1883. He settled in Spring

City, Sanpete county, Utah. Later, in 1897, he

moved to Canada, then seventy years of age. His wife

died in 1913 at the age of seventyseven. Grandpa

Jensen attends his Church duties regularly and bears a strong and humble testimony of the truth of the restored gospel. His chief occupation is making

baskets, which provides him independent care. After

the banquet a rich literary and musical program was carried out with a pageant depicting striking incidents in the veteran's life. Games and dancing followed,

with Bishop A. C. Jensen, a son of the honored guest,

master of ceremonies.

New Superintendent of Church Schools

(See Frontispiece)

It was announced on Wednesday. DeMines for the University of Utah, which

cember 28, 1927. by the First Presidency, was then organized by the passage of a

that Dr. Joseph F. Merrill, director of the bill by the legislature, drawn up by Dr.

School of Mines and Engineering, and the Merrill, in which the Mining School was

Engineering Experiment Station, at the made one of the divisions of the UniUniversity of Utah, had been appointed versity. He was also the sponsor of the bill

superintendent of Church schools, and that which established the Utah Engineering

Dr. Adam S. Bennion. who had served in Experiment Station and the Department of

that capacity for nine years, had been Mining and Metallurgical Research Departhonorably released from the position. ment at the University. Hence, in a sense,

Announcement has been made by the he is the father also of Mining and

Utah Power and Light Company that Dr. Metallurgical Research Departments

Bennion will serve that company as Dithrough which the University cooperates rector of Personnel, a newly created posiwith the United States Bureau of Mines.

tion. The change becomes effective on the And it was also through his efforts that

first of February, 1928. Dr. Bennion the Bureau of Mines came to Utah to

leaves the position with the utmost goodestablish the InterMountain Station. Dr.

will, approval, and blessing of President Merrill regards the existent standing of

Heber J. Grant and his associates. Dr. the Engineering School of the University

Bennion has faithfully served the Church and the cooperative work with the Bureau in this capacity, and has expressed himof Mines as the best evidence for his self through the public press as grateful service to the University and to the State, to the First Presidency and to all assoand acknowledges his success in this line ciated with them, in the educational afto the cooperative work of his colleagues fairs of the Church, for the generous supon the faculty, the president, the regents, port and the fine freedom of thought the students, and many friends and supgranted him under their liberal admin porters in business and professional life not istration. on the campus: and he expresses his gratiDr. Joseph F. Merrill, the new supertude to all of these. He also says that it

intendent of Church schools, has had an is not an easy thing to leave the Uniextensive experience in the educational versity after being officially connected with field, and intensive training which qualiit during thirtyfive years. He goes only

fies him for his new and important posibecause he believes that the new position tion. Although his training and activities offero him opportunities for greater service.

have been mostly in scientific and technical During the past nine years in which fields. Dr. Merrill is also trained in the Dr. Bennion has served as superintendent

field of education. He has been referred the seminary movement, especially, has

to as the father of the Church Seminary, experienced phenomenal growth. During

now established near many high schools. the past seven years of his administration

He proposed, in 1911. the establishment the number of seminaries increased from

of the seminary near the Granite high twenty to seventy with tremendous in school, the first institution of the kind crease in enrollment.

established by the Church, and his dream Dr. Joseph Francis Merrill was born at

of a seminary at every high school is Richmond. Utah. August 24. 1868. and is

rapidly coming true. Since the fall of a graduate of the Normal School of the

1900, Dr. Merrill has worked continually University of Utah, 1889; University of

to promote the interest of the School of Michigan, 1893, B. S.; Johns Hopkins

326 IMPROVEMENT ERA

University, 1899, Ph. D.; University of member of the American Institute of ElecUtah, 1920, D. Sc. He married Annie trical Engineers, and the American AssoLaura Hyde, June 9, 1898. She died Febciation for Advancement of Science. In a

ruary, 1917, and he married Emily L. Church capacity, he was counselor to the

Traub. of Ft. Wayne, Indiana, June 29, President of the Granite stake 19111919,

1918. He was an assistant professor of has always been sympathetic with the

chemistry in 18931897, and became Diplans for religious teaching, and during all rector in the Utah State School of Mines and his years more or less active in this capaEngineering in 1899. He holds the highcity. He is the author of Manual of

est grade of membership, that of Fellow Physics, 1907, 1913. See frontispiece in

in the American Physics Society, is a this number of the Era.

Two Primaries

Sister Minerva Boss writing from Terre gave a display to the mothers of the

Haute, Indiana, Northern States mission, busy work, sewing, painting, etc. They

reports that there are two primaries of equal were very interested in the work, and apnumber with the one shown in the picture preciated the interest taken in their children.

herewith, in Terre Haute, Indiana. The She says, "We passed out literature of our

members are all nonmembers of the Church and were permitted to explain

Church, except two of the children on some of the principles of the gospel. We

the front row. Recently a program in feel that through the Primary work, the

the park with this group was held with parents may become interested in our mestheir mothers, eight of the latter being sage. This is an average attendance of our

present and thirtyfive children. The class, while we have thirty enrolled. The

program was given by the children, class is divided into three groups, The rnd Sister Boss made a talk on the Seagull. Trail Builders and smaller chil-

-u-poK of the Primary Associations, and dren."

3HP)B

|J JMfl BjfiwBijMK0|i>yki

The three ladies in the back row. left to right, are the instructors: Thelma

Bryant, one of our local members. Minerva Boss, and her missionary companion. Elizabeth Tooth, from Ma nti. Utah.

Messages From the Missions I command all men to repent, and I speak unto you. even as unto Paul, mine apostle,

for you are called even with that same calling with which he was called."—D. and C. 18:9.

Twenty Baptized in Ulster A recent report of the work in the the period since 1918; fifteen others have

Ulster district contains the following noteapplied for baptism. Another pleasing

worthy facts: The traveling ciders spent feature of the past 9ix months is a 45'/,

1.886 hours tracting in the past six increase in attendance at meetings. Prior

months. They have distributed 51 copies to our conference in November, the Relief

of the Book of Mormon. 20,139 tracts Society sisters held a very successful

and 2.257 books and pamphlets: 1,400 bazaar. It was opened by Sister May

hours have been spent.visiting investiBooth Talmage, who commended the

gators, and they have engaged in 3.245 sisters on the splendid display of work and

gospel conversations. Local brethren have the general success of the organization.

also done commendable work, rivalling The progress of the work has been gratithe missionaries in the distribution of literfying and encouraging and we feel to thank ature. Twenty persons have been bapGod for so crowning our efforts Kendall

tized; this exceeds any number for twice D. Garff, district president.

Elders, front row, left to right: Kendall D. Garff. district president. Salt Lake City;

Richard L. Evans, associate editor Millennial Star, representing President James E. Talmage;

Sister May Booth Talmage; N. Glen Stanford, district clerk. Stavely. Alberta. Canada.

Back row: Ervin R. Stoker. Price Utah: Elmer D. White. Beaver. Utah; Evan H. Jenkins,

Idaho Falls. Idaho; Seth P. Leishman. Wellsville. Utah.

Paris, France, Open for Missionary Work

To those who watch the progress of the earth, it will be of special interest to pur gospel message in the many nations o.f announce the opening of the city of Paris

328 IMPROVEMENT ERA

for missionary work for the first time aid in opening the way for the presensince the war. We feel that a great step tation of the gospel message later. On

has been taken in spreading our message the 18th of November last, in Geneva, among the French people. Besides the Switzerland, a combined conference of the

opening of Paris, two new cities in southmissionaries in the Swiss and French disern France, Valence and Avignon, have tricts was held. A pageant on the Book

also been opened to missionary work. of Mormon was presented to the public, in

Mission President Ernest C. Rossiter has conjunction with an exposition and sale

made a tour of French and Belgian of the work of the local Relief Society.

cities, during the past two months, showThe aim of the pageant was to familiarize ing slides on the history and activity of the people with the Book of Mormon the "Mormon"people, and some splenprophets, in that way stimulating interestdid views of Salt Lake City and Utah.

On all occasions the halls were filled to in the book among the friends and inover-flowing, as many as 500 being pres>- vestigators. In view of the success of the

ent at a single showing. It was gratipageant in Geneva, we hope to produce it

fying to note the interest shown by new in many of the branches in the French investigators and friends and we feel that mission. Klenner F. Sharp, district prespopular propaganda of this sort is a great ident.

Missionaries in France

Left to right, front row: Harold S. Cole, Lyons district president, released; Leonard A.

Robbins, Swiss district president, released, Salt Lake City: President Ernest C. Rossiter,

mission president; Miss Betty Rossiter; Sister Venius R. Rossiter; Klenner F. Sharp,

Swiss district president, Salt Lake City. Second row: Carl J. Harris. Provo; Halvor G.

Berrett, Salt Lake City: Clarence P. Durrant. Ogden; Reed H. Jensen, Idaho Falls;

Gordon N. Cope. Salt Lake City: P. Rulon Christensen, Ephraim, Utah; F. Clark Sanford; Cleo V. Hickman. Stewart A. Wright, Salt Lake City; George Earl Brunt, Idaho

Falls; Almon L. Brown, Ogden. Third row: J. Rex Kennard. John S. Ness, Salt Lake

City; Artell E. Johnson. Lewiston; Elliot D. Holt, Kaysville. Joseph H. White, Paradise.

Ray C. Moody, mission secretary, Deseret, Utah: Parker P. Warner. Rexburg, Idaho:

LaGrande H. Lamb, Ogden; Cecil E, Hart, Rigby, Idaho; George Y, Jarvis. Sacramento.

Calif.; Samuel H. Corte?, Ogden,

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 329

Need of Living the Gospel Stressed

At the recent semiannual conference of the initial conference under his jurisdiction the San Jose district, the missionary priestas president of the San Jose district. The

hood meeting was perhaps the most immissionaries feel that they are in the field pressive of all the meetings held. President as God'9 children to give service to their

McMurrin. as well as all the missionaries, fellowmen; as Henry Van Dyke says:

bore strong testimony concerning the di- "Four things a man must learn to do vinity of the work in which they are If he would make his record true:

engaged. The thought that we often fall To think without confusion clearly:

short of greater duties and blessings by To love his fellow men sincerely;

neglecting the little things seemed to be To act from honest motives purely;

To trust in God and heaven securely."uppermost in the instructions given. The

need of living up to the teachings and The close of the conference was featured principles which the missionaries are repby a very pleasant social hour, under the resenting, more and more in detail, will leadership of Elder Delbert J. Fugal, master

make them more successful as ambassadors of ceremonies. A very delightful program

of the truth. Four general sessions were and feast of jollity were experienced. Beauheld at which the principles of the gostiful music was given by the orchestra under

pel were explained with great emphasis and the direction of Brother Dyke Walton.

sincerity by President McMurrin and all The Relief Society apparently realized the the missionaries. The work of the Lord need of the missionaries receiving a delicious

is constantly progressing in San Jose, Palo banquet which they served. It was worthy

Alto, and Monterey. President J. Alton of the most critical epicure. ElOa V.

Nielson is to be highly complimented on Meredith and Elder Norman B. Wing.

Front row, left to right: D. J. Fugal. Pleasant Grove. Utah; Joseph W. McMurrin.

mission president; J. Alton Nielson, district president, Epbraim. Utah: D. L. Whimpcy.

Lchi, Utah. Center row: H. W. Woolston. Lehi. Utah: Ethellynn Moncur. Worland.

Wyoming: Sister Teeples. San Francisco district: Sister J. H. Welding. Sugar City. Idaho;

Guelda Elsmore, American Fork; Eva Gunther. Lehi. Utah: Ruth Ellsworth. Washington.

D. C.: Winficld B. Burton. Afton. Wyoming. Back row: J. Karl Heywood. Panguitch:

Elveda Hansen. Monroe: Norman B. Wing, American Fork: Lulu Huber, Pleasant

Grove. Utah: J. H. Wilding. Sugar (ity. Idjho; Elva V. Meredith. Pleasant Grove;

Everett T. Devey. American Fork, Utah

330 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Baptisms in Sweden We have just completed our fall conIn the Swedish mission, so far this year, ference in the Stockholm district. A good 82 were baptized, an increase of 22 over

spirit prevailed and we had a large attendlast year. The Improvement Era is a big

ance. Since our spring conference twentyhelp in our labors and affords us great

secretary Swedtwo have been baptized. The future looks pleasure.—C. N. Monson,

bright for bringing more into the Church. ish mission.

Elders, first row, left to right: District President C. A. Soderberg, Salt Lake City, released;

Mission President Andrew Johnson, Murray; W. Wallace Millerberg, Midvale; Willard O.

Olson, incoming district president, Murray, Utah. Second row: David H. Larson, Long

Beach, California; Herman B. Kotter, Brigham; John P. Monson. Richmond, Utah; Axel

W. Fors, Star writer, Kavlinge, Sweden. Back row: Clyde R. Gustafson, Preston, Idaho;

Oscar E. Johnson, Everett, Mass.: Claude N. Monson, mission secretary, Salt Lake City;

Noel L. Stromberg, Grantsville, Utah.

Missionary Achievements in Arizona

More than two hundred thousand peolisteners have been seated, the story of ple from all parts of the world have been the Book of Mormon, restoration of conducted through the Arizona temple and authority, first principles, salvation for the have been told the story of "Mormonism"dead, marriage for eternity, and other bein the past two years. Forty experienced liefs of the Latterday Saints have been

men of the Maricopa stake and a number explained. More than onehalf million

of missionaries of the California mission tracts have been given away, four thouhave taken part in this missionary work. sand Books of Mormon have been sold and

Each visitor has registered his or her name thousands of other books and magazines and address in the visitors'register. The have been distributed. One family of eight

parties have been conducted through in from Colorado remained in Mesa last groups, and in the various rooms where the month for a week in order to be baptized.

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 331

Another wrote from Pasadena, California, nished ten thousand copies for free disthat he wa9 convinced after reading the tribution to visitors at the dedicatory servBook of Mormon that he purchased at the ices.

temple, that Lehi, Nephi, Alma, Mosiah. Elders of the California mission who

Moroni and the others spoken of in the have assisted very materially in this great

Book of Mormon as prophets were just as accomplishment are Thomas E. King. John

much so as were those mentioned in the W. Chitman, Silas Brimhall and Elders

Bible.. A change in attitude towards the Childs, Kuhre, Lloyd and Hansen. Elders

Latterday Saints is noticeable over the Andrew Mortensen and Dan P. Jones,

entire state of Arizona. Some have been local members of the High Council, have

baptized and many others are investigating. devoted most of their time for two years

The newspapers of the state have been at the temple as missionaries, and are very fair and have published many pages now called to work in the temple. J.

of our doctrines. The three largest in the Robert Price, stake president, Maricopa.

state issued special temple editions and furArizona Temple Guides

Front row, left to right: E. D. Solomon. M. C. Phelps. Golden K. Driggs. Frank I

Pomeroy. A. J. Palmer. Daniel Hibbcrt, J. Robert Price, Jno. Cummard. J. C. Anderson.

Robert A. Lcatham. J. W. Lesucur. Second row: Daniel P. Jones. Howard Standage.

T. E. Pomeroy, O. P. Greer. Dellert A. Stapley. O. D. Flake. Don C. Driggs. Van Brinton.

David K. Udall. temple president. Back row: Isaac Dana. F. E. Griner. instructor of temple

guides: C. R. Hakes, D. B. Jones. Chas. E. Johnson. M. A. Stewart. Norman A. Brimhall.

J. D. Killpack. Guides who do not appear in the picture are: Andres Mortcnson. D. P.

Skousen. E. J. West. M. P. Casby. Ray Klienman. Chaunccy Spillsbury. J. Elmer Johnson.

Harold Clark. Lee Clark. Jno H. Udall, C M. Brimhall. J. J. Hubcr. C. Warren Peterson.

Jno. L. Riggs.

332 IMPROVEMENT ERA

The Book of Mormon in the Northwest

The missionaries of the Northwestern He set for a quota for 1927, 18,000 Books states are surely supporting the Mutual of Mormon. This was an enormous figure

Improvement Association in endeavoring in the minds of the missionaries, but their to establish "a fuller knowledge of the faith was strong. Every missionary readily

Book of Mormon and a testimony of its responded, and month by month the divine origin.""quota"neared the hundred per cent mark.

The necessity of a more extensive disReports for ten months, including Octotribution of the Book of Mormon was ber, 1927, showed a distribution, loan, felt by President Wm. R. Sloan as he and sale, of more than sixteen thousand

made his initial tour of the mission field. books in the mission. Nothing less than

Missionaries in the Oregon District

Top row, left to right: Owen W. Parks, Granger; Paul V. Hansen, Boulder; Raymond

B. Muir, Rexburg. Idaho; Erma Bennet, Spring Canyon; Anthon E. Nielsen, Granger.

Second row; Thomas Ball, St. Anthony, Idaho; Dorothy R. Powell, Hollywood, Calif.;

Hazel Knight. Delta; Cumorah Thurgood, West Point; Paul E. Warnick, Provo, Utah.

Third row: Eva Haroldson, Idaho Falls; Joseph M. Flake, Snowflake, Arizona; President

Wm. R. Sloan, Northwestern States mission; Norman W. Farnsworth, district president,

Beaver; Phyllis J. Hoggan, Twin Falls, Idaho. Fourth row: Andrew G. Schmutz, New

Harmony; Ashael A. Perry, Vernal; Ethel Hunter, Ogden; Norma Christensen, Salt Lake

City, Utah; L. Delbert Bodily, Preston, Idaho.

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 333

"over the top with Books of Mormon,"members, while the missionaries distributed will satisfy the missionaries now. The 3,085 during the same period. The Orehundredth anniversary was fittingly celegon district, with nineteen missionaries,

brated in this mission. We were not conplaced 1,463 books, giving them an avertent with a single day, but made September age of seventyseven books each. Won-

a Book of Mormon month among the derful testimonies were gained by the

Saints of this mission as well as among readers of these books, and the missionary the missionaries. The Saints were called work in every phase has increased. Never

on a mission, from August 28 to Sepbefore has there been such unity and haptember 25. Each family and each mempiness felt in this mission field. These

ber, man or boy, holding the priesthood labors are bearing fruits now, and it is was asked to sell at least one Book of almost impossible with our small corps of

Mormon. A complete set of Church missionaries to follow up the calls that are

works was offered to the branch selling coming to us for interviews and meetings.

the most books, the percentage being based The field is indeed ready for the harvest on the number of families in the branch and even though the laborers are few, they and the number of men and boys holding have sown abundantly and will reap a the Priesthood. The missionary spirit bounteous harvest. We stand fullhearted-

reached high tide, and all rejoiced in the ly for "a fuller knowledge of the Book of opportunity. The success of this camMormon and a testimony of its divine

paign is proved through the reports which origin."Norman \V. Farnsworth, Oreshow that 1,859 books were sold by the gon district president.

One Hundred Baptisms in Florida

The missionaries of this district have a secondhand Ford car. Despite the torexperienced the joys of succes-j. The baprid weather that has swept Florida the past

tism record is well over one hundred for summer, these brethren have maintained a this year, with two months yet left to add good tracting and meeting record, and have to this number. Elders Lamond Lloyd brought happiness to the isolated families

and D. Elmer Stoker have earned the repuof members that are great distances from

tation of "The Rubbertired Elders,"bethe traveled roads. Their territory has

cause they have supplied themselves with been a large one, with Tampa on the west

Left to right: D. Elmer Stoker. President Serge J. Lauper. Lamond Lloyd

H. Gordon Larsen.

334 IMPROVEMENT ERA

coast to the famous winter resorts of Palm tember number, 1927, with several articles

Beach and Daytona Beach on the east coast. concerning the Book of Mormon, proved of

We find the Improvement Era always full special interest. Serge J. Lauper, presof courage and good cheer. The Sepident, Tampa, Florida.

The Truth About Temples Discussed

At the semiannual conference of the members of the Sunday school classes of

Manchester district, held at Caxton Hall, the several branches. It was shown by

Salford, Sunday, September 25, a goodly scriptures that death does not remove the number of members and friends gathered obligation of complying with every ordinto attend the spirited meetings. There ance of the gospel; therefore, a means has

were present Elders Seth W. Pixton and been provided whereby the living may do

Ralph V. Chisholm from mission head- a vicarious work for the dead with respect

quarters, also President David M. Kennedy to these required ordinances, and this work

of the Liverpool district, President Waldo is done in the temples of the Lord. Since

L. Osmond of the Nottingham district, and the last spring conference, the missionaries

President Kenneth A. Nielson and eleven have worked diligently. They have distraveling elders of the Manchester district. tributed 140 copies of the Book of MorAt the morning meeting "The Truth mon, and 87,939 tracts, held 227 street,

About Temples"was developed in a comcottage, and hall meetings; spent 4,123

prehensive and convincing manner by hours in trading, and 2,798 hours in

Elders of the Manchester District

Front row, left to right: Ralph V. Chisholm. assistant secretary and treasurer of the

European missions, Seth W. Pixton, secretary and treasurer of the European missions, both

of Salt Lake City; Kenneth A. Nielson, district president. Emmett, Idaho; J. Rulon Doxey,

district clerk; President David M. Kennedy of the Liverpool district, Ogden. Center row:

President Waldo L. Osmond of the Nottingham district, Provo; Rulon S. Satterfield, Pocatello, Idaho; Earl D. Hone. Brigham City; Golden W. Stewart, Venice; Henry R. Price,

Mesa, Arizona; Elmer W. Marriott, Trenton. Back row: John L. Linton, Salt Lake City;

F. Donald Merrill. Hillspring, Alberta, Canada; Cleston H. Rigby, Fairview; Melvin L.

Condie, Preston. Idaho; Vaughn P. Sheffield, Kaysville.

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 535

visiting investigators. During the sumhave willingly responded whenever called

mer months, while the traveling elders upon to care for the work in the brancheshave been laboring in the rural sections, the—Kenneth A. Nielson, district president.

resident brethren holding the priesthood

Saints Number 725 in Chemnitz

Nestled in the beautiful Iron Mountains had the privilege of having a district conin southern Saxony are the twincities, ference held in their midst. They proved

Bucholz and Annaberg. glorying in the their appreciation through an excellent

beauty of their scenery and the truthfulness well workedout program. The Saints of

of their people. About 250 of the 26,000 Chemnitz, of whom there are 725, and of

people in these cities have accepted the the surrounding branches, were glad to gospel, and rejoice in its newfound truths. avail themselves of the opportunity of

The cities, a part of the Chemnitz disvisiting that beautiful region and attendtrict, on September 26, for the first time. ing conference. In the first nine months

Missionaries of the Chemnitz District

Front row, left to right: Kurt Hunger, Chemnitz; Basel Valentine. Brigham City: Elmer

Christcnsen. superintendent of Sunday schools and Mutuals. Salt Lake City: Ellen B.

Valentine, president mission Relief Societies; Philipp Tadje. Clyde Bramwell. district president. Salt Lake City; Smith Pond, mission secretary. Idaho Falls: Charles Taylor, president

Zwivkau district, Ogden. Middle row, irregular: Gilbert Gerrard, Salt Lake City: Arthur

Godfrey. Sandy: Ray H. Adams, Parowan; Leland Rowsell. Salt Lake City; Rulon Biddolph.

Provo; Melvin Watkins. Brigham City; Elder Tobler: John J. Roderick. Samaria. Idaho:

Ralph Murray, Fresno, California; Grove Haddock. Paris. Idaho: Theron S. Covey. Salt

Lake City. Back row: Herbert \V. Alrich. Idaho Falls: Heinz Pueschel, Dresden; Arthur

Hasler. Provo: William B. Taylor. Elder Crandall. Richard Schuenmann, Ogden: George

Russell. Salt Lake City.

336 IMPROVEMENT ERA

of 1927, fifty were baptized, of whom Meetings were held in several smaller cities, only one was a child of record. This sucwith from 50 to 110 people, all investicess has been, to a great measure, due to the gators, present. We love our work. The

earnest efforts of the missionaries, who spirit and the power of the Lord has been have tracted an average of 70 hours per manifested to us and to these splendid Germonth this year, besides doing all the man saints on numerous occasions. We

other duties connected with large branches. thank God for the wonderful privilege we

Six weeks during the summer were spent have of working in this fruitful field. The

in new sections, in the country and in Era is always a messenger of gladness to smaller cities, who haven't had the opus. Clyde Bramwell, district president.

portunity of hearing the restored gospel.

Local Societies Doing Missionary Work

Mission work is progressing favorably in hours to actual missionary endeavors. The

the Sheffield district. Through harmony, local tracting societies of the district and

intensified efforts, and a greater determinathe block teachers are doing a noble work tion to have a "Greater Harvest,"we are in warning and crying repentance to the experiencing greater efficiency. In the reinhabitants in this part of the vineyard.

port of the fall conference of the Sheffield The missionaries and subscribers to the Imdistrict, October 16, President Cecil B. provement Era endorse all the good wishes

Kenner reported that the traveling elders and thanks that are given to the publicahad distributed 59 Books of Mormon, tion by its many satisfied readers, and add thousands of tracts, and devoted 15,098 to them their best.

MMm

Elders, left to right, front row: Nephi Cutler, Seth W. Pixton, mission representative;

May Booth Talmage, president of mission Relief Societies and M. I. A. organizations; Cecil

B. Kenner. Sheffield district president; Clinton L. Mills, district clerk. Standing: Lamont

A. Beutler, Horace L. Barker, Robert Dell Buchanan. Merlan G. Wood, Thomas E. Paskins.

Fred L. Finlinson, LeRoy S. Taylor.

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 337

A Non-"Mormon"Primary The organization of non-"Mormon"interested in the gospel nor in my Primary,

Sunday schools and Primaries is being so I dismissed the subject and became urged by President Henry H. Rolapp of interested in the things she liked also, her

the Eastern States mission, and has proved children. It was not long until I had her

a splendid project in our missionary work. confidence and when an opportunity

I have been asked to tell how I organized manifested itself, I approached the sub- a Primary in a community where there ject of Primary again, and told her I was were no members of our Church. To starting a class the following week. She was

begin this work where there are a few not only willing, but anxious for the chilLatter-day Saints, to invite their outside dren to join. They were the first two.

friends, is quite a different situation in They came and brought a friend with comparison with starting such an organthem and when the first meeting was held,

A Non-"Mormon"Primary and Missionaries

Top row: Olive Cannon, Ernest C. Clayton; bottom: Eva Driver. Lamont

Poulter, Earl E. Jones, district president

ization in a community which has never October 4, 1927, there were seven in all heard of us; or, if they have, such knowlThe attendance of the other four each

edge is based on falsehood. I delivered had an interesting history. The enrolltracts for three months, endeavoring to ment has grown to 34 in nine weeks. A

interest the people in our message and in number of parents have visited us and addition tried to arouse an interest in an are pleased with the work. The children

organization for the children, but met love to come because it is made interestwith little success. But what parent in out ing for them. They enjoy the stories,

own Church would permit his children songs, and gems they learn, also the picto go to a stranger's home to be taught tures and interesting patterns they are given religion, under the auspices of a denominaeach week. We are delighted to report

tion with which they were not acquainted? that we have recently organized the older

One would surely have to have confidence, boys into a Trailbuilders class, under the first, in that person's competency and his able direction of Elder Ernest C. Clayton,

sincerity of purpose. During the summer and feel that this added activity will great-

I gained a few friends and especially one ly increase our enrollment. The farreach-

who had children; however, she wasn't ing influence of a non-"Mormon"Primary

338 IMPROVEMENT ERA

class is inestimable. Homes are opened to and people will not fail to recognize it as

us that otherwise would possibly be closed. such. Confidence and interest are two of

The nearest and dearest possession of parthe great driving forces in our social proents is their children, and if they can see gress. Let us use these, then, as a basis

that the lives of their boys and girls are in teaching the gospel of Jesus Christ.

being affected for good, then it is the most "Garments may be made by patterns, but natural thing in the world for them to be the unfolding and informing of a human interested in that organization which is soul requires the artist's hand and the bringing help to them. Children should artist's spirit."May that great Artist of

be educated by their acts. It is our purall guide and direct us in our work as

pose to help them to act better and to assistants in a divine cause. Lamont

think more nobly. That is true religion Poulter.

Church House Completed

I, Bruce McQuarrie, writing from North good and rejoicing time was enjoyed by

Hobart. Tasmania, in October, reports that all. On the 16th of October, 1927, the

the church at Glen Huon, which has been building was dedicated by Charles H. Hyde.

in construction for the last four months, The new church was crowded by saints has been completed. "With a marvelous and friends at both the dedicatory services

spirit existing among the Saints the money and at the evening meeting. All rewas found and the work accomplished in joice over the occasion and feel that the

four months. The building was opened Lord has accepted their offering, and feel

October 15 by a banquet and social, 200 well repaid for their diligent efforts.—/.

saints and friends were present and a very Bruce McQuarrie, district president.

Missionaries present were as follow: Charles H. Hyde, mission president; Sister Hyde,

president mission Relief Society; I. Bruce McQuarrie, president Tasmania district; Clifford

J. Halgren, George E. Rushton. Thomas E. Jordan, Lawrence G. Weeks, L. A. Searle; Edgar

I. Henderson. Leo D. Clark. Reynold D. Graham.

Education and Industry

From the beginning, the early settlers. were told by the great pioneer. "It dethe people of this western land, were moralizes any community or nation on the

counselled to become selfsustaining. They earth to give them gold and silver to their

were themselves to provide for their heart's content: it will ruin any nation:

physical needs'and comforts, through but give them iron, and coal, good hard work. To this end they were not only work, plenty to eat. good schools and good

advised, but were indirectly compelled by doctrine, and it will make them a healthy, circumstances, to be thrifty and inwealthy and happy people."Their religion

dustrious. embraced work, even as it does today. It

"The Lord requires this people to be a was not only to know the will of God.

self9ustaining people. Produce everything but to do it. To know how to employ

you need to eat. drink or wear,"said their time and direct their labors rightly

Brigham Young, "but if you cannot obtain was the greatest wealth they possessed, and all you wish for today, learn to do withit is ours today. This applies also to our

out, * * * but bring your minds into leisure time, which is not a time to loaf subjection that you must and will live and devise mischief, but rather a time for within your means."activity in constructive thought and work,

Again, the people were told: "Instead of or clean, vigorous play.

searching for what the Lord is going to do To obtain such knowledge, they "were for us, let us inquire what we can do counselled early to instruct boys and girls for ourselves."in every useful branch of material, physTo this end the people sought with all ical and mental education. But it requires

their might to work for knowledge, inlabor; even the upbuilding of the kingdom

tellectual and spiritual, to accumulate maof God requires temporal labor all the terial means, and develop the resources of time. "It will be built up by physical

the land. Thus engaged, they became a force and means, by manual labor, more

moral, healthy and happy people. than by any particular mental effort of the

They cultivated the soil, they built commind. If we arc to build up the kingdom

fortable homes, paid for more land, raised of God. * * we have to labor with our

flocks and herds, purchased tools and mahands, plan with our minds, and devise chinery, erected commodious schools, sugar ways and means to accomplish that object.

factories, elegant palaces of worship. Many * * When we enjoy a Zion in its beauty

died, not fully aware of what a foundation and glory, it will be when we have built in thrift, education and industry they had it. If we live in the city of the New

laid for their descendants. They realized Jerusalem, it will be because we lay the

the wisdom of the admonition of their foundation and build it. If. as individuals,

great leader: "The riches of a kingdom we do not complete that work, we shall

or nation do not consist so much in the at least lay the foundation for our children fulness of its treasury as in the fertility of and our children's children. My faith,

its soil and the industry of its people."continues President Young, "does not lead

Some there were who pined for gold, and me to think the Lord will provide us with wished to go to the gold mines. "We roast pigs, and bread already buttered.''

are right in the midst of them. Why don't Work is the best antidote against the

you dig the gold from the earth,"they poison of undirected leisure.—A.

340 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Providing Employment

Governor George H. Dern, in a decisive office hours he receives reports from all

radio speech in early January, said that nine wards, of persons out of employment there is perhaps a larger army of unemand the character of work they can do.

ployed people this year in Salt Lake City, Repairs, carpenter work, gardening, cement and Utah, than there has been for several work, spraying, cleaning, painting—all

years past. The employment situation who had any work of the kind were also

during 1927 was not good. While money, to report either to the ward committee

was, and is now, plentiful, it isnot being or to the central committee, and the emexpended very freely in enterprises of any ployer and the unemployed thus came tokind, thus giving employment to the peogether. In this way, an average of more

ple, especially in the larger cities. than one hundred persons each month were

To meet this situation an employment given employment. The report for the

bureau was inaugurated in the Granite year shows 125 7. And the central agent.

stake, in January, 1927, by the Church Carl H. Rosell, figures that 25 per cent

authorities of that 9take. An Employment of the jobs were permanent and steady.

Committee was chosen in each of the nine Persons who have thus received work, wards, by the bishops. The duty of these without expense to them, have expressed

committees, who volunteered their services, appreciation and feel that the stake and was twofold: first, to ascertain who in ward authorities are interested in their hapthe wards had work to be done; second, to piness and welfare. It is better to give

discover who needed employment. All the a little for providing work, than to dole

people were to cooperate in giving the information. Then a central office was out charity.

opened with one man employed, at a There is no better antidote for the devreasonable salary, paid by the wards ilment of idleness than work. Persons

monthly, whose duty was to do the genarrive in righteousness when they are aceral adjusting and appointing that could tive in good, constructive achievements.

not be done in the wards. During his Give men and women work.—A.

BOOKS

My Philosophy of Life is a new book that arc used to define truth; how the

by Professor Alfred Osmond, author of social nature of man is satisfied, and how the Exiles. In it he discusses the seven the yearnings of the beautiful is developed

fundamental natures of man, the physical, by the aesthetic nature of man, and how the sexual, the intellectual, the social, the man spiritually is in constant communion moral, the aesthetic, and the spiritual. And with the Lord and immortality. The three

he does it in a cheerful way, in the course chapters closing the book are entitled, of 229 nicely printed pages, in a new and "How to be Happy,""Tragedy and Life,"beautiful type. The book is dedicated to and "Redemption."There are also twentyhis sons and daughters and to his many one poems selected from the author's sevstudents. My Philosophy of Life is a book eral hundred. The book is a real conthat one will delight to read before the tribution to the philosophic thought of

fireside to his family and discuss with the the Latterday Saint The Deseret Book boys and girls. It aims to give the reader Company or the author. Price $1.60 by

a clear conception of his moral mission in mail.

life and encourages all to live the best life History of the Scandinavian Mission.

that they are capable of living. It enThis is a volume of some 570 pages, comcourages good health, the need for the piled and written by Andrew Jenson, assearch of truth. It discourses upon the sistant Church historian. It contains more

kinds of truth, some of the imperfect tests than four hundred portraits and biographEDITORS'TABLE 341

ical sketches of leading elders who have tion of a voluminous history of the Scanbeen on missions in that country. These dinavian mission—eighteen large manubiograpliical sketches and portraits appear script volumes,—covering a period of 78

in the text of the history itself, which years, which the author has gathered on covers the story of the gospel in the three various missions in those countries. No

northern lands, Norway, Sweden and Denpains ha9 been spared to make the work mark, from the time the first mission of authentic and reliable in every particular;

the Church was established there, in 1850, and the author says that the work has up to and including 1927. The index been a labor of love on his part, and is a

contains about four hundred names, mentribute to his race—stalwart sons and

tioned in the text, of elders who have daughters of the North. The volume will

served in the mission field in Scandinavia be valuable, both for reading and as a refduring the years mentioned. The conerence work for all interested in the Scantents of the present volume is a condensadinavian mission.

The Desert

Old as the eternities, you seem;

Grown bald from constant sweeping of the wind

And a too frequent glowing glare of sun,

While mystery, deep as infinitude,

Envelopes you, and from us, humankind,

Does oft the purpose of your being hide.

Your unslaked thirst, a menace unto man.

Sets you apart and lets him not abide

With you o'er long to share your solitude:

But, oh! when comes the graying eventide.

That terminates in majesty of night,

I lay my weary head upon your breast.

Unmindful that it ne'er yields nourishment;

For more than meat you give. From ambient light

Reflected by the stars, you weave for me

The wonder of a glorious canopy;

And from the vastness of your silence breathes

A whispering assurance to set free my doubting soul.

E'en as nature in compassion gives

Occasional oases unto you, Does the Omnipotent, the Master Mind,

Lead me, with love unwavering and true,

Away from civilization's smoothtrod paths.

That I may find the fonts of heaven more near.

Through holding converse with the heart of you.

Grace Ingles Frost PRIES

All matters pertaining to the Aatonic Priesthood under this heading, ate prepared under the direction of the Presiding Bishopric.

Handbook for Weekly Ward have accomplished in the Syracuse ward,

Priesthood Meetings where I labored in the bishopric for nearly

A booklet of instructions has been isseventeen years.

sued by the Presiding Bishopric relative to In reading the instructions that have the holding of the weekly meeting of the been given to us by those who preside, acting ward teachers and all members of we are advised that wherever possible the Aaronic Priesthood, under the direcpriesthood meetings should be held tion of the ward bishopric. throughout the year, that there be no vacaInasmuch as gospel teaching will hencetion period during the summer months.

did this in our ward during the entire forth not be given in the priesthood We quorum or class meetings, these classes can time I was in the bishopric, and we have be devoted primarily to the training of all been amply repaid for the effort it has priesthood members in the purpose and taken to put over this work.

responsibilities of the priesthood, to the The greatest difficulty was due to the systematic performance of duty, and to fact that while we were trying to hold the development of quorum identity. meetings weekly throughout the summer

In like manner the general assembly of months, adjoining stakes held them only ward teachers and Aaronic Priesthood can once a month. The result was a number

be applied directly to the training in, and of our members felt that we were trying performance of, effective ward teaching. to do something not required in other

All of this work can be so arranged as stakes. The natural tendency is to follow

to require not more than onehalf hour the line of least resistance. We found,

of prompt, intensive effort. therefore, that it was a handicap to hold

It is realized that to achieve the purmeetings in the summer when other stakes poses above specified most satisfactorily, discontinued that work.

and to produce the desired development in Our ward is a farming community. A

all the young men who bear this Prieststatement was made at the meeting held hood, weekly meetings of the kind herein here six months ago, that in five minutes described, under enthusiastic leadership, are every boy of Latterday Saint parentage very important. could be reached by the ward supervisors.

The time for the holding of this weekIn our ward it is considerably different.

ly meeting should be such as will prove Our meetinghouse is centrally situated, but most convenient and desirable to all conour people are located over a radius of cerned. Every effort should be made to three miles in every direction therefrom. We

thirty, sixty secure the largest possible attendance of are living on farms,—twenty,

the priesthood, and to make the meetings and eightyacre farms; so you will undermost profitable. stand that we have long distances to travel,

and it takes some effort to get there.

Success in Priesthood Meetings During the summer months, when the

During the Summer irrigation season is on, fully 10% of the

Elder Arnold D. Miller, North Davis priesthood members are busy with various

Stake Presidency irrigation streams, so that we have a larg;

number of excuses during that period. Yet

(At the Bishop's Meeting, Assembly in our summer reports of the Lesser PriestHall, Oct. 8, 1927) hood. 70% of the officers and teachers

I will direct my remarks to the work we attended during June. July and August;

PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS 545

46'/( of the Lesser Priesthood and about contest and allowing the boys'groups

V\ of the Melchizedek Priesthood atpoints for individual attendance at Suntended the weekly meetings. day school, Sacramental and Priesthood

We attribute that success to holding our meetings, and for the performance of asmeetings continuously throughout the ensignments given by those who preside over tire year. As a bishopric, we have been them. The boys are grouped so that the

thoroughly converted to the necessity of deacons are contesting against the teachers'holding these weekly meetings. When quorum. In the last two contests the

we come to the meeting and find twenty, teachers'quorum has lost. In the deacons'

leadquorum there was practically 100'; atthirty or forty fine boys—the future

attending tendance at Sunday school. Sacramentalers of the Church.—regularly

their meetings during the busy season, we and Priesthood meetings. As boy9 get

feel ashamed even to think of discontinuing older, it is a little more difficult to hold the meetings during any part of the sumthem in the active line of their duty.

mer months. One of the most important steps that

is stress in laying has taken the Church to be leaders class the expected We have the this the stimulation of work of is upon leader class If a regularly.present

absent more than twice in succession, we Lesser Priesthood. It is one of the broadmust know why. If he is not interested est and finest fields that a man can labor in,

of working with the young men ofenough to come out and take care of his—that

it wouldclass, we want to know why. If he is the Church. If I had my choice,unwilling, we are ready to release him and be to labor with the young men,—the

sustain another man to take his place. Lesser Priesthood of the Church.

There is no need to fear that any other

In advancing the young men we have activity will take the place of priesthood tried to follow the instructions given by work. If we put into thi9 work the systhe Presiding Bishopric. Boys like to tematic organization and detailed work

group together and we often find that given to other organizations, priesthood younger boys arc grouping with older boys, work will appeal to our boys even more and when we come to advance them strictthoroughly than any other, because it ly by age limit, we separate groups of comes from a divine source.

boys formerly interested but they often become disinterested after we break up their Field Notes group. Some go ahead and some are left

behind. Aaconic Priesthood Meeting, St. George

We have tried to promote from one Stake. President William O. Bentley regrade of the priesthood to the other in ports that on the first Sunday in January

groups, and yet we sometimes find difthe Aaronic Priesthood meetings were ficulty in doing so. It was very marked started throughout the stake at 9:25 a. m.

in one instance where certain ones in a However, they had very few in attendance group of boys had become just a little and it did not promise great success. The

wayward. We had to separate them in following Sunday in several of the wards

making the advancement. But. generally the time of the priesthood meeting was

speaking, we found that it was more succhanged to immediately after Sunday cessful to promote in groups, and keep school, with the result that nearly 50% the groups together, where practicable. of the priesthood were in attendance at

Nothing will keep up interest among the meeting, and the order of business as boys better than group contest work, hence suggested by the Presiding Bishopric was the supervisor in our ward is running a carried out and proved quite satisfactory.

..

Programs for April and May In accordance with the plan formulated One of the outstanding problems in at the June Conference of 1927, and excarrying forward this project lies in the plained in the M. I. A. Y earRound Procareful selection of qualified persons to

gram, and in the Era and Journal, the lead the different activities. While expert

regular courses of study will be completed leadership is desirable, it is not absolutely by March 31, and classes will merge into essential to the success of this movement.

activity and contest groups to continue The regular class leaders may lead in these during April and May. group activities or give valuable direction

It is recommended that each association to young men and women of high school shall meet regularly each week for the and college training who may have ability opening exercises after which groups will to carry them forward. In any event, class

be formed according to activity interests: leaders should give general leadership and

Music, Drama, Oral Expression, Dancing, support to this plan.

Handicrafts, Athletic Tournaments, PhysDuring February and March, officers ical Games, etc. Some of these groups should ascertain from the members which

may be concerned entirely with contest of the activities or contests they wish to features: as for example, the public speakenter. In some of the small wards nating group, the instrumental group. In urally only two or three groups will be

such cases, however, after the tryouts have formed; in larger associations, a more prebeen held, groups should continue to functentious program will be carried on. If it

tion. is found that the present membership of

It is not intended that all activities hereany one class may wish to continue as a in suggested shall be attempted or that group, this may be allowed; but the acothersi not here listed may not be introtivity interest, rather than the present class

duced. Leadership, space accommodations, organization, should receive first considerand membership will fix limitations. Some ation. For example, certain M Men and

of the activities may be combined. The Gleaners, and Juniors may desire to unite

purpose is to organize a program to meet to form a debating group, while others the needs and desires of a majority of the of these same classes may wish to unite members. There will be at least eight for dramatic work, and so on.

Tuesday evenings available; three will It is believed that Boy Scouts and Beeprobably be used for ward and stake tryHive Girls will be more successful if they

outs. In the remaining evenings there will continue in their present class groupings.

be ample time for excellent work to be See March and April magazines for sugdone. gestions.

ACTIVITIES

(Select those desirable for your particular A. Music Appreciation.

use.) 1 Operas and their Composers. (See Era

and Journal {or details.)

/. Music 2. Music Memory Course. (See Era and

Journal for details.)

Music is a strong factor in the cultural B. Music Expression.

development of a community recreational 1 Instrumental Trios, Orchestras, Ukulele life. We have suggested the consideration Clubs, Harmonica Clubs, etc.

2. Part Singingof music the its from standpoint of form,

tette or Groups—Chorus—Quar- (mixed etc. Trios, made, etc.,how produced, male)—Girls'how that we (See Era Journal and for further mabetter themight it. appreciate express and terial.)

MUTUAL WORK 345

50c. Dunsany. Hat, Lord Lost Silk The 3. Act OneMusical Skits—

50c. Percival Wilde. of God, The Finger maRoad-Show ProducingOperettas—Preparing of plays.) $2.50. Glass. Yates. (in book Hour The further terials. for (See Era and Journal

material.) Thread of Scarlet. Bell. 50c.

Glaspell. 50c. Trifles, 4. Community Singing—Leadership and Lady Gregory. 50c. Man. The Traveling Materials.

//. Drama TheB. TechniqueMadonna, ofMiddleton,Play Production.3 5c.

The drama is increasingly important in Text: Official Recreation Guide, pages 82100;

educational programs, and is exerting great Practical Staye Directions for Amateurs, by

P. Dutton published Taylor, by E. influence in the higher development of Emerson

in or 5th Avenue. Drama Co.. 681 New York;

cultural recreation. While interest in some Education, by Grace S. Overton; $2.50. Pilform of dramatics is experienced by all, it grim Press, 19 So. LaSallc St.. Chicago.

may be expressed in various ways. Some C. Dramatic Productions.

find appeal in the reading of literature in The Unequal Yoke. McKcy. Era prize play.

1925. 15c. this form: some enjoy a study of the meThe Rescue. Palmer, the Era, 19 26 prize play.

chanics of playwriting, or play presentaprice 15c.

tion; some find satisfaction in merely witBirds of a Feather. Brandlcy. M. I. A., price 15c.

nessing dramatic productions, while others It's Me, McKey, Young Woman's Journal, May.

have the desire actually to produce the play. The1927.Invisible Hand, Hay ward. Era. 192 7 prize

.4. Reading of Dramas. play.

From the following suggested list (other The Answer, Merkley, Era, February. 1928.

dramas may be chosen by those in charge ///. Oral Expression

of this course) material can be selected to Americans in general have been charged occupy the available time. Assignments with inability to appreciate speaking as an

should be made for each week, whereby art, and with a lack of interest in its deone member of the group will discuss the velopment. But due to the unique misplay and the author and read enough of sionary system of our Church, our young

the play to carry on the continuity of the people will always have before them the story and to present the outstanding scenes. important need of preparation in the technique of formal address and the assembling

Full Length Plays For Reading Purposes of facts in such a logical manner as to

The Magistrate, Pincro. price 75c.

Alice Sit by the Fire, Barrie. price $100. make their arguments clear and convincing.

Pillars of Society, Ibsen, price 50c. For those interested in this type of acHedda Cabler, Ibsen, price 50c. tivity, courses in public speaking and deThe Dolls House, Ibsen, price 50c. bating are recommended. The dual

Something from Galsworthy that can be obtained purpose of each study is to develop an in book form from public or school libraries, understanding of correct forms, as well as possibly: to provide opportunity for practical parStrife. ticipation.

The Silver Box. 1. Public Speaking. Study of form of Escape.The

Arms and the Man. Shaw. 75c. address and practice in delivery. Text:

Saint Joan. Shaw, 75c. Handbook of Public Speaking, DoleMan and Superman, Shaw. 75c. man; Harcourt Grace & Co., N. Y.

Mogda, Sudcrmann. 75c.

The Passing of the Third Floor Back, Jerome. 75c. B. Debating. Preparing briefs and preThe Fool, Pollock. 75c. senting arguments. Text: Exposition

The Truth, Clyde Fitch. 75c. and Debate, Foster, Houghton Mifflin

Beyond the Horizon, E. O'Neil. Co.

The Servant in the House, Kennedy, price $2.00.

the Witching Hour, A. Thomas. 75c. IV. Literature

The Rainbow, E. A. Thomas. 75c. A. Review and discussion of a few outMr. Pim Passes By, A. Milne. 75c. standing books, such as:

Walls of Jericho.The Sutro. 75c.

The 75c. The Mind in the Making, by Robins. Tarkington. Home, Man from

The New Decalogue of Science, by WigOne-Act Plays For Reading Purposes gam, and other books and magazine articles

The Toyshop, Percival Wilde. 50c. now before the thinking public. (See

The Price of Coal, Brigbouse, 50c. Current Events, page 321, this issue.)

.

346 IMPROVEMENT ERA

V. Dancing day life of American people is yet to come.

A. CoupleDancing. It is still a 'Kingdom around the Corner'

Ballroom dancing is largely a result of just waiting to be discovered.

imitation. However, much of the charm "But to my mind the greatest potential

of the dance is lost unless one understands value, to us, of folkdancing (and all the fundamentals of dance steps and apforms of groupdancing) lies in its possiplies them in an original manner. We bilities as a muchneeded, wholesome form

suggest a careful study of the fundamentals of popular recreation. This aspect of the

in form, steps and positions, involved in the subject (except in so far as it has been foxtrot and waltz, and the adaptation of applied to children's recreation) has perthese in the creation of original dances. haps been least appreciated. The need of

1 Gold and Green Waltz. some such form of recreation is universally

2. Other coupledances. felt."

B. GroupDancing. VI. HAND CRAFTS

"Folkdancing (groupdances) as with all folkart, has a fundamental and human A. Textile Painting.

quality and a simplicity which gives it a B. Lamp Shade Making.

universal appeal. Here at our hand is a C. Flower Making.

thing of beauty and joy, with inviting (See Handicraft, Young Woman's warmth of melody and rhythm, rightly beJournal.)

longing to us if we only have the wit to VII. Athletic Tournaments and Physical

make it our own. Games

"But a very general appreciation of A. Girts; B. Boys. (See Era and Journal

folkdancing as it may apply to the everyfor suggestions.)

Contests ContestFinals—Numbersioo%forEfficiencyChurch Grand PublicbetweenSpeaking.the agesOpenof 18to andSenior23 Girlsyears,only,inEvery stake organization, both Y. M. M. I. A. clusive: whether single or married. Prize:

and Y. L. M. I. A., which achieves 100% efficiency Gold Medal. Subject, original.

for will one October from or more months to May, receive recognition in the JOINT. from the General Boards

nature of gold and green ribbons labelled "100% Drama. Open to all members*. Prize: Gold

M. I. A. Efficiency, 192728."Medals. Play, "The Rescue,"by Annie D.

Y. M. M. I. A.t Palmer. Copies may be obtained at M. I. A.

Public Speaking. Open only to M Men. Prize: General Offices. Price, 15c.

Gold Medal. Subject, original. Dance. (A) Gold and Green Waltz. Open to all

Male Quartet. Open only to M Men. Prize: members*. Prize: Gold Medals. (B) Best

Gold Medal. Selection, "Mother,"by J. A. Original Group Dance. Arranged for two or

Parks. Published by J. A. Parks Co.. York. more couples. May be composed by individual

Nebraska. or group. Must be submitted to General M. I.

Male Chorus. Open to all members*. Eight A. Officers before May 15, 1927. Prize: $25.

to sixteen members. Stake or ward basis. Instrumental Trio. Open to all members*. Stake

Prize: 1st, $50.00; 2nd. $25.00. Selection. or ward basis. Prize: Gold Medals. Selec-

"Invictus,"by Bruno Huhn. Published by tion, "PastelMinuet,"by H. Paradis. ArArthur P. Schmidt Co., New York. ranged by Ross Zungnickel. Published by

Y. L. M. I. A. Ross Zungnickel, N. Y.

Ladies'Chorus. Open to all members between Note: Music for all contest numbers may be

the ages of 1625 yrs.*; 9 to 15 obtained at: Beesley Music Co., Consolidated

members. Stake basis, with privilege of Music Co.. DaynesBeebe Music Co., Glen

selecting ward chorus to represent stake. Prize: Bros. -Roberts Piano Co., Salt Lake and other

1st, $50.00; 2nd, $25.00. Selection. "The music stores, or obtained direct from the

Snow,"by Edward Elgar. Threepart song publishers.

for ladies'voices with accompaniments for two violins and piano. (Op. 26: No. 1.) Rules and Regulations—Points For

Publishers, H. W. Gray Company, 159 E. Judgment

48th Street. New York. Covering all preliminaries and finals in

wards, districts, divisions, and also the Church fAge limit for M Men contest activities 1 7 to grand finals.

23 years, inclusive.

*A professional is one whose major income is deStake Officers are barred from participation rived through teaching, playing or singing. in all contests. Ward officers may take part.

.

MUTUAL WORK 347

The percentage for points of judgment are Diction 15 tor the guidance of the adjudicators. Note: (Pronunciation and enunciation)

Judges will please render their decision, not by Maintenance of pitch 15 giving the points made by each contestant, or Instrumental Trio—Orchestra—Band.

group of contestants, but simply First place. Technique 40

Second place, etc. This should be done with- (Correct reading, fluency)

out consultation. In case of a tie, judges Interpretation.. 30

should then consult and select first place. (Phrasing, expression, attack and release, tempo)

Quality of tone 3 Senior Public Speaking. (Blending, balance of parts, intonation)

Argument 60 Drama.

Delivery. 40 Makeup, costume and stage setting 30

Double Mixed Quartette—Male Quartette—Male Character portrayal 40 Chorus—Ladies'Chorus. General effectiveness 30 Interpretation 40 Dancing—Waltz.

(Expression, phrasing, tempo, attack, and release) Rhythm (keeping in step to music) 20

Quality of tone 30 Proper execution of dance figures 40 (Blending, balance of parts) Position (poise, carriage, grace) 40

DISTRICTS AND DIVISIONS

It has been found advisable to rearrange 14—Oneida. Franklin. Cache*. Logan. Hyrum.

Districts and Divisions as follows: Benson.

DIVISION NO. 6. Division contest to be held at

DIVISION NO. 1. Division contest to be held Ogdcn. (Mount Ogden in Charge).

at Salt Lake. (Ensign Stake in Charge). District:

District: 15—Malad. Box Elder, Bear River*. Curlew.

Mt. Ogden. Weber, North Weber. Lake. Pioneer, Ensign. Liberty. Granite*. 16—Ogdcn*, 1—Salt North Davis. Grant.

1 2—South Davis. Oquirrh. Cottonwood*. Jordan, 7—Summit*. Morgan.

Tooele. 7. Division DIVISION NO. contest to be held at DIVISION 2. Division contest to NO. be held at

in Payson. Charge). (Nebo

. Salt Lake. (General in charge) Board

District: Wasatch. Utah*. Kolob.

Big Horn. San San 18—Alpine, Luis. Young. District:3—Juarez, Tintic. Palmyra. Millard. Nebo, 19—Juab*. Francisco. Nevada. Northwestern Mission. Dcscret.

Western States Mission. Union, Boise, to be

held in Salt Lake. General Board in charge. DIVISION NO. 8. Division to be held at Manti.

Winners of St. John. Snowflake meet, or the (South Sanpete in Charge).

stake winners of each stake. Winners of St. District:

Joseph, stake Maricopa or the meet, winSanpete*. South Sanpete. Gunnison. 20—North each stake, will this ners of also meet with

Sevier. Sevier*, North South 21—Wayne, district in Salt City. Lake Garfield. Panguitch.

Angeles*. Hollywood. California Mis- 4—Los Sevier. The General Boards will be associated with the sion.

stakes in the matter of conduct of the division Lyman*. 5—Woodruff. meets. DIVISION NO. 3. Division contest held at Salt

Lake City. (General Board in Charge) Dates for the divisional meets for 1928 are

District:6—St. George, Parowan*, Beaver, Moapa. Kanab suggestedDivisions—as follows:2 and 3 will meet the day preceding 7—Taylor*. Alberta. Lcthbridge. the opening of the M. I. A. Annual June 8—Duchesne. Roosevelt*. Uintah. Conference. 9—Emery. Carbon*. Division—8—Monday, May 22.DIVISION NO. 4. Division contest to be held at Division—7—Tuesday. May 23. Pocatcllo..(Pocatello in Charge). Division—6—Friday, May 26.District: Division—5—Saturday. May 2 7. 10—-Yellowstone, Teton, Fremont*. Rigby. Ida Division—4—Monday. May 29. ho Falls. Division—1—Wednesday. May 31. 11—Blackfoot*. Pocatcllo. Shelley. Lost River! Note: Winners in the stake contests will com 12—Cassia. Raft River. Burlcy*. Blaine. Twin pete in the district at the stake marked *. The

Falls, Minidoka. district winners will compete in the division at the

DIVISION NO. 5. Division contest to be held at place designated. District 3 will be held

Preston. (OneidaFranklin in Charge). in Salt Lake City, on the afternoon previous

District:13—Star Valley. Bear Lake, Bannock. Idaho*. toference,the openingGeneralofBoardthe M.in I. Charge.A. GeneralTheJunedivisionConMontpelier. Portneuf. winners will compete at the June Conference.

348 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Increasing Attendance at Mutual Meetings

The Harrisville ward M. I. A. officers all the activities of the associations, the

of the North Weber stake devised a plan magazines, the funds, etc. During Deto increase the attendance, by dividing the cember, as a result, the attendance at the

ward into two parts, and then having the meetings was increased to an average of officers make a thorough canvas of the 150. The meeting on the. first week of

districts for membership enrollment in the January was the largest they had ever had.

Mutual Improvement Associations. The The Gold won over the Green. The

two divisions were named the Gold and promised entertainment and feast was given the Green. The officers, men and women, to the winning officers. It was an enliving in each of the districts were made thusiastic success. It is now designed to

responsible for the canvas, and it was devise plans by which these 150 or more agreed that those who succeeded in obmembers may be kept interested during the taining the greater number of attendants season by stressing their class work and were to be furnished an entertainment by activities to such an extent as to create the officers of the other district. The atsufficient interest to hold the attendance.

tendance in November was 55. The ward We commend the enthusiasm of the

ha9 327 population. The canvas included officers.

He Works

Wayne Pitkin Johnson is the youngest and reached the age of twelve years last son of Bishop and Mrs. Eugene Johnson, summer. Upon joining the Mutual last

fall he took out a Life Membership from his own earnings. He is perhaps one of

the youngest, if not the youngest of the members in the Church to take out Life

Membership in Mutual. He lives in the

Nibley ward, Hyrum stake, Alma Yates, president. We congratulate him upon his

proud achievement, and look to see him proceed in the line of Mutual Improvement until he shall stand at the very head in his stake, with prospects for great advancement in the Church itself. Oscar

I. Hendry is superintendent of Hyrum

stake Y. M. M. I. A. He forwarded the

young man's picture and this information, thinking it may be an incentive for other

Mutual members to follow.

Wayne P. Johnson

Committee to Study Moral Conditions

At a recent meeting of the Joint Boards also considering scope and methods of the of the M. I. A., Superintendent George work of the committee.

Albert Smith announced the appointment The personnel of the committee are:

of a committee to study moral conditions Arthur L. Beeley, chairman; E. E. Erickamong and the outstanding needs of the son, George Q. Morris, Heber C. Iverson,

young people of the M. I, A. The comMary C. Kimball, Marie C. Thoma9,

mittee met at 4 o'clock, December 28, with Clarissa A. Beesley. Executive Director,

a view to organizing and determining a Oscar A. Kirkham, was chosen secretary.

permanent time and place of meeting and

Cache Valley Council, B. S. A.

Top: A group of scouts recently awarded Eagle badges in the Franklin county district.

Senator George E. Crockett, who received the Eagle badge, is over sixty years of age. He

has gradually worked through the ranks from Tenderfoot to Eagle. Senator Crockett is a

member of the Executive Board of the Council. He has a son who also is an Eagle Scout.

The other scouts arc: Wendell Taylor, Weldon McEntire. Leonard Taylor, Bill Hansen,

Cornell Davis. Leo Hawkes, Feme S. Howells. and Le Ray S. Howells.

Center: A picture of the recent Council Older Scout conference held at Logan, Utah;

76 scouts attended this day's session.

Lower: A group of scouts, under Councilsupervision, working in the beet fields. This

particular group worked out of Preston, Idaho; 1.008 scouts were thus organized for this

type of labor during the past year. Victor Lindblad, Scout Executive.

. 1

350 IMPROVEMENT ERA

A picture of the Flying Eagle Patrol of Troop sixtyfour of the Cache

Valley Council (Cache Junction), doing their weekly patrol good turn. These

boys are cleaning the school house from cellar to garret. Mr. Daniel Dyson,

the assistant scoutmaster, is in direct charge of the patrol. Victor Lindblad,

Scout Executive.

What to do in February This month the Advanced Senior deinvitations to attend to all the officers of partment should feature its work. It is all the organizations of the ward.

suggested that the programs should be the It is suggested that the M Men prepare best possible. Advertising should be exfor their March program, especially looktended, and everything done to secure the ing forward to their summer recreation,

best attendance. It is suggested that the and particularly to the work of spring

class provide a joint Sunday evening proclean-ups, in their towns and villages, and gram; that the members be used in the begin to consider their thrift and industry

preliminary program during this1 month; campaign.

and that the class leaders arrange a special Intensive class work, of course, until program one night this month, extending March 3 1

Lessons Continue in all Departments Until March 3

All M. I. A. courses of study are to be time. One evening, sometimes two, have

completed by the end of March. The been left open each month for reviews, or

present season's work began in September supplementary work where lessons have and in the departments about twenty lesneeded additional consideration. Many

sons have been outlined; therefore, it wards, however, have used these extra

should be possible for every class thoroughevenings for testimony meetings.

ly to finish its work in the allotted

Book of Mormon Campaign The Book of Mormon issue of the Era to date the "water has been kept boiling"reached us just as our Book of Mormon with extreme intensity. The price of the

drive had gotten well under way. Its Book was considerably reduced to encourcoming made it possible for many Elders age a wider distribution of it. The Muto have access to timely and effective ideas tuals adopted the slogan, "Every member

in making the campaign successful. The a Book of Mormon salesman."Elders

opening bell of the drive which will last Arthur Gaeth and Forest Holt are giving one month, was sounded on Sept. 1, and illustrated lectures in 30 of our 38

MUTUAL WORK 351

branches where Mutuals are organized this Fortunately we later learned of an addimonth. The pageant, "Scenes from the tional supply at the printer's, so we are

Book of Mormon."has been translated able to fill our orders.

and was presented in at least twelve Our "Waters of Scbus"contest ha9 just branches of the mission on the night of terminated. Of the 3 8 M. I. A. organSeptember 22nd. In all other branches izations in the mission. 24 took part in

plans are well under way for conducting this contest. The quality of the essays

impressive services on this night. Just to is of a high standard and the results of the

demonstrate how successful the campaign contest as shown among our young people has been thus far I will state that it was is gratifying. Not one stone has been left

our intention while drawing up plans for untouched whose turning would mean the the drive to completely sell out our presbringing of this wonderful work before the ent stock of Books of Mormon. Requests people of this mission. M. Elmer Chcisare in our hands for more books, the entensen, mission superintendent M. I. A.,

tire stock of 1,000 books was exhausted. GermanAustrian mission.

Y. M. M. I. A. Statistical Report, December, 1927

c. 'c i31.: o aT3 g a to STAKE w B

r -o & i. a W wc c AT> C 5 nO g o c c

=? c O C 2—$ 5 "ic—C - u B -

o -3 c/3 UJ oz O J < in J5 IL1 < UJ 1 1 oh 5 j < < Jl < < < k< oh 1000 18 15 124 1( 255 332 880 91 78 111 165 445

Bannock 233 7 5 30 43 25 60 178 19 20 12 21 72

Bear Lake—365 11 8 64 71 66 112 313 45 43 27 54 169

Bear River 480 13 13 102 94 90 158 444 66 49 51 90 256 81 256 30 75 28 474 42 110 7Benson 96 77 43|148...... 760 14

1/2 56 36 28 52 6 1 44 1 253 73..... 5 90Big Horn 36 318

Blackfoot 510 13 2 11 16 14] 31 10 53 7 10 4 1 6 28

Blaine.... 226 6 4 21 49 291 71 281 134 20 33 17 3 17 90

365 10 8 58 70 54... 53 235 43 53 40 35 1/1

757 14 14 142 255 230 33 235 865 104 139 156 29 145 573

Burley 288 9 4| 30 30] 17| 14] 27 118 1 17 16 7 10| 13 63

Cache 567 8 8 83 7411071 55|186 505 53 45 51 471129 325

Carbon - 547 6 4 37 66 36 7| 64 208 26 18 10 3| 28 85 160 6 6 48 8l| 60.... 1 501 239 36 60 42 38 1/6

Cottonwood 727 10 10 110 90)170 361284 690 96 70 110 24] 1 9O|5O0 521 12 12 109 1981137 22|172 638 80 93 96 15| 96]380

Emery 508 10 4 34| 42 75. | 91 242 24 19 43 | 49|135

Ensign 958 8 8| 79|185|224 84|291 863 77 125 142 36|1991579 430|11 11|100| 93 1 95 28|151 467 57 54 55 6 114 734 662114 14 1 24|206| 1 78 24|179| 71 1 87 151 136 22|108 504

Granite 1100 9 9 101 100 259 1351302 897 79 57 144 841211 575

Gunnison 279 7 7 49 761 67..... 68 260 31 47 53 1 42 173

338|10 101 9011181183 151103 509 1 71 77 115 ll] 73 34?

500110 8 64| 80| 97 20J163 474 4? 46 59 111 99'257

Idaho Falls 613 12 10 9311661117 281166 570 65 71 57 13 96]302 223 10 9 46| 55 49 43| 41 234 35 35 33 27 28ll58 25 1 1765 1 30] 255)274 175 128 87 122 1435 1183 12 2231303 12 13 242 63 11 9 93 7|16 1201171 66 86 632 1 392 595Logan—

Los Angeles 420| 8 8 77 881209.... 1 1 06 480 64 87 127 11 81|359

Lost River 123 3 3 21 30 10 1 29 90 17 23 6 [9 65 200 7 7 48 80 52 121111 303 1 33 4m 71 51U71

Malad 329 7 7 62 68 81 [118 329 47 32 54 | 751208

Maricopa 430 8 8 74 96 117 13|173 473 57 61 74 10'117 319 16 36| 28 98 421 27| 8 5 194 27 41 50 62 244Minidoka -—761 2l! 17 43i 190 52 42 36 54 260 8 10 64l 77 202

North Davis 425 7 6 56 1 46 104...... 137 343 41 15 45 72 173

352 IMPROVEMENT ERA

2= fe 5uj 2 '2 b j < uj < < North Sanpete 710 10 80 96 165 569| 61 36 338

North Sevier 280 6 42 50 82 288 31 32 31 189

North Weber 650 13 77 29 120 415 56 20 279

Ogden - 876 11 98 12S 206 793 79 61 458

Oneida 369|11 7 4 5 25 5 2 17 Qquirrh 483 61 74 72 26 144 377 47 28 186

Palmyra 475 73 135 136 14 208 565 52 59 320

Parowan 546 53 86 55 ] 129 323 39 44 168

Pioneer 772 85 81 185 43 233 627 58 25 312

Pocatello 5.52 102 132 160 34 190 618 67 62 371

Rigby 516 98 136 61 39 75 409 70 123 42 304

Roosevelt 334 57 104 53 104 318 36 87 32 227

St. George 680 90 142 140 58 154 584 67 94 96 424

Salt Lake 1090 139 124 255 24 354 896 105 80 146 546

San Francisco 373 64 117 123 17 331 49 79 74 226

Shelley 316 88 86 75 108 375 52 43 37 187

Snowflake 290 37 70 49 5 1 J 61| 261 24 53 28] 34 185

South Davis 526 75 99 179 2021 555 60 50 122 399

Summit 465 77 109 97 128 467 60 73 64 308

Taylor 333 59 100 113 54 380 47 5G 55 219

Tintic T 269 20 34 17 21 123 18 16 16 87

Tooele 400 36 50 53 60 219 27 35 26 150

Uintah 415 73 109 119 173| 483 55 69 84 317

Wasatch 392 61 92 71 1521 376 43 44| 47| 231

Wayne 190 19 14 20 27] 99 14 6 12 62

Weber 712 78 78 124 1711 474 56| 40 65 274

Woodruff 325| 6 46 79 48 227[ 31 43 26 134

Yellowstone 360110 71 68 65 2711 49 63 52 214

Star Valley 365|11 91 63 80 340 28 10 17 76

California Mission 430|25 138 187 132 584)108 149 88 435

N. W. States Mission- 1 38 29 42 1301 31 21 31 107

Y. M. M. I. A. Efficiency Rep ort, Decemb er, 1927

2? bo oa.5

o a.a.* jjs 2 STAKE ex

03 < W3 o M -a B 1 c 2 UJ a. S >< c5 c/3o a ll oH

Alpine.... 9 1 7 10 8 9 4 10 1 6 10 6 79

Bannock... 8 7 4 8 4 5 5 4 7 2 55

Eear Lake 9 8 6 3 6 6 7 6 5 6 62

Bear River. 9 | 9 10 8 8 8 9 9 9 9 88

6 | 8 4 5 4 3 4 4? 5 45

Big Horn - - 8 1 7 8 8 8 8 6 1 7 | 6 8 74

Blackfoot 2 18 10 10 10 5 8 10 10 7 80 6 10 5 1 2 2 3 3 | 2 3 VI 6 10 10 5 4 6 9 7 10 8 75 Box Elder 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 9 10 10 99 4 5 3 10 5 2 10 7 7 8 61 9 10 10 9 6 2 8 8 10 8 80 5 5 10 5 6 6 5 8 10 10 70 10 | 10 | 10 | 10 10 [ 10 V 9 10 10 96

MUTUAL WORK 353

Cottonwood 9 10 10 9 10 8 9 10 10 93

Dcscret 10 9 9 10 8 10 9 8 8 81 hmery 8 9 3 5 5. 4 4 3 5 48

Ensign... 9 10 10 10 10 8 7 10 10 91

F'ranklin 10 7 9 10 4 9 10 10 8 87

Fremont 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 100

Granite 9 6 10 10 10 5 8 10 10 84

Gunnison 9 10 9 10 10 9 9 8 10 94

Hollywood 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 100

Hyrum 9 9 8 5 5 | 7 8 8 7 70 Idaho 7 10 10 5 7 | 8 10 8 10 82

Idaho Falls 9 5 7 7 7 | 7 8 7 7 68

Kanab 10 8 10 7 10 | 10 8- 10 10 93

Lcthbridgc 10 10 10 10 10 | 10 7 10 10 95

Liberty 8 9 10 10 10 1 9 10 10 10 95

Logan 10 9 8 10 8 7 8 9 74 Los Angeles 10 10 10 10 10 9 9 10 10 95

Lost River 7 10 7 3 1 6 6 10 5 57

Lyman 10 9 8 8 7 1 7 8 3 6 71 Malad 10 6 10 10 8 1 8 8 10 10 92

Maricopa 10 10 10 10 10 | 10 10 10 10 99

Minidoka 8 6 5 3 4 4 6 6 5 52 Morgan 10 10 10 2 3 10 8 8 4 73

North Davis 8 8 9 10 9 10 9 10 8 85

North Sanpete 8 9 10 10 10 10 5 10 7 87

North Sevier 10 9 6 6 7 5 7 8 6 69

North Weber 7 10 8 7 5 10 8 10 8 81

Ogden - 9 9 10 10 9 9 9 10 10 93

Oneida - 1 10 6 7 5 9 7 7 5 64

Oquirrh 8 8 10 8 5 8 10 10 9 81

Palmyra 10 7 8 8 10 10 10 10 10 92

Parowan 8 10 9 8 1 6 6 7 7 66 Pioneer 8 5 9 10 9 8 5 10 10 80

Pocatello 10 6 10 10 10 10 10 8 10 94

Rigby 8 10 6 8 5 8 8 7 6 74 Roosevelt 9 7 4 1 2! 5 6 6 5 50

St. George 9 10 10 9 7 1 8 9 9 78

Salt Lake.. 8 7 10 7 9 1 9 8 9 10 84

San Francisco 9 10 9 6 9 1 4 7 10 | 8 I 79

Shelley 10 8 10 6 8 1 10 8 7 1 10 I 86

Snowflake 9 10 5 2 2 1 4 5 5 | 48

South Davis 10 10 10 10 10 | 10 10 10 1 10 | 100

Star Valley.. 9 3 5 2 2 5 7 3 1 4 I 43

Summit. 10 10 9 9 4 10 10 9 | 9 88

Taylor. 10 9 8 8 8 8 10 6 10 87

Tin tic 4 10 6 4 4 4 4 2 6 3 I 47

Tooele 6 10 8 3 2 6 6 5 5 | 5 I 56

Uintah 10 10 9 5 8 1 10 I 9 10 10 | 10 | 91

Wasatch 9 9 4 8 6 1 6 I 7 9 7 1 7 I 72

Wayne 5 9 10 1 8 9 6 3 1 50 Weber 7 6 8 6 9 1 10 7 7 10 1 10 | 80

Woodruff 7 9 10 10 5 1 6 I 6 9 6 1 9 I 77

Yellowstone 7 10 7 6 3! 8 I 9 10 10 1 78

California Mission 10 10 9 8 8 1 9 9 9 1 89

N. W. States Mission 10 10 | 8 1 2 6 1 8 9 10 1 81

Note: In 65 stakes reported there are 601 wards, out of which number 515 wards

have reported for December. We commend the stakes that have reports from all their wards.

South Davis stake was entitled last month to 100%. but through an error in computation

in the office, they were given only 98%. South Davis for December also received 100%. so

did Fremont and Hollywood. Stake secretaries are advised to note the method of computing

the average attendance. As reported last year, it was possible to get only 10 or 6: this vear

if computed properly, and according to instructions on the back of the report, the actual percentage may be given. In stakes where orily part of the wards report, in computing the

membership and average attendance, the enrollment of all the wards in the stake must be t.ikin

into account. Two missions are reported and 34 stakes unreported. Please let us make a

complete report for January, by February 10. Grant. Montpelier. Juab. Twin Falls came too

Jate for inclusion.

IN&sEVENTSj/:>&

Elder Lavon Stalling from Lewisville, Idaho, Louis F. Post, former assistant secretary of

was shot, at Columbia, South Carolina, Dec. labor, passed away in Washington, Jan. 10,

20, 1927, while tracting. With Elders 1928, after a brief illness. A native of

Marcus C. Ellis, from Ogden, and Hyrum Vienna, N. J., but a legal resident of Chicago,

Keppner, Rexburg, Idaho, he called at the Mr. Post was noted as a single tax advocate

houses in a certain street. A woman answered and the author of many publications on this

Elder Stalling's knock, and then summoned subject. Post served in the labor department

a man. He was offered a tract which he deduring President Wilson's two administrations,

clined with the remark, "we don't need any and was prominently identified with the of that here."Elder Stalling then turned to wholesale deportations of radicals in 1919 and

go, but just before he got off the porch, the 1920.

man drew a gun and fired, according to the To outlaw war is the object of an invitareport received by Elder Stalling's father. The tion to France to join the United States in

bullet, the report says, pierced the elder's proposing to the principal nations of the body just under the intestines and apparently world a multilateral treaty containing a declarglanced off his hip bone. The elder did not ation "renouncing war as an instrument of

realize that he was wounded, until he stopped national policy."The invitation was puband saw his belt cut in two and blood coming lished by the state department Jan. 3, 1928.

from the wound. He was taken to the hosbut it had been forwarded to Paris on the

pital, but his condition was not thought to preceding Dec. 28, 1927. The proposal is a

be serious. The ruffian who did the shooting reply to the plan suggested by the French

declared it was an accident, according to the foreign minister, M. Briand, for a treaty bereport. tween the United States and France outlawing

Malcolm McAllister, a well known business war between these two countries. It suggests

man of Salt Lake City, died in his home in that other nations be invited to sign the treaty.

this city, Jan. 9, 1928, after an illness that The fate of "The Dawn"is now believed

has lasted for about two years. He was the to have been solved. Captain R. V. Comeau.

son of Mr. and Mrs. Duncan McAllister, born of the schooner. Rose Ann Belliveau, reports

in Salt Lake City 50 years ago. Early in life that on the night of Dec. 23, 1927, at a point

he entered the employ of the Deseret News and 1 8 miles northwest of Nauset beach light on became its advertising manager from 1899 till Cape Cod, he and the crew heard the sound 1903, when he left for a mission to Great of airplane motors which came to an abrupt

Britain. On his return he became first adending within ten minutes, when a heavy

vertising manager for Z. C. M. I., and then splash was heard. It is now thought probgeneral manager for The Intermountain Reable that this tells the final story of the airpublican. After 1908 he has devoted his time plane in which Mrs. Grayson and her pilot,

to the advertising business. His widow, who. Oskar Omdal. and a passenger were trying to

when he married her, was Miss Johanna C. cross the Atlantic. In all probability the

Zitzman of Ogden: his father, two brothers, pilot, that night, had realized that he must

George S. McAllister and W. D. McAllister, make a landing in the sea. The lights of the

and two sisters, Mrs. N. L. Wilson and Miss schooner were sighted, and the plane was

Kate P. McAllister, survive him. brought down as nearly as possible to the

Three aviators crashed to instant death, Jan. schooner, only to go to its doom.

8. 1928, near Rural Grove, seven miles east The heaviest snow fall ever recorded in

of Canajohaire, N. Y., in a farm meadow. Ashley valley was reported from Vernal. Utah,

The fog was so dense that, although the Jan. 1. 1928. After a fall of ten hours'

plane crashed within 100 yards of a farmduration, snow covered the ground to a depth house, and less than 200 yards from a traveled of 17 inches. Joseph Hardy, one of the

highway, the accident did not become known pioneers, says it was the heaviest fall he had until the next morning. The dead: Raymond witnessed in any of the fortynine winters

Henries of Buffalo, a pilot in the airmail he has spent since coming to Vernal. The

service, Captain Edward M. Pauley of Alfarmers declare the storm to be worth a million

bany, a commercial aviator, George F. Benedict dollars for next year's crops.

of Peoria, 111., a merchant, who was interested That battles can be fought without the

in aviation. The bodies of the three victims formality of a declaration of war is evident

were badly mangled, and the plane was badly from the reports that come from Nicaragua, damaged. The force with which the airwhere American marines, on Dec. 30. 1927,

craft struck the earth was so great that the and also on Jan. 1. 1928, bombed a detachmotor was ripped apart, one of the cylinders.ment of "rebels"under General Sandino and

falling 200 feet away from the rest of the chased the survivors to the mountains. The

wreckage. engagement was fought at Quilali. Six

PASSING EVENTS 355

Americans were killed and 28 wounded during Woodruff. Ensign Woodruff. John Woodruff,

the two days of slaughter; how many were Mrs. Julia Park, Mrs. Belle W. Moses and Mrs.

slain on the Nicaragua side is not reported. Sylvia Thompson.

The dispatches say thai American reinforceIs the death rate in the United States inments reached their comrades at Quilali. which creasing? According to statistics published in

was formerly the rebel headquarters, and prepWashington, Dec. 29, 1927, the death rate

arations were going on. Jan. 2. to concentrate per 100,000 population was 1182.3 in 1925.

American columns at that place to crush the and 1222.7 in 1926. The statistics show,

insurgents who arc hidden in the almost infurther, that 1,285,927 deaths occurred in accessible strongholds of the region. The 1926 in the registration area of continental

wonder is that the handful of rebels have United States, which comprised fortyone not already been "crushed"between the Amerislates, the District of Columbia and twentycan marines and the military forces of the five cities in nonregistration states. Heart

Nicaraguan government. disease, pneumonia, nephritis or inflammation

William Nugent Williams, died at his home of the kidneys, cancer and tuberculosis are the in Salt Lake City, Dec. 29. 1927, after a most frequent fatal diseases.

is as illness. the cause given iong Anemia

of Parts southern England were and Wales years of for prominent the death. He was fiercest blizzard the by for many known Salt in City, the business of world and visited Lake

for fourteen years, he was a member of the years, according to reports published Dec. 29.

days Llavantherfour 1927. Grosmont, For State. the legislature of the of As chairman

ine in Llangattock were and Monmouthshire earned appropriations senate committee he on isolated. airplanes was dropped from Foodthe of the treasury,"sobiquet of "the watchdog

in villages into neighboring Westerham and of he was Mr. Williams justly proud. which

distress. to the Kent. adding Floods were

in Wales, Carmarthenshire. was March born

17, 1851, and came to America with his They were widespread in the Ouse valley in parents when 10 years old. Journeying to Huntingdonshire, while the Thames floods,

Utah, he went through the hardships of the from old Windsor to Walton, showed little subsidence. suffering of tales of Bleak pioneers. parents'were signs household goods His

in all the counties snowburied southern of the hauled across plains drawn by a wagon told in were and Wales England London. On all the oxen, almost the walked by and boy

gales easterly too, the sea. prevailed, violent to 17, married way. July 1877, was on He

distress in causing to shipping varying degrees late Clarissa of the Miss daughter Smith, for six villages rural days. were cut Many Apostle Smith, and George A. is now who

supplies off to snowdrifts reported from by president Relief of the Society of the Church.

As Mr. Williams loved good books and good be from ten to fourteen feet high.

music, he was a leading member of several The doctrines of the League of Nations are organizations devoted to music and literature. to be taught in Canadian schools, according

He was president of the Utah Cambrian asto an announcement from Ottawa to the secresociation, succeeding the late Governor Arthur tary of the League. Dec. 28. 1927. In Mani-

L. Thomas, and did much toward bringing to toba, a special chapter on the League has been

Salt Lake three national Eisteddfods. Mr. prepared, to be included in school readers. All

Williams is survived by his widow and seven students of the tenth grade in secondary of their eleven children. These are Mrs. E. G. schools will be required to study a pamphlet

Van Law. Mrs. R. N. Wilson, Mrs. Stanford drawn up by the Canadian League of Nations

Darger. Mrs. John W. James. Miss Bae society.

Williams. George A. Williams and Lyman S. An earthquake somewhere was recorded on

Williams. Surviving also are fourteen grandthe seismograph of Georgetown university.

children. Other relatives living in Salt Lake Dec. 28. beginning at 1:32 p. m. and conarc Mr. Williams'sister. Mrs. Robert H. Hastinuing at intervals for three hours. The dislam, and his brother Thomas J. Williams. turbance was estimated as having occurred

Clara Woodruff Beebe passed away, Dec. 5.900 miles from Washington. The disturb29. 1927, at a hospital in Salt Lake City, of ances were also recorded on the University of

pneumonia, following an operation for apUtah seismograph. From Grass Valley, Cal.,

pendicitis. She was born in Salt Lake City, a sharp earth tremor was felt at 4:12 p. m..

July 23, 1868, the daughter of the late Pres. Dec. 28.

Wilford Woodruff and Mrs. Emma Smith Colonel Charles A. Lindbergh arrived in

Woodruff. The following children survive: Guatemala City. Dec. 28, 1927, from Mexico

Mrs. Veda Byers, Pocatello, Idaho; Mrs. Emma City, having flown over the mountains which

Kelly. New York; Woodruff C. Beebe. Los separate the two countries, the first to make

Angeles; Mrs. Hester Campbell. Texas; Mrs. the flight between the two capitals. The "lone

Margaret Jensen and Miss Ruth Beebe. Salt eagle"evidently was bent on speed; he made

Lake. Eight grandchildren and the following the aerial voyage in much faster time than he

brothers and sisters also survive: Asahcl H. had anticipated. The enthusiastic GuateWoodruff, Mrs. Blanche W. Daynes, David malans had bedecked their automobiles with

Patten Woodruff. Newton Woodruff. Marion bunting: others carried banners with appro356 IMPROVEMENT ERA

priate inscriptions of welcome, and everywhere be in the basement, and will be of the most was to be seen the Stars and Stripes along modern type. Plans for a large pipe organ

with the national colors of the country. are also being included. Contracts call for

Smokeless fuel is to be produced by Utah the completion of the structure, September 15.

coal producing companies at the rate of a 1928.

thousand tons a day, according to the plan The U. S. submarine S-4 was rammed and

announced on Dec. 28, 1927. The Smokeless sunk, Dec. 17, 1927, by the Coast guard

Fuel Company, articles of incorporation for destroyer Paulding off Wood End coast guard which were filed Dec. 27, announces that constation, near Provincetown. Mass. The S-4,

struction will start soon after the first of the which is attached to the New London subyear on a coal processing plant in Salt Lake marine base, was engaged in making an availwhich will entail an expenditure during the ability run. Her complement is four officers

next year and a half of $1,500,000. The and from thirtyfive to forty men. She is

Smokeless Fuel Company has purchased the of the same class as the S-51, which was sunk rights for the Devonian process, which has off Block island September 25, 1925, in been developed by J. B. Jenson, local engineer, collision with the steamship C/fy of Rome

who has operated a test plant in Salt Lake In that disaster, thirtythree officers and men for several years and will use this process in perished. Coast guardsmen who witnessed the

the operation of its plant. The new company collision from the station near by said that

is incorporated for $1,000,000 and has the the Paulding was entering the harbor when following officers: P. E. Athas. president; the submarine suddenly came to the surface

Elias S. Woodruff, vice president; T. C. Winn, dead ahead. There was no time for the

secretary and treasurer; B. H. Mulvihill, general destroyer to change her course, they said, and

manager and director; H. L. Mulliner and J. the vessels crashed.

B. Jenson, directors. Pearl Boyce Wimer, 38, president of the

The new ward chapel at Magna was dediPittsburgh branch Relief Society, Pa., died at

cated, Dec. 18, 1927, by President Rudger her home. Dec. 20, 1927, after a brief illness.

Clawson, of the Council of the Twelve. It is At 17, she was converted, at McConkey, West

a splendid building, modern in every respect, Va.; shortly after moved to Salt Lake City

and erected at the cost of about $21,000. The with husband, Edgar Wimer. They were marUtah Copper Company's contribution toward ried in the temple, took active part in Church

the building was $1,500. affairs, resided there three years and moved to

Robert Burt, oneyear old baby, was snatched Pittsburgh where they have resided since. She

from his mother's arms and carried down the was president of the Relief Society in Pittsice-laden waters of the north fork of Snake burgh for two years, and is known by many river, at St. Anthony, Idaho, when an icefor her untiring efforts in forwarding the

jam above the steel bridge, where the Yellowgospel, and for kindness to missionaries and stone highway crosses the river gave way, Dec. Saints. She is survived by her husband, three

20, 1927. Mrs. William Burt, the mother, children, Arnold 16, Horace 14, and Clara 13,

and three other children were saved only after and two brothers, and three sisters.

a heroic struggle in the icy waters. Mrs. Grant J. Christiansen, son of Soren Christiansen

Parker, wife of an inrlructor in the St. and Caroline Loft, died in Salt Lake City.

Anthony high school, and their four children Dec. 26, 1927. He was born near Aarhus.

were also saved from the flood which enDenmark. April 17, 1855. He came to Utah

gulfed their home as well as that of Mr. Burt. in 1860 and settled in Fountain Green in

Other property damages running into several 1861, where he has resided since. He assisted

thousands of dollars, resulted from the flood. in 1873 in building the St. George temple and

The ground for a new chapel in the First filled a mission to Scandinavia in 1882 to ward, Provo, was dedicated on Sunday, Dec. 1884 in the Aarhus conference. He became

18. 1927. by President T. N. Taylor, of the a temple worker in the Manti temple and in

Utah stake, after a program had been renAugust, 1891, was made bishop of Fountain dered in the Social hall of the ward. The Green ward and served for twentyfive years.

exercises were held under the direction of He was married in the Endowment House to

Bishop Walter Whitehead of the ward, who Ellen Jane Oldroyd, May 29, 1876. He had

gave a short talk. According to President thirteen children; seven sons and three daughTaylor, money for the new edifice will be ters are now living. He was active in civil

raised by popular subscription, a great deal affairs. He served on the town board in

being already pledged. The building, which Fountain Green and was county commissioner

will cost in the neighborhood of $72,000, of Sanpete county for six years. The funeral

will be built where the social hall now stands. services were held at Fountain Green on Dec.

It will be of the Georgian type of architecture. 29, 1927. A number of speakers paid glowThe recreation hall will be an additional wing. ing tributes to his life and character, and

The heating plant and ventilating system will the floral offerings were many and beautiful.

Advertising Policy of the Era We incept only the hieliewt elans of advertising. We recommend o our

readera the tirma and cooda fonml in on* advertising paem

ADVERTISERS IN THIS ISSUE Beneficial Life Ins. Co. Southern Pacific Lines

Bureau of Information Taylor Motor Car Co.

Deseret Book Store Utah Home Fire Ins. Co.

Deseret News Utah Radio Products Co.

Fleischmann's Yeast Utah Sugar Co.

Jos. Wm. Tavlor, Undertaker Whitehall Hotel

Medical Arts Garage Woolley, Mfg. Chemist

L. D. S. Business College Zion's Cooperative Merc. Inst.

Salt Lake Knitting Co.

HUMOROUS HINTS

A longlegged sheep in the Himalayas is able to run forty miles an hour. Thai's the

kind of little lamb to follow Mary nowadays. Arkansas Gazette.

An Eastern college professor says married men are smarter than single men. Then why

do the married men send the single ones to college? El Paso Times.

Don't dodge responsibility. When a bee comes under the windshield, slop the car yourself instead of trusting to a telephone pole. Publishers Syndicate.

The oldest bank president is retiring after fiftyfour years of service. A man who

has been saying "No"that long ought to give his voice a rest. Dallas News.

CHRYSLER STANDARDIZED QUALITY In 40 Body Styles Ranging in Price From

\J Ami Upwards O / Yon Get More—

You Pay Less—

For a CHRYSLER And you deal with a dependable and efficient organization, equipped to give the best automobile service.

TAYLOR MOTOR CAR CO.

Motor Ave. and 2nd East Salt Lake City, Utah

SALES AND SERVICE EVERYWHERE SALESMEN Get an agency for my TRUE FRUIT flavoring extracts; flavors: Vanilla,

Lemon, Orange, etc., non alcoholic, and reap a harvest of gold.

Write for prices and terms. Address

F. B. WOOLLEY, JR., Phg.

Manufacturing Chemist 422 21st Street, Ogden, Utah

There are said to be thirtysix original dramatic situations, and whenever we go to the movies we wonder whatever became of the other thirtyfive. New York Evening Post.

One Enough. "My daughter can converse in five different languages."the father proudly

told his friend. "Shsh, don't let William overhear you,"was the startling reply, "or he

may change his mind about marrying her."A. E. H.

Workman says he was promoted in the Ford plant at Detroit the other day. He now

tightens up bolt A instead of bolt B on the radiator. Florida TimesUnion.

The oldfashioned fellow who never thought anything of walking eighteen or twenty miles in an afternoon has a grandson who never thought of it either. Detroit News.

Cookbook for brides advertises itself as giving "Concrete rules for making biscuits."It

should be pointed out that concrete is used in the abstract. Arkansas Gazette.

NEAR NEW MISSIONARY HOME AND

EAGLE GATE FIRST CLASS—QUIET AND RESPECTABLE

30 South State Street Salt Lake City

Dr. John T. White, Proprietor

$1.00 to $2.00. Double $1.50 to $2.50 Rooms—Single

By the Week $6.00 to $12.00

Special Rates to Missionaries

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

MEDICAL ARTS GARAGE 1 j mock Last STORAGE UTAH HOTEL PARKING 4<5 E. So. Temple

Open to the General Public

24 Hour Service WASH ING—GREASING—GAS—OILS

"Live dangerously from Saturday to Monday."advised the romantic Louis Stevenson.

How "R. L. S."would have rejoiced in the automobile era! Chicago Daily News.

The manager of the music store reports the following reply from a colored boy to whom he offered a fine gold saxophone for $195.

"Oh, sah, ah don't intends to pay that much fo'any see ah jess playsit fo'mah own amazement."saxophone—yo'

a few days U. S. As She Is Spoke.—A distinguished foreigner, who was visiting our city

ago. after a pleasant interview with some of our leading officials, was told by them, in the

usual way. upon leaving, of the great pleasure it had been to them to meet him. With great

gravity and unction the foreign gentleman replied: "And I, too. have enjoyed meeting

with 'you guys.'"Noticing the look of amusement on the faces of his hearers, he innocently

asked: "Is that not right?"After a brief explanation, he joined heartily in the laugh at

his expense. M. F. K. Pye.

Did Ton Ever Think of This?

If you are not specifically trained for some type of useful employment it will not be long before the world will point its finger at you and call you a failure.

Ours is a school of opportunity. Here you have a chance

to do the best you can, independently of what anybody else may do.

EVERY MONDAY we open the doors of opportunity when shall we have the privilege of welcoming you?

L. D. S. Business College

Write for Information "Utah's Largest Commercial Training SchooV'

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA $18,391.36 Paid

To readers of the Deseret News

Protect Yourself and Family One Year—One Dollar

The wise person will act now.

Tomorrow may be too late Call or Write TRAVEL k J $hf JnrtuzNfWB? BtBtttt**** fPEDESTRIANPEDESTRIAN ANDfJ 550 Was. City, I tali Salt Lake Br uC ACCIDENT4CCIDENT

INSURANCE Employer—"Was there ever such a girl? You lose your pencil, you lose your paper,

you lose your lose everything.""Not everything.notes—youI haven't lost my temper."

Small boy who had been reading the New Testament: "Father, doesn't the Bible say

the earth will not be drowned with a flood again?"

Father: "Yes, my boy."

Small boy: "Then why does it say there will be a thousand year reign?"O. B.

Our paper money is to be made smaller. Already we are stretching ours to make

ends meet. Greenville Piedmont.

With the Red menace, the Yellow peril, the blue laws and the negro problem, this is certainly a colorful world. Florence (Ala.) Herald.

ce I Owe My Present Good Condition to Fleischmann's Yeast"

"About a year ago,"writes Rilda Bingham of Provo, Utah, "my face was covered with pimples and blotches for which I had tried numerous remedies.

"I was advised by several friends to try Fleischmann's Yeast and finally, as a last resort, I started taking three cakes daily, feeling that it could do no harm.

"After taking it for about two months I began to notice a decided improvement in my appearance as well as feeling so much better. Now my complexion is perfectly smooth and clear.

"I am glad to recommend the Yeast to any one troubled as I was, for I feel I owe my present good condition and appearance to Fleischmann's Yeast."

Fleischmann's Yeast is a simple, fresh food, that relieves constipation, aids clears health. skin tones whole digestion, the and you up the buoyant

in system—givesit plain, nibble meal. before each a Eat day, one the cake from Eat three cakes

small pieces; dissolved in water, cold or hot (not scalding) or any way you prefer.

FLEISCHMANN'S YEAST At All Grocers'

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Reading

Brings wisdom to the young, and instruction to the old—it brings

solute to everyone.

We have laid in a wonderful supply of new hooks for the boys and girls—books that instruct

while they amuse—that entertain

while they impart wisdom.

From the kiddies just able to understand Mother Goose Rhymes, to the more advanced pupil of the High School, we have books that suit every taste.

Come in and let us show them to you or write us for circulars.

Deseret Book Company 44 EAST ON SOUTH TEMPLE

JOSEPH WILLIAM TAYLOR

UTAH'S LEADING 1872 UNDERTAKER 1927 Best Equipped for Calls Night or Day in or Out of the City

Price of Caskets at Your Suiting—Services the Latest Advancement

Phones Wasatch 7600, Both Office and Residence 2125 SOUTH WEST TEMPLE STREET

Fire Is No Respecter Of Persons

You may wait till tomorrow to insure but the fire may not.

"See our agent in your town"UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.

HEBER J. GRANT & CO, General Agents Salt Lake City, Utah

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, fLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

BEN NETT the IS THE TIME "ra"C phw NOW To BENNETT BENNETT SIMONIZ GAS GAS Your Car "Motorists Wize SIMONIZ"Keep Your Car Looking New 10 Orange Colored Stations at Your Service

Accessories, Alemiting, Washing

Ask Your Dealer for Z. C. M. I.

FactoryMade

Children's Allovers Khaki and WhiteKhaki and Peggy

Backed Denim for Boys. Clothes, Dutch Knt, for

Girls.

The Famous

MOUNTAINEER OVERALLS

Give Splendid

Satisfaction

Suppose We Should Guarantee You the Fulfilment of these it Marvelous? Think You Not Desires—Would

accident honld suddenly snatch or IllnessYour Income to continue even though college for your Incomeyou for or render away you unfit work. An

now. In ten yearswife—afromeducation for children. ownership of your home your The

The possibility of retirement and the joy of travel and leisure In your later years.

Impossible? Absolutely not. These dreams fan b- realised

If you act now—Make today's hopes realities tomorrow.

A Beneficial Policy Is the Key to Success

Blots oat your worries—Brings peace of mind

Beneficial Life Insurance Go.

Home Office. Vermont Bid*.—Salt Lake

jcuoioic Heber J. Grant, President Lorenso N. Stohl, Manager

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS. PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA