>;'"'''4- Jit

IMPROVEMENT

"f

Bto iwJ'1 "*'

.-;/ ':.:;..: \ *'

frMi.0 "''''frjmtog'

*si- r

tr 5f!

>.-,:'t

watnmna m this Jfi55ne an enlightening series of articles on the Book of Mormon * "LEHI IN THE DESERT"By Hugh Nibley, Ph.D. JANUARY 1950

Lots of hot water F Is needed in the average home{Ktthese days. With a GAS water heater It of adequate size there

will always be plenty L of hot water on tap. If you have

a growing family,.1

Here's the size of was/ier,ffyj a dish washer... refer to AUTOMATIC GAS matic

WATER HEATER thisAsizing chart and replace your your family needs present GAS water heater with one ILarge

Number Number Storage Cap.Bathrooms Bedrooms Gallons *$

enough for both present and future needs 1 1 or 2 30 See us, or your GAS appliance dealer 1 3or4 40

2 2 or 3 40

2 4 or 5 50 3 3 50 MOUNTAIN FUELT SUPPLY COMPANY

Serving Twentysix Utah and Wyoming Communities 3 or 4 4or5 75 By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR

QOY J. Pence of the Division of

A Entomology, University of California at Los Angeles, has succeeded in making some remarkable photographs showing how objects look through the compound eye of the dragonfly. The lens system of

crystalline cones which make up the transparent facets was removed and placed on a microscope slide, the image formed by the light passing through the lens was photographed through a microscope. The picture

shown is magnified about three hundred times and shows a single woodtick two inches from the eye and directly against the light.

TOWN HOUSE Cookies by Purity cost you only 16 2A$ a dozen.* They contain loads of chocolate

drops, real pecan, nuts, pure creamery butter and other choice ingredients. These expensive materials, plus.the value of your own time, would

make the cost of homemade chocolate chip cookies far more than the low price of TOWN

HOUSE Chocolate Drop Cookies.

And—you always get perfectly baked and perfectly delicious cookies—no disappointments—when you buy TOWN HOUSE Cookies.

Get a package or two at your grocer's today.

"C'xperiencethat the hasfastestshowntypesin astronomyof photographic plates would have to be exposed for about one minute to record what the darkadapted eye can barely see. A threeminute exposure would

record a star of one magnitude fainter than the eye can detect. *>. i5w*ty

7V new artificial sapphire lens has been used in a motion picture camera developed at the University of ptCs idCHOC Rochester. It is almost impossible to "Sold in cellophanescratch and its high index of refracwrapped cartons which

littletion, with changes which cookies the average 34 the the light, images improvescolor of prevailing rot*"1 CHOCOAft the apiece. At

produced. retail price of 47{ a

package the cost would /Genesis 19:1 relates that "Lot sat be 162M a dozen.

-* in the gate of Sodom."Professor

William F. Albright reports that

archaeologists at Tell alNasbah have found long stone benches in the partly PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY SALT LAKE - PHOENIX enclosed area, just outside the gate.

JANUARY 1950 A Fowler Water Heater NEWEST APPOINTEES 10 M.I. A. GENERAL BOARDS ARE

costs less than QUALIFIED FOR SERVICE

and Gleaner teacher and held various other Church positions. She has been

assigned to the drama committee of the general board.

Mrs. Demars is the wife of Ellis

T. Demars who was recently appointed to the Y. M. M. I. A. general

When Fowler heats water in the board. She is a graduate of the

home there's always plenty to L. D. S. University where she won

go around. the Heber J. Grant scholarship award,

less For than 2c a day you and she later graduated from the Unican electric a Fowler own water heater that supplies these daily versity of Utah with highest honors.

requirements of the average HARRY CLARKE SHARON R. BOUD Active in ward and stake assignfamily of four: ments, she has taught in Sunday

I. A., been HP he latest appointments to the genSchool, Primary, and M.

DISHWASHING 6 gals. eral boards of the Mutual ImproveaMutual,counselorand anda memberpresidentof ofthea Reliefward

ment Associations are Harry Clarke, Society presidency. She has served

Sharon R. Boud, Jeannette H. Demars,

LAUNDRY... 15 gals. and Leonora Nelson Sorensen. (See

The Improvement Era, "The Church

Moves On,"September and October ilk 1949, pages 616 and 692.)

Elder Clarke, a convert to the

Church from England, filled a fulltime mission to his native land under jY SHOWERS... 10 gals. President George F. Richards, then

president of the European Mission, during World War I.

All OTHER USES.... 45 gals. After coming to Salt Lake City, he

filled a twoyear stake mission in the old Granite (Salt Lake City) Stake JEANNETTE H. DEMARS LEONORASORENSENNELSON

and also was a member of the Sunday

School of that board stake. Later,

I. stake as a A. dance ward and M. he a was of the Y. member M.M.I. DAILY FAMILY in A. director throughout places various Qfi of the Salt board Stake. Lake During REQUIREMENTS fifteen the the past during Church?f.V GALS. II, he World the served Church War is five years. chilthe of She mother 20 year * prorated cost of a as assistant military for coordinator Fowler 40gallon porcelaindren. the to She assigned has been

lined water heater. the western states. He is a welldance committee of the general board.

known Salt Lake City musician and a Mrs. Sorensen attended the Juilliard

of staff the member of station radio YOURS...when you in Institute Art of Musical York New

is to KSL. assigned special the He a buy 194445 during and FOWLER graduated from

interest the of committee general Porcelainlined, rustproof tank. 4 in University 1947. the of Utah DurSafety board. "black heat"elements. 4 ing 194647 instructed she time part Automatic temperature controls. V Mrs. Boud, of wife Boud, John W. in at the the dance department UniEfficient triple 1/ insulation.

V 20 year prorated warranty. former navy chaplain, graduated from versity and at the Stewart Training

V Capacities: 5 to 80 gallons. East High School in Salt Lake City School. Since her graduation she has

4 Approved by Underwriters'in 1943, winning a scholarship to study been a fulltime member of the UniLaboratories.

speech dramatics and Uniat Denver faculty. versity of has comShe Utah See FOWLER at your dealer's or versity. Later she studied at Stanford of write pleted her Master toward work tor complete information.

University (California), Brigham Arts degree and has served as pianist

Young University, and the University in the Manhattan (New York) and of Utah. Following the completion of the Marlborough (Salt Lake City)

her college training she filled a mission wards. She has served as chorister

in the Northern States, laboring in in the Marlborough Ward for three

Also manufacturer of Iowa and Illinois. years. She has been assigned to the

FOWLER GAS WATER HEATERS She has worked as drama director dance committee of the general board.

TWO MORE BOARD MEMBERS NAMED

j/Tarie Stuart and Ethel Baker Callis, both of Salt Lake City, have

Stec&Ue will servebeen appointedon the specialto the interestY.W.M.I.A.committee,GeneralwhileBoard.Mrs. MissCallisStuarthas

been assigned to the drama department. Their pictures and further WATER HEATERS

information concerning them will appear in the February ImproveFOWLER MANUFACTURING COMPANY 2545 S. E. Gladstone Portland 2, Oregon ment Era.

THE SUBLIME STORY OF JESUS TOLD IN A WAY THAT MAKES

YOU FEEL AS IF YOU WERE THERE!

Throughout the centuries, the story of derfully close to the modern reader. Here,

Jesus has brought inspiration and subindeed, is a reading experience to be deeply lime happiness to untold millions of people. enjoyed and cherished forever by every

Its divine message is forever new, everlastmember of your family. As the author of

ingly beautiful. It has been told many numerous religious works and creator of the

times, the perhaps but most inspiring and beloved radio program Story "The Greatest written, version accurate ever of outside

Told,"the Ever is especially Fulton Oursler is this Bible itself, masterwork by Fulton

Oursler. Simply and reverently, everyqualified to write this great book. The pubwhere true to the Gospels, he unfolds the lisher's retail edition is priced at $2.95, but

timeless story, bringing Jesus and those read below how you may have your copy whose lives were entwined with His wonas a free Membership Gift.

TOBOTHNEW MEMBERS OF THE FREE

Family Reading Club Guarantee: The Club guarantees

the excellence of all books and if any selection meets with your disapproval simply return it mum within for full 30 days credit. Yes, you are invited to accept a was founded to find books for the

of copy Greatest "The Story Ever whole are which family—books

as Told"your free Membership worthwhile, interesting and enterGift for joining the Family Reading taining without being objectional in of a copy way. "The any Read, below, how the

first White Club now—plusSail"as your free Bonus Family Reading operates. Club

Book. The Family Reading Club

A TALE OF ADVENTURE AND YOUNG LOVE - BY ONE OF

AMERICA'S MOST POPULAR AUTHORS

Beautiful Lorna Newcomb and big Scott sett's "The White Sail"is priced at

Mendell both sought escape in the peace- $2.50, but you may have your copy as

ful Cape Cod town of Belleport... he your first free Bonus Book when you join

from his terrifying memories of the great the Family Reading Club. Read, below,

war, she from a strange tragedy in her what membership in the Club can mean past. What happened when they met to you and your family; then mail the

—withmakes a adelightfuldash of newmystery—thatkind of loveawokestory couponGreatest forStoryyourEverfree Told"copies andof "The"The

the sleepy little town with a bang! The White Sail."Send no money at this

publisher's edition of Sara Ware Bastime—just the coupon.

BOOKS FOR THE FAMILY BIG '> AT WHOLE SAVINGS! T Mail Coupon Now!! Each month publishers are invited to selections ship. All are new, complete,

submit books they believe will meet the wellprinted and bound; each will be a

Family Reading Club standards. Our real addition to your library.

Editors select then the they book can FREE BOTH Free Books "Bonus"MEMBERSHIP WITH recommend most enthusiastically to distributes Reading Club Family The members. are the These books which THE GREATEST STORY EVER TOLD free sefor a four each "Bonus"Book every member of your family can read and take. lections books meet These you to books read be with pleasure, rememthe standards, high can Club's and you THE SAIL bered WHITE discussed and delight, with and

fine this build library a up home way. in retained library your with pride. home Family Club, Reading Dept. 1ER for of purchase books only $1.89 instance, For recent among books which Mineola, York New of the publishers'prices Theeach—instead members obtained through the are Club in Please enroll the Family me Reading Club and to of $2.75 to you $3.50—saves 25% fine the such send listed books me two as as free books above "Peace of my Mind,"

of dollars. Gift book free your Membership and And Book. Bonus when Each 35% Milton Stories "Complete of the

will a month you of the send review firstme Cluh's the free figis the of value Books Bonus Great such outstanding forthcoming reor Operas"—andCross'accept selection—which may in, ured actually as save as you much fiction bestsellers I as ject Elizabeth as choose. are There I no dues Goudge's membership

the or that fees—only requirement a I accept "Pilgrim's Inn"and Paul I. Wellman's 50%!

of selections four the during Club comChain.""The Join Now—Send No Money minimum ing twelve at months only plus $1.89 each, postage

What Membership Means to You If you believe in a book club which and handling.

There is no charge for membership in will appeal to the finest instincts of every Mr.

the Club beyond the cost of the books member of your family, let us introduce Mrs.

themselves. You pay only $1.89 each you to the Family Reading Club by Miss (Please Print)

(plus delivery) for the books you pursending you the two books described Street and No.

chase after reading the book here review mail membership. Just FREE with

which comes each month. It is not City. ': Zone... State coupon. necthe as this offer However, may

—onlyessary tofourpurchasseeach yeara bookto retaineverymembermonth beto withdrawnmail the couponat any now!time we urge you Occupation UnderAge; if21

FAMILY READING CLUB MINEOLA, NEW YORK \ Same Price in Canada: 105 Bond St., Toronto 2

JANUARY 1950 3 KJWiciai {-Jpqan o THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD

TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF

-Jke Lnufch of

deSui Khrist

or cd.atter-a.au Sainti

rV n> n> VOLUME 53 r>J NUMBER 1 J-anuarf 1950

Editors: GEORGE ALBERT SMITH - JOHN A. WfDTSOE - RICHARD L. EVANS

Managing Editor: DOYLE L. GREEN

Associate Managing Editor: MAR8A C. JOSEPHSON

Manuscript Editor: ELIZABETH J. MOFFITT - Research Editor: ALBERT L. ZOBELL, JR.

"today's Family"Editor: BURL SHEPHERD - Art Director: NELSON WHITE

Contributing Editors: SIDNEY B. SPERRY - FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR. - HUGH NIBLEY

G. HOMER DURHAM - LEE A. PALMER - ARCHIBALD F. BENNETT

General Manager: ELBERT R. CURTIS - Associate Manager: BERTHA S. REEDER

Business Manager: JOHN D. GILES - Advertising Director: VERL F. SCOTT

The s Page Happiness—and this New Year George Albert Smith 13

Church Features ary'sThesnowpoetichascharmbeen strikinglyof Januin this portrayed photograph by Lehi I in the Nibley Desert—Part 14 Hugh

Roberts. H. Armstrong Jr. Zobell, Years Twenty in the Czechoslovakian 32 Mission...Albert L.

Mission to Polynesia—IX Doyle L. Green 34 Message from the First Presidency—An Editorial 40

I. A. an M. From Diary—an Editorial EXECUTIVE OFFICES AND EDITORIAL Evidences Reconciliations: and CXLI—Where wasJohnthe A.GardenWidtsoeof 41 Main Street 50 North Eden? 42

Salt Lake City 1, Utah Appointees Newest to M.I.A. Gen53 NoLiquor-Tobacco Column

Inc., Funds, Copyright a Corpora1950 by Mutual are Qualified eral Boards Presiding Bishopric's 2 The Page -.54 tion of the Men's Improvement Mutual Young

The Church Moves On 8 September Missionaries 56 Association of the Church of Jesus Christ of

Melchizedek Priesthood 52 October Missionaries 58 Latterday Saints. All rights reserved. Subscription price, $2.50 a year, in advance; foreign

subscriptions, $3.00 a year, in advance; 25c

Special Features singleEnteredcopy.at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah,

What Shall I Talk About—III Louise Linton Salmon 17 atas specialsecondclassrate ofmatter.postage Acceptanceprovided forforin mailingsection

Tale Jr. L. Zobell, A Tall from Way Down East Albert 18 1103,1918. Act of October 1917, authorized July 2, The Grows 22 Widtsoe A. John ERA

This Time—or Never Forace Green 24 The Improvement Era is not responsible for unThe Missionaries Elizabeth S. Beckwith 26 solicited manuscripts, but welcomes contributions.

Salisbury Josephine Donna H. S. Smith—Ina Coolbrith 27 All manuscripts by sufficient must be accompanied

..Louise Understanding 28 Youth Browning postage for delivery return. and

Handout Diet P. K. Edmunds 36

The Spoken Word from Temple Square Richard L. Evans 38 Change of Address

Exploring the Universe, FranklinToday's Family Burl Shepherd dress.Fifteen Whendays'noticeorderingrequireda change,for changeplease includeof adslip address recent from issue of the a magazine. I....44 S. Harris, Jr 1 Fabric Finishes—Part Address changes be unless cannot the old made Times, These 44 Blueprint for Beauty G. Homer Durham.. 5 address is well as as the new included. one

New Year's Resolutions, Hattie Fireside Refreshments 46 6 Strengthen P. McGavin Liberty, Rock M.

...51 National Advertising Representatives Verna Kirkham W. Goddard Passes 10

On the Bookrack 43 Your Page & Ours 80

EDWARD S. TOWNSEND

Stories, Poetry San Francisco and Los Angeles

ASSOCIATES SADLER & SANGSTON the Fort on..Albert R. 30 The Lyman Firing Line—XVI New York

Susie the and Estelle Subconscious 20 Thomas Webb

LYTLENIEMAN Frontispiece, Fragile as a Tinted Winter Football, Thelma Ireland..60 Chicago

Butterfly, Georgia Moore EbNeighborhood Lights, Katharine erling i 11 Welles Wheeler 64 Poetry Page....: 12

Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

WHAT'S AHEAD?

By DR. G. HOMER DURHAM Mexico, and any other states involved,

Head of Political Science Department, look forward and effectively enfranUniversity of Utah chise these people. Maybe if they

get the votes, will can us rest of Pressmmmmmmmmmmmm begin Desereti wMmraiu—News—! i mi little attention to a the to pay broken

lies treaties and promises. The people ofThe new year dawns. What

existing situaahead? To project City, Brigham receive Utah, will a Now has...

for patternstions some may indicate their chance to belief in demonstrate 1950. gospel, in Christian adjusting the life of The Largest and the to their community new IntermounIn Russia, we are told, they are

tain Indian there with atomic energy. School opening mountainsmoving in The Most Modern success 1950 In China, thousand for some the Communists'two Navajo

continues. Interesting events to watch children, aged six to eighteen. Printing Plant

will be the diplomatic "recognition"of Incidentally, you parents! Look

the Red regime, followed by the exit around at your family at the dinner and Bindery of Nationalist Chinese diplomats from table tonight. Look especially at your

United States and other foreign emsix-yearold boy or girl. You want in the Intermountain West

bassies; the replacement of Nationalists him or her to attend school (and for

by Red Chinese delegates in the Seyour taxes, a bargain, you'll get twelve In its new plant the curity Council, General Assembly, and years free public education for them). )

other organs of the United Nations, Moreover, your boy or girl will walk Deseret News Press has

Will the United States perhaps five minutes to installed a model printing recognize Red China? If a clean warm building

not, what will our attiand be able to come plant and bindery to tude be, and what kind home for lunch. They, serve the Intermountain

of situation will develop too, love their children when Red delegates apand want them to be West. New highspeed colsix-pear But their educated. at the United Naor presses and equipment,

to willtions? have yearolds

The United Nations, go all the way to Bushgreatly increased floor meanwhile, moves slownell, in Brigham City ly forward. The new center in New... and won't be home for lunch! space, and additional

York City is under construction as There is pathos in that picture! skilled printers have exthe organization continues its fifth Elsewhere in 1950, South Pacific

year. The fifth year of the League will continue its run. "SomeEn- panded our capacity far

of Nations, 1924, was its high point, chantedEvening"—Mary Martin will beyond that of our former

marked by the illfated treaties of cease washing her hair nightly on mutual assistance and guarantee and Broadway but probably not this year. plant which was one of

the "Geneva Protocol."This kind of A congressional election, November the large plants of this

situation, along different lines, con1950, will highlight public affairs in fronted the United Nations during the United States, while British Socialarea.

1949 with the U. S.—western bloc's ist government will face its major test

"Atlantic opens, Pact."As 1950 it at the before polls sometime July 1950. Here you will find facilstands thatappears a fair the U.N. In will be America, watchsome folk

chance of continuing "onward and uping both elections to see whether the ities, equipment and perward,"perhaps avoiding decline in Republican Party has a future and the function or prestige. More than any British Socialists a past. Others will sonnel capable of tremenother power, including the U.S.S.R., be watching to see whether Jimmy dous volume of highest

the United States of America will Roosevelt is elected governor of Calidetermine the U.N.'s 1950 role in fornia, and whether his younger quality printing of all

human affairs. brother Franklin D.. Jr., will make a kinds from stationery,

Closer home, the Navajo Indian try in New York.

population of the United States, some Population is rising nearly everycards and circulars to 65,000 souls, should serve to remind where in the world, posing problems magazines, catalogues us of a keeper's responsibilities toand creating opportunities. The growwards his brethren on this planet. This ing electorate will provide steady and other large orders.

tragic but proudly individualistic group pressure for increased services and exof human beings represents the ( 1 penditures. And on this latter point Whatever your printing

poorest, (2) most diseaseridden, (3) the debate will go on and on during needs send your orders to leasteducatedStates—and constitutesgroup in nothingthe Unitedless ernment1950, as tobudgets,whetherlikeexpandingcorporation,govdisgrace.than a national labor union, church, lodge budgets, In an age and

is their potential not. individualism deTheDeseretNews Press represent orwhen progress The

ingredient,badly will as a social S. cennial proneeded U. Census (1950) Salt Lake City, Utah (for education the for sides fresh whites!) vide ofwhen public data both

is a national fetish, it seems high time argument. It will probably be an

that Utah, Colorado, Arizona, New exciting year!

JANUARY 1950 5 NEW YEARS RESOLUTIONS B, JJattie P. UQa

HILLSIDE STAKE GLEANER LEADER WE holdare ofstandinga new year.on theThethreshpass- notoday,one butwhotherebowsaredownmanytointerestsan idol

ing of time is mechanically that call us away from the service marked off by clocks and calendars, and worship of God. Vain worldly

and its passing moves us through ambition, desire for public praise, many changing patterns. the accumulation of wealth and the

Gradually, yet so quickly do we lure of excessive pleasures are just grow older that we may still con- a few of the idols whom we worship sider ourselves very young. So today. Let us remember to include

quickly do we pass from youth to a more sincere worship of God in age that the ideals and dreams of our list of resolutions.

our youth, so sure of fulfilment then, The angels'song which greeted no longer seem a part of us. When the shepherds on the hills of Judea

we realize the leisure with which proclaimed Christ's mission in the we made vital decisions, the unstrains, "Glory to God in the highconcern with which we postponed est, and on earth peace, good will our preparation, we become sometoward men."(Luke 2:14.)

what frightened when we realize He gave the formula in this adwhat little time we have left. Sudmonition, "Love your enemies, bless

denly we are aware there are none them that curse you, do good to so young but that it is time to begin them that hate you, and pray for to prepare for life and none so old them which despitefully use you and but they must be conscious of every persecute you."(Matt. 5:44.)

day's actions. Never was there a time when perseWith the beginning of each new cution was so intense or hatred; more

year there is a rejuvenation of hope bitter, yet in his dying his love overand expectancy which heralds its flowed from his lips in a prayer, arrival. It affords a grand opportu- "Father, forgive them; for they

nity for us to take inventory of our know not what they do."(Luke

lives. 23:34.) That power which was

A review of the sorrows, disaplarge and divine in Jesus is to be pointments and failures of the past found in a lesser degree in all of year can give us greater strength God's children, and it grows and to overcome and achieve during the blesses us only as we cultivate it.

coming year. As we size up ourLet us resolve to have greater love

selves, we may quickly judge the for our fellow men, through cultisuccess achieved in home or busivating in our own hearts more mil ness,much butwe ithaveis difficultgrown tointellectuallyknow how tolerance,preciation ofunderstanding,those with whomand apwe or spiritually. We can evaluate our associate.ACCORDION TYPE DOORS obedience to definite commandments Are we becoming increasingly

Save Space such as payment of tithes and ofthoughtful of and helpful to others?

Eliminate Swing Area of Convenferings or keeping the Word of Are we more courteous and kind to tional Type Doors Wisdom, but it's hard to measure those with whom we live?

Duty Double do Rooms Make the to commandment, response our save all day plan, and work, We of Colors Variety Wide with thy the Lord God "Love the temporal to procure all after day Free Assure Easy, Trouble Operall thy soul, and with and thy heart our will brighten that of life things ation with all thy mind."(Matt. 22:37.) homes and bring happiness to those

That love can only be measured by we love most, but we never give a modernfold the way we keep his commandthought to training our emotions to ments. He has said, "Thou shalt do and say those things that will

Write or Phone have no other gods before me"bring peace, understanding, and a ior Free Literature (Ex. 20:3), and our minds revert greater love and appreciation in our

to the idol worship of ancient homes and of our own families. It

Israel. We smile at their ignorance is not what scientists know, but

think, do and "We not worship what we apply that marks our prog1343ALDER'SSo. Main Salt Lake enlightenment in this idols day of ress.

Phone 7-1531 and intelligence."Likely there is (Concluded on page 39)

Only Once in a Generation—

SUCH VALUES

VOLUMES OF

DOCUMENTARY HISTORY OF THE CHURCH

Earlier volumes 1, 2 and 3 each $2.00

Church History and Modern Revelation (manual for Vol. 4) 40

Other helpful reference books for priesthood classes:

JOSEPH SMITH, AN AMERICAN PROPHET $3.25

By JOHN HENRY EVANS A popular appraisal of the man and the prophet.

JOSEPH SMITH, THE PROPHET $3.25

By PRESTON NIBLEY A complete biography.

ESSENTIALS IN CHURCH HISTORY $2.75

By JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH A standard history of the Church,

Deseret Book Company

"Education lives as long as you read good books."

44 East South Temple Street Salt Lake City 10, Utah

JANUARY 1950 THE CHURCH MOVES ON

three of our elders have had their applications refused for

October 1949 renewal to remain in the country. However, several mis-

a o Kannapolis, North Carolina, Branch chapel. sionaries have received permits valid to 1951, and others

""Central Atlantic States Mission, dedicated by Elder have been given temporary permits until permanent ones

Ezra Taft Benson of the Council of the Twelve. can be issued...."(See page 32)

Claude B. Petersen, president of the Palo Alto

*i A Goldsborough, North Carolina, Branch chapel (California) Stake, appointed secretary to the Council ** "of the Central Atlantic States mission, dedicated by of the Twelve.

Elder Ezra Taft Benson of the Council of the Twelve. Acquisition of a home for the caretakers of the

Bureau of Information at the old Liberty Jail, Liberty,

November 1949 Missouri, announced. Caretakers are Elder and Sister

Ephraim Tolman of Bountiful, Utah.

President Harry S. Truman praised Brigham Purchase of Fine Springs Cemetery, near the village

2 Young as he addressed the American Society of of Alma, Arkansas, where Elder Parley P. Pratt of the

engineers meeting in Washington, D. C. He said: "I will Council of the Twelve is buried, announced.

say this to you: We haven't enough planning. There

that planned properly isn't in the States was United a city streets I were 2 "A signAllridge(Salt N.LakeEvansCity)sustainedStake, withpresidentA. Palmerof the HoltEnonly one with. whose begin to know of

laid out in anticipation of the automobile, and that was and F. Briton McConkie counselors. They succeed

Salt Lake City, Utah. The man that laid out that city President Edwin Q. Cannon, Sr.. Rowland H. Merrill, and

really had vision."Waldo M. Andersen.

W. Harold Handley released from Y. M. M. I. A. Jared J. Trejo sustained president of the Southern

general board. Arizona Stake with F. Ellis Nielson and Leslie O, Brewer

Tarboro, North Carolina, Branch chapel, Central Atcounselers. Retiring presidency: Alando B. Ballantyne,

lantic States Mission, dedicated by Elder Ezra Taft President Trejo and President Nielson.

Benson of the Council of the Twelve. Henry C. Jorgensen sustained president of the Palo

Alto (California) Stake with Wendel B. Christensen and

City, chapel, Carolina, Branch Elizabeth a North counselors. Presidents Jorgensen and Sidney V. Badger

Atlantic States Mission, "Central dedicated by retiring President to Claude Elder Christensen were counselors

Ezra Taft Benson of the Council of the Twelve. B. Petersen.

Over twenty miles of microfilm arrived in Salt Lake Washington Terrace First Ward, Weber (Utah) 7 City for the Genealogical Society, including the Stake, created from part of independent branch; Ernest

first shipment of genealogical microfilm from Ireland. B.'Wheeler, bishop.

There were about 1,345,000 pages of records in the microWashington Terrace Second Ward, Weber (Utah) film, principally from Holland, Sweden, and Denmark. Stake, created from part of independent branch; Orlan M.

Jacobsen, bishop.

The acquisition and the landscaping of the old Elder Mark E. Petersen of the Council of the Twelve

9 Richmond, Missouri, cemetery where Oliver Cowdedicated the chapel of the Walnut Park Ward, South dery, one of the Three Witnesses of the Book of Mormon Los Angeles (California) Stake.

is buried, announced. Elder Mark E. Petersen of the Council of the Twelve

Lloyd A. Bishop appointed coordinator of the Salt dedicated the chapel of the Miramonte (formerly FireLake Region of the Church welfare program. stone Park) Ward, South Los Angeles (California) Stake.

R. Ivins of First President the of Antoine Council

the Pella chapel of the dedicated the Seventy BurWard,13 chapelPresidentof theGeorgeSalt LakeAlbertValleySmithBranchdedicatedof the Deaf.the

President David O. McKay dedicated the chapel of ley (Idaho) Stake.

the Las Vegas Second Ward, Moapa (Nevada) Stake. Elder Matthew Cowley of the Council of the

"This Is the Place"Monument at the mouth of 1% Twelve released as president of the Pacific Mission 15 Emigration canyon received permanent night lights and Elder Alma Sonne, assistant to the Council of the as President George Albert Smith was joined by Governor Twelve, released as president of the European Mission.

}. Bracken Lee in turning on the thirtytwo lights which Henceforth the missions will receive visits at intervals

have a combined strength of 13,600 watts. from the General Authorities.

Indian Mission formed (Utah) o Basin Uintah with 25 Gilbertdedicated Ward,by PresidingMesa Bishop(Arizona)LeGrandStake,Richards.chapel Stake president, E. the Roosevelt of Bacon, I*- "James

high council. The mission will be supervised by the a VernaVerna W.W. Goddard,Goddard, forfor eleveneleven yearsyears aa counselorcounselor

presidencies Lake, Roosevelt, and of Duchesne, Moon in presidency the general of the Y. W. M. I. A., unliving Indians Stakes.Uintah about 1550 There are 1948. died. release in til her in April

the mission area.

President Wallace F. Toronto of the Czechoslovakian Kenwood Ward, East Mill Creek ( Salt Lake

Mission announced that eleven missionaries have had to 27 County) Stake created from a portion of the leave that country since May, five of them in recent days. Grandview Ward, with George Z Aposhian bishop.

President David O. McKay called the incident a "misJoseph A. David sustained bishop of the Grandview

understanding on the part of some officers of the true Ward, succeeding L. R. Mallory. recently appointed

purpose of the missionaries in Czechoslovakia; two or president of the Tahitian Mission.

8 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

POWER C/P/fefrcK?

It is just as wasteful to overpower a job as to underpower it. Here's a lowcost way to have the right size tractor

for the work to be done.

Every farm has jobs the AllisChalmers Model G Tractor will do better or at lower cost than any other kind of power. With it you have a

line of quickhitch, frontmounted implements that enable you to grow a wider choice of crops than with any other tractor.

Relieve your larger tractor of the many lighter jobs the Model G can do on quarts of fuel instead of gallons.

During busy seasons, this extra power plant can prove "worth its weight in gold."

For Any Size or Type Farm

Actually, the rearengine Model G is now used for all kinds of farm work—on all kinds of crops—on all sizes

of farms.

In one general farming community, for example, more than 150 owners now use Model G Tractors. They mow

with a fieldweight, 5-foot mower..

plant row crops in any row spacing from 10 inches up. On many farms,

these two jobs alone—mowing and

planting—more than justify investment in the tractor.

For all jobs on some farms... for

some jobs on all farms... to completely power your farm, own the

i"If iMfflfrlfifff* 5 TUNE IN G Tractor The National Farm and Home Hour Music.. Markets

U. S. D. A. News

Every Saturday NBC flLLISCHALMERSTRACTOR DIVISION. MILWAUKEE 1, U. S. A. )

JANUARY 1950 VERNA W. GODDARD PASSES

{/[/. ivf. Jr. v. Ljenerai r residency 3ormer iviemiber of Ike 14.

TheGoddardpassing onof VernaNovemberWright26, servingbquare. asIt a wasguidewhilethat sheshe wasmet

1949, rounded out a life of Elder J. Percy Goddard, also a

later married in tem&fqtw service, largely to the youth of the guide, whom she

Church. From October 29, 1937, the Salt Lake Temple. They have

LOS ANGELES. $13.15 until April 1948, she served in the four children, two sons and two

From Salt Lake City (Add Tax) general presidency of the Young daughters, who are carrying forIf you've been dreaming about a Women's Mutual Improvement Asward the good work of their parwinter a tan under summer sun, sociation, first as second counselor ents. take to a vacamake plans now

tion by Greyhound. There's sununtil July 1944, and then as first Mrs. Goddard continued er

shine, romance, and excitement counselor until the time of her reactivity in the Church following her in sunny Southern California! Let lease, April 6, 1948. marriage. She became Gleaner

expert travel a Greyhound plan Mrs. Goddard was the daughter teacher and also theology teacher trip... your ask about Amazing America Tours today! of Kindness Badger and Joseph A. for the Relief Society. She served

Wright. She became a Sunday also as a member of the ward presiGreat Going by Greyhound School teacher and chorister when dency of the Y.W.M.I.A., and in

trip, the EVERY On cost is low, she was fourteen years of age. She that capacity wrote and directed high! SuperCoaches the comfort

are pleasantly warmed. Frequent later held the position of ward choir many ward shows. In 1935 she beschedules save you time. Go leader and achieved recognition for came stake president of the Liberty

Greyhound—easy to take, and her work in that capacity. As a Stake Y.W.M.I.A. She also served

easy to afford! counselor in the Primary Associaas chairman of the Brighton Girls'

BR EYHOUOVER LAND tionClass,andsheas teacheralso gavein theserviceReligionto Home.During recent months Mrs. GodOperated by INTERSTATE TRANSIT LINES youth. dard has written articles for the

and UNION PACIFIC STAGES, INC. After her graduation from the Era which have dealt with the

Latterday Saint University, Mrs. youthparent relationship. Her inGoddard studied nursing under Dr. terest always lay with the youth of

Margaret C. Shipp Roberts. She the Church, whom she served faithalso became a guide on Temple fully and well.—M. C. /.

"'-:.>::

Salt Lake's Favorite Family Dining Spot!

That's the Hotel Temple Square

Coffee Shop—our friendly, inviting

hotel dining room. Folks tell us

they appreciate our tasty food, spotless linens, and our courteous service. Our sensible prices are

refreshing, too, they say. And we

feel they mean it, because they keep coming back—more of them

—more often than ever.

Hotel Temple Square CLARENCE L. WEST

Manager

VERNA WRIGHT GODDARD

10 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA V*fJ -J//

never watch the old year out alone, -Photograph by Lamar Davis

For gentle ghosts that no one else can see

Are always keeping vigil there with me;

I hear their voices in the undertone

Of soft night wind around the deep eaves blown,

And catch a cadence in a minor key

That sets my heart to beating yearningly

For loved ones who have gone from my hearthas a stone. tinted The swift years bear us far apart from those

Who make our memories, but still they stay

Within our hearts, and so they do not die: i5utterHi

Sweet as the fragrance of a damask rose,

Bright as the colors of a summer day,

And fragile as the tinted butterfly. eoraia frfoore 9 aSf

JANUARY 1950 11 LETTER FOR THE NEW YEAR WINTER JEWELRY ALBUM

By Elaine V, Emans By Thelma Ireland By Lesley Conger customary the shall you sending be the night feet with of snow that down that was you, thinfaced boy; Co they'llI but year, the for new Best wishes **J in the velvet earth Bedecked that gown So ten! you, was "AST when were you miss there with sequins white here and Of cared have for you Would six? at me very I aqd you, my wish muchConveying glitter in stare. I sunshine's the That have would loved then. even you this: writing I'm so prayers, andEspecial the bluebirds gather lawn: on a The with seasons the look you downMay a with Theirs rendezvous dawn. was to used You the haunt quiet pools

glad cluster, a hue: sapphire They for make hunt bugs To polliwogs; and pass to all comes whetherAnticipation, I blue. of earth a brooch wears The now all would have carried the jars that it might, knowing had hoped youAs learned to And the walk slippery logs.

bad you blessing. a May be canWeather Perhaps you would have held hand my amass FIRESIDE SCENE cross the it To brook high. when was vour within store to hoursEnchanted

I Pauline Havard proud By would How have been, dear! my heart old do snapshots (Why cry?) make me as outof-doors in the find friends newAnd fire sat, the they to dancing CLOSE well

child, the old, and stooped woman The such be work your in books, and mayAs little, cat the goldeyed While WINTER BLOSSOMS part a the hearth. the wild Outside Purred on rest it, your love Gail and By that living Brook Burket youOf treetops, the the rocked lashed Storm

tell house, your mind. garden May and dreams of TLflY In health beneath body

fire these the here, beside But two *"* year coverlet new of snow: A tale, in fairy a folded Were it, dear. brushing bit glory I a of my daily YetHave can watch in world loved they a knew. and Snug

Its winter blossoms glow.

Blue jays remind heart my finger traced the wrinkled Gnarled, words bluebells in the Of spring: DAY EACH TAKE small, the fingers turned pink page, As

cardinals And become all Peach Wallace ruse In this, oldest of the Arthur By roses the Red wing. on bullying rage. winter's the Against God, from as a gift each day Like small mignonette, brownTake these most? enjoyed moments who And

gift everyone, for sparrows The go: come and A or child grandmother? knows? The Who the I dawn measured by then each glimpseFor And one and now fireshine, swift, of bright wings and On sun. tulip set of black crow. And A rare the goes. winter evening soon Too

Use it wisely, remembering It is not yours alone, A secret gift no one may share. THOUGHTS ON A STAR

To him unknown. By Lulu Minerva Schultz

Who gives himself in such a gift | think a star

And turns no hand aside -C * Must surely be

Will find the day has brought him peace A jewel of eternity.

At eventide! The soul who won

-X Above earth's might Now pins the sky SPICE BERRIES In sparkling light;

By Grace Sayre That Faith May see with watchful eye happened today on a lone scarlet spray This glistening jewel in the sky.

I Of berries that clung to a spiceberry bush, tanager gay. the the wing of saw onAnd chill EACH HEART WILL FIND AGAIN winter's the color warming sameThe

hush. By Georgia Moore Ebecling

first white burning frost had often, I 'heAnd back look as happens when grownups COMPANIONED 1 * silently

Through years that have gathered relentBy Pansye H. Powell Touched bud and blossom leaf and lowly

less and harsh, grass I hear the blithe note of a scarletwinged SORROW and I have traveled hand in With icy fingers, while the stout oak tree bird hand Was trembling as it felt the pale frost pass

As it lifts from the spiceberry bush in the Together, since that faroff day we met. Above its head. Then day dawned

marsh. Not for an instant has she ever let sunnyclear,

Me know a respite from her stern command. And nature smiled rejoicing in the light,

Forever at my side her form will stand; While plants ignored dark plumage and

MY NEIGHBOR I cannot hope one moment to forget, the fear of the in the she For darkness gripped them That Inez Clark Thorson By

Until night. mywilllasthaunthour'sme glasswith hasan oldspentregretits

brawling wind* I 'hough is piling snow in aftermaths, sand. fields all lived again The

* Against the leafpacked garden wall, The woods flamed bright in russet red and

My neighbor brings a breath of springtime And yet her presence is so sure to me, gold

When she comes to call. Familiar as the coat or shoes I wear, While gay birds lingered on the forest

So firm her pressure where my heart is paths,

Her smile is warm as April sun, cleft, You scarcely could believe the year was

Her laughter like clear brooks that wind That now I count upon her constancy; old.

Through fields.,.. Her words are like And, though her burden seems so hard to At autumn time we find what we have lost

the petals bear, Because of life's slow chilling cold and

Wind has left behind! I should be lonely if she ever left. frost.

12 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA '-& <4?*>'-<7><-&>'0r><*& c*C''Grx*0rx0*OA\JGr>Ks<O-x.%<O,-GK<'0

[he 6/3/ ms brings to us accounts of much unhappiness, of disasters that are everywhere, and it h does seem to me that if men are * thinking seriously, if they are reading the scriptures, they must know % that the fig tree surely is putting % * forth its leaves.

h

Lappiness...

amd this v few ear

l Mlbert Smlth Dm [-resident KJteoraef 1 T is a wonderful custom to wish one another Many of the wisest among men are seeking:

happiness. Happiness is what we are all seekby means of legislation to bring about a better

ing, and it is what our Father in heaven desires condition and a more wholesome life among for us. the human family. Their efforts, generally

Through the ages the Lord has inspired speaking, are wellintentioned, but unless men his prophets, and they have pointed out the have faith in God, unless they understand the way of true happiness. The Book of Mormon purpose of life, they will not go very far.

tells us that there was one long period of time Men must repent of their sins before the Lord when the people were righteous, a period that can give to them the peace and happiness de- % continued some two hundred years after the sired. No other plan will succeed.

appearance of our Savior on this western As we look out upon our day, we must come hemisphere. They repented of their sins, to the conclusion that there never was a time

turned to the Lord, and were prosperous and in the world's history when there was greater happy. need everywhere for men to repent of their

Our Heavenly Father has told us that the sins and seek the guidance of God, our Heavenonly plan that will assure satisfactory results ly Father. There has never been a time since

is the plan of eternal life, the gospel of Jesus the Church was organized when there was

Christ, as advocated by his Beloved Son, and greater need for us to humble ourselves before only sorrow and disappointment will result from the Lord and seek his guidance.

spirits. the disobeying Father of our told that us there are certain The Lord has to press brings The daily that are of us accounts of requirements made us, and much unhappiness, of disasters that are everythat if we fail to take advantage of his advice and

where, and it does seem to me that if men are counsel, the result can only be sorrow and rethinking seriously, if they are reading the gret.

scriptures, they must know that the fig tree

This people have been advised to consurely is putting forth its leaves.

have h There are many people who think themserve their energies and their means. We

selves competent to lead us out of these diffibeen taught by those whom the Lord has raised instruct that us up to we should culties, without hesitation forand they come live that incomes, within our should not follow we to try this with suggestions that ward or experiment. But the wisdom of the world is not the fashions of the world and spend as rapidly sufficient. What we need in the midst of or more rapidly than we can earn the money

danger and distress and unhappiness is the that comes into our hands, to take care of ourwisdom of our Heavenly Father. (Concluded on page 43)

-X i f>3(tX%JVX>C3(>Tii< 1->6St Jl\Jl<>

JANUARY 1950 13 'Y'he first of an enlightening series of articles on the Book of Mormon.

IN THE DESERT j EM (13a Afuah e u, f-h. *J-J. Part I

The Problem Theproximatelyfirst eighteenforty chapterspages) of(apthe

Book of Mormon tell the story of how one Lehi led a company of

Israelites from Jerusalem across

Arabia to the sea at the beginning of the sixth century B.C. Since

the publication of this account, other ancient travel stories have been unearthed in the Near East and been accepted as genuine or pronounced fictitious as they fulfilled or failed to fulfil certain conditions.

Thus Professor Albright declares the story of the Egyptian Sinuhe to be "a substantially true account of life in its milieu"on the grounds ( 1 ) that its "local color [is] extremely plausible,"( 2 ) it describes a "state of social organization"which "agrees exactly with our present archaeological and documentary evidence...,"(3) "The because "they lack specific historical turn tne scales. As one studentAmorite personal names contained or geographic background, and by described it, the problem "is rather

in the story are satisfactory for that their miseenscene, which is either to prove, by innumerable small period and region,"and ( 4 ) "Finalmythical or extravagantly improbcoincidences, that which Ebers has ly, there is nothing unreasonable in 4 so well called the able.""Egypticity"of

the story itself....

the Pentateuch, than to establish With such examples before us,

The story of Wenamon the same we may proceed to test the story of any particular historical point by exauthority accepts as true in its Lehi: does it correctly reflect "the ternal and monumental evidence.'"

political history and geography, cultural horizon and religious and Just so the problem of I Nephi noting that "it correctly reflects the social ideas and practices of the is to establish both its "Egypticity"cultural horizon and the religious time?"Does it have authentic and its "Arabicity"by like innumerable coincidences. The fact that

all that is known of the world in the Book of Mormon text, yet not and enough modern fruits Virtuallywhich Lehi is purported to have lived has been to is a modern of arthe exploited have discovered within the last hundred years—mostly chaeology, gives it a double handiwithin the last thirty. cap at the outset, and yet in view

of the claims made by Joseph Smith, ideas and practices of its time."'historical and geographical backit can plead no immunity from the

Certain Egyptian episodes in the ground? Is its miseen-scene mythsame exacting tests that have reOdyssey Lieblein considered auical, highly imaginative, or exvealed the true nature of documents

thentic because they posit "a rather travagantly improbable? Is its of known antiquity. If the book

good knowledge of Egyptian conlocal color correct, and are its proper can pass those tests, there is no ditions and institutions"in whoever names convincing? Until recent point to arguing about its age and

composed them/ On the other years men were asking the same authorship.

hand, such tales as the Shipwrecked questions of the Book of Exodus, Virtually all that is known of the

Sailor may be regarded as fanciful and scholars were stolidly turning world in which Lehi is purported to * Numbers refei to bibliography at end thumbs down until evidence achave lived has been discovered of article. cumulating in its favor began to within the last hundred years

U THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

mostly within the last thirty."How Syrians, Iraqians, Lebanese, Egyppossibly be within, or even very

does this information check with tians, etc., and after fifteen years of near, the city, even though Lehi

that in the book of I Nephi? Before searching is ready to declare Mr. "had dwelt at Jerusalem in all his

we can place the two side by side Mose Kader of Provo, Utah, a true days."(I Nephi 1:4.) 9 The terms

for comparison, we must describe Bedouin. The same adventurous seem confused, but they correctly rebriefly the nature of the modern spirit that brought this remarkable flect actual conditions, for in the Amevidence. It falls, for us, into four man to settle on a solitary farm arna letters we read of "the land of

classes: near the mouth of Rock Canyon Jerusalem"as an area larger than the

1 First and most to be prized are drove him from his father's farm city itself, and even learn in one documents found in the country of near Jerusalem in his youth, to instance that "a city of the land of time. Lehi his very from and dating years spend with the Bedouins many Jerusalem, BetNinib, has been capto of these have desert; of the the come tenasame and tured."10 It A number in Paleswas the rule

light in recent years—seals, jar cious conservatism that has enabled tine and Syria, as the same letters

handles, inscriptions, and, most nohim to rear a family as strict show, for a large area around a tably, the Lachish letters discovMoslems a thousand miles from any city and all the inhabitants of that ered in 1935. These are the other Moslems has kept fresh his area to bear the name of the city.

remains of the correspondence of memory of days in the desert in This was a holdover from the times a military officer stationed in the the olden times before World War when the city and the land were a city of Lachish, thirtyfive about unit, political points he is a marvelous single I. On fine a comprising

8 miles southwest of Jerusalem, at the informant. citystate; when absorbed this was

time of the destruction of both cit- d ) As a check on the above reinto a larger empire, the original ies, and so give us an eyewitness ports we have the words of the identity was preserved, though it account of the actual world of Lehi, ancient poets of the Arabs. The had lost its original significance."

a tiny peephole, indeed, but an unprose story of the Beni Hilal is also The same conservatism made it posobstructed one; in these letters "we very useful both as a "standard sible for Socrates to be an Athenian,

find ourselves brought into close work"on desert migration and as and nothing else, even though he contact with the inner religious, telling a story that parallels that came from the village of Alopeke, at political, and military life of Judah of Nephi very closely on some some distance from the city. 18 This

at this period.'"Since I Nephi prepoints. arrangement deserves mention betends to bring us into even closer Taken together these sources alcause many have pointed to the

contact with the same society, we low a far closer scrutiny of the statement of Alma 7:10 that the

have here an important "control."Savior would be born "at Jerusalem

2. The new finds have called for which is the land of our foreextensive review and reevaluation fathers,"as sure proof of fraud. It

by the ablest scholars of the situais rather the opposite, faithfully pretion in Jerusalem at the time of its serving the ancient terminology to fall; these learned summaries will describe a system which has only

save us the trouble and risk of been recently rediscovered.

making our own.

little the know very about We 3. Book of Mormon descriptions city of government save the Jews,

of life in the desert must be checked that the "elders"played the princiagainst eyewitness accounts of life m/m pal role. By "elders"has been unin the same deserts, for the same derstood "the heads of the most

,a period if of time, possible. Since influential families city."of a This I of book than have Nephi would the country people and concerned identical would them make with possible a been ago. generation are the among most unchanging on princes, those notables, officials and little is follows Though what more earth, there are things that many are in as designated who sarim the a than believe general survey, we are as true today as they in were letters; the Lachish sarim apword it lines the that pursues correct a B.C., 600 providing data of well- a plies, to according to Jack, J. W. of the Lehi of story examination nigh timeless but highlyspecialized official i.e., of class, the "members take, evithat should enough and nature which has been availmade officers acting the his under king as is to reoffered justify dence the

14 in: able rulers."counselors In and the shall with marks conwhich we

a ) numerous scientific journals clude the study. Lachish letters "we find the sarim

and surveys of the country, with denouncing Jeremiah to the king the Palestine Exploration Fund The Situation in Jerusalem and demanding that he be executed

Quarterly taking the lead "\\7hen we speak of Jerusalem, it because of his bad influence on the b ) a growing treasury of great is important to notice Nephi's morale of the people."15 In accusclassics on life among the Arabs, preference for a nonBiblical exing the prophet of defeatism, the inbeginning with Burckhardt in 1829 pression, "the land of Jerusalem,"fluential men of Jerusalem were supbut mostly confined to our own age: in designating his homeland. While ported both by the majority of

Doughty, Philby, Lawrence, Hohe and his brothers always regard the people and by a host of prophgarth, Thomas, etc. "the land of Jerusalem"as their ets by whose false oracles "Judahite

c ) the conversation of modern home, it is perfectly clear from a chauvinism was whipped to a

Arabs. The author has consulted number of passages that "the land frenzy,"making it, to say the least,

extensively with modern Arabs, of our father's inheritance"cannot (Continued on following page)

JANUARY 1950 15

LEHI IN THE DESERT

(Continued from preceding page) phere "charged with unmixed tian"physical type and the same a risky business to hold an opposite gloom.... Zedekiah... stubbornpredominance of Egyptian culture37 18

opinion. For the government, with ly followed the path to ruin by conprevails elsewhere in Palestine. Rethe weak and ineffectual Zedekiah spiring with Pharaoh."34 The alarm cently found ivories, seals, inscripat the head, had set its heart on a was justified, for when the blow tions, and the preliminary study of

suicidal policy of military alliance finally fell it was far more catasmounds throughout the land all tell with Egypt and "business as trophic than scholars have hitherto the same story: overwhelming and

usual."been willing to believe, with "all, unexpected preponderance of EgypThe country had just come or virtually all, of the fortified towns tian influence, to the equally surpristhrough a great economic boom, in Judah razed to the ground."1 ing exclusion of influences38 from

thanks mostly to commercial dealThe fatal infatuation for Egypt, Babylonia and Assyria. At Jeruings with Egypt, which had prowhich was largely responsible for salem itself, where excavation is

duced an unparalleled efflorescence 17 the calamity, is a striking feature necessarily limited, sealings on jar of great private fortunes. "Phoeniof the story. Why did the governhandles attest the same39 long reign

cian galleys filled the Nile mouths, ment of Judah stick so loyally to of Egyptian culture. At the same

and Semitic merchants... thronged an Egypt that had long since lost time, the Elephantine papyri tell

the Delta,"* the bulk of sea trade the power to compel obedience? For us another thing that scholars never

passing through Sidon, which from one thing, we now know that dreamed of and which they were first believe, to to last reluctant the first most dominated ties far at commercultural economic and were 1 "cial of colonies scene. that Jewish namely, imported Lists of goods the nations two stronger between

into Egypt from Palestine show that than anyone had hitherto supposed. soldiers and merchants were entirely

the great men of the East took the J. W. Jack noted in 1938 that at home in upper Egypt, where they

gold of Egypt in return for their "excavations have shown a closer enjoyed50 free practice of their religwine, oil, grain, and honey, the first ion.'The ties between Palestine and

three far outclassing all other comEgypt were, moreover, of very long modities in importance. 30 Among standing, centuries of "a common

inland cities like Jerusalem the caraHebrew-Egyptian environment"bevans of the merchant princes passed ing necessary to produce the as in the days of the Amarna letters, "permeation of Egyptian modes of for there were no real roads until thought and expression into Hethe time of the Romans. brew,"and to load the Egyptian

At the turn of the century the vocabulary with words out of Palesinternational situation was casting tine and Syria.* 1 The newly identi-

a dark shadow over the picture. fied Aechtungstexte shows that as

Babylon, suddenly freed from other early as 2000 B.C. "Palestine was

concerns, moved quickly towards a tributary in large part, at least, to showdown with Egypt, the "broken Egypt,"32 while the excavation of reed"with which the leaders of Byblos, a veritable "little Egypt,"

Judah had unwisely cast their lot."1 proved the presence of Egyptian

Yet the clouds of impending war empire in later centuries ss

iswere not so dark as the shadow of—Photograph by the Author To say that Egyptian culture

religious laxness and moral decay Proudly wearing his father's "qumbaz"is Yusuf predominant in an area is not neceswhich, according to Jeremiah, folKader,living ona tenyear-olda farm nearArabProvo,whosehaveparents,rearedthoughtheir sarily to argue the presence of lowed upon excessive prosperity children in the ways of their forefathers. From Egyptian dominion. According to

and an overfondness for things suchlanguagepeople,and livingretainingin ourthemidstcustomsand ofspeakingthe East,the Hogarth, Egypt exercised three deEgyptian.M It is no wonder that the onevisitingcantheiroftenhomeland,learn morewhere thangenerationsone wouldof beingby grees of empire: the first degree was

sarim, facing problems enough in spiedwhat cautiousupon hasandrendereduncommunicative.the Palestine Arab somerule by direct force, the second by

maintaining a program of "business "fear of reconquest which a few as usual,"denounced the melanconnection with the land of the garrisons and agents and the prescholy prophet as a traitor, defeatist, Pharaohs than was suspected... tige of the conqueror could keep

and collaborator with Babylon. The the authorities at Lachish were alive in the minds of indirect adcountry was divided into two facprobably using, or at least were ministrators and native subjects,"

tions, "the two parties, proEgyp- accustomed to the Egyptian caland the third degree "meant little tian and proBabylonian, existed endar and the Egyptian system more than a sphere of exclusive side by side in the land—King of numeration in their local recinfluence, from which tribute was

Zedekiah, his rulers and princes, ords."Though this goes for an expected but, not being secured by

and probably most of the people, earlier time, "all indications point garrisons or representatives...

favored Egypt... while the prophet to this connection with Egypt tended to be intermittent."3* Thus

Jeremiah and his followers1 advised continuing unbroken right down to20 we see that the position of Egypt submission to Babylon."It was a the end of the Jewish monarchy."as "most favored nation"in Judah

time | of "dissension and heart burnOne anthropologist went so far as may represent any degree of deto an "eming, when divided counsels 34rent the to claim that Lachish21 was actually cayed dominion—even33

unhappy city of Jerusalem,"and as an Egyptian colony, but investigapire"of fourth degree. It was the

things became worse in an atmostion shows that the same "Egyp- (Continued on page 66) 16 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA I talk about?WHAT shall

III Second, what are likely to be the dominant interests of the group?

hat shall I: talk about?"We can, for instance, recognize the

This is a question we must widely different interests of such "W ask ourselves as often as we diverse groups as men and women, begin to prepare a speech, for even the young and the old, the student if a topic has been assigned, we and the laborer. An intimate dismust decide on the point of view, cussion of the problems of courtship

the particular interpretation of it might be completely out of place in that we wish to make. a mixed group but might be very

Theoretically we have the entire helpful and forceful in a group of universe from which to choose. No young men or of young women.

topic is inherently good or bad Third, what are the background there is none that some speaker and training of our listeners? Becannot make vital and interesting to fore our listeners can be interested

some audience on some occasion. in our ideas, they must be able to

But our task is to narrow this vast t-f oLouiie (=J.inton Saitmon understand them; and if they have

range of subjects to the one that we had no training in a technical field are best qualified to give and that like medicine, they are likely to be will be most interesting and apinteresting to others, and his able to follow only a most elepropriate to the particular audience speeches took on a new sincere, mentary treatment of a medical subon the particular occasion on which communicative, direct quality. Each ject. Similarly, a nonmember would

we are to speak. of us is a specialist in something; probably understand little of a dethat is the topic about which we tailed discussion of our belief in

/hat are the basic atticanmost talkeffectively.most easily and probably theFourth,hereafter.what do our listeners

tudes and beliefs of want to gain from our speech? They

your audience? probably want to learn something

fylany speakers claim that, no matnew, but they will also enjoy hearter what the topic, if they have

In the first place, it is much easier sufficient interest in it themselves. ing something old. For instance,

all that to try know we should a we to prepare pleasant more and to all of men.""do good Yet some in the are interested speech if we

topic. Moreover, enthusiasm is hat are likely to be thetime,mostsomethrillingof the mostspeecheslastingof stoour

contagious, and we can speak more the dominant interries of the ages have to do with this enthusiastically, and dysincerely, ests of the group? dislike subject. going Most of us

if on namically we are really "sold"into place; strange a completely

the ideas we express. We cannot similarly, when we listen to a speech

expect our listeners to be either hat are the backwe like to hear a familiar landunless interested or convinced we ground and training mark here and there. When we ourand convinced are interested

therefore, our subject, we selves. The best missionary is the of your listeners? choose should choose one which is withmissionary who has a burning in the realm of our listeners'lives

testimony of the gospel. they can make it interesting to but in the treatment of which we

The things about which we speak others. Perhaps they can, but some

should, furthermore, be close to our topics can be given listener appeal own lives. Many of us have only if the speaker has marked What do your listeners

had inspirational experiences; but talent and considerable time for want to gain from

whether we have gained our inpreparation. We are wise, thereyour speech?

spiration personally or vicariously fore, if we analyze carefully the through conversation and reading, audience and the occasion before can add a few heretofore unknown we should build our speeches we decide on our specific topic. facts or an original interpretation.

around subjects that have had real First, what are the basic attitudes Another important courtesy we significance in our lives; for exand beliefs of our audience? A topic owe our listeners is to keep within

ample, Brother Jones consistently that would have immediate appeal the time limit set for us, and we gave bookish speeches on topics reto a group of sincere Latterday can do this only if we narrow our mote from his own life. They were Saints might easily bore and persubject to those limits. Suppose we

hesitant and dull. Finally he was haps alienate an audience composed want to talk about the priesthood.

convinced that his own faithpro- largely of halfhearted Saints or If we're going to give an hourlong moting experiences could be made nonmembers. (Concluded on page 79)

JANUARY 1950 V A FROM WAY DOWN EAST

Brigham Young, Jr., of the Council I, -J&rl J: Zd.ftA of the Twelve, together with W.

B. Preston a commenced twodays'is a story being in revived to known be accurate. the There And conference in Smithfield, Cache the East of how Brigham signature on the hotel register in County, Utah, attended by the of Salt Young City, Lake and 1872 is neither that of President bishops of the various settlements later Brigham 2nd, together Young Brigham Young, nor of his son, the and home missionaries in that with his nine wives, the enjoyed Elder Brigham 3 Young, Jr., of the part of the country. hospitality of the Pavillion, Trout Council of the Twelve.

Now, this how about the Y., George, Lake N. hotel with man area were these Where the men on nine wives landmark, in the 'seventies registered who while on on in dates question? 29, August On vacations their September from in 11, duties 1877, as Utah. in it appears 1 872, President Brigham atYoung President the George caption, Morris of the Q. it or 1879, as appears tended a bishops'in meeting Salt

1 in States Eastern the Mission story? forwarded His signature does City. Lake 2, September On he a a of photograph fullpage not compare Sunday with the signaknown to the went Point of the Mountain

magazine feature from the Times south of Salt Lake City to see the ture of the Latterday Saint Aposof Union, August 4, 1940, railroad that is new for cut for the basis the current story. the Utah whotle orregisteredof the signatureat Troutof Pavillionthe man Southern, then under construction.

in enjoyed we it very And 1872. much. "Brigham Young 2nd."left party at The 3 p.m. reand

2 little difficulty but the With name appears we the on register. could turned at 7 p.m. He'd hardly have

visualize President Brigham Elder Young Brigham Young, of Jr., the time between these to engagements

enjoying himself with the other vacation at a fashionable hotel in Council of the Twelve was never guests registered at the hotel AuNew York! known to call himself "2nd."He

gust 31, Greeley, 1872: Horace

Susan B. Anthony, Teenie Chaflin, On August 31, 1872, Elder droppedfather's deaththe "Jr.,"in 1877.soonTheafterYounghis

xJoumal History the of Church Jesus of Christ Beecher, Henry family Theo. and Ward historians have the added Latterday of Saints. Ms., Church Historian's

brary. Salt City. Lake Tilton. 29, a August panel that 1872. would What LiRoman "II"numeral after his name nbid.. 2. September 1872 (quoting Salt Lake to discuss be the events of the day! Herald) ''Ibid.. September 1, 1872 (quoting Deserct News) And then we suddenly remembered that Brigham Young never

returned East after entering the Salt (wftaMuyllmJ/

PURPORTED SIGNATURE AS IT APPEARS ON

HOTEL REGISTER.

THIS AUTHENTIC SIGNATURE OF BRIGHAM

YOUNG, JR., IS FROM A DOCUMENT DURING THE SAME PERIOD THE SIGNEDSIGNATURE THE ON RIGHT WAS WRITTEN ON THE HOTEL REGISTER AT EAST LAKE

Y. N. GEORGE,

Lake1848—althoughValley for thehe secondwas a timemuchin

traveled man among the Churchsponsored settlements of the West.

Did we remember wrong? Here

was a photograph of the hotel register.We spent some time checking

genuine signatures and references

LAKE GEORC HOTEL AREA LANDMARK1 A FACSIMILE OF THE FULL PAGE

PJGHAH YO G'S NAME CN REGISTER FEATURE IN THE TIMESUNION.

Trout ravitlion in Salt Lake City during July 5 and

Gave Shelter to August.", 7

Many Notable? He attended a council meeting

with the General Authorities on

September 4, 1879, 8 then took in the Bear Lake country of Utah and

Idaho. Witness the following telegrams:

Logan, September 16, 1879 President John Taylor Salt Lake City

I have sent a dispatch to Brother Rich asking about Brigham....

Moses Thatcher"

Logan, September 18, 1879 Elder Moses Thatcher Salt Lake City

today. Brigham Young Sent message for

Farrell L. George

Paris, Idaho, September 20, 1879

President John Taylor Salt Lake City

Sent messenger last night to Brigham

Young. I think he is at Soda. Is it important?

Charles C. Rich 11

And on September 30th:

Brigham Brother Young 12returned from last evening. Springs Soda

Elder Brigham Young of the merely to keep their genealogical den and there met General Thomas Council of the Twelve had six records straight. L. Kane, who hurriedly came to wives during his lifetime."On the

It is believed that he never kept a Utah upon hearing of the death of dates in question, September 11, diary. However, much is known his friend, Brigham Young. Wilford 1877, or 1879, he had but three.

concerning his activities at this Woodruff continued on to a conKnowing hotels as we do, it period. On September 10, 1877, ference assignment in Northern would seem unlikely that a birth

of sure like means or a the certificate escorted the others whileElders Woodruff, Wilford John Utah, 4 of be asked identification would to Salt City. General Lake Brigham Young, Young (Jr.),W.

and Moses Thatcher, went to OgElders Brigham Young (Jr.). anyone signing a hotel register.

George Q. Cannon, and Albert One is who one says he is to a hotel

Carrington of the Council of the man. But if there were two BrigTwelve had been named as execuhams at the Trout Pavillion in the

tors of President Brigham Young's 'seventies, they certainly were not estate. Almost two years after "our Brighams."

4, 1879 leader, August the of Hbid., passing the Church POSITIVE FIRM THE NOTE AND MANNER

28, 1879 August IN PRESIDENT still BRIGHAM WHICH YOUNG trying Vbid., three these were men

Presidency's office First of the HIS sMinutes SIGNED OF NAME. THE IT HAS NONE

affairs acsettle to be that would VACILLATING SIGNAOF THE HESITANCY Received, and MS, Sent "Record of Telegrams

TURE REGISTER HOTEL AT EAST ON THE City. Salt Lake Church as well to the government ceptable Y. N. LAKE GEORGE, from home come had Thatcher wldem.offices.Elder as to the Church and the Young Logan to Salt Lake City on Church business. in

family. The estate and the dealings "Idem

of the administrators were matters 12Office"CatherineJournalCurtisof Spencerthe FirstwhoPresidency'sbore a firstofficechild 7, he Carrington married August 1856; whom Jane concern. public Brigham Young of

first a in Elizabeth 1857; Fenton who bore

affairs working on these Elizabeth was 1868; Perkins 21, whomchild (Jr.) Rhoda December

he married Stevens 1886; Abbie whom he May 17, &&r2*<$Z?f'

7, Armstrong, 1887; married October and Helen Vhid., September 10, 1877

THIS IS THE HOTEL REGISTER SIGNATURE. x-lbid., July 12, 1879 who bore an only child March 20, 1891.

JANUARY 1950 19 u5ie By ESTELLE WEBB ru r & THOMAS rw AND THE J>ubconscious

Every year of the world Susie goes through a phase; at least,

that's what Mother calls it.

Other members of the family have less complimentary names for it.

Last year it was her Subconscious and was that a honey! Boy, we

hadn't seen anything till Susie's

Subconscious showed up! All her

other phases had been easy compared to that.

Maybe you've never met a Subconscious? That is, to recognize it.

Sue says we all have one; a kind

of Mr. Hyde, who hides behind our

conscious selves and makes us do all sorts of queer tricks. A Mr.

it? That'sHyde who hides—get

a witticism, son, a joke, that is.

Only, according to Sue, your Sub is a wonderful guy; with his help

there's nothing, practically, you can't accomplish. Well, personally,

I prefer to go my way and let my

Subconscious go its way, and I think you'll agree, when you hear Susie's experience with hers, that it's best to let sleeping dogs lie, as Grandmother told her.

Cusie would probably never have found out about her Subconscious, or been any more bothered by it than the rest of us are, if it had not been for her new psychology teacher, Mr. Silver. Of course, halfsmile on her face, or when my Subconscious, and it will hand

all the junior girls fell for Mr. she'd break out with a rapturous, it to me, all solved in the morning."

Silver as he was young, handsome, "divine,"or "swoony,"right out of a "That so?"Dad always gives

and single, but Susie, being Susie, clear sky; we'd seen and heard all even the screwiest of her ideas the

fell hardest. They all, as was only that before. It was when she benefit of the doubt. "Fine. I wish

natural and nothing new, developed started dragging her Subconscious I had a Subconscious to solve my a sudden deep interest in psycholinto everything that we didn't know problems!"

ogy and began juggling their schedhow to take it.

a Subconscious, have "You Dadules to work it in; but Susie gave For instance, instead of puzzling explained, dy!"with obvious Sue

orchestra, she alwaysup which had over her hour, math for an crying a patience, just haven't dis- "Yousaid itself, life little she loved than or more the throwing across book yet!"covered it

and offered me her horn at a reathe room and finally getting Dad or sonable profit. In fact, Mr. Silver me to do it for her, she'd glance "Remind me to do some explorIwasn't even silver to her, but pure over it, maybe memorize a rule or ing,"Dad grinned, "next time

gold. And anyway, Mr. Bartoli, two, with a faraway expression in have a day off; it might come in

who leads the orchestra, while very her eyes and then close her book. handy."

goodlooking in a foreign sort of "Want any help?"Dad would "What you need is a beautiful

way, is married after all. finally say, when she made no more young lady psychologist,"I sugNaturally, nobody worried when move to study. gested. "She'd soon find it for you!"

Sue would forget to eat and would "It isn't necessary,"Sue would Dad's sly twinkle could not rescue sit looking off into space with a reply, "I've put it into the hands of me from the scorn of Susie, Mother, 20 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA and even Grandma, who is usually had received an offer of a much "Don't be so adolescent, Johnny! I

on my side—I was flat. better position in Maine, and Aunt hope I'm out of the stage of preBut Susie, as usual, wasn't conMargaret would be along to visit us ferring brawn to brain!"

tent to let well enough alone; she until he was settled in the East, Then I knew. It was Mr. Silver!

must pile everyone else's problems Grandma was openly relieved. We She did have her sights trained

on Sub to solve, and according to all were. But the funny thing was, high! And at that, remembering

her, it worked. About this time both Grandma and Susie thought past triumphs, I thought she and

Aunt Margaret wrote and asked the whole situation was due entireOld Sub might actually pull it off.

Grandmother to spend the winter ly to Sue's Sub. Personally, I Don't ask me how she went

with her and Uncle Henry. She couldn't see it. about "influencing"Mr. Silver to

said California was mild and warm Then there was the Thanksgiving take her to the dance. She's the

and would be good for Granny's vacation. Marigold had invited Sue one who's taking psychology, not

neuritis. Dad said, flatly, the trip to go home with her to Hillsdale. me—or is it I? Anyway, I wouldn't

was too long and hard, and Mother Mother was against it, believed touch the stuff with a tenfoot agreed but thought it would really Thanksgiving should be spent at pole! I only know she had absohelp her neuritis. home. Well, you've guessed it, lute faith in the result of her efforts

Personally, I was against it. Mother was no match for Susie and and went ahead getting ready for

Granny has lived with us for so Sub combined. There were plenty the big night as calmly as if she

long, I couldn't see the house withof other incidents, too many to menhad his bid for a date all down in out her in it. I had a very hollow tion. But you can see Susie had black and white.

feeling when I thought of it. Grandbecome pretty conceited by now Only once I saw her weaken.

mother was determined to go, one and begun to think there was nothShe was curled up on the davenday, and certain she could never ing she and Sub between them port when I came in, studying her make it, the next. Everybody was couldn't accomplish. psych, and looked up with a worupset. So when she turned Merwin ried frown.

Then Susie, who hadn't said down as a date for the Junior Prom, "It says here that the submuch, just looked dreamy, stepped I wondered if she had decided to conscious mind knows no such thing into the breach. concentrate on Paul Stronge. Paul as time or space. You cannot force

"Stop worrying, Grandma,"she was the great big football hero it, because it does things in its own said, soothingly, "Just put it up to of Central High, and naturally, good time. Good grief, I hope it

your Subconscious and don't give the dreamboat of every girl in knows the Prom is only four days it another thought."school, including Sue. The trouble away!"

"I haven't got a Subconscious!"was, he had never been able to see "Shame!"I chided her, "doubtGrandmother snapped, "and anyanything smaller than a senior, and ing Old Sub! It knew when Thanksway, this is no time to be fooling precious few of them made the giving was, remember?"

with one of those things! If you've grade. Paul could have his pick Instead of being mad, Sue looked

got a sensible suggestion, make it. and choice and, boy, was he picky relieved. "Of course, I mustn't

If not, keep still!"and choosy! So, strong a team as doubt. That's the secret of success!

Susie gave her a wounded look, Susie and Sub were, I was extreme- I'll just dismiss the whole thing flavored with pity and forgiveness, ly doubtful if they could put that from my conscious mind!"

project over. And she did. All her energy

Sue has a habit of working me in, seemed centered on the contest belike tween her and Mother as to A group of big guys just occasionally, when she doesn't to black, get a she whether was new for date, I don't prospects a and turned and herin from the gym not. formal, offthe-shoulder or it. I And trip like the Frankly, when like hertvatched somebody her thrown had it since Grandma is fantastic, light fantastic—nonetv. side, I wasn't weight Mother's on to So, as joke! her out I sounded

betting Sub. Sue and on intentions. her her I asked what ifquite masterpiece a had Granny

if Susie But wasn't worrying F. of turning the idea down, O. was it, since sheseen scowling but was

date, her it got I was. Faithful). When was about (meaning Old Heat travel bright the folders Aunt

IMargaret had sent, it was wasted. plenty good enough to flirt with, I to be two days before the Prom,

said, when there was nobody else was frankly worried for my own Susie signaled me into the kitchen in sight. safety. Besides, I couldn't underto glance.with another used She it. pill. is stand no Sue Even my flirt?"do mean, you Sue "What the she arm, butgrab by now me tell brotherly she's quite eyes a me I indignantly, demanded, "When will power.used bit prettier latethan average. And it give pleasant a word, Merwin to off take her "Try the mind ly, since she'd so taken been up it's flirting, isn't being kind to dumb idea,"whole she whispered, "you all, her with soul or and maybe animals!"if I'llcan, it all can. anyone have in she she because thought was

I just as sharp as "Well,"was for indecided her the morning!"love, a kind of she a had had

But in the morning, all she could she was, "I suppose you're figuring well, I guess you'd call it a radiant say was to urge Grandma to wait on doing your kind deed to a bigger look, or luminous or something; any-

a few days before deciding anyand dumber animal, football's gift way, she sort of stood out from the thing. to the bobbysockers?"She knew I crowd, if you know what I mean.

Well, when the telegram came on meant Paul. What was Mr. Silver waiting for?

Thursday, saying that Uncle Henry "Oh, him?"she said, loftily, (Continued on page 64)

JANUARY 1950 21 JOHN A. WIDTSOE RICHARD L. EVANS

Editor Editor

PRESIDENT GEORGE ALBERT SMITH

Editor

Growth is always accompanied by change. So it is with The

Improvement Era. Last October sixteen pages were added THE ERA GROWS

to the colormonthly magazine, and printing on the inside pages along with other improvements became a Dm /4okn -Sv. {/[/iaUoe

regular feature. This month addiOF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVt

tions to the editorial staff along with changes in the present staff are announced. Nibley, associate professor of hisscience at the University of Utah;

of secretary F. Bennett, Archibald at Brigham Young tory and religion L. of President Richard Evans of the Society Genealogical the Durham, Dr. G. University; Homerthe the of Seventy, First Council of the Lee A. Palmer andwho since February of 1936 has head of the department of political Church;

office. Bishopric's Presiding

been managing editor of the magaThese progressive steps will rezine, has been advanced to the position of editor along with President sult in a better and more attractive can now make aGeorge Albert Smith and Elder magazine. We

John A. Widtsoe. Doyle L. Green, fuller use of the numerous articles

assistant managing editor for three sent to us for publication; the probyears, becomes managing editor. lems of our distraught world, noMarba C. Josephson who has served tably of youth, can be given more

so faithfully as associate editor since attention; gospel themes may be

1935, has been advanced to associexplained more acceptably; the afate managing editor. Elizabeth J. fairs of home and household will

Moffitt has been promoted to manureceive more adequate considerascript editor and Albert L. Zobell, tion; the progress of the world and

Church may be more interestingly editor. research They DOYLE becomes Jr., ManagingL. GREENEditor presented. associates editorial formerwere

Additions to the staff include NelToday, problems, some unlawful son White as art director and Burl and devilish, are stirring the hearts

Shepherd, "Today's Family"editor. of men; forebodings hang heavy in

Included on the new list of staff human minds; the gospel point of

members are the names of six conview is needed to control these tributing editors whose contribuevil forces which are seeking to rule tions have been appearing in the the world. Where and how may

magazine for many years. They happiness be found?

are: Dr. Sidney B. Sperry, professor This field, the Era, mindful of its

of Old Testament languages and obligations to young and old, will literature at Brigham Young Unicontinue to help its readers explore.

versity; Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr., There is work to be done, let us

it unitedly. do at of physics professor associate

JOSEPHSON MARBA C. Since we are talking about ourEditor Associate of Utah; Managing Dr. Hugh the University

22 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA associate editor of the Millenial former member of the general board

Star. He continued in this position of the Young Men's Mutual Imuntil November 1928, when Dr. provement Association. He and

John A. Widtsoe, who had sucSister ElVera Campbell Green are

ceeded Dr. Talmage as president the parents of three daughters and

of the European Mission, called a son.

him to serve as secretary of the Marba C. Josephson, our assomission. In that capacity he ciate managing editor, has spent a

visited eleven European countries, lifetime of activity in the Church.

from the Mediterranean to the Mostly she has worked in the inArctic. terest of youth, both in the auxiliary

J. MOFFITT L. ZOBELL,ELIZABETH ALBERT JR. Returning to Salt Lake City in (Continued on page 60)

Editor Editor Research Manuscript "The glory of God is intelligence"

September 1929, he secured emCONTRIBUTINGI;i|SSEDITORS: SB

ployment with radio station KSL.

He soon became affiliated with the

Tabernacle Choir and Organ program, then in its infancy as a network feature. Through the years

his name has become synonymous with that radio hour. He went on

to obtain his B. A. and his M. A.

NELSON BURL SHEPHERD WHITE degrees from the University of Editor Art Director Family""Today's

Utah. He was appointed managing

selves, may we repeat that the ineditor of The Improvement Era

B. SPERRY FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR. fluence of the Era has been great. in February 1936; and at the OctoSIDNEY

Its volumes are a storehouse of ber 1938 general conference of the history, doctrine, hightype fiction, Church he was sustained as a mempoetry, and a wealth of miscellaber of the First Council of the neous subjects. Seventy.

The Era, coming monthly in a He and Sister Alice Thornley form to save, will keep you abreast Evans are the parents of four sons.

of the happenings of the world, the Managing Editor Doyle L.

Church, and the state. No one can Green, is the author of the popular

afford to be without it. current Era feature, Mission to

Now, about the people who edit, Polynesia, which he writes with a publish, and distribute the Era for love borne of three years spent in its readers. the Tahitian Mission, 193639. He G. HOMER DURHAM HUGH NIBLEY

President Richard L. Evans, who has a master of science degree in

will now take his place along with sociology from Brigham Young JBfflpS!Sis 1k&

President George Albert Smith and University, obtained in 1942.

Elder John A. Widtsoe as an editor He has been a member of the

of The Improvement Era, is a faculty at Brigham Young Univerman of many interests and great sity. Immediately before his work

capabilities. All of these he has with The Improvement Era he

used to strengthen the Church and served as extension editor at Utah build up The Improvement Era. State Agricultural College, Logan.

His friendly voice on the air and is an Eagle Scout and enjoys his sincerity in writing have made He him a friend of countless numbers working with and teaching the is a LEE A. PALMER ARCHIBALD F. BENNETT of radio listeners and magazine and youth of the Church. He

newspaper readers.

Deprived of his father at the age of ten weeks, he grew up as the youngest of nine children, working his way through school. His scholastic ambitions were temporarily

halted after his freshman college year by a call to the British Mission; he departed for that field of

labor in November 1926. Dr. James

E. Talmage of the Council of the

of the then president and Twelve to Mission, called him European be ELBERTGeneral R.ManagerCURTIS BERTHAAssociateS. ManagerREEDER BusinessJOHN D.ManagerGILES AssistantVERLBusinessF. SCOTTManage!

JANUARY 1950 23 Elder Ezra Taft Benson offering congratulations to Explorer Wayne Freckleton as he received the gold medal

'J'wice in quick succession Wayne Freckleton had dived into the muddy

rapids of Idaho's Lost River in an attempt to snatch a human life from the jaws of death. With

his strength ebbing, and

facing a roaring whirlpool, Wayne knew it was

...This Time...or Never

father's cousin, Ellis J. Freckleton, On the bank Ellis'wife and

-j/orace had been on the river trying out five children watched in horror as a $men some surplus oneman life rafts. he sank out of sight and rose again.

TheLostragingRivertorrentheld ofa themanswollenin its river"I waswhennearingmy rafta hitwhirlpoolsome sunkenin the cludingOthers severalwere watching,grown men.too, Butindeathly grip. It was this time object and capsized,"Ellis said none of them made a move to help.

later. "I hip boots, was wearingor never. I went under the second "When

filled with water. and they Twice Wayne had dived into the The time,"the drowning man afterwards whirling sucked water me under. rapids.muddy Twice he had been I related, "I decided get had to

for came up, I shouted When Iswept past the whirlpool the where boots, stayed and I rid of my under drowning man was entrapped. help."until I got them off. But I was so

Twice he had fought his way to Ellis was a good swimmer. He exhausted when I came up that I

shore down stream and run back had been a Scout and Scouter ever was unable to swim out."

up the bank. There wouldn't be since he was twelve. He had been

time for another try if he didn't an assistant scoutmaster and a By that time Wayne had swum to make it now. scoutmaster and was then an asthe bank, and rushed back uplight pole "Father, help me,"he prayed in sistant in the Y. M. M. I. A. sustream. He picked up a

his heart as he took the final plunge. perintendency at Moore, Idaho. He along the way as he hurried for

was fortythree years another try. Then, for the second

The Freckleton of age and weighed time, without a moment's hesitation, river.family was in Idaho The tenth law: 180 pounds. But the he dived into the maddened

for the opening of < ( angry whirlpool and Why this boy of seventeen SCOUT A

Itthe fishing failedfin j season. should in uboots the * were have been alone a,the

IS BRAVE i lorf and the June, attempt i.him.was there too. much when were TjHe rescue

Lost River was at couldn't free himself several grown men watching the flood stage. It wasn't too good from the whirling waters. scene is hard to understand without

for angling, but they hadn't known The moment Wayne realized that fully realizing the condition of the that when they left Salt Lake his father's cousin was in danger rampaging river. "Not one proCity. They were an outdoor he pulled off his shoes and plunged fessional swimmer in a thousand

family, and they liked to hunt and into the water. But the racing curwould have dived into that raging

fish in the Gem State. rent swept him downstream before millrace,"Ellis later explained.

Wayne's father, Ernest, and his he could reach the whirlpool. The fact that he was placing his

24 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Tt is with great pride and pleasure that I notify you on behalf of the National * Court of Honor that you have been voted the Gold Medal with Crossed Palms in recognition of your gallant conduct in saving the life of your uncle [cousin] from drowning, June 5, 1948.

The medal was designed by a famous artist, Belmore Browne, and is made of gold, but its intrinsic value is small compared with the deed for which it stands. The value as a token will, however, increase each year as

you wear it, for it shows that you were prepared and did your utmost in the service of others, even though it may have resulted in the sacrifice of your own life.

With these facts in your mind this medal will tend to keep before you the greatest lesson in scouting, that of being prepared to RENDER SERVICE TO

OTHERS in any emergency.

All members of the National Court of Honor join me in congratulating you and wishing you a long, happy and useful life.

George J. Fisher, National Scout Commissioner, Rear Admiral Richard

E. Byrd, Hon. J. Edgar Hoover, Capt. Edivard V. Rickenbacker

Hon. Owen J. Roberts, Dr. James L. Clark, Leivis Gawtry,

Dr. Irving Langmuir, G. Barrett Rich, and Dr. Vilhjalmur

Stefansson.

Letter from National Court of Honor

life at the mercv of the river for of the trouble. He didn't have dived under the surface, and found

the second time in but a few minmuch time to outline his final action. the victim. The fact that he now

utes hadn't worried Wayne as he Twice he had tried from outside the actually had hold of his father's entered the stream with the pole. whirlpool. Twice he had failed. If cousin gave him added courage and

He was a Scout. He had been he was to succeed this time, he added strength. He used that

taught to swim. The tenth law would have to swim into the pool strength to swim under water to

A Scout Is Brave—was part of his and take his chances in getting out. shore.

nature. A man was in danger, and But could he do it, as tired as he was At the water's edge there were

as long as there was a chance of and with a 1 80pound man, when many hands willing to haul the saving him there was just nothing that man, who was a good swimmer two upon the bank. Although nearelse to do but try. and fresh when he was first drawn ly exhausted, Wayne realized his

But the river was mean. It had into the pool, couldn't do it alone? job was not yet finished. A drown-

a man, and it didn't intend to let Well, he would try! ing victim is not always safe when

him go. Wayne swam with all It was then that prayers were he is out of the water. So the Scout

the strength he had and extended answered—answered because of started to administer artificial

the pole as far as he could into the training, and courage, and the will respiration. But Ellis, although

whirlpool. But although it passed to do or die. dazed, had not lost consciousness.

over the neardoomed man, he either Ellis, who had kept swimming Stirring a little, he said that he was didn't see it, or else he didn't have with what strength he had left, all right. He soon recovered.

strength to grab it and hold on. So was nearing the edge of the pool Wells McGregor, of Thatcher,

Wayne fought his way to shore and raised a hand just as Wayne Idaho, witnessed the event. He is

again and ran back up the bank. passed. Wayne saw the hand, {Continued on page 78>)

Now Wayne wras poised for the final try. It was this time or never.

The man in the river couldn't last while he tried again. And he

wouldn't have strength left for a repeat attempt.

Could he make it? If he had

failed when he was fresh, how could he hope to succeed now he was tired? What could he do that

would save the drowning man?

He didn't stop to try to answer the questions as they entered his mind. He knew that the only place

he could find the answers was in that muddy water. So with a prayer

in his heart, he dived in.

Progress is rapid when you swim with a fast current. That was part Wayne,The Freckletonand Kay.Scouts at home: Wilford, the youngest, Mr. Ernest K.,

JANUARY 1950 25 our impulse may be to reach out and help. We must then remember how Jke delicate and lovely a thing is anything that flowers. Years ago I

had given to me a little plot of land in which some scillas grew. ISSIONARIES

The beautiful little blue flowers enBY raptured my heart. One spring they were slow in coming up—so

finally I dug up the earth around

Clizabeth S>. vJ>eckwltk them to see why they did not

grow—and they never bloomed

is the Mrs. Beckwith wife of again. could little bulbs not As the the Reverend D. Kenneth Beckdisturbed, stand being as a leaf mustTheysorts haveof times,come tobyourdayhomeandat byall with, the serves Massachuwho

night, in winter, spring, and sumsetts Conference and Missionary unfold by itself and would be sadly mer. With also fingers, so (Congregational) in bruised by human Western Massachusetts. is thereaction spirit sensitive each same—anone of theminstantour Society developing would the

sense of relationship and welcome of another be mutilated by our wellan eagerness to have them stay, a intentioned but misguided efforts.

reluctance, to let them go. We do see the sunlight glinting through the Our love can go forth to warm, our

not stop at the little word "like"—trees when one is told of the bapfaith to inspire, and our prayers to

it is not even the doorstep on the tism by his father of an eager little encircle and make safe and sure threshold of our love. Instead, boy of eight. One senses the this growing time.

feels of the of missionariesthese Church gravity—

it to given one has Saints Latterday Christ ofJesus thelife—whenpurposefulness is—andLast fewof allof themcome therethe missionariesbe—whose to blessing a patriarchal told what of the intostep instantly warmth mute. wonders are testimonies One

is older contained. I an a boy fully There affection. had Neverour is potentiality even if of the germ joy, simplicity a a it and and to be richness means before whatknown out behave there. come They in strength, the sweetness backand of in family God. the childa persuaded have been they cause these of the best boys from grounds I known, have fellowshipChristian

first another. to so do by Upon

is that Saint of Latterday homes brothare our missionaries thesebut in this accord not does seem thought apparent. fathers very Their and comforting true in the anders most

all. at practice right missionary with built worthily mothers have upon the of word. sense Our strongand

if of glimmering there a even be Yet of traditions past, lived the acthe our them, and before openhearts love bids them stay. tively and truly up to the precepts light in the human soul, that light

can grow, possibly until it becomes a light of overwhelming brilliance.

Qome who come are bright and beautiful, with the If a potential missionary has love morning of their day upon them. Nurtured in the enough for another to want to do

faith, with a knowledge from infancy of the gospel, what that individual desires, and at they can and do expound it in a way that catches the cost of two years of his life, then and grips the attention of one's mind. in that love is a beginning. For love

is of God; like a seed within the

Some who come are bright and of their faith, and they who have heart love grows, watered by human beautiful, with the morning of their given the best gifts of life to their need, nourished by study and by day upon them. Nurtured in the children must feel rich indeed in prayer. Eventually love that started

faith, with a knowledge from inthese their sons and daughters. on a human basis becomes divine

fancy of the gospel, they can and Other missionaries come who are and inclusive. One sees missiondo expound it in a way that catches hesitant or shy. They have an inaries "come alive"as the mystery

and grips the attention of one's ner testimony but not the words or and marvel of the gospel dawns mind. They have a sureness of the selfconfidence upon them. They

speech that is born of knowledge to express it. One Qthers who come are become motivated,and experience and of the Holy senses the struggle energized, transhesitant and shy. They formed. They beSpirit. One is impressed with the going on—a strugwholeheartedness of the Christian gle that will finally have an inner testimony come able to do

living that is behind them. Theirs result in a testibut not the words or the and to endure that

is the spiritual heritage of a great mony being borne selfconfidence to express which would have and courageous people, brave that is convincing it. One senses the struggle been impossible

enough to endure suffering and perbecause it is that is going on.... had not an insecution, faithful enough to follow achieved through ner transformation

through years of trial a modern study, prayer, humility, and a much taken place.

revelation from Almighty God. Like greater dependence upon the Holy So the missionaries come and go.

precious jewels to be handled Spirit than they had in the beginning. They tug at our heartstrings as they

reverently are the stories they tell When we become aware that somevaliantly cover up at times fatigue, of their own homes. One can almost one else is in the throes of growth, (Continued on page 72)

26 THE IMPROVEMENT ER.

Josephine Donna Smith—

Ina Coolbrith

the best known \J5iAJ Ar. j. Saii&bvir of Amongearlyday western

poets was Ina Coolbrith, ".?:'

poet laureate of California. the She was of those one lovely was June

ina Coolbrith as a young girl daughter of Carlos Don in city, the IT days unique Nauvoo of Smith, brother the the beautiful. The muddy, swirlProphet.

with Joseph Smith as lieutenanting waters of the mighty Mississippi, turning from a westerly course, general.

its The Legion served Nauvoo in a great semicircle swung around de of plume nom Ina Coolbrith, It by purpose. protected the Saints

city, the famous then hurried on she which during the was known until they could their build city southward life. toward the Gulf of remainder of her their establish and schools uniand Mexico. Ina's parents suffered persecution versity, their and teach and educate

Now came the measured tread in Ohio and Missouri. At one time people; so that when the jealous

of the long column of the Nauvoo while Don Carlos was on a mispoliticians and preachers of Illinois

Legion, marching up Mulholland sion to Tennessee, before Ina's birth, turned against them and martyred

Street, led by a brilliant, twentysix the Missouri Daviess county, mob in their Prophet scattered and the peostarred American flag. Terse orders Missouri, burned her home, and ple, the effect of that was like rang out. The colshe, CoolAgnes scattering fire, a prairie which,

halted, andumn there, finally here and at then formed the s a tiny, goldenbrithfoot Smith,in the fledsnow,on smolderingrevives into irresistible a giant, conside of the street haired girl, Ina got with little Agnes flagration that carries all before it.and arms, presented her first glimpse the strapped her on of grandmother, Catherine My as one man. Sacramento Valley carrying back while and sister Salisbury, Smith of the

Their commander, she sat on a horse with Sophronia in her Prophet, told me that while a band

Joseph Smith, Jr., a famous western scout, arms. To reach her of lawless Missourians waited in

was resplendent in who uttered these profriends she waded the northeast corner of their state, the full uniform of a phetic words: rrThere, across Grand River, just below Keokuk, Iowa, two ofLieutenantGeneral. deep, little amidst their spies girl, lies your kingwaist approached and Nauvoo the cynowasHe of floating cakes a from hiding place hazel dom."in a

sure of all eyes, but ice. thicket the of a parade saw Nauvoohis brothyounger

er, BrigadierGeneral Don Carlos turnedLegion. to Intheirfearfuloutlawhasteband,they andreSmith, also attracted attention. He so badly frightened them with theirwas six feet four inches tall,

report of the military might of the straight and athletic, fair of comLegion that the mob forgot theirplexion and blueeyed.

plan for invading Nauvoo and fled

Don Carlos was born at Norwich, to their homes.

Vermont, on March 15, 1816. He It was during such happenings in

was the ninth child and seventh son Nauvoo that Josephine Donna of Joseph and Lucy Mack Smith. Smith was born, on March 10, 1 84 1

He endured the hardships to which Soon her sister Sophronia died.

the members of the Smith family Next, her wonderful father passed were subjected during the early away at the age of twentyfour.

days of the Church. On July 30, Then the Saints were driven from

1835, at Kirtland, he was married their beautiful new city.

to Agnes Coolbrith. Three daughAfter a period of mourning, Ina's

ters were born to them prior to the mother married William Pickett of sudden death of Don Carlos, which St. Louis, Missouri. He was second

took place at Nauvoo, Illinois, on Ina Coolbrith in the year 7895 cousin of the famous General

August 7, 1841, when he was five Pickett who, at the command of Lee,

Pickett's forlorn led the noted hismonths past twentyfourth city charter proThe Nauvoo the against impregnable chargebirthday. youngest The for daughter vided the the organization of lines battle at the of Union

was named Josephine Donna Smith, Nauvoo Legion. The Legion, origburg. Gettysafter her uncle, the Prophet, and inally consisting of six companies, In 1852 the Picketts migrated to

her father. Later she assumed the was organized February 4, 1841, {Continued on page 73)

JANUARY 1950 27 UNDERSTANDING

oiiL$e i/—>rowmn(A Bf Jc &

NSTRUCTOR IN SOCIAL WORK UNIVERSITY OF UTAH OUTH

Disequilibrium at this period of life is not to be construed as permanent, and parents who are wise do not fight back or return kind for kind.'when the child of their bosom begins to reveal openly that he is no

A dolescence is the period of life longer dependent upon the carewhen socialization takes place fully planned parental program.

When one talks with such parents rich mahogany bric-a-brac stand to a marked degree. Instead of

their envisions of the future atand into the for back home triangular with shelves and turning child, fine, to they readily a agree opinions, the or girl titudes and boy pillars handturned carved stood in the corner of the room. It of fourteen often looks out into soindependent adult, functioning with

selfconfidence. ease complete and to are others observe whatdisplayed glass objects, spun sea ciety

their to offspring achieve want is this the They doing. of example Anshells, portraits. miniature and

is status; desire the genuine. such closest her teenager phones who it Ellis at looked loathing. with

initial the mentions Then, one when crisp friend a mornSeptember on this"Mother, oldfashioned gadget recontrol, of the parental loosening sweater the query, ing with "What is to a disgrace our home. People

will think we are cave men. They'll are you wearing to school today?

think we live in the dark ages, that Are you going to wear your plaid iswe are covered in cobwebs; they'll skirt?"The "herd instinct"

wonder about our sanity!"strong, and the wise mother refrains

material with many As the stereotyped questioning from fifteenyear old orated The boy objects which have for school appears ready lass who lishis declaimed,and and mother tened serenely. She thought of her looking identical with her mates. sentimental value to

adult, the adolescence are important influences outside youth, she deThe hadown and how tends them to throw of the time, at this and the matrixspised table, that golden parlor oak the one with brass claw feet home in which the child has been out, discard them, reclutched over great glass balls. growing, and which has been a prisent them because

mary source of comfort and guidadolescence is a phase "Very well, son, I'll take all the ance, seems childish and commonof selfassertion and bric-a-brac off, and you personally place to the adolescent. Parents urge. Disequilibrium at

shall have the honor of removing should understand that this "growthis period of life is not this symbol of decadence to the ating-out"process seems dangerous to be construed as pertic."

to the boy and girl; they should recmanent, and parents

Ellis did so, and the antique ognize that this quasideveloped perwho are wise do not shelves gathered dust along with son needs a kind of halfand-half fight back or return kind other furniture and toys. kind. treatment—love and shielding at for

Who was to remember or dispute one point, and freedom for indeEllis seven years later, when he was pendence at another. One authortwenty-two years old, and he and ity calls the adolescent period rehis bride rummaged in the attic and birth"and says:

rediscovered the bric-a-brac stand? linquishment of demands, the inter-

"It's solid mahogany, dear!"he I wish I could offer a paindispelling mediate steps which a child must

birth, this during second to motherssaid. "It will look quaint in that drug adult take to approach adulthood, the into the children of this delivery

alcove."And adolescent feeling world, or that I could, at least, like a good very same parents sometime stand

was forgotten as Ellis reflnished the obstetrician, tell the mother what to do aghast and some even revert to destand and rubbed the mahogany to every step of the way."mands for strict obedience such as

a satiny sheen. were used in early childhood. ObAnd so, as with many material Very few parents stop to realize viously, the adolescent rebels

objects which have sentimental valthat they themselves are going against such treatment. Not that

ue to the adult, adolescence tends through an adjustment process he particularly wants to disagree

Henry The Adolescent: 1Schumacker, C,to throwr them out, discard them, His with his parents, but he is putting

(Huntington. Problems Development his Major andresent them; because adolescence is Indiana: Our Sunday Visitor Press, 1945), p. 74. up a real fight to establish his own

a phase of selfassertion and urge. Family2Levy,(NewJohn,York:andAlfredMonroe,A. Knopf.Ruth, 1948],The Happyp.ll. identity as a person. Although the

28 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ArdoU'Scent Tn referring to the period between

Cfirf: fourteen and twentyone, English and Pearson state that the

"J was busty in some adolescent must choose a vocation and begin to prepare for it, learn to decisions about depend more upon himself and less color schemes, and I upon his parents and family, bring about a satisfactory relationship learned more, living in with the opposite sex, and begin to that room, than if it accept mature responsibility.

had been arranged by Parents of adolescent boys and the best interior decgirls would do well to examine their orator in town..."evaluatingattitudes towardtheir ownthese feelingsseveral areas,abouteiderdown comfort of the parental

protection was pleasant, he feels a each of them. Some parents will

difficulty first, have accepting the todeep urge "put childish away quite empty, the and parents pour if and the become alarmed may is Itthings."frequently fight a

it into all their love, strength, and child not stated has a preferenceagainst himself, as against as much emotional support. for process The life's for a work. and Urgencyhis parents. parents many How is the child of receiving, one taking will parental reprodding probablyever this consider point of view? in, incorporating. But physiwhen fitful sult in outbursts, withdrawal, not do find thus andMany themcal maturation place, takes emoand If sullenness. girl the and or boyselves continually being hurt the by tional independence becomes more is it is to not choose, the ready pagirl to orboy they given have whom complete, the act of continued givrental to role his in support him dayso parents much. their Most desire

ing parents causes by an overflow today routine of school work and tochildren grow the vessel, up, but they keep of the child and at least a himself assume of poise semblancea of kind "NeverNever-Land"cannot take desire any more. His about matter. the whole the On assuch Barrie in described "Peter

is to gradually discontinue being reother hand, of enthusiasm youth as a secretPan,"their wish of plenished by others, and to give of sometimes opens a floodgate of enhearts.

himself; he no longer wants to reergy in projected plans which are

to ceive himself. but extend Of of the out admittedly question from the period from fourteen Pouring

is course, physical the urge very the point of of parental view pocketto twentyone, the adolescent out strong of prosometimes and is It inclination. notable book and

is his assimilating fortivalues and to maturity, portion psychological flights that these of vocational fancyfying for himself is the battle which it is this in that underexigency and frequently disseminated are by someto his. girl be stated one As conoffer standing guidance, parents can present, of the sheer or urgency bycerning an elongated in period her the adolescent with recognize and favorable of lack circumstances.

life she when her expected was by is a that pretty through going he to learning In depend more upon to onlymother "set table": the

life. his of Praise period trying less his himself parents upon and

tired"I'm setting of the table—no here. interest helpful are and One family, the adolescent and makes nicematter the silver dishes, how particularly father was whose boy trial flights. paWith many

I linenand to the want cook look—greatsaid to that he close him was rental permission he plan may

dinner!"One author has stated ly relieved just to talk with his dad a summer vacation in company

that growing up is like the filling of about how much he wanted to be (Continued on page 77) a vessel: in childhood the vessel is married and to discuss the disparity

—Photograph by Harold M. Lambert between his physical development

and his ability to support a wife.

Undoubtedly this particular father..;'::,::y::"!,:: ';.:.;,:

established a good relationship with his son when he was a small child.

Parents need to accept ivith as much

poise as possible the

fact that at times fane and Jimmy actually prefer the companionship

of their teenage friends.

SYNOPSIS

Tn the year 1851, President Brigham * Young sent colonies to extend the

Mormon territory to the south.

Those who went had to fight four adversaries: the Utes, the Navajos,

the nature, whites, renegade and on the greatest times which seemed at adversary of all. No treaty with

the United States could guarantee the settlers from the depredations of the Navajos. Even Kit Carson

who displaced the Indians had found it impossible to quell them. Jacob

Hamblin and Thales Haskell genuinely loved the Indians, and time their look without blinking. They

after time to a reluctant them won

it peace, only broken to have again had their glittering sixshooters on because of the actions of the renetheir hips, the brave sixshooters gade whites. But at last the Morwhich soothe the coward's yellow

mons had begun their settlement, in the face of Indian attack and nature.—Photograph by Hal Rumcl nerves and bolster him in the cheapest kind of lie about his own

pusillanimous self. If Jones had

XVII as if to demand, "Are we going to only had a gun, it would have given not If they for that?"stand were

act, to he but had excuse no them it call it good, to take going and hated themselves they and gun, and them then they have had to amongTwoaroundnightsa campfirelater theyat Rincone,stood to they other had because each their thoughts about that dance at least one man with the sand to listen to him in silence.

still echoing in boasts and protests. say so, that the others might muster

"We let 'em down easy that the fortitude to endorse his objecAmong that nonplused gang, time,"one of them repeated, "but tion. But the courage which rests glaring through the firelight at their

when they insult us again, we'll on its own honest feet is very difsolitary accuser, was a little fellow shoot out every lamp in the hall."ferent from the kind which hangs with a sense of humor, and with

Kumen Jones had been riding for dear life to a gun. the courage to speak. "Well, sir,

Mr. Jones,"he admitted reflectively,with in interest the them unof that day Jones, and unarmed Kumen "I think you have it doped out

till cattle,the Bluff listened afraid, with there he stood and before them about right. No man's goin'to getthe babble of brave words died more security of position than any

kick out of scarin'sick women any like a falling of the blustering wind.down gang had one "Look who

little kids."and

here, fellows,"forth, the grit he substituted broke you which a gun for "do you think your brave yells and Was not to be found in his anemic No other one around that fire your shooting frightened any man anatomy. indulged another brave gesture.

in Bluff? It may have startled "Every man and boy in Bluff,"They conferred in low tones as they

nervous women and timid children. Jones went on without fear of bescattered off to their blankets. They

Everybody else that heard it felt ing answered, "who heard you had sought the sheltering walls of nothing but disgust."shooting so heroically there in the San Juan to escape the laws of the

They opened their eyes at him in night to torture sick folk and chilUnited States, and they could not quick astonishment. dren had just one impulse, and that permit a little backwoods town to

'You call yourselves brave men,"was to get his gun and shoot force any of its discipline upon he went on. "It takes your kind straight at you. You can thank your them, even for the brief time they

of bravery to frighten the weak and good fortune they had better hold might want to stay. If they

the helpless. If ever I saw a bunch of themselves than you have of couldn't be the lions in that log

of cowards, it's right here."yourselves or that is exactly what meetinghouse and carry on like a

An indignant hush settled on the they would have done."stampede of steers down a box

circle in the glow of that fire and They looked daggers at him in canyon, then they would have a they searched one another's faces disarmed hesitation, and he met dance of their own and set a style 30 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA so dashing it would have to become might be the best way to their soluWood, Nephi Bailey, and others in the rule. tion. the procession. They faced diffiWhen they stayed in Bluff, they President Hammond went with a culty and danger from the very first

ate at the home of Grandfather pack outfit, taking some of the leadday of their beginning, for MontiJohn Allan and made his place their ing men of the colony with him, cello had to fight its own battles, headquarters. They decided to and explored along the eastern side stand on its own feet, and carry

stage their dance in his dooryard. of the big San Juan territory, lookon if it was to survive the herd of

He was old and stooped and weary ing for strategic places for outposts. ruffians waiting and resolved to ride

with the weight of strenuous years; He proposed that they build one over it roughshod. That much was

surely he would have no temperapost on White Mesa, east of the clearly understood by the brave ment to object, even if he failed to Piute stronghold in the Little Valmen and women who answered the see that objecting would injure his leys and another post at the base call. By their magic of unusual

hotel business.. of the Blue Mountain where the diplomacy they were supposed to

But John Allan, however stooped pirate empire was taking more defibring law and order into that and jaded, had the fighting fire of nite shape every day. Building and howling chaos.

old Scotch clans in his blood, and manning the two posts at one time A winding wagon track over sandhills and rocks, through stretches of sagebrush and across

through the fifty miles of solitudetL FIRING LINE precipitous canyons, extended between Bluff and Monticello.

Communication between the two /e. places was infrequent and uncertain, x<tman j JWLt and although they cooperated as

best they could, each center was when he saw that dance getting up proved to be more than the colony still in a remote world of its own.

steam in his dooryard, he rushed was prepared to do; in fact, the The cowpunchers east of Blue

out there like a roaring lion. The prospect of undertaking a start Mountain regarded the building of

old man had no gun; he was small among that horde of roaring outMonticello as an unwarranted inin stature. His hands were stiff laws at the base of the mountain vasion of their territory; the log

and bony and laced over the back was sufficiently terrifying of itself, houses and pole fences built on with big blue veins like ropes, but and White Mesa was for the time their trails, a violation of their fixed his words in broad Scotch left no being forgotten. rights. In answer to the first obone in doubt about what he meant. The new outpost in a beautiful jection to their impudent ways, they

"Gang till the street!"he ordered, prairie stretch east of the mountain raced back and forth through the

"I'll no bear it a minute!"was named Monticello. To the streets firing their pistols in quick

That dance bogged down right matterof-fact mind it was folly, staccato and sending their gorilla there in muttering surprise. pure and simple, "a gleam of hope yells to die away on the prairie.

But at the foot of the mountain in a maze of danger,"a little squad They never missed a chance to show the lawless group was taking its of mice appointed to teach the cat how quick they were on "the draw,"own gait, with mocking contempt better manners. Yet the new warflashing their guns into action with

for the hands reaching in futility fare could not be safely appraised every chance of making a display from the distant outside where men in a the every emptying and chamber by was built old standards—it railroads, had highways, telegraphs, possibilities unpredictable of twinkling. the noisy on drove away They

and a degree of order.

'"The Church Authorities, in their 'J'he cowpunchers east of Blue Mountain regarded solicitude for the mission and its the building of Monticello as an unwarranted indifficult problems, called the bishop vasion of their territory.... They never missed a

of Huntsville, Francis A. Hamchance to shotv hoju quick, they were on "the draw"

mond, to preside over San Juan

Stake. Coming at once, he took what faith can do—faith, that imhorses and cattle; they carried off

studious account of the distressing pelling power so generally dissaddles, bedding, guns, anything situation and discerned that of the counted in the human soul which they could reach, mainly to disthree major labors assigned to the bears it on to its noblest achievecourage the spectre of law, incimission, the first, the winning of the ments. dentally for the amusement of gain.

great Navajos, in a had measure the with got of away much called the president men They When It been accomplished. hardly was first at raised of grain crop Montidig in themto and establish go and this thinkable that could been have cello. objective big of these The they at Monticello, gathered if Bluff in done not had been such selves to establish builders law, was new

close proximity to its first problem. up such equipment as they could but for the present they had diffiIt seemed therefore probable that prepare and started, Frederic I. culty enough in holding their own

the building of other outposts near Jones in the lead, with Charles E. and surviving.

to problem two and problem three Walton, Benjamin Perkins, Samuel (Continued on page 62)

JANUARY 1950 31 0(0 K SEKDKC AX EXPRESSION F 10VE AMD OREEM

T01HE FIRST mSlDHCV QFTHECHa0CHQFOESO5CroT

OF UTlEtfDAY SAINTS WON"THE OCCASION OF THE 20TR

ANTORSAW OF THE FOOTING OF THE CZECHOSLOVAK

Mission WEKTY YEWS A0 THE SEED OF THE KESTOKEP W\lV

OFCQTOAS <M K00TJ5T THE IMPS OF BOHEMIAN

W\k AST) SLOVAKS AKD WBLHSEt) THAT ITMlfitfT

BEMBTOKTFEIIT TO THEWBIE SEEKERS OF iKaw.ttmo FJKP AMOWHIT.

INMBGJK? OFTHE FOOTta OF C2ECHQS10VAKm$m

WETHEXEBB?fOFTRECHai?CHOEaESaS CWiSTOFLITO*

DAYSAWTSlKTHlSlANPlUOro fODOlKBlAQKBSESS

OFFAITH LVAFaiLNESS OFIOVLAW) 1N.THE STT?EKaiffOF

life aovhavimwmTMH-aSQTt TOtomeSHOW THAIbach swuiAmTHEW&D OFGODLIVISrav k rai amd bring sALVATioirroAraovm rarar mg&

WilH Rill FAITH AM? STEATJFASuTO WE AREBMiaTOMS

TfiEFaTQlSSacCESSOFMCZECHOSLOVAKiaiSSM WE

WISH TO EXPRESS THE AKOTOANI GRATJTflDE1M WOT * fobFOR THEthe 0FP0T?raHlTYTOAS$lSTlNBmLDlNaa>THEKl!#PKivjiFae of bum* iabors in thisweyarh

OOMOFGOD. -

30IYH1W

Commemorative resoluTheopenedCzechoslovakianJuly 24, 1929,Missionby wasDr. members:Mission wasthreeformed,in Prague,with twosevenin

to the greeting tion and

: First of the Presidency * * of theJohnTwelve,A. Widtsoeat that oftimethepresidentCouncil Cercany,Carlsbad. one in Zmaimo, and one in of of 1 Church Jesus Christ

Latterday Saints. Speof the European Mission. He was The twentieth anniversary was a

cially drawn and painted assisted by President Hyrum W. time of rejoicing for the Saints there

upon the occasion of the Valentine of the GermanAustrian as two hundred ten members and of anniversary twentieth the friends in Czechoslovakia made Mission Fred and President Tadje of the misthe founding ( Priest's pilgrimage to Knezi Hora of Mission. the Swiss and German sion.

From these two missions the Czech Hill) near the famous Karlstejn 32 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA n

fj Jj in the Lzecnoslouakvan A li WENTY

Dm Mlbert <=JL. /-.obeli, /ft vdsvon

RESEARCH EDITOR Castle on Saturday, July 23, where 1929. missionthe begun in was

as the The Sabbath day, July 24, privilege of commemorating this witnessed, theyThere first event of the anniversary servbrought four wonderful meetings. twentieth anniversary. There were

ices, "God's Hand Through the In the priesthood meeting, under favorable comments from the press

Ages,"the pageant written, prothe direction of local brethren, the concerning this telegram.

duced, and directed by Elder Stansubject was "The Holy Priesthood, Many of the isolated members ley H. Kimball, whose home is in the foundation of God's great had the privilege of coming and

Denver, Colorado. work."The theme of the general joining in this twoday conference,

the of Spirit Lord the in which "The was meeting Church—the beginthe told of pageant The meetings the as increase to seemed salvation."and happiness to way religious in Czechfreedom ofnings reports Mimeographed advanced. and sacrament a followed Then martyr, the John oslovakia, and of prepared were anniversary the of finally a and meeting, testimony with ended and (13691415), Huss, the for there and Saints the for the with meeting theme missionary of mission the of establishment the

the Church of Jesus Christ of Latgeneral subject "The gospel of Saints who could not come.

The missionaries of the Czech terday Saints. Nearby, in the darkChrist—the power of salvation."

ness of that treecrowned hill, Knezi From this gathering a telegram was Mission held a series of missionary

Hora, stood the impressive stone sent to the President of the Repubmeetings on July 25, 26, 27, in monument erected by the Saints of lic thanking him and the governwhich the furthering of the gospel that mission in the difficult days of ment of Czechoslovakia for the {Continued on page 76) 1944, to the founders of the mission:

Elder John A. Widtsoe of the

Council of the Twelve, Elder Arthur Gaeth, who was transferred from the GermanAustrian Mission to be the first president of the

Czechoslovakian Mission, and Elders Alvin G. Carlson, Charles

Josie, Joseph I. Hart, Willis A.

Hayward, and Wallace F. Toronto,

the first missionaries. Elder Toronto

has spent much of his time since as missionary and as mission president in Czechoslovakia, being the current mission president there.

Then, representatives of each branch of the mission spoke, rededicating their talents and their labors to the service of the Lord.

Joseph Roubicek, the acting mission president during World War II, and chairman of the mission anniversary committee, recounted many of his experiences in directing the mission during the war years.

A missionary chorus of thirty voices broke the quiet of the evening with the everinspiring hymn, "We Thank Thee, O God, for a Prophet."There was a prayer of

thanksgiving and a dismissal, and first day of the anniversary celebration was a neverto-beforgotten 600yeartook placeold Karlstejnatop Priest'sCastle. HillPageantin

page of memory. background.

JANUARY 1950 At a conference of the Church members of the Society Islands

Mission held at Putuahara on the island of Anaa September 24, 1846, it was announced that Elder Addison Pratt would return to America, "recruit"as many missionaries as possible, and return with them and his family to continue the work of the Lord in the Islands.

MISSION

TO OLYNESIA

The Story of

Addision Pratt

And The

Society Islands (15u <J-Joule <=.. Ljfreen managing editor

Mission

IX ing difficult. In his journal under in the shade of some lone coconut

that date Addison made this soultree and pour out our complaints

Immediately following the consearching entry: before him, and he has never forsaken

ference Addison made preparaus but has blessed our labors, and tions to leave Anaa for Tahiti I shall never forget the parting with through him we have jointly baptized on the first schooner that came Brother Grouard. He and I have been over a thousand natives besides a

along. Natives from each of the yoked together in this mission for goodly number of Americans and

five villages on the island flooded three and a half years. We have Europeans.

of the poverty, frowns pigs, chickens, withstood ofhim with presents the A RRiviNG at Tahiti, Addison made devils, opposition and... and of men fishhooks, mats,coconuts, sea shells,

and pearls, and from them he also the frowns of hunger, traveling over his way to the home of Brother coral rocks sharp slippery the converted and he had Lincoln whom heartfelt thanksreceived and good toes our with mountains out of our of island the on baptized and to to sure requests bewishes and knees out and shoes our and elbows heart made was Here his Tubuai. visited after hereturn to them had living clothes, of our a part of our

America. time on coconuts and raw fish and glad with the invitation extended

Then came three weeks of waitsleeping on the ground for the sake of to him to stay there until he should ing for a ship, during which time he obeying the Savior's commandments get a passage home.

continued his labors, teaching, and preaching the gospel to the naAddison thought that he had bepreaching, baptizing, and administives of the South Sea Islands. Ofttimes come casehardened to disappointtering to the sick. During this time when we have met and talked over ment, but when Brother Lincoln

trials hardships, our what and was told him that some time before "ahe also dedicated a chapel at to our being be borne is grievous more

Tamarie. As the two missionaries neglected by all that is dear to us on package of news from home,"had

shook hands to part on October 14, earth and how often we felt that our been sent on to him, he felt as heartjust before Addison entered the Heavenly Father was our only friend sick as he had ever been in his life.

boat to row over the reef to board left, and then we would seek some lone In the package, Brother Lincoln the Robroy, tears once more retreat where we could bow down said, was a volume of Times and clouded their eyes and made speakbefore our God upon the coral sands Seasons, letters from his wife, Brig34 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA plight. Although Louisa was a Louis for them. They had lost the

faithful keeper of a journal, for bill and would not let me have the thirteen months after August 11, goods."As she was returning to

1846, she did not make a single her home after dark that evening, entry in her diary. At the time she slipped and fell on the frozen

of her last entry she and her daughground and sprained her knee.

ters were on the road between Mt. Friends helped her home. During

Pisgah and Council Bluffs. At the the days and weeks that followed,

Bluffs Louisa was seized with a her limb swelled to an astonishing sickness of "chills and fever,"and size and remained swollen all winall of the children came down with ter. For several weeks after she

the same malady. In spite of this, was able to get out of bed she went

when they were well enough, they about on crutches. Sometime durpushed on to Wmter Quarters ing the winter the chimney to the

where they lived in a wagon and house, which was also made of a tent. sods, entirely failed, and the family

Part of the time the youngest moved into a dugout, a small "den"'daughter, who was six years of underground. To make it as comage, was well enough to take care fortable as possible Louisa covered

of her mother and three older sisthe dirt floor with willows and ters. At other times they were all spread a thick carpet over them.

down at the same time. The bed consisted of a straw matRealizing they couldn't live under tress and a feather mattress which

such conditions during the winter, were laid on the carpet. The air

Louisa paid a fivedollar gold piece in the dugout was cold and damp to have a sod house built. The and stuffy, and the carpet and the

workman made the house from turf bed soon became wet.

taken from the earth and covered While this fatherless family were it with willows and sods. A blanket living in their underground "den,"

hung at the door and three panes Brother Anson Pratt came to visit of glass let in a few rays of light. them, and when he saw the condiIn surroundings like the scene depicted above, tions under whicfh they were living

faithfully Pratt Elder labored and diligently and the sickness that was among disturbing rumors from amid the homeland across the farflung ocean: The Prophet Joseph them, he sat down and wept.

and his brother Hyrum foully murdered! The Straightway he made a search of

Saints driven from their haven of refuge in

Nauvoo! Were his beloved wife and four the camp to see if there was a room

small girls suffering with the rest of the available into which the family exiles in the "camps of Israel"or were they could move, but there was none.

prairies trudging over trackless through and territories Indian savage on their way to a Finally, when the dugout benew haven in the West? came completely unbearable, Louisa

moved out, determined to sleep there no more and in her weakened condition climbed back into her ham Young, one from the ship wagon. Then came a long heavy

Brooklyn of New York with Latterrain. "I was forced to keep closeday Saint passengers for San Franly covered which caused me to

cisco on board, and a number of sweat profusely for three days,"others "from friends in various she later wrote, "this broke my places."These had been sent on a fever, and I began to recover."

schooner which was unable to reach

Anaa and were left on the island of H\own on the sunny islands of theManii with orders to send them on to Anaa at the first opportunity. South Seas, Addison, of course,

the did not story of whole know in such kept being he wasWhy early the In this lived during they his family through. going what was at conditions ofignorance was home

little existing winter, food on what not they were know how He did could which Addisona mystery available. vegewere There no was suffering. that could not know He in especially solve, of viewnot

in tables broke scurvy the camp, and ate, as each he as scanty meal the fact that in every other way the out. Louisa later wrote that she may have seemed, would often haveit almost blessed behim hadLord given a have yoke of oxen would his as feast been a welcomed by

receive. to his There poweryond for a cheese. family. full not the know He did

it? reason. a was bemust What the story matters even Church had been of how unmore make To

bearable, during midwinter when persecuted and driven out of their

TLJalfway around the world, AdLouisa was able to walk a little, homes. He did not know the hundison's wife, Louisa, and their she went to a store to "get articles dreds of pressing responsibilities

four daughters were in a pitiable by which I had sent money to St. {Continued on page 74)

JANUARY 1950 35

ANDOUT THOUGHTPROVOKING

ARTICLE FOR

LATTERDAY SAINTS

P. X LunA W.3).

written the has adopted been diet of the modern and muchWhile "civilized"world. has even and been more

spoken concerning the Word These facts have been revealingly::!,.:.::.:,,;..: i-ilflb.

of Wisdom, there is still a real need brought to light by the late Dr.

for something concrete—something Weston A. Price, who for nearly

specific by way of summing up and two decades devoted himself asbinding together in a simplified and siduously to the task of visiting every easily comprehended manner, the remote group of people on the great lessons taught in this docuearth. He examined these people

ment. For, after all, since faith carefully and methodically, photowithout works is quite ineffectual, graphed them, studied their diets;

so also would be the Word of Wisand in his laboratory he analyzed dom if we possessed the revelation the foods that made up their diets.

but did nothing about it more than Few are the remote corners of the merely to assent to its verity. earth which he failed to visit, and

It was in an effort to present on most of his expeditions he was these truths (now almost daily beaccompanied by his wife, who ening substantiated by scientific recouraged him in his great undertakthe few remainingsearch ) in a concise way—easily ing. Most of

membered—thatunderstood and equallythe "handout"readily dietreareasto visitwhichbeforehehiswasrecentnotdeathpermittedwere

chart was assembled. On the covered in a closely paralleling—Photo by Keystone View Co.

digits of the outstretched hand are study made by Dr. Robert McCarThroughout the world today there may still

found the essential ingredients and rison of Britain. Dr. McCarrison's dietarybe foundhabitsmen andcomplywomenin andprinciplechildrenwithwhosethe

classes of foods which go to make investigations and conclusions were Handout diet.

up the best dietary for man. And the same as those of Dr. Price. Nor

below the hand is an elaboration of are these men alone in this type of this diet. And these are quite in scientific investigation. to the same infectious diseases

accord with the teachings as conFor those who are interested in which plague the civilized world.

tained in the 89th section of the further study, the book by Dr. Moreover, a return to their own

Doctrine & Covenants. (It is not Price cannot be too highly recomeating habits and to their own

by chance, for example, that the mended; as also the other books natural foods almost as quickly relittle finger was chosen to represent and articles listed in the bibliogturns them to their enviable state

meats in the diet. raphy. In summing up, it can be of physical wellbeing. In the very

Throughout the world today stated that the physical advantages first generation born to parents who there may still be found men and enjoyed by the people studied by have adopted the diet of the modwomen and children, in larger or these investigators are theirs in erns, degenerative changes are evismaller groups, whose dietary consequence of their superior diets. dent which one would like to call

habits comply in principle with the That heredity is not the answer is heredity—-and which, in the past,

"handout"diet, and in every inamply attested to in their accounts has so been called—but which is

stance they are physically superior, and investigations, for wherever now unquestionably, directly or inhaving better physiques, greater these same peoples have come into directly, a result not of heredity per stamina, and increased endurance. contact with our modern dietary se but of nutrition altered nutriAnd they are surprisingly free from habits and adopted them, they too tion. This is certainly true, as Dr.

the common diseases—infectious, have rather quickly demonstrated Price proved, with respect to dental

neoplastic and degenerative—that the same degenerative changes in caries and malformation of dental

so commonly afflict people who have their bodies, and have fallen prey arches.

36 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

By and large, that which is spite of them. The increase in in nutritional research to link toabundant in these more primitive longevity is largely, if not wholly, gether in a cause and effect reladiets and which is lacking in the a result of our increasing control tionship, the increase in incidence of

modern diets is not calories but over the infectious diseases. But these degenerative and neoplastic

rather minerals and organic activafar outstripping the downward diseases with the increased contors, which latter include the sotrend in the incidence of mortality sumption of the highly refined and called vitamins. These substances and morbidity resulting from the innutritionally deficient foods.

are abundant in the natural foods fections, or diseases directly atSome homes solve the problem of of the primitive diets, while in our tributable to germs, is the sharp obtaining fresh whole wheat flour modern diets they have been upward trend in the incidence of by the purchase of a home flour eliminated, destroyed, or otherwise the degenerative diseases, which mill, which is altogether economical rendered, in a measure, useless to include those affecting the heart and and which utilizes the whole and us by our modern methods of millblood vessels, diabetes, diseases of entire wheat kernel. Bread made

ling, processing, and otherwise prethe excretory organs, and the infrom such fresh wholegrain flour serving our foods. crease in incidence of cancer. is, to use a common expression of

We live longer in this day not There is an everincreasing today, "out of this world."

because of our eating habits but in tendency today among scientists It is our recommendation that the "handout"diet be posted in every kitchen, and that it serve as the basis for planning every meal.

It is sincerely believed that its adoption and use will go far toward preserving good health and promoting wellbeing in the lives of all who subscribe to its principles and teachings.

I am indebted to the Lee Foundation for Nutritional Research for many of the books and abstracts used by me in compiling this diet.

They have been of great assistance.

?X.V?*,''-'<?"'t'

sugars like honey and molasses there is a natural control in consumption which is not the case with refined, unnatural products.

Nevertheless, even natural sugars are to be eaten sparingly.

>N the digits of the outDAIRY PRODUCTS: These instretched hand are found clude milk and milk products,

the essential ingredients and butter, and cheeses. Also inclasses of food ivhich go to cluded are eggs. These products

make up the best dietary for are best nutritionally when fresh man.... as is the case with all foods.

While there is good reason to believe that raw milk is nutritionally

K0r*&J<jOr>>-&V-&V-&rx<C {Continued on page 75) *<*Or*&r**&*jOr*&*4Handout Diet Chart

VEGETABLES: All vegetables... preferably fresh and seasonal. When a vegetable may be eaten either raw or cooked

it is well to eat it raw. If eaten cooked, as little water as

needed should be used and should not be discarded after cooking, but should be taken with the vegetables (vegetables are better served in a bowl to utilize this water).

When fresh vegetables are not available, frozen products are desirable. Where the peeling of a vegetable (or fruit)

is edible, it should not be pared away.

FRUITS AND HONEY: All fresh fruits... preferably uncooked. If cooked, the same applies to fruits as to vegetables.

Likewise with respect to the frozen products. Dried fruits

are preferable to canned fruits. Honey is preferred over

refined sugars, because the latter have been deprived of their food value other than calories. Moreover, with natural Photo by Harold M. Lambert

JANUARY 1950 37 FROM TEIVIRLE

By RICHARD L EVANS

Lklidren—and Jime todon'tfindgiveit somewhere.it to them, theAndkindif weof can'tpovertycontinuewe areto afraidkeep itweup. can'tIn

Tt is quite common to hear comment companionship they find may not provide for our children. In plenty

and concern about the weakenbe the kind we could wish they had we are afraid that prosperity will ing and waning of home influence found. They are going to find spoil them. Those who don't have

and discipline. It is not unusual to friends and form habits and learn what they want are afraid they

it. And those hear parents complain that they the ways of life under the influence won't be able to get

if who have what they want are afraidhave tried "everything"and failed. of someone, somewhere. And

we want our influence, our standthey can't keep it. Some men areThey have counseled and cautioned

and coaxed and threatened, someards, our environment to be uppermore fearful than others. Some are

times seemingly without satisfying most, we'll have to do what needs better bluffers. Some don't show

it needs to be their fears as much. But it is more results. If such failures were only to be done when

a personal and private problem, done, and not merely at our own than probable that our opponents they would be serious enough. But convenience, not merely when we and competitors and almost all the

their have meet we men failure have more time. fears—down also failure in the home is

-November 6, 1949 of inside them. deep But we must in the nation, in the neighborhood,

in the world. Perhaps most parents learn not to let fear keep us from

moving forward. It is no disgrace are willing, conversationally at

to be afraid, but it is a disgrace to least, to do all they ought to do for Jear and JaLlnre if we their children. But in addition to "T et not your heart be troubled, let our fears defeat us. And

all the material things we provide neither let it be afraid."1 It wait until we aren't afraid of failing,

for them, among the always urgent would be interesting to know how we'll wait a long time before we do must requirements are understanding and many worthwhile things we could anything worth while. We

companionship. But one of the have done and should have done learn not to let the fear of failure

fail, fears not to let our us and make complaints common final. failures our make have time. We are issothatbreathlesslywe don't werethat weafraid. failed Weto dosometimesbecause aswe 13, 1949—November

busy. And it is true, we are busy. sume that we are more afraid than

Whether or not what we are busy other men are. But when we are Copyright,'John 14:27King Features

at are things of first importance is trembling to our very toes, it is at another question, but certainly we least a reasonably good guess that are busy. And yet we have all the the men we have to meet and comtime there is. We live longer, pete with are trembling inside also. Juck

generally speaking, than our grandNo mortal man ever lived who parents did. The day is still as long, didn't know the feeling of fear. "Sian

But with seasons. are theand so they seldom but Our fears change, of finding much out how way fNE lives and to our yearsmore with completely disappear. we are When for, have to be thankful we

more conveniences to carry our young, we fear some things, and to give up some of our blessings andis load, we are still breathlessly busy. when we are old, we fear others. see how grateful we would be to

And since we can't add hours to the Sometimes we are afraid of the have them back. Consider for a

days nor days to the years, it is dark, and sometimes we are afraid moment just one seemingly simple to ussquarely up what we are goof at the the wolf door. But we fancy are thing: nourishing food—not there time is. Buting the with fearful to do at almost problem of some just but foods, not the trimmings,

before we give our answer, suppose every period of life. Before we simple, strengthsustaining food.

we face this fact: If we don't have have a job, we are afraid we won't We may have come to consider it

time for our children, someone else be able to get one. And when we as commonplace, but let it be taken

will. They aren't going to sit by have one, we are afraid we won't from us for only a few days—or for

and wait for us to make time. They be able to keep it. At first we only a day—and see how abundantare going to grow up whether we are afraid we can't win. And when ly blessed we would feel to have it

have time for them or not. They we have won once, we are afraid back. Let's look at health—just

health,are going to grow up no matter how we can't win again. Before we ordinary, reasonably good

much or how little influence we are married, we are afraid we can't just the feeling that it's good to be have in their lives. They need make a home. And when we have alive: Let us once stop feeling like

companionship, and they are going a home, we are fearful that we a functioning, hearty human being, 38 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA and we quickly come to learn ably blessed to have back what we and wants company in his misery the surpassing blessing of having may now have come to consider as or in his failure. Some people like

health. Look at such simple things commonplace. to pull other people down—and

—November 20, 1949 that's why dares are often dangeras countryside scenes—and eyesight Copyright 1949

to see them; as music and voices ous. Those who urge others into

and ears to hear them; as friends hazardous or compromising situaand family: We casually accept tions don't always say, "I dare

them. We sometimes abuse them. you,"in so many words. There

But once let us lose them, and we are other ways of saying the same it is thing. Sometimes they merely say:would see how abundantly blessed pOR some unexplained reason

we were when we had them. Somesometimes supposed to be em- "Come on, be a good sport."But

times children are troublesome, and barrassing not to do what someone is it being a good sport to urge sometimes they are looked upon as else dares us to do. But why should others to do what they feel they

being a burden; but let one of them it be considered smart or courageous couldn't or shouldn't do? Somebe in danger, let one of them be or commendable to do some stupid times they say: "Everyone is doing

seriously stricken, let one of them thing merely because some stupid it."Everyone isn't "doing it,"but

be lost, and the surpassing blessing person is willing to do it or dares if everyone were, that wouldn't be of having them will soon be in us to do it? In the first place, as reason enough for us to do what we

abject evidence. Let's look at work: to physical performance, we must have good reason for not doing.

Sometimes we complain of it. But remember that what someone else They may resort to ridicule. But

let someone take from us the right dares us to do he may have long what is a little ridicule compared to work or let some illness prevent practiced doing, or he may have with compromising principles or losus from the privilege of work, and some special talent or ability to pering selfrespect? To suffer a little

we would soon see what a blessing form with reasonable safety or aspassing embarrassment is so much it would be to have our work back. surance what could result in almost better than to be forever sorry for

that cannot doing something be unfreedom: look at Let's

his We may certaindisaster failurefor us. orButembarrassmentthere are manyor done. it casually who has to accept And anyone comehave

freedom to live where we want, to kinds of dares besides those inshare of good sense will never hesiworship as we want, to work at volving difficult physical feats. And tate to look a dare in the face and

to are dared do when we to things, turn it is a dare from do freedomwhat we want; it down—if that darer's the remember must intruwe that shouldn't of something our homes, be done the privacy sion upon

freedom to read and to think as we standards may not be safe standor that would be uselessly dangerus ards. dares to do he may What it will to althere has do. ous let it Perhaps bewish. Once lost—as it all to right him, but seem may false foolish friends has as it (or and be ways so men manybeen by

it that right. be be not may And to to others people ) so dare what do men many bynever known been

—and we should soon see how unhe who dares us has already slipped shouldn't be done. But why should

speakably thankful we would be it be considered smart or courageous for freedom. If we need any added to do some stupid thing that no one

evidence of what we have to be in his right mind would choose to thankful for, let there be taken from do, just because some stupid or deus even the least of the seemingly signing person dares us to do it!

simple things that make life livable,—November 27, 1949

and we should soon feel unbelievCopyright, King Features

H EARDwideFROMradioTHEnetwork"CROSSROADSthroughOF THEkslWEST"and theWITHcolumbiaTHE SALT broadcastingLAKE TABERNACLEsystemChOIReveryAND sundayORGAN OVERat 11:30A NATION-a.m.

Eastern Time, 10:30 a.m. Central Time, 9:30 a.m. Mountain Time, and 8:30 a.m. Pacific Time.

(Concluded from page 6) in the celestial kingdom hereafter.

In the affairs of life it's not the NEW YEAR'S RESOLUTIONS This is not some beautiful faraway intellect that counts so much as state to be lost or gained in a day, character, not the brain so much as the rule in life. Experiences so but rather the consummation of a

the heart, not the genius so much small as to leave scarcely a trace life of noble deeds so trifling as our as the selfcontrol, patience, and behind are producing a life that reaction to giving a twoand-onejudgment. Great things are the is noble or ignoble, useful or usehalf-minute talk in Sunday School,

results of little things. Human life less, an honor or a disgrace. our attendance to quorum or auxilis a succession of unimportant Our Church teaches us a plan of iary meetings, a reverential attitude

events. A crushing sorrow, loss of life and salvation which, if we live in partaking of the sacrament, and

a fortune, great mental or physical to the best of our ability, will bring obedience to those in authority over suffering are the exceptions and not us happiness here and life eternal us.

JANUARY 1950 39 Each December since 1902, the First Presidency of tvoo. 5

the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints has been sending out to the world through the pages 'Vs of the Christmas News and other Church publications

Christmas greetings containing messages of hope and love, of charity and gentle instruction. During the

seasons in which we observe the birth of the Prince of

A MESSAGE Peaceon the theearththreehavepresidingcontinuallyhigh encouragedpriests of hisus Churchto live by his word.

Long after the Holiday bells and whistles are siFROM THE lenced, long after the decorations are down, long after the year 1950 ceases to be young, the admonitions contained in the 1949 greeting will lead us on FIRST to a better life if we will but heed them. In January,

April, or October, the importance of the message excerpts of which we print on these pages—will live PRESIDENCY

on.—D. L. G

-4 -ooking back over the centuries that second is like unto it, Thou shalt love thy have passed since then (the birth neighbour as thyself."(Matt. 22:3739.)

jjBgrof the Savior), thinkers are com-: It was this love that impelled him to say:

pelled to ascribe all that is best and most "Love your enemies, bless them that curse sacred in life to the example and teachings you, do good to them that hate you, and of Jesus Christ, the Son of God. pray for them which despitefully use you,

The greatness of the Savior was graphicaland persecute you."(Matt. 5:44.)

ly portrayed by a thoughtful disciple as he How tragically far has the world departed stood on a promontory overlooking the plain from these teachings. This holds true of

of Megiddo, the scene of many of the greatnations as well as individuals. Instead of

est battles of the world: "Here fought love, hate is the ruling force and human

Alexander, Caesar, and Napoleon. They life is considered of little consequence when

have all come up by the pass of Megiddo. measured in terms of selfgratification and

They came with victorious armies dangling national aggrandizement. Bloodshed and

the destinies of the race in their fingers and carnage stalk the land, mankind seemingly deciding with a word the fate of nations, having forgotten the scriptural warning:

and they have all vanished into the items "Whosoever hateth his brother is a murof archeological research. One conqueror, derer: and ye know that no murderer hath

however, crossed this plain whose living eternal life abiding in him."(I John 3:15.)

influence grows with every century. He came The same ethical and moral standards apunheralded, followers, a few with afoot, application find should to individuals plied than give blows rather two to endure willing or narace of nations. in the judging No

one; going southward to be crucified; and tional government has a moral right to into him be the glory and the dominion fringe upon the rights of other countries,

forever and ever."only be justified can measures aggressive and

force in the life of the The compelling the liberty, and of life, protection for the

Master was his superlative love for his maintenance of peace and justice in the fellows as manifest in his every act; and world.

the center and core of his teachings were embodied in what he termed the two greatThe gospel of peace taught by the Savior est commandments: "Thou shalt love the of mankind became lost to the world through

Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with the transgressions of men, and for centuries all thy soul, and with all thy mind. This is the world lay in spiritual darkness, when

the first and great commandment. And the suddenly the refulgent light from heaven

40 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA burst forth, revealing the personalities of testimony of earthquakes,... the testimony

the Father and the Son. Later revelations of the voice of thunderings, and the voice

resulted in the restoration of the priesthood of lightnings, and the voice of tempests, and the establishment of the Church of and the voice of the waves of the sea heavJesus Christ in these latterdays through the ing themselves beyond their bounds. And

Prophet Joseph Smith. all things shall be in commotion; and surely,

At present the message of peace is being men's hearts shall fail them; for fear shall

heralded to the world by more than 5,000 come upon all people."(D. & C. 88:8991.)

duly commissioned servants of the Lord, As the representatives of our Heavenly representing the Church of Jesus Christ of Father, we admonish people everywhere to

Latterday Saints. The mission of these turn unto the Lord and forsake evil, lest

ambassadors is to cry repentance unto this his judgments overtake them. Only through

generation as well as to teach the gospel of a return to the teachings of the Master can

Jesus Christ in its fulness. Should this peace come to the world and the kingdom

message be rejected, the Lord has warned of God be made ready for the return of the the people as follows: Prince of Peace to reign as King of kings

"And after your testimony cometh the and Lord of lords, ask

7 an Ml* It A* <=JJltarn y 0*&**<&>

I am young; z/anuartf tit, 1950 slavery!life beckonsSlavery!me. I mustNotbethat!free!

it be that right and freedom travel '"This diary was among my Christmas Can things. I think I will use it. It may be together,fellows. Havethat wrongI foundandtheslaverykey to arethe bednew interesting a year from now, to read what day?

I write now. Besides, we Latterday Saints I want freedom above all else. Can it be

believe in keeping a record of what we do. that whatever contributes to freedom is

today. calendar year begins There A new right? so enslaves ever me, whatever That

is last night. a lot of shouting This was

little, is I think one found I have wrong?

called Year's day. New

I definition right. keep of Then, must my

it intrigues me. That Does new word

I to into fooled going not be open. eyes am that has another come? merely year mean

I right. shall slavery. the side of on be

it that the also nowyear not Could mean

I to which I begin understand. That

I is last different year? to from born be

life long, they have like that better. have been taught my

I thrill to think of the changes that may called it the gospel, leads to freedom. They

come. I mean progressive changes, that have said that the gospel leads to perfect

will make the world happier. Just now it freedom. I guess there is no other certain

seems to me, the world is not very happy. way. That thought begins to stand out in

learn and New things in science, economics, and govmy mind. So that's my job—to

ernment are sure to develop. Maybe we to obey God's law. Then freedom will be

shall have answers to A-bomb questions. mine.

Maybe I shall take part in bringing these Someone said that the gospel spells freenew things about. That would be fun! I dom of action. I hadn't really thought of it

know I am only one of many people, but I that way. But freedom is a doubleedged

know that as the people, the many individsword. Freedom gives me the right to

uals, think, so the world becomes. In the choose. I must choose, and I must choose

end, despite temporary dictators and tyrants, right to win the blessings of freedom: That

the people rule the world. means responsibility.

I am one of the people, so I must think Don't forget! If I am free to choose. I am

and act right. Would it not be terrible, and going to choose that which leads to freedom.

I guess it's possible, if these coming changes I accept the responsibility of freedom. I

moved the world back-—back to poverty and [Concluded on page 64)

JANUARY 1950 41 >g$MjRecotic l&*i?V&r,<*0ri1rv,

cxuu. VUhere lA/ad the Liarden of Cedent

HThere has been much speculation about who were all high priests, with the residue of the location of the Garden of Eden, his posterity who were righteous, into the where Adam and Eve were placed when valley of Adamondi-Ahman, and there5 bethey came on earth. The earliest record, the stowed upon them his last blessing."

Bible, gives no conclusive clue. It says: Adamondi-Ahman is located on the north

side of Grand River, in a sharp bend of the

And a river went out of Eden to water the stream, on an elevated spot of ground overgarden; and from thence it was parted, and looking the river and country roundabout.

became into four heads. On the top of the hill was an ancient stone

The name of the first is Pison: that is it which altar.

compasseth the whole land of Havilah, where... when the altar was first discovered,

is gold. there it frequently, visited to those who is according there good: that land is of gold the And or nine long, feet it sixteen by about was

stone. the onyx and bdellium

its extent greatest having feet wide, ten is river Gihon: the second of the name And altar the of height south. The and north land it the whole is that compasseth the same

of Ethiopia. at each end was some two and a half feet,

And the name of the third river is Hiddekel: gradually rising higher to the center, which

five feet four and between the east it is of Assyria. was toward goeth which that high—the

1 Such was crowning. is being Euphrates. surface river fourth whole the And

the altar at 'Diahman'when the Prophet's

It has not been possible with this informaparty visited it."

tion to locate Eden with any certainty. Wild According to these several revealed stateguesses have been made that Assyria and ments Adam lived in America, in the region

Ethiopia, names applied to countries in now known as the state of Missouri. The

modern times, might furnish sufficient eviGarden of Eden must then have been on dence, but without success. the American continent. This view is reThe question was finally answered to the enforced by the recorded testimonies of

satisfaction at least of the Latterday Saints. those who heard Joseph Smith on this subIn 1831, under revelation, the Prophet ject; for example, Brigham Young said:

Joseph Smith directed the Church to found settlements in what is now the state of It is a pleasant thing to think of and to know

Missouri, at that time sparsely settled. In where the garden of Eden was. Did you ever

and near Independence, Jackson County, think of it? I do not think many do, for in

Missouri, the Saints planned to build a city Jackson County [Missouri] was the garden of as this I am and declared has Joseph land Eden. a Jerusalem, the to be called "New

that believe that, as to believe to much bound "city In that refuge."of a city of peace,

of God. a prophet Smith was We must Joseph of Zion"was to be erected a temple to Althe and prepare his take own time let the Lord

mighty God.

for our return to that country and to build way Prophet designated the land at The Temple.'up the

Independence and beyond as "the land where

Adam dwelt.""Further, he declared, again Heber C. Kimball said:

under revelation,'"'that Spring Hill, Daviess

County, Missouri, is "the place where Adam I will say more, the garden of Eden was of Missouri; where State and called in the shall County, Jackson come to visit his4 people,"

.. stands. said. The Prophet Independence now The revelation it Adamondi-Ahman.

that "three years previous to the death of Joseph Smith frequently spoke of these things."

Adam he (Adam) called Seth, Enos, Cainan, (Concluded on page 74)

Mahalaleel, Jared, Enoch, and Methuselah, t-lbid., 107:53

102 p. Kingdom, Gospel 3:39; Durham, the Church *Historg of

(See 15, p. 1857; March JanuaryApril, History, 7Joumal 2:1014 Gen.

7, October1 31, 1860, 1-December October History, also Journal 117:8 Covenants Doctrine and

14:7-9.) 5; Contributor 3:35 page the Church History of

10:235 Discourses ''Journal of 116 Covenants ''Doctrine and

42 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA to stir the hearts and minds of the modernday youth, who, like Ruth,

sacrifice of of the regardless and home for. N TIN must learn to worship the true God, called that country be The may

difto the likewise serves show E JS &*>ksisCXA2\& book ference between the tribes of Israel.

THE HISTORICAL world through the Prophet Joseph Thestrengthsweaknessesof ancient asIsraelwellare revealedas the

BACKGROUND OF THE Smith. The author's style of writing in this book, tender with the love of

DOCTRINE AND COVENANTS is lucid, and his descriptions are vivid. Ruth and Boaz.—M. C. /.

(E. Cecil McGavin. Salt Lake City, The historical material has been careUtah. 1949. 228 pages. $2.00.) fully selected, and most of it is pertiAMERICAN HEARTWOOD

/ecil McGavin's purpose in writing nent to the revelations discussed. Al- ( Donald Culross Peattie. Houghton

The Historical Background of the though there are a few errors in the Mifflin Co., Boston. 1949. 307 pages.

Doctrine and Covenants was to give book and some unnecessary repetition, $3.50.)

students of the latterday scripture a these minor defects are inconsequential IRrobably no one can write so feel- "panorama of the interesting historical when one considers its entire worth. ingly or so glowingly about nature

setting out of which these [modern] Elder McGavin is to be conas Donald Culross Peattie. In this

revelations sprang."In his preface, gratulated for the production of book he combines nature with the

the author cautions the readers not to another useful Church book which will history of America, beginning with regard the volume as commentary to undoubtedly play its part in helping the nature which Leif Erikkson found the Doctrine and Covenants but to Latterday Saints obtain a greater love when he skirted the shores of Newview it as an attempt to present hisand appreciation for the revelations foundland, and including the history torical data supplementary to that holy contained in the Doctrine and Coveof Columbus, Pocahontas, William scripture. His suggestion that the varnants. Milton R. Hunter Penn, and many other famous people

ious revelations received by Joseph of American history. As the author

Smith should be studied in conjunction RUTH states in the early part of the book, with the supplementary material as (Irving Fineman. Harper & Bros. "... men and trees are partners in

presented in his book should be folNew York. 1949. 277 pages. $3.00.) the American story"; and as we read

lowed if one desires to receive the Tnto this story of the gleaner Ruth his book, we can see indeed that such maximum benefit from this volume. are woven the stories of the ancient is the case. This book is one that

Elder McGavin has made a worthheroes and heroines of Israel, and the will warm the hearts of all who read while contribution to Church literature beautiful Psalms to comfort the young it because of the subject matter, but in the production of this book. It woman who left all that was known more especially because of the author's

should prove useful to anyone who is to her to go into the country of her exceptional ability to use language to interested in the marvelous gospel motherin-law. Poetically and symstir the imagination and increase

doctrines which were revealed to the pathetically written, the book is one knowledge. M. C. J.

HAPPINESS AND THE NEW YEAR

(Concluded from page 13) came seeking first the kingdom of take of a feast and we ignore it, selves and our families. Let us fear God, and today their descendants we may be sure that we shall suffer

the bondage of debt and do all we live in comfortable homes, are eduthe distress that will come to those can to avoid it. cated in the best schools, and enjoy who refuse the blessings of the

I wish that debt were the only surroundings that are ideal, as far Lord when they are offered.

bondage. I fear many people of as conditions in this world can I plead with this people, at the

this great land are suffering much make them so. I ask you if the beginning of this new year, to be

more from the bondage of iniquity. promise of the Lord has not been faithful in the payment of tithes

Many have need of repentance. But fulfilled? Surely "All other things and offerings and in all other obligaif men will turn to our Heavenly have been added."If we do our tions.

Father, I have no fear of the future. part, we can always rely upon our I think the finest recipe that I

He has made a wonderful promise. Father in heaven to do his part. could give to obtain happiness

He said: "... seek ye first the kingIf there ever was a time when we would be: Keep the commandments

dom of God, and his righteousness,"should examine ourselves to find of the Lord. That is easy to remind you, not last, "But seek ye out whether we are doing what the member, and if we will do that, we

first the kingdom of God, and his Lord would have us do, it is today; may be sure of success. The gospel

righteousness; and all these things if there ever was a time when we of Jesus Christ is the only code

shall be added unto you."(Matt. should be sure that we are in the of conduct whereby peace and

6:33.) pathway of eternal life, it is now.

There are among us those whose We can't slight these opportunities. prosperity and happiness may be

parents came into this land in the God will not be mocked. When he preserved.

depths of poverty, with scant clothhas offered to us a gift, when he I pray that we may all enjoy a ing and no shelter, depending upon has placed within our reach a blesswell-earned and welldeserved hapothers for food to sustain life. They ing, when he has invited us to parpiness—in this new year.

JANUARY 1950 43

time it was laundered, a...d so the

label had no actual meaning. As

a result of the Federal Trade ruling, practically all material with preshrinkage labeling has been taken off the market, because the manufacturer does not find it advantageous to declare that a fabric 5uri >kealtera, C-dit will still shrink from 3 percent to 5 percent. (A 5 percent residual

FABRIC FINISHES Preshrinking shrinkagemeans thatin thea 54inchfabric dresswill lengthshrink Many manufacturers have denearly three inches!

veloped shrinkage control methods, However, there are methods of

Do You Know Them? but not all are satisfactory. Identifying labels are illuminating, but if

time to get in the swim on there are none the seamstress may

It'stextile terminology, for this is be wise to do the preshrinking herself before sewing.

the scientific heyday on fabric Federal The Trade Commission finishes, and the average shopper, ruled has that if the manufacturer not supplied with all the latest makes any statement regarding books on textiles, goes to market shrinkage, such as "preshrunk,"tonguein-cheek. A great deal of "shrunk,""fullshrunk,"the amount

her information must come from the of remaining or residual shrinkage label attached to the product, for must be declared on the selvage or science has performed some finishlabel. This was done because

ing feats that make our ageold many shoppers believed any shrinkknowledge of fabrics as useless as age labeling to be indicative of wooden nickels. The amazing quality when actually it was not

variety of materials to choose from so. A fabric which had been preis confusing, and one cannot tell shrunk might shrink more every

by the "look"or the "feel"of the material, nor by the price tag, whether the smooth, goodlooking finish will still be pleasing to the eye and pocketbook after the first washing. Some very expensive

drapery materials, for instance,costing as much as $5 to $8 a yard, BLUEPRINT FOR have been known to shrink alarmingly and lose much of their color on the first laundering. It's enough Tociiujto stump the experts!

Better "buymanship"demands an insight into these new finishing Beauty is as beauty plans to be—so

processes, so here are some highthis column maintains.

lights on the ways of modern Individuality, personality, graceful these daily requirements. The sameclothing manufacture. living—these we all desire, and may be said of beauty.

these we all may have. The column Lady Luck knows few favorites,

will discuss each month some phase although many will credit or disof selfimprovement. Suggestions credit her in comparing their relaor comments are invited. tive state of beauty (be it of face

or figure, mental development, charm of manner, personality, or place sliding the on scale of a of all combination happy good is Ourbeauty largely up to us! qualities) with that of others. We long Not ago someone a wrote look at those about conwhom we 1

book about planning to be healthy. sider beautiful, and envy their opThe author said that one who portunities. Do we then fairly comwould have health today must first pare our own, if we would live up

know what the requirements of the to the best that is in us? If so, we

body are and must plan a health must surely conclude that beauty program which would include all is as beauty lives and desires. None

1 Davis, Adelle, Vitality Through Planned Nuwill have the same inherent qualitrition. New York, Macmillan Co. 1949, p. 9 ( Continued on page 50)

44 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA determining the exact amount of shrinkage of a fabric, and of reducing the residual shrinkage to 1 percent or less. Among them isthat labeled "Sanforized."This Looks bigger

applies to cottons, linen, and spun rayon. This is a process by

which the amount of "shrinkageafter-washing"is predetermined, and the cloth reduced in size accordingly on the Sanforizing machine. It is a mechanical process

using live steam and heat. Equally

reliable labels to look for regarding good shrinkage are "Regimel"and "Sanforset,"both guaranteeing a residual shrinkage of not more than 1 percent.

Wool is the most difficult fabric to shrink satisfactorily, because most shrinkage processes destroy the beauty and elasticity of the fabric. "Lanaset"resin finish, used

chiefly on woolen shirts and wool jerseys, is satisfactory for these items because they are washed or cleaned frequently, and the fact that the chemical finish causes the fabric to wrinkle more easily than usual is not allimportant. and BIGGER

Your housekeeping money seems to buy less and less... so now this big bar of FelsNaptha,

jamfull of the double cleaning action of mild, golden soap and active naptha looks more than ever like the best buy on the soap shelves. Next time you're in

the grocery store, why not join other careful—Photograph by Harold M. Lambert shoppers—stock up with FelsNaptha Soap

at present thrifty prices. The best labeling of woolens—

reads, "Sponged and shrunk, ready for sewing."This is a guarantee

that the material will not shrink GET THE EXTRA CLEANING ACTION OF pressing or pressing steam due to MILD, GOLDEN SOAP AND ACTIVE NAPTHA

IN PHIL*. MADE cloth with construcduring a damp

& CD BY FELS tion, water spotting, or dry cleaning, but it is not a guarantee against shrinkage if the fabric is laundered.

Realizing that in the long run it is the consumer who is responsible for fairtrade laws governing labelFels-Naptha Soap ing, the National Home Economics

Association at its last convention BAN/SHES TATTLETALE GRAY in San Francisco recommended that the consumer refuse to buy wool (Continued on following page) JANUARY 1950 45

FABRIC FINISHES

[Continued from preceding page) rayons in blues and purples are inthat has not been shrunk ready for clined to change color, especially sewing, and the other would soon be if there is a gas stove in the home.

thrown off the market. Be sure to look for the label, "AntiShrinkage information on drapery gas,""Inhibit,"or others which

material is usually printed on the carry a guarantee against gas fadselvage; for yard goods, it is on the ing. Price of the material is not a

boltboard or the tag hanging from guarantee.

it; for woolens, it is on the tag, although the tag might often be Crease Resistance

tucked inside the bolt. Insist on Cottons, linen, rayon, and spun

seeing it. rayon may all be made crease or

crush resistant by the addition of Color chemicals which are durable for the

Three agents fade color from a life of the product. Fabrics made

fabric: light, washing, and perspiracrease resistant shed dust and dirt

tion. Blues, bluegreens, and reds more easily than others not so

should not be hung in the suntreated and stay newlooking in light, as they fade more quickly use, even in humid heat. There

than other colors. Neither should are many trade names covering

Sift flour, baking powder colored goods be soaked prior to such treatments, some of them besalt together, and Cut tightshortening. Store in in laundering, but should be laundered ing "Tebilize,""Vitalize,""Unifrigerator ly covered container in rein a mild soap solution; the addition dure,""Magicvel,""Sheltonize,"

is also recomcrease-resistant softeners But "Martinize."of water

to Girl's contribution modern Clabber Here's

Girl Clabber Here's how methods baking will not be on those found labels mended. baking time, to. save makes helps MasterMix

results. of sure pleasant, easier, more more elascolors a natural fabrics have fabrics which whose can How

. Girl's In MasterClabber SIMPLE SO will silk, for these Often recognized? and be resist fading ingredients, of basic a blend with. begin you Mix ticity—wool

a surprisrefrigerated, which from and mixed term, the "Vat appreciably anyhow. sees wrinkle not labels in one easily made products can of be variety baked ing

easily and simply are added Ingredients guaranthis is the best and is Dyed,"tobakingcomsaved; recipe. Time plete chosen the To be continued

is reduced. simplified; cost is cottons, ( in fastness color of bistee powder. For baking INSTANCE FOR

of the place one simply seamcup wise cuits rayon. The and of linen, in mixing add and cup a bowl MasterMix %prepared

that soft can a dough the (or make for milk enough also word look stress may until flour the lightly just tomix handled). Then be

board, lightly floured a turn onto manufacturer's on the "colorfast"biscuits biscuits. the roll, Next, the cut and iskneadmoistened,

apart inch on a placed one are at 450 baked and sheet baking Flightly(a hotgreasedoven) label, but this may not mean that until lightly browned, 12 to 18 minutes. the fabric is color fast to all agents

of Clabber... A jar quickly which cause fading. The Federal helps GirlMasterMixADDED VARIATIONSin the refrigerator

gingerbreads, waffles, bake to other interesting andqxiickrolls,exciting cookies,homeTrade Commission has ruled that REFRESHMENTS cakes and baked products. this term shall mean that the color

appropriate to the will be permanent GIRL CLABBER In other fabric. the care use and of with The BAKING POWDER inexbe must simple—it Action emmore Double and while; words, more Balanced The good! be it must - IND. HAUTE, TERRE COMPANY AND HULMAN Tt mustpensive—butbe is merchanplaced on being phasis

1S9 dise which will be color fast to What shall we serve at fireside?

washing and sunlight, often the dye It's so easy to get into the iceused is dependent on the use for creamand-cake rut, or if habit. Actually, popand-cookie BASKETBALL. the sodais designed: fabric the EQUIPMENT which to save buying refreshments sunlight; you're to draperies be fast must

linings, to perspiration; indoor time rather than baking at home,

furniture coverings, to light indoors, it's usually as easy to purchase but not necessarily to the brighter whole wheat cookies, oatmeal cooklight of the outdoors. ies, thin whole wheat wafers, or

On drapery material the color whitefruit cookiesflour asproducts.it is the Butrefinedif

guarantee will be printed on the mothers are going to whip up a selvage, about every half yard concake for the fireside, mightn't it fabric. the tinuously Unless down cake? health delicious a well be as

outfit it shirt is complete or a is in well evidence, gym a guarantee A on. to work ideas a are few Here

... You'll for A. M. I. your Team it test to at piece small a and buy ones good some have you Perhaps at style, quality,... find value for shrinkcolor fastness and home

to add. age. a to mention be well Here it may Stacks and hot postum or (a) Date finish to infor acetate rayons lemonade. their to w**#s*sXt\CORNER SECOND SOUTH AND STATE newhibit color changing due atmospheric gases. Many acetate Date Stacks. Pit enough dates

,46 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA for your needs and simmer them with a little brown sugar and enough water that the dates can be stirred into a paste when soft. After removing from fire,

stir in a little lemon juice and vanilla. Spread between graham

wafers, building a stack about six wafers high as you go.

Cool in refrigerator and cut in slices when ready to serve.

(May be served with a dash of whipped cream if desired.)

(b) Oatmeal or whole wheat cookies and fruit juice.

Oatmeal Cookies

% cup shortening 1 cup brown sugar 2 eggs 1 cup fine whole wheat flour 2 teaspoons baking powder 34 teaspoon salt

1 cinnamon teaspoon luna, IDEA OF THE MONTHfo, BEST BREAD 1/ cup of milk family delicious midnight dinner and or treat Yur suppers—a vanilla 1 teaspoon Balls! will cheer! Meltin-yourrmouth guests Mix one Corn

1 cup oatmeal No. 2 can of cream style com with 2 slightly beaten eggs,

y2 cup raisins 1 small minced onion, l/% teaspoon of salt and 2 cups of Fisher's

Y2 cup nuts enriched white or 100% whole wheat bread. Shape into small

balls, and bake on an oiled baking sheet, turning once to brown

Cream shortening and sugar. evenly. Serve hot with maple syrup. Serves 8. Added cheers

beating separately, eggs Add for you when you're sure to use Fisher's—truly bread at its best! toeach. Sift after vigorously

gether the flour, baking powder, salt, cinnamon, and add to egg mixture alternately with milk.

Add vanilla, oatmeal, raisins, and nuts. Drop by spoonfuls

on oiled cookie sheet and bake in moderate oven for 1520 minutes. Makes about four dozen

cookies.

Whole Wheat Cookies

J/3 cup shortening % cup brown sugar 1J/2 teaspoons vanilla 1 grated lemon rind 1 egg 2 tablespoons milk 1J4 cups whole wheat flour 1 teaspoon baking powder % teaspoon salt % cup chopped walnuts

Cream shortening and sugar till light and fluffy. Add vanilla and

lemon rind. Mix milk and wellbeaten egg together. Combine

sifted dry ingredients and add alternately with milk and egg to first mixture. Stir in nuts.

Spread the batter thinly on wellgreased cookie sheet and bake at 350 for 20 minutes. Cut WITH EVERYTHING YOU EAT WITH SYRUP in squares.

(Concluded on following page) JANUARY 1950 47

FIRESIDE REFRESHMENTS

TONIGHT AT 6:30 (Concluded from preceding page) Mix dry ingredients. Cut peaplan to have Tuna en Casserole nut butter into them, then add

made with this improved ( c ) Cheese Wafers or Wheat Wafers milk and eggs. Let rise 20 minand tomato juice. utes. Bake in moderate oven.

Makes one large loaf or two **A ti small ones. Cheese Wafers

2 cups soft grated cheese (f) Whipped Jello and cookies.

2 tablespoons melted butter or fresh dripping Whipped Jello With "the tuna that almost 34 cup whole wheat flour.. it's itself". serves one of the 34 teaspoon salt Preparesired, andanywhenflavoredit isJellopartlydeentrees. easiest, quickest of hot

A satisfying main dish that Mix together with enough cold set, remove from ice box and everybody will like, including water to make a stiff dough whip with beater until foamy.

Dad. ("Bitesize"tuna is some- ( about 1 tablespoon ). Roll out Return to ice box until firm.

thing a man can "get his teeth very thin on floured board. Cut Serve with whipped cream.

into"!) in shapes and bake on greased

sheet in hot oven (about 450 (g) Selficed cake or whole wheat until brown. spice cake and beverage.

Wheat Wafers Selficed cake Vs cup butter or shortening 1 cup whole wheat flour 1 cup brown sugar 34 teaspoon salt 4 egg yolks Yl teaspoon baking powder IY cup whole wheat flour

Cream 2 teaspoon baking powder 34 teaspoon salt Sift dry ingredients together 34 cup milk and mix with cream until of 1 teaspoon vanilla right consistency to roll out thin on floured board. Cut inCream shortening and sugar,

to small rounds or other shapes. add egg yolks. Sift dry inBake till barely brown. These gredients together and add almay be reheated when served ternately with milk and vanilla

to regain crispness. to the first mixture. Beat well.

Place the batter in cake pan, (d) Date Roll and hot drink or tart and make a meringue topping lemonade. of 4 egg whites, beaten stiff,

Y cup sugar, 34 cup chopped Dare Roll nuts, J4 teaspoon vanilla. Pour

this over the cake batter and 2Yi lb. dates, chopped bake the cake and icing to234 lb. marshmallows, cut gether for 40 minutes at 325.

234 lb. graham wafers, ground

J4 lb. chopped nuts Whole Wheat Spice Cake

1 pint milk 3 eggs

lb. shortening, soft or butter J4 dates, marshmallows. Combine

1 sugar cup brown crackers, milk. Mix nuts. Add

well. Form into four rolls. Roll 134 cups milk

in powdered sugar, and place 3 cups whole wheat flour in ice box for 24 hours. Slice 34 teaspoon salt

and serve. Makes about fifty 341 teaspoonteaspoon nutmegcinnamon

servings. 3 teaspoons baking powder (e) Peanut Butter Bread and apple juice. To the beaten eggs add the

other ingredients in order Peanut Butter Bread named, and beat thoroughly.

( 450 in very hot oven Bake Always packed flour 6V2 oz. Ne"3 cups refirst five minutes, for then to a can. Contents 3 teaspoons baking rounded 350 for min45 to heat duce

Look for "Net Contents"powder utes.

on label every time you buy 134 teaspoons salt

Grated tuna. % cup peanut butter (The recipes for oatmeal cookies,

Trademark of Van Camp Sea Food Co., Inc. 134 cups milk cheese wafers, and wheat wafers are

Terminal Island, California 1 cup brown sugar from Leah D. Widtsoe, How To Be

3 eggs Well. >

48 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA New... for Farming

in the 1950's One Minute... TO PUT ON IMPLEMENTS

RIGHT FROM TRACTOR SEAT EAGLE HITCHNEWEASIEST 3-POINT HOOKUP YOU EVER SAW

HYDRAULIC CONTROL

Lowpressure hydraulic system has?

steadyrunning geartype pump for positive, dependable action. Direct drive from

regardless engine—works any time,

clutch, gears or power takeoff. Lifts fast,

lowers instantly, holds inbetween at any MONEY IN THE 2-PLOW CLASS point you set the little lever. Be fair with yourself. Demand proof before you put your precious

dollars into any tractor. Ask your Case dealer to demonstrate...

right in your own fields... that the 1950 Case "VAC"gets moreNEW work done and does it better than any other tractor in the lowcost

LATCHON IMPLEMENTS class. Take the wheel yourself and compare it for pull, for working

Regular and twoway rearmounted plows speed, for easy handling.

of hard regardless that their depth hold culSend today for new "VA"Series catalog. Get the full story of Disk plows, pulls ground. and uneven

... the wide choice of LatchOn impletivators, bedders. Toolbar tillers, listers, the amazing Eagle Hitch

control. hydraulic. lowpressure of the new.. the features ments All in addifew shown below. mowers—a postal it! Write the next thing to but farming, pushbutton It's not cultivators and tion to MasterFrame

other frontmounted implements. card today. J. I. Case Co., Dept. A 44, Racine, Wis.

JANUARY 1950 49 IT'S BLUEPRINT FOR BEAUTY

(Concluded from page 44) checks up on her points, good and

LANG ties with which to work, but that bad, and decides not only where like to go, but she'd good also how In you is home your own our can capitalize salvation—we 2 to speak learn can now there."of getting a has she chance differences. our on

Regardless of the present, the future SPANISH First, we must recognize that PORTUGUESE we can stand some improvements, can be better. It is neither too late FRENCH RUSSIAN and second, we must really desire nor too early to be beautiful!

GERMAN ITALIAN to improve. At this stage we can We Latterday Saints are richly

Or any of 23 other languages take the first active step in becoming endowed with a concept of beauty which is fundamental in our trainby the World Famous beautiful—to list our individual

weaknesses, study them, and then ing from childhood. How gratefulLINGUAPHONE plan a course of action which, if we should be! The difficult probConversational METHOD faithfully followed, will bring that lem of training our thinking to

This method combines the most modern educational ideas for holding the student's mental and physical glow of hapinvite all that is beautiful and reject interest, is impressions unforgettable vitality making the which piness and true all is early that is ugly begun. Ouron his mind through and EAR in others. often admire EYE sparkle we so this its convictions about life and sound, pictures.through and word

to sides are two For there learn by the hear You LISTENING human relation eternity to are a wonderful voices native of teachers repeat what outside. the inside the and

... they say in beauty: you plan; for beautifying ask and. answer.. you... youquestions guide in our

phrases of every day use... and before you are Each is a study in itself. Each rebeautiful as relatively become areaware you of we extent, the nature actually holding a conversation flects, to anin the foreign language. attias are our mental and moral carriage, Dress, the other. makeup,

and so forth, are by no means alltudes toward life and toward others.

conclusive in conveying true imAnd these elements of wholesome pressions of personality, but our personality and beauty with which inner thoughts and emotions are we must work continuously to beindelibly recorded on our countecome more beautiful as time goes nances for all to interpret. on encompass all our daily habits

determine the our place and on has written author who Every sliding 1. to forget scale of beauty: the recognized has beauty about

ourselves and think of others; 2. to

"inside secret"of "outside finish,"so when we start to map our "bluelearn to love the people around us to happy; do things make them first of and print for beauty"we must LifetimeHalf Advantage Hour a Day—A to feel others 3. never small to cause of all secret time, your at any the greatIn your all recognize home, own

4. inferior; to or to give is generously, teach instantly to set readyLINGUAPHONE "light charm and tired. repeac teachers get never Theyyou. loveliness—the Your 5. leniently; in believe to judge over and lesson wish, of the portionany you is habit It the wholesome within."

it. till set pace; yourover evil you others own think You know of them; and no

is the whole thinking right which of suits rapidly slowly as as or as youyou go can 6. to shriveled not be and warped family the or or best. have alone study can You living. beautiful of "The foundation

delightful that pastime friends join in you a jealousy, greed, petty envy, by in canthe world cleverest dividends. makeuppays

Language Is Power not hide the effect of negative, gossip, for what we habitually find 7. in to will in us; find they get sense language you a a masterAs new new you actress Janet thoughts,"destructiveof horizon, pushed the have power. back added You to compliment, be countries, familiar peoyou withmaking new new she said. was once others,sincere—quick And Gaynor ple, travel experiences. get of in out more new You flatter; 8. to to never be tolerant and

distinguished mingle with lands. foreign can You beautiful on right. be can one No

visitors the can of equality. terms great read You on 9. to patient sweettempered; be and vicious ugly literature original. classics in on international the and of the outside and

with ourselves with honest and In business and that it follows so inside. the Andanother language maythe professions,prove the upwardability toturnspeakin 10. others; to seek out our weakcareer.your posture, correct learn girl can no

GET THIS BOOK FREE graceful carriage, clothes sense, nesses and fears and overcome them let facts, to the face but never—to INSTITUTE attriLINGUAPHONE other or any clever makeup,

1 1. to in the us; believe beat them63 N. Y. Circle 7-0830 York 20, RCA Bldg., New to the pleasing are which butes

all life; 12. to of avoid goodness herfirst INSTITUTE has within LINGUAPHONE she eye, until

13. Bldg., to think Y. constructive 63 worry; but York 20, N. RCA New picture of vision self a loveliness—a for in success of plan terms and Book. Linguaphone Send FREE me the to wants she of what become—and with enthusiasm future the and Name hard with that selfassurance the

14. to to happy, confidence; be Address not ideal; her realize can she work the conus smile, to leave behind Interested Language is there line, for finish the cross

15. to protect laughter; of tagion

not attain perfection; do none: we health better to seek health and

it. in grow

16. to habits; remember hygiene and SEND ME YOUR we

begin too young to that beauty and goodness are inGENEALOGY PROBLEMS We cannot

PEDIGREES, plan. "The PIONEER BIOGRAPHIES, beauty our blueprint 17. realize that love to separable; LOST PERSONS ANCESTORS OR

girl,"one authority, says (Service Reasonable) clever Very Charges loveliness. "is is of the secret

the game, early in quite who, one STOUT WAYNE 1721 SALT LAKE CITK P. O. BOX herself sits and looks over, Looking.2Cades, NewHazelYork;Rawson,D. AppletonAny Girl& Co..Can 1927Be Good down

50 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

STRENGTHEN LIBERTY andScoutnation,oath andas Scoutexemplifiedlaw. by the

been designated as Scout Sunday & &J. Wl. JULam Sunday, February 5, 1950, has

DIRECTOR L.D.S. CHURCH SERVICE throughout the Church of Jesus

BOY SCOUTS OF AMERICA Christ of Latterday Saints. The

First Presidency of the Church has so designated this date as 66"! ITelcome to America, CoronScout Sunday in a letter to the

WW ica"was the message wigGeneral Superintendent of the through wagged by a patrol of Boy Y. M.M.I. A., under whose direction

Scouts from the hand of the Statue all Scouting in the Church is superof Liberty in New York harbor to the vised. Scout leaders should make YOUR CHURCH

immediate captain of in their the arrangements liner luxury new for these services in UNIVERSITY wards her Coronica own on maiden voyage.

Later the captain this cooperation confided that with the ward Y.M. I and II

M.I. A. superintendency the * CHURCH HISTORY, Scout good and deed brought him more

II personal pleasure than all of the bishop. * BOOK OF MORMON, I and

elaborate ceremonies that were of aims PEARL Scout GREAT PRICE The OF obSunday * liner given this as she docked. let to servance are of the members PAUL LIFE OF to returning *When America to into wards and know impress upon

New York harbor, most sailors look both Scouts and Scouters the deep for the Statue of Liberty, for she spiritual and religious foundation of Register now for one of is a symbol of liberty. scouting as based upon the Scout these Religion courses

"Strengthen Liberty"is the theme oath and law. It is our duty (a) or any of the other 138

for the fortieth anniversary obto stress these spiritual values, courses offered. These

servance of the Boy Scouts of thereby making better Church memcourses contain valuable

America. The theme is the heart bers—better men of God, and (b) information for use in

of a twoyear crusade of the Boy to blend the scouting program into church, community, school

Scouts of America to strengthen the program of the Y.M. M.I. A. and and occupational leaderleadership, membership, and the the Church. Since liberty is a spiritship. College or high

Scout program. This crusade will ual concept rooted in religion, the

be climaxed with the second Naslogan, "Strengthen Liberty"can school credit is given after tional Boy Scouts Jamboree to be easily be related to the Christian the completion of each.

held at the seat of liberty, Valley message.

Forge, Pennsylvania, June 30 to A special program is suggested For a free catalog and

July 6, 1950, at which time some below for your consideration and forty thousand Scouts and leaders use on the Sunday evening program application blank write to will gather from every part of the of Scout Sunday. nation to encamp at this historic HOME STUDY DEPARTMENT

spot. Scouts will come prepared in Suggested Program

the true tradition of Scouting to Opening Song—"Battle Hymn of the fend for themselves, living and Republic"BRIGHAM YOUNG

cooking in the outdoors. Presentation of Colors—Senior Patrol

At the International Scout ConLeader UNIVERSITY or Explorer Invocation—Scoutference held in Norway last August, Scout song that everyone knows PROVO, UTAH

unity of thought and the dedication Greetings by M.I.A. Superintendent—

spirit to the of world brotherhood minutes were paramount. Differences of What it Means to be an Explorer—Exrace and religion were merged into plorer—5 minutes

a unity of purpose to train youth Twominute talks by Scout or Explorer THE ALEXANDRIA

Oath—by a Scout HOTEL physically, mentally, and morally DutyThe Scoutto God

for maintaining and strengthening Duty to Self 5th < Spring Sts.

freedom and liberty throughout the Musical numbers, Scout, Explorer, or LOS ANGELES. CALIF.

world. Aaronic Priesthood Chorus Announces the appointment of

H. BECKETT The scouting crusade has a Scoutingminutes and My Boy—a Mother—as RAYAssociate Manager

spiritual depth in which all Scout Scouting Resident Mgr. of

Hotel) and My Boy—a Father—(formerlyLankershimadvancement minutes is interpreted now

through three Scouting—"Strengthen phases: (1) Scout Liberty"—Stake, YOUR HOST ON THE

Council, or other qualified Scouterspirit, participation, Scout (2) and COAST(3) Scout skills. The spiritual 10 or 15 minutes

Musical number or Scouts L.D.S. Explorers MEET YOURvalues of scouting have always been Repeat Scout Explorers, Oath—Scouts,byfirst in the FRIENDS HERE the eyes of leaders of Scouters, and former members. BATH WITH 500 ROOMSscouting throughout the Church or Explorer Benediction—Scout

JANUARY 1950 51 edek

THUMB

PRINTS FOR SANTA ("rateful Indian children unable to write, hit upon a novel method

Mrs. Dale Spencer, Mrs. Senior President Hugh M. Christensen, Joseph active as E. Wood, a of thanking Santa Clans.

Mrs. Joseph and "fixing Wood, seventy for thirtyeight years, dolls for up"makes a toy as

children. Indian as new. good

store mas seasons, and the end is not of damaged that toys—toys '"This is the story of how an ill Inyet. turns Sears over to service organdian woman was administered Sister Ruth Polacco of Crystal, izations for repair and distribution

to, and how that started a chain of New Mexico, was ill in the Salt to needy children each Christmas.

events in brotherhood that has made Lake City L. D. S. Hospital, in The homes of the missionaries

many people happy for two Christ1948, and Ralph Evans, former then became Santas workshops as president of the NavajoZuni IVIistoys were repaired and repainted, sion, and Joseph E. Wood, then and discarded pieces of cotton and

president of the Wells (Salt Lake rayon came from sewing machines

City) Stake Mission, went to adas doll clothes. Everyone who was

minister to her. Brother Wood incontacted wanted to help. Candy

vited her, just as soon as she was and nuts were collected, and the well enough, to talk to the Wells Christmas gifts went to the Indian

Stake missionaries about her peochildren.

ple. One of Brother Wood's prized

In keeping this appointment, she possessions is a letter he received told of the plight of the Indian for the Wells Stake Mission after children. And that missionary group the 1948 experience, containing the

decided to sub for Santa. Brother signatures of the Indians who reWood contacted his employers, ceived the gifts. Those Indians who

Sears, Roebuck Co., and obtained could not write (and there were

about three hundred dollars'worth many) placed their thumb print on

Left to right: Presidents Dale S. Spencer, Blaine Schafer, and Darwin Sorenson of the 290th Quorum of Seventy repair toys for their Christmas

L l4J 'U|wC 52 THE IMPROVEMENT ER'A NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO

LouWWIVI

(conducted btf <Jjr. doiepn jr. em

WHAT WE HAVE LEARNED acquired condition. We have learned that,

ABOUT ALCOHOL whether congenital or acquired, a state ot mental irresponsibility is fertile soil for (A reprint from the Clip Sheet, problemcan neverdrinking,take a drinkand ofthatalcoholsuch withoutpeople

September 5, 1949, published by the being at the mercy of the drink.

Board of Temperance of the Methodist We have learned that alcohol, as comChurch.) monly used today, causes more disease, disability, and death than any other cause ot

P\r. Haven Emerson, widely known ill health which is wholly in the power of

physician, scientist, and health the individual to prevent and avoid.

authority, professor of Public Health Since the end of the war in the theatet

Administration of Columbia UniverofmoreEuropeandeaths amongoperations,Americantheretroopshavein beenEusity, former commissioner of the New rope from alcohol than from all communiYork City board of health, addressed cable diseases combined, according to the the paper, and someone wrote their the Convention of the National Temchief of preventive services. Men in the

in last the Pa., army the stages at Pittsburgh, of on European League perance prints. side the the ofnames by in offensive larger died use numbers from 1948. were 19, some There January

different a 1949 alcohol to year the of saw The point selfdestruction of said, learned have which things, he we than lost all were the by communicable the of Mispresident Stake Wells state, in reconfidently can now and diseases together. put is senior sion. Brother Wood alcohol: to gard

that learned alcohol have as comWe of the of 290th president Quorum is the used monly largest today of cause Wells Seventy, Ward, learned sciences have ( McKay medical The disease disability of and that condition any

Stake) and the quorum adopted enough concerning the effects of alcohol is within the entire control of the individual the activity as a quorum project. to teach the truth simply and without to prevent.

complication. same The equivocation and sciences Medical learned have and found for sugasked Sister Polacco was that were taught being things are now is that alcohol not a food, a stimulant, or the that as wrotegestions. She often but they were back, while taught a in harmful only drunkenness. That was

missionaries were teaching cleanlirepudiated, contradicted, and mistrusted the former belief. The liver, stomach, and

ness to the Indians, dish towels, because of lack of agreement among scienheart were supposed to suffer only from truth. so come have tists to the as We the drunkenness. are least the Those of clothsclothespins, would and dish

truth the simply. teach far that can now we alcohol causes. damages from Deaths the of wives appropriate. Thebe is difficult to not truth assured The are least alcoholism the of the that harm

met, and the membersquorum Inteach. It is causes. alcohol the seconstant and

dians had their supply of towels We have learned that misinformation vere interference with human relations, the advertising, and ignorance by developed of the disturbance of conduct to people cloths. drive was madeand A

school offbalance common from resulting that other, each is the major that damage clothesfor members quorumamong for the responsible largely are education, in alcohol society does our today. Sears candies. nuts andpins and drinkers of become habits social many who is a depressant, Alcohol drug, narcotic

again was contacted, and they gave of alcohol. I count that nation derelict in and not a stimulant. That cannot be too

some unsalable toys. The pictures its duty in education if it teaches a child often repeated, and has many social implifails about to teach him milk and cations. tell a about these pages onreproduced of part milk as child has alcohol. The effects are of alcohol almost enThe as the quorumstory of their own, he school. until leaves he his diet When if tirely, to be not wholly, explained

members and their wives repaired leaves school he has to face a choice about its toxic damage to the central nervousby toys and redressed dolls. alcohol, and he has no information with system, the brain, and spinal cord. It is

situation. the meet which tissues that those the action of upon light the work hands made Many

that the learned strikingly. taste for alcohol We tohave most other shows The nights. three or it lasted onlyas two

is or genetically hereditary a not alcohol if little, effects are so as to minor have the project, this of becauseAnd It part. depreciates any, the of divinity

quorum has found a spirit of man. The only thing that distinguishes

brotherhood, and each participating man from the brute is his power of selfmember discovered again just what material for monthy priesthood direction, selfcontrol, judgment, discretion. 1950. during meetings things first qualities Those are the of man spirit could mean leadership of Christmasthe

that are alcohol, destroyed helps suggestive are long by before adapted The will toward m<>nin "oood is there interference obvious the with any in the 1946, from program used copies of which may still be availmusclesAlcoholandis motornot describablefunctions ofasthea body.food

able in some stakes. which forms any part of a wholesome diet.

Leadership Meeting Stake authorities are at liberty In recent times, it has been observed that to plan and conduct their monthly the lifesaving reflexes of the body are all

Helps Available leadership meetings according to slowed from five to ten percent by amounts of too alcohol to socially small apbe their local needs, provided that they Priesthood CommitGeneral'"The in far preciable, than smaller and amounts to the suggestions in made to stake will furnish Melconform tee or registered ever be under can the law chizedek Priesthood committees, the Melchizedek Priesthood Handby the police as indicating intoxication. In

upon request, suggestive program book. (Concluded on page 58)

JANUARY 1950 53 OAKLAND WARD, OAKLAND (CALIFORNIA) STAKE

L.D.S. GIRLS SOLVE THREAT TO SUNDAY SCHOOL Aaronic Priesthood—L.D.S. Girls ATTENDANCE RECORD

Three age groups and each L.D.S. girl profited

from a special effort to bring the average attendance A OneHundred-Percentat Sunday School up Dayto awardwas appointedrequirements.with Award Frames Previously Supplied to Be Used for 1949

the result that all L. D. S. girls twelve to twentythis one their and advisers in frames page were present sent placed at r\N will to be Sunday be Improvement in The

School that on day to overcome a threat against certififor each hand. already Era October on 1949 With the Sunday it was anSchool attendance requirement of the

award program. that metal sent eight nounced cate there will be new frames would be Another splendid idea from the field, to the

field. will furnished bishops have with turnbuttons which all Standard Quorum

of the frames affixed the to and Standard Awards back Group Awards

All Aaro nic Priesthood Leaders for in or 1948, removing 1949 furnished 1947 that the and frames would be equipped with turnbuttons so that the old certificate and replacing it with

The Value of the "Handbooks"certificates awarded in the future could the new one. A piece of hard pressed

As this article is being written, a replace the old certificates, thus cutting paper cut to size will also be furnished wellinformed executive chairdown on the expense of furnishing as backing for the certificate so that man of a stake Aaronic Priesthood new frames every year. changes made through the years will

committee has just left the Presiding In view of developments since Octonot wear out the paper backing turnbuttons. the use of it is through that the frames announced Bishop's Office. called had to ber, He

will letter instructions be of for furnished the years 1947 and 1948 A form ask a question said he which was not certifimailing of with furnished each for to are be used 1949 subsequent and answered in the Aaronic Priesthood certificates. To accomplish this, only cates giving complete instructions onHandbook—"at least I cannot find the

answer,"was his courteously modified the Standard Quorum Award and the how to equip frames already on hand statement. Standard Group Award certificates for use for 1949 and subsequent years.

It took less than one minute's time Certificates approved for 1949 will in the sent where be new frames to turn to the index then and to the Ward Teaching did not earn such or groups quorumspage the where to his answer question was found and read to him in full. recognition in 1947 or 1948.

After recovering from a persistent Relationship Between Heretofore, we have routed the

Standard Quorum Awards through blush, he said—"I have never yet been

able to ask you a question on the Visiting and Teaching the chairman of the stake committee.

of the Hereafter, awards since mostAaronic Priesthood program when mail, class call upwill go forward by first haveyou not immediately turned to A ward teacher cannot the handbook and read the answer. I on a family as a teacher they will be sent direct to bishops.

felt sure I had you this time—I am withoutBut a wardcallingteacheralso ascana visitor.easily Sendingunder thethenewawardsprocedure,in any wouldother way,slowembarrassed."

certifiold the replacing of visitor the call as family a a down upon of letters Hundreds are written and alin frames the filling ones cates with obligation single a new withoutanswered each year a reference when in wards. the in ideal hand ready teacher. as ward a Theto the Aaronic Priesthood Handbook on——m it is, therefore, to teaching make havewould saved the both of expense "teaching,""visiting"and both Use Forms New Whenwriting the in and delay time incident

in the inseparable these since are thereto. all are to happy answer We teacher's full the of discharge for Applying Awardscorrespondence. not think otherDo calling. his to duty

in the of requirechanges TDecausewise. try But to leaders save our we

first in teaching each your Do theinconvenience for of ments programs expense and proaward by visiting will take your and home allviding in both the possible Aaronic the the Priesthood and answers itself. of care

girls, Saint applicaLatter-day new first visiting is the applyblanks must be used when actionrespectiveWe suggestprograma greaterhandbooks.use of the orderWhereof business, you may

Aaronic Priesthood Handbook and of complish only one, the least, of ing for the awards for 1949.

the Handbook for Leaders of Adult your two objectives. Application blanks will be sent only

Members of the Aaronic Priesthood. on request.

54 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA R& [Prepared by cJ.ee At. /-atmer

New Individual Certificates of Award Adult Members Aaronic Priesthood for Deacons, Teachers, and Priests for 1949 New Course of Study tor 1950 years will go far beyond all previous A new course of study for the adult records. members of the Aaronic Priesthood for 1950 is now ready for distriIP*: rf'ir**v"fl ft f *r-i h* at:!\il! rril The Late Starters bution.

Come wards did not get under way Entitled 4 Study of the Character with the new program for 1949 and Teachings of Jesus of Nazareth, as soon as had been hoped. This dethe new manual contains fortytwo

lay will result in some disappointments lessons and is priced at twentyfive to our young men. Already we are cents a copy, postpaid.

being asked to make exceptions to When ordering the new outline, offset such disappointments. please specify the title.

However, in fairness to leaders and.

youth in wards and stakes who got Adult Members Aaronic Priesthood

INDIVIDUAL AWARDS FOR PRIESTS in motion at the beginning of 1949 and

Certificates designed by L. D. S. Business College who have conducted a full year's camCince the Individual Certificate of paign to meet the increased requireKeep a Master Roll

Award program was introduced ments of the new program, any modifiProgressive and businesslike stake on a Churchwide basis in 1943, one cation of the requirements would be committees keep a master roll of form of certificate has served to the adult members of the Aaronic recognize achievements of individual Priesthood for which they are respondeacons, teachers, and priests. sible.

However, for the year 1949, there The idea of a master roll was will be a certificate for deacons, a originally introduced to stake comcertificate for teachers, and a certificate mittees for the adult members of the for priests as indicated on this page. Aaronic Priesthood through the

This new procedure will harmonize "Church Section"of the Deseret with the announcement in The ImNews, May 8, 1948.

provement Era for October to the Response of stake committees to the effect that quorums of deacons, quorecommendation that they keep a rums of teachers, and quorums of master roll, indicates considerable priests, respectively, will have a separinterest in the plan.

ate award for 1949. The "master roll"is in the form of

This departure from the procedure INDIVIDUAL AWARDS FOR DEACONS an individual record card for each of the past will personalize both the a measure of discrimination untenable adult member.

Individual Certificate of Award and with fair play. The requirements stand Space is provided on the card for

the Standard Quorum Award. Already as announced and as recorded in the the name, address, age, priesthood,

there are evidences of an enthusiastic Aaronic Priesthood Handbook issued hobbies, and other vital information reception of the change. January 1, 1949. designed to aid the stake committee in

With the stipulation that fifty perkeeping an accurate check on each cent or more of the quorum members Progress of the Individual Award adult member and furnishing a record must earn the Individual Certificate of Program of the individual's activity up to the

Award as one of the requirements for HPhe idea of recognizing individual time he is advanced to the Melchizedek the Standard Quorum Award, it is achievements as well as quorum Priesthood.

anticipated that the number of indiachievements has met with a hearty We recommend that stake comvidual awards for 1949 and succeeding response in the Aaronic Priesthood mittees keep an accurate record of the ranks of the Church. Leaders and work being done with these brethren.

young men alike have responded to the Keep your finger on the pulse of the plan. informed being reliably by work

pif - V v J'itiiu'iOu:il roll."the "master through The response is evidenced in the

number of individual awards approved Individual record cards can be obby the Presiding Bishopric each year tained at the Presiding Bishop's Ofsince 1943 as follows: fice, free of charge.

Deacons Teachers Priests Total 1943 4,206 1944 3,034 1,411 887 5,332 1945 3,830 1,888 1,043 6,761 1946 4,567 2,412 1,509 8,488 1947 5,576 2,719 1,983 10,278 INDIVIDUAL AWARDS FOR TEACHERS 1948 6,344 3,109 2,315 11,768

JANUARY 1950 55 SEPTEMBER MISSIONARIES

MISSIONARIES ENTERING MISSION HOME SEPTEMMax R. Todd, Sherwin Coleman, L. Gail Johnson, Fourteenth row: Charles Beecroft, Dennis Carbine,

BER 12, 1949 AND DEPARTING SEPTEMBER 21, Mary L. Stewart, O. L. Stewart, Hal Furgeson, Tess Walter Forsyth, Gordon Forsyth, Dorian Bell, J.

1949 Madsen, Rosemarie May, Donald L. Dawdle, Jack Fielding Nelson, LeRoy Rasmussen, Arnold Peart,

Farrer, Park, Paul Kelly, Kean Gerald Winsor. C. L. Clifford Darrell Call, dive. Murray,

Reading from left to right, first row; Charles T. Lillian Froerer, Seventh row: Wirllmd, Stone, Daryl Fifteenth row: George Workman, George

Bradbury. Jay Fellows, Arvel Israelsen, Edward Earl Robert N. Boyack, Douglas E. Morris. Clarence Moon, Heber Peterson, Kermit Smith, Marvin E. Pullan,

Edwards, Donald E. Toomey, Norman Eugene StockBruce Warden, Wayne Berge, Audrey L. Strong, WalDonald Buehner, Joseph Fagergren, Gerald Wells.

ton, Fay Beebe Syphus, Robert Paul Fjller, Fred lace Strong, J. Donald West, Virgil R. Losee, Lynn Sixteenth row: Lowell Jensen, George Hilton,

M. Stevens, Charlie Ctawson, Wilmer Lee, Raymond T. Woolston, Richard Long, Fred Richards, Charles Antone L. Skanchy, A. Burtron Johnson, William R

E. Howes. W. Olorenshaw, Ruel Westover. Siddoway.

B. row: Eighth H. Philip Eldon Earl B. Clark, Nelson, row: Clark, Hamblin, Seventeenth Donald row: Second Palmer, Lou Haymore, Donna Emma

L. R. Bruce Dyer, Burdett, Reeve, R. Milton Reed H. Patterson, Robert Edward M. Higbee, M.Dcirtna Fay Rasmussen, Hazel Brooks, Helen May

L. D. Williams, Grant E. Wilcox, H. Jensen, Pixton, John Smith, C. Robert Leland Gaynor Jorgensen, EllaCleo Evelyn Wight, Ruth Herbert Mary

Calvin Hansen, H. Price, Hurst. Rasmussen, A. Olsen, Atkinson, John William Paul Ken- B. Turner, director; Cotton, Beck, Gayle Annie Don

E. Porter, neth Rallison. Hunter, Donnell Marvin W. F.B. B. Johnson, Clarence Johnson, Alice Nelms, J. Gail row: Eighteenth Walker, Lloyd, Ross Myron

row: Ninth McCullough, Robert Clyde Cummings, A.Ardus Wardlti, Ernstrom, Mason, Rela Helen Naone B. Bischoff, Leary, Lanell Douglas Knot, Richard

Hill, Melvin Gamble, Raymond H. Frank Brown, Jean Pyper,LaVonne Wiseman, Nida M. Norma Gardiner. Hancock, Heber Bachman, Golden

Bruce Brockbank, Hunter, Boyd Yearsley, KennethLiechty.

J. D. row: Blaine Donaldson, Nineteenth Harold L. Ariel T. Williams, A. Arthur SutHugh Adams, Third row: Delores Murray, Wall, Linnea Faun Harris, Noall, Parent, Bingham, Vernon John Kenneth Pilling, E. ton, Niles Kent Braby, Lawrence W.Johnson, Birch, Gaynell Louise Cook, Claim Brown,, Richard Wright, Jack Lee Capel, Paul Persson, Clifford Madson, Raydon Woodall.Maughan, Mary Malan, Gordon Heckman, Norma Wells, Crockett, Wendel. John Bob Tenth row: Clegg, G. Roland Burk O. Wood, Dan Gietz,Jean Bonita Wilford McBride, Hanson, row: Twentieth Day, V. Johnson, Bob Donald r'aul Rotison. R. Allyn Jensen, Dean HanMahonev, Ivie,Geraldine Frances Stradley, Hunter, Madonna Miller, Robert Harding, Ralph DeLee Holman. son, Allen D. Pedersen, Carth G. Hess, Stanley Mann, J. Lois Olson. Paxman,Marva

Melvin Floyd S. Graham, H. row: Quigley, Twentyfirst Blaine H. Wendell Gowans, Gerald Weed, Joy Fourth Zollinger, Elvaletta row: Heckman, Olsen, Clare S. Fish, Martin, D. Daley, Glenn Griffin, R. Ebert, Orin John Eldon Paul Robert Skanchy, Peterson, Tanner, Marilyn Hoglund, JuneAdrienne Wursten. D'Hurst, Laurie Dillman, Harris, Lavell Daniel Grant

Kresser, P. Barnes, Brim June Ora IdaMaxine Beyler. Eleventh row: Richard Hanks, Kay BankWayne Ella Shill,Lubbers, Sarah Caleen Hoggan. Deanne

head, Ball, Bethers, Arrington, Donald Leslie Grant Herbert row: Twentysecond Edward Banner, Ingebritsen, Thailia Kathryn Truman, LaRueAdams,

L. Russell Spencer, Olsen, Richard Jay R. Hibbert, Darwin Snow, Thompson, Coombs, C. Alden Nowal LucilleBeattie, Eileen Gibbons, M. Meyer, Gwen

R. Jesperson, Tanner, Harold Patterson, Anderson, Arthur Kenneth Wood. Dean Melvin Don Cook,Lewis.

Spencer, Roberts. Floyd H. Twelfth row: J. Michaelson, Thomas AnderAlma Fifth Florice Leavitt, Hjorth, row: Rell Doug G. son, C. William Beesley, Scott Nelson, Albert Left Balcony: Jay Bennett, Austin Wahlquist, Bird,Francis, Wilkinson, Dawna Donna Karma

Ostraff, Rulon Marcusen, Richard Hansen, D. George Eugene Rampton, Dyke, Van Wayne David O. G.Crofts, Cannell, Lloyd Andersen, Lawrence N.

Farnsworth, C. Fowler, Neilson. Merlyn E. Mitchell, Wallace Whatcott. Doss P. Farnsworth,Leonard Robert Duggar, Gene Mary

Hill, Beverly Huss, A. Jeen Hyer, Grant B. Claybur'n, Thirteenth row: Vernon L. Snow, Teddy E. BrewerRight Balcony: Robert Warnick, Lawrence Brady,

Calvin J. Luke, Kenneth Kohler, Lucille Garner. ton, Arthur Cahoon, Joseph Bough, Kenneth AnderMonroe G. Gallier, Clifton Bennion, Clint Larson,

Sixth Edith Frandsen, Sterson, Johanson, Glenn row: Sorensen, Richard Neil Lovell, Don Sorens&n, William Card, Harold Pratt, Floyd Dixon, Tad Hen-

E.ling Ottesen, Christman, John dricks, R. Buchanan, Vol Dahle, Burningham. Merrill. Gwyn Don Richard

56 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THE DESERET NEWS Has Become a More Attractive Newspaper!

since The Deseret News became Passing Parade is actually the product of an Ed C The period a sevenday-a-week newspaper has been the fastestAustin whim. One day, while he was doing a column

growing period in the history of this 100year-old and experting on global matters, he got the urge to do newspaper. something different, just for once. So he wrote a piece

The response by our readers and our advertisers about the anxiety of a man eating blackberry pie to our efforts to make The Deseret News a really while clad in a white suit. The response was so great

great newspaper has inspired us to take further steps and favorable from the readers that he has been writing ever since about things and people that you and I in our program of improvement—to be of even greater

service to those communities served by this newsmeet every day.

paper. Ed Austin's column, which is being read all over

America, is now on page 3 of the second section of

EASIER TO READ The Deseret News. We're sure you'll like Passing

Parade.

Monday, November 28th our friends were introduced to a completely redesigned Deseret News—reFOR SPORT FANS

designed for easier reading—redesigned for more to Nearly every sport fan in America has heard

read in less time—the most for your leisure time. about Red Smith, who is either the top—or near the

For many months we have tested and experitop—sports writer in America. Red is nationally

mented with the latest and best methods of news and famous for his smoothly technicolored style and his in every feature presentation. During that time we have had closeups of the players themselves—players

the services of America's most famous designer of sport. He is more interested in people than in figures

newspapers, Mr. Gilbert P. Farrar. Mr. Farrar cre-—people that you would like to know—people whose

ated the modern methods of news presentation and names you see on the sport pages all the year 'round.

he has redesigned more than 50 of America's most Red knows his audience, and more than anything attractive newspapers. He brings to our readers the else, it is his droll but heady humor which, within ten

latest most successful methods of making the reading years, has boosted him to the very forefront of sports of your newspaper one of the comforting joys of the columnists. If Red Smith is ever dull, no one has ever

day. caught him at it. Look for Red Smith's column in the

new Deseret News.

NEW FEATURES Just a minute, sports fans, we have another fine feature for you. Of all the sport cartoonists, there is

With the new styling, The Deseret News brings one who signs his drawings PAP. This is the one,

you three new popular features, plus all the old and more than any other, that more topflight athletes look wellread features now in the paper. for every day. Joe DiMaggio says, "I've been a PAP

Facing the editorial page will be Edward T. fan for years."Ted Williams says, "PAP'S cartoons

Austin's new column, PASSING PARADE. This are my favorites every day."Sid Luckman, of the

column will be found to be as refreshing as a cool Chicago Bears says, "PAP'S cartoons are a treat for breeze. You will find it thoughtprovoking, homey every sports fan. They're tops with me."

philosophy, with no affection or hokum. It is truly PAP began his sports cartoon in The Deseret

American, flavored with wistful, easygoing humor. News Monday, November 28th.

This writer leaves the corn and complexity to those You will like the easierto-read new Deseret less competent. News. Just be sure that you see these new things.

THE NEW DESERET NEWS More Readable... More Entertaining!

JANUARY 1950 57 OCTOBER MISSIONARIES MISSIONARIES ENTERING THE MISSIONARY HOME Anita Louise Allred, Rodney W. Fye, Carol A. Eugene Lee Choate, Wayne C. Spackman, Ronald

OCT. 10 AND DEPARTING OCT. 19, 1949 Clark, Claron Spencer, Mary B. Davis, John S. Hodges, Fontella Willden, L. Carl Holley, Bert D.

Davis, William T. Hay, DeVere P. Harmon, William Miner, Grant M. Flygare, John C. Meyers, Paul

Reading from left to right: C. Andersen, Harold Campbell, Morris Musig, Haynie, Dale E. Stevenson.

Bryon E. Key. Thirteenth row: Paul Murdock, Ronald Stone,

First row: Don A. Caldwell, E. Lionel Brady, Seventh row: Dorothy Mae Peck, Dennavor Hatt, LaMar Olsen, Alton W. Buttars, Lawrence J. Leavitt,

Joseph M. Merritt, LeRoy Edwin Lindsay, Paul J. Mary Lou Matthews, Ardell H. Jenkins, Robert V. Albert Adams, Donald L. Hicken, Dallas M. PenAnderson, Jr., James Richard Bowen, Marion S. Thurston, Walter E. Muir, Howard K. Matthes, rod, Robert H. M. Killpack, Glenn R. Blatter,

Russon; Richard S. Koster, Lester Taylor, Van C. Gerald Wilkinson, Maylen C. Madsen, Gaylen J. Gerald Gudmundson, Melvin W. Cox.

Gailey, Graham R. Mather, Robert Beard, Harold Matheson, William H. Oppie, Wayne L. Clark, L. Fourteenth row: Perry Rex Brown, R. Desmond

Norton. Wayne Brimley, Morris Seely, Buster Murphy. Pincock, Paul C. Bennion, Alan B. Holyoak, Carl

Second row: Donald C. Turner, Curtis Rex Young, Eighth row: Norma Hakes, Velma Mae Lunt, Hatch, Blaine L. Olsen, Thomas H. Clark, Howard

Luana Carter, Lois Nielsen, Rebecca Hernandez, Enid Critchfield, Jackie Barlow, LaRue Hinckley, R. Francis, Glen E. Fullmer, LaMonte Sant, Richard

Don Mortensen, Joseph F. Cutler, Mildred Burton, Dennis A. Clegg, Elmer Jay Hartvigsen, J. Allen K. Cotant, William Albert Miller, Wendell ChristenKathryn Grimm, Bernice Carpenter, Norma Mabey, Wayman, George T. Crane, John Reese Hunter, sen, E. Woodrow Hunter.

Emma Vontella Smith, Robert W. Waldron. James Byron Hill, Robert Louis Wolz, W. Denton Fifteenth row: Leon Kent Burnett, Richard C.

Third row: Clarice Anderson, Colleen Dickson, Nejeker. Low; Albert Bill Atkins, Evan O. Koller, Reo L.

Jennie M. Child, Jennie L. E. Carter, Margaret Ninth row: Elaine Genevieve Pugmire, Evelyn Williamson, Gerald L. Davey, Garth L. Geddes,

Hoyer, Jack Melvin James, James H. Rane, Richard Gilbert, Delbert V. Olsen, P. H. Allen, Glen Lee Dale T. Fletcher, John L. Crockett, Glade M.

C. Merrill, Jack Cragun, Howard H. Richardson, Glen Williams, Wayne R. Crook, Wayne P. Tenney, Hal Sowards, Harold Hancock, Robert G. Cutler, Sherrill

W. Welling, Mary E. Pitcher, Marriner F. Bingham, H. Curtis, George A. Ricks, James D. Chesire, Jr., O. Huff, L. Stanford Hunsaker, Deon S. Bringhurst;

Dean O. Harrison. Keith N. Worthington, Arvin R. Christopherson, W. Gordon Chytraus.

Fourth row: Evelyn Sabin, Eva Collard, James E. Wendell Wagstaff, Alton Wendell Averett, Verl J. Sixteenth row: Jay Peterson, Richard Oveson, Ray

Hook, Burton H. Harris, Hal Barrus, Joseph C. Cox, O. Harvey Harward. Williams, Ivan Baker, Dean Durrant, James D.

Garff, Reginal T. James Gardner; V. Cook, Talbot, Talbot, O. Celeste Donald W. John Thompson, Nielson, PendleJean row: Nedra Tenth O. Dean

E. J. Walser. Stosick, A. Jesse George W. Richard Lyman, Eliason, ton, O. LeGrande McMurdie, Maughan W.

T. J. Johnson, H. William Isaacson, Knight, row: Seventeenth James Stayner, Burke Lynn Lee E. Tueller, Harvey, Clyde A. Shumway, Glen Eugene

L. Clair Fulton, Gary Christensen, Harless, Clayton. Carol Royal White, Moffett, C. Lindow, D. Lamar Kay Don Max

B. L. Graff, Tucker, Fifth row: MontelJ. Bowen Robert Lois Lyman, Rogers, Nadine Joyce McRae, Jackman.

L. Burton, Byron Gassman, G. Todd, Somerville, Stoker, George Howard Reid, Ethna Wallace Robinson

Lester Clark, row: M. Eleventh Anderson, Warren E. Higgins. Pearl Oliver, Clair F. Lloyd, W. Karla N. Zbinden, Hugh

Jones, Farr Robert Glendon Hodge, David Hyrum f. Eldon Rogers, J. A. R. Francis row: Albert Eighteenth Zbinden, R. Sorenson, Fred Freeman

V. Lisonbee, Shelby Jack Olsen DeLonzor, Ronald J. Purser, Jenkins, Gerald Barnes, Wal- G. Ruff, Richard Hebertson, McClellan, M. Howard Kenneth

Jr., Fessler. Wright, Grondel, John Gene E. H. Earl, Hullinger, lace Merrill Gale, Richard Paul Wilkins. John Max Rulon Hymas, Wm.

Sixth row: Mildred Russell, Verda Wimmer, Twelfth row: Gaylen J. Cox, Loyd D. Wilson, Garrett, Mark L. Wahlquist.

NO LIQUORTOBACCO

(Concluded from page 53) that does not show an inferiority of pervisiting nurse, the ministry, the libraries, the beginning states, in amounts too small formance after the use of alcohol in the press, and the broadcasting stations.

to be appreciated, alcohol slows the reamounts smaller than would be recognized No health department, local or state, is flexes of the body, which we are endowed as of toxic significance. to be considered adequate in its program

with to protect ourselves from destruction Perhaps the most important of all, is the of public service if it fails to use its authority preof alcohol with cause to deal as a that positive statement of no evidence imreflex of the the action eye,—the

it disease should ventable have for which in health far has provement so humanear, the depend on we nervousmuscles—which policy a program. and result to al- a the use found of from been of infor safety this world and speed

the in cohol being. normal human association. uncontrolledpower and human is upto-date a factual The above

as used, causes Alcohol, times more many that there evidence shows is no form The scientific of of knowledge statement the infectious diseases. than tested activity does deaths which so farof human the effects alcohol the of on human

Civil is limited the authority inferiority as to reducing performance opofnot show it is in wine, beer, found whether body alfor portunities exploitation alcohol. absorption theinvariable sequel of of Reby

is poison a etc. Alcohol whisky, for sponsibility correcting rests conditions not carecohol. I do what you try—adding

barrel, gallon, or in a a a drop, dictation the public with taking school system, typewriting,machines, the whether also on there is no small or large accomplishment family physician, the health officer, the science declares.

58 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA It has theTulf

Yes, you'll say the '50 Ford tops them all for brilliant beauty—both outside and in!

Here's true "Fashion Car"styling in every line and every detail!

White side wall tires optional at extra cost

It has theln More hip and shoulder room than any other car in Ford's class! Plenty of leg room

both front and rear. And more comfort with

new nonsagging front seat springs and special foam rubber seat cushion. No wonder people say the '50 Ford is the one fine

car in the lowprice field!

Ever handle a car that you can—stopsteerwithwitha fingertipfeather touchease

on the brake pedal? That's

the '50 Ford with 35% easier acting KingSize Brakes!

It has the 50 ways new—that's

Ford for '50! For example, just get the feel

of the new 100 h.p.

V-8! So quiet it whispers, so alive it puts

you out front in any traffic situation!

Like broadcloth—or

mohair? Take your

pick; the '50 Ford

offers both in sparkling new colors.

built in IMThere's a in your future...with a future

JANUARY 1950 59 THE ERA GROWS (Continued from page 23) volumes which have been well acwhere she was graduated in 1948, organizations of the Church, on the cepted by the Church: Minute Seras a member of Phi Upsilon Omiward, stake, and general board mons, Sunlight and Shadows, and cron, national home economics fralevel, (she is a former member of Storyteller's Scrapbook. ternity, and of Phi Kappa Phi, nathe Sunday School general board Nelson White, art director for tional honorary scholastic fraterand has served longer than any of The Improvement Era, once heard nity. She was active in the student

her associates on the Young a young missionary preach in haltpublications. She has been a faithWomen's Mutual Improvement Asing language in his native Denmark, ful Church worker as secretary and

sociation general board), and in the and immediately purchased a Book teacher in the Sunday School, high schools and colleges of Ariof Mormon to prove it false. After Primary, and M.I.A.

zona and Utah, as well as the Unithree months of intense study he The business department of The versity of Utah. applied for baptism, and in 1914 he Improvement Era is headed by

She was born in Philadelphia, emigrated, leaving his lucrative art General Superintendent Elbert R.

Pennsylvania, a daughter of Abram field in Denmark behind. In Utah Curtis of the Young Men's Mutual

H. Cannon and Lilian Hamlin Canhe began to apply his knowledge of Improvement Association who is

non. Her early education was republishing problems to intermoungeneral manager. General Presiceived in Mexico and Canada. She tain newspapers and magazines. dent Bertha S. Reeder, of the

was graduated from the L. D. S. Within three years he had so far Young Women's Mutual ImproveUniversity, attended the University assimilated the American spirit ment Association is associate manof Utah, and has done graduate that eastern magazines reached into ager.

work at the University of California the west for his work. His artwork John D. Giles first became conand the University of Utah. over the years has appeared in such nected with the Era in April 1929

Before coming to the Era, her national publications as The Saturwhen he was called by George Alpen was active for the Relief Society day Evening Post, Ladies'Home bert Smith, the general superintenMagazine and The Children's Journal, and McCall's. dent of the Young Men's Mutual

Friend. She is the mother of four A highly successful national orImprovement Association, as a

sons and one daughter. ganization which specializes in makmember of a threeman committee

Elizabeth Jackson Moffitt joined ing printing plates for syndicated commissioned to revise and promote the publication in May 1933 as a release to magazines and publicathe magazine. In 1935 he was apstenographer and has advanced to tions throughout the world features pointed to The Improvement Era

editorial secretary, editorial assomore than eight thousand of Nelexecutive committee. He has been

ciate, and now to manuscript editor. son White's drawings, all of them business manager since December

She was reared in Carbon Coundrawn during his spare time when 1944. For twenty years Brother

ty, Utah, and made her home there he was, as he himself styles it, "reGiles has been field campaign diuntil her husband's untimely death. laxing"from his local endeavors. rector for The Improvement Era.

Then she came to Salt Lake City The West, however, has become Verl F. Scott, assistant business

with her two daughters and enhis homeland, and here he feels manager and advertising director, rolled at the L. D. S. Business Colcontented. Here he can apply his joined the Era staff in June 1948.

lege, where she later taught classes. efforts to inspirational thinking, and He filled a mission to the western

She began working on the Era here in his working hours at The states prior to his army services durstaff when the late Harrison R. Improvement Era offices, and in ing World War II. He holds a

Merrill was managing editor and his spare moments, he is busily bachelor of science degree from the has devoted her time since then to thinking up new ways in which to University of Utah. He has served

building up the magazine. present inspiration to the public in numerous capacities in the

Albert L. Zobell, Jr., our research through eye appeal. Church, and in addition to his other

editor, began writing Era material Burl Shepherd, one of the new assignments he is a member of the in 1939, and became a regular conadditions to the staff of The Imgeneral information and statistics tributor about a year later, when he provement Era, is editor of the committee of the Church. He and

began doing parttime work in the new "Today's Family"section. A Sister Arline Martindale Scott are

editorial department. native of Cardston, Alberta, Canthe parents of two daughters.

He obtained his bachelor of sciada, she came to Utah in 1944 to There are other members, too, in ence degree in history and political begin her college work at Brigham the Era family: men and women

science from the University of Utah Young University. The following who type, keep up the subscription

(the diploma said "honors") in year she transferred to the Utah lists, mail, and perform the many

June 1944, and a master of science State Agricultural College, Logan, other routine tasks which are necesdegree the following year. His sary in the publishing and distributthesis was on the biography of ing of a publication. All of these,

Thomas L. Kane, a great friend of WINTER FOOTBALL together with the hundreds of Era

Brigham Young and of early Utah. supporters in the field are working

Thelm a Ireland He became an editorial associate continually to help The Improvetrees shrubs wear helmets and being its goal of toward Erain ment 1945. September THE

pads, snowshod shoulder And the in religious magazine best the his university completing Since tackles the Protection from work, he has compiled three small Of Winter's charging squad. world.

60 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

foolish?Fenny wise.,%064

Sure, you made a sound, valueget- ting choice in your new car. But

mister—with those newcar prices 2. Unusual PowersI Even

averaging about $2,064—what are when the fine lubricating oil

you doing to insure a full return on itself isn't covering a part, that much money? OilPlating is! It protects

"drygrinding from engine your winter wear here comes Because... corstarts from friction"investment. attack to You

... acids combustion rosive.. you to lose stand yourplenty—unless caused carbon and sludge from car! that OilPlate by wear.

/ OHplating—a feature of

patented Conoco N'A Motor Oil—fastens a shield of special 3. Winter Puts the Squeeze

lubricant to working parts. OilOn! Cold weather adds greatly

Plattng can't all drain down to the destructive power of—even overnight! these carkillers. Drive your

car in today and armor it against winter with Conoco

I See Your Conoco Mileage Merchant, HOW

MOTOR OIL

JANUARY 1950 61

THE FORI ON THE FIRING LINE

( Continued from page 3 1 to the ranch, and Peterson's medino stray bullet would find them. To

All the cattle companies in the cine left them fully primed for the some of them it was terrible, and county could not employ, even for big demonstration. among those who suffered in helptheir board, a tenth of the birds of It began with a jargon of yells lessness was the sick wife of

passage around the mountain, yet and shots in the air as they stood Bishop F. I. Jones, who had for

not one of them went hungry or there in the storeman's dooryard, some time been confined to her bed without a horse and outfit. They for his store was his home, and he and lay now in anguish of suspense

lived fat and flourished, and their had rushed his family away when lest someone would be hurt. The

numbers increased. Sarah Jane he saw what was coming. The bishop waited there with her, chafRogerson, one of the plucky women renegades began shooting every can ing under his conscientious scruples

who faced the perils of early Montiof fruit, every can of corned beef, which held him from answering the cello, relates that one night when every can of baking powder, anyoutrage as his nature demanded.

the cowpunchers "shot up"the thing and everything they found on In the evening, as many of the town, she counted seventyfive of the shelves of the store; they took cowpunchers as could still ride rethem by the light of their guns as hundred pound sacks of sugar to turned to Peterson's store and,

their horses jumped single file over the door, slit them from end to bringing in all the horses that could a ditch on the public square. end with their knives, and scattered get through the doorway, fed them

They had come to this rendezvous the sugar all over the yard. They hay and grain on the counter, and

from states as far away as Kansas did the same with salt, grain, flour, spreading whatever they could find and Washington, With their everything in sacks. They threw in the way of blankets on the floor,

spotters and bribetakers and their slabs of bacon in the air and shot they sank down to sleep in the part alliance with the system at Rincone, them and ransacked the store for of the house where Peterson and they felt a degree of security and anything else on which to dissipate his family had been living.

intended to preserve a maze of contheir exploding energy. Returning fitfully back to confusion from which officers of the One of them ran with a bolt of sciousness at a late hour next mornlaw would be glad to get away calico out to his waiting horse, ing, and sitting up on the hard

alive. abolished government They bolt of the loose the end wrapped floor to their of eyes, rub them one

to nothing thereso completely was his saddle, of and the to horn kettle that castiron the remarked killing other each fromhinder them street, the while the dashed up in the thing stove only the on was of it, for the fun and suspicion like flutteron a long to bolt unrolled the fellow fawning at a man's elbow ribbon on the wind 'behind him. the place which had not been shot, snatched a fellow up his gun and feared be often more towas too smart a followed; than Others it was

bits. it to and blew his sniffing trail. They onan officer to monopolize; trick for one man

fought out their differences to the and the bright colors rippled in They had pulled off a whale of death, no one to pity the victim or long banners or caught on the pole a party; Blue Mountain had seen

punish the victor. Just how many fences at the corners of the streets nothing like it ever before; and as

of their numbers they eliminated in as these madmen raced up one side they rode away in the middle of the their camps and secret places is but and down the other, skinning their forenoon, they agreed it would not a guess. And it could not be rethroats to make all the noise posbe the last of its kind.

lated that they were followed by sible.

any penalties of the law. About They raised their Comanche TThe fortunes of the struggling outthat time in a perfunctory court voices in echoing exultation. They post at Monticello were vital

procedure one of the jurors assured fired their brave sixshooters. to the people at Bluff as part of

comes before friends,his "Whoever The people of the town stayed their own mission. The two places innocent."this jury is

behind their log walls, praying that kept as closely in touch as distance

Mons Peterson's little store in the and the ruggedness of the country corner of town had recently shipped would permit, the quickest comin a few bottles of liquor to be used munication being the time it took in cases of sickness. The cow- a good horse to run fifty miles.

punchers had heard of it, had inOne July morning, with the firstsisted on sampling it, and had nimbus of day appearing over the fumed and cursed when Peterson cliffs east of Bluff, a rider came on refused. They would sample it now, a fagging trot from the mouth of

regardless. Cow Canyon, his horse covered

Straight to Peterson's store the with lather and ready to drop. He

whole howling gang of renegades had come since midnight from rode whip and spur, ordered the Monticello, and he had a story to flasks from their hiding place and tell about wild men and whiskey, passed them around with lavish the most dreadful of all combinahand. They were already well tions.

loaded with liquor they had brought (To be concluded) 62 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Oil helps grow food for you... in Hawaii

Beyond the Islands'coral beaches, behind Standard of California's job ever since kertheir blue, cliffsharp hills, lie some of the osene lamps burned in Honolulu's lightmost efficiently mechanized farming areas house. Today, this service has spread to all

in all the world. the Islands... provides millions of gallons

The pineapple you eat and much of the of petroleum products every year... helps

sugar you serve are grown, not in palminsure better living for the Islanders and shaded tropical valleys, but on broad fields better food for you.

of rich, red soil... contour plowed, expertly cultivated, carefully harvested.

And in all these jobs, oil plays a major part.

Oil powers plows and cultivators; petroleum emulsions control weeds in fields of

young cane and pineapple plants; at harvest time, huge Diesel machines rake and

load 130 tons of cane an hour, and ripe pineapples are gathered on conveyor belts.

Trucks and barges speed the harvest to canneries and mills.

Supplying the oil Hawaii needs has been

JANUARY 1950

"Oh, so Sub is being coy!"I

FROM AN M.I.A. DIARY jeered, but Susie shushed me, just

( Concluded [rom page 4 1 that! No slavery for me, no matter as Dad came in.

it may be! "Well, a maid who's majoring inshall refuse any gift, however how sugarcoated

will certainly flunk course her men is the beginday not every But leads from thatvarnished, away

I if lets that get she away!"one I life? in year of a ning new my

I to hate beginningfreedom. am sat to the as muttered, we down live the calento intend not by do

I like thedictatorship. Church table. of succession a but dar new

method, to teach truth, God's eterprogressive days of freedom! My "Sh!"Sue hissed back, "Who's

nal truth, and leave you free to resolution holds for every day. majoring in men? My major's

use it. Dear diary, good night! psychology!"

I shall try to make the new year And the Lord help "Besides, the faculty of Central really new. You may depend on me!—/. A. W. don't date students!"I managed,

while Dad was telling Russia off.

Susie's only answer to that was

SUSIE AND THE SUBCONSCIOUS a glance that said plainer than that she what knew and Sub {Continued from page 21) he'd find her. Well, maybe he words

I an infant they knew, and was would. the last Prom, before the day On still, adolescent. an worse and

I dedeal?"the what's "Now, his of out room her come I saw that, after but called twice Paul back. she as came as soon manded, air period, on walkingafter psych

to be Susie time nowhere each was the carrying of face her that been look with you've onand "Here third ring came, the found. When see years for and years, didn't even visions. for Paul, torchseeing She

I I in- I pranced mad. confess was here's your hall, they Well, but in the saw know. both as was wewho hall, receiver the to the yanked

her, all right. A group of the big chance, and what do you do? Run off and gritted viciously, into theguys just in from the gym turned out on it!"mouthpiece, "Sorry, but Susie is

and watched her like she was "I couldn't help it, Johnny. I still out!"

somebody brand new, until she was just couldn't talk to him."

cultured a when hanging up I was sight. do you of whoout And

sorry! so I'm think "But I still don't see—voice "Oh, answered, expresmost longest the andgave

"Well,"Susie explained, hurried- I wanted very much to speak tosive whistle?

ly, because Mother was calling us her!"

great Stronge, right! The You're dinner, for "we've to get ready Silver!"I stam- "Oh, Mr. I'll the that bet was person!in off till I see if Proto stall got him on a moment! actually "Wait—holdoh, ever first that bloke time Silver—fessor

I I just think her heard come her mered,She's—he'd been although Sue,saw

hero for at least two years. Of in!"I was squeaking so loud Susie

course, it never occurred to me that heard me and dashed in from the the great wheel would be free from NEIGHBORHOOD LIGHTS porch, pale as a ghost, her eyes big entanglements on the very last By Katharine Welles Wheeler as saucers.evening before the Prom. But he "Is it—him, Johnny?"

must have been saving himself for stood and watched the picture that I nodded, and she grabbed the WEwas madea miracle, for we'd no sooner got in the night, before we drew the phone. The professor's voice came There

home that afternoon than Mother shade: over the wire as clear and elegant

said the phone had been ringing for The house across the road was bright as as in the classroom. I could hear

Sue. It rang again while she was day; every word.

telling us, and Mother said, casualThey spent the midnight oil that was "Is that you, Susie, my dear? I'm

ly, just as if it were some ordinary their way. so glad you came in, I want to ask

mortal, "The Stronge boy, I beThe one next door was dark, for they were a great favor of you."

gonelieve he said he was."

But would return from work at break of "Oh, Mr."Silver, don't call it

Well, Susie turned actually white dawn. that! I

and whispered, "Answer it, JohnDame Simpkin's light went on at half past "But it is, my dear. A very great

ny."Then she fled out the door, eight. favor. And if it had not been for

till very late. the unusual interest you have shownwhither I knew not. Up in her room, she reads

in classes fact that and the attic the you my schoolgirl help climbed had Her all right, he and It was Paul, was stair; a not dare I should seem real friend,

I tolddisappointed him Sue when like there. studentlamp a beacon was The

it."to ask

there.wasn't never "Oh, you The house with draperies drawn had left a "Oh, Mr. Silver, you make me I said,can tell,"asked he when slackif I knew when she'd be home, And slender, gleaming, tantalizing crack. feel so—

"You know Sue. Out having a The doctor's porch globe was a hooded "Well, I may as well come to the

point. see, Susie, in a You glim; I guy, suppose."withsoda some

But served is, to guide the sick who came to fact quandary. The I'mmy-—my him. If I that Paul, would make knew to fiancee passing has be happened

him all the more anxious, and it It's great to watch the habits of the through here en route to the coast.

neighborhooddid. He said he'd look in all the Where you belong; the feel of it is warm On impulse, she decided to stopjoints before calling again, maybe and good! over for a couple of days to—to

64 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA visit with me,"he gave a sicklylaugh, t "and Prom—I had I SHOULD HAVE HAD MY IRONRITEwritten about she's attendthat—naturallytheinterested—25 YEARS AGO!"

Sue was hanging onto the phone

J. Oliekan as if she'd faint if she let go. Mr. Says434Mrs.3rdD.Avenue

Silver had paused for her to say Salt Lake City. Utah

something, and she made a husky little murmur before he went on, "My Ironrite saves me more time and labor sounding embarrassed, "Well, the thanlook forwardany othereachapplianceweek, now,I haveto everironingowned.day. I

point of the whole matter is, I "I can iron everything in my wash with amazsimply cannot find accommodations areing ease.pricelessMy whenIronrite'sI irontwomyuseabledaughter'sopen endsnice

I am for her on such short notice. You cottonproud ofdressesthe wayandmy frillyshirts blouses—and,look.

know-—there seems to be absolutely "Best of all, my Ironrite's rhythmic, restful,

ironing brings automatic the me to bottom"ofnowhere she can stay—the convenstill 'fresh basket as my clothes a daisy.'

Prom—-"tion coming at the same time as the

His voice trailed off, and I saw

Sue gulp. Now, I've always thought

quite dramatizing an actor,Sue was LowIronnleDown Payment—easy

Ask about a FREE creditHomeherself, know, you always being terms. Demonstration.

some character she'd read about till you never knew what the real Sue was like. But this time she was SEE ONE OF THESE IRONRITE DEALERS FOR A FREE DEMONSTRATION

up against the real thing. I couldn't BLAKE ELECTRIC COMPANY UTAH Richfield

help thinking it was a kind of test, CULLIGANREAD BROTHERS'SOFT WATERCOMPANYSERVICE Salt LakeOgdenCity and the way Sue took it would show THE CLARK COMPANY Salt Lake City whether she was a thoroughbred or ATKINSON'S APPLIANCE STORE IDAHO Malad

C. ANDERSON COMPANY

H. JONES FURNITUREa phony. Well, she rated an A on C.SAM AND APPLIANCES IdahoBlackfootFalls

that test. Playacting or not, Sue Distributed fay

proved she was no phony. Her face GORDON E. W1LK1NS-—IRONERS, INC. 142 So. 5th W. Salt Lake City, Utah

was dead white, and it looked old and grownup, like maybe she'll look when she's thirty, but she didn't hesitate more than a couple ofseconds before she said, as warmly ALL-O-WHEAT as Mother ever did, "Why, bringher right over here, Mr. Silver! CEREAL

We have plenty of room, and we'll The Best and Most Healthful love having her. I'll go and tell Cereal for Your Family to Eat!

Mother."I slipped out while Mr. Silver was ThePeople Alluse-0-onlyWheatthe

thanking her. I didn't want to see most carefully selectSue's face when she hung up. But ed wheats with highvalues. est foodthere was nothing unusual to see.

are They She stayed alone in the hall for a milled to retainskillfullyall minute or two, but when she came of the food values intended them but nature the living into room, no oneback to havenoticed the lowdown, hadme,. who IT'S STEEL CUT For smoother, richer

she was paler and quieter. While

ALL-O-WHEAT telling about Mr. Mothershe was IS HOT CHOCOLATE rang telephone the fiancee,Silver's to the Taste DELICIOUS

again. NUTRITIOUS to the Body Use Morning Milk—diluted

Believe it or not, it was Paul EASY TO PREPARE or undiluted, as you please.

Milk's Morning texsmooth to use VERY ECONOMICAL I to hear glad everagain, and was ture, rich flavor the make of Try a package and ALL-O-WHEAT thought voice! awfulhis The manly best hot chocolate

its note DELICIOUS FLAVOR, that probto had he better! even come Tryhad me it—tasteand entire berry that the evidence wheat

you'll taste the difference! it all, given After up. isably was present

not Paul who usually did the chasAsk Your Grocer Today For ing, and if he'd quit, where wouldSusie be then, poor thing! But it ALL-O-WHEAT MORNING

must have been the difficulties he Or Write to ALL-O-WHEAT CO.

Ogden, Utah (Concluded on following page) MILK

JANUARY 1950 65 SUSIE AND THE SUBCONSCIOUS (Concluded from preceding page) Well, Sue was what Grandma the front porch ( she certainly was was running into that were making would call the belle of the ball, as an ordinarylooking Jane, not even him so wild about Susie. was only to be expected for Paul in Sue's class). "Do you know,

"This is me, Ananias,"I babbled, Stronge's girl and date. Boys Johnny, it's the funniest thing,"(she

"Did you,'by any chance, want danced with her who hadn't known and I were in the kitchen eating

Sue?"she was on earth, although they peanutbutter sandwiches, before

"Oddly enough, yes,"he anhad probably been in the same going to bed) "but yesterday, in swered, with heavy sarcasm. classes. Even the senior girls were chapter thirtysix of the psychol-

"Doesn't she live there any more?"respectfully jealous and treated her ogy book it said, 'Occasionally the

"She certainly does,"I answered, like she was One Of Them. Mr. Subconscious, rather than assisting,

knowing now she wouldn't be hard Silver broke away from his girl seems at the time to be frustrating to find. "Susie, Telephone!"friend long enough to dance with one; but in that case, one is apt to

"You'll thank Old Sub for this her. Though when I say dance, I learn later that it was for his best

some day,"I said, when Susie had am using the term loosely, for Sue good the plan in question did fail.'

accepted Paul in a quiet and digniadmitted to me, some time later, that The Subconscious, with the infinite fied way that must have been somehis dancing is definitely dated, and wisdom of Time and Space to draw thing new in H.R.H. (His Royal I think that went a long way toupon, had acted for the best."

Highness) 's love life. I was just ward helping her to forgive Old "That's right,"I said, heartily,

trying to show a little sympathy Sub for failing her in a crisis. glad for once to be on the side of

without saying anything embar- "Do you know,"she said, late the Subconscious, "If we have to rassing, but Susie only gave me a that night after Paul had finally lose faith in anyone, let it be Mr.

twisted smile and went up to her gone and Mr. Silver was saying a Silver, by all means. Let's never go

room. lingering goodnight to his girl on back on dear old Sub!"

LEHI IN THE DESERT

(Continued from page 16) in a time when Egypt was enjoying But it is now time to turn to the

Egyptian cultural heritage that was the short but almost miraculous reBook of I Nephi. How perfectly

allpowerful, Egyptian influence bevival of splendor that marked the the author depicts the very situation ing strongest in Palestine after XXVI Dynasty, with its astonishwe have just described! He exEgypt had passed her peak as a ing climax of world trade, the credit plained that he did not intend to

world power. of that country should stand high write a political history, and so we

In the great days of Egypt the in the land of Jerusalem? must often look between the lines;

renowned Ipuwer had said, "the Palestine, always a melting pot, yet the amount of information he foreigners have become Egyptians was more so than ever in this period imparted in the most casual and everywhere,"'and a near conof internationalism and trade. It unlabored manner imaginable is

temporary of Lehi can boast, "bewas a time of great mixing of culsimply astonishing. Consider first

hold, are not the Ethiopian, the tures and nationalities throughout the picture of Lehi.

Syrian, and all foreigners alike inthe ancient world, both through the Lehi was a very rich Jew; he was

structed: in the language of operations of commerce and of war. proud of his Egyptian education,

Egypt?"For centuries it was the Lists of skilled workmen living in spoke and wrote Egyptian, and incustom of the princes of Syria to Babylon immediately after the fall sisted on his sons learning the

send their sons to Egypt to be eduof Jerusalem show an almost41 unlanguage. He possessed exceeding 8cated.'"No matter how sorry the believable mixture of types. As great wealth in the form of "gold,

plight of Egypt, the boastful infor the internationalism of business, silver, and all manner of precious of the Delta were merthings,"not manufactured at Jeruscriptions of her rulers—sometimes the princes42

very feeble the abchants, the princes of the Syrian salem; he had close ties with Sidon ones—proclaim

solute and unquestioned superiority and Palestinian cities were also, as (one of the most popular names in of Egyptian civilization to i all \ the Amarna tablets show, merthe Book of Mormon, where it apothers: with Egyptians that is an I chants; the story of Wenamon is pears both in its Semitic and its

article of faith. Like the English in ] enough to show that the princes of Egyptian form of Giddonah ); yet

our own day, the Egyptians demonPhoenicia and Philistia were merhe lived on an estate in the country, strated time and again the ability to chants; the Arab princes of the "the land of his inheritance,"and

maintain a power and influence in j desert were merchants, and the merwas something of an expert in vine, the world out;bf all proportion to chants of\ Egypt and Babylonia olive, fig, and honey culture; so

their physical resources; with no would meet in their tents to transthere can be little doubt of the

other means than a perfect and act business; 43 the two wisest of the nature of his business with Egypt.''4

tenacious confidence in the divine Greeks, Lehi's great contemporaries, Now this man, coming from one superiority of Egypt and Amnion, Solon and Thales, both traveled exof the oldest families and having a

Wenamon almost succeeded in i tensively) J i 'in the East—oni business. most unobjectionable background

the great prince of Inoverawing found himsuddenly education, short, Lehi's world was a world and 40 Is it that then, that self the "peopleTyre. j of merchants. any wonder in bad with

66 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA count."First, there was mockery,

then, anger, and finally, plots against his life (I Nephi 1:1920)

which, since they were serious, must have been supported in high places, for in openly siding with Jeremiah (Ibid,, 7:14)

he had made himself a traitor to his class and his tradition: members of his own family turned

against him and, taking the side of "the Jews who were at Jerusalem,"as Nephi explains, accused their father of criminal defeatism in thinking and preaching "that Jerusalem, that great city, must be destroyed,"(Ibid., 1:4) exactly as the Sarim accused Jeremiah of treasonable talk.

So vehement was their support of the government party's point of view, that Lehi's two eldest sons shared with the Jews the great crime of plotting against their father's life. (Ibid,, 17:44.) Nowhere is the "dissension and heartburning that rent the unhappy city

of Jerusalem"more clearly shown forth than in those impassioned scenes within Lehi's own household.

The elder sons, reared to a life of Egyptian elegance and heirs to a fortune that owed much to Egypt.

were staunch defenders of the status quo, while the younger sons, less spoiled by all accounts, had been made aware of the real nature of the crisis in Jerusalem, which was not really an economic or a political but basically a moral one.

(Ibid., 1:19.) The older men

could not see this at all: "the people $&lM<?*itc<z&<f Tutted

who were in the land of Jerusalem,"they protested, "were a righteous CATHEDRAL CHIMES and people; for they kept the statutes

... according to the law of Moses;wherefore, we know that they are a TIME frighteous people..., Such was r Within the reach JOUYALWAYSthe holy chauvinism of the false: of every church, regardless J POPS of size or with their budget.prophets 1 1,000 Over gospel of busi- #wSS"

testify to their ft BETTER superiorness as usual. of.installations atmosphere The

hysteria and gloom that prevails in tone, dependable operation, fi

Nephi's story of Jerusalem is, as we MAAS Cathedral Chimes Vibrachimes have seen, strictly authentic, and the Carillons Harp Celeste Vibrachord danger of utter annihilation of Ask your nenrhy Macs Dealer or write to:..

Delicious like thatJerusalem runs an ominous MAAS ORGAN CO. IV SUNVISTAfate motif the through whole book BLACKEYED PEAS

was, as the event proved, perfectly BABYBUTTERLIMABEANSBEANS justified. PINTO BEANS

The world has always cast a GREENPINTO BEANSCHILI WITHPEPPERSPORK superior and mocking eye on the At Your Grocers inordinate concern of the Book of

Mormon for things Egyptian. With

it is incredulitysurprise and now Write for your free copy of thelearning that culture Egyptian counted for in Palestine far more in 1949 Era Index {Continued following on page)

JANUARY 1950 67 LEHI IN THE DESERT (Continued from preceding page) he could read these engravings, and they spoken only Hebrew. Ancient

600 B.C. than anyone had ever supteach them to his children."(Mos. Hittite was just such a dual lanposed. It is significant that the 1:4.) We have seen that Egyptian guage. The reason "none other

Book of Mormon concern with was taught to "Ethiopians, Syrians, people knoweth our language"toEgypt is strictly cultural—it never and all other foreigners"in Lehi's day is that English is the result of

mentions Pharaoh or speaks of day. Mormon tells us (Mor. 9:32imposing cultivated French on native

Egyptian government, but only of 34 ) that the language of Lehi's Saxon, just as cultivated Egyptian

Egyptian culture and especially descendants was not Hebrew or was imposed on native Hebrew in language. It makes it perfectly Egyptian but a mixture of both, Lehi's Palestine. On a ceremonial

clear, however, that Egyptian was both being corrupted in the process, dagger which with its handle of for Lehi a second language, "for so that "none other people knoweth white gold reminds us of Laban's he having been taught in the lanour language,"which would cersword, we read the name Jaqohguage of the Egyptians, therefore tainly not have been the case had her, "Jahveh is satisfied,"a name which neatly combines Egyptian and Hebrew in a process of fusion for which a great deal of evidence now exists, and which had been in progress long before Lehi's day. 45

It was common in ancient as in

(e.g. the Eng. word same One -J modern languages to use one and for "utterance"both "ra") Egypt, Get "speech"and "language."* When Nephi

says, "after this manner was the Starting language of my father in praising of his God,"(I Ne. 1:15) he is not

telling us what language his father spoke, but giving notice that he is quoting or paraphrasing an actual speech of his father. Likewise

when he says, "I make a record in the language of my father,"( Ibid., 1:2) he says that he is going

to quote or paraphrase a record actually written by his father.

{Ibid., 1:16,) He explains that his

father wrote the record in Egyptian matters, it dealt with Jewish though I th w that Egyptian affirms he never but was his father's native tongue. 46

But it is not only a dual culture WINTER GRADE that is thus reflected in the Book of Mormon. The same mixture of

types that turns up among the captives in Babylon is vividly depicted in the proper names of Lehi's deGASOLINE scendants. The temptation to list

a few of these here is too great to resist, and such a list furnishes a really helpful commentary on Lehi's own background. Hebrew and

Egyptian names together make up the overwhelming majority and ocMOTOR OIL cur in about equal strength, which is exactly what one would expect from Mormon's claim that both languages were used among them, but

Hittite, Arabic, and Ionian elements

UTAH OIL are not missing.

names: Aha Some Egyptian REFINING UTOCO (Eg. ("Warrior"), Giddonah COMPANY Djidewnah, i.e., Sidon), Korihor (Eg.

Herihor, Khurhor, etc.), Paanchi

68 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA (Eg. Paankhi), Pacumeni (Eg. etc., 60 would never be suspected if Kumenonhi, Kishkumen (Eg.

Pakamen, "Blind man,"a proper inserted into a list of Book of Mor- -Hitt. Kumani, an important city),

name), Laish (Eg. Leshi, "Joy"), mon names. The Book of Mormon Seantum (Eg. -Hitt. Sandon, SanAminadab (Eg. & Canaan. Aminadoes give the right type of Hebrew das), Akish (Eg.- Hitt. Akish,

thab-i), Himni (Eg. Hmn, a name name. a name of Cyprus, ) Gadiandi52 (Eg.

of the hawkgod), Zem'/f (Eg. What comes as a surprise is that for Hitt. city: Cadyanda ). Their

Znb, Snb—very common, also a number of Book of Mormon Egyptian form shows that these

Senepta), Z,emnarihah (Eg. names are possibly Hittite and some names reached the people of Lehi

Zmnha-re, the same elements in of them are undoubtedly so. Thus not directly but through normal

different order, a common Eg. while Manti suggests Eg. Monti, routes, though it has recently been

practice), Xenoch (Eg. Zenekh, Manti, Menedi, etc., it also recalls noted that some of Lehi's important

once a serpentgod), Zeezrom and the Egyptian name of a Hittite city, contemporaries in Israel were HitSeezor-am (Eg. Zozer, Zeser, etc.), Manda, and a characteristic eletites, and that Hittite settlements

Ammon (Eg. Anion, the commonment of Hurrian names -anti, -andi, and names still survived in the5 'hill

est name in the Eg. Empire and likewise fairly51 common in the Book country of Judah at that time.

also the Book of Mormon), Pachus of Mormon. So likewise Kumani, [Continued on following page)

(Eg, Paks, Pachqs), Pahoran (Eg. Paher-an, in its Canaan, form

Pahura; in Eg. as Paher-y it fittingly means "the Syrian"), Gimgimno

(Eg. Kenkeme, cf. Kipkip inNubia and Bibl. NoAmon "City of JUST OFF THE PRESS...

Amon"), Morianton (Eg. MaruAton), Sinim (Eg. Sanam, i.e. A NEW LUNDWALL BOOK!

Napata), Ziff (Eg. Sepa in its

Semit. form ), Sam ( Eg. Sam ), Ezias

(Eg. Azesha, Azizie), Kish (Eg.

Kush, Kesh, etc.), Hem (-Eg. Hem,

"Servant"). The great frequency

of the element Morin Book ofMormon proper names suits with FAmTuKfnS the fact that in the Egyptian lists of

Lieblein and Ranke the element Mr the ANCIENTS alone, alsois, next to Nfr N, B. LUNDWALL of Bookcommonest. The Mormon

names Gidgiddoni and Gidgiddonah have interesting resemblance to an

Egyptian compound meaning, acLundwall, classic N. B. by A newcording to its ending, "Thoth hath

as books of popular such author said, He shall live,"and "Thoth Temples of the Most High, Assorted hath said, She shall live"; the Book Gems of Priceless Value, The Vision,

of Mormon forms suggest "Thoth Inspired Prophetic Warnings, etc.

hath said I,"and "we, shall live"respectively/ 7 Nephi, of course, has a wealth of Egyptian possibilities. 4"Foith Like The Ancients... a compilation of statements and gospel docSince the Old Testament was trines from various authorities ond writers in the Church over a period of

available to Joseph Smith, there is editedthe lastfromone hundredmany volumesyears. ondTheseChurchwritingsperiodicalshave been Itcarefullyis a bookchosenfull andof

no point in listing Hebrew names, truth which enhances ond betters your understanding of the gospel of but their Book of Mormon forms Jesus Christ.

are significant. The strong tendency

in Book of Mormon names to end in Aah is very striking, since the SPECIALLY BOXED FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE vast majority of Hebrew names These three favorites are now pcckaged ond fectured at one low price.

way, the same endfound at Lachish OF GOLDEN NUGGETS THOUGHT ALL THREE Compiled by Ezra Marler very that iah wereindicating names

TREE A PLANTED in Lehi's day. 48 NonGODfashionable By Ora P. Stewart FOR $295 STORYTELLER'S Mattaniah SCRAPBOOKBiblical and Shallum

from Lachish suggests Book of By Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

Mormon Shelem and Mathonihah, while Hebrew names turned up on ancient jar handles from other places have a familiar Book ofMormon ring: Hezron, Mamshath, BOOKCRAFT1186 SOUTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY 4, UTAH

Ziph, Jether, Epher, Jalon, Ezer,

Menahem, Lecah, Amnon, Zoheth,

JANUARY 1950 69 LEHI IN THE DESERT {Continued from preceding page) Near East."Lehi's people, even eus"means "a Laconian"—that the

The occurrence of the names apart from their mercantile activioldest Greek traders were LaconTimothy and Lachoneus in the Book ties, could not have avoided conians, who left colonies in Cyprus ) and ofof Mormon is strictly in order. siderable contact with these people ( Book of Mormon Akish

Since the fourteenth century B.C., in Egypt and especially in Sidon, course traded with Palestine.""

at latest, Syria and Palestine had which Greek poets even in that day ( To be continued ) great world the as celebrating the were with contact in constantbeen BIBLIOGRAPHY to It is interesting trade. of center the midsince r"'and world,Aegean are PEFQ, used abbreviations (Common is an that Timothy passing note in Greek century seventh thedle of Quarterly, Exploration Fund Palestine

mercenaries and merchants, closely Ionian name, since the Greeks in BASOR, Bulletin of the American Schools bound to Egyptian interests (the Palestine were Ionians (hence the of Oriental Research, and JEA, Journal best Egyptian mercenaries were Hebrew name for Greeks: "Sons of o[ Egyptian Archaeology)

Greeks), swarmed throughout the Javanim"), and—since "Lachon- 'Wm. F. Albright, Archaeology and the

Religion of Israel (Baltimore, Johns Hopkins Press, 1942), p. 62

'Id., p. 63

'"]. Lieblein, Handel und Schiffahrt auf

dcm Rothen Mecre in Alten Zeiten (Leipzig, 1886), p. 8

Albright, loc. cit.

BH. G. Tomkins, in PEFQ. 1884, p. 54

""Though archaeological research goes back over a century in Palestine and Syria, it is only since 1920 that our material has become sufficiently extensive and clearly enough interpreted to be of really decisive value."Albright, op. cit., p. 37. We shall

treat the chronological problem in our last article. 7 T. W. Tack, "The Lachish Letters, their

Date and Import,"PEFQ 1938, p. 165

8In 1932 Mr. Kader returned to Palestine to get himself a wife. Though she

has not, like her husband, traveled in the desert, Mrs. Kader's knowledge of the

customs of Palestine is encyclopedic, and she has the uncanny memory of one who has never been handicapped with a knowledge of reading and writing.

"After they had failed in Jerusalem,

Nephi's advice to his brethren was "therefore let us go down to the land of our father's inheritance...."(I Ne. 3:16;

3:21.) "And it came to pass that we went

down to the land of our inheritance.""To

go down"in the Book of Mormon means to travel away from Jerusalem (Ibid., 4:3335), while to go up to the land"is to return to Jerusalem. (Ibid., 3:9; 7:15.) Down

and up have the same sense in Egyptian, ha meaning basically "to go down,"but when applied to travel specifically "to go to Egypt,"(A. Erman & H. Grapow,

Wortenbuch der Aegyptischen Sprache, 1928, II, 472-4); so in the Old Testament

one "goes down into Egypt,"(Gen.

12:10), and "up to Jerusalem... up out

of the land of Egypt,"(I Kings 12:28).

So the Lachish letters: "Down went the

commander.. to Egypt... "H.

Torczyner, The Lachish Letters (Oxford, by the Trustees of Sir Henry Wellcome, 1938) p. 51 (No. 3). The elevation of

Jerusalem was well appreciated by the

Jews, as was the lowness of Egypt, and this fact lies behind the use of these expressions, always correct in the Book of

Mormon. On the other hand in the Book

of Mormon one simply goes "unto"a house within the city (I Ne. 3:4, 11), so

the to down brothers "went the that when

... In the after... and inheritance of our land

artistic package fjti- a /f/ went(I Ne.up 3:22f),again untoit is theperfectlyhouse ofclearLaban"that CHOCOLATES VANILLA DARK

Creams Green Walnut Mints housetheir propertyand necessarilyincludedlay landoutsideas wellthe ascity,a attest. "up"and Custardterms "down"Raspberry Nut as Lemon

'10the ElAmarna-Tafeln Die Knudtzon, J. A. CHOCOLATES MILK for Bet- I, 872-5; 864-7, 1915) (Leipzig,

Chocolate Pecans'Vanilla Walnut Ninib, Id. II, 876-7

Chocolate Almonds Coconut Caramel GlADfc CANDY COMPANY - SALT LAKE CITt "A. Alt, "Die syrische Staatenwelt uor

70 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

dem Einbcuch der Assytec,"in Xtschr. dec Aramaic written to a Pharaoh of Egypt,":u"The language of the Pentateuch...

dt. Morgenl. Gcs. N.F. 13(88) 1934, pp. The Biblical Archaeologist XII (1949) 46cannot be explained except as a new crea247-9, cf. Wilh. Nowack, Lchrbuch dec 48, and H. L. Ginsberg, "An Aramaic tion of a common HebrewEgyptian enFlebraeischcn Archaeologie (Freiburg, Contemporary of the Lachish Letters,"vironment, when the Hebrews lived for a

1894), p. 194 BASOR 111 (1948) 2427. On absence of long period in constant and most intimate

iaThe parallel development of an original Babylonian influence, see A. S. Yahuda, contact with the Egyptians,"thus A. S.

Athens embracing many small communities The Accuracy of the Bible (London, Yahuda, The Accuracy of the Bible, xxv.

is described by G. Busolt, Die Griechischen Heinemann, 1934) p. XXIX; S. L. Caiger, See especially by the same author, "The

Staats-, Kriegs-, u. Privataltertuemer Bible and Spade (Oxford Univ., 1936) pp. Language of the Pentateuch in its Relation

(Noerdlingen, 1887), 106ff. 83f, 91f to Egyptian I"(Oxford, 1933) pp.

,:!Nowack, op. cit. p. 3001 "A. H. Sayce, "The Jerusalem Sealings XXXIIXXXV, and passim.

"In PEFQ 1938, pp. 175f on Jar Handles,"PEFQ 1927, 216f; J. G. B3W. F. Albright, "The Egyptian Em-

[*Loc. cit., cf. W. Albright, "A Brief Duncan, "Excavation of Eastern Hill of pire in Asia in the Twentyfirst Century

History of Judah from the Days of Josiah Jerusalem,"PEFQ 1925, 19f B.C."Jnl. of the Pal. Or. Soc. VIII ( 1928)

to Alexander the Great,"The Biblical:!0A. Cowley, Aramaic Papyri of the Fifth 226, 223ff, cf. Albright, "Palestine in the

Archaeologist IX (Feb. 1946), p. 4 Century B. C. (Oxford, 1923), p. 120: Earliest Historical Period,"/. Pal. Or. Soc.

"Jack, loc, cit.; for a recent summary of "Already in the days of the kings of Egypt II, HO138

fathers our built that had '""It B.C., temple in situation international cir. 600 the is often that maintained there was

.."etc. Yeb. papyri These "have of Albright the studies Jack, shed and beside no the Egyptian Empire in Asia during

see John Bright, "A New Letter in Aramaic undreamedof light on some of the darkest twelfth century... this entirely erroneous

written to a Pharaoh of Egypt,"The areas of Jewish history."Says Albright, conception... is due exclusively to lack

Biblical17 ".. Archaeologist, the artists noXIIlonger(1949)workpp. only49ff. Archaeol. & the Relig. of Is., p. 41, (Continued on following page)

for the court and the temples; they had

now to fill orders for a wealthy bourgeoisie.

..."A. Moret, Histoke de L'Orient

(Paris, Presses Universitaires, 1941) II, 727f: cf. J. Breasted, A History of Egypt

(N. Y. Scribner's, 1909), p. 548. From

663 to 539 B.C. Egypt enjoyed unbrokenpeace. Good

'"Breasted, op. cit., p. 577

'"Albright, Archaeol. & the Religion of

Israel, p. 69; Ed. Meyer, Geschichte des

Altertums (1928) II. 1.98 "E. Meyer, op. cit, 1:2, 260; 11:1, 98, Neighbor

135. The "prince kings"of Tyre and

Sidon "accumulated great wealth and could afford the benefits of Egyptian culture,"in their business of transporting the goods of the princes of Syria and Palestine, whose "figs, wine, honey, oil, fruit trees, corn and cattle,"was the source of their good neighbor. He's doing hiswealth, Georg Steindorff, Egypt, N.Y., J. You all know Joe—your

J. Augustin, 1943) p. 64. The economy of level best to bring his children up so he'll be proud of them.

isthese great Palestinian estates described Works hard 8 hours a day, but knows that his responsibility Ph. J. Baldensperger,by "The ImmovableEast,"PEFQ 1908, 290-6, and 1918, 121f doesn't end there—so he's an active head of committees in his

y'The rapidly deteriorating situation is service club, PTA and his Chamber of Commerce... gives unin Albright, Biblicaldescribed by The

2-4,Archaeologist 1516 sparingly of his time to his Community Chest. He's a blood see n. IX (1946),

above donor, too... and spends an evening or two each week work44:1-30; 43:1013; Jerem, 46:1126 his behalf church. of ing on

in 177-9 1938, "J. W. Jack, PEFQ

can all be thankful We for Joe, and the hundreds of good cit., -4Albright, op. p. 4

"'Id., p. 6. It was not until 1925 that it neighbors like him in the Intermountain West. For community

fell,"certain actuallybecame "that Tyre responsibility belongs to everyone.according to Albright, of Seal "The

Eliakim, etc."Jnl. of Biblical Literature We, too, work to make The Salt Lake TribuneTelegram

51(1932), pp. 94f a good neighbor. Publishing newspapers is our job, and we

"Jack, op. cit., p. 1 78 strive to do it as well as modern journalism knows how. But

the theory of D, ""Such was L. Risdon,

discussed Keith, Arthur by Sir "The Men we, like Joe, have always acknowledged community responsibility.

of Lachish,"PEFQ 1940, 7i That is why we do not measure in ink, newsprint, hours or

J. L. Starkey, "Lachish as Illustrating dollars our endeavors to increase the happiness, prosperity and

Bible History,"1937. 177-8, notes PEFQ wellbeing of our neighbors in the Intermountain West.

findingsfrom the "the confidence that the masses (at Lachish) had in the household We of The Salt Lake TribuneTelegram will continue to gods of Egypt,"and "the preponderance shoulder the responsibilities to the community of a good neighbor.

of Egyptian thought"in general. For evidence of strong Egyptian influence, A.

Rowe, "Excavations at Beisan..."PEFQ

1928, 73ff; R. D. Barnett, "Phoenician and

Syrian Ivory Carving,"PEFQ 1939, 4-6, noting, 7f, competition with Hittite and

GMycenaeanM. Crowfoot,influences;"TheJ. W.IvoriesCrowfootfrom&

Samaria,"PEFQ 1933, 7ff: these ivories,

found in the "palaces of the kings of

Israel"(p. 22), and carved between 885

and 705 B. C. (p. 18). all show a marked

"debt to Egypt,"as does the earlier art of s type, Solomon which seems out and ult $akz fgfctegramout Egyptian, C. Torrey, Seal "A Hebrew

from the Reign of Ahaz,"BASOR 79, 271

Military dependence on Egypt as indicated in the Lachish Letters is confirmed by a new find, J. Bright. "A New Letter in

JANUARY 1950 71 LEHI IN THE DESERT (Continued from preceding page) "The Letters of Ahmose of Peniate,"Jnl. ""The Hittite names are all treated in

of adequate excavation in Palestine and Eg. Arch. XIV, 304, line 10. To the names articles in JEA: Manda and Kumani in S.

Syria."Albright, Jnl. Pal. Or. Soc. VIII, cited by me in The Improvement Era, 51 Smith, Kizzuwadna X (1924). 133 and

227MD. G. Hogarth, "Egyptian Empire in Panepi(Apr. 1948)of thep. Greek203, mayinscriptions,be addedwhichthe Wainwright,108ff, resp.; SandonKeftiu XVIIIand Akish2729,in 43,G. 35,A.

Asia,"Journal of Egyptian Archaeology represents an original Nihpi, with a mov38, 40; Cadyanda is mentioned by La

I (1914), p. 9. Egypt's dominion in Asia able "h"according to W. Spiegelberg, Mayer and J. Garstang, XI, 24

fluctuated between second and third degree "The God Panepi,"Jnl. Eg. Arch. XII ME. O. Forrer, "The Hittites in Palesempire and nothing at all, id., pp. 1213 (1926) p. 35. The other names in the list tine,"PEFQ 1937, lOOf, 114f

cit., Lieblein, exact nature of in op. degree The be and found Ranke, Egypmay J. Pfeiffer, 54R. Greeks H. and "Hebrewstian in control in later Palestine the Dictionnaire Hieroglyphiques period de Noms Lit. Bibl. before Alexander,"LVI

still is is the disputed, in (Christiania, subject scattered throughdiscussed and 1871), F. 101; 9194, Albright, (1937), "A W.Jnl.Breasted, the History 518f, 516, out Archaeology. Egypt, Egyptian Journal of pp. of the of Mercenaries Coast Cretan on "colony

526, Letters, 529 evidently p. 9H. Torczyner, ("Solomon Lachish an was The I Pal. Soc. the Or. Jnl. of (1921) Negeb,"

... "), vassal spellingEgyptian the S. 198. following 580, are used A. and by We 187194; Milne, between "Trade G. J. in the in his his text in rather than Torczyner AncientCook History Cambridge by the before Alexander Greece Egypt and

III, list 250, 256, 295-9 257f, 261, I78f. Arch. Great,"Jnl. Eg. (1939) XXV I, cit. S. op. 1314: Macalister, Hogarth, Craftsmen's A. "The R. Egyptian of F. Influence B. Aegean "The Welch, cultural 1905, influence the of of Tudah,"Tribe active Guild "most was from PEFQ Palestine,"Civilization South on PEFQ tenththe to the 328ff. centuries seventh B. C."342ff. 1900,

civilization Speiser, to"Egyptian 51E. Introduction Hurrian, to A. one was be aped

just Lachish, of west Telel-Hesy, reAt III, admired,"says Or. Schoolsand Research Cook, Annual of of Am. CAH

at influence 700, begins and "the Greek its Lieblein, "the state C. index. D. Davidic ButEven adminisowed (1940), 257. inXX."

.. to the of the top towntrative finds continues organization 143 to largely Meere,J. Schiffarht p. Rothen Egyptian am

1900, F. Petrie, 235; D. M. in PEFQ W. in far south,models Anti and Archaeol. name in the Relig. the &

in and "Alexander Egypt Hogarth, G. Is., the 1910, p... 108;. "Albright, Forhandl. VidenskabsSelskabet writer of Aar same discussed

II Jnl. Eg. Arch. Consequences,"some it the of that 1 (Christiania, in the later weakness 1911) No. shows Egypt period

in "Egypt and the Early History of the means "incense."Other EgyptoHittite (1915) Milne, op. cit, p. 180f; Nelson

Negeb,"Jnl. Pal. Or. Soc. IV (1924) names may be found in Jnl. Eg. Arch. X, Gluek, BASOR 80 (1940) p. 3; BASOR

144ff 108ff, 113; XI, 20 (Cadyanda), 31; XVII, 83 (1941) 2529

"Though the statement seems to apply 2729, 43 (Sandon); 35, 38, 40 (Akish). reMeyer, Gd.A. 11:1, 553

to Syrians within Egypt, it illustrates the cultural contact and the cultural ascendancy of Egypt, H. Frankfort, "Egypt and Syria

in the First Intermediate Period,"Jnl. THE MISSIONARIES

Egypt Archaeol. XII (1926), 96

A. Moret. Hist, de I'Orient II, 787, cit- {Continued from page 26) either Latterday Saints or on a

ing his Ergs, des d'Ani Maximes hunger, and homesickness for the mission, but I am convinced that cit., "Meyer, op. II: 1, 132; this was under

Amenemhet III "the initiation of an attempt things that make life for the rest of greater pain comes from more into assimilate the Syrians to the Egyptians us stable and comfortable and sidious foes.

the princelythrough education of the youth secure. They cannot possibly know Most missionaries seem to comeof the Nile,"former Hogarth, on the

Jnl. Eg. Arch. I, 12 before starting forth just what from families that have an unusually

*We shall deal with Wenamon below temptations, difficulties, and hardclosely knit relationship. Separa-

"W. Albright,

Biblical Archaeologist "KingV Joiachim(Dec. 1942),in Exile,"p. 51 ships they will meet. Talking with tion from such a home, where

**CAH III, 256 returned missionaries can but give sheltering love has encompassed

Meyer, op. cit., 1:2, 156 faint indication of what may be them from birth, is not easy. Neither

only other note 20 above. See The source ahead; for one thing, conditions is the absence of the expression of in Israel greatof wealth would be moneychanging or banking, but to engage in that vary in different parts of the close human affection to which they

Lehi would have to have lived in the city country and the world, and no two have been accustomed. It is all

itself, did not (above, he which n. 9).

cit., 1:2, op. contact missions are alike. Circumstances part of the security and happiness, 45Meyer, 297. The

of the two languages produced the phenomvary with each missionary who sets along with music and books and ena which are the subject of W. F. Alforth; for another thing, certain dates and sports, that they have left

bright, Vocalization Egyptian of The

Syllabic Haven, Orthography Am. conditions of living, certain rebuffs behind them. At times the tug (New

Or. Soc, 1934) and frustrations are infinitely more of everything represented by the

"Yahuda, Language of the Pentateuch, trying and exhausting for some than word "home"is not easy to withetc., of the p. 51. This double usage word for others. If a new missionary stand. Then, too, there is a new in does nor occur Hebrew,"language"

and its frequent occurrence in the Book of kneels in prayer at the sacrament discipline and a new arduousness to is plain indication that EgyptianMormon of the meeting on Sunday with strain life. There is constant study, all not is the language Hebrewand

plates. showing in his face and voice and along one line.

1:2 clause in '"The which begins Ne. his foreof perspiration drops on They

of not consist "does"which I... is there an must refer head, you may be sure learn—thatlearn, finally,therewhatare wemanyall '"father,"of course, or to "language"back

but to "record."The other two are inner cry for strength going up that things that cannot be evaluated in

syntactically possible but don't make sense: is desperate and real. If these definite terms, and that this is

consist not of a language, does languagea sentence does. a recordbut The is awksensitive boys can be made strong especially true in the matter of

ward English, but like hundreds in the in the Lord their God, as they can Christian influence; that where one

Book of Mormon is a perfect parallel to be, they in turn will be especially sows another reaps is just as much construction. familiar Semitic halthe The cognizant of the needs of others. a fact today as in the days of Paul. in almost constructionordinary any ancient

classical language would be "I make an Growth comes to these missionaries With some people God seems to inthe-languageof-myfather record, which in hard and proving ways. Some work slowly—with others it is asconsists, etc."

"Hermann Ranke, Die aegyptischen Permay suffer from the rudeness, the if an instant miracle came to pass.

soennamen (Hamburg, 1934) 412, Nos. 8 bitterness, the lack of comprehenWith some, only a light veil seems

9and truth the to part of those meet they and them between come sion on the heretofore is Nfy, noted borne by 48Not it is others, as if reasons are of the they concerning God. With why Glanville, S.K.R. captain, Egyptianan

72 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA a heavy curtain hung before their a powerful sense of steadiness is lightning or touches of soft and faces, making them wish that they given to us in the knowledge that tender color. So it is with these

could take it in their hands and rend we have eternity both behind and missionaries. In them the sunshine

it asunder. before us—that we are in the midst of joy and the shadows of suffering,

We realize that against the backof a great, sweeping portion of time. and the qualities of humility and

ground of eternity our span of life This, then, is a glimpse, almost a utter sureness of faith, of gentlehere is exceedingly short. That composite picture as it were, of ness and a strength that is powerfact on the one hand makes for tresome twenty missionaries of a great ful, are intermingled. Along with

mendous urgency—on the other, and living church. More of gaiety, a passion for the Lord their God

for great patience. Somewhere bemore of charm should have played they have compassionate love for

tween, the balance must be mainthrough the sentences I have writall his children. Our hearts are

tained. If God directs and guides ten. Against the beauty of the sky grateful for these our brothers in

us in all our ways, it will be. What at sunset one often sees flashes of Christ.

JOSEPHINE DONNA SMITH—INA COOLBRITH

{Continued from page 27) beautiful lyrical poetry, and to kind1924. She was twice elected to

California. Their guide over the ly and quietly advising and helping write a commencement poem for the

high Sierras was the famous westothers. She was of that reserved University of California. When

ern Indian Scout, James Beckwith, or New England type that does not Whittier published his Songs of as some California historians'prewaste words. She refused to talk Three Centuries, he included her

fer to spell it, Beckwourth. He led of herself or her work. Her poems, poem, "When the Grass Shall

them over a pass discovered and her constant kindness and helpfulCover Me."Later he found that

explored by him which still bears ness, her beauty and majestic apIna Coolbrith was the author and his name. Their train is said to pearance spoke for her and insured invited her to visit him in New Enghave been the first to travel over her advancement. land.

this pass, which lies north of the She taught school for a time. She Professor Charles Phillips of

present main highway, from Reno was librarian in the Oakland city Notre Dame University, after her to Sacramento, and appears on road library for eighteen years and asdeath, published a small volume of maps of California as Beckwourth sisted and encouraged many young her poems. He said she was a true

Pass. people to read good books and build artist—a true poet, who accepted

As they crossed the divide and good character. her talents as Godgiven and used

came in sight of Sacramento valley, In San Francisco her home bethem delicately and purposefully.

the poetic Beckwith placed the came the gathering place of poets He praised the beauty of two groups goldenhaired Ina on the horse in and authors, educators and scienof her poems, Wings of the Mornfront of him, so that she might be tists, not only from California, but ing and Songs of the Golden Gate.

the first white person to enter also from all over the globe. She During the Panama Pacific ExpoCalifornia over this pass. Then, as was an editor of the Overland sition in San Francisco in 1915, she

they gazed at the distant valley of Monthly. She was the close assowas elected president of the Interthe Golden state, he said: "There, ciate and adviser of those who made national Congress of Authors and

little girl, lies your kingdom/'the Golden Age of California literaWriters, which she had been

How prophetic were his words! ture, such as Bret Harte, Mark organizing for four years, and durDid he know that this small, penniTwain, Joaquin Miller, C. W. Stoding that congress she was formally

less girl, entering the Golden State, dard, John Muir, Prentice Mulford, crowned with laurel, as were the practically as an exile, was destined Jack London. State and city offiGreek heroes of old, by the famous

to become a highly honored lady cials came to her evening assemblies. Benjamin Ide Wheeler, president

of California? She was elected to membership in of the University of California. The

Ina Coolbrith remained with her many exclusive clubs and societies. state legislature had elected her

family for a time at Marysville, One of these was the Society of poet laureate of California—the first

along the Sacramento River, about Authors and Journalists of London, time in American history that the forty miles north of Sacramento. England. title of poet laureate was conferred

After one year they removed to In the 1906 earthquake and fire, on any person. She was then

the village of Los Angeles, now her home was destroyed, and with seventyfour.

the great southern metropolis, and it many of her manuscript poems She passed away on February lived in an adobe cottage, shaded and her unpublished History of 29, 1928. After her decease, the

by Peruvian pepper trees. Western Literature. Many pricelegislature of California honored

She grew to be a tall, slender, less mementos were burned, such her memory by naming a prominent beautiful woman. After a short as letters from Tennyson, Whittier, peak in the high Sierras, six miles

marriage and the death of her only and other noted authors and statessouth of where she entered Calichild, she went north and estabmen. She did not let this discourfornia, Mount Ina Coolbrith.

lished herself in San Francisco. She age her; she went right on with J. Winter Smith, a grandson of

had lost a wonderful father, a kind her work. the Prophet's brother, Samuel Harstepfather, and her only child. In Mills College conferred the derison Smith, is vice president of

her grief she turned to writing gree of Master of Arts on her in (Concluded on following page)

JANUARY 1950 73 JOSEPHINE DONNA SMITH—INA COOIBRITH

(Concluded from preceding page) Samuel H. Smith, and both married Life is not ours to shame nor ours

the Ina Coolbrith Circle, an associabrothers of the Prophet. Mary to play,

tion of authors who organized in Bailey married Samuel H. Smith Not ours in idle ease to dream

her honor and now meet monthly who has many descendants in the away;

in the Sutro Library, San Francisco. Church today.

He is a grandson of Mary Bailey, A verse by Ina Coolbrith enBut ours for whatsoever work God the close friend of Agnes Coolbrith. titled, "Life's Purpose,"sums up sends,

Both of these girls were baptized by her philosophy: For faithful service unto noble ends.

{Continued from page 35) I am now enjoying good health, the Church leaders had to meet MISSION TO POLYNESIA but when I boarded with Brother Linevery day. Could he have in set a table coln at Papeete he good daily prayer, and I will not cease fully my these style. things, understood he would food American most The was

till I see them.

have understood why so few letters foreign. I enjoyed my food least

I while there than portion have anycame. following orThe day Addison

I of left time since Native home. Tahiti, In again Addison went ganized a of at the branch Church better. far agrees food with While me to in earnest, to determined work Tiarai priest a ordained and and I there troubled with I was was much free to every the devote minute deacons. two branch was The I lost indigestion heartburn, and and until of preaching the gospel a of twentysix All persons. up I made it flesh, again. gaining but am now could secured, passage be but home this of in little accomplished work to was needs him make man How

he was able to accomplish little spite of the fact that a "continual more happy, when he once knows it, because of the war still in progress stream of evil reports"against the than he can be with much. While

between the French and the natives. Church continued to pour in to the there a mahogany table was spread

October passed, and November and island through American newswith every necessary dish filled with

December. On January 1, 1847, papers. Commenting on his health various kinds of meat, puddings, cakes,

the natives of the island began and general situation during this pies, and sweet meats; but my appetite

that times I could so poor their many In arms. laying down an period, Addison wrote: was

But of it. the table to taste to not go ofaddress to a large them number

assembled in front of the council here a knife, fork, and spoon with house, the French governor promsome coconut shells on some leaves is in place of a ised that the natives would be free Evidences and Reconciliations spread on the hay that to embrace the religion of their (Concluded from page 42) ture.floor composes my whole table furnichoice and that he would protect The relative location of Indepenthem from persecution from any dence and that of Adamondi-AhThere seemed to be no question

source. Immediately afterwards man corroborate the Bible. After in Addison's mind as to where he

natives from several parts of the the socalled "Fall,"Adam and Eve should return. Since many of

island invited Addison to preach were driven out of the garden and the Saints, he had learned, were flamingto sword "placed at the them. East left for a that 9 he January "California"On he concluded 9 in

to keep the the tree of life."the district, Tiarai way of forty miles east his family there. he must look for

of Papeete. There he stayed most Apparently Adam and Eve entered So when an opportunity arose to

of the month, made many friends, the country east of the garden. sail for Hawaii and perhaps to San

and baptized more natives into the Now Adamondi-Ahman is about Francisco, he eagerly accepted it.

fold. seventy miles northeast of the city The captain was his old friend,

On February 6, he wrote: of Independence. If our first proSajot, with whom he had sailed in

genitors settled at Adamondi- the boat the islands. was The This is the birthday dear of my than Ahman, it is more fifty the passage likely that Providence, wasdaughter, Ellen is Sophronia. This

her fourth birthday that has passed the people as they increased settled dollars to Hawaii. Fourteen peraway since I saw her last, nor have along the course of the Mississippi sons made up the party. The cap-

I had word from her since August basin. Noah probably built the Ark tain, two mates, an Englishman, an

1844 and whether she or any of the near the river. When the flood Italian, two Sandwich Islanders,

other members of my family are now came, it floated easily into the ocean, and two Tuamotu natives comliving is all unknown to me. By the to the Asiatic continent where Noah prised the crew. There were five

last accounts from Nauvoo, a part of and his family began again the passengers. Most of the day of

the Church had been butchered, and work commenced by Adam. the 28th of March, 1847, the party

restthe flee obliged to to Caliwere Smith final Joseph probably gave ship, waiting the spent board on it, Ifornia safety. to part hear, of A to the answer question concerning o'clock three for wind. favorable At

there; arrivedhas but whether my the location of the of Eden. Garden the the from in the wind afternoon fatherless familypoor are them among Scientific are in divided their men breeze brisk land a ceased, ocean I theor not as knows, and Lord have

opinion as to where the human race came up, and the Providence sailedtrusted them in his hands I will try to be reconciled. But my heart aches began; but their increasing evidence out through the pass in the reef.

at the thought of their probable situseems to lean towards America, as Addison was at last on his way

A. W. home. \!ation, and may he soon open the way revealed to Joseph Smith.—/.

that I may be on my way to them is;l G':nesis 3:24 { To be continued)

7* THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Handout Diet (Continued from page 37)!] superior to pasteurized milk, raw NU W'

milk from an unknown or quesBOARD—TILE—PLANK

tionable source should not be used. The same applies to KOLOR FAST TAN

cheeses. Milk products from

cows fed on fresh pasturage are AND best.

STALITE GRAINS: Whole grainWHOLE

bread and cereals should be used exclusively. White flour is the Just what you need to furnish that room in the attic or remodel

endproduct after having milled the basement for a Rumpus Room.

out of the wheat berry virtually all of its vitamin, mineral, and SEE YOUR FRIENDLY LUMBER DEALER superior protein content, as well He will be pleased to help you with all the details.

as its roughage. All of these

for are adequate most necessary

CITY LAKE 3-2611 TM6 MARK 0 MORRISONMERRILL & CO SALTDIAL nutrition, since especially nearly ilM of national dietary our PHONE 50% MiTIeERROCKPAFEft PRODUCTS BUILDING MATERIAL DISTRIBUTORS 1ENO.CATELLOJDi NEVADA FORPURPOSES grain products. IBULONC from comes ('En- 1 3-3194 OlAt 334 I

REL.IABIL.ITY flour riched'is not a substitute.)

For best results whole grain flour should be used within fortyeight hours after it is ground. It should

be fresh. What has been said

about the wheat pertains also to other grains. Homesize flour

mills are now available.

MEATS: These should be used

sparingly, especially during the warm months of the year. As a

rule, the organs (such as the liver), are superior to the ordinary muscle cuts of the animal, 'i he fresh product is best. Frozen

products are preferable to processed and canned meats. Usually meat is better broiled than

fried. FISH is a desirable meat

food. NUT MEATS and NUT

BUTTERS likewise are desirable. Vegetable proteins—-peas,

lentils, beans, and especially soy beans are excellent protein foods.

Protein must be eaten daily for body building.

Since 1892 TOTAL ABSTINENCE from alcoholic beverages, caffeinated (including all cola beverages FIFTY IlM USE for OVER YEARS WECOMPLETEOFFER... of in treatment Canker, simple A too Aids tobacco cannot drinks) and

strongly be urged. And in light sore throat and other minor moxith ENGRAVINGFrom MissionarySERVICEPortraits to the Largest

of recent nutritional research we and throat irritations. Catalogues.Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention

may well include many highly CO. in this refined food products

Utah same HALLSSalt Lake REMEDYCity, Utah 113 RegentUTAHSt.ENGRAVINGSalt Lake City, category. foods Highly seasoned

also should be avoided.

The foregoing diet may be adjusted to the needs of almost all For Your Reading Pleasure patients. For example, 'for those Each Month of the Year

requiring a "smooth"diet, (tempoTHE IMPROVEMENT ERA 12 Issues, $2.50

(Concluded on following page) JANUARY 1950 75 THE HANDOUT WET {Continued from preceding page) The Word of Wisdom, Dr. John A. J. R. Davidson, M.D., University of

rarily or more permanently), one of & Leah D. Widtsoe Manitoba, Medical School

** Uterine In Deficiency* Thiamine the Future Education of Science and liquefiers the be on marketthe may A. Ernest Ayre & Cancer***, W. Carlson, A. M.D. Man, J. triturate before foods to finely Hospital,used Victoria RoyalJ. Bauld, G. Flour, of Dakota North Bleaching

... University, Montreal vegetables, McGill as suchserving 72, Bulletin No. College Agricultural in Carbamide and Vitamin F meats,fruits, nuts, even and Stallings, B.S., R. E. F. Lad, E. & by Lee, Royal Metabolism, Calcium or these served be rawwhether MA. D.D.S.

cooked. Incidentally, these lique- "Vitamins and Deficiency Diseases "Quotations on Vitamins"from the

fiers are most useful in preparing of the Alimentary Tract,"Edward A. U. S. Dept. of Agriculture Yearbook

in Journal M.D., Johnston, of for NutriFoundation 1939, Lee the for it to possible foods, makingbaby Proctology College American of tional Research in foods canned fromget away * * Health. Nutrition Foundation And Soil: of Maintenance of A

is as diet. a financial Thisbaby's Cyril Supervisor Block, Farm WilYerkes, its P. to Heart Relation Arnold

well as a nutritional advantage. liam Carter, Dept. of Biochemistry, Practice Research, International HarFor the "reducing"diet, skim Oxford University vester Company

in Malnutrition, Conclusions Recent E, August Vitamin Need Why We cheese bemilk and cottage may Lee, D.D.S. Royal Ph.D. Pacim, milk instead of wholeprescribed L. Stamfor Vitamins, Need The Hypovitaminosis, J. Lithogenesis and

and cream cheeses. The intake of W. J. McCormick, M.D., Toronto, boosky.

grain products may be adjusted to Canada Current Thinking on Nutrition,

F.A.- B.A., M.D., Forman, Jonathan Vitamin Relation on Abstracts of such allowance, andthe caloric

Journal, State Medical C.A., Ohio Lee to Heart Disease, Deficiencies raisins, figs, dates, as nuts,products 1945 Research, Nutritional for Foundation

etc., and honey, be curtailed. SimiMilwaukee, Wisconsin "Fundamentals of Nutrition for

lar restrictions may be made for Calcium, Wm. A. Albrecht, UniPhysicians and Dentists,"N. Philip

the "diabetic"diet. Adjustments versity of Missouri, College of AgriNorman, M.D., American Journal of

Surgery. Oral and Orthodontics culture the direction meet oppositein the

'1947. November, Oil, Germ Vitamin vs Wheat E Diet. Caloric of the "Highneeds AlDisease,"Dental and "Nutrition Levin, Ezra MA. in result will adjustmentsSimilar Annals D.D.S., of lison G. James, Rorty, Food, Jos. Advertising and

the "high protein"diet, the "low "Nutrition in Review"Western Medicine & Surgery, Sepprotein"diet, etc. Foods to which Natural vs. Artificial Nitrates, Sir tember, 1947 Mur- A. E. Food, in our Vitamines Howard, CLE., MA.the individual is allergic are to be Albert Missouri, Columof University Rev. Henry neek. for Thought, Food

avoided, but should on occasion be Retzek bia tried again, especially after folThe Physiology of Vitamins A and Using Whole Grains in Family lowing this diet. Allergies may, E, Royal Lee. D.D.S. Meals, Flora L. Carl & Letha K.

in Jopling Recurrence Prevention of The is the body do, change whenand Widtsoe D. to be Well, Leah Quigley. M.D. How Ulcer, T. D. Peptic is It thought nourished.properly L. Rodale Hunzas, J. The Healthy Deficiency, Nutritional Cancer: A prescriptions dietary.that but few

cannot be met by the use—with

diet, and the "handout"cated—ofnecessary modifications as indiis its true and TWENTY YEARS IN THE CZECH0S10VAKIAN MISSIONthat its simplicity

greatest value. (Continued from page 33) Christ of Latterday Saints mission in

night said Wednesday Czechoslovakia is it the "handfelt that Finally, disin Czechoslovakia was message missionaries American eleven Mormon if perma- a as diet, adoptedout"annivertwentieth the cussed. Of country of the out by ordered been have will regimen, dietary of patternnent Toronto President government since May, sary meetings, the Communistled

go far toward not only restoring said: five of them in recent days.

a state of good health in the indiSix already have gone. The other five

vidual, but protecting and preserv- I do not recall in my experience in are still in the country awaiting a decision ing it as well. Czechoslovakia that we have ever had on their appeal to the minister of the

a richer outpouring of the Spirit of the interior.

BIBLIOGRAPHY Lord.all whoIt hadwas thetrulyopportunitya gloriousto timeparticifor Five days later, the United Press

Nutrition & Physical Degeneration, pate.

said: Price, D.D.S. A.Weston then there a Even was shadow F. D. Malnutrition, National The 21: Czech The November PRAGUE, in the to things of background come F.A.C.S.Quigley, M.D., four Amerimore expelled has government

for the missionaries Qualities laboring Nutritional of The Special missionaries, ToronWallace in can Mormon

, Lee, D.D.S. Royal & Foods,Natural Czechoslovakia. recently, More disclosed here the mission of to, president

Jerome S. Stolzoff newspaper clippings have brought Monday.

Blood the Forms Discussion of of A the to ten the to of missionaries these of Morwelfare brought number That D.D.S., Lee, & RoyalCalcium, Wm.

last since spring. Twentyousted mons the the of minds Church memberHanson

remain. one Harold generally. Vitamin ship Survey of F.,A. A

B.S.,Arlenfein, MA. Press, in a news The Associated of President David O. McKay Health, T. Wrench. of The Wheel dated Prague, dispatch November immediatethe First Presidency wasM.D.

16, reported: Sherman Health, Henry C. & Food ly as these news disinformed

S. Robert Alcohol?, Price What

the teletypes. patches came from On president of the Church of Jesus TheCarroll, M.D.

76 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA a.

seeing the Associated Press report, partially printed above, he said:

with an eye toward thefuture Owing to the misunderstanding on thepart of some officers of the true purpose we're proud to announce of the missionaries in Czechoslovakia, two or three of our elders have had their applications refused for renewal on their permits to remain in the country. However, several missionaries have received WINTER TERM

permits valid to 1951, and others have The Winter Term at L.D.S. begins Janubeen given temporary permits until perary 3, 1950. Keep that date in mind bemanent ones can be issued. Our missioncause many new classes will be offered

aries are instructed to take no part in you then. Classes such as:

political controversies. Shorthand... beginning, intermediate,

Write or call for further advanced

After reading the later dispatch, information Accounting... beginning, intermediate,

he said: Economicsadvanced

Because of the difficulty in getting anyYou may register for either day or evening classes the week of January 3-7.

thing out of Prague, we have not sufficient data on which to base any decision until further information is received. BUSINESS COLLEGE

70 North Main Salt Lake City On December 18, the Associated L. D. S.

Press reported from Prague the L.D.S. training doesn't cost it pays

"expulsion"of the twelfth L. D. S.

missionary.

Be Your Own Understanding Youth MUSIC (Continued from page 29) Teacherwith other youths, driving a car, Learn at Home and taking care of finances and by wonderful improved methhandling all preparations and arod.child Simplecan learnas A.it.B. C.—Your

of real selecrangements. He may want to launch tionslessonsinsteadconsistof tiresome

out into business ventures, with litercises. When you finish oneexof delightfully these lessors easy you've a new

tle or no experience. "piece"to may fail your list. notes, read You He "numbers"

is trick music. so Method of thorough our too—nothataddedsome in orfinancially, accrues but the value students are 850,000 band orchestra and LEADERS.

is in print Everything pictures. First and told you are

to do. picture Then to a shows you how dothe experience gained. The soliHOW LONG HAS what

it yourself Then you do spirit the of cooperativedarity it. and

playing popular you be may and hearpieces—you'llit. In a fewbeshortthe monthslife of the while the party. disrupted is oftenfamily

adolescent is in this phase of his Free Print and Picture Sample development. He wants to "strike IT BEEN? You may readily become a fine player through the U.S.

out"on his own, and sometimes no andSchoolFreehome Printstudy andmethod.PictureMailSample.coupon for Free Book

amount of parental persuasion will Please mention your favorite instrument.

U. S. FREE MUSIC SCHOOL OF him.prevent long I\l. Yes, has it been Bldg., since 2251 Brunswick how Y. you 10, l\l. Y. BOOKLET

to insurance reviewed find your out of enjoying family outInstead to if you rebuild have enough or U. S. School of Music, Bldg., Brunswick 2251

ings as in childhood, boys and girls replace in case of loss? Ask your local N. Y. 10, N. Y.

in music study, I am interested inparticularly in the below. checkedwill often prefer to be with their coverageKOLOB AGENTto see todayif youto haveanalyzeenoughyour strument Please illussend your free

booklet, to Learn "How protection to meet today's increased trated Music at Home,"andfriends. The family car, which formthe free Print and Picture Sample. values.

erly meant a drive for all members Piano Piano Accordion Tenor Banjo of the household on a Saturday GuitarHawaiian Guitar SaxophoneTrumpet, Cornet Moderntary HarmonyElemenafternoon, may leave the premises Violin Reed Organ Clarinet minus the adolescents. Parents need Name

to prepare themselves for this and (PLEASE PRINT) accept with as much poise as pos- A GENERAL INSURANCE AGENCY Street sible the fact that at times Jane 330 Judge FrankBldg. Salisbury, Mgr.Salt Lake City City State

and Jimmy actually prefer the companionship of their teenage friends.

parare the vulnerable parentsThe HOTEL LANKERSHIM theties in this instance 7th because of ft BROADWAY WEDDINGS BANQUETS

ALL SIZE PARTIES habitual attitude of having their ROOMS WITH offspring within arm's reach. The supper rooms GOOD FOOD

twinges of pain, disappointment, or:;: LOS ANGELES MA'S & PA'S PLACE

alarm which the parent first feels 'TWO PERSONS OHI CHARGED OgdenSalt Lake Highway

U.S. 91 PHONE 2-0824

(Continued on following page) JANUARY 1950 77

UNDERSTANDING YOUTH

( Concluded from preceding page Associations are planned with the helps to foster maturity; it is the

should be salved over with new needs of youth in mind, and the acwise father who gives and expects interests; and when the personally tivities are wholesome and efficaresponsibility. Parents must learn

satisfying childhood dependence is cious in socializing the maturing to stand aside, allow mistakes to be no longer called upon, the underindividual. made without repeated reference to

standing parent will have some hobLast, the adolescent "must effect them. One adolescent girl stated

by or longdeferred activity in an integration in his personality for to a counselor that she was thrilled which to busy himself. Parents mature responsibility."The inteto be asked to choose her own bedmay cling to their children too long gration mentioned actually has to room decorations and furnishings:

and hamper the personal developbe effected by the youth himself, "I was hasty in some decisions ment so needed for successful adultthat is, unless his efforts are hampabout color schemes, and I learned hood. Dr. Reynold Jensen, famous ered by too much parental help. more, living in that room, than if it

there psychiatrist, sayschild inbest arranged by the been through zeal and had mothers, is Many "holds parent trouble if theusually I city. in the terior decorator... success, their children's desire for

the child too close, too tight, too overemphasize routine matters. An suppose everything, even wallpaper,

long."instance of this is the mother who needs some forethought and planThe third concept,—that of bringassumes the responsibility herself ning!"Adult integration was takrelationship satisfactory aing about opportuthe without place, ing but eighteenyear-old getting an of

: also finds sex, opposite thewith about. could have nity come it never of bed and to a col- I young man out

picture. in fears the parentalsome forthen, that patience, lege class on time. An exhausting We see girls the given should beBoys and exasperation, pleading, amusement, and urg-!I bearance, ritual of calling,

with one to mix sociallyopportunity go routine. these and more into the morning goes ing enthusiasm—all wellandanother in wellplanned adolestoward adult respon- j into our attitudes assume he ever Willsupervised dances, parties and sibility if someone else never fails | cent youth. If, on personal examfor settingsentertainments. The

I that have If it recognize ination, we mothers would for to him? we do

fairly well contacts can bethese accept- I than condemnation the girls to more accept boys allow and institureligious ourprovided by ourselves. at look let us i ance, We the simple doing challenge, day's by to if alert the are tions, they yet and we man, young each love once, calling of much them task youth. of Sundayneeds The yet him, we condemn fear him; we avoided. irritation be would offer comof ourSchools Church

prehensive classes with course conadmire him. Let us give him the

is, tent geared to the modern concepts HpHE confidence of the father in a chance to become an adult. He

of youth. The Mutual Improvement youth is another factor which after all, the hope of the future.

THIS TIME—OR NEVER

(Continued from page 25) had a special medal struck for the stream three times before he could a veteran of thirtythree months'youth. It was presented during manage to reach and rescue the

service in the Pacific during the last ceremonies planned for the occadrowning man,"he said.

war. "I have never seen a narsion. Additional honor came in the

rower escape or a more thrilling "The more than eleven thousand form of a commendation from Presirescue,"he said. Scouts and Scouters of the Salt dent George Albert Smith: "We

Because Wayne was a Scout, Lake Council salute Explorer are proud whenever our boys do a word of the rescue soon reached Wayne Freckleton,"said D. E. thing of this kind and are grateful

the National Council, Boy Scouts Hammond, Scout Executive, when that Wayne succeeded and that a of America. They investigated. he first received word that the life was not lost.

They found that this was one of honor had come to the local Scout. "The training that is given in

the bravest rescues recorded in all "He has brought honor and distincscouting is intended to qualify our the annals of scouting. tion to Utah through this act of young men for performing just such

In thirtynine years the National great heroism shown in the thrilling heroic acts and always to BE PRECouncil had awarded only four rescue. His Scout pals and friends PARED whenever an emergency

Gold Medals with Crossed Palms. enthusiastically and admiringly conarises."

They decided to give the fifth one gratulate him for this achievement. Wayne gives this Boy Scout

to Wayne. The award was preWe congratulate his parents. He training full credit for his success

sented to Wayne in behalf of the truly lived up to the tenth Scout in the rescue effort. He started in

National Court of Honor by Elder law. the program as a tenderfoot at the

Ezra Taft Benson of the Council "In spite of fear, for surely he age of twelve, became progressively of the Twelve, at the annual meetmust have faced the danger of the a second class, first class, star, and ing of the Salt Lake Council. treacherous river with penetrating life Scout. At the present time

Shortly after the rescue, Mayor fear, he had the courage and trainhe has thirteen merit badges, inEarl J. Glade of Salt Lake City ing to plunge into this onrushing cluding ten of the required ones for

78 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

the eagle badge, and he is still working to attain that rank.

In the Exploring program he has The Hammond Organ Will Give reached the rank of Woodsman. He

is'active in the leadership of scoutYour Chapel The Music of ing in the Edison Ward of the Pioneer Stake. Cathedral Quality

Hunting, fishing, and chess are the principal hobbies of this young m*<- That is one of the many reasons why so man. He owns a shotgun, a deer many L.D.S. Wards are enjoying their

rifle, and his father says he owns, If Hammond. Other reasons are:

by virtue of possession most of the The only organ in the World you never need to tune.

time, the family.22. He has a Cost of upkeep is very small.complete fishing outfit and loves

fishing as much as hunting. Can be placed anywhere and moved at will.

While the saving of a life was the Easy to play.

important phase of this incident, as Costs less than any comparable organ.

also was the act of bravery demonWrite us or call in for full information strated in the rescue, the national recognition received by the young - GLEN BROS. significant. is alsoman from Utah

SALT LAKE CITY Established 1907MUSIC CO.OGDENThe citation written by the worldfamous men on the National Court

of Honor is something of which all members of his state and Church can be proud.

Because only five Scouts in fifteen IMMEDIATE DEUVERY1SEE IT TODAY!

million have been awarded thismedal, Wayne became not only one THE NEW DODGE WAYFARER in a million but literally one in three million when the Gold Medal with

Crossed Palms was pinned on him by Elder Benson.

What Shall I Talk About?

(Concluded from page 17) sermon in sacrament meeting, we'll 6-PASSENGER SEDAN probably have time to trace its enDo not be satisfied with just a look. Take a drive in the sensational

tire history as the instrument of car everyone is talking about.

God's authority here on earth. But DELIVERED IN SALT LAKE CITY FOR ONLY

if we're giving a twoand-onehalf talkminute School, such in Sunday $196950 topica be impossible. would We

should have to limit it to one smallphase of the subject, such as a Lyman Motor Co., Inc.

description of the restoration to 6th South and Main Streets 4-848T

Joseph Smith.

In choosing a topic we must consider the occasion which on we finalare to speak. quesAnd the PROFITABLE DAYS WANTTO STOP SMOKING?

tion we should ask ourselves is, AHEAD FOR NicoStop, new medical discovery, will help you "Is my subject in good taste?"stopfew dropsthe tobaccoon the habit.tongue Pleasantrelieves tasting.craving ATA

starts clearing of system the accumand ONCE possible best the topic Choosing physicians. ulated poisons. tobacco Prescribed by QUISH

less Priced at than the of weeks'cost a fewis the important part an of speech smoking. stores guarantee. Moneyback drug At GRADUATES

St. or write Co., Sales to Box NicoStop 193, It isprocess. in a factor powerful Capitalize on QUISH Calif. Helena,

You'll now! be a it failure. successour or But is competenttraining beautician when NICOSTOPnot the simple process that many graduated.vides you withQUISHtechnicalproit 193, NICOSTOP, CALIF. BOX ST. HELENA,people think and knowledge gained must conENROLL is. We

in 25 further Please SEND information FOR about Nicosend me interests trainsider our and own NOW FREEskill Stop. TODAY1 year3.CATALOG

ing, beliefs, interests, training, and Name objectives of our listeners, as well as the time limits, purpose, and Address atmosphere of the occasion. City State.

JANUARY 1950 79.

<-">V?. Itt v-'x,.)

"Speak the Speech"ADDRESSES OF L.D.S. SERVICEMEN'S HOMES AwToTHiNG reflects one's culture quite so readily as the

St., 1104 Cor. 24th 24th Diego, Calif. "C,"San & the voice language one express uses to one uses—and St., Calif. Marysville, "F"one's ideas. the long pro615 massacre Not word ago was

So. Beretania 1594 St., Honolulu, T.H. ere as if the with nounced free. This rhymed the word word

and sepulchre and theatre—if it is spelled that way—are all

pronounced as if they were spelled er. M. C. J.

November 15, 1949 THE LIGHT TOUCH

Salt Lake City, Utah A disgruntled schoolteacher resigned after making this

Dear Editors: comment: "In public schools today the teacher is afraid of

[y foster son, Eagle Scout Don Lee, and I wish to thank the principal; the principals are afraid of the superintendents;

you for allowing space in the October Era for the story the superintendents are afraid of the school board; the boards

the afraid of the parents; parents are afraid of the children; I are "The His Summit Goal"Green. Forace Also by Was

of the children are afraid and nobody."to letter wish a quote from received from Mrs. by Leon Don

D. King, Ogden, Utah. "The South Ogden Stake is presenting its festival of 4th. speech the evening December One of Imitation is the sincerest form<.? of robbery. the features this festival of will of the retelling be your

it story, as in the appeared October Era."follows Then trouble with The a man has an open mind is that who

for an invitation the myself present at to be and Don doesn't usually festival he a closed keep mouth. to which do. hope we

other's and I shared each Lee joys have Don and sorrows is successful glaring author can mistakes make one who A

I for years, able to hope carry and to be many on and in to cause thereby and usage. grammar them come into good

help this boy until he becomes selfsustaining and can lead a happy normal life.

to the out old "straightand-narrow widen way A good people Anna Rosenkilde path"be for more to walk would on it.

Don't keep telling the lady you are unworthy of her. Let

-t>.-. -I of Marjoriethe Era Somerseditorial Scheuerstaff the haserrorcalledin theto spellingthe attentionof her it be a complete surprise.

name in the November issue. Her contribution was the The absentminded professor's physician advised him to

lovely and stirring poem "Michelangelo"which was featured "look out for yourself."So each day the professor went

as a frontispiece. We are deeply regretful that this error to the window at about four o'clock and looked out, because

occurred. he usually came home about that time.

RECREATIONAL SONGS READY FOR CHURCH USE

How delightful and essential to have a recreational songbook that will the more than two hundred songs included in it. The book fills a longbring variety and fun to the auxiliary organizations of the Church! On felt need in the Church. Fun and opportunity for the development of

October 19, 1949, in Barratt Hall, the new "Recreational Songs"was introimaginative play can take place in a thoroughly cultured manner. Elder

duced to the field in a thrilling manner by J. Spencer Cornwall, who has Cornwall showed how the songs could be used dramatically, combining

done a tremendous job in gathering, editing, harmonizing, and presenting the effective use of community singing and solo, duet, or quartet work, using costume effects to enhance the interest.

"Recreational Songs"includes almost any known variety of song; for instance, there are

folk songs from Czechoslovakia, Denmark,

England, France, Germany, Hawaii, Ireland,

Italy, Holland, Russia, Sweden, Scotland, Spain,

Mexico, Switzerland, and Wales, as well as

Western and Negro folk songs; there are also

songs for Christmas, songs of master composers, favorite old songs, Gilbert and Sullivan airs; there are, moreover, nonsense songs,

barber shop songs, and songs that particularly lend themselves to community singing; there

are in addition pioneer songs and M.I.A.

songs. And in each of these classifications

there is infinite variety of the kind of song—

and with imagination the music director can make this book the basis for many stirring experiences to him for leadership.—M.in the lives ofC. thoseJ. who come

Tlow y&jcvL

io OIL

80 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Don't Stall - S TART! with

PHILLIPS 66

..Steppedup Volatility means faster warmup

long mileage... less wasted gas!

WinterBlended Phillips 66 Gasoline is blended differently for cold weather. It's "pepped up"

by adding more of the valuable highvolatility elements your car needs for winter driving.

These highvolatility elements assure faster warmup. They help prevent fuel waste. You

enjoy better allaround performance under the conditions of winter driving. Fill up today with

WinterBlended Phillips 66 Gasoline.

WHEREVER YOU SEE THESE SIGHS, STOP FOR

PHILLIPS 66 GASOLINE jfiiM*"ar*

* 'lr 1

yw p

i BHH

mrA churchrestraint;wherea peacefulmen maycountrysideworship Godin winter'swithout

quiet repose; a stack of firewood stored against the

day of future need: these fare symbols of things wecherish at this most festive time of all the year. MPAUT

Salt Lake Gty, Utah George Albert Smith, President