t%.**-i

wss

\n i*''-!#**

.-- mL j%Ji

1: 'Ml*'-'.mm%-.

i'ix

:!fte"--.

W"t Summer School at BYU is an exciting blend of educational opportunity, excellent weather and stunning scenery, with a wealth of recreational activities. Programs are offered on both graduate

and undergraduate levels. The faculty is often

augmented by distinguished guest instructors.

Summer workshops, seminars and conferences find specialists from all over the country in attendance.

SCHEDULE OF EVENTS

May 30—Admission Application Due

June 9-12—Education Week

June 15—Registration

July 17—First Term Ends

July 18—Second Term Registration

July 24—Pioneer Day State Holiday

August 21—Second Term Ends

August 21—Summer Convocation

ofA summer opportunity at BYU!

Write to Summer School Director for free catalog. Si*--

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY Provo, Utah 84601 On the Cover:

This month we commemorate the 150th anniversary of the First Vision, which was experienced by the boy prophet,

Joseph Smith, in the spring of 1820 in western New York. There, after gaining The Voice of the Church April 1970 Volume 73, Number 4

—"Ifconfidenceany ofin youthe lackdeclarationwisdom,of letJameshim

ask of God"—the 14year-old youth Special Features

turned to prayer in his quest to know 2 Editor's Page: "For Thus Shall My Church Be Called,"President Joseph

"which of all the sects was right."The Fielding Smith

beautiful painting reproduced on our 4 Eight Contemporary Accounts of Joseph Smith's First Vision: What Do

front cover is used widely by the We Learn from Them? Dr. James B. Allen

Church Information Service in visitors 16 The House Where the Church Was Organized, Dr. Richard Lloyd

centers throughout the world. The Anderson

artist is Ken Riley. 26 Elder Howard W. Hunter, Church Historian, Jay M. Todd

Of special interest is the photograph 28 A Festival of Mormon Art below of President Joseph F. Smith, 31 How Far Is Heaven? Sadie H. Greenhaigh

nephew of the Prophet and father of 38 I Knew Courage, Jean Hart

President Joseph Fielding Smith, as he 64 A Happier Marriage, Part 2: Enjoy Your Marriage Moments, Dr. J. Joel

visited the Sacred Grove in the early and Audra Call Moss 1900s. 68 The Message, Dwane J. Sykes

79 A New Look at the Pearl of Great Price: Part 11, The Sacrifice of Sarah,

Dr. Hugh Nibley

Regular Features

54 Presiding Bishop's Page: The Presiding Bishop Talks to Youth About

Success, Bishop John H. Vandenberg

56 Today's Family: Jessie Evans Smith: the Wife of a Prophet, Eleanor

Knowles 61 Research & Review: Achievements of Latterday Saint Women, Dr.

Leonard J. Arrington

66 The LDS Scene 70 Buffs and Rebuffs 72 The Church Moves On 75 These Times: Organization, Dr. G. Homer Durham

96 End of an Era 13, 71, 73, 74, 80 The Spoken Word, Richard L. Evans

Era of Youth Marion D. Hanks and Elaine Cannon,

42 What It's Like to Be Young in Norway 45! Had to Find Out for Myself, Val Stephens

46 If I Were a Junior in High School, I'd..., Dr. Lynn Eric Johnson

47 Thoughts of the Newest Deacon, Steve Barrett 48 Make the Ideal Real, Elaine Cannon 49 Do We Need the "Shock"Troops? From Newsweek

50 The Present Is Here, Thomas Lee Monson 52 You Cannot Run Away From Law, Owen Jacobs

Fiction, Poetry 32 Dickie Bird, I'm Sorry, Mickey A. Goodwin

25, 71, 72 Poetry

L. Editor; Eleanor Editors; Assistant Evans. Smith, Doyle Managing Todd, Fielding Managing Joseph Jr.,Jay L. Editor;Green, T, M,Research Sykes,Editor; Gabbott, Jones RichardMabel Knowles, Copy AlbertManuscript Arrington, Nibley, ContributingEditorial Landau, Associate; Durham, G. Hugh HomerEditor; ElliottEditor; Director; TrumanEraAlbert Art Elaine Associate Editor;LeonardReynolds,William Editor; of YouthG. L. Madsen,Zobell, Ralph D. Hanks, Editors; of L. Cannon,Payne, Era Norman Marion Youth

Artist. Price, Staff

W. Snarr,Jay CirculationEldredge, GeneralManager;Manager;S. GlennFlorenceSmith, S.AdvertisingJacobsen, Representative,Associate General Manager; Verl F. Scott, Business Manager; A. Glen

Generalpublished bySuperintendent,the Mutual ImprovementYoung Men'sAssociations.Mutual ImprovementAll rightsAssociationreserved. of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, 1970;

for Enteredin sectionat the 1103,Post Office,Act of OctoberSalt Lake1917,City, authorizedUtah, as secondJuly 2. class1918.matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided

years, subscriptions, 2 3 years, advance; year, a each $5.75; $8.25; $3.00

single special Thirty to pricethreeyear changesucceeding the Subscriptionadded a recentissues.issue of thedays'addressrequired 35cinyour magazine;notice copymultipleexceptlabel from a changesfor change, ordering cannotof beaddress.madeyear, unless$2.50When

one, isaddressincluded. pleaseasprice; theinclude old address, the as well new

improvement The panied by sufficient Erapostagewelcomesfor deliverycontributionsand return.but is notPaymentresponsibleis madefor uponunsolicitedacceptance.manuscripts. Manuscripts must be accomAdvertising: Era The hisis product.pleased to carry advertisements of interest to readers, but doing so does not imply Church endorsement or of the advertiser

Official organ of the Priesthood Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, Home Teaching Committee, Music

Committee, Church School System, and other agencies of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints,

The Improvement Era, 79 South State, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

The Editor's Rige

"ForThusShall MyChurch Be Called

By President Joseph Fielding Smith

April 6 marks the 140th anniversary of the organizaThe officers of the Church will gather for sessions tion of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints of general conference beginning Saturday, April 4, in this the dispensation of the fulness of times. and continuing through Monday, April 6. We desire

People often ask why the members of the Church to have you share in the knowledge of the proceedings are called saints. The Latterday Saints should be all of those days, through attendance at the Tabernacle

that their name implies. They should live free from in person, through hstening to or viewing the proceedsin; their lives should be in strict harmony with the ings by radio and television, or through reading the

principles of the gospel. They should live "by every reports of the conference published in the Era and

word that proceedeth out of the mouth of God."elsewhere. We invite your faith and prayers in behalf

(Matt. 4:4; Deut. 8:3.) Thus they are commanded. of the general conference.

However, in accepting the title of saints they are One hundred and forty years! As you know, I have

not arrogant, pretentious, or selfrighteous. They did been involved for many years in keeping the history

not choose the name; it was given them by divine of the Church. It is a thrill to reread the records concommandment. It is the Lord who said: "For thus cerning the humble beginnings of this church. The

shall my church be called in the last days, even The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints was orChurch of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints."That ganized at Fayette, Seneca County, New York, at the

the members might be properly impressed with the home of Peter Whitmer, Sr., on April 6, 1830, with

significance of this title, there follows this admonition: six members: Joseph Smith, Jr., Oliver Cowdery,

"Verily I say unto you all: Arise and shine forth, that Hyrum Smith, Peter Whitmer, Jr., Samuel H. Smith,

thy light may be a standard for the nations."(D&C and. David Whitmer. These six members, who had

115:4-5.) previously been baptized, were baptized again on the

In accepting this title. Latterday Saints are conday of the organization.

forming to the custom that prevailed among the people "Having opened the meeting by solemn prayer to of God in past ages of the earth. The members of our Heavenly Father,"wrote the Prophet Joseph

the Church in the days of Peter and Paul were called Smith, "we proceeded, according to previous commandsaints. "And it came to pass, as Peter passed throughment, to call on our brethren to know whether they

out all quarters, he came down also to the saints accepted us as their teachers in all the things of the which dwelt at Lydda."(Acts 9:32.) Paul wrote: Kingdom of God, and whether they were satisfied

"To all that be in Rome, beloved of God, called to be that we should proceed and be organized as a Church saints: Grace to you and peace from God our Father, according to said commandment which we had reand the Lord Jesus Christ."(Rom. 1:7.) It is clear, ceived. To these several propositions they consented

then, that the members of the Church today are conby a unanimous vote. I then laid my hands upon

forming to the custom of former times, for they are Oliver Cowdery, and ordained him an Elder of the called in these last days by commandment "to be 'Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints'; after

saints,"members of the Church of Jesus Christ. which he ordained me also to the office of an Elder

of the said Church. We then took bread, blessed it, Then the Church moved to Kirtland, Ohio, where

and brake it with them; also wine, blessed it, and conference was convened in June 1831. There the

drank it with them. We then laid our hands on each first high priests in this dispensation were ordained.

individual member of the Church present, that they At this conference Edward Partridge, who had premight receive the gift of the Holy Ghost, and be conviously been called to the bishopric, chose as counfirmed members of the Church of Christ. The Holy selors, or assistants, John Corrill and Isaac Morley.

Ghost was poured out upon us to a very great degreeThose three brethren constituted the first bishopric some prophesied, whilst we all praised the Lord, and of the Church.

rejoiced exceedingly...."(Documentary History of the The Prophet was sustained and ordained president

Church, Vol. 1, pp. 7778. of the high priesthood at a conference held at Amherst,

That day a revelation was given to the Prophet Ohio, January 25, 1832. On March 18, 1833, the First

commanding that records be kept. In this revelation Presidency of the Church was organized, with Joseph

also, it was made known that Joseph Smith, Jr., was Smith as President and Sidney Rigdon and Frederick

to be called a seer, translator, prophet, and apostle of G. Williams as counselors. Joseph Smith, Sr., was

Jesus Christ, and an elder of the Church. (D&C 21.) ordained as patriarch on December 18, 1833.

The first conference of the Church was held some The first apostles and seventies of the dispensathree months later, on June 9, 1830, at Fayette, The tion were ordained at Kirtland in February 1835, after officers present were Joseph Smith, Jr., Oliver Cowthe return of Zion's Camp. The apostles were chosen

dery, David Whitmer, Peter Whitmer, and Ziba by revelation and ordained on February 14, 1835, by

Peterson, each of whom held the office of elder in the three witnesses to the Book of Mormon; the first

the Church. At this conference Samuel H. Smith was of the seventies were ordained two weeks later.

ordained an elder; Joseph Smith, Sr., Hyrum Smith, From those early days the Church has grown

and Martin Harris were ordained priests, and Hyrum rapidly in strength, notwithstanding the trials and

Page and Christian Whitmer, teachers. At the close of hardships that it and the individual members have

this conference there were in the Church seven orhad to endure.

dained elders—including Joseph Smith and Oliver To all members of the Church throughout the world

Cowdery—three priests, and two teachers. The total I would like to say that this church has a divinely

membership of the Church was 27. appointed mission to perform under the direction and

Oliver Cowdery was appointed to keep the Church leadership of Jesus Christ, our Savior, and that nothing records and conference minutes until the next conferwill stop his plans pertaining to it. It will fulfill the

ence, which was held September 26, 1830. There it designs of our Father in heaven. I hope the Saints

was reported that the membership had grown to 62. throughout the world daily thank the Lord for being

David Whitmer was appointed to keep the church members of his church and for the mission of the records until the third conference, which was held at Prophet Joseph Smith in restoring the gospel for our

Seneca January 2, 1831. joy and happiness. O

Era, April 1970 3 -a:

xi%)VMv

Illustrated by Jerry Thompson

Eight ContemporaryAccounts of Joseph Smith's First Vision

What DoWe Learn from Them?

By Dr. James B. Allen

One hundred and fifty years ago this spring, loho "save Jesus only"was destined to do more a lJ).-yearold hoy named Joseph Smith, Jr., per- "for the salvation of men in this world, than any

plexed about questions on religion, walked on a other man that ever lived in it."(D&C 135:3.)

"beautiful, clear day"to a wooded area where he For the past 150 years, the story of the First had been cutting wood, approximately a quarter Vision has been repeated on the street corner and mile from his father's house, and knelt in earnest from the pulpit, and has borne testimony to sucprayer. The answer to that prayer, known now ceeding generations at the family hearthside. It

as the First Vision, has changed the course of has made the heart of the poet and musician sing, the world and marked with brilliant surety the has sparked the mind and imagination, has been opening of the dispensation of the fulness of times, studied diligently, and has been submitted to the a period of preparation for the heralded and oftunrelenting light of research.

prophesied second coming of Jesus Christ. With Here printed for the first time is a report on

this vision came a divine call to young Joseph, eight different accounts of the First Vision.

Dr. James B. Allen is associate professor of history at Brigham Young University and a higli councilor in tlie BYU Fifth Stal<e.

In 1965 a graduate student at Brigham Young Unithe Prophet. It is doubtful that the manuscript was

versity presented a gentle surprise to Mormon scholars being prepared for publication, at least in the unpolwhen he included in his master's thesis a heretofore ished form in which it survives. It seems, rather, to

unknown description of Joseph Smith's First Vision. have been an early, crudely written, but fervent effort

What made the new discovery significant was the to express for Church members the Prophet's religious fact that most writers had supposed that the Manufeelings, and to record the powerful spiritual impact script History of Joseph Smith, formally begun in that the vision had upon him.

1838, was the place where the Prophet first com- 2. The 1835 account. On November 9, 1835, Joseph

mitted his remarkable experience to writing. Paul told of his early experiences to a visiting Jewish minCheesman's find demonstrated that the story of the ister. Warren Cowdery, the Prophet's scribe, recorded

First Vision had been dictated as early as 183132.- the interview as part of the Prophet's daily journal.

Recently both Mormon and nonMormon historians 3. The 183839 account. The third account is from

have shown new interest in Joseph Smith's testimony. Joseph Smith's Manuscript History and is the source

Not long after the 183132 narrative was discovered, for the version of the First Vision published in the a second version that also predated the Manuscript Times and Seasons in 1842 and later in the Pearl of

History was brought to light.'Scholars also began Great Price."The Prophet began this history in 1838,

to examine the setting of the vision, seeking to debut the present version was written or copied by James termine the extent to which the events described by Mulholland in 1839.1 jg evident that the Prophet

Joseph Smith can be verified by other contemporary intended this narrative to become the basic source sources. In fact. Mormon historiography has entered for Church literature and that he had a special puran exciting new era as more sources are becoming pose in mind that does not seem as clear in the earlier

available for research, fresh approaches are being renditions. Long the object of almost merciless public

taken by Latterday Saint writers, and many outstandabuse, he now told his story "so as to disabuse the ing scholars are publishing the results of their research. publick mind, and put all enquirers after truth into

(One of the most significant recent publications was possession of the facts...."With such a public purthe Spring 1969 issue of Brigham Young University pose in mind, it is likely that this account would be

Studies, in which ten Mormon writers presented the more carefully considered than either of the first results of recent research on "Mormon Origins in New two.

York.") 4. The Orson Pratt account (1840). Orson Pratt

Apparently Joseph Smith did not relate his First of the Council of the Twelve published in England in

Vision very widely during the early years of Church 1840 a missionary tract entitled Interesting Accounts history, for neither Mormon nor nonMormon pubof Several Remarkable Visions and of the Late Dislications of the 1830s carried accounts of it."Although covery of Ancient American Records. Elder Pratt had

contemporary literature included several allusions to obviously been close to Joseph Smith and had heard the idea that Joseph had beheld Deity, none of the account of the First Vision from him. His narrative

these brief references gave details of the vision.''Bewas similar to Joseph's 183839 account, except that

cause of the absence of the vision from early publicait elaborated upon several details. Whether these were

tions, one hostile writer suggested in 1945 that Joseph given to him by Joseph or whether he was using literSmith did not even "make up"the story until 1835 or ary license is not known, but some of his additions later. seem to be verified by other sources.

Nevertheless, it can now be demonstrated that 5. The Orson Hyde account (1842). Another memthe Prophet described his experience to friends and ber of the Twelve, Orson Hyde, published a misacquaintances at least as early as 183132, and that he sionary tract in Germany in 1842 entitled Ein Ruf aus

continued to do so in varying detail until the year of der Wuste, eine Stimme aus dem Schoose der Erde his death, 1844. We presently know of at least eight (A Cry From the Wilderness, A Voice From the Dust

contemporary documents that were written during of the Earth). It contained an account of the vision

his lifetime. similar to that of Orson Pratt, much of it, in fact, hav-

1. The 183132 account. This important document ing been copied directly from the earlier publication.

was written when Joseph Smith was 25 or 26 years old. 6. The Wentworth Letter (1842). In the same year

The Church was hardly more than a year old, and that Joseph Smith's Manuscript History began publicaJoseph had only recently been impressed with the tion in the Times and Seasons, the Prophet prepared importance of keeping such historical records. Pre- a brief history of the Church and a discussion of

served in the handwriting of Frederick G. Williams, Church doctrine for John Wentworth. The letter was

it was probably written as it was being dictated by published in the Times and Seasons on March 1. 11

Era, April 1970 5 7. Neio York Spectator (1843). In the summer of

1843 the editor of the Pittsburgh Gazette visited Joseph

Smith in Nauvoo. His account, which included the

First Vision as related to him by the Prophet, appeared in the New York Spectator on September 23.

8. A personal diary (1844). An entry in the personal

diary of Alexander Neibaur illustrates that the Prophet sometimes told the story to small, rather intimate groups. Neibaur, a German immigrant, had been

brought to Nauvoo to teach German to the Prophet and others. On May 24, 1844, Joseph told his sacred

experience to Neibaur, who recorded it in his diary in the sincere, unpolished style that one would expect from a humble man not used to writing in English. At

present, this is the only contemporary diary known to

Mormon scholars that contains such an account.

Whenever new historical information is published, a host of questions demand answers, and the disclosure that Joseph Smith told his story more than once has been no exception. Scholars have asked whether the

Prophet's description of his experience squares with other known historical events, to what degree the various accounts are consistent with each other, and how one might explain the differences. Several factors

undoubtedly affected the overall nature of Joseph

Smith's narratives: (1) his age and experience at the

time a particular account was given; (2) the circumstances under which he gave each account, including

any special purposes he may have had in mind; (3)

the possible literary influence of those who helped him write it; and (4) in the case of versions written by the question of timing: (a) when did Joseph Smith

others, the fact that different points would impress first begin to search for religious truth, and (b) when different people, and therefore they would record the did he have his vision?

story somewhat differently. One would hardly expect It is only the 183839 narrative that gives any detail

to find every account to be precisely alike, but it is about the religious excitement that stirred young fortunate that these eight reports come from a wide Joseph's interest ( although the Neibaur diary mentions variety of circumstances, thus accentuating the signifiit ), and the question has arisen as to whether a general cance of the consistency that does exist. religious movement of the proportions described by

Actually, the differences between the accounts may the Prophet actually took place in those years menbe grossly overemphasized, for the truth is that there tioned and whether his description squares with the is wide and general agreement in detail among all of known facts. It has been argued, for example, that

them. Another impressive fact is that the 183132 verno such movement took place in the town of Palmyra

sion, which was the first to be recorded, is actually in the spring of 1820. Joseph said that the excitement

the most comprehensive of all. This early narrative began "sometime in the second year after our removal

includes all the essential elements of the more carefully to Manchester,"which could mean almost any time prepared Manuscript History and contains more addiin the year 1819 or 1820. Further, his narrative does

tional details than any other source. When all the not specifically state that such a movement centered

accounts are combined, only two areas appear that or even began in Palmyra. The Smith family, by 1819,

may need some explanation: ( 1 ) the time of the vision lived outside the village of Palmyra, on a farm that

and (2) the fact that the firt account appears to was actually in the township (not village) of Manmake specific reference to only one personage. A brief chester.* The phrase "in the place where we lived"

explanation of each of these areas seems appropriate. could easily refer, in context, not to any town but,

1. The time of Joseph's early religious quest and of rather, to the general area.

the First Vision. There are two questions involved in In addition, Joseph referred to the "whole district of

Leit: Lane approaching the Sacred Grove, from an old

B. View inside Below: Daniel by McRae. photograph the place, while in the 183839 statement he said it was in the Anderson George taken by Edward Sacred Grove,

early 1900's. Page 10: Distant view of Sacred Grove from in the early spring of 1820, which would have made

the yard of the Joseph Smith Sr. home, also by Anderson. him 14. Later in the same account he said "I was an

obscure boy only between fourteen and fifteen years of age or thereabouts."'

What all of this seems to suggest is that Joseph

Smith's main interest, as far as time is concerned, was merely to explain that these things happened in his early teens. But it would not be inconsistent with any

of the accounts to suggest that he became involved in the religious excitement of the time during the summer or fall of 1819, while he was still 13 years old;

that his concern worked on him for many months; and

that it was, indeed, sometime in the spring of the following year that he finally decided to pray. If in his

preliminary effort to record the story in 183132 he said he was 15 instead of 14 when the vision occurred, he simply made a slight correction in his more carefully prepared history.

2. Was it one personage or two? All accounts of the

First Vision but one specify that two heavenly personages appeared to young Joseph, and three ( Wentworth letter, Orson Pratt, and Orson Hyde) state that these personages exactly resembled each other. There is

no doubt that the Prophet intended to convey the message that they were the Father and the Son.

In the earliest narrative Joseph Smith simply said, "I was filled with the spirit of God and the Lord opened the heavens upon me and I saw the Lord and he spake unto me saying Joseph my son thy Sins are country"affected by the awakening, and this could be forgiven thee...."When relating his experience in

interpreted very broadly. Professor Milton Backman 1835, Joseph first told of one personage appearing in

has demonstrated conclusively that there vas conthe "pillar of fire."Then: "another personage soon

siderable religious excitement in the general area in appeared like unto the first."The latter gave him the

1819 and 1820, and that "spiritual quickenings"were allimportant message. The idea that the personages

particularly intense in 1819."'Joseph had ample opappeared one after the other is repeated in the New

portunity to know of and become involved in camp York Spectator, as well as in Neibaur's diary.

meetings and other religious activities in the vicinity While the other narratives do not describe the of his home during 1817, 1818, or 1819, and none of event just that way, nothing in them precludes the the accounts of his vision are inconsistent with these possibility that he may have seen one personage first, facts. and then the other."The main point of emphasis,

Joseph Smith reached his fourteenth birthday on especially in the official 183839 account, was that "I

December 23, 1819. In the earliest account of the had actually seen a light and in the midst of that light

vision, he said he had pondered his religious concerns I saw two personages, and they did in reality speak from the age of 12 to 15. In 1835 he said that he was unto me, or one of them did."Remembering that

"about 14"when he began to reflect upon the imthe 183132 manuscript is a rough, unpolished effort portance of a future state. His use of the word "about"to record the spiritual impact of the vision on him,

indicates that the validity of his history did not hinge that this was probably the first time Joseph Smith had on a precise date, and it is significant to note that both even tried to commit his experience to writing, and

Orson Pratt and Orson Hyde merely wrote that he was that in the other narratives the important message "somewhere about fourteen or fifteen"when his was delivered by the Son, it is probable that in dictatspiritual awakening began. In the earliest narrative ing to his scribe the Prophet simply emphasized "the

Joseph Smith said that he was in the sixteenth year of Lord"and his message. Obviously, the various versions

his age (that is, 15 years old) when the vision took of the event do not contradict each other in this one

Era, April 1970 7 essential point, even though they emphasize different revival meeting "he wanted to get Religion too [and] ideas and details. wanted to feel and shout like the Rest...."

We believe that Joseph Smith was telling the truth These concerns quite naturally caused him to look each time he related his experience, and that the at the various denominations, probably with the intent scribes recorded his ideas as accurately as possible. of joining one of them. Here, however, as recorded

Thus, a study of the combined accounts presents some in practically all the accounts,-* he became disillufascinating new insights into the experience and persioned, especially with the fact that the ministers sonal development of the young prophet. Not only do would contend so bitterly for converts. It became so

we discover more details about what may have hapbad, he wrote in 1838, that "great confusion and bad pened both before and after he entered the Sacred feeling ensued—priest contending against priest, and

Grove, but we also gain valuable insight into how convert against convert; so that all their good feelings

these events affected him personally and helped him one for another, if they ever had any, were entirely in his spiritual growth. While space does not permit lost in a strife of words and a contest about opinions. ""

the full republication here of all the accounts, they At this point the young prophet became even more may readily be found elsewhere."What follows is confused. He still wanted to join a church, and he

an attempt to weave them into a composite story of actually began to favor the Methodists. When he

Joseph's sacred experience in order to show their finally decided to make it a matter of prayer, he had value and their consistency. in mind specifically that he wanted to "know what

In the year 1819 young Joseph Smith and his parchurch to join.""In looking at all the churches, he

ents and brothers and sisters lived in what is now said in 1835, "I knew not who was right or who was

Manchester township in western New York. This wrong but considered it of the first importance to me

region has been dubbed the "burnedover district,"that I should be right."

because of the intense outpouring of religious enthusiAt the same time, young Joseph had begun to suspect asm that characterized it in the early nineteenth that perhaps none of the churches were right. The

century."Itinerant preachers, camp meetings, intense first time he recorded the vision he declared that in

spiritual experiences, and conversions all were common searching the scriptures he "found that mankind did in the area, and in 181920 some sort of revival activity not come unto the Lord but that they had apostatized took place in at least ten towns within a 20mile from the true and living faith and there was no society radius of the Smith home.-"or denomination that built upon the Gospel of Jesus

With all this religious activity going on, young Christ as recorded in the New Testament...."'

Joseph Smith found himself influenced in many ways. Later he explained liis feelings this way: "I often

He undoubtedly attended some of the revival activities, said to myself, what is to be done? Who of all these

and he saw some members of his family join the parties is right? Or are they all wrong together?"

Presbyterian Church. He naturally thought about His youthful mind apparently still clung to the hope

his own salvation, and many questions came to his that one of the contending sects was "right,"but at mind. According to his earliest statement, he became the same time he could not ignore the disturbing posseriously concerned for the welfare of his soul, and sibility that "the true and living faith"no longer

this led to an intensive searching of the scriptures. For existed. Orson Hyde went so far as to write that "he

two or three years, in fact, he tried to evaluate the gave up hope ever to find a sect or party that was in different denominations and found that they did not possession of the pure and unadulterated truth."

agree with what he saw in the scriptures. i Amid this war of words and feelings the Prophet's

He also became concerned with the "wickedness mind was drawn especially to James 1:5. "If any of

and abominations"of the world, as well as his own you lack wisdom,"he read, "let him ask of God, that sins. He became almost overwhelmed with the awegiveth to all men liberally, and upbraideth not, and

someness of the eternities,- and finally, as Orson Pratt it shall be given him."Said Joseph Smith, "Never did

recorded, he began "seriously to reflect upon the any passage of scripture come with more power to necessity of being prepared for a future state of the heart of man than this did at this time to mine. It

existence: but how, or in what way, to prepare himself, seemed to enter with great force into every feeling of

was a question, as yet, undetermined in his own mind: my heart. I reflected on it again and agaiu, knowing

he perceived that it was a question of infinite imthat if any person needed wisdom from God, I did....

portance, and that the salvation of his soul depended At length I came to the conclusion that I must either upon a correct understanding of the same."He also remain in darkness and confusion, or else I must do as

desired the emotional experience he had witnessed James directs, that is, Ask of God."

in others, for he later told Alexander Neibaur that in a Young Joseph decided then, for the first time in his

life, to pray vocally about the matter. After months of improper pictures and tried to hinder him in his efforts

struggle, he finally knew the course he must follow, and the accomplishment of his goal."

and sometime in the spring of 1820 he went to a At one point, Joseph said, "I heard a noise behind familiar spot in the woods near his home to make the me like some one walking towards me. I strove again

attempt.''The months of anguish had resulted in to pray, but could not; the noise of walking seemed

obvious spiritual maturity, and he had at least three to draw nearer. I sprang upon my feet and looked

serious questions on his mind: (1) He was concerned round, but saw no person, or thing that was calculated

for his ovwi salvation and sought forgiveness of his to produce the noise of walking."* During the struggle

sins; (2) he was concerned for the welfare of mankind "thick darkness"seemed to gather around him, and he

in general, for, he said, "I felt to mourn for my own sins and for the sins of the world'V- (3) he wanted to know which, if any, of the churches was right, and which he should join.

No one knows how long young Joseph remained in the grove, but it is clear that before the object of his prayer was accomplished he had a long, desperate, and perhaps almost fatal struggle with the forces of evil from the unseen world. His first effort to pray

was fruitless, for, he said, "immediately I was seized by some power which entirely overcame me and had such astonishing influence over me as to bind my tongue so that I could not speak."He later told his

friends that his tongue seemed swollen in his mouth, so much so that he could not utter a word. "-i.

As he struggled to pray, several strange things happened. Unwanted and distracting thoughts ran

through his mind, and one of his close associates later wrote that "he was severely tempted by the powers of darkness.... The adversary benighted his mind

with doubts and brought to his soul all kinds, of felt that he was "doomed to sudden destruction"and must abandon himself to the power of "some actual being from the unseen world.""

In spite of this alarm, he was able to gather enough inner strength to continue his fervent prayer and call upon God for deliverance. It was then that he saw

overhead a "pillar of light,"which seemed to shine "above the brightness of the sun at noon day."It

seemed gradually to descend, even increasing in brightness so that "by the time it reached the tops of the trees the whole wilderness, for some distance around, was illuminated in a most glorious and brilliant manner. He expected to have seen the leaves and boughs

of the trees consumed, as soon as the light came in contact with them.... It continued descending slowly,

until it rested upon the earth, and he was enveloped in the midst of it."

As soon as the light appeared, he felt himself freed from his spiritual enemy, and as the light rested upon him he was "filled with the spirit of God."*'As described later, "When it first came upon him, it produced a peculiar sensation throughout his whole

system; and, immediately, his mind was caught away

from the natural objects with which he was surrounded; and he was enwrapped in a heavenly

vision...."''He then saw within the light a personage, who was soon joined by another personage,*

and the two exactly resembled each other in features and likeness."* They seemed to be standing above

him in the air and their own "brightness and glory"defied all description.**

The messages and information received by Joseph trines the commandments of men, having a form of as the vision progressed were all that a boy with his Godliness but they deny the power thereof."* He was

concerns could ask for, and more. He received a warned a second time against joining any of the

knowledge of the reality of Christ, as one of the perchurches, and he was given the promise that "the sons called him by name, then pointed to the other fulness of the gospel should at some future time be and said, "This is my beloved Son, Hear him."* He made known unto me."In addition, he was told

was also told, "Joseph my son thy Sins are forgiven "many other things"that he was unable to write, thee,"and the Savior declared, "Behold, I am the Lord and he saw "many angels"in his vision.

of glory; 1 was crucified for the world that all those According to scripture, it would be impossible for

who believe on my name may have Eternal Hfe."* man to behold Deity with his natural eyes. Joseph

Young Joseph was undoubtedly astonished at all Smith made it clear that this profound experience that was happening, but as he gained possession of transcended his physical senses and had an exhausthimself, he asked which of all the sects was right and ing effect upon him. "When I came to myself again,"

which he should join.*'He was informed that he he wrote in 1838, "I found myself lying on my back

should join none of them, for, he said, they "told me looking up into Heaven,"and he told Alexander that all religious denominations were believing in inNeibaur that he endeavored to rise but felt feeble.

correct doctrines, and that none of them was The effect of this vision on the mind of the youthacknowledged of God as his church and kingdom. And ful prophet was great. After all his earlier confusion,

I was expressly commanded to 'go not after them.'"* he now felt comforted, and his mind was left in "a

The personage who was speaking warned him state of calmness and peace indescribable."* Accordfurther that certain professors of religion were "all ing to his earliest account, "my soul was filled with

corrupt, that they draw near to me with their lips love and for many days I could rejoice with great joy but their hearts are far from me; they teach for docand the Lord was with me."

abouts and my circumstances in life such as to make a boy of no consequence in the world. Yet men of high

standing would take notice sufficient to excite the public mind against me and create a hot persecution, and this was common among all the sects: all united

to persecute me."

There is no contemporary evidence (i.e., documents

from the 1820s) to show that Joseph Smith told his story very widely in 1820; and it is not clear, even

from his own accounts, how long he continued to tell it. With the reception he apparently received, it was

probably not very long. The lack of evidence is not

surprising, however, for even if certain ministers warned people not to believe young Joseph, they were also preoccupied with many other things that to them were more important. Since this was a time when

many were claiming spiritual experiences, the claims of a 14year-old boy were hardly something the ministers would record. Nor would such a youth have

much likelihood of finding his way into the newspapers or diaries of the time, even though he later said that all the "great ones"were against him. To a young boy,

the rejection of such an experience by those whom he respected would have been most frustrating, and he would tend to emphasize this frustration as he told of the experience in later years.

A possible clue to the nature of whatever criticism was made is seen in the recollection of a certain

Mrs. Palmer, a nonMormon, who apparently grew up

in the vicinity of Joseph Smith's home and later settled in Utah. As an elderly woman, she recalled "the

This expresses as well as anything could the tender excitement stirred up among some of the people over feelings that must have overwhelmed him. It is little the boy's first vision, and of hearing her father conwonder that he should wish to tell his experience to tend that it was only the sweet dream of a purefriends and acquaintances, and one can sense his minded boy."According to the reminiscence, she also

profound disappointment when, as he stated in the heard certain church leaders criticizing her father for same account, he "could find none that would believe his friendship with the "Smith boy,"and saying that the heavenly vision."Later he described in detail he must be "put down."'

the immediate unfriendly reception he received upon All of this does not presume, of course, to provide all telling of the vision. He was particularly disappointed the details of what happened at the time of Joseph

at the surprising reaction of a Methodist preacher who Smith's First Vision. Nor does it presume to answer all

"treated my communication not only lightly but with the questions that may be raised about the meaning great contempt, saying it was all of the Devil, that and implications of the vision. It has simply demonthere was no such thing as visions or revelations in strated that the account was repeated several times

these days, that all such things had ceased with the and in several different ways, even by the Prophet,

Apostles and that there never would be any more of and that although each narrative emphasizes different them.""'ideas and events, none is incompatible with other

It seemed to him that he was being attacked from accounts. There is a striking consistency throughout

all sides, for, as he wrote in 1838: "I soon found, howall the narratives, and if one wishes he may combine

ever, that my telling the story had excited a great them into an impressive report that in no way contradeal of prejudice against me among professors of dicts any of the individual accounts. Moreover, the

religion and was the cause of great persecution which descriptions given of events related to the vision but continued to increase and though I was an obcure boy that happened outside the grove are consistent with between fourteen and fifteen years of age or thereour knowledge of contemporary events.

Era, April 1970 11 In the last analysis, the First Vision becomes truly Knopfs In Company,April 1830,1946),a revelationp. 25. required that a record be kept in the

his- a to keep appointed was Whitmer 1831, John March seeks, Church. only in a personalmeaningful one way when

69:2-3. tory. 21:1; 47:1; See InD&C

Manuscript the original between changes minor were a few private, to sought, reach through as Joseph Smith God been'Seasons. in There have and the publication the Times History'.) There and

Great Pearl of in the in found the account additional changes in clear, although some is not always changes for these reason earnest supplication. O aPrice.few The

FOOTNOTES casesIn anyit case,was theprobablyessentialsimplydetailsa matterand meaningof improvingof the grammaticalaccount havestyle.not

1 Paul R. Cheesman, "An Analysis of the Accounts Relating to Joseph been changed, and the changes are not significant enough to discuss in

Smith's Early Visions"( Master's thesis. College of Religious Instruction, the text above.

University, 1965 Brigham Young

C. Jessee, Accounts), Appendixof JosephD. Smith's First Vision,"1011 Jessee,Essentially"ThetheEarlysameAccounts,"material pp.was27778.published in I. Daniel Rupp, "The Early 2 Dean

Brigham Yoting University Studies, Vol. 9 (Spring, 1969), pp. 27778. An Original History of the Religious Denominations at Present Existing

3 This document, discovered by Dean Jessee, was first printed in James in the United States (Philadelphia, 1844), pp. 404405.

B. Allen, "The Significance of Joseph Smith's 'First Vision'in Mormon 12 An excerpt of the diary, which is housed in the Church Historian's

Dialogue, Thought,"P. Walters, 1 Wesley Vol."New1 (Autumn,Light on1966),Mormonpp. 4041.Origins from Palmyra hisoffice,Mother,says: Br"Br &JosephSister toldgot usReligionthe firstHecallwantedhe hadto a getRevivalReligionMeetingtoo

(N.Y.) Revival,"Bulletin of the Evangelical Theological Society, Vol. 10 wanted to feel & shout like the Rest but could feel nothing, opened his

(Fall, 1967), pp. 22744. Milton V. Backman, Jr., "Awakenings in the Bible & the first Passage that struck him was if any man lack wisdom let

BurnedOver District: New Light on the Historical Setting of the First him ask of God who giveth to all men liberally & upbiaideth not went

Vision,"Brigham Young University Studies, Vol. 9 (Spring, 1969), pp. into the Wood to pray kneels himself down his tongue was closet cleavet

30120. Wesley P. Walters, "New Light on Mormon Origins from the to his roof could utter not a word, felt easier after a while—saw a fire

Palmyra Revival,"Dialogue, Vol. 4 (Spring, 1969), pp. 5981. Richard toward heaven came near & nearer saw a personage in the fire light com-

L. Bushman, "The First Vision Story Revived,"Dialogue, Vol. 4 (Spring, plexsion blue eyes a piece of white cloth drawn over his shoulders his

1969), pp. 8293. right arm bear after a while a other person came to the side of the

first the cit., then asked Methodist Mr. must 3032. Church—No—they op. pp.

that there are doeth the like goneI joinastray 6 good not They a revelation to something alluded early as mySmithPeople, 1830, 5 AsAllen, June this first one, the Beloved is yenonehim, no not but son manifested unto this harken after fire drew that Vision: First "For, it truly was is myhave

tree to nigher the Rested enveloped comforted Indeavoured of his him upon was entangled a remission that elder, he he had received felt into told feeble—got the the Methodist arise and house of (IndeUncomen vanities the of the world. again in sins,Commandments

this said the priest "to himself in Vision not a Cf. age for Reveal god Vol. Missouri, was and & Evening The pendence, 1833), 24,.. pp.."Book6-7.

Revelation has with only 1 are that the ceased the Testament."Star, Vol. Note There 20:5. some Morning (June 1832), New and D&C

exception to the idea that the of the important delivered of message latter the in the Son including the dating slight variations references, the

Vision is in this account, found read, could but revelation as Neibaur April revelation "Whereinstead of June. An 1831

of detail the chronology on the time the confused fore, I the the Lord, he got by calamity upon should come which easilyhome haveand wrotebecomeit knowing inhabitants called of the earth, upon from heaven, and gave him him commandments. my servant Joseph,..."andBookspakeof Comunto in 13hisWalters,diary. in both articles referred to above.

mandments 1:4. Cf. D&C 1:17. In February 1831, Obadiah Dogberry, li Actually, Professor Milton Backman has found that this area was

publisher of the Palmyra Reflector, reported on news of the Mormons in called Farmington town when the Smiths moved there, but the name

Ohio, where, according to his correspondent, Joseph Smith's followers was changed to Manchester township a few years later.

305ff., especially op. cit., affirming that where he shows what was were 15 Backman, seen he pp. "had God frequently and personally."The

is of hajjpening Reflector, because important to the Joseph's Methodists. This February 14, 102. p. 1831,

7 Fawn M. Brodie, No Man Knows My History (New York: Alfred A. assertion that the excitement he remembered began with the Methodists.

The Various Elements of Joseph Smith's First Vision,

As Recorded or Clearly Implied in the Eight Contemporary Accounts

183132 1835 183839 Pratt Hyde WentSpec- Neiworth tator baur

Religious excitement of,-.;.-.

the period concern Joseph's for his state) soul (or future

.>a Disillusionment with various m denominations

Joseph's concern for mankind m in general

His quest for forgiveness of sin

His quest to know which church (tt..

(if any) was right

fe His searching the scriptures i

<i> A'(*, m His prayer The strange force of # opposition

Appearance of the light 'j '*?1- >ir..".

Appearance of Deity 4 (Two personages) The message:

1. Forgiveness of sins

2. Testimony of Jesus

3. Join no church (all were m wrong)

4. Gospel to be restored

Joseph filled with love # Unsuccessful effort to get others to believe the story

iG The words "or thereabouts"were not included in the Times and may well prove to be genuine as researchers continue to probe the sources.

Seasons account, April 1, 1842, p. 748, nor are they in the present Pearl Joseph's own testimony on this subject is corroborated by that of his

of Great Price. It is significant, however, that the Prophet should mother, as well as by accounts of nonMormon writers who knew him as

put them in his manuscript as he was preparing it. a young man. Richard L. Anderson's incisive article in the same issue of

17 In later years, at least one other person who had known Joseph BYU Studies carefully analyzes some of these writers, including Mother

Smith wrote of hearing him describe the appearance of one person Smith, and presents convincing verification for Joseph's claims with before the other. See Cheesman, op. cit., p. 30. regard to what was happening both before and after his experience in

IS The three manuscript versions (183132, 1835, and 183839) are the Sacred Grove.

in Jessee, op. cit., and the Wentworth Letter (1842) follows that article.

Pratt versions are The and reproduced Hyde in Cheesman, appendices C

Spectator York and G. report The is in Preston Nibley, Joseph Smith New

the Prophet (Salt Lake City, 1946), p. 31. The Neibaur version is in

footnote 12 above. from "The Spoken Word"a full ly For account of the period, see Whitney R. Cross, BurnedThe Square, presented Temple DistxiiH over (Ithaca, 1950). Chapter 8, deals the "The Prophet,"with

Mormons. over KSL and the Colum20 Backman, 31213. op. cit., pp. bia Broadcasting System 21 183839 Manuscript, and Joseph Smith 2:7.

-2 The 183132 manuscript is full of poignant expressions indicating January 25, 1970. 1970.

the depth of young Joseph's feelings: "my mind became exceedingly distressed for 1 became convicted of my Sins..."; "I looked upon the sun

the glorious luminary of the earth and also the moon rolling in their through magesty the also heavens stars the and in shining their courses I face my children..."field also the earth the I stood beast the "How could of the which and and upon and

fish fowls also of the the waters of heaven and and man walking..."; in earth face of the the forth By Richard L. Evans I consideredupon magesty "and when

these things my heart exclaimed well hath the wise man said it is a fool in his saith that there heart heart exclaimed no God my...

these bear testimony bespeakis omnipotent and an omnipresent and

..."; cried, "Ipower else for the for there Lord mercy was none all Thisgrandfather.was heardHe fromhad justa wonderful,talked with forthrighta young 1 to go...."unto could whom

23 Neibaur journal. grandson—one of those searching sessions

24 Neibaur, Except and this account clearly implies the same thing. when a child asks direct, innocent questions 25 2:6. Cf. Joseph Smith

26 New York Spectator account. Cf. 183839 manuscript and Joseph when a child with steady eyes and innocent honesty 2:10. Smith

27 183132 manuscript.

28 manuscript. 183839 Cf. the Wentworth letter and the Orson Pratt could make a man earnestly examine himself to

account. wrote to Wentworth: Joseph

fully believingsubject more that if God"I haddetermineda churchtoit investigatewould not thebe see if he detects any deception within his own soul.

split fractions."into Orson

indecided his mind, was—if Prattany onewrote;of "Thethese denominationsgreat question beto thebe And then this honest, grateful grandfather asked a

is it?"in of Christ, pointChurch which one The common all these accounts simple question: "How could I face my children, my

is of that correct. the possibility the churches none could be

interesting respect occurs with point an problem 29 At this to the grandchildren, and tell them I had done wrong?"

telling visitors After manuscript. of his asking 183839 the heavenly

ofwhich it this time allhadtheneversects enteredwas right,into Josephmy heartadded,that allin wereparenthesis,wrong).""(forWhileat Don't try to hide your heart from a boy. "Boys,"

this seems somewhat inconsistent, it may actually reflect the real conwrote Emerson, "know truth from counterfeit as fusion of the 14year-old Joseph, who did not want to believe, deep in his heart, that as a there quick church, his chemist does."'was no "true"though of hear even mind already Too often we

asked the obvious questions: are are parties right? of all these "Who Or

all children: cruelty, ofthey abuse corruption. together?"wrong the can then, within The confusion account, One

reflect themight of actual experience a young thought had who man itthe unthinkable yet his soul had not let and sink (or into heart), scarcely conceive of this being so, and it reminds because it to was not believe. what he wanted Certainly deep, the

personal in emotions described nearly all the to a us of this sobering indictment from our Savior: accounts lead could

desire to join church, some Joseph's hence hesitancy to that and believe

Cf. wrong.all were Times Seasons, and April p. and "... whoso shall offend one of these little ones... 1, 1842, 748,

Joseph Smith 2:18. in words parentheses The in were published the it were better for him that a millstone were hanged as SeasonsTimes and well as in all editions Pearl of the Price of Great

to 1902.down In the new edition of that year, and in all subsequent about his neck, and that he were drowned in the iteditions, was deleted.

30 Cf. manuscript. 183839 2:1213. Smith Joseph

editor, as in reported told an York Spectator account, depth of the sea."It is something to think of. 31 He the New

that "I immediately the out into went woods where my clearing, I the stump and went to axe had struck where fatherwhen hadI hada Children come here clean and sweet and teachable, my work, quit and I kneeled down, prayed."the Father and from of us all. Innocent they come, and

.32 of these Hre concerns in Both clear the 183132 manuscript.

.33 is until innocent 183839 Cf. manuscript. they are, 2:15. Joseph environment Smith or example

34 manuscript. Cf. 1835 journal. Neibaur

35 Orson Hyde account. otherwise. "The mind,"said William Ellery Chan36 1835 manuscript.

37 183839 manuscript. ning, "like the body, depends upon the climate it

"pillar of 38 183132 light"manuscript. variously The has been delives in, on the air it breathes."Heaven help thosescribed as a "pillar of fire"a "very bright light"(1835), and glorious

(Pratt), and toward "a fire (Neibaur). heaven"

Pratt Cf. 39 Orson account. Neibaur journal and 1835 manuscript. who abuse or neglect or corrupt, or are cruel to

40 183132 manuscript.

41 account. children, or who are indifferent to the environment Orson Pratt

42 1835 manuscript. Spectator, York Neibaur and New their takes innocence them. Children from have 43 letter. Cf. Wentworth manuscript 1835 Pratt and and journal.Hyde accounts. that

44 183839 a right to exploitation be protected from and from 4.5 Ibid. Cf. Spectator. York manuscript.New

46 Cf. manuscript. 183132 manuscript Pratt account, 1835 Orson and "I evil influence. have to bring you up commanded of the statementboth confirm which forgiven. were

Cf. manuscript. 47 183839 that I Neibaur, Joseph that whohis sinswrote in light children asked, your could and truth. """How

I join the"Must Methodist church?"

48 manuscript. Cf. Pratt this 1835 part account, Orson of tell which seems children children anyone's face my and——

to have for copied almost word statement. from the word 1835

also the York Spectator the 183839 manuscript. live beenNew and Lord, to to help us I had Cf. them wrong?"done

49 Cf, manuscript. 183839 journal. Neibaur

30 Wentworth 51 183839 manuscript.letter, Pratt and Hyde accounts. feel clean and comfortable with honest, innocent

52 children, manuscript. 1835 and with others also, and with our own

53 See John 54 souls inside. Pratt and 1:18.Hyde Cf.accounts.Moses See1:2; alsoD&CNeibaur67:1013;journal.32:30.

55 183839 manuscript. See also Neibaur journal.

56 183839 manuscript. Cf. Joseph Smith 2:22.

Emerson, Education. 'Ralph Waldo 57 in This is reproduced, document G. proMadsen's Truman

18:6. 'Matthew Spring, to the issuelogue Studies, 1969, p. 235. As Madsen points of BYUin part,

out, we do not know enough yet about the document to rely on its comWilliam Ellery Charming, On the Elevation of the Laboring Classes plete authenticity. It is quoted here simply as an interesting document that 'Doctrine and Covenants 93:40.

Era. April 1970 13

,.-i FROM DESERET BOOK

Spring titles that meet today s needs

1. THE SPIRITUAL ROOTS OF HUMAN RELATIONS $4.95

by Stephen R. Covey

A vice president of Brigham Young University, Stephen R. Covey is well

qualified to examine the spiritual roots of human relations in light of the problems we face today in our personal, family and national life. These

roots are our VISION, COMMITMENT, UNDERSTANDING AND EXAMPLE

COMMUNICATION AND SELFDISCIPLINE.

2. THE SPIRIT OF THE OLD TESTAMENT $4.95 by Dr. Sidney B. Sparry

There has long been a dearth of Latterday Saint publications on the Old

Testament. Although this book was first issued 30 years ago, this new, revised and enlarged edition will amply fill this void.

3. WAKE UP AND LIVE! $3.50 by Robert L. Rice

Bishop Robert L. Rice has built one of the world's most successful chains

of health spas. In this unique book he presents in word and picture, the

secrets of a sound body, and offers an extremely valuable program of exercise and physical fitness.

4. WHAT'S UP $2.95 Dr. Glen C. Griffin and Dr. Lynn E, Johnson

Here's a book like you've never seen before. A real "cool"book according

to those youth who previewed it. The authors examine what's wrong with

today's world, and show how teens can cope with a topsyturvy world and come out on top.

5. INDEX VOLUME TO THE DOCUMENTARY HISTORY OF THE CHURCH

$5.50 by E. Keith Howick

All who have one or more volumes of the History of the Church will want this new index which took seven years in the making. This is a complete

and exhaustive index to all seven volumes of the Documentary History of the Church, compiled by a scholar, teacher and attorney at law.

6. THE DOCTRINE AND COVENANTS SPEAKS, Vol 2 $5.95

by Roy W. Doxey

Here is an exhaustive analysis of sections 71 through 136 of the Doctrine

The author is assistant dean of the college of religious instruction at the and Covenants. It was begun shortly after his volume one was published.

University. Brigham Young

for A "must"book every teacher speaker, this and book contains an un- h 7. CHALK TALKS $1.25 by Albert L Zobell, Jr. usual to approach classroom teaching talks. interChurch and of Hundreds

esting and stimulating blackboard examples that will enlighten and inform.

He calls them chalk talks, Established

Heed te TakeWords of Wisdom Yourselves!

BY PRESIDENT JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH

These are the most often asked for books by

President Joseph Fielding Smith who has authored 23 books of doctrine and history 8, A warning of things to come and wise during his 60 years as a general authority. counsel for eternal rewards. $4.95

It

dnestions

Ukm V

9. Five volumes of questions and answers written 10. A vividly hisaccount 11. of the advice Helpful on everyday

of and potential living by 12. purpose The subjects.on gospel numerous $3.25ea. torical progress of the Church. F. $5.95 President 6th president Smith, Joseph

clearly explained. man $4.00

of the Church. $4.95

13. Thorough and definitive, it contains

the material so frequently needed by 14. A study of the scriptures that speak

teachers. $3.95 of the signs of our times. $3.25

'BookDowntown Salt Lake Cottonwood Mall, Ogden Orange, California

ORDER FROM DESERET BOOK COMPANY

44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah 84110

OR 777 So. Main, Town & Country, Orange, Calif. 92868

Please send me items circled: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14

Total cost $ This must include 4'/?% sales tax from Utah residents ordering from Salt Lake, or 5% sales tax from California residents

ordering from Orange. Paid oy D check, D money order, or D charge my

established account.

Also include 25c for each book ordered to cover handling and mailing.

Name Address

City

State Zip

April 1970 Era

-< t? *'

..J: *

.t-.

The HouseWhere the By Dr. Richard Lloyd Anderson

This article commemorates the lJOth anniversary of the orThere are both benefits and Hmiganization of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. On tations in touring historical sites.

April 6, 1830, a day that had been previously appointed by revelaOrnate shrines at supposed location as the day for organization, six young men gathered in the tions of Christ's life in Palestine oneand-a-half story log house of Peter Whitmer, Sr., in Fayette, hardly bring one closer to the Lord.

New York, to meet the numerical requirements of the state in Yet tourists, being by nature amaorganizing a church. Present were 2-yearold Joseph Smith; teur historians, may judge the

Oliver Cowdery, 23; Samuel H. Smith, 22; Hyrum Smith, 30; David authenticity of the spiritual events

Whitmer, 25; afid Peter Whit'tner, Jr., 20. By September memberat Latterday Saint restoration loship stood at 62; it was in the hundreds a year later. By 1840, the cations by the care with which are

membership was 30,000; 60,000 in 1850; 80,000 in 1860; 110,000 presented historical matters. Hence,

in 1870; 160,000 in 1880; 205,000 in 1890; 268,000 in 1900; 613,000 Latterday Saint leaders have conin 1925; 1.1 million in 1950; and in 1970 it is near 3 million. Howstantly sought "authentic findings"

ever, numerical growth alone is an inadequate index of the great (a phrase of President David O.

truths, progi'ams, influence, and accomplishments of the Church McKay) in telling the restoration and its members that have blessed mankind since April 6, 1830. story on the farms of its founders

The day was an important one—and the events of it will forever in New York.

be cherished in the hearts of millions of persons as "the only true Maximum benefit in visiting and living church upon the face of the tvhole earth, with which I, these areas is obviously gained by the Lord, am ivell pleased...."(D&C 1:30) understanding what to look for.

Excavators in 1969 located evidences of Inabitation at tiie site of the Peter

Wliitmer log house, west of presentday house used as visitors center on the

Whitmer farm.

Mrs. George Albert Smith and German

E. Ellsworth, in 1907, stand on the site

of the original Peter Whitmer home.

Barn in background was built by other owners of the property.

Oneand-a-half story log house, similar to the Peter Whitmer, Sr., home in

which the Church was organized in 1830, is still standing. This particular

house, built about 1836, is 18 by 24 feet and has an upper story with inside stairway and log construction resting on stones. (Photograph courtesy of

John S. Genung)

Dr. Richard Lloyd Anderson, professor of history and religion at

Brigham Young University, is a

Sunday School teacher in theChurch Was Organized Pleasant View First Ward.

Otherwise, one may be in the situstudies of John D. Giles and Carter A detailed study of the home that

ation of Emerson's traveler (who E. Grant 'Stand out.- The latest work was Church headquarters in the

visits ancient locations for status has deliberately involved experts in founding years is of no small value.

and not study ): "He carries ruins various disciplines: historians, arHistory of eternal significance was

to ruins."chaeologists, architects, and even made in or near that house: the

Under the leadership of Elder economists. With the gathering of completion of Book of Mormon

Mark E. Petersen of the Council of new evidence and testing by protranslation; the appearance of the

the Twelve and the direction of fessional standards, the findings of angel displaying plates to the three

Elder Marion D. Hanks, Assistant these earlier studies are basically witnesses; the first successful misto the Council of the Twelve, the confirmed. One may now conclude sionary work and resulting bapChurch Information Service has with assurance that the present tisms; the formal organization of the

sponsored a careful reinvestigation home on the Whitmer property is Church April 6, 1830; and the reof the houses on the farm of Peter not the place of Church organizaception by the Prophet of almost

Whitmer, Sr., where the Church tion. two dozen revelations. To research

was organized.* This project cliNew informaiton also better dethe Whitmer home is to relive

maxes investigation reaching back scribes the actual house that was modern miracles.

80 years, in which the competent standing at the time of the great Persons present during those "Information that the presentday socalled events of 182930 and furnishes an events never forgot them; hence,

the Peter was not Whitmer home home in in aproximate date for the erection of their vivid recollections are a main printed the Church was organized was which

Carter Era, MayE. 1959,Grant, p."Peter34-9. Whitmer's Log House,"the present home. source for incidental descriptions

Era, April 1970 17 Picture taken in 1907 shows relation of original Whitmer log house (left of barn) to the barn and presentday Greek

Revival home.

of the home. For example, Sidney arrive there until December 1830. in New York) and made the same

Rigdon was converted in Ohio in Since he remembered meeting "the pilgrimage as Rigdon to see the

September 1830 and soon traveled whole church"in the log home, one Prophet and learn his duty before to western New York to meet the must locate a conference, not an God. Speaking about the power of

Prophet of the new dispensation. ordinary gathering. Official minthe 183031 events in the Whitmer

At the peak of Church success at utes of that period list the second home, he said: "I well recollect

Nauvoo, Rigdon looked back upon conference as September 26, 1830, when I was a boy of nineteen visit- a particular New York meeting: "I at which time Rigdon had not yet ing the place where this Church

recollect in the year 1830, I met the arrived, and the third as January 2, was organized, and visiting the whole church of Christ in a little 1831. The latter is the only possible Prophet Joseph, who resided at that

old log house about 20 feet square, conference of his New York stay, time in Fayette, Seneca County, near Waterloo, N.Y...."and it was held at the Whitmer New York, at the house where the

The Whitmer home stood some home. (Orson Pratt remembered Church was organized."

two miles south of Waterloo, in both meeting there and the presElder Pratt recalled meeting

Fayette Township, a geographical ence of Rigdon. ) Therefore, Sidney Christian, David, and John Whitarea, not a village. Although PresiRigdon refers to the Whitmer resimer; recalled his personal reveladent Rigdon referred only to meetdence as a small "log house... tion of November 4, 1830; and

ing "near Waterloo,"it is clear that about 20 feet square."especially recalled the January 2,

the Whitmer home was intended. Orson Pratt had also been con1831, conference, attended by SidEarly sources agree that he did not verted in September 1830 (though ney Rigdon, "having just arrived

from the West, where he embraced mer's most specific comment on the know and to recall later his contact the Gospel...."'This "Httle conferhouse, however, mentions about 60 with the Whitmers. Marshall spent

ence"contained "pretty much all the people assembling on April 6, 1830, his "boyhood days"in rural Fayette,

Saints who lived in the State of for the organization meeting of the was 15 or more when he attended

New York,"'in actual number "less Church. Edward Stevenson rethe meetings in the Whitmer house,

than one hundred."Orson Pratt ported, "David's father's two rooms and was apparently keen of mind

usually referred to the place of were filled with members...."- to his death, at which time he was

meeting simply as the Whitmer Such a meeting would be impracserving as a trustee and deacon in house, identifying it frequently as ticable in two rooms unless they his Presbyterian congregation.

the organization home of the were on the same floor. The first After leaving Marshall, Jenson

Church. But his earliest known conference (June 1, 1830) conand his party went directly to the

comments furnish simple descripsisted of "about thirty,"according Whitmer farm and talked with the tions: "In one small room of a log, to the Prophet, who mentions that tenant farmer, Chester Reed. He in

house, nearly all the Latterday many were so overcome then "that turn was a source of information

Saints, (east of Ohio) were collected we had to lay them on beds, or on the old home, since the Jenson together.""Undoubtedly referring other convenient places.""One letter mentioned him as "the present

to the same house, the historianwould assume a close proximity to occupant"who "rents"the farm.

apostle recalled that "all who bethe main meeting for these beds. Although born as late as 1836, Reed

longed to the Church at that time So the "two rooms"of David Whitcan be clearly traced in vital recmight occupy a small room about mer's description were probably ords as living in Fayette to the turn the size of fifteen feet by tioentij."'adjoining on the first floor and one, of the century. Since Reed showed

Thus Sidney Rigdon and Orson a bedroom, was perhaps that in Jenson the remains of the Whitmer

Pratt agree on both the type of which Lucy Smith waited for the house in 1888, this farmer unhome and its approximate dimenreturn of her son and the three witdoubtedly had personal knowledge sions. nesses, and the place of their elated of what it looked like earlier. Even

David Whitmer also mentioned reunion.'before Reed farmed this land, the

his father's home in a few of the Where did Peter Whitmer's house location of the Whitmer home and eightyodd interviews preserved stand? That question, together with its background were well known.

from him. A reporter who visited further insight into its structure, One proof of this is the advertisewith "members of the family"(but was answered by Andrew Jenson ment offering the property in 1869:

not David ) wrote, "the house of the on the basis of personal investiga- "THE MORMON FARM FOR senior Whitmer was a primitive tion in the neighborhood. Given SALE!"'In sum, the Jenson party

and poorly designed structure...."'the mission of gathering informatalked to one who attended meetIt is not likely that the interviewer tion still available, Andrew Jenson, ings in the Whitmer home in 1829would make such a statement exEdward Stevenson, and Joseph S. 30 and another who knew the

cept on the basis of family informaBlack visited the chief scenes of building from later observation.

tion (and David's wife knew the LDS history. They arrived at From this identifiable local

home as well as he). The present Fayette October 2, 1888, and joined knowledge, the 1888 investigation

house on the Whitmer property is in reporting their findings in a reported: "The old Whitmer house,

certainly not a "primitive structure."letter that was evidently composed in which the Church was organized

Some have objected to a log by Andrew Jenson. (In several... was a oneand-a-half story log

home as not being large enough to later writings, he repeated the same house. It was torn down many years

hold the entire Whitmer family, tophraseology in describing the ago, but the site on which it stood gether with Joseph, Emma, and event.) Just before locating the is well known and was pointed out

Oliver, during the Book of Mormon Whitmer farm, they "came to the to us. The old family well is still

translation—and the first three house of an aged gentleman by the there; also several of the logs which

conferences of the Church. But the name of John Marshall, who had once constituted a part of the

1830 census lists the Christian and attended meetings in Whitmer's building, lay along the fence half

Jacob Whitmer families as separate house when a boy and had heard decayed."

households from that of Peter WhitJoseph and a number of other early Edward Stevenson, who apmer, Sr., a possible indication of elders of the Church preach."Marpended his name to the foregoing

other small residences on or near shall's biographical sketch shows statement, recorded his agreement the Whitmer property. David Whitthat he was in a position both to with it. His handwritten journal

Era, April 1970 19 fmmimfmiiim

A Most Important Volume!

New and Timely Book

Why the senior apostle becomes the president of the Church?

Background to the John Taylor succession?

How the Keys'are given?

The position of apostles not in the

Quorum of the Twelve? ReedCJurhap

and Stewen'Mteith Whether age has a part in seniority of the Quorum?

1 The longest period the Church was without a Quorum of the First Presidency?

$3.25 Tracesciples governingthe developmentsuccessionof thetoprinthe

PREPUBLICATION office of President of the Church. A

OFFER brief biography of every Apostle showing how each has fitted into picture. the succession A fascinat- $000''IwP post pai(

will dispel ing doubt book which until June 1, 1970 and speculation.

SUNDAY SCHOOL SUPERINTENDENTS & WARD LIBRARIANS

SPECIAL (a)(b) Comp.Comp. Bof ofAntonM names,Trans.OldReformedWorld Names,EgypTHE RED while they last! tian, (c) Mod. Highways Mormon Trails,

(d) Comp. B of M, (e) Hist. Guide B of M, CARPET

(f) 3 Witnesses B of M, (g) 8 Witnesses B of M, (h) Jaredite Possible Rts., (i) Journeys Btwn. Reprinted of Nephi (j) Ancient and Zarahemla, Land

Jerusalem, (k) Leaders During 500 years by popular

Nephite History, (I) History House of Israel, - demand (m) Possible B of M Sites, (n) Eastern Scenes,

Early Church History, (o) Western Scenes,

Early Church History, (p) Utah Hist. Map, By Ezra Taft Benson

3 color, fully illustrated (q) Map United States, (r) Palestine, Time of The former Secretary of Agriculture charts. Christ, (s) Lehi's Travels Old World, (t) Map discloses the internal threat to

Regularly 750 each. of Utah, (u) Significant Journeys in the Book America—socialism, the red carpet

of Mormon. to communism. $3.95 NOWQKOeach When you order 10 or more at a time

circled NAME the following Please send 1848 WestBOOKCRAFT

I have enclosed for which book(s) South 2300 ADDRESS

P.O. Box 268 check or money order in the amount CITY

Salt Lake City, of $ Utah 84110 1 2 3 STATEResidents of Utah add AV2% sales tax. ZIP.,

Specify charts by letter

contains the following entry: "The describes the Book of Mormon Lord...."-* It is apparent that this

old well still stands there, but only translation as going on in the upper "chamber"was a private place, a little of the IV2 story log house story. away from the traffic of the main

remains in ruins. We eat apples in A remarkable Latterday Saint room. One older meaning of

the new house...."Stevenson's source does the same. In 1829 "chamber"was an upstairs beddescription is doubly significant, for Sarah Conrad was an unmarried room, and Lucy Smith in 1845

he had spent more time with David housekeeper in the Whitmer home refers to the upper story of their

Whitmer than any other known inand was converted through, watchsimilar 1830 house as "the chamterviewer, talking with him at ing the unusual process of translaber."-''One of the notable occurlength in 1877, 1886, and 1887 tion. Oliver B. Huntington met her rences of that period was "the voice

about early Church history. There at an old folks outing in 1897 and of God in the chamber of old

is strong probability that Stevenson recorded her story in his diary Father Whitmer, in Fayette...."

knew about the old house indepen- "I conversed with one old lady These revelations probably came to dently by talking with David, who 88 years old who lived with David the Prophet in the same upperstory had died in the beginning of 1888. Whitmer when Joseph Smith and room in which much of the Book of

The most graphic picture of what Oliver Cowdery were translating Mormon was translated.

the three visitors of 1888 saw was the Book of Mormon in upper room One main question concerning recorded in Bishop Joseph S. of the house, and she, only a girl, Father Whitmer's house has been

Black's notebook: "Sept. 28th, 5:20. saw them come down from the raised but not answered—its precise

I am now sitting on a rotten log, translating room several times, location. For this we must return

which once formed part of the when they looked so exceedingly to Andrew Jenson. He evidently

Whitmer house, in which the white and strange that she inquired kept the location of the old home church was organized. It was a of Mrs. Whitmer the cause of their in his mind without reducing it to

double log house, 1% story and is unusual appearance...."writing. John D. Giles talked with

now torn down, and some of the Obviously the spiritual power of Andrew Jenson about this. He also

logs lie by the well, which is a little the inspired servants of God was conferred with Samuel J. Ferguson,

northwest from the house and is what bewildered 18year-old Sarah for many years branch president of good yet. They have built a new and impelled her to investigate. Palmyra and district leader in the

house a little to the northeast of the But once again an occupant of area. Ferguson had visited the

old location on a little higher the household fixes "the translatWhitmer farm with Andrew Jenson ground. The place where the old ing room"as an "upper room of in the 1920s and was "shown by

house stood is now covered with the house."Sarah Conrad Bunnell Brother Jenson the place which he

beautiful clover."stressed both points as she told the had visited in 1888 when he, EdIt is now possible to complete an same story to her granddaughter, ward Stevenson and Joseph Black

interior description. A "one and Pearl Bunnell Newell, who at 86 had seen some of the logs of the

onehalf story log house"obviously vividly remembers her grandold house in their original posihad space upstairs. In one of his mother's description: "And she said tions."Giles and Ferguson prepared

most detailed interviews, David they would go up into the attic, a joint statement identifying the

Whitmer related a story about the and they would stay all day. When location that Andrew Jenson reProphet's translation of the Book of they came down, they looked more membered:

Mormon to show the need of conlike heavenly beings than they did "Brother Ferguson took me to the stant humility. Joseph was out of just ordinary men."''place which had been pointed out

patience with Emma on a houseThese descriptions help the stuby Brother Jenson and which is the hold matter. David related: "Oliver dent of Church history visualize same that Brother Jenson told me

and I went up stairs, and Joseph other spiritual events. Orson Pratt was the location of the old house.

came up soon after to continue the remembered the place of the The location indicated is near the translation, but he could not do Prophet's revelation November 4, southwest corner of the large barn anything."Only after "he went 1830: "He retired into the chamber on the Peter Whitmer farm."''This

downstairs, out into the orchard"to of old Father Whtmer.... John large barn stood some 70 yards dipray, and then made reconciliation Whitmer acted as his scribe, and I rectly west of the present home on

with his wife, could he continue the accompanied him into the chamber, the property. Though it is now torn

translation. A story of great spirifor he had told me that it was my down, its location is known through

tual significance, it incidentally privilege to have the word of the photographs and its relationship to

Era, April 1970 21...

Special Introductory

the still existing silo footings.

Therefore, the Jensen location {Ijjdays only!

passed on to Giles and Ferguson is identifiable.

The JensonStevenson investigations of 1888 are verified by two c other historically significant visits to the Whitmer home at the turn of the century. Two missionaries

stayed in nearby Waterloo during the winter of 189697: W. F. Brim

and Theodore T. Burton, the father

of Elder Theodore M. Burton, AsEspecially for the women of the Church.. sistant to the Council of the Twelve.

MISSION FOR MOTHER, by Hugh Allred $3.95 They met another individual with

7. MOTHERHOOD -A PARTNERSHIP WITH GOD, by Harold personal knowledge of the Mormon

Lundstrom $3.75 meetings in Fayette in 182931: 8. JOSEPH SMITH BY HIS MOTHER, by Lucy Mack Smith...$3.75

Great for children.. "That person was an old man

9. AMONG THE SHOSHONES, by Elijah Nicholas Wilson $3.50 named Joseph Alleman, now aged

10. BIBLE STORIES FOR YOUNG L.D.S., by Emma Marr Petersen 84 years, who knew Peter Whit-

$3.50 Marr mer and had heard the Prophet 11. STORY OF OUR CHURCH FOR YOUNG L.D.S., by Emma

Petersen $3.50 Joseph Smith preach."Since

1. PASSPORT TO SURVIVAL.by Esther

Dickey $3.bU Must reading for teenagers.. AUeman's actual birthdate was Jan-

2. OUT OF THE BEST BOOKS, by 12. YOU AND YOUR MARRIAGE, by Hugh B. Brown $3.00 uary 1814, he would have been 15

.$3.25 13. B. Clark, Robert K. Thomas.Bruce FOR STORIES BOOK OF MORMON YOUNG LATTERDAY

by Petersen SAINTS, $3.50 or more at the Mormon preaching by Lindsay Emma Marr TOPICS,3. TALKABLE

Curtis, M.D $3.50 14. MEANINGFUL LIVING, by Paul H. Dunn $3.00 in Fayette. He surely knew the

4. OF THE DOCTRINE MESSAGE THE meeting Whitmer his home, for help library systematically you build To your A. Widtsoe by John& COVENANTS,

by Richard Vetterli.. $3.95 CHOICE, 15. THE & THE CHALLENGE $3.50 the neighborhood, land was in and

E. Petersen $3.95 5. PEACE, by Mark 16. THE TO WAY SHALL DO WITH LOVE? WHAT WE

W. Sill $3.95 "in boyhood years"he "attended the INFINITIES, by Sterling Jr THE THREE Ernest Eberhard, $3.25 17. by

district schools of Fayette."- Theoqualify joining price, book for (Premium does not Please send $1.79 membership my special me as as dore T. Burton's diary details many

resign or alternate). regular Club selection I may circled the following book (circle bonus one number) a

4 at books. after purchasing For each any time 4 visits with this "regular old timer."

I I will valuable receive a books bonus book accept

Also send the following circled book(s) as my first free—a savings of 20%. 4.75 The two missionaries also went to

regular Club Selection: Books LDS Name area farm the Whitmer more than

7 11 13 14 8 9 12 10 15 16 17 Address once about they LDS Books 6 and wrote what in order or the amount of $ Check money

City,,. for is selection. enclosed as payment my Inc. Club, learned. Burton diary has the The Club an as and send firstmemberClub LDS Books me

P.O. 400 Box State Zip a to agree purchase reviews. monthly Enrollme following entry 14, dated December of or only in U.S. and Canada. selections alternates regular (Good 4 Residents of Utah I Clubhereby minimum City, Salt Lake

Utah 84110 during the next 12 months at the regular advertised add i''7% sales tax). Offer Expires lune 15, 1970. 1896:

"Bro. Brim and myself went down

to the old Peter Whitmer farm, now known as the Deshler farm, owned by Jesse Snook of Waterloo, and stood on the spot where the church

OFFSET PRESSMEN AND STRIPPERS washas beenorganized.torn downThe oldfor alognumberhouse

We need journeymen, offset pressmen and strippers of years, but the old well which is still of in front the house for our modern new plant: Press sizes up to 54". stood

..."*'letter to there. the Deseret A

Excellent benefits and working conditions. Send News from both elders says the

summary to: same thing in slightly modified

PUBLISHER'S PRESS language.

1900 West 2300 South As stated, one source of their knowledge was Joseph Alleman, Salt Lake City, Utah 84119

who heard the Prophet preach, pretr.-ff-f- ifTirTiffr

sumably in the Whitmer home. At

the Whitmer farm they undoubtedly met Chester Reed, the same tenant farmer who gave information to Jenson and Stevenson. The

county directory of two years prior /*> to the BurtonBrim visit hsts Chester Reed, who "works on shares for

Jesse Snook, of Waterloo, farm 100,"the latter figure being the 'iltip(t;l

proper acreage for that land."

The most significant visit to con-:JJfihi?//w'

firm the JensonStevenson findings was that of Elder George Albert

Ikslfh'pSmith of the Council of the Twelve. uMm

He purchased for the Church the

Smith farm at Palmyra in the summer of 1907. Intensely interested ihitU YM:j

in historical questions, he took his JJUirluflint. /911

wife and mission president German SJ(>II\

E. Ellsworth on a side trip to the Sfuh'k

place of Church organization. His

journal for that day reads in part:

"We got our automobile and went to old home of Peter Whitmer at v/.v.v

Fayette, where the church was or2a ganized April 6, 1830.... Chester

Reed now lives on the Whitmer llfLnuJ) Johu ] farm. The old house is torn

down...."Part of an 1852 map showing the ing Schott and Jolley homes, from

L-shaped John Deshler home on the which came early members of the

Later, Carter E. Grant, teacherWhitmer property. Note also neighborChurch.

historian and an ordained patriarch, took down the recollections of the large barn on the Peter Whitstone foundation of the old house.

of President Smith's traveling commer farm."West of the bam there was a rock

panion. German E. Ellsworth reIt is important to realize that the outcropping, all the more noticeable

membered that the party made person who identified the decaying because "on the Peter Whitmer their visit "with the purpose in logs for JensonStevenson in 1888 farm there is hardly a rock availmind of locating and photographwas the same individual who able big enough to throw at a ing the exact spot where once stood showed the log house site to Smithbird.""

the old Peter Whitmer log home."Ellsworth in 1907. Ellsworth reJohn D. Giles located the site

Before the visitors took pictures, membered his comment, "The old as pointed out by Andrew Jenson, there was considerable discussion to log house was torn down many the same place as the rock outcropsatisfy them that the site pointed years ago, but this is the exact spot ping occurred, as verified in out was authentic. Specifically, it where it stood. "'''Because Chester conversations with Owen T. Howwas reached by "going around the Reed lived in the vicinity and on ard (caretaker from 1941 to 1946)

south end"of the large barn, and that land while the remains of the and William Lee Powell ( caretaker the party stopped "about fifty feet older house still existed, he spoke from 1946 to 1952). In haying

or so back of the barn."The in 1907 with knowledge.""operations, the Powells ran equipphotograph then taken by George Rocks are more durable than logs, ment over this area and uncovered

Albert Smith confirms the site and and two former caretakers of the part of the foundation of a small agrees with Andrew Jenson's identiWhitmer farm are still alive who building; "So my son and I comfication, "near the southwest corner remember what was evidently the pleted uncovering it, and we took

Era, April 1970 23 the measurements. It was 20 feet domestic use."a plat of all properties and owners.

wide and 30 feet long."'* When the tourist arrives at the The map is distinctive because it

These stones were subsequently Whitmer property today, he sees diagrams house shapes. The "Morremoved in an attempt to preserve not the rustic house in which the mon farm"was then owned by John

them, destroying the markers of Church was organized, but a white Deshler, whose house appears in the precise location pointed out by and columned Greek Revival home, the distinctive "L-shape"known to

Jenson to Giles and by Giles to the which contains exhibits portraying visitors until 1969, when remodelcaretakers of this property. Howthe founding revelations of the ing added an east wing. The 1852

ever, Irvin T. Nelson, Church landChurch. Obviously historic in its map accurately pictures the outline

scape architect, became interested own right, this house brings inand directions of the pre1969 in the knowledge of William Lee evitable questions concerning its house. "

Powell, who returned and identified date of construction. Jenson and The discoverer of the above map

the location of the stone foundaStevenson were told in 1888 that the was John S. Genung, prominent

tion. After his markers were old house was torn down "many Waterloo businessman and historian

removed to facilitate farming operayears ago,"specified as 15 years in of the society, without whose contions, the Church Information one statement. From this the constant help LDS research in Seneca

Service authorized another trip this clusion arose that the new home County would not have been pospast summer for Brother Powell, was built about 1873. But the primisible. Recently he and Larry C.

who relocated the site of the rock tive dwelling was not necessarily Porter made a thorough check of foundation. torn down at the time the modem about twenty houses built prior to

The Church Information Service one was built. Earlier homes were 1852, and their shapes all correalso sought to obtain any knowlgenerally log, replaced by frame sponded precisely to the 1852

edge that archaeology might throw structures, but the older buildings map.'Such local correlation inon the original Peter Whitmer frequently remained as barns or sures accuracy. Larry C. Porter is

home. Dale L. Berge, BYU faculty'utility buildings. If the Whitmer now field representative for the

member with considerable experilog home was demolished about BYU Library in New York and has ence in excavating Mormon homes 1873, in all likelihood the present spent untold hours in Utah and in Nauvoo, brought a small crew to dwelling was built many years beNew York to make the conclusions the Whitmer site in late summer fore that.-- of this article sound.

of 1969. Other foundation stones New buildings cause increases in Since it is now certain that the

were found on the site, together tax valuation, but the early assesspresent home was built by 1852, with remnants of human activity. ment records in Fayette cannot be its builder was evidently John

These were confined to a location located. Even though sale prices Deshler, who purchased the Whit-

"approximately thirty by forty feet and census estimates of worth exist mer property in 1831. At that time

and nearly in the same area pointed for the farm, the nineteenth century Deshler ("late of the state of out by Mr. Powell."Professor Berge dollar fluctuated, and inferences are Pennsylvania") was a young marfound that objects, "including cob- a matter of probability.*'"Similar ried man of 25 with a twoyear-old

ble stones, dramatically disapGreek Revival homes in the area child. Six more children were born

peared"as trenches moved away reach to about 1840. Nauvoo in the next dozen years. On a new

from the supposed cabin site. Restoration architect Steven Baird farm, he would probably not have

Therefore, he concluded: recently examined the present the means to build the Greek Re-

"Some type of structure must Whitmer farm home and estimated vival home until sometime in the have occupied this location. If it its construction between 1840 and 1840s.**

had been a barn, corral, com crib, 1850, but this again is only probaLatter-day Saints visit the Whittool shed, or any other type of farm bility."Yet one precise historical mer home to commemorate the

structure, one would expect a comtool fixes 1852 as the latest date spirituality of the infant church.

pletely different assemblage of possible for the present home on They should envision the pioiieer artifacts than was unearthed. We the property. home, a symbol of industry and

found bottle glass, glass dishes, The collections of the Waterloo simplicity of the Godfearing Whitporcelain, ironstone, shell carLibrary and Historical Society conmers. Perhaps the known features

tridges, drainage tile, square nails tain a large rolltype map ( approxiof this early log house will provide and coal. All of these artifacts remately 3'x 4/2') of Seneca County, a model for reconstruction to perflect a structure designed for published in 1852, which contains mit the visitor to "step into 1830."

Orson Pratt had strong feelings BecauseappropriateDeanto Jesseeacknowledgelocated Black'shis valuablediary, itasis about the latterday realities symHistorian'ssistance and Office.that of hisTheassociatesquotationat followsthe Churchthe

bolized by the Whitmer home: manuscript,21 Interviewnot oftheWilliamtypescript.H. Kelley with David

"That house will, no doubt, be celeWhitmer,Vol. 29 (MarchSeptember1, 1882),15, 1881,p. 68.Saints'Herald,

brated for ages to come as the one 1900,22 DiaryPart II,of p.Oliver415 (typescriptB. Huntington,BYU). 1847He is

chosen by the Lord in which to slightlySeptemberin error19, 1810.on age,FranksinceEsshom,her birthdatePioneersis

make known the first elements of and1913),ProminentPart II, Menp. 780.of UtahEarly(SaltProvoLakerecordsCity,

the organization of His Kingdom theshowfamilythat Sarahconfirms,was also called Sallie, which

Rose of Carma with Anderson in the latter days."*'O Pearl23 InterviewBunnell Newell, February 10, 1970, transscribed by Kristin marriage Bowman. The noFOOTNOTES Sarah's residence in Fayette:

1 of, to Letter D. Giles, David John O. McKay Mr. of tice"MARRIEDconfirms... DAVID BUNNELL

Salt City, Giles Utah; 1946, Lake 28,January to Jersey Miss of New SARAH CONRAD

papers, Archives. BYIJ Seneca (Waterloo, Farmer New

2 Whitmer's Grant, "Peter E. Carter See Log Fayette."York), April 1830. 21,

of the WhitWhereabouts 24 "TheHouse,"and Vol. 17, of speech JD, p. 290, February 7,

Era, Vol. Improvement Themer Log Home,"1875.

2.') 349ff., Vol. 65 and62 pp. cit,, (May 1959), Smith, op. Lucy 16364. pp. Her

250ff. (April study His done was pp. 1962), manuscript was completed 1845. by

Historic Sites underfor Committee the 128:21. LDS 2GD&C

Morris. Elder 2 7 of directionthe George Q. Statement of Samuel Ferguson J. and

3 April Minutes, 6, Times 1844, Giles, Conference D. John July 26, carbon in 1950, copy available sure, there's help If you're not Seasons, 1, 522. p. Vol. 5 Giles atand 1844), papers (May BYIJ.

of a monthly the through pages LISTEN, refers 28 actual the to 1830, RigdonAlthough Interview with Brim, F. Deseret W. News,

into days held twomeeting living. Italics was remembered better to 2, June 1898. devoted added. magazine

29 shows. paragraph as the next Portrait1831, and

historical of writings Joseph Schuyler Smith, and Counties, 4 The BiographicalNew YorkRecord(Newof SenecaYork, all Smith, Knight NewelLucy give Decemand p. 408. 1895),

ber 1830 as the date of Rigdon's arrival in New 30 Journal of Theodore T. Burton, December

York. entry 14, at an of appearing 1896, the back

5 (hereinafter Discourses Journal of JD), Vol. the book under Memoranda.

of 5, 1870. speech 31 356, p. 13, May Letter of T. F. Burton Theodore and W.

of speech Vol. p. 29, January 372, 7, JD, Brim, January 19, Waterloo, York, 1897, New

1860. Deseret News, 1897. 30, January

7 of Vol. p. 7, speech February 292, 17, 32 JD, Child, Business Hamilton Reference Direc1875. Seneca of County, Falls, York (Seneca New

of 104-5, 14, Vol. speech s JD, 17, pp. June York, 1894), p. 82. Newtory

estimates, various Pratt1874. Although 33 made of Journal Albert Smith, George 12, June

figures, small context tomost tend and this Italics 1907. added.

definite figure inindicates that he had 34 no of Statement Ellsworth, E. OctoGerman

mind. ber City, in full 1955, 27, Salt Lake quoted

Italics1860. added. 35 Ibid.

10 of p. Vol. 10, 176, speech 7, JD, July 36 17. n. Cf.

Italics1859. added. 37 of T. Interview Larry by Howard Owen

11 Tribune, 1885. Chicago 17, December 1. typescript, Porter, C. 7, p. 1969, May

12 of Journal Stevenson, 2, January Edward 38 of Interview Larry Powell Lee William by

Italics1887. added. 2. typescript, Porter, C. p. 26, July 1969,

13 Seasons, Vol. 1, Times and 4 (December 39 at L. the Berge, "Excavations Peter Dale

cit. also the History 2223; of1842), pp. at report Fayette, York,"Whitmer Home, New

Christ Saints Latterday JesusChurch of of the the Nineteenth ArAnnual Symposium on (Salt 85. City, Vol. Lake p. 1, 1946), the of Scriptures Allied chaeology Fields, and

14 Smith, Sketches Biographical Lucy of Saturday, 1969. 18, October minor Very

the ProphetJoseph (Liverpool, Smith 1853), pp. in spelling changes punctuation have been and

sitting parents a13839. in Joseph's "were this in quotation other in quotations and made

for to return. the waitingbedroom,"group article. the

is likely especially the place,Downstairs more:!9a this of the writing Since paragraph, Larry

a afternoon.on June reports C. Porter in (located the an 1859 map

cit. also JSDeseret News. 11, October 1888; clerk's Seneca office) County showing two Information, Stevenson, andAndrew Infancy Jenson Edward standing then homes the on of Map

the City, facts, (Salt 40. p. Church Lakeof and people 1888), $4.00 Seneca Counties, Cayuga and (PhilaYork property.New

16 Portrait Biographical Seneca and Record of delphia, R. A. 1859). Dawson, reallife year per stories with

Schuyler York, Countiesand (New 40 1895), pp. T. Larry Infanger, Carlton Z.Winimer and tell. chilto can for your These do more is Birthdate38283. 1814. 10, January at economists consider construction that BYU,

Observer Seneca lecturing, of (Waterloo, pleadYork), dren than n any amount of is New the between home new 1850 and 1830 1869.October 29, the conveyance 30, March likely, based valuations most on decades from by ing, demanding. and

of to of William1871, the Tubbs Cf.Hogan John to 1870. 1830

asland the 41 Farm.""known Seneca Mormon of Letter T. to Baird Steven Elder Marion is first to to subscribe step The LISTEN Office, Clerk'sCounty 561. p. Book 87, The D. Hanks, October 1969.

j'ournalobituar>'of father, nation's Chester with indiReed's outstanding 42 John, Topographical Seneca County, of 10,Map New—the thatcated resident he of that been had "a York, for al- T. made J. Delafield Gibnarcotics, by WUliam positive ideas drugs, about

. [Fayette] for over seventyfive years.town.."son, 1852. gift a cohol, Include tobacco. subandWaterloo Observer, February 1881. 43 23, of Letter Larry Porter C. to Richard L.

18 friend. scription at Ref. for 15. Italics note a added. Anderson, January 30, Palmyra, 1970, New

19 of Journal Stevenson, Edward York. September

Italics 1888.28, added. 44 Information on Deshler comes deeds, from

20 of Diary Black, Smith Joseph 18361910, the census, family 1850 genealogy. and

74. p. 45BYU Cf. p. 72: Vol. p. JD, 12, of speech 88, August

will"I extracts Italicsfrom notebook."make typescript,now 1869. added.my 11, TljlJLJl/J3iICTinW SaltP-O- LakeBox 11471City, Utah 84111

Please send me yearly subscriptions to "Listen"at $4.00 eacli in U.S.A. and Canada. $4.25 overseas. My check /money order

IS enclosed for $ Send to:

Of Age NameBy Virginia Scott Miner Address City.StateZip She filled the years too full

To take the time to count them. dressesGIFT subscriptionson attached sheet.to.names and adNote: Inquire about bulk subscriptions for

MIA, Institute of Religion, and Seminary groups.

Era, April 1970 25 Right Elder Hunter discusses ryew assignment as Church Historian.

Far right: Elder Hunter examines

old minute book in written records sect/on of library.

Below: Lauritz G. Petersen,

research supervisor, and Elder

Hunter view painting by CCA. Christensen, one of

many paintings and photographs in Church Historian's library.

Elder Hunter, HowardW Church Historian

By Jay M. Todd

Assistant Managing Editor

The First Presidency has called Elder Howard W. with "preaching and expounding, writing, copying,

Hunter of the Council of the Twelve to succeed Presiselecting, and obtaining all things which shall be for dent Joseph Fielding Smith as Church Historian and the good of the church, and for the rising generations..."(D&C 69:8.) general Church recorder. Elder Hunter thus becomes that shall grow up on the land.

the sixteenth man in this dispensation to be charged President Smith has served as Church Historian for

49 years, since 1921—the longest period served by any married Clara May Jeffs. After marriage he worked

previous Church Historian. During his nearly half in banking until he completed his law studies in 1939.

century as Church Historian, he has seen the historian's In 1941 he was called as bishop of the El Sereno staff grow from 12 employees in 1920 to a present staff Ward, and nine years later he became president of the of 48. The holdings in the written records, manuPasadena Stake. He was called to the Council of the

script, and library section are presently estimated at Twelve in 1959. Five years later he was appointed

more than 260,000 volumes and about one million president of the Genealogical Society. In this calling

documents, pamphlets, photos, and recordings. he has won for the Church immense respect and

"When I was called to a meeting of the First Presitribute, as the Genealogical Society has become world dency and they called me to serve as Church Hisfamous among professional organizations for its torian, I was taken so completely by surprise that progressive recordkeeping activities.

I didn't at the moment feel the impact of the awesome Elder Hunter will continue to serve as president responsibility of this assignment,"said Elder Hunter of the Genealogical Society; as supervisor of the mis- '

in a recent interview. sions of the South Pacific, Australia, and New Zealand;

"President Smith had been the Church Historian as chairman of the Polynesian Cultural Center in for so many years that I could hardly visualize myself Hawaii; as chairman of the New World Archaeological

in that position. However, after further consultations Foundation of Brigham Young University; as a memwith the First Presidency and having reread the revelaber of the board of directors of Beneficial Life Insurtions of the Lord that refer to the office, 1 am quite ance Company; and on several other Churchrelated

overwhelmed with its importance and responsibility."boards and committees.

When asked about the overall charge of the office, The office of Church Historian and general Church

Elder Hunter said, "As I read the revelations, there recorder was one of the first established by the Lord are definitely two sides of the Church Historian's when the Church was organized. Indeed, on the day

responsibility. One is as an archivist, to collect and the Church was organized, April 6, 1830, the first

preserve those things that will be of value in the Church recorder was appointed. This was Oliver

future. This encompasses writings of all kinds as well Cowdery, who was also sustained as Second Elder. He

as objects of art, artifacts, and other things that have served as Church recorder for about one year. Followrelevance to the Church and its organization, growth, ing are the succeeding Church Historians, recorders,

and history. The other responsibility is to build the or clerks and their approximate lengths of service (all

living side of the history by recording the events of were assigned in one way or another to fill the charge the times. given the Church Historian and general Church

"Truthfully, the assignment as given by the Lord recorder ): John Whitmer ( 4 years ), Oliver Cowdery

through revelation is tremendously challenging—both (2 years), George W. Robinson (3 years), John Corin fulfilling the task of collection and writing and rill (1 year), Elias Higbee (5 years), Robert Blashel

in making the material of use to the members of the Thompson (1 year as Church clerk), James Sloan (2

Church. years as Church clerk), Willard Richards (11 years),

"I think that most people have an interest in hisGeorge A. Smith (16 years), Albert Carrington (4

tory, and I, too, have had a very deep interest in years), Orson Pratt (7 years), Wilford Woodruff history. I have a 20volume work containing the his- (6 years), Franklin Dewey Richards (11 years),

tory of civilizations, which I have enjoyed reading Anthon H. Lund (21 years), and Joseph Fielding

and rereading. I believe that when we understand Smith (49 years). All who have served since and inwhat has gone on in the past, we can make better cluding Elder Willard Richards have been members

plans for the future,"Elder Hunter added. of the Council of the Twelve. Six have been called

The new Church Historian was bom in Boise, Idaho, to the First Presidency: Oliver Cowdery, Willard

November 14, 1907. As a youth he was the second Richards, George A. Smith, Albert Carrington, Anthon

boy in Idaho to become an Eagle Scout. He liked H. Lund, and Joseph Fielding Smith. Two have been

music, and toured the Orient with his own band before called as President of the Church: President Wilford

moving to California to make his home. In 1931 he Woodruff and President Joseph Fielding Smith. O

Era. April 1970 27

%>\ ft **. JC3X&

* % i'

o

,*i*

'*"'"*.% f* *i/"

i

Top left: "A Prophet,"in bronze, by Larry Prestwich

Top right: "The Iron Rod,"in acrylic, by Robert L. Shepherd

Above, left:

"Laman,"in plaster, by Award Fairbanks

Above, right;

"Old Nauvoo,"in oil, by Dayid E. Garrison

Left: "Scene at

Nauvoo, Illinois:

Mississippi River from Temple Hill,'in oil, by Ethel S. Paul -if #.*

''mi

Festival of Mormon Art A Reproduced on these pages are representative of God on earth"and to express the messagfe of entries in the first Festival of Mormon Art, held the gospel through art. Readers will note variety

last year at Brigham Young University. More in style, message, and technique.

than sixty artists from throughout the Church When the Lord instructed Moses on Mount responded to the challenge to submit something Sinai about erecting the tabernacle, he gave "to contribute to the upbuilding of the kingdom him the names of talented Israelite artisans who

Top left "Moroni Instructing His Generals in the Fortification of Cities,"in oil, by Gary Kapp

Top right: "I See You, God,"in acrylic, by James Christensen Left: "The Prophet 4

Joseph Smith and 1* the Plates,"in oil, by Harold D. 3 4

Petersen

ti 5 %

Right: "And t

Saw Another Angel,"etching, by Dennis Smith were to create appropriate works of art for the lenge to all who desire to consecrate their structure. In so doing, he described these men talents to the upbuilding of the kingdom of God

in an interesting manner: "... and in the hearts on earth.

of all that are wise hearted I have put wisdom, The 1970 festival began in midMarch and will that they make all that I have commanded thee."continue through April. This year the festival

(Exod. 31:6. ) This designation of "wise hearted"includes music, drama, some forms of creative

aptly fits the goal of Latterday Saint artists who writing, and art. Representative entries from

submitted original works to the Festival of this second festival will be published in future

Mormon Art. Certainly the description is a chalissues. o

Top left: "The Hill Cumorah,"in oil, by Donald F. Allan; top right: "Moroni Depositing the Plates,"in oil, by Larry Prestwich; bottom left: "Heritage,"in oil, by William J. Parkinson; bottom center: "Other Sheep,"in wood, by Rodney L. Rowe;

bottom right: "Ordination Day,"in oil, by Trevor Southey

Wm- **,. &

. wvMwk4iijafe<*,4*i4-;.

sw;.p.=asf.i, -**f w*i*

}3BjfeSe,i--.*tA;

iitfiirilfiiniiffl Miniiiii You try to keep saying your prayers and ask God to make things better, but I guess sometimes God hears all the prayers that aren't said.

When it's dark and everything is black, you know there isn't any heaven anywhere. That's the way

it was when Mama and us kids Far How left our home and went away,

I was glad there wasn't a swing at the new place. There were no

mountains either, so even if Daddy Is Heaven? had been there, we couldn't have

By Sadie H. Greenhalgh gone hunting rocks in the old truck.

Last summer it was a little bit

In Sunday School they talk about walks and mowed lawns. The like heaven once more. I went to

heaven. Sometimes it seems so far, water in the streams sparkles more, see my daddy. He looked just the

far away. Sometimes it seems that and it is so clear you can about same to me. He said I was bigger

it could be closer, but it isn't really. see through it. It runs different in three years. His old truck had

I like to think of the times, a long than in city ditches, don't you worn out, but he had made another time ago, when on some days it think? one with a camper on it. When we

seemed a little bit closer than it When a new baby came to our went fishing and looking for things, is now. house, that was a little bit like we could even stay all night. SomeWhen we bought our new house, heaven too. Babies even smell like times I'd dream when we got home

I wasn't very big. I was big they come from heaven, and everythe next day that maybe, just mayenough to tend my two little sisters one in the house is so happy. I be, there could be a miracle and

and to know that Mama and Daddy would touch its little soft fingers Mama and my sisters would be were happy. and toes and kiss its forehead. We there. Before we got there I quit

I liked the big tree on the lawn, would all be quiet when it slept. thinking, 'cause I knew they

and one of the first things Daddy I am sure there will be grandmas wouldn't. Me and Dad would fry

did was to make a swing. I used and grandpas in heaven, because some meat and open a can of

to think heaven might be right they, have so much love, and love beans. We acted like we were

behind one of those pretty white has to be up there. I'm not sure happy, and we sorta were.

clouds in the blue sky. I'd pump about the horses on Grandpa's Only now I know for sure heaven

hard and go really high, trying to farm. They would make it happy is a long, long way away—farther

reach it. It didn't matter much up there, but maybe they have a than it used to be when I had that

then if I did or did not, because heaven all their own—I just don't swing.

Mama was in the house getting know about that. Sometimes in Sunday School I

dinner and Daddy would soon be On days when I heard quarrelshut my eyes for a minute and just coming up the road from work in ing, I couldn't think about heaven. play that Mama is sitting on one

the old truck. When Daddy didn't come home side and Dad on the other. I preThat old truck wasn't very pretty, and Mama cried, I felt like heaven tend Mama is singing. She is a

but me and Daddy liked it. We was just a madeup story. There good singer. It feels a little bit like

worked on it lots of times. We used wasn't one anywhere. heaven would, but pretty soon I

to go up in the mountains and look You can't think about heaven have to open my eyes.

for arrowheads and rocks and when days get sadder and sadder. Yes, heaven is a long, long way

things like that. You just cry at night so nobody off. It's always hard to get there,

I think that up in the mountains will know about it. When you are but you could make it if a mom

could be a little like heaven too. the biggest, you don't want your and a dad and a big boy and some

It's so still, with nobody hollering little sisters to cry too. You prelittle sisters all had hold of hands

around. Wild flowers look more tend things are happy, but inside and were climbing together.

like God made them than fancy it hurts, and you know they are not It's too far for a little boy to flowers in gardens with cement happy. ever get there all alone, though. O

Era, April 1970 31 Dickie Bird, I'm Sorry By Mickey A. Goodwin

Being the father of five daughters is not an altoWe worked all year learning camp skills, earning gether easy task, I thought, as the attendants closed money, taking overnight trips, with just one big dream the doors of the big airliner behind me. Not an easy in mind—a sevenday backpack trip in July. Then, just

task, but it certainly had its rewards. Even with the three days before we were to leave, I received that

rewards, however, I had never stopped watching boys, phone call from the Primary president.

looking for those who appealed to me. Perhaps that She explained what she wanted without apology, as

was why I had anxiously anticipated the time when I she matterof-factly asked me to make arrangements would gain a sonin-law. When that time came, I told for a nonmember neighbor boy to go with us to the

myself, I would at last have a son. mountains. I was stunned. Take an untrained

Then, just a few weeks ago, Carol had clouded the stranger with us?

anticipation of years with the announcement of her "It's a real missionary opportunity, Kurt,"she had engagement to a perfect stranger. It disturbed me to said, apparently oblivious of my concern. "And I know

have Carol engaged to a man whom I had never met, you'll be good for Dickie,"she concluded. I couldn't

a man from the Midwest whose family I didn't even get out of it. Dickie Birch was going with us. I hung

know. Negative thoughts crowded my mind, overup the telephone sharply and stomped off to bed,

riding all the glowing descriptions Carol had written muttering angrily about "officious meddlers."

of him.

Consequently I had planned this trip, not just for general conference or business, but, in reality, to meet

Carol's fiance, Brian Birch.

As far as I was concerned, I was sure she was making a mistake. He was not the man for my oldest

daughter—even his name was undesirable. But that

was probably because the only other Birch I had ever known was Dickie Birch, a boy from northern California who had little appeal to me and who had burdened me for life with a guilty conscience. I

didn't need a sonin-law to remind me of him.

Even though 14 years had passed since that Scout trip to the Sierras, I could still see Dickie Birch, his crumpled and faded uniform, his pale, freckled face, his intensely dark eyes, and his resolute chin. No,

I didn't need a sonin-law to remind me of him.

That had been a strange circumstance anyway—my

having no sons, yet having been called to be the

Scoutmaster. But with a good committee behind me,

and the help of the parents, we had shaped those boys into a topnotch troop.

Mickey A. Goodwin, a mother of seven children and a

member of the Omaha (Nebraska) Second Ward, is a parttime freelance writer, strongly motivated to write of "our heavenly Father's love for all his children on earth."

Illustrated by Jerry Harstor)

I was still resentful at 4:30 Monday morning as I and laughter rolled quickly through the group.

drove into the parking lot to load the Scouts. When "Dickie Bird!"they all snorted.

I saw him, I was sure my resentment was justified. I glanced at Dickie. He gulped a bit, his dark eyes

Dickie Birch was the scrawniest little 12year-old I searching their faces. The edges of his mouth moved

had ever seen. slightly, as if to smile, but there was no humor in it.

"Great, just great!"I growled, as I stepped from the We all knew the die was cast. Dickie Birch was going

car. "We'll probably have to carry him and his pack."to have to fight to get in. He was like a stray in a

Dickie must have sensed what I was thinking, bekennel full of purebreds, I thought, and we were stuck cause, as I looked at him, his eyes narrowed slowly, with him.

his mouth tightened, and his chin set. He'd show me "All right, fellows,"I said. "Let's get loaded."

he wasn't just a scrawny kid. Dickie spent a long, silent three hours on the way to

"You guys met Birch?"I asked the noisy boys who the ranger station at the base of the trail. He volunwere greeting me. teered nothing, and only Glenn Evans talked to him.

"Who?"they asked. We unloaded hurriedly, because the skies were over-

"Dickie Birch,"I repeated, cast and threatening, and I wanted to get the troop "Dickie Bird?"someone queried in mock disbelief, moving. I was making a lastminute inspection of the

boys and their packs when I suddenly reahzed that

Evans and Birch were still down by the cars. I

stalked over to them angrily.

"Come on, you two,"I said as I reached them.

"You're holding things up."Then I saw Dickie's pack.

Glenn had obviously tried to do something with it before I got there, but it was still an amateurish mess.

"Who packed your gear?"I demanded.

"I did,"Dickie answered without flinching.

I took the pack, untied the strings, and dumped everything on the ground. With practiced precision

meant to humiliate Dickie, I repacked his gear. I

didn't even take time to tell him how it should have been done.

Glenn waited while I put Dickie into his pack, and then we all moved quickly back to the others. They

turned as we approached, silenced by the sight of

Dickie, who looked smaller than ever under the mountain of his gear. He returned their gaze without

blinking. "Who's going to carry the Dickie Bird?"one of the

boys jibed, breaking the silence and setting the troop to snickering.

I'll manage,"Dickie answered evenly. And he

did.

I kept checking on him, hoping that he would need help so I could justify my feelings, but he never gave

.''.X / 'f f// J /."/'.-'A

/./'/4 /.,

Era.A'prll 1970 33

<JJtpecialyourselfto Europe on TIA and save up to 50percent!

You actually can save up to 50 percent on a tour of Europe because you travel Air Special on TIA group charter rates. Two hundred and fifty members of a New York City organization toured London, Paris and Rome for three

weeks for just $395 per person. If they had traveled in the nonsummer months, this same trip could have been as

low as $295. This low prorated price covers air and ground transportation, hotel accommodations and sightseeing.

There's nothing sacrilegious about saving. Leave from anywhere. Go to anywhere: the

Orient, Africa, Caribbean, South America. Save as much as 50 percent because travel is

on affinity charter instead of individual fares. But keep in mind, a group tour can

be as personal and private an adventure as you wish to make it. What's more,

you will enjoy superb food and gracious inflight amenities because you're flying Air Special on TIA, the world's largest vacation charter airline. Now

if you're ready to go, simply contact your travel agent or TIA.

It's easy to organize a tour because we have TIA Tour Consultants, brochures, and many exciting sales tools to help you assemble the group.

Fill out the coupon and let's get this vacation off the.

ground! me that satisfaction. I think he would rather have died that would bring Dickie to his knees—and the rest of

in the rain on the muddy trail than to ask for us with him.

assistance. It had been a beautiful day, quite a contrast to

The other adults and I pressed on ahead in the last the preceding damp days. It was so warm that we

mile, left our gear at the camp site, and went back had a hard time keeping the fellows away from the down the trail to help the stragglers. water until they finished their assignments and

Dickie and Glenn had pushed up to the middle of projects. When we did turn them loose, they whooped,

the group, but I could tell when I approached Dickie tore off their clothing, and raced to the river. It took

that he was nearly worn out. I even felt some comthem quite a while to realize that Dickie was not

passion for him, as he looked up at me from under the with them.

drippy poncho, his fingers grimy with mud, clutching "Hey, where's Dickie Bird?"someone shouted.

the thick shoulder straps that clung to his thin frame. "He's probably writing a letter to his mama,"a smart

"Let me help you with that,"I said, laying my hand aleck retorted, and they all laughed at their own on his harness. poor humor.

"I'll do it myself,"he answered coolly as he went "Hey, Glenn, go get him,"another voice directed.

by me up the hill. "He doesn't swim,"Glenn answered.

I shrugged at the rebuff and went off with the "Did you hear that? He doesn't swim,"someone

other men to get the fellows into camp. Dickie and cracked.

Glenn were the last ones to set down their gear. "Of course, stupid, anybody knows that birds can't

Glenn was older and had had no problems, but swim."

Dickie just sat limply on a wet rock by his pack. Glenn "I saw a bird swim once,"called another boy.

came quietly over to me, and we both turned to look "Oh, yeah? Well, let's go get the Dickie Bird and

at Dickie. Unconsciously he was wiping the back see if he can swim."

of his hands across his eyes and cheeks. It was the With that, four of the boys climbed from the water

only little boy gesture I ever saw him make. and raced noisily to the camp to get Dickie. He re-

"I guess he'd better bunk with me,"Glenn said. mained sitting quietly beside his tent until they

"Yeah, sure,"I answered. "Thanks."stopped at his feet. '

Well, I had been wrong about Dickie's endurance, "Come on, Dickie Bird,"they said. "We're gonna

but it didn't take long to find out that I was right teach you to swim."

when I called him green. There wasn't a single Dickie didn't answer.

knot or lashing that he knew. His mistakes became "Yeah, we want to see if birds can swim,"one of

the favorite camp jokes. them said, as he grabbed Dickie's arm.

Through it all, Dickie never lost his composure. He Dickie pushed him aside. Another boy grabbed,

just kept his chin set with those youthful muscles and the scramble was on. There were arms and legs

tensing under his cheekbones. Glenn worked quietly and pine needles and dust flying in all directions for

with him, trying to cover for him wherever he could, a few moments. From the water came loud cheers

but the taunts persisted. By late that evening, the of encouragement. Then, as suddenly as it had

kidding was so incessant that even I was glad when started, the fracas was over, leaving Dickie standing they were all in their tents. defiantly, his chest heaving, glaring at four Scouts

I was just settling down when I saw flashes of light who couldn't handle him.

coming from Glenn's and Dickie's tent. "Aw, lay off, you guys,"Glenn called from the

"So, Dickie's scared of the dark,"I thought, as I edge of the water, and the wouldbe abductors repulled on my boots. "Just wait till the other boys treated to the river. But I could tell by the expresfind out that he has to sleep with his flashlight on!"sions on their faces that they had not finished teaching

When I neared their tent I saw that I had underDickie to swim.

estimated Dickie again. He wasn't frightened at all, That evening and the next morning the quiet hudbut was earnestly studying the Scout book with the dles, punctuated with snickers, seemed to portend no

flashlight propped beside him and a length of cord in good for Dickie. I knew he saw them, and I thought

his hands. He was practicing tying knots. I sensed a new uneasiness in him that I had never

I suppose no one has ever learned the fundamentals seen before.

of camping faster than Dickie Birch did. He never The boys had only been in the water a few minutes,

made the same mistake twice. But by midafternoon pretending at their water games, when one of them

the next day, the relentless Scouts found a weak spot gave the cue.

Er9, April 1970 35 "Hey, don't you think it's time for swimming lesrecover, but the Hght in his eyes and the set of his sons?"chin had changed.

"I didn't know they gave swimming lessons up An hour later when we checked his tent, he was here,"came the reply. gone. When he wasn't back by dark we knew we

"Oh, yes,"chimed in another, "but they're only for would have to look for him. We searched that evening

birds."and all the next day without finding him, and to add

"Stop it, will you?"Glenn interrupted. to our distress, the rain returned to stay.

"You want to stop us, Glenn?"someone asked. By evening we were exhausted. We had accom-

"Come on, let's go get him,"the leader called, and plished nothing, and we were wet and cold and they all scrambled up the bank to get Dickie. He burdened with guilt. The morale of the group

didn't stand a chance that time, although he fought couldn't have been lower.

like a wildcat. "His dad should have taught him some responsibility

They dragged and carried him to the water's edge. before sending him up here,"I grumbled into the

Their voices rang out together in a great "heave ho,"darkness.

and Dickie landed out in deep water. From somewhere on the other side of the fire came

I had been sitting on the opposite bank wonderGlenn's quiet reply, "He doesn't have a dad."

ing how far they would go. I saw Dickie's face just Shocked silence fell upon the men and boys gathbefore he hit the water. There was no composure left ered there.

in it—he was scared. He really couldn't swim. "Brother Thomas, do you think we should all kneel

Within seconds the boys realized how foolish they here together and pray?"Glenn asked soberly.

had been as Dickie came up once, and again, and We arose from that prayer to a new silence—quite a

then was suddenly caught in the current and swirled different group from the arrogant men and boys of downstream. a few nights before.

I plunged in behind him. We had brought Dickie Birch to his knees, and he

The entire drama had taken no more than four or had unwittingly pulled us down with him. We had

five minutes. We laid the Hmp, exhausted, humiliated

youngster on the bank. He blinked at the group of us

huddled soberly around him. We knew he would

humiliated him, but he had humbled us. How small I "Not Dickie Birch?"I asked, amazed.

felt! How desperately I needed forgiveness! Brian grinned. "Yes, sir. Richard Nelson Birch the

Suddenly we seemed to turn in unison toward a third. Do you remember him?"

sound at the edge of the trees. There stood Dickie. "But I thought you were from the Midwest."

"Birch,"the fellows shouted. Not "Dickie Bird.""We moved to Nebraska to live with my grandThey had said "Birch."He had won. parents just a few months after you moved."

How long had he been there? Had he heard us "What about your membership in the Church?"I

praying for him? I never knew, but our trip was asked, my guilty feelings surfacing again. "How did

finished. The rain increased during the night, and you happen to join?"

the skies the next day were dark and wet. There "If you remember Dick's determination, you know it

was no sign of relief, so we broke camp and started wasn't an accident. He decided on that Scout trip

down the trail. that he was going to become a Mormon. My mother

When I reached home, a transfer was waiting for me. said he couldn't, and my grandfather said he couldn't—

We moved to southern California two weeks later. I but he did, and he brought all of us into the Church

never saw Dickie Birch again, but his set chin and with him. Right now he's the branch president back

his bright eyes still haunted me. How could I have home, and my grandfather is his first counselor."

been so hard? Why hadn't someone told me he didn't Did I remember Dickie's determination? I shook

have a father? Even so, ignorance was no justificamy head in disbelief. The world couldn't be that

tion for treating him badly, or for allowing the other small!

boys to abuse him.... "Dickie Birch,"I muttered.

As the plane touched down in Salt Lake City, I "Yes, sir,"Brian broke into my thoughts. "And we

sighed again the sigh of a man who had not yet found sort of owe it all to you, because you let him go on forgiveness. Someday, I thought, someday I may be that Scout trip, even though he didn't know much

forgiven. about Scouting."

A few moments later I had Carol in my arms, happy Because of me? In spite of me was more correct.

to hold her again. I looked again at Brian carefully. He was much like

"Oh, Daddy,"she said breathlessly, "this is Brian. Dickie, and I liked him.

Brian, this is my father."I smiled as we started for the terminal, relieved to

"I'm glad to meet you, sir,"he said, as he stuck his have at last found some small hope for forgiveness.

hand out to me. "Cast thy Dickie Birds upon the water,"I said half

As I clasped it, I began to look him over, this man aloud.

who intended to marry my daughter. He was taller "What was that, sir?"Brian asked.

than I had expected him to be, cheerful, intense, ob- "Oh, nothing,"I answered, not wanting him to know.

viously intelligent, and, in spite of myself, I liked him. "But I would like a drink of water."

"Daddy,"Carol broke in upon us, "Brian and I just Dickie Birch will always haunt me, and, if I'm wise, discovered the most wonderful thing! Remember he will always remind me of my frailties. But forgivewhen you were the Scoutmaster in northern California? ness is coming, and who knows—if I'm lucky, I may

Well, Brian's brother went with you on that Scout even have a grandson who will remind me of Dickie trip. Do you remember him?"Birch. O

"Come on, Dickie Bird. Illustrated by Jerry Harston

We'r gonna teach you to swinn"

Era, April 1970 37 A mother recounts the last days with her dying son

I Knew COURAGE

.>W-

By Jean Hart lUustraXed by Bill Whitaker The hot pain in my chest burned in sharp condetermined to work even harder than before.

trast to the cold fear that iced my heart. Here, in With his running, instead of the usual practice of

the vast, lonesome, black, interminable night, I lay training only during track season, Greg trained the trying to make myself face the possibility that I had year around. He severely denied himself every food

cancer. or activity that he felt would impair his running. He

As days and fearsome, sleepless nights of pain spent summers working for his grandfather on his followed, I found myself constantly thinking about cattle ranch. After spending a full, hard day in the

what it would be like to die. But it was another hayfields, he'would care for a large vegetable garden,

drama, a year earlier, that made this thought more which he had insisted on planting, and then go for poignant. It wasn't until now that a true realization long runs in the nearby foothills.

of the depth and breadth of Greg's courage came to Everyone pleaded with him to stop demanding so me, much of himself, worried about the rigorous schedule

Greg was a big, handsome, cleancut 17year-old, he set for himself, but to no avail. He was a perand a fine runner. When he had announced, five fectionist and had decided this would give him the

years before, his decision to follow a family tradition strength and stamina in running he needed.

of competing in the mile run, my heart sank. He was When he returned from the ranch to begin school,

poorly coordinated, and I could foresee nothing but he didn't look well and always seemed tired. Since

heartbreak for him. His life had been full enough

of this already, I felt. He had always had to do JeanRelief Hart,Society,first iscounselorthe motherin theof sixBountifulchildren(Utah)and Stakewrote

things the hard way; events conspired against him, this true story of her son, "believing that courage

making everything he desired an uphill struggle. stimulatescould lift others."courage, and hoping that his experience

Instead of quitting, however, he always seemed more

he had had rheumatic fever as a child, we watched covered that Greg's "torn muscle"was osteogenic his heart rather closely. To allay our worry, we sarcoma (boneorigin cancer). His left leg was

had him undergo a cardiogram and complete physiamputated near the hip.

cal examination. But all tests indicated he was well. Greg faced the rebuilding of a shattered life and

We knew he had driven himself too hard all summer dreams. How does one convincingly tell a 17year-

and supposed this accounted for his looking and old in December that there is a satisfying life left for feeling poorly. him, a boy who in August had had his first date and

Crosscountry racing began, and Greg went on danced his first dance; who was just learning to drive

driving himself unmercifully. After school each day a car; who had just tasted his first success in sports

he would come home, change into old clothes, and and was a leading contender for the mile race sit on the kitchen hearth to chat for a few minutes championship; who at long last could see life going

about how the day had gone, while he laced up his his way after heartbreaking struggles?

heavy hiking boots. He ran daily in the mountains, Since it was necessary to amputate high, Greg

wearing those heavy boots to build his strength and was left with less than a fourinch stump—not much

stamina. He joked about how good it seemed in to which to fit a prosthesis. His legs were long, creatcompetitive racing to run in track shoes after runing a difficult problem in manipulating an artificial

ning in heavy boots. There was more to running in the limb.

mountains; he loved nature and depended on that It was some time before he found a way to get

time in the mountains to replenish his soul while into the driver's seat of the car. Then a new problem

training his body. loomed. Because Qf the short stump, his artificial

This October afternoon Greg looked unusually tired limb would lose its suction when he sat squarely. So

and commented on the soreness in his upper left he sat on one hip, throwing his spine out of line. The

leg. He wondered what he had done to injure it. resulting pain left him ill. He constantly feared the

However, it wasn't unusual for him to have stiff prosthesis would come loose when he was away muscles. Runners seem to have lots of these, so I from home.

was used to it. But what was unusual was for him The doctors advised going back to school and

to allow me to dissuade him from running that day. being among people as soon as possible, but Greg

Not many days later a race important to the was determined not to return until he could walk school was scheduled. Though he admitted wishing well.

he didn't have to further strain his sore leg, he inDoes anyone ever stop to think how complex the sisted on participating. During the race, the leg simple procedure of walking is? Together we studied

completely failed, and he was in an agony of pain. how one walks. I walked across the room and he

When we took him to the doctor, Greg told how his leg followed, trying to imitate a natural leg swing with had given way during the race. The doctor said he his artificial limb. Hour after hour, day after day, he

could feel a torn muscle and further told him it practiced, stopped only by sheer exhaustion.

would continue to be painful; it would take a long Finally came the deadline we had set for his starttime to heal, and it probably meant that Greg couldn't ing school, the beginning of spring term. He knew

run again. He had to walk with crutches. everyone was watching. Besides psychological obAs always, Greg reacted with a determination to stacles, he faced new physical hazards, such as

find a way through and build back the leg so he school ramps and stairs.

could someday run again. Greg resented any efforts to be treated less indeThe doctor had told him to come back for a pendently than before the amputation. He didn't

checkup. At school someone kicked the crutch as want special concessions, even though he desperately

he was going down stairs and he fell the full flight. needed them. No one will ever know, I'm sure, the

The pain was intense, but Greg thought it would just mental torment one in such a position endures. I bebe a matter of being careful and giving the muscle lieve the physical pain is minor in comparison.

time to heal again, so he didn't go back to the doctor. Having to be driven everywhere he went, passing

He steeled himself to suffer it through, but each day the track team out for practice as he left school each he looked worse and he lost considerable weight. afternoon, and not being able to run in his beloved

The suffering that spoke from his eyes and his mountains were a few of the thorns that pricked him.

wasted body told us how really excruciating his pain I glimpsed the extent of his frustration and his was. complete mastery of it one day when he had preWhen we finally returned to the doctor, we disvailed upon me to drive him up by his mountain

Era, April 1970 39 haunts. The snow was deep there, but without his depression. By Sunday night when the rest of the

prosthesis he insisted on making his way up the hillfamily had retired and Greg, his father, and I were side on one leg and his crutches. He reminded me alone, our feeble efforts at cheerful talk finally bogged

of a great and noble bird with broken wings still trying down in speechless grief and dejection. Finally

to fly. I wanted to run up the hillside screaming, Greg said, "I can't go on like this. I have to go on

vjby? why? why? But when he came back to the planning to live. There is always time for dying, but

there isn't always time for living."

And Greg went on "planning for living."He had

an exercise set with which to rebuild his muscles. To

"I wanted to run up the hillside the last, he exercised, however feebly, his one leg and arms. screanning, 'why, why, why?'"Unlike him, I was given a reprieve, and my chest

pain proved to have been emotionally induced. But

in the interim I was brought to a realization of Greg's true courage. His was not the frightincited courage

car, he calmly brushed the snow from his leg and of battle heroics; rather, it was calm, calculated,

said, "Shall we go, mother?"When we arrived home, raw courage.

he shoveled snow from the driveway and sidewalk. Yes, I saw Courage. I saw it in Greg, who kept

Greg made the adjustments as he had conquered a calm face when I told him, an outstanding runner, all other obstacles in his life. No one had thought he had to lose his leg. I saw it when he defiantly

he could possibly do so well. Not content with this, climbed a mountain, hip deep in snow, with one leg.

he set about to outswim and outwrestle his friends. I saw it in his face, again calm, as the doctor told him

At the time of his amputation, we were told that he had only a few months before he would die of lung his was a particularly insidious type of cancer that cancer. I saw it when he came home and, in the face

three out of four times attacks the lungs and is fatal. of a death warrant, flew a kite to real and symbolic

But one always thinks he will be the exception. new heights.

Greg wasn't. When he went for his threemonth I saw Courage, as Greg lived nobly up to the final

X-ray check, the doctors discovered cancer in both moment in hundreds of mundane words and ways, his lungs. From the beginning, Greg had known his undaunted by the terrible pain and fear I now know

full hazard. Now he knew there was no possibility for were his to bear.

cure, as it was not possible to perform surgery, and He dictated to me a final entry for his journal, any treatment could merely hold the cancer at bay, which is its own testimony:

if effective at all. "Life has been good to me. Although I have had

Until now I had been able to build up his morale, many disappointments, I have had many, many satisbut now I could find nothing to say. It was an insult factions. One of the worst kinds of torture I rememto his honesty and forthrightness to say there was ber is the mental torture... the monotony of staying

hope, when we both knew there was none. I felt in the same place. Saturday, August 1, my soul was

abject desolation. wrought up. It was extremely difficult for me to get a

Greg said little in the tenmile ride home from the breath, and I hurt every time I tried. Now a feeling

doctor's office. When we arrived home, Greg's best of peace has come over me, and I feel as though every

friend was there helping his small brother fly a kite night is Sunday night. [Sunday night was a special

in the March wind. By this time, the little brother family night to us.] My prayers have been answered

had tired of the sport and run off, leaving the kite. many times, and I am grateful to the Lord for

Greg liked to see everything in perfect order, so he his many blessings. Somehow, the mere physical

picked up the kite and let out the string, and it began sports, which I valued so highly before, seem as to soar. Soon he sent for more twine. Higher and nothing compared to the tasks that I will soon embark

higher it soared. A second time he sent for another upon. I bid the reader farewell, wishing the Lord's

ball of twine. By this time the kite was only a speck, blessings upon him. I have no feeling of bitterness,

and we were all breathless at the dizzy heights to no malice of any kind, for I know in my heart that which it had flown. this is the Lord's will. I know truly that the Lord

Greg turned to me and said, "A new high, mother."does live. And I know that only through obeying his

I knew he wasn't talking just about the kite. commandments can we be happy on earth."

The weekend that followed was one of complete Yes, I knew Courage. o

Laura Dekker

Craig Larson It's Like to BeYoun What

Sister Rangh'ild Isaksen looks over her mission call to the British M/ss/on with her brothers.

Young people of Norway are similar in many ways embroidered. An embroidered costume (bunnad)

to American youth. However, they seem to be more sells in the Oslo shops for about $200, but loving

open, natural, unsophisticated in their teens, and grandmothers and mothers make them for their less concerned about hairdos and clothes. In winter children for a fraction of this amount. Almost every

they all wear wool scarves and stocking caps, pulled young lady can knit, crochet, and embroider.

far down on their heads to keep warm. They dress People who live in the country are far removed

for the weather—furlined boots in winter and high from activities other than those that they create

rain boots in the rainy season—and carry their for themselves. The extreme change in the length

shoes to meetings or parties and change after they of the day contributes to home busywork projects.

arrive. They have few clothes and think nothing In summer in Oslo, each day has 13 more hours of

of wearing the same "best"dress to everything. daylight than in the middle of winter, and further

The Norwegian youth love traditions and cling north there is total darkness for part of the winter, to customs of the past. They enjoy wearing their so there are plenty of long winter nights to read,

native costumes, which are beautifully handsew, and think.

Norwegian youth enjoy competing, look forward to the occasions when the trophies are awarded.

Norway Youth enjoy sightseeing in Norway, too.

An accomplished musician, Teri Pedersen is the first Norwegian to receive his Duty to God award

Automobiles are not available for the youth to own way until the boy starts earning his own living.

drive; often the family doesn't even own a car. There are few school functions, but many private

Young people learn at an early age independence parties, and often formal attire is worn at these in getting to and from meetings, school, and activiparties. An interesting aspect of their romantic

ties. Since few boys have cars, the girl either rides life is that both boy and girl exchange wedding

on the back of a boy's motor scooter or they meet at bands, which they wear on their right hands from the trikk (streetcar) stop. the time they first become engaged.

Norwegian teenagers love the outof-doors, and High school students must take big examinations they ski almost as soon as they walk. The country periodically, and they must pass to be allowed to

boasts some of the world's most spectacular scenery, go on to the next phase of their schooling. There

and young people often go for walks, hikes, boating, is practically no social life at school, nor student or fishing for their dates. Usually large crowds go activities. The students attend school from 8:30

together, rather than couples, until the youths are a.m. to 2:30 p.m. six days a week.

about 18 or 19 years of age. The girl often pays her The Norwegian youth keep physically fit by

Era, April 1970 43 Folk dancing in authentic costumes is part of tt)e traditional intermission entertainment at MIA balls. Below: Soccer team that won honors at youth conference.

skiing, skating, rowing, cycling, walking, hiking, cially in the smaller branches. Dating and marrying

running. They train regularly—running in the within the Church is sometimes difficult, but someparks or along the sidewalks of the residential areas. how most of the members seem to work it out

They are extremely adept at kicking a ball and either converting their future mate or finding one bouncing it off the toe, leg, head, or shoulders. in their own branch or a neighboring city.

There are not too many young people in the There is a great deal of musical talent in the Oslo

Church in Norway, and they have to be fairly sebranches. The members there enjoy classical

cure, determined youth to resist the temptation to music as well as lighter music.

do what everyone else is doing. There are many Their whole culture is founded on tradition and

youth club activities and all big sports events are repetition: they seem to like doing things better

held on Sundays, since this is the only free day. the second and third time around. (In Oslo the

This makes church attendance difficult for sportsyouth presented the same MIA musical two years minded youth. The state church has a televised in a row because they had liked it so much the first

religious service that seems to satisfy their memyear.) This difference in point of view of Europeans

bers who happen to be in the mountains or on an and Americans is perhaps the major difference beouting for the day. tween the youth of these two countries; it affects

The youth in the Church in Norway find plenty attitudes, acceptance of new ideas, change, creof activity, and they take much responsibility, espeativity. O

I Had to Find Out for Myself

"... then do I remember what the Lord has done

for me."—Alma 29:10

By Val Stephens Junior at Brigham Young University

Often missionaries hear this statement from people who are not members of the Church: "Well, of course you believe your church is

true. You were raised in it!"For those of us whose parents have

always been Church members, our first reaction to such a statement is often defensive: "I didn't get my faith from my parents. I had to

find out'for myself."And although that reply is true, how often I

have wanted to say (if only nonmembers could understand) something like this: "I do know the Church is true, because I was raised in it. As a

young child I learned from my family and Church to sing and understand the words, 'I am a child of God.'I prayed together with my

family at church and at home and heard my parents call down blessings upon the heads of their children. My own father baptized me

into this church and ordained me to the priesthood of God. I was

taught in the Church to honor God's authority and the rights of others. "In the Church I saw teachers, advisers, bishops, and presidents serve tirelessly for my benefit without any material reward or promise. Virtue, courage, and brotherly kindness were exemplified

with vigor in this church. I saw no hypocrisy. As a young man I

offered prayers on the emblems of the Master's suffering and heard grown men weep for sharing their knowledge of the divinity of Christ and his latterday work. I saw members of this church serve our

family with food and consolation in time of need.

"'The glory of God is intelligence,''seek learning even by study, and also by faith,'and 'it is impossible for a man to be saved in ignorance'were the mindtingling slogans heard in church. Eternal

progression became as much a part of my thinking as the basic doctrines of faith and repentance, "At a young age I was called by the Church through a living prophet to serve as a missionary. It was in this service that I saw the

gospelance—thetouchunspeakablethe hearts gift—thatof others andwhatreceivedI taughtforwasmyselftrue.the assur-

"Is my witness only a belief? How can it be anything but a sure

knowledge? I know because I was raised a Mormon, and how I thank

my Heavenly Father for that privilege."O

Era, April 1970 45 If I Were a Junior

.. inHigh SgIiooI, IB.

By Dr. Lynn Eric Johnson

Be glad I've completed my schooling this far.

Plan to finish high school.

Earnestly investigate several career possibilities, both college and noncollege.

Find out which schools or training locations will get me to my goal, and visit them.

Maket sure I am making the right preparation now to qualify for the next steps by checking with my counselor and the prospective schools.

Have a long talk with my parents about my plans, their plans, and our plans.

Get registered for and take the tests being offered to juniors. These include the National Merit Examination, American College Test, Scholastic Ability Test, General

Aptitude Test Battery, as well as others required by certain schools or programs.

Taking them now will clear the way to plan and apply for admission, housing,

Scholarships, jobs.

Do my best on all of these.

Improve my grades, if necessary, since the last two years of high school are especially ifnportant.

Take all the advanced work I can muster, especially in English, math, speech, and typing, since these are needed in virtually all fields today.

fields to see if I to get a parttimeTry or summer job in one of my prospective career'"""it. like really

Apply for housing and admission if these are restricted at the college of my choice.

Sit down and write out a tentative plan that will scan the next ten years.——

Take advantage of seminary and institute progams wherever I go.

Write to the Church's Educational Information and Guidance Center, 212 Education

Bldg., 500 North University Avenue, Provo, Utah 84601, if I need additional information.

Thoughts of the Newest Deacon By Steve Barrett

Charley Broderick loved his father. only Latterday Saint boy in his class and only one

One reason was that for the past month, everyof seven Mormon kids in the whole school—it was

time the family went to sacrament meeting, hard, very hard! Those other kids would think he

Charley's dad had made sure that they sat directly was a sissy if he didn't use their language. Was this

behind the rows reserved for the deacons. Charley really a good excuse?

hadn't told his father that he wondered about what The bishop smiled at Charley when he walked in he was supposed to do when he became a deacon the office door—it wasn't going to be as hard as he next week—it just seemed as though his dad underthought! The first question was easy. "Do you stood. want to be a deacon?"Sure he did—didn't everyCharley was excited about graduation from Pribody? Then the questions got a bit tougher, but

mary. The Guide Patrol was okay, but he had his he could honestly answer them all, until finally,

sights already set on Eagle, and besides, the troop "Do you ever use profane or vulgar language?"

was going on a great campout up to Miller's pond. Instead of answering he looked at his shoes. What

The stories the older kids told about Mutual, scoutshould he say? What could he say? The bishop

ing, and all the fun things to do sounded great was waiting...

even if you did have to dance with the girls once Somehow it was easy to tell the bishop; it was

in a while! Getting to be a deacon was exciting too, even easy then to tell his dad later that day when

but it was also a little scary. It scared him when the bishop got them both together. Both of them

the bishop asked him to come to the office at two seemed to. understand. It even felt good—when it

o'clock that afternoon. was all over! There was something to the bishop's

What was he going to say to the bishop? Or advice, "You may be only one, but you are one."

worse yet, what was the bishop going to say to him? Even the extra week that the bishop made him

Boy! The time was really dragging—it was only wait wasn't so bad. It made him feel good when

1:30, and he had been outside the door of the he could look the bishop and his father in the face

ward for 25 minutes already! and tell them truthfully that he'd made it. He

He hadn't told his mom where he was going, was going to be a deacon—the bishop had said so!

because she'd have gotten all shook up about how In sacrament meeting the bishop had him stand he looked and what he was going to say. She'd have up by the pulpit and told the whole ward that

quizzed him for hours, and he'd still not know what Charley Broderick had been found worthy to be to say or think. It was about time that he was on made a deacon. That was scary but the warm feelhis own anyway—there were some things that are ing inside made it worthwhile.

just better done by yourself. The hands were on his head, and he heard the

Was he ready to be a deacon? He was outside voice of his father ordaining him to the Aaronic

the bishop's door now and heard the murmur of Priesthood. What was he supposed to do now?

voices inside. What were all those things Sister What was his father saying? "Be honest—let the

Stone had been talking about in Primary all year spirit help you in the tight spots."

long? Authority, John the Baptist, laying on of At the sacrament table Charley's hands were

hands, more power than anyone else in school wet as he stood with his arms behind his back. He

was that really true? Did that mean that he could hoped that he didn't trip walking down the aisle,

knock that bully Sammy for a loop the next time His mother had warned him about that. He'd never

he started calling him names? seen a deacon trip yet, but maybe he would be the

Was he really worthy? It hadn't been hard for first. Right now he was more worried that his

him to turn down the first offer of a cigarette. He new shoes would squeak as he walked.

knew that was dumb. Some of the other things, He passed the sacrament with ramrod stiffness,

though, hadn't come quite so easy. The last row was the toughest test of all. Without

Was it important what you said? Swearing was smiling at the grins of his brothers and sisters, he

one thing that troubled him right now. Was some picked up the try from his father, and as he

angel really writing it all down? One of these days turned to go, with a sigh of relief, he felt the

he was going to get caught by his mom or dad approving clasp of his father's big hand on his arm then he'd be in a lot of trouble. He guessed it must and caught the wink and smile that was meant for

be wrong if he felt this way about it. Sometimes, him alone,

though, he excused himself, saying that he was the Charley really loved his dad, and it felt good. O

Era, April 1970 47 Make the Ideal Real By Elaine Cannon

They got their heads together. principles can be applied to the As we listened we were so imThey talked off the top of lives young students lead today. pressed with their ideas that we

their hearts. It seemed depressingly imposdecided to share them with you.

Then back they came into the sible at first. Did it really do These are their conclusions:

auditorium to share the results any good to treat other people as 1. Set an example.

of their workshop chatter with you like to be treated, when "the 2. Keep active in the Church

the entire group of delegates to other people"seem never to have and associate with Morthe youth conference sponsored kfiown or have long ago formons.

by the New England Mission, gotten this Christian teaching? 3. Keep the gospel fresh in

under the direction of President They wondered if turning the your mind by reading and

Paul H. Dunn. other cheek is si7nply a quick striving.

The question had been preivay to leave this life altogether, h. Find a hero; set high goals.

sented in the form of a chalin vieiv of the unChristian be- 5. Persevere to overcome.

lenge put forth by the keynote havior of campus skeptics, dis- 6. Use the priesthood; honor it.

speaker:. sidents, rioters, and drug addicts. 7. Stay openminded; listen to

"Hoiu do we make the ideal Coidd a handfid of Mormons leaders.

realf"The delegates ivere anxmake a difference in the tvorld? 8. Pray.

ious to explore the issue on their But as the talk progressed and 9. Live the gospel every day,

own terms, so they divided into the problems ivere pointed out, not just on Sunday.

small groups. A group recorder they began to covmt their bless10. Be honest with yourself; be

kept notes, and a chairman diings. consistent.

rected the discussion. How marvelous to be urider 11. Be your brother's keeper;

The youthful delegates conthe influence of the Church! love and serve one another

sidered the ideal of Christian How great to be given help in in and out of the Church.

principles. They considered the living the best kind of life! As a 12. Radiate joy in living high

realities of the world today. They wave of positive direction spread standards.

worried their way through the over them, they began suggest13. Be idealistic.

possibilities of how Christian ing ways to make the ideal real. li. Yield to the Spirit. O

Anyone with a larynx or a pencil has a free choice to express himself any way he chooses.

Some choose to use Do "shock"words that ceased to shock people 300 years ago, though they may shock an occasional we 12year-old today.

Those who continue to use words that need were commonplace in the barracks of Gen.

Hooker's troops, or appear in gents'rooms the of fourthrate establishments, can themselves be described in fourletter words "Shock"boor, boar, bore.

If you want to parade fourletter words on Ik)ops?

your guitars, placards and pamphlets, try some of these: give, grow, love,

live, work, warm, save, sirig, make, earn, duty.

These are words society can grow on.

What single act of human progress have selfappointed shock troops ever accomplished?

Study the language of the great documents that have improved life.

See what effective use their authors have made of Reprinted by permission of Newsweek.

Copyright 1969 by Newsweek, Inc. fourletter words.

Era, April 1970 49 'hePastlsl Laarnfromit!

The Pres

j'a>'.i*5i.', Nearly three thousand years ""ft? W

ago, a famous king of Israel, an ancestor of Jesus the Christ, even David'of old, wrote this beautifully simple prayer:

"Teach me thy way, Lord, f. and lead me in a plain path."

f (Ps. 27:11.)

ad theOurtimeworldof David,has butchangedour prayersince must be the same today. Though

yesterday's paths have become today's super highways, they still lead to the same gate. To

safely travel these roads of life, ive require wellplaced signs to direct us to our destination. May

I suggest three important road signs?

The past is behind—learn

from it.

The future is ahead—prepare

for'it.

it. The present is here—live in

Examine our first road sign:

The past is behind—learn from

it. At times, progressive, eager

youth frown on the possibility of learning from the past. But

**%% when one fails to learn from the lessons of the past, he is doomed to repeat the same mistakes and suffer their attendant consequences. Long ago the psalmist Present wrote:

"It is better to trust in the Lord than to put confidence in m man, "It is better to trust in the Lord than to put confidence in Live It!

princes."(Ps. 118:8-9.)

. By Thomas Lee Monson, age 18 Itent Is Here Live

One who learned this lesson living. I believe it will be one of One has to grapple with chaltoo late was Cardinal Thomas the most precious and privileged lenge. Too often we dive for the

Woolsey, who, according to periods of all human history, a cyclone shelter when a strong

Shakespeare, spent a long life of period of change and challenge wind blows. By meeting and

faithful service to three sovand infinite promise. conquering our challenges, we

ereigns and enjoyed wealth and We must not restrict our will build a reputation in the power. Finally he was cut down thinking to today's problems. We eyes of men. However, a favorby an impatient ruler. From the must prepare for tomorrow's able reputation alone is but a

anguish of his soul, he cried: opportunities. We are taught partial indicator of quality. Saul

"Had I but served my God with that as man is, God once was, was a capable Israelite king until half the zeal I served my king, and as God is, man may become. greed and lust for power became

He would not in mine age have Paraphrasing, wouldn't it also his downfall. Finally he was

left tne naked to mine enemies."be true that "if man is to become rejected by Israel, by Samuel,

One of the greatest of all lesas God is, he must now be what even by the Lord. Saul had

sons can be learned from the God was"? Let us prepare by reputation, but he lacked charSavior. How often, when we living life as God would live it. acter. Reputation is only what

witness the suffering of one of Insurmountable problems await one has done; character is what

our fellowmen, we are prone to us only so long as we consider one is. The present is here—

question the mercy of our Father them insurmountable. The fulive in it.

in heaven. We most frequently ture is ahead—prepare for it. The road we travel briskly

seek to enter our Father's kingWe learn from past life. We leads out of dim antiquity, and

dom without walking the path prepare for future life. But let ive study the past chiefly because

of pain. The past teaches us us not lose life, searching for it. of its bearing on the living

that the Savior of the world The present is here—live in it. present and its promise for the

entered heaven only after great The apostle Paul wrote: "He future.

pain and suffering. We, as which soweth bountifully shall The heavy traffic on life's

servants, can expect no more reap also bountifully."(2 Cor. highway is detouring everthan the Master. Before Easter 9:6.) increasingly from the strait and

there had to be a cross. The past Today many are drifting on narrow way. The Lord's path

is behind—learn from it. a sea of chance with waves of may be frequently intersected by

As we travel life's highway, temptation threatening to enroads running away from the we wMst examine our rearview gulf them. These men of little heavenly goal, but a wise travmirror to learn what lies behind strength drift through the hours eler will follow the signs of

us. It is of equal importance to and coast through the years. safety. May we ever remember

knoiv what lies before us. The Their more valiant brothers them:

it. steer from this point to that. The past is behind—learn future is ahead—prepare for

Regardless of what others may To successfully live in the from it.

say or think—those of too much present is to cope with difficulty. The future is ahead—prepare

timidity and too little faith—Problems are a normal part of for it.

venture to suggest that tomorlife, and the great challenge is to The present is here—live in

row will be a good time to be avoid being flattened by them. it. O

Era, April 1970 51 YouCan'tRunAwayFromLaw

By Owen S. Jacobs

A speaking assignment at a state penitentiary nor judgment. Therefore, they must remain filthy

afforded me an opportunity to listen to and talk with still.

many of the inmates. The one underlying thought "All kingdoms have a law given;

many of them seemed to have was: "The law and "And there are many kingdoms; for there is no

society have not been fair with us. We would have space in the which there is no kingdom; and there

had no need for punishment had it not been for is no kingdom in which there is no space, either a some small or insignificant factor of the law."greater or a lesser kingdom.

In the eightyeighth section of the Doctrine and "And unto every kingdom is given a law; and unto

Covenants, the Lord explained why we cannot escape every law there are certain bounds also and condilaw: tions.

"And again, verily I say unto you, that which is "All beings who abide not in those conditions are governed by law is also preserved by law and pernot justified."(D&C 88:3439.)

fected and sanctified by the same. We live in several kingdoms at the same time,

"That which breaketh a law, and abideth not by such as the world, country, state, city, school, work, law, but seeketh to become a law unto itself, and social, animal, mineral, and plant. There is no space

willeth to abide in sin, and altogether abideth in sin, without a kingdom, and no kingdom without space.

cannot be sanctified by law, neither by mercy, justice, This is the age of great technical advancements,

space travel, communication, and all manner of physical, mental, and technical achievements. Some

choose to call it an age of lawlessness. But law is

eternally operative.

May we define law as the mandatory pattern of procedure, whether written, expressed, understood, or just operating, by which all existence is governed.

Acceptance, growth, progress, and existence are determined by our relationship to law. Eternal law is

truth in operation. It constantly adjusts with perfect

precision the wheels of justice, which continually grind slowly and surely, progressively fitting us for the kingdom that our daily choices elect.

As we flout law, we unwittingly fling ourselves into more restrictive and selfcontaining laws—like

the convicts! Truly as we learn the truth and live it,

we are made free. O

Era, April 1970 53 The FVesiding Bishop Talks to Youth About:

lllustrated by Dale Kilbourn

By Bishop John H. Vandenberg

There are two words that carry they do this, the more successful ing their laziness, their unwillingmost of us to the depth of despair they feel they are in living life to ness to give their best in every or the peak of happiness. They are its fullest. But anyone who stops a activity that is a part of their growfailure and success. People will moment to think knows this is not ing years. The worst thing in life

do almost anything to keep from so. Two axioms, based on years is not to fail; it is not to try to

being branded failures in life. They of experience, tell us the opposite succeed; to live in the gray twilight

will give all their time, talents, is true: that knows neither brightness nor

means. They will give their bodies "The pursuit of easy things shadow, neither victory nor defeat.

and even their souls to succeed in makes men weak."The difference between those

a project or undertaking that they "If you want to make life easy, who succeed in fulfilling the purthink is important. Therein, too make it hard."pose for which we have come to

often, lie the great tragedies of An athlete who does not develop earth and those who fail to fullife. his muscles and condition them fill life's mission lies in whether

Success is not always a matter properly through training will the defeats, hardships, and diffiof accomplishing what we would never be a winner. He will only culties encountered in every life

like to do, but rather in accomsuffer defeat, shame, and pity. The become millstones around their

plishing what we ought to do. work and effort it takes to prepare necks or milestones on the road

There are young people in our soourselves for our life's tasks are of progress. We become strong by

ciety who do not want to work, to the basis for success and happiovercoming difficulties and turnput forth sustained, highlevel ness. There is no easy way to make ing them into characterbuilding

effort. They withdraw from society the most of life. The mature experiences that give strength and

and become irresponsible and nonworld, whether business, profesmoral fiber to our souls.

productive. They drift, as does the sional, or technical, has no use for The Prophet Joseph Smith went

tumbleweed in the wind. The more young people who enter it glorifythrough hundreds of trying experi54

.

Buy One Book ences before he succeeded in the smooth, slippery path of inestablishing the Church so that it dolence. Get One FREE

was strong enough that it could Sailing ships do not progress in FOR JOINING helplessly sails flap calm; their a he and destroyed. Afternot be

in unstrained masts against when BEEHIVE BOOKCLUB had beenseveral companions jail at Liberty, Missouri, for there is no wind to be harnessed. (Purchase $4.95 and choose any $3 Book Free!)

FREE BEST BOOKS THE OF OUTmonths, he reached what he felt The story is told of a fabulously $3 BOOK OTHER ANY OR was the breaking point, a point rich gold mine in Africa. It rebeyond which he and the Saints ceived its name in the following

should not be asked to go. As a manner:

result, he went before the Lord "The man who originally opened and pleaded the case of the Saints the mine dug a shaft some 200 and their leaders in the following feet deep but failed to find any words: gold. He became discouraged,

"0 God, where art thou? And termed it 'bad luck'and quit. His

where is the pavilion that covereth more seasoned neighbors said he thy hiding place? had shown the 'white feather,'and

"How long shall thy hand be the mine became known by that stayed and thine eye, yea thy pure name. He sold the diggings to an20 MORIVION CLASSICS:

eye, behold from the eternal heavother prospector for $50.00. The How many of these best selling classics

ens the wrongs of thy people and new owner, in one day's work, went 1. Missionary Bibledo you have? 15.50

of thy servants, and thine ear be one foot deeper in the diggings and 2. Missionary Triple Combination 11.00

penetrated with their cries?"(D&C hit a vein of gold which brought 4.3. JesusMarvelousthe ChristTalmageWork & Wonder 1.952.50*

121:1-2.) him a great fortune."5. Articles of FaithTalmage 2.95*

Joseph went on to make an eloOne of Satan's favorite tools is 7.6. TeachingsHouse of theof JosephLordTalmageSmith 2.95*3.95quent plea for help for his people. discouragement—urging us to 8. Essentials in Church History 5.95

Anyone who has read the history of show the "white feather."Excuses 9. Answers to Gospel QuestionsS vols. 3.25ea.*

10. D&C Commentary 4.95

that time will know that his pleadfor not working, for not "hanging11. Meet the MormonsGreen 2.95

ings were based on the need for in there,"for not giving your best 12. Discourses of Brigham Young 4.95

13. Gospel Doctrine-J. F.Smith 4.95

relief from mob rule and mistreatin life, come readymade. But 14. Art of Home MakingHoole 4.25

ment so brutal that it is difficult those who would live on the peak 15, Comprehensive Hist, of Church 6 vols. 4.50 ea.

to believe it could have hapof joy, the pinnacle of success, 16.17. DocumentaryDiscourses of Hist,Josephof SmithChurch 7 vols. 4.504.95ea.

pened. know there is no place for the 18. Highlights in Life of Pres. McKay 4.95

But the Lord knew that our trials "white feather."They know that 20.19. BookMormonof MormonDoctrineMcConkieDigest-Hawkes 4.506.95

in life are necessary to prepare true success is not succeeding in OTHER SELECTIONS:

us to be the kind of people who doing easy things; it is giving one's 21 Out of the Best Books Vol.V Special 3.00*

ea.* Vols. 2,3 {1 & 4 outof-print) 1.95are capable of being happy in the all in difficult tasks and projects 22.

2.50* 23. BegmnmgsPearson

eternities. Success often comes where temporary failure may often 24. Ancient ApostlesMcKay 2.95*

5.50 Just a MinuteLandauupon the heels of what looks like be experienced. 25.

26. Prophecies & Prophetic Promises of

certain defeat, as the Lord points The great inventor Thomas EdiDoctrine & Covenants - Doxey 4.95

out: son was asked whether he was *Suggested Free Choices

"My son, peace be unto thy discouraged because so many atORDER OTHER BOOKS IN ERA!

soul; thine adversity and thine aftempts to solve a problem failed.

flictions shall be but a small moHis answer was, "No, I am not ment; discouraged, because every wrong 626 "H"St.

"And then, if thou endure it attempt discarded is another step Salt Lake City, Utah 84103 well, God shall exalt thee on high; forward."Samuel Smiles said, Please enroll me as a member and send me a free

thou shalt triumph over all thy "We learn wisdom from failure catalog. I agree to return the "Review Card"each

foes."(D&C 121:7-8.) much more than from success; we month.month orForelseeverypurchasethe"Feature$20 of nondiscountedBook"forbooksthatI

The rocky path that we travel often discover what will do, by will receive a FREE BOOK! lam purchasing $4.95

when we try to prepare ourselves finding out what will not do; and nowOne perandperson!will receive{For postagea $3 bookand freehandlingfor joining.add 25(t

for a life of usefulness, a life that probably he who never made per book ordered. In Utah add 472% salestax.) I

blesses all who come into contact a mistake never made a dishave enclosed $ for theabove circled books:Ad 9

with its fruits, is much better than covery."o Print Name

Address.--

City State.. Zip.

Era, April 1970 55 DNot joining, but send books listed & paid for!

|ii>*""

"to*. tet'

1 f"..ti*'

If women would be kind to their seeing a demonstration of that love Life has become a bit more husbands, support them, and not and mutual consideration: Each hectic and responsibilities weightier

grumble, they would have happier morning, as President Smith leaves for President and Sister Smith since lives and so would their husbands."their apartment home half a block January 23, when he was set apart

These words of Jessie Evans from the Church Office Building as the tenth President of the

Smith describe her own marriage to and walks across busy State Street, Church. But Sister Smith is deterPresident Joseph Fielding Smith, a Sister Smith stands on their balcony mined that their basically simple

marriage that is firmly based on until he gets safely across the street way of life will not change. As he

love, respect, sharing of common and turns to wave to her. leaves his office in the evening,

interests, and supportive compan- "A kinder man never lived, nor President Smith returns to a comionship. Early risers in Salt Lake one who was more considerate,"she fortable but unostentatious home

City have reportedly thrilled at declares. that is filled with memorabilia from

BmTfLEk WASH,, WBDmiPAJ, JAMUAEY M. 1S26,

Todays Family

Jessie Evans

Smith: theWife of a Prophet By Eleanor Knowles

Editorial Associate

Illustrated by Peggy Hawkins

their many travels throughout the the 'block teachers'assigned to us."Think When I Read That Sweet

world, photographs and paintings Their friendship didn't blossom Story of Old."

of family members, booklined into love until much later, however "When I came to the words 1 shelves, and samples of Sister—after she had had a successful wish that His hands had been

Smith's deft ability in needlepoint career in music and he had traveled placed on my head,'I was so moved a home in which one immediately far as an apostle for the Church. that I began to cry,"she rememfeels "at home."Young Jessie's first public apbers. One of her brothers later

Jessie Evans and Joseph Fielding pearance came when she was six refused to go hear her sing in a

Smith have known each other, she years of age. She was invited to church meeting, because, he said,

recalls, "all my life. We were sing before a religion class (the "she'll start bawling again."

bom in the same ward, and when forerunner of today's seminary pro- "Someday,"her father told him,

I was a young girl, he was one of gram), and her selection was "I "you'll pay to hear Jessie sing!"

Era, April 1970 57

A Converts Tribute She didn't cry the next time, she her talents to the Church.

to President says, but the emotion, warmth, and This decision opened even more conviction with which she sings doors for Jessie; she returned to

( Her the Tabernacle Choir, joined the David 0. McKay even to this day were evident.

brother did have to pay to hear her Salt Lake City Civic Opera Comsing, she recalls now with a twinkle. pany, and sang at countless Church

A new edition in a husky covered When she was with the American programs and funerals. ("I once

"paper back"is coming off the Light Opera Company, he went thought I'd keep track of how many

Deseret News Press. It will into visit her on tour; she didn't have funerals I'd sung at,"she recalls,

clude as addenda some important a ticket for him, so he had to buy "but after two months I decided the incidents in President McKay's his own for her performance! record was being kept in heaven,

last few years. The author disThe Evans family enjoyed music, so I quit writing it down."The reccusses the worldwide recognition and each of the children sang and ord has included a:s many as 28 in a

of our former beloved leader and played an instrument. The five single month.)

forth burst prophet which on the brothers (a sixth died in infancy) During the 1930s Jessie Evans passing. magnifinews of his The

played, respectively, the violin, became a name that was wellcent tribute by all at the funeral is described in detail. clarinet, cello, flute, and drums. known not only for music—but also

Jessie, the youngest in the family, for politics. While working in the

played the piano. city recorder's office, she decided

The author's original and revised

In 1918, Jessie, by then an atto run for the position of county book (all reprinted in this paper back) found great favor with tractive young stenographer, joined recorder. In a close election, she

members. It contained many herethe Tabernacle Choir, beginning an was given the initial nod, but lost

tofore unpublished anecdotes, association of over half a century. by ten votes in a recount. She rewith a brief but complete sum- A talent scout heard her sing in the turned to her city job, but in the

mary of the highlights of PresiTabernacle in 1923 at a program in next election she ran again—and

dent McKay's career—things that honor of President Warren G. was elected.

all members should know. This Harding, and a contract with the It was while she was serving as

book has also been used as a fine American Light Opera Company Salt Lake County recorder that proselyting piece. resulted. Joseph Fielding Smith, whose wife

During the four years that she had recently died, reentered her Hfe

The author, a mature, retired busitoured with the opera company in and changed its direction once nessman, says in effect "come the United States and Canada, with again.

on in; the water's fine,"with her mother as her traveling com- "I had a document that needed

proof in his own testimony on the benefits that came to him. How panion, she sang leading contralto to be signed by the Church HisPresident McKay influenced his roles in such operas as Bohemian torian,"she says, "so I called his

life and its relative values is obGirl, The Chocolate Soldier, The office and asked if I could bring it vious on every page. After readMikado, and Robin Hood. up to him. He said no, that he'd

ing you'll think it just the But while she enjoyed performcome to my office."

persuader to give that nonmem- ing before audiences coast to coast, Later that day, as she was going ber friend. she wasn't sure she wanted to make home from work, she stopped to

this her lifetime career. When a chat with a friend on State Street.

This new and extended tribute leading voice teacher in New York "Did Joseph Fielding Smith go with paper cover, at the new low tried to persuade her to study to see you today?"he asked.

price of 75 cents plus postage seriously to prepare for an audition "Yes, he did,"she replied. "Why

and handling of 25 cents. Send with the Metropolitan Opera, she do you ask?"

$1.00 for your copy. Lower quoprayed for guidance and turned to 'T saw him go down the street

tations for quantity. Excellent for her patriarchal blessing, which told today, and as he passed I had the

Relief Society, building or fund her that "every latent power within strongest feeling that he was going raising projects. thee shall be brought into exercise to see you to ask you to marry him!"

in the service of your Master, and Just a few months later Joseph

Mail your order to Deseret Book in helpfulness in the Church."Fielding Smith did ask Jessie Evans

Co., 44 E. S. Temple, Salt Lake Suddenly her decision was made: to marry him, and the talented

or if in the East—F. Edwards, 111 she would return home and devote young career woman added a new

Fairway Drive, Princeton, NJ.

.

dimension to her life. President Sister Smith has traveled widely

Smith had 11 children, and all were with President Smith, and often she living at home at the timeas well is Ocilled upon to speak and sing. TERRIFIC TURNABOUT

as the two small children of his Many times President Smith has The Greaf Severities Dress oldest daughter (her husband was joined her in singing a duet, a treat With New Longuette Pants away at school that year ) that has thrilled the Saints in AusSister Smith's mother had done tralia, South America, Europe, New Silken jersey, ingeniously designed to most of the cooking and houseYork, Toronto, Los Angeles—wherzip and tie in front! or in back! Wear

keeping for her daughter during ever branches and missions, wards dress short. Wear Maxi with pants. Deep dress hem for lengthening. Now

the years Jessie was working, but and stakes of the Church are found. Prints: Art Nouveau (shown) yellow,

it wasn't long before Jessie Evans A popular and gifted speaker, she orange, turq, black 100% Antron

Smith had organized her work in has addressed many, many gatherNylon. Moonflowers, exotic black on

the spacious Smith home on Dougings of young people, sharing her white 100% Arnel Triacetate. Dress

las Street. One of her favorite testimony and encouraging the 8 to 18. $24. Pants P, S, M, L. $1?.

or M.O. Check /I Mail

in U.S.A. Postpaidrecipes, which she still makes when youth to remain close to the Church Ensemble J'tCi

she can find the time, was for a and to prepare for marriage in the bread that takes just 90 minutes temple.

from start to finished product. Sister Smith remembers how conWhen the Smith children were livcerned her mother was about the

ing at home, she made as many as young men she brought home. "If

six loaves a day. Sister Smith has she didn't care for a particular felconsented to share this prized low, she'd tell me she didn't want

recipe with Era readers: him ever to come back,"she remembers.

Jessie Evans Smith's "I'd say, 'But Mother, I'm not

NinetyMinute Bread going to marry him!'

4 cups warm water "Mother would reply, 'Perhaps 4 yeast cakes not, but if you don't tell him not to 4 teaspoons salt "8 tablespoons sugar come back, I will!'

4 tablespoons melted shortening Great blessings have come to 7 to 8 cups flour Jessie Evans Smith because she folDissolve yeast in one cup of the warm lowed her mother's advice and water. Mix in rest of ingredients. Mix

into a soft but not sticky dough. Cut stayed true to her own desire to

into four pieces and let stand 15 minserve the Lord and do his will. She

utes. Using the handle of a butcher

knife or other heavy malletlike instruhas traveled widely with her husment, pound each piece of dough for band as a devoted companion and 1 minute. Form into four loaves, and

put each loaf into a greased bread pan; helpmate. She enjoys a rich and full

let stand 30 minutes. Bake at 400 F. life of service to her fellowman

for 30 minutes.

through the sharing of a great talThis homemade bread is a favorent. She has found joy and happiite food of President Smith. On ness in her home and her family.

Thursday evenings he traditionally She has been blessed with many WRITE TODAY ABOUT LE VOY'S has a supper of bread and milk honors and recognition. EXCITING CAREERS

with slices of nippy cheese. "Happiness isn't exactly doing Own your own highly profitable

"My husband doesn't eat meat,"what you want to do; it's doing sivefashionWarehouseDistributorshipbusiness through our excluSister Smith says. "We eat lots of what you don't want to do—and Program.

fruits and vegetables. On occasions being glad you did."This is Jessie Or, become a skilled Fashion Conwhen he attends luncheons or dinEvans Smith's motto. Her life is a sultant representing LeVoy's luxuners at the Hotel Utah, the waiters testimony to the joy and sense of rious Lingerie & AtHome Fashions.

bring him a fruit salad with cottage accomplishment well done that can... Unlimitedcheese or sherbet. And he does come to one who does follow the Complete Training

like two kinds of pie—hot and will of the Lord and is glad for Advancement

cold!"having done it. O LE VOY'S

2511 S.W. Temple Salt Lake City, Utah 84115

Era, April 1970 59 NOW AVAILABLE in response to many requests a reissue of one of the great books of the Church:

tNeHth edition of GOSPELby PresidentSTANDARDSHeber J. Grant

A whole new generation of Church members will welcome the inspired forcefulness and understandable wisdom of the seventh President of the Church in this vitally significant Church work.

mmaimfmm Typical Excerpts "Now I want to make at! mistakes on the side "The Lord is no respecter of persons, and will

of mercy. But once in a while I want to see give success to all who work for it. If I can

justice get just a little bit of a chance among only impress upon the minds of the youth of people."Zion the eloquence, the inexpressible eloquence

—Heber J. Grant of work, I shall feel fully repaid."—Heber J. Grant

"Gospel themes are elaborated; practical

questions of life discussed; wise suggestions

made; and more than forty of President

Grant's favorite spellbinding stories are retold. It will hold the interest of all to the last,

and will come to occupy an important place in Mormon literature."

Richard L. Evans

Price is only $4.95 postpaid

Order from

79S.State Salt Lake City, Utah 841 11

And at book dealers everywhere.

An Improvement Era publication

Research & Review

Achievements of Latterday Saint Women

By Dr. Leonard J. Arrington

Contributing Editor

As with their sisters in most cultures throughout the... without the vote of [the] church."(D&C 20:65.)

world, Latterday women are making important conWomen voted along with men on the acceptance of tributions to the economic, political, and cultural adrevelations and approval of church officers and polivancement of humanity. This is as it should be. cies. "All things shall be done by common consent in

Women were among the earliest persons baptized the church...."(D&C 26:2.) This was the practice

into the Church after its restoration in April 1830. among the Saints in New York in 1830, in Kirtland, in

Mary Whitmer viewed and Emma Smith handled the Nauvoo, in Winter Quarters, and in the valleys of the golden plates from which the Book of Mormon was mountains settled by the Saints beginning in 1847.

translated. Three months after the Church was orWhen the United States established Utah Territory

ganized, Emma Smith was favored with a revelation in 1850, however, no provision was made for women through her husband ( D&C 25 ). Other wonlen particito vote. Although American women had voted in

pated in the 1833 march of Saints from Kirtland to certain school and other elections, they had been relieve their brothers and sisters who were in difficulty denied the ballot in the regular elections for local, in Missouri ( Zion's Camp ). Others served as cooks and state, and national office. Only in their religious

laundresses for the Mormon Battalion as it marched convocations were Latterday Saint women able to from Winter Quarters to Leavenworth, Kansas, and on give expression to their agency in sustaining their to San Diego, California, in 1846. Indeed, women have leaders.

participated in all the moves and enterprises of the In 1867 President Brigham Young was impressed to

Church as it has sought to carry out the mandates of establish a churchwide Relief Society organization.

heaven. Prior to this time, the Relief Society, having been

Of particular interest in this centennial year of founded by the Prophet Joseph Smith in Nauvoo in woman suffrage is the historic role of Latterday Saint 1842, had functioned primarily on a ward or settlewomen in the political life of the United States. One ment basis. Sister Eliza R. Snow, who was appointed

hundred years ago. Latterday Saint sisters in Utah to direct the groups, had firm beliefs in the desirability

Territory were the first women in America to vote in of women exercising the franchise on as wide a basis municipal and territorial (or state) elections. The as possible. She and her associates began to train the

story of this achievement deserves retelling. sisters for the eventual exercise of this privilege.

From the time of the restoration, there was uniIn 1869, as a means of granting Negroes the right to versal religious suffrage. "No person is to be ordained vote, Congress proposed the Fifteenth Amendment to

Era, April 1970 61

the Constitution, forbidding any state from depriving of the women of Wyoming, who cast their first ballots a citizen of his vote because of race, color, or previous in September 1870. The first female citizen to vote

condition of servitude. Leaders of the Church, as in Utah—and therefore the first to vote in a regular

with others in the United States, saw here an opporelection in the United States—was Seraph Young, a

tunity to extend the voting franchise to women. grandniece of President Brigham Young.

According to a thesis titled Woman Suffrage in Utah, The Woman's Exponent, founded in Salt Lake City as an Issue in the Mormon and NonMormon Press of in 1870 by Louisa Lula Greene and other female the Territory, 18701887, by Ralph L. Jack (completed leaders of the Church, encouraged women in the exerfor Brigham Young University), there was an added cise of these political rights. And although the statutes

rea,son for the Church to press for woman suffrage at still did not permit women to hold elective office, this time. Representatives George W. Julian of Indiana the sisters of the Church participated actively in party

and Shelby M. Cullom of Illinois had introduced bills precinct meetings and in political conventions. Utah

on the floor of the House of Representatives providing women continued to vote until 1887, when the National for woman suffrage in Utah. The Congressmen seemed Congress, at the peak of an antiMormon crusade,

to have had the idea that Mormons were uncivilized, passed the EdmundsTucker Act, which, among other and that the women were being held in a form of* things, removed the right of Utah women to vote.

slavery. When Utah's delegate, W. H. Hooper, asIn the 1890s, in a more friendly mood, Congress

sured the House that Church leaders had no objection passed an act permitting Utah Territory to become a to a law granting suffrage to women, the Congress state. In the constitutional convention that preceded

was astonished, and they failed to approve the Julian statehood, Utah's lawmakers boldly inserted a proviand Cullom bills. Anxious to attract women to its sion granting women the right to vote. This was overmale-dominated territory, however, the legislature of whelmingly approved, and Utah women (as with the

the newly established Territory of Wyoming voted on women of Colorado, Idaho, and Wyoming) were able

December 10, 1869, to grant women the right to vote. to vote many years before the Nineteenth Amendment

"Some of the members [of the Wyoming legislature],"to the U.S. Constitution was passed, permitting all

declared a contemporary judge, "urged [suffrage] from eligible women in the United States to vote beginning conviction, others voted for it thinking it would attract in 1920.

attention to the Territory, others as a joke, and others Latterday Saint women have established other in the expectation that the Governor would veto the records in the American political scene. In 1896 Dr.

measure."{The Woman's Journal [Boston], January 29, Martha Hughes Cannon became the first woman

1876, p. 36. elected to a state senate. Sister Cannon served two

When the Utah Legislature "met in January 1870, fouryear terms in Utah's upper house and sponsored there was immediate interest in considering a similar several bills that provided protection for the rights bill to grant suffrage to the women of Utah. On Januof women and children. Latterday Saints were among

ary 27, 1870, Representative Abram Hatch of Wasatch the first American women to serve on boards of

County moved that the committee on elections be trustees of state colleges and universities. They were

instructed to inquire into the propriety of such a bill. among the first to direct state eleemosynary and corWith John C. Wright of Box Elder County in the chair, rectional institutions. Sister Mary Howard was one

the House considered the question the same afternoon. of the first women mayors in the United States when

Representative Joseph F. Smith of Salt Lake County, she and four other Latterday Saint sisters were elected

the father of President Joseph Fielding Smith, moved to an allwoman city council in Kanab, Utah, in 1912.

that the committee be granted time to prepare a writUtah women were among the first to serve as jurors ten report. The motion passed unanimously. and in state and county positions.

The statute, as approved February 12, 1870, proThis heritage of womanly accomplishment reminds vided that every woman of the age of 21 or older and us that Latterday Saint women have served in recent who had resided in the territory six months preceding years in important posts in Washington, D.C., London,

any general or special elections, who had been bom the South Sea islands, and elsewhere in the world.

or naturahzed in the United States, or who was the Sister Belle S. Spafford, general president of the

wife, widow, or daughter of a nativebom or naturalRelief Societies of the Church, this year serves as ized citizen of the United States, might vote in any president of the National Council of Women, which election in the territory. Since an election was held is an outgrowth of the National Woman Suffrage Assothe very month of approval in Salt Lake City, and ciation.

another for territorial officers in August of the same May Latterday Saint women be inspired to carry vear, Utah women were able to vote well in advance on this tradition of public service! O

62 Era, April 1970 'mcemJ/i

THE SEARCH

m

BEGINNINGS, Carol Lynn Pearson's first volume of poetry, has sold over 35,000 copies, bringing enthusiastic responses from throughout the world, even from nonmembers behind the Iron Curtain. Her poems

have been reprinted and used by every auxiliary in the Church, and

CAROL LYNN PEARSON have been widely quoted—from Sacrament meetings to Stake and General Conferences.

TRILOGY ARTS Box 843 Provo, Utah 84601

Sells for only $2.95

Enclosed find $ for copies of THE SEARCH

Name Street

City - State Zip Available at all LDS Book Stores

Some people possess a blessed gift to release our irritations and growl shaping up the rhythm of the poetic

That must be heaven sent: over our inconveniences. passages.

They can make a treasured occasion It was a Thursday. All morning "What smells so good?"rang a

Of even the simplest event. I had gone through the routinevoice from the front hall. Quietness

—Harry and Joan Mier* students, letters, files, meetings, lost erupted into normal confusion as

papers. At 2:00 p.m., after no one and then another of the

lunch, I called home and said, children poured in.

"Honey, let's put on a special din- "Surprise!"called my wife, with

We are busy and ofttimes foolish ner tonight, okay?"eyes aglow, "Hurry and get cleaned

people. We wrap ourselves in a "Wonderful idea,"says she with a up. We have a special dinner!"

galloping world from which life's touch of disdain. "Shall I serve it Tired confusions of the day were

best often flashes by like glimpses on china or golden plates?"forgotten as the children prepared

from a speeding train. We see too I was courting disaster by heapfor an evening that had suddenly

little and sometimes too late into ing a request for something special taken on new life.

the world close at hand—yet we are on top of the present irritation. But We sat down at the table. "Surtold this makes us quite normal. she agreed—somehow—to come up prise?"said my skeptical son as he

But sometimes we get smart, and with a special fried shrimp dinner. eyed his plate and his surroundings.

the message of the above verse "Thanks,"I said. "I'm coming "All I've got is a piece of paper!

rings in our ears. We may not have home early—before the kids get Do I eat it or read it?"

that heavensent gift, but our haphome—and we'll see if we can take "Let's read them first,"said mv

wife. "They are part of the surprise."

Silence reigned for a few seconds, hit squeal C. high then a girlish

It's treasure a I know! "I know! I A Happier Marriage Hfert 2

hunt!""Yes,"said I, "and you can each explore your clues, but first we'll enjoy the lovely dinner."Even the

skeptical son did a double take as aMarriaseMoments bowl of steaming rice made its appearance, followed by a heaping By J. Joel and Audra Call Moss

platter of luscious fried shrimp.

piest moments come when we act time out to make it a fun evening."A joyous moment of life, a

as though we do. She couldn't quite let that pass pleasant dinner, a fun evening was

The very nature of this article's without one little side plug: "Early? enjoyed by all—in fact, a memorable

message suggests that it can best Let's see—shall I expect you at six evening! How do we know? By

be related through personal experior seven?"the many times that one or more

ences. Let us tell one of our best I surprised her—and myself—by of the children have initiated a

experiences: arriving home at three o'clock with similar treasure hunt all by themSome years ago we wisely caught the shrimp, gum, candy, and asselves, using their own money to

a "moment to treasure."We had sorted little inexpensive items buy the treats. Many times a child

just moved west, and after a most gleaned from the variety store. Two has confided to one of us, "We need

pleasant trip across country, we hours, later, the little items were a special dinner in this family."

entered our new abode—sans the hidden about the house. The bor- A man in New Mexico caught the

arrival of our moving van! For two rowed card table was set, and by importance of making special moweeks we slept on the floor, eating each plate (except mine) was a ments. He and his wife were nearfrom paper plates while the poetic offering, while from the ing their twentyfifth anniversary.

children settled into new schools kitchen tantalizing odors wafted When the anniversary arrived, he and Dad wandered through the through an empty house. It had said to his beloved, "Honey, let's

maze of a new office and a new been fun building clues for the ride up in the hills and look out job. Concern for our furniture and great treasure hunt, but more fun over the city."

belongings mounted, and we began sharing laughter and frustration in A short time later they sat look64 ing down at the lighted scene beevening as he came, he would leave feed their children early on occalow. We don't know just what the bedroom light off, tiptoe into sion and then reserve a quiet dinner

happened, but we have been told bed, give her a goodnight kiss, hour for themselves. Benjamin

that a certain woman returned and go to sleep. Franklin, in his autobiography, inhome radiant with joy and happiDeciding the moment needed a dicates his father was so adept at

ness. We later met this happy little "inspiration,"one night she introducing delightful conversation

woman—a woman still thriving on got out of bed and tucked pillows into the dinner hour that often he

the treasure of that moment, a mowhere her body should be. On the couldn't remember what he had

ment when her husband so sweetly pillow, where her head should be, eaten after the dinner was over.

proposed "continued"marriage to she placed a bowling ball. Moving Good conversation has a tremenher as he slipped a new diamond into another room, she crawled dous captivating power for satisfyring on her finger. into bed and slept. Her husband, ing human desires.

These are moments that stand true to form, came home late, Make a treasured moment of even out—moments when someone has crawled into bed, kissed her good the simple events. It isn't necesapplied the heavensent gift so well night, and went to sleep. sary that it be too often, but do it

that it forever lives in our memory. Next morning, the wife came in continuously. Have you caught the

There are other moments, just as early and removed the bowling ball message? Do you see what is

beautiful, operating around us all and the pillows so all looked needed if marriages are to move the time. normal. At breakfast time as they forward rather than fall behind?

Notes can be helpful. Many men were talking, the husband suddenly Marriages can be enriched if each

Illustrated by Don Young are not very good at expressing said, "Honey, you must have really partner can learn to enjoy and tender feelings to their wives. Perbeen mad at me last night, because capitalize on the happenings of the

haps, though, we can use a little when I crawled in and kissed ypu, moment. What a challenge this

poetry or express our feelings in you were sure hardheaded!"offers to us in our busy worlds. If

writing to her. Otherwise these We are sure the rest of the conwe would meet it, we must be alert

feelings might pass by unnoticed versation must have been an "into what is around us, yet not too and become a gray part of a gray spired moment."sensitive. We must look at the

routine of a gray living pattern. A Nebraska friend spoke of the beauty within qur grasp. We must

It is possible also to inspire the treasured moments of dinner as one take time to inspire the moment and "touchy"moments so they may be of his marital joys. "When I come to express appreciation for that

dealt with a little more honestly home,"he said, "she doesn't trot out which someone else does to make it and, perhaps, with a little more all the cares of the day and heap a treasured event. O

humor. The story is told of the them upon my shoulders. She

lady who was a bowling widow. keeps them until later. At dinner Affection spoken only in words

Each weekend, friends of her husshe always has something to spark May like the real thing appear, band came from other cities to the conversation."But love's silent language is told

bowl, and he would return very late We feel we have very much In gestures only the soul can hear.

from the sport. She never knew neglected dinnertable conversation—Harry and Joan Mier*

Mier, Begins BeHappiness "Harry and Joan

Hills: Publishers. Breakfast, Merit Beverlywhen to expect him. He was a very in our modern world. We heartily fore

thoughtful husband, though. Each recommend that married couples Used by permission.

Era, April 1970. 65

Regional Los Angeles Temple Chairman of Church

Representative President Named Indian Committee

Barry P. Knudsen, Myrthus W. Evans, Elder LeGrand Richards

former president of the patriarch of the of the Council of the

San Diego (California) Mt. Rubidoux Stake in Twelve has been appointed

Stake, has been called Riverside, California, has by the First Presidency to serve as a been called to be as chairman of the

Regional Representative of president of the Los Angeles Church Indian Committee.

the Council of the Temple. President Evans Eider Richards replaces

Twelve. He has been replaces President President Spencer W.

assigned to the Pomona Benjamin L. Bowring, who Kimball, acting president

(California) Region, has served since the of the Council of the which includes the Covina, temple was dedicated 15 Twelve, who has served

El Monte, Pomona, years ago. as a member of

and West Covina stakes. President Evans has the Indian Committee

Brother Knudsen was been superintendent for since shortly after his president of the San Diego 22 years of an Indian call to the Council

Stake for 15 years. school near Riverside. of the Twelve in 1943.

Work Progresses on Church Administration Building

Work on the new 30story Church Administration Building is progressing, as installation of the steel beams is well underway.

The building, which will rise 430 feet above ground, will feature 28 floors, a penthouse, and a service tower. It will house all Church

auxiliaries except the Relief Society;

the Genealogical Society, Church

Historian's office and library,

Presiding Bishopric's office, and other departments of the Church.

Completion is expected in mid1972. Offices of the First

Presidency and other General Authorities will remain in the Church

Office Building on the same block.

Mormon Youth Syrtiphony and Chorus Debut

The Mormon Youth Symphony and Chorus musicians and singers between 18 and 29 years recently presented in the Salt Lake Tabernacle its first of age. Music of the symphony and chorus is

public concert. Directed by Dr. Jay E. Welch, featured on Church missionary radio programs

assistant director of the Mormon Tabernacle Choir, presently aired in 46 states, Canada, the group consists of nearly 400 young and other countries.

Advisers Announced for Auxiliaries

The First Presidency recently announced the committee, will be adviser to the MIAs and Sunday appointments of four members of the Council of the School. Elder Gordon B. Hinckley, chairman of the

Twelve as advisers to the auxiliary organizations of the Children's Correlation Committee, will be adviser to the

Church. Elder Marion G. Romney, chairman of the Primary and Sunday School. Elder Thomas S. Monson,

Home Teaching and Family Home Evening committees, chairman of the Adult Correlation Committee, will will be one of the advisers of the Relief Society. be adviser to the Sunday School and MIAs.

This assignment will correlate the work Thus the chairmen of the various correlation of the Relief Society with the priesthood in the home committees are now advisers to the teaching and family home evening programs. auxiliaries that serve members of corresponding

Elder Richard L. Evans, chairman of the Youth Correlation age groups.

Era, April 1970 67 ute for your ward teachers?"

We sat down in the kitchen, where they offered us the two kitchen chairs. On subsequent

visits we always sat in the kitchen.

Mr. Weeks would sit on a high

wooden stool, and his wife would sit on a bench after first lifting a large wire basket of fresh eggs to the floor. There was always a

basket of eggs on that bench.

Promptly that first evening Brother Beck inquired about the current price of eggs, and for perhaps 15 minutes we discussed various aspects of eggs and poultry before saying goodbye. We always discussed eggs with the Weeks. Sometimes it was the price, sometimes

the way that brown eggs seemed to be cropping up with greater frequency. Sometimes we dis-

J i cussed the chickens, or repairing the chicken coops, or when the molt would start. And the Weeks seemed

i * to enjoy our visits. Brother Beck

never suggested that we have a word of prayer. In fact, we rarely

mentioned the Church except perhaps for a fleeting reference to "your ward teachers"upon our arrival.

Once I said to Brother Beck, "We always talk about eggs there. You're

a school principal, but you seem to know an awful lot about eggs.MESSAGEBy Dr. Dwane J. Sykes Are you especially interested in

eggs yourself?"

It was on a February evening brick home. For years I'd walked "No, not especially,"he replied,

several years ago in a small central by there on my way to school, but smiling, "but the Weeks are."

Utah town that Brother Beck first I never knew that either old Mr. Our next stop on my first teachpicked me up in his blue Chevrolet Weeks or his wife was a Mormon. ing trip was at the home of the

coupe. I was 14 years old and had I'd never seen them in church. We Clarks. Brother Clark was on the

just been assigned as his junior passed by the big front porch, high council. We had hardly

companion for home teaching, or walked around to the side of the been seated before Brother Beck ward teaching, as we called it house, and climbed the narrow launched into a twominute sumthen. cement steps to knock at the back mary of the message for the month,

I was surprised when our first door. after which he and Brother Clark

stop was in front of Mr. Weeks's "Hello, Mrs. Weeks. Got a minbegan quoting scriptures and doctrine back and forth to each other

or. Dwane J. Sykes, who grew up in Pleasant Grove, Utah, is now head of concerning the lesson. Almost like a

the Land Resources Department at the University of Alaska and is in the duel, they ranged from the Sermon

Fairbanks Ward bishopric. on the Mount to the Doctrine and

Covenants to Church history to the

LEE Home Electric Flour MillHandy Compact Automatic

last us a call and we'll take care of Electric to Sunof of RevelationBook it.'J. back lesson, thenday's priesthood

through the Sermon on the Mount. Driving away in the car, I asked,

I sat with folded hands, watching "Was that a ward teaching visit?"

them banter scriptures back and "Sure was. That is the only conforth, turning my head from one tact Sister Davis has with the

to the other as if watching a tennis Church—or with the outside world,

match. After half an hour Brother for that matter. The first few

Beck left a note about next month's months I started calling there, she lesson, we had a prayer, and we wouldn't even answer the door.

took our leave. So it went, from Never have made it inside—yet. But

month to month at the Clark home. if you looked carefully underneath Whole Wheat

On that first round of visits we those disgruntled wrinkles, you saw Stone grind your own whole wheat next pulled up in front of old Mrs. that our visit actually tickled her flour in a LEE Electric Home Flour Mill.

Davis's tiny place. The naked trees pink. She'd feel terribly disaptoCompact,use. Don'thandy,shortchangeautomatic andyourselfso easyon

and tangled shrubbery crowded pointed if we didn't come by every health. Get all the nutritional value

close, blending with the archaic month to greet her through that natureUse homeput ground,into everystonegraingroundof wheat.Whole

unpainted frame house. Without dark opening in the door."Wheat flour. Your rolls and bread taste

mill flour for today Write better her. disappoint didn't Brother Beck opened Wesaying a word, models. 4 prices—too.

last visit on that first Our brought See, taste of his YOURSELF: car and how FOR evening JUDGE the trunk

out a snow shovel. Curious, I folwas with the young Johnson fammuchbaked bettergoods stoneare. Sendgroundcheckwholeor moneywheat

lowed along behind as he shoveled ily. Though he always saw the order for 5 lb. package Deaf Smith

using Flour Free recipes $1.50. Brother School, family in Sunday the walk toward from the the snow

Flour. Wheat were Whole inquired IE how they 4-70 the Beck now across scraping noisily house,

cement. Though the snow was getting on, about the health of the

days old, I noticed that only one two youngsters, and how things LEE2023 W.ENGINEERINGWiscentin Av. Milwaukee,COMPANYWis. 53201

or two foot tracks had trodden the were going with Brother Johnson's snowy walk before us. From the job. Everyone cheerfully particicorner of my eye I observed a pated in a discussion of the monthmovement behind the oldfashioned ly message, including the new

lace curtains in the window. A head junior companion. After the prayer,

peeked out, watching suspiciously. we all made a trek to the basement

Brother Beck knocked loudly at to see the children's new baby the door. No response. He knocked hamsters.

again. Slowly the door opened a On a later visit, after learning

few inches and the eyes of a little that Brother Johnson had played grayhaired lady peered out over a trombone in high school. Brother

a pair of wirerimmed spectacles. Beck, also a onetime trombone

"Sister Davis, I want you to meet player in a local band, brought my new teaching companion, along his trombone as a surprise,

Brother Sykes. He's LaMar's son,"and the two of them had a gay time

said Brother Beck loudly and cheerpuffing and tooting on their now HELP!

fully through the screen door. littleused instruments. Thishas tois gowhento workyourforinsuranceyou. To makeman

There was a slight grunt in reply. During those years I was a forsure he will, make sure now he's

I pulled the screen door ajar to tunate companion to a teacher who anHis independentjob is to serveinsuranceyou first agent.when

gingerly extend my hand for a had a message and knew how to you need help most. We're indebrief, limp handshake. deliver it. In a special way, appropendent agents. Call us any time.

Brother Beck had already turned priate to each individual's charwas, acter. 'Beck's Brother message walk, the halfway down was and

a lot—in care. care shovel, his "We the We from snow banging IfiiGBNT

FIRST any, InsurancegYouSERVESRJ independentVOU us, let will as much you see way that "We'll you back, called he when again next month. And Sister Davis, as you will let us. Why? You're

don't let the snow pile up on your important to us. That's why we HEBER J. GRANT & CO.

walk like this. You just give one care."O General Agents, Salt Lake City

Era, April 1970 69

NONDRINKING

Buffs and RebuffsDRIVERS ARE YOU GETTING ALL THE INSURANCE PROTECTION YOU ARE PAYING FOR?

The Preferred Risk "PLUS"auto

policy offers all the protection of most standard policies—PLUS

ADDITIONAL BROADER COVERAGES—AT LOWER PRICES

than standard rates.

FOR TOTAL

ABSTAINERS ONLY ( one beer a year City Planning is too many As a former planning and urban affairs writer for the Honolulu StarBulletin, I

MORE PROTECTION especiallycember] relatingappreciatedto Josephyour articlesSmith as[De-a than offered in standard city planner and the iiifluence of his in the Mountain communities planning on auto policies.

that to also wish know West. may You

the influence of Joseph Smith and his blueprint for cities is known in Hawaii

AsIc for your in the Latterday Saint community of is more the community Laie. Although personal rate.

it is still considered years old, than 100

No obligation. be the bestplanned and laidout town toin

Look for your Preferred Risk Mutual agent ofthe otherentirepredominantlyAloha State. LatterdayThis is also Sainttrue

under "Insurance"in the YELLOW PAGES communities throughout the Pacific region.

OR USE THIS COUPON SenateAlf PratteMinority Administrative

NO OBUGMION Assistant State of Hawaii INSURANCE CO.

2t50 So. 2nd. W"t Salt lake City, Utah Dept. IE 4-70 January Issue

Pleise send me, withotJt obligation, complete Information on your automobile insurance for Total Abstainers. I am sure mine will be but one of many

I am a total abstainer, and have had no accidents for the past 3 Q(Checkor 5one)D years. lettersfully movingof thanksissueinspiredyou havebyproducedthe powerfor

it. I describes hardly Superb

J have had Name Address for grateful especially trementhe my January.am

driver's license article enlightening Brother dously by State City.years.

it will recogNibley. be I hope Hugh

Occupation No. of Cars in Family have taken a nized by all for what it brings to our

driver training eternal memories. The conference talks

Make of Car Model Year No. of cyls course, n Yes n No In December's issue were, as always, a

showerbath to the soul.

Car Is Used Auto for: Circle Owner Stoker PFC Tom

Insurance of This Virginia Business Myer, Fort Q Car MYSELF PRINCIPALDRIVER ALL1. OTHER2. DRIVERS3. MyExpires:

Pleasure BIRTH DATE Month Q From Israel work SEX To and from Day,....miles one way MARRIED Year beI thoughtinterestedmembersto knowof thatthe Churchon Septembermight

Amerlca'M first Total Abstainer's Automobile Insurance Company 12, 1969, a Latterday Saint group was

Not available in New York, New Jersey, Massachusetts, North Carolina, or Virginia. officially organized in Israel under the

direction of Swiss Mission President M.

Sales manager wanted for Southern California. Call or write

Mr. W. Reid, 9617 Lakewood Blvd. Downey Calif. 8612291

Sixteen Christensen. membersElmer DarUnanswered group, with constitute thepresently

rell L. Hicken presiding as group leader

and David B. Galbraith assisting. A comBy Jane Merchant

bined Sunday School and sacrament meeting is held every Saturday morning in

Jerusalem in Brother and Sister Gal- "What errand took a single bird attendedbraith's home and is often by Across the rainswept sky currentlyseveral investigators. We are

engaged in organizing auxiliary meetings Of evening dusk?"one watcher mused.

and in trying to contact other members in But no one made reply.

Israel.

Bonnie Y. White

Jerusalem, Israel To one who does not deeply know,

President McKay The heart cannot explain

I just received my first issue of the Era. The reason for a leisurely

It magazine! was a wonderfulOh, what

of an Lone flying in the rain. hopesreally beyond my wildest

inspirational publication. Reading of the

wonderful things in the life of President

McKay really strengthened my testimony.

I'm a new convert. "The Spoken Word"from Tem-

R. Michael ple Square, McMahon presented over KSL Minnesota The Grove, Cottage Broadcasting and the Columbia

System February 8, 1970. 1970.Stone Letters SpokenWord

Referring to Mr. Carr's letter [February,

"Buffs"], I know that there are stone lethills of four mining townsters on the in 'The character of our country"

Superior, and Miami, Globe,Arizona:

A]0. I lived in Globe 19 years and Ajo By Richard L. Evans

seven years. There are probably similar

letters in Bisbee, Morenci, and Jerome. I historians say there have been some nineteen civilizations rise

of these were towns anydoubt that Someand fall in human history, and the principal cause for downfall was

I beHowever, Mormons.founded by

lieve that Woodruff, a Mormon town, has moral decay. Civilization and survival, are, besides all else, matters

Mr. Carr'sone. by I was intrigued theory. of morals. If we have no sound moral foundation, we have no safety, no

in Arizona borrow a MormonDid miners tradition or custom? assurance for the future. "Let us,"said Charles Sumner, "turn our

Norman D. Smith thoughts on the character of our country."'Let us instill in youth

Freemont, California decency, honesty, cleanliness in conduct. Let homes, parents, teachers,

Thanks to the Parents textbooks, entertainment, and all else that is offered them—all that

For many years I have felt obligated to goes to make the man—be shaped and fashioned in truth and dignity

force of the Church, and missionarythe felt of and decency, so shaped that they can and will sincerely say, "On my the armas serviceman I have a..,"in shoulder many, aroundfriendship Country. I will duty my to God and my do my do my best—To

is it of the world. partsmany so, Except the it be prepared, commandments. "2—to keep—honor,to "be to that I said yousabout time my thankI think

the folks who work so hard to raise these we shall find that what we are sowing will rot as it ripens. "... there is

then, in and young peoplewonderful the even now something of ill omen amongst us,"said Abraham Lincoln. as it give were, years,really worthwhile

them up in order that they may serve the "I mean the increasing disregard for law... the growing disposition

globe. the of foreign landsLord in lieu of the sober judgfurious wild passions substitute to the and areas are indeed mission the Weinofthe

.. force a choice longer has world of courts. between no that.""The friendship ment for the love andthankful

so freely,are offered and owe so we very and law,"said Dwight Eisenhower. "If civilization is to survive it must

taught parents have to the whomuch their children the gospel principles, put choose the rule of law.""At what point then is the approach of danger

these into action in the home, and then to be expected?"Lincoln continued. "I answer. If it ever reach us it

graciouslyso shared their joys with us must spring up amongst us.... If destruction be our lot we must ourlands.of other

My home is ever open to the missionselves be its author and finisher. As a nation of freemen, we must

their for is available workshop aries. My I live through all time or die by suicide. "What then shall we say for yet gadgets and and equipment,broken

parents thefeel repay never that can we this twentieth shall would call of what the some we say future—what

blessings the us unselfishly bringwho finally, a question to of character—the civilization? down, It comes playing with from that working and come

these choice people. May the folks at character of each of us—"the character of our country.""We—even

love and admirehome know that we responsibility. the bear and hold the power We shall their we here—of us daughters. would sons So many and

if it last, of earth. "4... best of the lose the were Churchnot hope be save or meanly members nobly

not for the living testimony of the missionary program. 'Charles Sumner, "Oration on the True Grandeur of Nations,"delivered in Boston, July 4, 1845.

Hadley a. R. Murton The Scout Oath and Motto

Holyhead, Anglesey Abraham Lincoln, Address before Young Men's Lyceum, Springfield, Illinois, January 27, 1838.

North Wales 'Abraham Lincoln, Annual Message to Congress, 1862.

Era, April 1970 71 Could you spare a moment for your boy? for your friend's boy?

The Church MovesOn

February 1970 South Stake; Charles F. Cagle and counselors

Travis T. Tynes and Mack Hayes, Jr., ShreveThe annual penny drive in behalf of the port (Louisiana) Stake: Leo G. Stewart and

Primary Children's Hospital in Salt Lake City counselors LeRoy C. Carlson and Lloyd E.

is being conducted this month. In a doorHansen, North Tooele (Utah) Stake; Lee K.

todoor campaign, unique over the years in Udall and counselors Wilbur Coombs Woolf that not one cent is deducted for the exand Joseph N. Skousen, Mesa (Arizona)

penses of the drive, people are being urged South Stake.

to be generously old as they contribute at least two cents for each of their years. President Joseph Fielding Smith anof Elder the appointment nounced Howard This could be the most of Hunter the Council of the Twelve mM Although recent storms have caused W. important moment in slippage of earth near the Oakland Temple, the Church Historian and recorder. Elderas

your boy's life this year. President Thomas 0. Call reports the temple Hunter will continue to serve as president

itself is unharmed. "We have had no slipof the Genealogical Society as well.

page, no sliding. The temple is as solid as

the Rock of Gibraltar. The problem area is New stake presidency: Barry I. Rusden located a block or two away from the temmand counselors Hugh A. Daysh and Matple."Fourteen families living in homes along thew T. Chote, Auckland (New Zealand)

London Road, below the temple, have moved stake.

from their homes. There has been no damage to any Church buildings, With the announcement of the appointment of Barry P. Knudsen of San Diego,

Bl The appointments of Alice Rae Clark California, as a Regional Representative of and Janet Kirton of Salt Lake City to the the Twelve, it was also announced that 16

What boy hasn't dreamed of general board of the Deseret Sunday School new regions have been organized and are caring for his own horse, Union were announced. functioning in the United States.

cattle, whiteface wrangling (California) the Stake, stake presidencies: Alton West Anaheim New L. Wade Kil UU in fishing clearflowing by organized Ritchie counselors and was 502nd and W. now functioning, Raymond

.. parent. and what streams of of Katene, Herewini Elder Council the Zealand) Hunter Hamilton (New Howard W.

hasn't wished this dream could come true... without

flattening the family purse? / "--*

Timber Creek Ranch may be the answer to both these \.-

dreams... it spreads beneath 'w

the Big Sky Country of Montana. New concept of 'I r

work and play keeps cost low.

Owners are an LDS couple. -m.t

Cliff and Lil Spencer, who believe boys belong on a at"least ranch once in their Two Starkly Simple Verities will receive boy lives. Your

in his neverto-beloving care Write By Evalyn Sandberg 4 adventure.forgotten

today.

Special arrangements for A gentle A gentle

Scout and Explorer groups. but 'persistent rain but persistent habit

can become can become Timber Creek Ranch a raging torrent a powerful catalyst

Drummond, Montana 59832 that will carve that will carve

TIHEER newnew streamcanyons,beds,forgeand change newnew patterns,achievements,forge and transform 'fT:%: GREEK the face of the land. a personality. 'Jk RANCH Btity

"The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting System

February 1, 1970. 1970.

the Twelve from portions of Anaheim Stake,

Hugh J. Sorensen is president, with William If we are running deeply

L. Walker, Jr., and C. Robert Jensen as into debtcounselors.

By Richard L. Evans

01 The First Presidency announced new advisers to the auxiliaries. is a somewhat Each serves matter on that calls mundane

Correlationthe Elder Executive Committee. Therefor comment because it concerns conscience

Marion G. Romney, chairman of the Home and character, and certainly selfrespect. WeTeaching and Family comHome Evening

mittees, will be an adviser to the Relief are referring to the downdrag of an overdue debt,

Society. Elder Richard L. Evans, chairman and the selfrespect of solvency. This in turn conof the Correlation Youth Committee, will be cerns basic relationships some of marlife. Many

adviser toan the School, Sunday YMMIA, riages run into trouble because of matters of money. Elderand B. Hinckley, YWMIA. Gordon

chairman of the Children's Correlation ComMany people run out on responsibilities because mittee, will be an adviser to the Primary and of matters of money. Many people avoid other

School. ElderSunday S. Monson, Thomas people because of matters of money. Many are of the Adultchairman Correlation Committee, will be an adviser to the Sunday worried, unhappy, deeply concerned because of

School, YMMIA, YWMIA, and Relief Society. matters of money. And if we are running deeply

Presidency The First announced the apinto debt, unless we change direction we shall run ofpointment Elder LeGrand of the Richards

Council of the Twelve as chairman of the more deeply into debt. Good management in money

Church Indian Committee. matters is always important, not forgetting thrift,

The First Presidency announced the apworking, saving; and remembering, before we commit

ofpointment Myrthus Evans, presently W. ourselves to pay something, that we shall, by allpatriarch in Mt. (California) Rubidoux Stake,

as president of the Los Angeles Temple. the means we can, do our best to see it through,

He is to be installed at a special temple and not incur a needless debt without some reameeting March 8. sonable assurance of being able to meet it when

it comes due. There is this searching question from

the Master of mankind: "For which of you, intending to build a tower, sitteth not down first, and

counteth the cost, whether he have sufficient to finish it? Lest haply, after he hath laid the foundation, and is not able to finish it, all that behold it

begin to mock him, Saying, This man began to build, and was not able to finish."'The money we owe

represents someone else's work, someone else's effort, someone's saving, someone's giving up something he might have had. Whenever we don't pay

a debt, we take something, somehow, from someone—

\ and so we should always consider the ability to repay before borrowing. Sometimes situations appear impossible, and the law gives relief; but we

shouldn't use it lightly to escape our commitments.

We ought to keep our word, to keep our credit, to keep our trust, to keep the confidence of others in us, to the best of our ability. "For which of you.

intending to build a tower, sitteth not down first, and counteth the cost, whether he have sufficient to finish it?'"

'Luke 14:2830.

Era, April 1970 73 Scientists Now Agree "Wheat"for Man!

"The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting System

January 4, 1970. 1970.

don't change direction MAY WE SHOW YOU HOW THIS If we

MILL CAN PUT MONEY IN YOUR By Richard L. Evans

POCKET, AND HEALTH ON YOUR TABLE? is simple a axiom which says: "A straight

Mill is The Lynco new Wheat is an all Thereline shortest the distance Idea, two between using stones, grinding patented new and a powerful electric motor, that will points."There is another simple assertion, modilbs convert 5

of wheat into cake flour fied somewhat for our present purpose, which, in minutes. 4 in y/x to

Without a bulky flour bag, and being substance, says: If we don't change direction, we will

FREE of Dust, the Lynco Mill is a good arrive at where we are going. This applies to people

lookinEj. and compact machine. personally, to companies, to communities, to counMill can The Lynco be operated with tries. If we don't change direction, we shall arrive electrical power. or without

FULLY GUARANTEED at where we are going. If, for example, we are

FO* MOKI INFO*WTKM Wltrri: running more deeply in debt, we shall continue to

LYNCO NATIONAL run deeper into debt unless we change direction.

Box 15 If we are doing anything detrimental to health and

Filer, Idaho 83328 happiness, if we don't change direction, we shall arrive at ill health and unhappiness. If our relationships with our loved ones are deteriorating, if we

are moving toward less happiness in marriage, less happiness at home, sincerely we should search ourselves, and see what part we are playing in the downhill process, before we bring heartbreak to ourselves and to the lives of our loved ones. If we are falsifying,

if we are engaging in small degrees of dishonesty, taking things that belong to others and not to us, breaking the law, not being quite truthful or forthright, not giving quite an honest day of effort—if

persistently we are moving in such directions, we "A DAY shall arrive at where they take us. If we are not taking

FOR JUSTIN"the trouble to learn, to study, to apply ourselves, we

A true - to - life setting shall arrive at wherever we're going, knowing less concerning a boy's rethan we ought to know. Sometimes we live with the

lationship to his father, hope that something will happen to take us in a a member of a busy different direction. And it may be that something

bishopric. The movie outside ourselves might do so. But even if someone

features Robert Peterson else were to provide us with every opportunity, there and Johnny Whitaker would still have to be within us the will, the willingness to learn, to repent, to improve. The way to

INSPIRATIONAL change is to change. The way to repent is to depart

LDS FILMS from former practices—to change direction, to turn

Available from your to the right road. If we don't change direction, we

nearest LDS Film Library will arrive at where we are going.

BYU EDUCATIONAL MEDIA SERVICE Herald R. Clark Building

Brigham Young University Provo, Utah 84601. Be TheseTimes Insurance

.. Rich with Beneficial Life's Gold Leaf policy

You don't have to be big in oil or cattle to afford the Insurance you need.

The Beneficial Life Gold Leaf term series is designed with the average young family man In mind. He's

Illustrated fay Maurice Scan/on starting to move up the income ladder, but he's got the responsibility of

By Dr. G. Homer Durham providing for a young family. He's

Commissioner and Executive Officer, Utah System of Higher Education concerned about his family's future, especially if anything should On Friday, January 23, 1970, officer of that body. The smooth, happen to him.

Elder Joseph Fielding Smith was orderly transition in reconstituting Now, Beneficial Life's Gold Leaf sustained as the tenth President the First Presidency was a model series allows him to beef up his life insurance—and his peaceof the Church at a meeting in the for any organization. All systems

of mind—coveragefor an "even-l-canafford-

Salt Lake Temple. President Smith generally encounter difficulties that"monthly premium. Check

chose as his first counselor in the when the issue of succession these sample figures:

First Presidency Elder Harold B. occurs, whether families, corpoInitial Insurance Monthly PremiumLee. President Lee was sustained rations, schools, churches, or Age

less than $17.00 $100,000 25

as the new president of the Coungovernments. Succession in the 25 50,000 less than 9.00

19.00 less than 100,000cil of the Twelve, succeeding Presipresidency of The Church of Jesus 30

less than 50,000 30 dent Smith in that capacity. Elder Christ of Latterday Saints follows 35 100,000 less than 23.0010.00

Spencer W. Kimball was sustained a constitutional pattern set forth 35 50,000 less than 12.00

as acting president of the Twelve in the revelations contained in the It's a great policy. And Beneficial's a

in view of President Lee's service book of Doctrine and Covenants great company. It's great because

in the First Presidency. Elder and procedures that have carefully great people serve with Beneficial and

Nathan Eldon Tanner was susfollowed that pattern since the great people are served by Beneficial.

tained as second counselor to death of President Joseph Smith If this is the l<ind of company you'd

President Smith. in 1844. lil<e to keep, see your local Beneficial

Upon the death of President Contemporary organizations, 47LifeW.consultant,South Temple,or write

David 0. McKay, Sunday, January church or. otherwise, are conSalt Lake City, Utah

18, 1970, the former First Presifronted with many challenges and 84101. Let's talk about

dency was immediately dissolved problems, simply as organizations. NEW GROWTH

and the Council of the Twelve beThis is especially true when they FOR YOU!

came the governing council of the acquire international character

Church, with President Joseph and embrace largescale operaFielding Smith as the presiding tions. The U.S. Department of Beneficial Life

INSURANCE COMPANY Salt Lake City, Utah Era, April 1970 75 ELECTRIC WHEAT CRACKER

State is one such. Many studies, April 6, 1830. Sections 20 and

official and unofficial, have been 21 of the Doctrine and Covenants, a constitutionaloffices, however, outlined the complicated made of saves money—of unusual plan organization establishments, overseas bureaus, Freshly cracked

wheat for one committees, and policy groups that breadth. Section 21, given to guide

cent per serving! have been established to adminthe new church, set forth the imister the foreign policies of the portance of records and record saves time—United States and to provide adkeeping. Additional revelations in

hopper, Fill the flick switch vice to the President. The organizathe next few years, especially Secthe

and the job's tion had become so large and so tions 107 and 124, provided the done! complicated by the time of John constitutional basis that has sucCosts only a little more than F. Kennedy's presidency that he cessfully guided the Church from

created his own "little State Desix members onward.

the oldfashioned hand grinder partment"in the White House. Had President Joseph Fielding

Fully adjustable grind from Communication, to and from the Smith come to an office of leadercoarse to fine field, is one of the persistent, pership in a large and powerful naOperates on either AC or DC plexing problems in largescale, tion, with his background of

Choice of colors, white or international organizations. Thouexperience, he could have been

sandalwood sands of cablegrams, radiograms, welldescribed by such a nation's

Only $26.95 postage preand other messages flow in and commentators as "its leading conpaid

Satisfaction guaranteed or your money out of the Department of State stitutional historian."Certainly,

back. Order today, stating color choice, hourly. In its simpler days, Alfred no one has the detailed underfrom Davjd Q Youngs P. Sloan attempted to direct Genstanding of the law and doctrines

Supplies Storage Food Albany, Box 6132, Ca 94706 eral Motors by means of finance, underlying the government of the (Calif, residents add $1.35 sales tax) engineering and production, and Church, together with such an

marketing committees, with Mr. extensive experience with its jurisSloan making weekly trips from prudence and organization, whethBishop: the finance group in New York to er in its national or international

Is the Sacrament the other groups in Detroit. Much setting, as has President Smith.

prepared or puddled? earlier in this century, the papacy, As President Smith assumed ofheadquartered in Rome, attempted fice, the organized stakes of the

central direction and communicaChurch passed the 500 mark.

tion with more than 2,000 dioceses Semiannual general, quarterly throughout the world by all normal stake, annual ward, and other conmanagement methods, plus the ferences are but one means of device of an ad limina visit of each communication in the Church.

bishop, from each diocese, to Since 1830, the conference sysRome about every five years. Thus tem, however, has been one of

the Pope, as Bishop of Rome, atthe remarkable organizational intempted to keep in understanding struments of an expanding Church.

touch with the two thousand or Our accountants, business and belongs water sacrament The the more other bishops throughout the other administrators could quickly over in not puddled the cups, tray. world. Jet planes, electronic comcalculate that in 1970, more than

water the sacrament Prepare Water Filler and munications, and data processing 500 stakes will hold more than with the Webster you will have: do not seem to make the organiza- 2,000 quarterly conferences; that

1. All cups filled quickly and tion problems of the contemporary if a member of the Twelve went to

evenly, with NO puddles on world any simpler or easier. a different stake every week, 40

tray. the 2. Convenient cup filling, even When the Chiurch was organized weeks of the year, and toured one

at the sacrament table. 140 years ago, the First and Secof the 88 missions in some of

3. to Option use either pan or ond Elders, Joseph Smith and the remaining weeks, he might

flat trays. type

4. A foolproof, simple piece of Oliver Cowdery, could enjoy faceget around to each stake and misequipment that will last toface communication with the sion about once every dozen years;

indefinitely. other four members present on that the Twelve, their assistants,

For further information, write

John U. Webster, 215 Douglas

Street, Salt Lake City, Utah "innTiTTSmiyTnTinnyTTmnnnnTiTjnnnnnTxn

the First Council of the Seventy, and the Presiding Bishopric (about 36 men), if assigned to 46 conferences per year, could attend only some 1,650 of the more than 2,000 quarterly conferences held by the stakes, and so on.

But as President Brigham Young was fond of saying, "The Lord is atthe helm."The growth to a thouFREE

or two,sand, or ten thousand DISPLAY and DEMONSTRATION willstakes not overwhelm and suffocate the organization. And from for your

purely secular considerations, it is Ward, Fireside, Home or Food Club activity thatclear in the Church produces large numbers of what Eat, touch, smell, feel and taste powdered butter, current administrative literature powdered shortening, powdered syrup, powdered could call "experienced orgavinegar, powdered cheese, powdered peanut butnization specialists."From home ter.

training, through the auxiliaries EAT top quality corn, carrots, beans, peas, fruit e;and quorums, both young etc. men and blend,

young women learn to work with the EB niceties of organization and relationships of people within and WHEAT, RICE, BEANS among organizations.

President Joseph Smith, from and SPLIT PEAS 1830 to 1844, directed printing, 3 mercantile, educational, landde- ARE NOT ENOUGH!

velopment, city planning, hotel, steamship, coalmining, and timber A Nutritionally Balanced Program operations and other enterprises Is Needed while establishing stakes in Ohio,

Missouri, Iowa, and Illinois, and See what- a year's supply really looks like.

missions throughout the then Temperature and storage problems explained.

United States, Canada, England, Proper cans are a must. Why a stabilized storage

and the South Seas. atmosphere is used. Why top quality foods are

Assuming the presidency in best.

1970, President Joseph Fielding

Smith enjoys the heritage and S knowledge of this extensive orhis plusganization experience, is f ofintimate knowledge what much more important: the importance of living in harmony with the Food Diuision

commandments of God. The machinery of organization, after all, 149 East 3rd Street (714) 8451691

is only a means. And however Beaumont, Calif. 92223

fascinating to students of management and administration the

Church has been, now is, and will increasingly become, its greater marvels exist in its mission, not:EHEaHQQE2nEQE3E3QQQEaEaE2E2QE aKaE2nnE2EEQEaaEaQHB

organization, in these times. o

Era, April 1970 11 SOUTHERN UTAH STATE APPLICATION FOR ADMISSION

IMPORTANT: Each firsttime freshman must have his high school mail a copy of his high school record. Each applicant who has

attended a college or university as a regular student must submit a complete transcript of all college credits earned. All transcripts

must be mailed by the high school or college concerned.

1-Full Name.

2-lf you have used a different name while attending school, give name formerly used

3-Permanent Address

4- Local Address 5-Date of Birth Street Place of Bir+iCi

6-Are you a resident of Utah?

gocial Security Number

ropriate spaces: Male Female hool graduate? wh

Where is

fcSfore?

COLLEGE IS MORE THAN A GAME 2''":iti

AND THAT'S WHY WE'D LIKE YOU TO GET TO KNOW US

- is Southern State college four Utah's newest Utah year if Degree, any, in but of business the for we've been education a lonth and Year and date awarded long time. fully accredited We're academically and

excellent. We offer degrees in nearly every major

field. We're small, which is on asset for you. It

means that you can participate and be involved.

You're a person (with a name and identity) not just another number. Our facilities are

excellent and our campus is beautiful. (We like

trees and grass and rocks and all the things that create a natural atmosphere.)

The IDS Institute program is big at Southern Utah

State, and the clean, friendly environment is something we're proud of.

We're close to some of nature's greatest masterpieces and fun spots. I WANT TO KNOW MORE ABOUT SUSC

Me: Send honestly think that We General Catalog ($1.) we have Te Veterans Administratior Please Q special something for YOU. Admission Forms |

Financial Aids Information Q Housing Information [ Student Employment Information Q]

Viease corivlete other side..- Name Address

..State CityUTAH*S NE\A/EST FOURYEAR COLLEGE Services Mail To: SUSC InformationCEDAR CITY Cedar City, Utah 84720...Zip.

The Sacrifice of Sarah By Dr. Hugh Nibley

A Fateful Journey: The history of nificant terms: "... now we passed hand, we find in Pharaonic times, in

Palestine has been to a remarkable de through our land and entered into the the employ of Sshmt.t, the divine lady

gree a story of "boom and bust,"from land of the sons of Ham, the land of of the Eastern Delta, the very district prehistoric times down to the present; Egypt,"as if the family was definitely where our little drama is taking place,

and that happy and unhappy land moving from one spiritual and cultural a busy official and agent bearing the has never had a greater boom or a more domain to another. This is interesttitle of Hrhknw, "the Lord of Prospectacular bust than occurred in the ing because the Book of Abraham lays tection,"whose business was to police

days of Abraham. Hebron was a brand peculiar emphasis on the Hamitic the area and keep an eye on foreigners,

new city, bustling with activity, when blood of this particular Pharaoh as with whom he was Pharaoh's contact

Abraham and his family settled there.""well as his anxious concern to estabman; he is, in fact, according to H.

Just to the east were the even more lish his authority—always a touchy Kees, none other than our old friend

thriving Cities of the Valley, to which point with the DeltaPharaohs, whose Nefertem, the immemorial frontier

Lot migrated to improve his fortune. right to rule was often challenged by guard of the northeastern boundary,

Preliminary rumblings and prophetic the priests and the people of Upper the official host, border inspector, and warnings of things to come went unEgypt. In his new home, Abraham, watchdog (or rather watchlion) of

heeded by a populace enjoying unprecean international figure in the caravan the foreigners coming to Egypt—espedented prosperity (today this is called business, entertained local officials cially from Canaan. Nothing could

"nuclear incredulity"), but nonetheboth as a matter of policy and from be more natural than to have this less, the area was hit hard by a famine his own celebrated love of hospitality conscientious border official checking that forced Abraham to move out of and of people. up on Abraham from time to time and

Hebron after he had lived there only One day he was entertaining "three enjoying his hospitality. And since

two years. Everybody was moving to men,"courtiers of "PharaohZoan,"at it was his duty to report to Pharaoh

Egypt and settling in the area nearest dinner (G.A. XIX, 24, 27). Abraham whatever he considered of interest or

to Canaan and most closely resembling would host such special delegations significance on his beat, it is not surthe geography and economy of the again, in Canaan: there would be the prising that a report of HRQNWSh

Jordan depression, namely, "the land three heavenly visitors whom he would and his aides to the king contained a of Egypt, as thou comest to Zoar,"in feast "in the plains of Mamre"(Gen. glowing account of Abraham's dazzling

the eastern Delta, where there had 18: Iff), and the "three Amorite brothwife. Her beauty had already caused

always been camps and villages of ers"whom he would have as guests a sensation at the customs house, acCanaanites sojourning in the land. (G.A. XXI, 1922; Gen. 14:13). The cording to a famous legend. 2 If nothAbraham settled in Zoan, the local names of these last three were Mamre, ing else, her blondness would have

capital, a city of Asiatic immigrants 'irmn, and Eshkol. Mamre and Eshkol attracted attention among the dark

that was even newer, by seven years, are wellknown placenames, and if Egyptians: the Midrash reports, in fact,

it is against for city. that tent her 'irmn a warned had a placename we look Abrahamthan Hebron—practically

too, five thing: to for in ritualepic tale the family lived for Ugaritic the this very years aboutThere are now "We

before they attracted the dangerous inof Aqhat, it is "the man of Hrnmy"enter a country whose inhabitants are terest of Pharaoh. who hosts "the Lords of Hkpt"who darkcomplexioned—say that you are

The story of how Sarah ended up in come from afar.'- If this seems to put my sister wherever we go!""This

the royal palace is now available in Abraham's party in a ritual setting, admonition was given as the family the recently discovered Genesis Apocryits historicity is vindicated by the name passed from Abraham's homeland in phon, and the account is a thoroughly of the leader of the palace delegation, northern Mesopotamia (Aram Naplausible one. Pharaoh's regular title who is called HRQNWSh. B. Z. haraim and Aram Nahor) into Canaan

in this document, "PharaohZoan, Whacholder explains this as "an early—clearly indicating that the people

King of Egypt,"shows him to be one transliteration of archones,"designatof Abraham's own country were of those many Asiatics who ruled in ing its bearer as "the archon, the head lightcomplexioned.

the Delta from time to time while of the household,"and obviously inIn reporting to Pharaoh, his three claiming, and sometimes holding, the dicating Hellenistic influence. But agents, while singing the praises of

legitimate crown of all Egypt. The Archones is neither a name nor a title, Sarah's beauty in the set terms of the

short journey from Canaan into his and the "early transliteration"leaves most sensuous Oriental lovepoetry

Egyptian domain is described in sigmuch to be desired. On the other (G.A. XX, 2-8), make a special point

Era, April 1970 79 of mentioning that "with all her taken from me by force..."(XII, 14; he was therefore, as the brother of the

beauty there is much wisdom in her"XX, 11); without further ado the king favorite wife, "entreated... well for

(XX, 7), lauding her "goodness, wis- "tdok her to him to wife and sought her sake."(Gen. 12:16.)

dom, and truth"even above her other to slay me"(XX, 9). Josephus says Sarah on the Lioncouch: Abraham

qualities {XIX, 25). They went all that this Pharaoh deserved the punishwas saved and Pharaoh was pleased

out in their description not only bement he got "because of his highand everything was all right except for cause the subject was worthy of their handed manner towards the wife of a poor Sarah. It was now her turn to

best efforts, but because they hoped stranger"(Ant. I, 8, 1). But as wc face the test of the lioncouch! As we

to put themselves in good with the all know, Abraham was saved when have seen, not only the royal altar but king by both whetting and satisfying Pharaoh was assured by Sarah herself also the royal bed was a lioncouch.

his desire. ""'The royal reaction was that he was her brother and would And this was to be more than a test of

immediate. Asiatic Pharaohs were thus not stand in the way of their Sarah's virtue, for should she refuse,

polygamous and aggressive: "Sarah was marriage; instead of being liquidated. the king would be mortally offended

with predictable results for the lady.

His unhesitating move to put Abraham out of the way had made it clear enough that His Majesty was playing all, for keeps. of three princesses After

'The Spoken Temple Word"from to royal line already been put had Square, over presented KSL the The and the Columbia Broadcasting death on the lionaltar for refusing to

System January 18, 1970. 1970, compromise their virtue (Abr. 1:11), SpokenWord and there was no indication that Sarah

would be an exception.

''When your heart tells you things herTheplightstoryfollowsof Sarah'sthe samedeliveryorderfromas your mind does not know"Firstthe storiesof all, beingof Abrahambrought toandthe Isaac.royal

By Richard L. Evans bed "by force,"she weeps and calls

upon the Lord to save her, at which ". is this friend: cited also enphrase, your a thoughtful "prayed by and time Abraham.. when

tears and begged... as my tells AllThereheart things of us have treated know."'your does not you mind

impressions, promptings, a sense of warning sometimes; an inforfell."himself,(XX, so12.)theAsPatriarchhe had "prayedprayed

tuition, an awareness, the source of which we do not always know; the Lord to save her from the hands

and we often have to trust our hearts, along with the facts we face. of Pharaoh."io5

Life isn't merely a mechanical calculator or a slide rule situation. There And though experience may have

rendered him perfectly confident in is the spirit; the feelings; conscience, convictions; things we know are the results, it was the less experithere; things we know are real; things we can't put in a test tube. Love enced Sarah who was being tested.**

is one of them. Faith is another; a sense of right and wrong; sometimes The prayer for deliverance closely

a sense of urgency; sometimes a sense of assurance. There is so much "Blessedmatches thatart thou,on theMostfirst Highlioncouch:God,

that can't be physically touched, so much that can't be mechanically Lord of all the worlds, because Thou calculated. Parents often have impressions pertaining to their children. art Lord and Master of all and ruler of

all kings the of the earth, and of whom better that things children parents to often tease had let them do And judgest. thou I cry Behold before now

can't I not be can't there? do this? I go done: "Why Why Why?"Why? against Thee, Lord, PharaohZoan, my

—questions that parents often cannot answer with full satisfaction, King of Egypt, because my wife has

except that they feel it, they know it, with an inner sense of cerbeen taken from me by force. Judge

tainty. As we live for it, wisdom comes from many sources, both withhimmightyfor handme anddescendlet meuponbeholdhim.. Thy.."

in and outside ourselves. And children often have to trust parents, (XX, 1215.) Even so Abraham had

and know that their hearts tell them things their minds do not know. prayed for deliverance from the altar

Parents are not perfect, not infallible, but overall, the inspiration, the thisof "Nimrod":wicked man"O God,is doingThouto seestme.what.."

guidance that comes with prayerful pleading, brings warnings, promptwith the whole emphasis on the king's ings, impressions from beyond our sight and sound, which no one blasphemous claims to possess the ultimate in the world: power in both should stubbornly ignore. Beyond books, beyond all that we can weigh

is cases helpless against Abraham and measure, beyond all the tangibles that we can touch, there are authority and might of Pharaoh, butthe influences and forces within and outside ourselves that we well would still he will recognize only one king, pay attention to. As Shakespeare said it: "There are more things in and he calls for a showdown: "... that

heaven and earth, Horatio, than are dreamt of in your philosophy."nightsorrowI...prayedlet thyandmightybeggedhandand descendsaid in

And so, beloved young people, be patient with parents when they upon him.... and men shall know, my

counsel, when they are concerned—when the heart tells them things Lord, that Thou art the Lord of all the

the mind does not know. kings of the earth!"(XX, 14f.) This is

exactly the point of Abraham's prayer 'Harold B. Lee. in the Maase Abraham and Abraham

Shakespeare, Hamlet, Act i. 1:17, where God says, "I have come

down... to destroy him who hath house simultaneously with his own aflifted up his hand against thee, Abrafliction is insisted on by all sources

ham, my son...."and recalls the "great mourning in

So while "all that night Sarah lay Chaldea, and also at the court of upon her face calling upon God, AbraPharaoh"in Abraham 1:20. And just

ham "without the prison"also as the king in the Abraham story, prayed** "that he may not this night when he is faced with the undeniable defile my wife."(G.A. XX, 1114.) It evidence of a power greater than his

was, as one might by now expect, just own, admits the superiority of Abraat the moment that Pharaoh assayed ham's God and even offers to worship to seize Sarah that an angel came to him, so he tells the woman Hagar the rescue, whip in hand: "As Pharaoh when Sarah is saved, "It is better to

was about to possess Sarah, she turned be a maid in Sarah's house than to be to the angel who stood at her side Queen in my house!"The show-

(visible only to her) and immediately down between the two religions is

Pharaoh fell to the ground; all his staged in both stories by the king himhouse was then smitten with plague, self when he pits his own priests and

with leprosy on the walls, the pillars, diviners against the wisdom of the and furniture...."*'"Whenever stranger and his God, the test being

Pharaoh would make a move toward which of the two is able to cure himSarah, the invisible angel would strike and his house. An early writer quoted Remember

says, down. Eusebiushim such rough by to "Abraham To justify went

of thetreatment poor unsuspecting lived Egypt with all his household and DAVID 0. MCKAY

explains that his there, the he toPharaoh, wife married being Midrash hus- a loving, devoted the REMEMBER ". all: at unsuspecting of an king notwas however, Egypt could who, not experfect The band and father.

it to defend.. her.angel stood by with a approach whip And when came

her, because she told Pharaoh that about that his people and his house ample of manhood to young and old she was a married woman, and he still were being destroyed he called for the alike.

would not leave her alone."(Gen. Rab. diviners (manteis), who told him that

41:2.) According to all other accounts, Sarah was not a widow, and so he knew REMEMBER a missionary of world

however, that is exactly what she did that she was Abraham's wife and gave scope, who reminded all of us to firstnot tell her husband's part her him, back to him."having The of share the gospel with our neighbors.

in thesafety comical is supported mind. the statement by Gen. The almost

1718, of in king the the Apocr.humiliation mighty which XX, says that REMEMBER the temple builder

exact of his years is an in Pharaoh's Sarah lived triumph twovery moment counterpart of the crushing overthrow house, during which time he was unwho brought the Lord's house withof "Nimrod"at the instant of his suable to approach her. During that in the reach of all Saints.

preme triumph over Abraham. "His time she was in no danger of his

illicit lust was checked,"says Josephus, wrath, however, since as far as Pharaoh This sculptured likeness in your "by disease and stasis—revolution"was concerned it was not her reluchome or office will bring back these

his kingly that I), suggesting tance(Ant. I, 8, but only his illness that kept memories for years to come. Just

apart. alongauthority overthrown was with them

his royal dignity and prowess. Though Pharaoh's doctors and soothover nine by eleven inches, it is finWhat saved Sarah, according to the sayers gave him useful advice, as they ished in rich antique bronze and

Genesis Apocryphon (XX, 16),- was the do "Nimrod"in his dealings with ready for hanging.

sending by El Elyon, the Most High Abraham, it is the healing that is the

God, of a ruach mkdsh or ruach bisha, real test: "And he sent and called of The original was created about two

of and all the all the wise Egyptwhich render Avigad Yadin "a and men years ago by Jay C. Colver of Walall physicians of thepestilential wizards that and wind"and "a wind

was evil,"respectively. Other scholars, Egypt, if perchance they might heal nut Creek, California. Last Decemhowever, prefer "spirit"to "wind,""him from that pestilence, him and his ber we persuaded him that the Saints

and while mkdsh is not found in the house. And all the physicians and would like to have copies for their

dictionary, miqdash, which sounds wizards and wise men could not heal exactly the same, is a very common him, for the wind [spirit, angel] smote own homes. We were just preparing

word indicating the dwelling place of them all and they fled."(G.A. XX,- it for casting when President McKay

God, so that ruach makdash suggests 1820.) Just so the host of wise men passed away. At this point we hesito the ear "the angel of the presence,"summoned by Nimrod to advise him

such as came to rescue both Abraham on how to get rid of Abraham were tated, but were convinced by those and Isaac on the altar. Ruach b-isha in forced to flee ignominiously in all who saw it, that the members, now

turn suggests to the ear "the spirit in directions by the miraculous fire which more than ever, would want this the fire,"reminding us of a number of left Abraham unscathed. All the wisaccounts of a mysterious being who dom and divinity of Egypt having beautiful plaque to remember him

stood with Abraham in the flames failed, Pharaoh's agent HRQNWSh and the principles he exemplified.

when he rescued him from the altar. went straight to Abraham "and beThe confusion of the rescuing angel sought me to come and to pray for thewith the wind is readily explained if king and to lay my hands upon him Send now!

our Aramaic text was written from that he might live."(XX, 20f.) To this Just $9.95 each ppd

requestdictation, ancient documents magnanimously Abraham as many comResidents of California add 5% "... I laid plied:were. his upon my hand sales tax.

of all of Pharaoh's the plague departed and head The smiting from

KENWIN PRODUCTS DEPT. E-l

120 Parkmead Ct., Walnut Creek, Ca.

Era, April 1970 81 94595 him and the evil [windspirit] was was administered by Her, the Son of Amenophis III took to wife the beautigone and he lived."(XX, 29.) When the Lady of Ethiopia. At Pharaoh's ful Nefertiti, a princess of one of the

the healing power of Abraham's God, court, however, was another Hor, the tribes bordering on Abraham's homein contrast to the weakness of his own, son of the librarian Paneshe. He land, she brought with her to Egypt

became apparent, Pharaoh forthwith turned the tables and forced the Viceroy the image of her patron goddess Ishtar recognized Abraham by the bestowal of Ethiopia to receive the 500 blows of Nineveh to heal the old king of an * In ailment that had baffled the best of royal honors—even as "Nimrod"each night instead of Pharaoh.

had done when Abraham stepped bedesperation the false Hor, "the son of Egyptian doctors. When the king's

fore him unscathed. - the Sow"(the pig being the Seth health actually improved (albeit for a

That these stories are more than beanimal), undertook a mission to Egypt, very. short time), the report of the

lated inventions of the rabbinic being warned by his mother beforemiraculous healing powers of the imagination is apparent from the hand that he would never be able to foreign lady's goddess quickly spread significant parallels with which Egypmatch the magic of the Egyptians, throughout Egypt, opening the way for tian literature fairly swarms. A though she promised to come personally the successful propagation of her reveritable library of familiar motifs is to his aid if it was necessary to save ligion throughout the whole land.-'-

contained in the late Ptolemaic Tales his life. So the two Horuses conHere we have a wellattested historical

of Khamuas. They begin with fronted each other in a duel of magic account of a Pharaoh who married a

"Ahure's Story,"telling how an aging at the court of Pharaoh, opening with fabulously beautiful princess from the

Pharaoh, in order to assure the royal the cry of the Egyptian Hor: "Ho thou north who thought of herself as a

succession, forces the princess Ahure to impious Ethiopian, art thou not Hor missionary, and to whose religion the renounce marriage with her beloved... whom I saved... when ye were king was converted by a miraculous

brother Neneferkaptah and wed the drowning in the water, being cast down healing, showing us at the very least son of a general, contrary to "the law from upon the hill east of On?"the sort of thing that could have hapof Egypt"but consistent with the recalling an earlier ritual contest at a pened in Sarah's time. The healing of

practice of the Asiatic Pharaohs. The "Potiphar's Hill"in Heliopolis."The Pharaoh by the laying on of hands

damsel goes weeping to her wedding contest begins when Pharaoh in great described in the Genesis Apocryphon (III, 3), but at the last moment the distress calls upon the good Horus to is a thing which appears absolutely noold king changes his mind, the princess save him (63)—a reminder that Horus where else in any of the known recmarries her true love, and the couple is always a hawk and that the rivalry ords dealing with Abraham and should

is showered with royal gifts and honors of the two hawks goes back to very be studied with great care. Without

(III, 5-6). They have a child, but early dramatic texts. (Coffin Text, the evidence of the New Testament, we

Neneferkaptah in his zeal for knowlSpell 312.) Finally the Lady of should never suspect that there was any

edge steals a heavenly book from Thoth Ethiopia has to come and rescue her ancient and established tradition beand, as a result, first the child, then son, who in return for his life swears hind it: "The healing of the sick by

the mother, and finally the father pay an oath to Pharaoh that he will not expelling with the laying on of hand for the guilt of Neneferkaptah by fallreturn to Egypt for 1500 years. - Such the evil spirits,"writes Vermes, "... is

ing into the Nile, all duly ending up was the contest of the sealed letter, and unknown in the Old Testament, but a "in the necropolishill of Coptos."* having read it SiOsiris announced that familiar rite in the Gospels.... the

Years later the scribe SetneKhamuas the 1500 years was now up and that nearest Old Testament parallel is 2 comes to the tomb of the lady Ahure he himself was the good Horus, son of Kings VI, 11."123

to get the book for himself, but NenePa-neshes, while the ambassador who That we are dealing here with ferkaptah, rising from his couch, says brought the letter was none other than ritually conditioned events rather than he shall not have it unless he wins it the evil Ethiopian Horus returning unique historical occurrences is apin a game of "Fiftytwo."Setne for vengeance: "I prayed before Osiris parent from the complete repetition of

wins the book but is undone by anin Amenti (the underworld) to let me Sarah's Egyptian experience with another Lady of the Undenvorld and can come forth to the world again, to preother king many years later. Abimelech,

only save himself by finally returning vent his taking the humiliation of the king of Gerar, a small state lying the book to Neneferkaptah. 'This Egypt to the land of Nehes (Ethibetween Canaan and Egypt, also took

Setne has a young son, SiOsiris, whom opia)"; his mission accomplished, he Sarah to wife and would have put

he told of his marvelous visit to the returns to the other world. - Abraham to death had she not again

other world—an adventure astonishIn these episodes one can hardly announced that he was her brother.-*

ingly like that of Abraham in the fail to recognize the legends of AbraAgain Sarah prayed and again an angel

Apocalypse of Abraham. When an ham in Egypt: the true lovers separated appeared, this time with a sword, to

Ethiopian ambassador arrived in Memby Pharaoh only to be reunited; save her.i- At the same time, accordphis and challenged Pharaoh to read a father, mother, and son as sacrificial ing to one tradition, "the voice of a

letter he brought with him, without victims; the king paying for the blight great crying was heard in the whole

opening the seal, all the wise men of on the land until a foreign substitute land of the Philistines, for they saw

Pharaoh were abashed and Setne imcan be found; the humiliation of the figure of a man walking about,

mediately went to fetch his 12year- Pharaoh, whipped all night by an with a sword in his hand, slaying all old son SiOsiris to the palace, even as unseen hand; the rival kings and the that came in his way...."- This

the wonderchild Abraham was taken final overthrow of the impostor; the was "on the fatal night of the Paschal

by his father to the palace of "Nimtwo Horuses; the superboy putting feast,"i.e., at the time of the drama

rod."The boy read the letter with the king's diviners to shame, etc. Most of the Suffering Servant, and the king

ease: It told of a time long ago when significant, perhaps, is that these are became so ill that the doctors despaired

three lords of Ethiopia by magic consciously recurring motifs, with the of his life.i-''Just as Pharaoh had

brought three years of blight on the same characters turning up in a sucdone, the king summoned all his wise land of Egypt, for which Pharaoh was cession of episodes centuries apart. counselors and again they were helppunished nightly by being beaten with And the fictitious situations are not less and abashed (Gen. 20:8); again

500 lashes. The king's wise men were without historical parallels. Thus Abraham's wife was restored to him

at a loss to help him, and the beating when the luxurious and muchmarried (14), and again "Abraham prayed

.

f(Jpd//m Q/mf/lf///m

FROM

unto God: and God healed Abimecontests with Abraham over "a well of IDAHO

lech."(Gen. 20:17.) water, which Abimelech's servants had

What is behind all this is indicated violently taken away"(Gen. 21:25),

in the nature of the illness that afeven as Sarah had been violently taken flicted the houses of both Abimelech away; and just as Abimelech surand Pharaoh. As to the first, "the Lord rendered and pleaded his innocence in

had fast closed up all the wombs of the case of Sarah (20:9), so he pleads

the house of Abimelech, because of ignorance also in the case of the well

Sarah Abraham's wife."(Gen. 20:18.) and even chides Abraham again for

The legends elaborate on this: "... not enlightening him: "I wot not who

in men and beast alike all the apertures hath done this thing: neither didst

of the body closed up, and the land thou tell me, neither yet heard I ofwas seized with indescribable exciteit, but to day."(Gen. 21:26.) To comiiKCustom printed

ment."In short, every creature was plete the scene, Abraham concludes the Prices

sterile episoderendered by planting adminone of his groves until Abraham are LOW "allistered to of the Philistines. in the land Abimelech, whereupon (Gen.

his house were healed, and the women 21:33.) If Sarah is the bounteous and in Idatio

could bear children with no pain, and childgiving mother, Abraham no less they could have male children"; at the presides over the lifegiving waters. Scores of styles, thermographed or Durasame moment, Sarah, barren until then, That this is the ritual setting of the graved, all the accessories. Bu-y direct

became fruitful, "the blind, deaf, lame, Abimelech episode is confirmed by and save from West's leading manufacturetc., were healed, and the sun shone documents probably as old as Abraham er of mailorder wedding invitations. Rush

out 48 times brighter than usual, even that describe the goingson among the orders shipped same day received!

as on the first day of creation."'--'To Canaanites on the coast to the north

celebrate the birth of Isaac, all the of Gerar. These are the famous

kings of the earth were invited to Ugaritic texts from Ras Shamra, and

Abraham's house, and during the festhe bestknown of them is the story catalog, Send for FREE samples (25c latest criticaltivities Krt. to all the of milk gave of the Sarah study The

desired) Rexburg, REXCRAFT, Idahoif airmail83440

Krt that babies maintains had a mothersGentile it is both whose drama none, and "all the proselytes and pious ritual and a historical document, "the Nameheathen are the descendants of these subject of the first tablet"being "the Address for ofinfants."the after Pharaoh, the royal As comrehabilitation house

City, Sfate, Zipis tradition of that the plague disaster, with the which Krt,"while wooingmon smote his house, whether leprosy or the second tablet describes the royal some other disease, rendered all the wedding and in the third we have "the people impotent and sterile. illness and threatened eclipse of Krt

That this was the nature of the (the ritual king), when his eldest son complaint is implied in the tradition Ysb seeks to supplant him."The

that Abraham's powers of healing the drama has a definite moral and social sick by prayer were especially devoted object, according to Gray, "such as the to the healing of barren women. securing of a legitimate queen and the

(Midr. Rab. 39:11.) By emerging vicestablishment of a royal line."* In

torious from the contests with Pharaoh the Krt story the powers of the old and Abimelech, both Sarah and Abraking are failing, and he is told by his ham by their mutual faithfulness youthful wouldbe successor: "In the

reversed the blows of death, so that sepulchral thou wilt abide.... Sickthey became new again and had ness is as thy bedfellow. Disease as thy

children in their old age.- As the concubine...."- Just so Abimelech is

Zohar puts it, Abraham received a new told that if he takes Sarah to wife, grade of knowledge and henceforth "thou art a dead man!"(Gen. 20:3-4.)

"begat children on a higher plane."'''After three months of sickness (AbraHere Sarah appears as the central ham spent three months in the palace

figure in that ritual complex that marks of Pharaoh, according to R. Eliezer),

the New Year all over the ancient "Krt is passing away, yea... in the

world, and has been noticed in these sepulchral chamber, like a treasure studies in its form of the Egyptian Sedwith a gate"—it is so much like the

festival. The theme of Sarah's royal lioncouch scene in the Sedfestival

marriages is not lust but the desire of that we are not surprised to learn that

Pharaoh and Abimelech to establish a Krt is first frantically mourned and kingly line. Sarah was at least 61 when then revived by two ladies. ** The cure

she left the house of Pharaoh and 89 is effected by the lady Qudshu, whom when she visited Abimelech. Pharaoh's we have already learned to know as the

only interest in Sarah, Josephus insists, common hierodule of Egypt and was to establish a royal line; or, as B. Canaan.'-''* First she arrives weeping

Beer puts it, "his object was rather to at the house of Krt, "shrieking she become related to Abraham by marenters the inmost chambers"; but then

riage,"i.e., he wanted Abraham's glory, she starts to revive the king, who is not

and that was the only way he could get completely dead yet,* and finally it.''Abimelech's interest is completely "she returns, she washes him. She has

dominated by the fertility motif, for he given him a new appetite for meat,

Era, April 1970 83

a desire for food."''* The king rises is a difference, of course: by "despisthe one king sits on a real throne but

from his bier, victorious: "As for Death, ing"and taunting her afflicted mistress suffers a makebelieve burial; the other

he is confounded; as for Sh'tqt, she and then by deserting her, Hagar had sits on a makebelieve throne but

has prevailed!"So of course there is a not been true and faithful, and the suffers a real burial. As we saw in

great feast as the king "returns to sitting angel sternly ordered her back to the the Sedfestival, the main purpose of upon his throne, even on the dais, the path of duty, while the promises given all this shuffling is to spare the real seat of government.""It is the lionto her offspring are heavy with qualifiking the discomfort of a premature

couch drama all over again, but the cations and limitations. The issue is demise: the true king is always vindiAbimelech elements are prominent too, as ever one of authority, for as Josephus cated in the end. If Abraham was

as when the king's wise men and counputs it, Hagar sought precedence over rudely thrust aside by his royal rivals selors all are summoned and asked, Sarah, and the angel told her to rein Egypt and Palestine, and if Sarah "Who among the gods will abolish the turn to her "rulers"(despotas) or else was made the unwilling victim of their disease, driving out all the sickness?"she would perish, but if she obeyed kingly arrogance, it was only to show

Seven times the challenge is put, but she would bear a son who would rule who the real king was they, as it "there is none among the gods who in that desert land.* She too founded turned out, were for all their pride and

answers him"—the doctors are abashed; a royal line. power the pretenders, claiming the dithey must yield to the true god. El the In maintaining that "Abraham's vine honors that really belonged to

Pharaoh and Abimelech, historical both of can course, have no it rains 6) foundahe does.*-'Of whom Merciful,it"—and who says, "I myself will do marriage with Keturah (Gen. 25:1- Abraham. Abraham is the rival of

are ready tion, in to put ""'scholars order at him to death and everything grows have overlooked the the last (Mot, name of the adversary, means both ritual foundation of the story, clearly to raise up a royal line by Sarah.*

death and drought); Krt on his bier is indicated by the name of Keturah, That he is the real king, restored to his

even called "Sprouts"—a vivid rewhich enjoys a prominent place in the rightful queen in J;he end, is made perminder of the Egyptian "Osiris Adonis ritual cycles of Phoenicia and fectly clear in the almost comical

beds.""3 Syria.*'As Gray points out in his complaints of the two kings that they,

The Ugaritic Krt Text gives strong study of Krt, these ritual events could who had contemptuously thrust the indication that the adventures of Sarah very well become history as well when helpless Abraham aside, were actually with Egyptian and Palestinian kings the sacrifices and marriages were rethe victims of his power: "And Pharaoh

follow the common ritual pattern of peated "at the accession of each new called Abram, and said, What is that

Palestine and Egypt; indeed, the point king"and "at royal weddings."* The that thou hast done unto me?"(Gen.

of both stories is that Sarah and Abraritual content of the thing, far from 12:18; italics added), while Abimelech

ham resist and overcome powerful and discrediting it as history, is the best echoes his words: "Then Abimelech

insidious attempts to involve them in possible evidence for some sort of hiscalled Abraham, and said unto him.

the very practices of the idolatrous natorical reality behind it. The ritual What hast thou done unto us?...

tions which Abraham had been detriangle is repeated when Bethuel the thou hast done deeds unto me that nouncing since his youth. It would King of Haran tries to take the beautiought not to be done."(Gen. 20:9.)

be impossible to avoid coming face to ful Rebecca (who, we are told, was the The roles of victim and victor are alface with such practices in any comexact image of Sarah) away from most ludicrously reversed. And just

prehensive account of either Abraham Isaac's agent, Eliezer (who, we are as PharaohNirnrod complained that or Sarah, and one of the best and most told, was the exact image of Abraham) Abraham had escaped the altar by a vivid descriptions of the rites is conthe wicked king was slain by his own trick, so does PharaohZoan complain

Sarah his in the tained has escaped the dethat noble and a Book couple couch of Abraham. by We treachery

ruse: gifts. tell are dealing royal here parted laden with not with didst thou a worldwide "... why me

ritual complex of whose existence no The Humiliation of the King: In this that she was thy wife?... now thereone dreamed in 1912 and which is still last story the real hero is Eliezer, while fore behold thy wife, take her, and go

largely ignored by Egyptologists.** It the bridegroomto-be, Isaac, lurks igthy way."(Gen. 12:1819.)

is not only the idea of romantic love nobly in the background. Abraham The Sarah story starts out with

that is one of the special marks of the likewise in the affairs with Pharaoh Abraham and Sarah alike at the mercy

Patriarchal narratives, as Gordon and Abimelech not only takes a back of the triumphant and irresistible king, points out; even more conspicuous is seat but appears in a rather uncompliand it ends up with the king humiliated

the repeated recurrence of a ritual love mentary if not actually degrading posiby pain and impotence, humbly suing triangle in which a third party threattion. This is an indispensable element Abraham for succor and then acknowlens to break up a devoted couple. Such of the yeardrama everywhere: the edging that superior power and priestis the story of Hagar, who sought to temporary humiliation of the true king hood of his rival. There is no injustice

supplant Sarah in Abraham's household while a rival and substitute displaces here: Abraham does not invade their

and was turned out into the desert to him on the throne and in the queen's kingdoms or seek their thrones, but the perish of thirst—always the water favor. We have seen both Abraham other way around—they coveted his

motif! Being in imminent danger of and Isaac in the roles of substitute kings rightful domain and were properly

death,misery"—whichHagar prays,happens"Looktouponbe mythe ormust"Sufferingmake roomServants,"for Sarahand nowon thewe rebuked.While the humiliation of the rightopening line of Abraham's prayer on stage, for the play cannot take place ful king before his return to the throne

the altar—whereupon an angel apwithout her. The "Suffering Servant"is a central episode of the great Yearpears and tells her, "... God has heard is the true king during the period of Rites throughout the Ancient East,

your prayer,"promising her a son. his ritual humiliation, representing the queen plays quite a different role:

(Gen. 16:6-11.) So here, to cut it his death; at that time his place is she is ageless and immortal, the Mother

short, we have Hagar praying for detaken by a pretender, an interrex, Earth itself, taking a new spouse at liverance from a heat death, visited by tanist. Lord of Misrule, etc., who turns each cycle of renewal and disposing

an angel, and promised the same blessout to be the real substitute when the of the old one.- This makes her the

ing in her hour of crisis as was given time for his death arrives. Both are dominant figure of the rites, which

to Sarah and Abraham in theirs. There substitutes but in different capacities: have a distinctly matriarchal back84

groundas is clearly indicated in the

Book of Abraham, where, moreover, the tension between the old matriarchal and rival patriarchal orders is vividly set forth: While Abraham is completely devoted to the authority of "the

fathers... even the right of the firstborn..."(Abr. 1:3), Pharaoh was put

on the throne by his mother (1:2325),

so that though he "would fain claim"patriarchal authority (1:27), "seeking

earnestly to imitate that order established by the fathers"(1:26), the

importance of the female line still outweighed that of the fathers, as it always did in Egypt. The conflict

between Pharaoh's wouldbe patriSpec/a/ Attention archal rule and the claims of the reflected is further in thematriarchy of for You at the princesses of threeputting to death royal blood who refused to play the comproand Pharaoh'sgame way UNIVERSITY 1:1112.) (Abr. virtue. theirmise

that royal claims the opposedAbraham OF IDAHO in secure supported,his ardently father possession of "the records of the fathers, even the patriarchs, concerning the right At the University of Idaho, with enrollment just above 6,000, records Priesthood,"of "God which in interest a keen person a but a number, merely are not whom.."you in hands.preserved mine own are beliefs is ideas your your individual. and hopes, Your as taken an in return 1:31.) Terah.(Abr. And

with students not only shared respected. can be They important and his as a victim sonvolunteered own

in the sacrificial rites. (Abr. 1:30.) from all parts of Idaho, but from 48 other states and 32 foreign

This should be enough to explain how countries.

Sarah and Abraham get involved in all You can choose from a great variety of career opportunities in these very pagan goingson. the University's eight colleges—Agriculture, Business and Economics,

Recently Cyrus Gordon has demonEducation, Engineering, ForestryWildlife-Range Sciences, Law, Letters close parallelism singularlystrated the Arts), (Liberal School. the Graduate and and Science Mines—and

stories of Sarah the and Helenbetween of get special attention at Church, you the LDS As a member of Troy, the main theme of both being your own institute of Religion, the first of its kind established by captive queen of thethe back winning original Institute Building at Church. the was constructed LDS The each In turn rightful husband: herby

its the erection necessitated in 1928. success Idaho of a new and

is look to rivalof husbands the made rather ridiculous as the lady leaves larger building in 1968. The Institute program pioneered at the Unifirst one and then the other. In versity by the LDS Church has since been adopted by other denominathe earliest Babylonian depictions of tions. The University encourages religious training, granting credit

the yearmotif we see the bridegroom for nonsectarian courses taught at the LDS Institute and other rehiding ingloriously in the mountain ligious centers. Also significant for you are the LDS social activities

rescue and bride must thefrom which a leader in counseling by close at hand. and the your faith—always

as Isis rescues and even him,*revive write University Information, For to Director of Information, revives her husband and brother Osiris University of Idaho, Moscow, Idaho 83843; for LDS information, to

versions. Egyptian Andin the so we LDS Institute of Religion, 902 Deakin, Moscow, Idaho 83843.

in unheroic an oddly Abrahamhave role, gratefully accepting the presents and favors that Pharaoh bestows upon him as the brother of Sarah, the king's wife!'favorite Welcome to TEMPLE SQUARE MOTOR HOTEL Brother and Sister: Still less heroic

is the supposed subterfuge by which Modern COFFEE SHOP and DINING ROOMS

Abraham got himself into that unTELEVISION & AIR CONDITIONING dignified position. The best biblical RATES:

inscholars as Smith's well Joseph day y up SINGLES 7.00 $ - Jfii Clas our nothing to confound have own

- 9.00 up DOUBLES % is in generally considereddone what SQUARE y

up $11.00 TWINS unedifying partan the on maneuver

of his skin to save at the Abraham i% expense of both Sarah Pharaoh. and SPECIAL ATTENTION to... iiiuijjm*rr n""i fcBn111HHBHi

appears to have labored"Abram - BREAKFASTS LUNCHEONS under GRANT MABEY, Manager of faith,"suspensiona temporary BUSINESS BANQUETS - MEETINGS thewrote most learned commentator FREE Drive-/a/Par/<in&

Smith'sof Joseph time, "and to have and WEDDING BREAKFASTS

TEMPLE SQUARE MOTOR HOTEL 75 West South Temple Salt Lake City, Utah

Era, April 1970 85 Western Union Reservations accepted collect

Stooped to the mean and foolish prePharaoh and Abimelech that Abraham varication of denying his wife... and really was her brother, Sarah put the

had not the Lord miraculously intertwo kings in the clear. From then on

posed... Abram must have sunk under they, at least, were acting in good faith.

his timidity, and forfeited his title to The Bible makes this very clear: the

the covenant.""How they all missed moment Pharaoh learns the truth, he

the point! Far from denoting a suspenlets Sarah go, saying to Abraham,

sion of faith, the turning over of his "... why didst thou not tell me that

\'ife to another required the greatest she was thy wife? Why saidst thou,

faith yet, and that is where the Book She is my sister? so I might have taken

of Abraham puts the whole story on a her to me to wife "(Gen. 12:1819.)

meaningful and edifying footing. For "I did what I did,"says Abimelech,

it was God who commanded Abra- "with perfect heart and pure hand,"ham: "... see that ye do on this wise: to which the Lord replies in a dream,

Let her say unto the Egyptians, she is "I knew that, and I forgave thee."

thy sister, and thy soul shall live."(See Gen. 20:5-6.) So it is made per-

(Ahr. 2:2324.) As to the "lie"about fectly explicit that it is not the kings

the family relationship of Abraham who are being tested—God honors and

and Sarah, a number of factors must rewards them both for their behavior,

To visit us when you're beexplains,considered.Sarah Technically,was indeed Abraham'sthe Bible whichthe customsis strictlyof thecorrecttimes. according to

in Salt Lake City. Shop 20:12.)halfsisterToonthishis physicalfather's relationship,side. (Gen. areIt beingmust betestedAbrahamthen. andButSarahAbrahamwho

the Zohar adds a spiritual, reporting too is out of it, for, as we have seen, our alwaysnew collecthat "Abraham always called her 'sister'the Lord commands him to ask Sarah because he was attached to her into say he is her brother, and he obeys.

tions of family fashions separably.... For the marital bond But no one commands Sarah—the

can be dissolved, but not that between whole thing is left up to her as a and furnishings for your brother and sister"—so by an eternal matter of free choice. It is she and

marriage that the world did not undershe alone who is being tested on the home. Convenient paystand they were brother and sister.''lioncouch this time. It is incorrect to

More to the point, in Syria, Canaan, say with Graves that "Abraham gave the at to Pharaoh,"* Sarah the time comit was for he was in and Egypt ment terms arranged.

refer to wife position one's to as no completely custom to do so: he was mon

power—he Delivery in our wide one'sflects "sister,"both theandSemitic"Abraham'sand thelifeHurre- intakenPharaoh'sSarah by force—andhad Pharaohalready

rian cultural and legal patterns,"so was listening only to Sarah! The Rabbis

delivery area. that "Sarah was... a 'sisterwife,'an who knew the ancient law say that

official Hurrian term signifying the only unmarried women were taken into highest social rating."On the other the harem of Pharaoh, and that these

hand, everyone knows that it was the could not be approached by the king custom for Pharaohs of Egypt to marry without their own consent. It might

their sisters, and in the Egyptian love mean death to her if she refused, but songs the nonroyal lovers regularly still to refuse was within her power, address each other as "my sister"and while Abraham was helpless to save "my brother."The same custom apher and Pharaoh was acting in good

State and Broadway, pears in Canaan and even in the faith—throughout the story every cruSalt Lake City, Utah 84110 Genesis Apocryphon, the opening fragcial decision rests with Sarah and

2457 Washington Blvd., ments of which show us the mother Sarah alone. of Noah berating her husband Lamech Why do we say that no one comOgden, Utah 84401 for suspecting her virtue, but addressmands Sarah? God commanded Abraing him throughout the scene as "my ham to propose a course of action to

Brother and my Lord."Indeed, in Sarah, but Abraham did not command

Abraham's day "both in Egypt and Sarah-—he asked her humbly for a

Canaan,"according to Albright, "the personal favor: "Therefore say unto

IN USE FOR OVER 75 YEARS notion of incest scarcely existed. In them, 7 pray thee, thou art my sister,

Aids in treatment of simple sore fact, Phoenicia and Egypt shared a that it may be well with me for thy throat and other minor mouth and general'wife'simultaneously."tendency to use 'sister'and sake,thee."and(Abr.my 2:25;soul shallGen. live12:13.becauseItalicsof

throat irritations. But whatever the reservation mentale added.) He explained the situation to behind the statement that Abraham her—"I, Abraham, told Sarai, my wife,

HALL'S REMEDY andthe pointSarahof werethe storybrotheris thatand itsister,was butall thatthe decisionthe Lordwashadentirelysaid untoup tome"her.

Salt Lake City, Utah meant to convey to the kings that the According to the Midrash, on this octwo were not married—the sophistry casion "Abraham made himself of

of the thing would only render it more secondary importance... he really

to Sarah."subordinate real (Midr. the not unsavory did became have we GENEALOGISTS for 40:4.) in Everything the of Pearl Rab. Great was done Free price list of over 300 items. Xerox explanation

copying 5c each. Genealogy pictures copied Price. her sake: "... the Lord plagued

30c (each additional copy 5c; see page 5 Sarah on Her Own: By telling Pharaoh and his house with great

of catalog). Mall orders welcomed.

STEVENSON'S GENEALOGICAL CENTER 230 West 1230 North, Provo, Utah 84601 86 plagues because of [Sarah]"(Gen.

12:17; Gen. Apoc. XX, 24f); Abraham

was given both life and property "for

Sarah's sake,"and the king "entreated

Abraham well for her sake"(Gen.

12:16). Sarah was legally and lawfully married to both kings and was

thus the legitimate recipient of their bounty. Pharaoh, according to Rabbi

Eliezer, "wrote for Sarah a marriage deed, giving her all his wealth including the land of Goshen...."He "took her to him to wife and sought INTERLAKEN ESTATES

to slay me,"says Abraham in the

Genesis Apocryphon (XX, 9), "... and In Utah's Beautiful Heber Valley

I, saved because Abraham, was of her building lots available that will make a dream come true for your second home and not slain"(10). this Vermes From

concludes that "Abraham is indebted to Sarah for his life but not for his 40 minutes from Salt Lake prosperity,"riches having received in 30 minutes from Provoreturn for healing Pharaoh. But

the verses he bases on which this view A great new 18hole golf course within walking easily interpreted as be moremay meaning that it was to Sarah rather distance than Abraham that the Pharaoh gave An attractive investment opportunity in an excitthe treasures, the badly damaged lines ing growth areareading:

31.. the King And gave a Complete him utilities—electricity—water—sewagelarge gift the and (?) much...... disposal

much raiment of fine linen and purple [several words missing] Year round activities in crisp mountain air 32. before her, and also Hagar [several words obscured]... and appointed Telephone collect 3640447 (Mon. thru Fri. 8-5)

formen me who would escort out Saturday and Sunday and after 5 p.m. in Salt Lake 485-*8990[several missing]. words

Now the Jewish traditions are quite in Provo 2252993 explicit that it was to Sarah that

Pharaoh gave the royal raiment and the maid Hagar. Since Abraham is Interlaken Estates

writing in the first person, it is not 223 South 7th East absolutely certain who the "him"is Salt Lake City, Utah in line the in but the 31, "her"next golfing, of Sir! attraction Valley swimming, the Heber Mountains Those and

isline is certainly Sarah, there and like riding, skiing fishing, no Yesboating, part and snowmobiling sound horseback of my giftsindication that the and Hagar living. for for information. relaxed Please the future send more complete dream me for her.were not clearly Bible The

states that Abraham came into possession of Hagar only later when Sarah Name, "gave her to her husband Abram to be his wife"(Gen. 16:3), i.e., Sarah Address

gave more than permission to marry she actually handed over her property City... State Zip Code

to him, for Hagar was her personal maid (Gen. 16:1). And when Hagar

behaved badly, Abraham, to keep peace, gave her back to Sarah again:

"Behold, thy maid is in thine hand;

do to her as it pleaseth thee."(Gen.

16:6.) When Sarah sent Isaac forthto school (as she thought) or to the Enjoy Group BOWLING!

rites on Mt. Moriah, "she dressed him

in the royal garments and crown that CHURCH GROUPS FAMILY GROUPS

Abimelech had given her."*''* EveryELDERS QUORUMS YOUNG MARRIEDS M.I.A.

thing indicates that she was a princess in her own right—the gifts of her royal CALL NOW FOR RESERVATIONS

didhusbands bestow not so much as RANCHO42-LANESsalt lake 635833 royalty,recognize her they for which eagerly sought her hand in the first FAIRMONT BOWLsugarhouse -4676562 place, hoping to raise up kingly lines OR JOHN KEYSOR'S her. Beforeby changed was her name

to it JUNCTION LANES - midvale - 2556841 "Princess Sarah, of all people,"

JACK & JILL LANES AMERICAN FORK -7564651

Era, April 1970 87 imiimmm\\imm w modem msmmels brmlmg ] had already been Sarai, "Princess of her '/1 1 as mngelt7f,t-on, instantoff own people,"according to the Midrash;

gives you, imautmaticdly safe oveii sheand wasbeforewellknownshe ever marriedby the Abrahamname of

Jiska, "the Seeress,"either because she had the gift of prophecy or because of dfcjmnm.Qm her shining beauty, or both.'''

The Rabbis have resented the superior rating of Sarah with its matriarchal implications, and attempted to cover it up. Granted that everything

that Pharaoh gave to Abraham was for

Sarah's sake (Gen. Rab. 45:1), the

doctors must conclude that Pharaoh acted unwisely, and they hold up as a proper example the case of Abimelech, who, according to them, gave his gifts to Abraham rather than Sarah. Yet

these same authorities report that this same Abimelech "gave to Sarah a costly robe that covered her whole person...

a reproach to Abraham that he had not fitted Sarah out with the splendor due his wife"—it would seem that

Sarah has her royal claims after all.***

Actually the idea of rivalry between

Abraham and Sarah is as baseless as that between Abraham and Isaac when we understand the true situation, in which neither party can fulfill his or her proper function without the other.

Having been commanded of the Lord,

Abraham explained the situation to his wife and asked her whether she along. (Abr. willing to would be go

b'C'O'iSi (5:C3=0"'i5> Q.CC''iS <Z:P 2:25.) to According Genesis the

Apocryphon, he did not like the idea at all—it was a terrible sacrifice for AT TtNTlUN! him: "And I wept, I Abram, withI grievous weeping."(G.A. XX, 9-10.)

his so for he have wept Would own willso often life, which been he had S. S. Superintendents! DIP INTO

ing to risk? Why, then, did he ask

Sarah to risk her person to save him:

A Beautiful Gift for I ".art. my. saysisterunto. them,.. andI praymy thee,soul shallthou Spring live because of thee"? Plainly because

nothing else would move Sarah to take such a step. There was nothing

to in the world keep her from exchanglifeI Mother's Day | ing her for a hard with Abraham

G New, Distinctive, Appropriate life of unlimited ease and influence as as a Gift to your Mothers Pharaoh's favorite except her loyalty to her husband. By a special order

from heaven Abraham had stepped out 20 pages, full six colors on of the picture and Pharaoh had been cover, 2 colors inside placed in a legally and ethically flawit: less position, "I Sarah and knew I

all Sarai, told wife, that Abraham, my for Write immediately a COPY. FREE (2

is said to the Lord the me."had Why in cost; includes a Gift Special Card Low5) N

brilliant of of prospect being Queen for each Mother.f

as induceEgypt never mentioned an ment or even a lightening of Sarah's burden? Sarah apparently never thinks

FINE ARTS PRESS of that, for she was as upset as Abra3758 South 2300 East ham: "Sarai wept at my words that

Salt Lake City. Utah 84109 night."(G.A. XIX, 21.) Still, the

BENNETT'S propositioncommand, butwas onlyneveras puta personalto her asre-a quest from Abraham: "Please say youI originators and first publishers of Mothers Day 1322 Colorizer Colors

Books beginning in 1923 if At Deaters & Stores Everywhere '-.iS 88.

Plan to attend the FOR OLDFASHIONED SUMMER ACADEMY OF FINE ARTS HEALTHGIVING

Ricks College - Rexburg, Idaho GOODNESS

are my sister for the sake of my wellJune 15 - 27, 1970 CHERRY STONER

Art ministrayour that so throughbeing, cherry Automatic Sculpturing Painting, Drawing, saved, I shalltion and be owe my to stoner. Clamps life Theatre so with (see 12:13); andto you!"Gen. Techniques, table. Oral most any Drama, Acting

Abimelech: "This will be a special Interpretation, Play Production, No loss of juice. Fruit

favor which I am asking of you in and Creative Writing is automatically ejected.

my behalf...."(See Gen. 20:13.) The Thirteenth Annual Fine quality rust

Music Camp Summer materials. resisting is of the abiding law God; byAbraham Festival Quartet String Annual Second the for Order now is, question Sarah Willthe now whole First and Piano Annual season ahead! her husband? Teachers'the Workshop law Andabide of by Organ

paid. Post Only $8.95

if even that would, she Dance provedshe available. Other models Folk, Ballet, Dance Modern and life. It risk of was her at thenecessary 8-27 - June Optional 3 wks. (all ages)

as sacrifice and a Abraham'sas great

Isaac's, and of the same type. ART: Jolin ARTISTMorford - FACULTYRicks College; Cergie "CORONA"

The Cedar and the Palm, a RoBongart - San Francisco GRAIN MILL episodes famous Interlude: DAIMCE:mantic Some

use with f of Robert for Missouri; University Phil Keeler, of the crossing the withare associated corn, wheat, nuts,i'=JJg Rasmussen, Jann College; Ricks Oliphant,

as Abraham's such into Egypt,border etc. - - Easily adjusts Fails Idaho

for or coarse fine first the beauty Sarah's Utahbeholding Barth - Orem, Neal THEATRE:

1 grinding. CTSP New the forstream—"a as they wadetime MUSIC:

mill finer model with - University, Richner Rutgers Dr. Thomas all with which in comparisonbeauty grinding plates $10.95 - Univer- E. Ballou Young Brigham Richard.".. It apes. like East of postpaid. are beautiesother sity

Rockies $1.00 add - College Ricks Barrus that Dr. LaMar circumstances under likewas

- Finer grinding College postage. Ricks Robison Richard Dr* beis said to have firstKing Solomon 1 plates for old Falls C Miller - Idaho Helen

held the beauty of the Queen of Art Peterson - Utah Symphony mill $1.95 set postpaid.

Allen tax. - Utah sales residents Symphony Utah Richard add AV2% concealed Again, AbrahamSheba."

College - Ricks David Chugg to "Special"prices quantity church groups. trying tohis wife's beauty by - College Ricks Wolford smuggle Dr.Dr. Darwin

- Ricks in a trunk, border on Jack the Bowmanher across GROUND STONE College HOME SIZE - Rexburg Madsen Dean to willing pay any was hewhich MILLS FLOUR Falls Keith - Idaho Ronald amount of duty provided the officials Clyde Luke - Rexburg would not open it; of course, they could Andrew Barnum - Brigham Young University

not resist the temptation and were RESIDENTDr. LaMarSTRINGBarrus,QUARTETHelen Miller, Art

quite overpowered by this Pandora's Peterson Richard Allen reverse.'inbox APPLY NOW

activity fee - $35.00. the But story of the cedar and the Tuition and

in living dormiFor those campus interesting parallels the has mostpalm cafeteria eating meals and I all:of dreamed "And Abram is $45.00. and board room a drearrf toriesthe

in the night of our going up into the Beautiful apartments on the camland of Egypt, and what I beheld in pus are available at moderate cost orientation families. for General cedar tree and a palmwas a dreammy

a.m., in the 8:00 15 June meetingtree missing]... [words and came men Little Theater. Center Manwaring

and tried to cut down and uproot the Tuition and fees due and payable cedar while leaving the palm standing at registration. Registration ManGrind your own flour!... Eat your

alone. And the palm tree called out waring Center, 8:00 a.m., Monday, way to better health with an All Grain

Applications 1970. 15, due June mill. prices! flour low at new Now cedar! said, the cut not Cursed 'Doand

Registration 25, 1970. 8 June May mill Free with AllGrain every Corona missing]. [words whoeverand shamed for taking the those Dance 3 mill sold. inforfor Write more now shelter in spared the cedar theSo was Tuition weeks. board and $52.50, mation.

total $67.50, $120.00.of room the 1416.) palm."(G.A. XIX, We

have seen that Abraham was often For Further Information Write or Call: Send orders to:

Director DR. SLAUGHTER, JAY L a cedar, withcompared the and that CO. SMITHFIELD IMPLEMENT ARTS OF FINE ACADEMY SUMMER

either or be the Sarahpalm could Smithfield, Utah 84335 RICKS COLLEGE 99 N. Main

hospitable Pharaoh.- But when we REXBURG, IDAHO 83440

read in the Genesis Apocryphon that "for the sake of the palm the cedar was saved"(XIX, 16), we recall the Peerless accuracy unforgetable image of the mighty

Odysseus, clad only in evergreen branches, facing the lovely princess

Nausicaa, as in an exquisitely diplospeechmatic her he compares with the JEWELRY COMPANY 32this amazing See how courttall sacred the standing in palm holds book the key page yard of the temple at Delos. In return your greatest success as a parent.to

of habits children of harmful to remove Points causes the way dressesfor the the princess compliment, whilein If helping prompt, obedience want cheerful you ages. Salt W. 2nd So,, 42 Lake City, Utah 84101 all

the now. in royal garments Booklet in Free hero and conducts for evtry child send advance your way 3221039 Telephone (801)

him to the palace. Later, when the two Pirintt Asteclatien.Oept.1 974, Pluunt Hill, Ohio. 453S9.

meet for the last time, the damsel makes

ALBUIVIS INDIAN RECORD ofgoodnatured the fun she had way SPIRES FIBERGLASS in Stereo Lamanite alive, in the mightiestsaved but man spires. sizes prices of of variety and Large

i Son Songs 12 Go My tellsreturn—music that her solemnly Odysseus Maintelight Weight. instolled. Easily

I Eagle's the 14 Songs Bed From—really joke: did save electric "For you it was no Also, free. gas nance and

for 2 $8.50 each hot $4.50—boptistries. fiberglass heaters and water

Blue Eagle Records LITTLEP.O. BOX 518GIANT/ 907 SEVENTHMANUFACTURINGSTREET / ORANGE, IIXAW;630CO. Box Provo,330 UniversityUtah 84601Station Era, April 1970 89

oivi: I

my life, lady, and I shall never forget was Tamar and her strange affair with jj"i7:! Here, then, the palm again her two halfbrothers, ending with the

saved the cedar. If scholars are now indeath of both and her marriage with

clined to compare Sarah with Helen of her father Judah; and then another

Troy, it is pleasanter and even more Tamar, daughter of David, who carappropriate to compare her with the ried on with her halfbrother (2 Sam.

chaste and clever Nausicaa, the most 13:13)—a reminder that Abraham and

delightful of ancient heroines. Sarah were halfbrother and -sister.

The humiliation of Odysseus, who Here it is in order to note that the appears first supplicating the princess legends of Abraham's birth and childwhile covered with dirt and leaves and hood are dominated by the conflict bethen trails after her wagon publicly tween matriarchy and patriarchy, with dressed in women's clothes, is a moAbraham's mortal foe and rival, Nimment of matriarchal victory, as is the rod, as the archdefender of the humiliation of Abraham. The meeting matriarchy. To forestall the birth of

ground of the two stories is appropriAbraham, foretold by the stars, he first ately Egypt, for in the Tale of the Two attempts to bar all contact between

Brothers, in which scholars have dismen and women; then he orders all

cerned the background of a wealth of expectant mothers shut up in a great biblical motifs, especially those of the castle: when a girl baby is born, she

Patriarchal stories, we meet the same and her mother are sent far from the strange combination of elements: the castle showered with gifts and crowned

hero as a cedar tree threatened with like queens, while all boy babies are destruction, the royal laundry ladies by immediately put to death. And while

the river, the trip to the palace, the Abraham's father supports Nimrod and humiliation of the king and his ultitries to destroy the infant, his mother mate restoration, and all the rest.'* saves him by hiding him in a cave: her

Emtelai, is also that this is a reminder felling of the cedar the name, is the ageold cult, motif. AttisAdonis in the Amalthea "THE ENVOY"Thefall of Adonis

Breaking Facsimile to mysteries the Mold: in turn No. 1 the Osiris relatedTWO PANT SUITS Sirius, the explanation thereof cult of according admonish to C. and and the

a zcmi exclusive Autran.''Already in the Pyramid the student not to be too surprised to

made especially men'sTexts wivesOsiris fromis thethem"—whyking "whoshouldtakes findin theFatherabominableAbrahamrites deeplyof the heathen.involved

for missionaries not Pharaoh be an Osiris in this as in This, admittedly, is not a healthy situaother dramatic situations?'* What tion, but then the point of the whole

might be called "the palace scandal"thing is that Abraham is fighting the $89.95* occurs repeatedly in the Patriarchal system, and his is a lifelong struggle.

his process the of In foe the meeting on like traditions. Sarah, Rebecca, was

You'll never again satisfied be with finds in himself ground one he own of a king, clutches the rescued from suit! other finestany the miracle Of after situation unpleasant treasure palace the laden leaving with another—unfabric.pressed The Envoy has an familiar. strangely pleasant and lurks The ingloriously true spouse her whileunconditional twoyear guarwear

setting, familiarity of as the have we in Abimelech, the background.''whoantee. for weight'"Mid year round

all insisted along, for the auvouches later wife, atfor to take tried Sarahcomfort; not does spot under normal

tradition. thenticity the of Abrain the to take The Rebecca tempted samewear. Solids, stripes checks, and

into stories are ancient poured an "hospitality died way.''ham Sarah Whenoverplaids; regular, longs, extra longsand shorts. ceased; but when Rebecca came the mold—but Abraham cracks the mold.

gates were again opened."''In all One of the most striking examples of

'check with us for our missionary discount these operations Rebecca, we are asthe shattered mold is the famous roZCMI BUDGET STORES MENS SUITS -all stores sured, "was the counterpart of Sarah mance of Joseph and Asenath, a in person and spirit,"the living image reediting of the story of Abraham and of Sarah. Sarah is thus the ageless Sarah in an authentic Egyptian setting.

mother and perennial bride: the whole Everything in this romantic tale repoint of the birth of Isaac is that she verses the order of the conventional becomes young again—"Is any thing NearEastern Romance. True, it beRelax in too hard for the Lord?"(Gen. 18:11gins with the maiden locked up in her

Enchanted 15.) Firmicus Materus informs us that tower, the proud heiress of the matrithe early Christians saw in the Egyparchy disdaining all men and rejecting

tian cult of Serapis, the last stage of all lovers, according to the standard far fairytale as going back formula celebration of mysteries, Osiris the the on one ofReserve space of the as the Egyptian romances Sarah,"Sarrapais, of "the son with the.tours; MonthlyMURDOCK's Brothers. Prince of and as the the Doomed the Two mother Sarah new king.

Auk. 11, Oct. 1.3. Which may not be so farfetched, since Bxit presently she falls desperately in

she love intention love with of whose Pharaoh's Joseph, that was exactly INC. TRAVEL,MURDOCK

abjectly unworthy. to feels Rad to according wife, G. von her in taking

Street 14 South Mam stories insists the are that testing the of story of the Joseph Josephus. The City, Utah Salt Lake

the bride's moral fiber and the humiliapurest fiction, "durch und durch tion of the arrogant bridegroom is novellistisch"and have no place in the on send information Please overhistories. * of Patriarchal the line But he carried on down through

tours. Hawaiianyour ritual element descendants: looks the allimportant female There Abraham's

Name...

Address.

City.....State. 90

that places Joseph and Asenath in the PRESS long line of holy couples: Adam and

Eve, Abraham and Sarah, Isaac and

Rebecca, Jacob and Rachel, Moses and

Zippora, Aaron and Elisheba, etc.

The undeniable link between the

Abraham and the Joseph romances is the key name of Potiphar; for just as

the testing of Abraham takes place at

Potiphar's Hill, so the triumph of

Joseph over the practices of the heathen and the wicked Prince of Egypt takes place at Potiphar's castle, Potiphar 1600 Empire Road Salt Lake City, Utah 84104 being none other than the father of m

Asenath. While the Prince of Egypt SB Call (801) 4861892

attempts to seize and marry Asenath against her will (the Sarah motif),Joseph is so moved by her tears that Layout and Design Typography gm to kiss refuses instead herhe even f and J puts gives Sl Phototypography Lithographic Offset Sf her and on head his handher a blessing, telling her that in spite Letterpress 4-Color Process Separations of her Egyptian parentage she true "for blood of Abraham, whomis of shethe ff Bindery Shipping and Mailing was chosen before the world was."

(Joseph & Aseneth 8:8-9.) So here then

is the basic issue of the rival dynasties.

Weeping all night on her royal couch in the depths of humiliation amid sackcloth and ashes, the damsel prays for death, since she feels utterly unworthy of marrying Joseph. Just as

she is at the point of death an angel appears and greets her as he had once greeted Abraham and Sarah in a like situation (14:11)—it is the old delivery-byan-angel motif. Instead of

defending the lady's honor with sword or whip, the angel orders her to remove the veil from her head, because, he tells her, "thy name is written in the

Book of Life; from this time on thou

art created given anew, anew, formed shalt of GREAT eat the bread life; thoua new

life and drink of immortality, and be anointed with the oil of incorruptibility, and then become the bride of WHEAT FOODS

Joseph for all eternity."(15:4-6.) As

the prayed lady on the bed that was to FOR STORAGE & DAILY USE star funeral "the couch,be her Morning rose in the East... a sign that God

had heard her prayer"(14:1); it was

the precursor of the sunrise and the resurrection, as well as the ruling luminary (the Shagreel) of the rites of the sacred marriage (the hieros gamos) throughout the 'ancient world. The

angel instructed Asenath to change her black garment of death to a pure white wedding dress, "the most ancient, primal Weddinggarment,"whereupon she kisses the feet of the heavenly visitor (who, incidentally, is in the exact image of Joseph!), who takes her

leads her "outby and the hand of the Delicious Hot light."darkness into the (15:1011.) Bulgur WheatThe two then sit upon her undefiled

bed to partake of bread and wine supCereal for pilaf, plied by the bride while the angel Great for Cookies, too! stuffings & cereai. producesmiraculously a honeycomb

for a true lovefeast in the manner of

For additional recipes, write to:

FISHER'S, Box 3784, Seattle, Washington 98124

Era, April 1970 91 a

the primitive Christians. (15:14, 16:1.) rivalry and tension between father and nameless If one compares this with the ''Setne"son, patriarchy and matriarchy are

romance or the Tales of the Two resolved in a perfect equality. On Mt.

Electric Heal theBrothersstoriesof ofForedoomedAqhat or Krt,Prince,or numeror with Moriah,ing to sufferIsaac onshowedthe altarthat heas wasAbrahamwillous Greek myths, one will recognize had been; in Egypt it was made perat every turn the same elements in the fectly clear that Sarah was Abraham's

same combination—but what a differequal, and that he was as dependent Is Pure ence! The heathen versions are full of on her for his eternal prpgress as she

violence and bestiality, with one was on him. The two kings knew that

brother murdering another and the without Sarah they could not attain to lady deceiving and destroying her the glory of Abraham, but she knew Comforl lovers: there is no better example of that without Abraham her glory would

both the ritual and historical situation be nothing, and she refused all substi-... puts a springthan the account in the eighth chapter tutes. "Do this,"says Abraham to his

of Ether where the throne is transwife at the beginning of the story, "for like freshness in mitted after the manner of "them of the sake of benefitting me, [and] for every room. old"vised byby atheseriesqueen.of ritualIn themurdersSedfestival,superyourtavli ownba'avurekh].advantage"(See [lema'anGen. 12:13.)yiMoret points out, the king's wife rep- "Abraham and Sarah,"says the Midresented the unfailing fecundity of the rash, "kept the whole law from Alef to

earth, while the Pharaoh was one Taw, not by compulsion but with whose failing powers were arrested by delight."'They kept the law fully

a sacrificial death, effected since the and they kept it together. Why is it,

middle of the 4th Millennium B.C., by asks the archaeologist A. Parrot, that

the use of a substitute. This is the we never read of the God of Sarah,

sort of thing in which Abraham and Rebecca, and Rachael, but only of the

Sarah become unwillingly involved—God of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob? The

desperate perversion of the true order answer is given in Abraham 2:2225,

of things. The first Pharaoh, being where Abraham obeys a direct com-

a good man who "judged his people mand from God, though he is free to wisely and justly all his days,"had tried reject it if he will, while Sarah rehard to do things right, would "fain ceives it as the law of her husband, claim"the right of the priesthood, and being likewise under no compulsion.

Utah Power & Light Co. was always "seeking to imitate that It is indeed the God of Sarah, Rebecca,

order established by the fathers."(Abr. and Rachel to whom they pray directly,

1:2627.) But the best he could come but they covenant with him through

up with was an imitation, being their husbands. "If he guards the holy

"cursed... as pertaining to the imprint,"says the Zohar, speaking of

Priesthood."Abraham, possessed of the ordinances of Abraham, "then the

HILL CUMORAH the authentic records (1:28), knew Shekhinah does not depart from him"

and PAGEANT authority his sure guarded can he has he be but how secret—that HISTORY CHURCH it? simulated until sure of it and his glor>'cannot TOUR wasPharaoh'sstolen be "He

Departing Phoenix, Ariz. and refused to cooperate, turning to he is married.... When the man and

Deluxe Historical Tour July 21 God instead for the knowledge and the wife are joined together and are called 21 days permission necessary to restore the anby one name, then the celestial favor... which is embraced Church History Special July 22 cient order (Abr. 1:2). For this he was rests upon them

17 days rewarded and received the desire of his in the male, so that the female is also to after heart, firmly established."only being the lecha, 94a.) put but (Lech

Calif. Departing Los Angeles,

It tests. against possible severest Forced faithfulness, their was mutual by

Tour Deluxe Historical... July will participate false to 18 his in the to according teaching, rabbinic that 22 days

ordinances, he resisted them at every Abraham and Sarah reversed the blows

Write or call for information step, even to the point of death. What of death, so that they became new

Delia Allen breaks the mold is the sudden, unagain and had children in their old (602) 9633383 expected, and violent intervention of a ggg i88 jyg 5Q when Asenath was

Rt. 1, Box 38 destroying angel, which puts an end to anointed with the oil of incorruptiGilbert, Ariz. 85234 sacrificial rites and in their place bility, and then became the bride of

sacrifice told, of this token time she an ordinance "from Joseph,"was Mr. Mrs. & great Laverne Burdett restoresonly, looking to the art created forward thou anew, formed anew, on 7695304 (213)

..."life. Isaac, Neither atonement. given a Asen. Abraham, (Jos. new & Moorpark 11576

North Hollywood, Calif. 91602 nor Sarah had to pay the supreme price, 15:4-6.) When Sarah had passed

though each confidently expected to, through the valley of the shadow in and was accordingly given full credit order to save her husband's life, Abraand forgiveness of sins through the ham received "a new grade of knowlHEARING AIDS atoning sacrifice of the Lord. In them edge,"after which he "begat children

Hjge savings on tiny, allin- the proper order and purpose of sacrion a higher plane."(Zohar, Veyerah,

theear, behind the body models.glass and ear, Neweyefice was restored after the world had 103b.) This is that measure of exaltaarespace age so models as tiny departed far from 2:1011: the ancient plan tion in promised Abraham

closwell your concealedand to get. possible "... for as receive this Gospel as it was as manyest friends even may never

notice. TRIAL. FREE HOME

payment. Low as $10 In their three sacrifices the classic shall be called after thy name, andNo down

monthly. Money back guarantee. Order direct and save.

Write today for free catalog and confidential booklet.

PRESTIGE, Dept. D-57, Box 10947, Houston, Tex. 77018. 92

THE

GO NOW! EVERYWHERE

... shall accounted be seed thy and SUIT in is after seed thy to thee say, (that

Black mohair literal seed,the or seed of the the—wool and

all shallbody) families the of the earth for cut today, blessed,be even the with blessings of wear it with a the life of Gospel... even eternal."

It doctrine led that was this to the::p shirthigh andcolortie:discussions the doctors among Jewish

on whether Abraham and Sarah were OR actually given the power to create Add souls. "Abraham obtained the poscummerbund,

session of both worlds,"says an antux shirtcient formula, "for his sake this world YOU CAN and ZAP! -

and the world to come were created."i you're

Abraham's covenant, as J. Morgenstern formal.observes with wonder, "appears to be LIVE IN Goes where

outside of time and space/'Or as the you want to lookingProphet go us Joseph Smith put it, "Let SALT LAKE CITY greatseek glory the—even of Abraham, Noah,

Adam, the Apostles,"naming Abraham on a mission!first of all.192 at the

And Abraham earned his glory: "The

sacrifice required of Abraham in the offering up of Isaac, shows that if aman would attain to the keys of the NEWHOUSE kingdom of an endless life, he must Center of City sacrifice all things."But Isaac was Overnight and Residential

in on it too—the stories of Isaac and Free Parking

Sarah teach us that salvation is a famFamily Rooms ily affair, in which, however, each Daily from $8.00

member acts as an individual and makes his own choice, for each must decide for himself when it is a matterof giving up "all things,"including life MONTHLY RATE itself, if necessary. But "when theLord has thoroughly proved him, and $190.

finds that the man is determined to allserve hazards,"then only Him at PRIVATE BATH ROOM—"the visions of the will heavens and be ALL SERVICES MEALS

as him,"opened they to unto were the will teachAbraham, "and Lord—MAIL FOR DETAILS—KING'ShI

him face to face, and he may have a perfect NEWHOUSE of the knowledge mysteries of and MEN'S WEAR 4th South and Mainthe of God."!"-* TUXEDCRENTAL! Kingdom If Abraham FORMALWEAR

Salt City, Lake Utah 84101 East South Tenfiple 242 that provide a sacwouldknew "God rifice,"Isaac did not; if he was perNome Salt Lake City, Utah 841 1

fectly sure of his wife, she was not and Coat Size Long Regular Suit: $110.00

Shipping: 1.75 Size Inseom Waistprayed desperately for help—husband,

Breasted Double 6 Button Breasted Q] 2 Button Single Q] son, eachwife, and had to undergo the Address terrible test alone. NAME:

But every test is only a sampling: as ADDRESS:

a few drops of blood are enough for a Print Nome and Address CITY: STATE: ZIP:.

blood test, so, as Morgenstern points Residents of Utah only add $4.95 sales tax {AVi"/,,]

out, the rite of circumcision demanded of Abraham expressed the idea that a oftoken shedding the blood "redeems CANDLES FOR YOUR COX S DELICOUS "''remainder."is Circumcision, then, STORAGE PROGRAM

sacrifice. arrestedan reaches one When Direct our from Moftey Creamed criticala in point act of an obedience candle factory

in the U.S. of the one best itat which becomes that apparent one

at Ware slightly imperfect candlesis all is it willing to go the way, not These big discount. for ideal Also banquets, GIFT A SPECIALTY BOXES tonecessary go farther any and make its for fundraising flavor projects, etc. fa quality and bazaars, mous

sacrifice.the costly called 3"Abraham for x Send $1.00 6"candle sample and (Write for XN.

willthe spot prepaid. send sacrificed Kitchen, where we Candle Isaac he f''ee Brochure) f\o.j7*1

Salt City, Temple, Lake W. 2335 Utah"Jehovahjireh,"signifying that HONEY FARMS God

list. price 4873297. Request Idaho 83274 So.—perfectly allwas the aware time of 84115 s1 HONEYJ Shelley,COX

what was going on and knew exactly where Abraham stood: "For now I

know that thou fearest God, seeing thou hast not withheld thy son... "'

Era, April 1970 93

The Passion Play: He knew that Abraham would cerfrom the sacrifices of Abraham, Isaac,

tainly sacrifice, carry the out Sarah; and he and each interrupted and was See it now. as far possible go as for the let him providing by the of a substitute became

(Orwaittill1980.) sake of his instruction, and then he a token sacrifice, acceptable to God beGiven only once every 10 years, tickets to had him complete the ordinance with a cause of the demonstrated intention of

the Play Passion 1970 Oberammergau sacrifice, to are token of be rewhich was the to each three offer his or her still obtain. to hard Lufthansa already can 'his if peated life in temple. the progeny by necessary. perfect conThe tickets, guarantee and accommodations

it is as as For since well individual sistency an is of the sacrifices three a its seats Leisure Alpine through plane (from $699) and European Highlights (from a family thing, each of the descendants powerful confirmation of the authen- $895) tours. Send in the coupon immeof Abraham is required to make the ticity of the Book of Abraham.

diately. Travel Isaac.''your sacrifice as Agent. Or see token same Cyril, {To be concluded) the last "primitive"bishop Christian day, 15 Prices based on 1421 passenger G.I.T.

Class fare applicable. from N.Y. Economy when

of Land arrangements on each 2 people of Jerusalem, has left us a report on based traveling together. how the early Christians thought of

this token sacrifice. The first step in FOOTNOTES

Airlines Lufthansa German says, Christian, is to a becoming he

Ave., N.Y. York, 410 Park New all 97 the idols (as Jubilees, 10022 renounce 13:10; Genesis Apocryphon Abraham

Please your send Oberammergau '23 me 19 next, did); the escape must one power #31. 08 tours brochure #30 on and Gen. Apocr., 19:13.

of Satan, described as a ravening lion; 99 C. Gordon, Common Background, etc.,

Name then come baptism, anointing, and the pp.100159f.B. Z. Wacholder, in Hebrew Union ColAddress- receiving of a garment; the candilege Annual, Vol. 34, pp. llOf.

Gity -State date is then buried again three times in zeitung,101 H. Vol.Kees,53cited(1958),in Orientalischep. 311, andLiteraturin Aeg.

signify water, to in Christ's three days Ztschr., Vol. 11719. 57, pp.

Zip -Phone102 story of The Sarah in the trunk, Midrash die,"really the do not tomb. "We Rab., 40:6. LL

isexplains, Cyril really 103 My Travel Agent are Ibid., "nor 40:4. we

104 trying held each They an auction, to buy rise buried, again nor do we actually in order a gift of her to Pharaoh, to make

It is crucified. a after being token ibid.,her 40:5. Lufthansa 105 S. haYashar, 113. 5152; in Vermes, p. instructions following (en eiponi he German Airlines Rab., 106 Midr. 41:2.

is real. the salvation mimesis), 107 though discu.ssing Beer, sources p. 128. 25, p. on

Christ was really crucified and buried 51f.108 P. R. Eliezer, Ch. 26; S. haYashar, pp.

15, 19. (1959), pp. benefit, are things for our and we can Vol, Bin Gorion, II, 158. no71 Year's and literally rose again. And all these 100 So E. Osswald, in Ztschr. f. A. T. Wiss., sufferings imitating his share in 111 by Eusebius, Praeparatio

112 Vol. Ginzberg, Apocr. 3034, Gen. XX, in enjoying the rewards them while

in II, Gorion, bin 97; Abraham p. 203; Maasecf.food supply reality. evang., IX, 17. everflowing is God's Qissas, I, Tha'labi, O how haMidrasch, 35, 41; Beth1,

Beer, S. in p. haYasiiar, Vermes, 73; p. 55; nails for the Christ received love man!

113. 18, pp.

I feet, in while blameless hands and 113 Priests Stories Griffith, the L. High of F.Under $200 1619. (Oxford, of Memphis pp. 1900), in suffering reward the share and may

114 Ibid., 27. p.

sufor pain of the salvation without is as 113 the 31. Ibid., same p. theme The under!-Way Knight. Sir the of Green that and On Gawain fering!"''that goes to note one on He

of Fiftytwo the antiquity importance the and Size Cases 12 Prepacked Same Christ,"adopted "a an then becomes Political Quarterly, in Nibley, Western game, H. Moisture Foods Low cans—#10 2 337. Vol. p. (1949), "rereal a of son nonetheless God, but

cit., 3240. Griffith, op. Fruits, Protein Foods, pp. 5 6 Grains. 3 no of of Christ very the the ceiving form the ll"of tone Ibid., the moral 4550; pp. Juices, plus Desserts, 8 Vegetables of is that higher than account Egyptian even

Sugar, Assorted Seasoning and Menu God."2oo version. the Jewish the standpriesthood describes He lis 60ff. Extras. Ibid., pp.

119 Era, 1969, pp. 80, 82. circle ("leave March the altar ing a around in convenientto- Food Supply Balanced 120 Griffith, 64f. pp. if altar hath thy brother the aught is scientifically store cartons prepared 121 Ibid., 65f. pp.

to fill tlie nutritional needs of one peragainst thee!"), the mutual embrac122 H. Ranke, in Studies for F. L. Griffith

412ff. (Oxford, 1932), pp. one full year or a family of 4-6 son for fusion ing a complete "which signifies 123 2. n. Vermes, 115,

three months. 124 thrill- Y. spirits,"Avigadp. N. of "that and Yadin, A Genesis and then

University, (Jerusalem: Apocryphon Hebrew City ship in Salt Lake Pick up or we will enter ing hour one must when Genesis note Apocryphon 26, that the 1956), p.

collect. freight shipping weight Gross affliction of of healing Pharaoh into the version of God."-- spiritually the presence and

365 lbs. Throughout this ancient and forgotten with"is actuallySarah andmuchAbimelech."closer to Genesis \x, dealing

discourse the emphasis is on the token 125 Bin Gorion, II, 250.

126 Vol. 1, Ginzberg, p. 258. of the ordinances nature or mimetic 127 Beer, p. 45.PIERMAPAK

128 loc. cit. real necesquite Ginzberg, the and with along Salt South, Lake City, 2430 *40 East

129 4647. Beer, pp. Utah Phone 4869671 84115 (801) salvaplay in achieving part they sary 130 Vol. 26263. 1, Ginzberg, pp.

tion. Julius Maternus, describing the 131 Beer, p. 128; Ginzberg, Vol. 1, p. 224.

same rites, says that they match the ogie,132 p.F. 256.Weber, System der altsynagog. Theol133 closely mysteries very Osirian he and Zohar, I, Vayerah, 103b. ANNOUNCING i34josephus, Ant., Jew. their stealing of Egyptians accuses theA new nonprofit cooperative corporation years ten younger than Abraham.I, 165. SarahCf. Beer,was

dedicated to promotion of greater Israel strength in the days ordinances back from 25. p.

135 Gray, in Literature the Krt Text The of in FAMILY ORGANIZATIONS, both formal of Moses."-

Brill, Ras (Leiden: 2. ShamraJ. p. 1964), informaLand Over of 40 pages 1969 early in the thing 136 important 4-5. Ibid., The pp.World Records Conference seminar data 137 lines Col. 33. 4, Tab. 5, 25, is rites individthat every Christian 138 lines Col.and 3, a 87. 4, Tab. genealogical 83, helping both game

m,ust suffering imitate the ual 139 and Era, Sept. see Gray, 1969, p. 92;children in adults and our "REMEMBERING

Brill, The Legacy (Leiden: Canaan of p. 1965),J. is esthis great of Christ; the burialforebears"sent on onetime of payment n, 5.

it is 25, as of sential ordinances,$5.00. the 140 lines 1-8, Text, Col. 4, 1013. Krt 5, Tab.

141 Ibid., line 19.Membership suggested: name all Husband's principle of the fundamental Jew142 Ibid., line for 21a. "do"is here The word plus wife'sname maiden name. A family learn ish sacrifice as well. This ehtrsh, to ordinance. perform we meaning an

organization or a single name or a name firm name accepted.

FAMILY ASSOCIATIONS, INC.

631 (a) So. 11th East, SLC, Utah 84102 94

143 Ibid., Col. 4, lines 4ff.

1 J3a See C. J. Sleeker, Egyptian Festivals

(Leiden: Brill, 1967), pp. 3743.

144 Ginzberg, L.}., Vol. 5, note 308; Maase

Abraham, i45josephus, Ant., I, 18890.

History Biblical 146 So F. J, FoakesJackson,

time the same p. 25, noting at Hebrews, theof

that Isaac "is not more than a tribename."

of the Gods and Yahweh F. Albright, 147 W.

p. 128. of 1968), London, (UniversityCanaan

148 J. Gray, op. cit., p. 10.

332. II, 330, 149 Gorion, Bin

bin Gorion, II, Ant., I, 165; 150 Josephus,

15 2 J.J. Gray,G. Frazer,op. cit.,Thep. New5. Golden Bough,

T. M. Gaster, ed., (New York: Anchor, 1961),

pp. 172f; C. J. Bleeker, in The Sacral Kingship

(Leiden: Brill, 1959), pp. 26169.

1.3 H. Haag, in Ex Oriente Lux, Vol. 19,

p. 517; C. H. Gordon, Ugarit and Minoan Crete

(New York: W, W. Norton, 1966).

154 E. D. Van Buren, in Orientalia, Vol. 13

(1944), p. 15.

155 Beer, p. 25.

15G William Hales, A New Analysis of Chronology, etc. (London: 1830), H, 111.

157 Zohar I, Vayerah, 112a.

158 E. Speiser, in A. Altmann, Biblical Studies,

pp. 1418; J. L. Kelso, in Christianity Today,

159 W. F. Albright, Yahweh b- the Gods of

11112.Canaan, pp.

King Jesus (London: Cassell, Graves, 160 R.

p. 59. 1950),

161 Discussed by B. Beer, L. A., pp. 12627.

162 P. R. Eliezer, Ch. 26, p. 190.

163 Vermes, p. 114.

164 Beer, p. 61.

165 Beer, p. 18; Barhebraeus, Scholion on

Gen. 11:27. "Indeed, in prophetical power she

ranked higher than her husband,"Ginzberg, 166 Ginzberg, L. }., Vol. 1, p. 260.

"Footnotes 167168 omitted.

109 Ginzberg, Vol. 1, pp. 221f.

170 Tha'labi, Qissas alAnbiyah (Cairo, A. H.

1340), p. 223.

171 Beer, pp. 24, 127.

172 Era, Vol. 72 (September 1969), p. 94, n.

162: In a number of cases the hospitable lotus

theis identifiedpalm -branchwithas thea symbolroyal palm,of honorablesuggestingreWEDDING INVITATIONS & ACCESSORIES ception. ENGRAVED MERCOGRAPH MERCOTYPE 8:46168. 173 Odyssey, 7* FIRST 100 FIRST 100 Wi FIRST avail100 recently 174 story $19 has been made The $7.75—die steel engraved Genuine—(ed. ), $5.75 Simpson K. in paperback by able (thermography) W. letters or paneled plain Raised on finest Printed your with sent (Harper plate Egyptians Ancient Engraving Erman, Ad. The a and distinctive in sharp, and beautiful papers vellum wedding 15061. delivery. Torchbooks, 1966), pp. order. 15day price. this at value faces. sincere type clean new I, ii, Maspero, in 175 Melanges Autran, C.

53132. 176 Mise a Mart A. Moret, La du Roi, p. 13. NEW. Art rendering of all L.D.S. II, 177 332. Gorion, 330, Bin

178 Ginzberg, Vol. 1, p. 297. Temples for your wedding stationery

II, 179 Gorion, Bin cit. loc. 330. Over 60 styles from which to choose ISO Ginzberg,

profan, 181 F. Matemus, De errore relig. including all the elegant vellums

hist, relig. in Aegypt., 13:1-2, Hopfner, Pontes

p. 520. and finest parchments in silver

182 Astour, Discussed in by M. Jnl. of Bibl. gray and beautiful pastels. Also Lit., Vol. 58. 195, n. p. 85 (1966),

183 Beer, p. 3, n. 18. informals, enclosures, thank you

in Testamentum, Vestus 184 G. von Rad,

I Vol. p. 120. notes, at home cards, napkins, Supplementband, (1953),

185 Karaite Anthology L. Nemoy, L.D.S. wedding albums, ( Yale photo

University Press, 300. p. 1952),

accessories. books, and many 186 a Mort, 5152. Moret, Mise pp.

187 M. Braude, Midr. Ps. 112:1.

188 altsynagog. Theol., System der Weber, F. SATISFACTION COMPLETE WITH

BE PROMPTLY WILL 256. p. CONFIDENCE.MONET OR ORDERGUARANTEED REFUNDEDYOUR CHEERFULLY 189 AND the Kabbalah G. G. Scholem, (New On

INVITATIONS with 170 ff, York: Schocken, 1965), pp. ANNOUNCEMENTSENVELOPES INSIDEAND INTO INSERTED ALLTISSUEDWEDDING AND sources.

190 J. F. Moore, Judaism, I, 538.

191 Cit. A. Caquot, in Semitica, Vol. 12 FREE Gifts with every order 62. p. (1962),

192 Teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith, p. 162. 193 322. Ibid., p. FREE CATALOG

194 Ibid., 15051. I pp.

195 J. Morgenstem, in Heb. Un. Col. An., and FREE

of the name. meaning

Gorion, 197 195; bin p. Vermes,

in Cjril Jerus., of Migne II,Patrologiae307-8. or (50 if airmail re198

Graecae, Vol. 33, cols. 10681074. quested) credited on

199 Ibid., col. 1081. your order.

200 Col. 1088.

201 Col. 1112.

202 Julius Matemus, in Migne, Patrol. Lat.,

12: 1031. M E R C U R Y Name

PUBLISHING CO. Address

139 EAST 3900 SOUTH

. Era, April 1970 95 SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 84107 City.

End ofan Era

"Say,"said the man, as he entered the clothing store,

Life his home, was traveling "I bought this suit here with his on parents less than ago, two weeks Among a Becoming bus. restless,

it is rustyiooking and already."the he walked up the aisle "Well, replied the salesman, Mormons and got into a "I guaranteed it to wear

conversation with an like iron, didn't I?"The ivellliked hut longelderly man. His

ivinded mission president, father heard him say, Very few things happen speaking in a district "What do you know at the right time, and the rest conference, evidently felt he the Mormons?"about When at all; do not the happen speaking long been had the answered that man conscientious historian enough, as he looked around he know didn't much about will correct defects. these the chapel a clock. for them, Bobby posed the—Herodotus Suddenly a deacon in the front next question. "Would you

row spoke up: "Sir, we don't like to know more?"Men are born collectors.

have a clock yet, hut we The man answered, "Yes."First they collect bugs,

toads, and marbles;—Jeanettehave a calendarMurray, over there!"Bobby, somewhat

Franklin, Kentucky bewildered, faltered, then girls, kisses, and then appealed to his ties; then money, worries,

Bobby, a fouryear-old father; "What do I do and a family; then

boy who had heard now. Daddy?"gold trophies, fishing

the golden -Delia Bennett tackle, and hair tonics;

questions discussed in Meadow, Utah and finally pains, "End of an Era"will pay $3 for humorous anecdotes and experiences that symptoms, and memories.

relate to the Latterday Saint way of life. Maximum length 150 words.

Disgruntled customer at a restaurant: "I think

Two small boys, aged seven I had rather men should you're putting makeup on and two, were waiting ask why no statue has been the roast beef."

in line at an ice cream stand. erected in my honor,

The little brother was than why one has.

announcing loudly, "I want—Marcus Porcius Cato Going Pains

vanilla. I want vanilla."Important as knowing is, By Maureen Cannon

The supply of vanilla had given there is a more important field, / always unravel out, but without and that is the field of Whenever I travel, flinching, the older boy doing. Life is always bigger And so I stay home with the few,

ordered two strawberry cones than learning. It is a wonderful Serene and immobile.

and handed one to his thing to know, but it is Whom friends who go global little brother. "Here you are,"better to do. Can send all their gay

he said briskly. "Pink vanilla."—Elder Adam S. Bennion postcards TO!

96 Era, April 1970 lelow the surface where the real treasures are.*

books by Robert J. Matthews A treasury of LDS

I\ni;X CONCORDANCE AND tbe parzaBles

1 1n- l'i\i|>hc( lnhm;>l losqlh Smith

ROBERT J. MATTHEWS

HHItiHAM VtXJNK; IJNIVEHSITV

Robert J. Matthews, Ph.D.

Dr. Matthews has a brilliant record The Parables of Jesus Index & Concordance to Teachings

as instructor, principal and director... Viewed as the responses to of the Prophet Joseph Smith

of seminaries and institutes throughreal situations by the Savior, Over 850 subjects to bring into out the Church school system. His given to meet definite human sharp focus the more critical and

works are now available to the needs in that time as well as important contributions which the public after being used by counttoday. $1.50 Prophet Joseph made to mankind.

less seminary instructors. $1.00

tbe minacles JvsijjlI Smith's oF aesas RivisHnt vfihcBMi'

liiJvil.lMfillluirs

Ihiiihiiiii }i'iiii''l Hii'i i\il\

RobertBfiefiam "ifciunqJl MatthewsUnivef stty si.'m ROBERT J. MATTHEWS

Joseph Smith's Revision Who's Who in the Book The Miracles of Jesus of the Bible of Mormon A study of the situations and

The author has done much to Biographies of persons named, purposes of the miracles performed provide a greater understanding of including some who are unnamed by Jesus. The work also offers

the Inspired Version of the Bible in the Book of Mormon with an insight into the culture and as well as present a new insight analytical sketch of those who are customs of the day. $1.50

into Church history. $1.50 most significant. $1.50

Available now—at your local LDS book dealer.

Or write to: Brigham Young University Press, Publication Sales, 205 UPB - Provo, Utaii 84601

for sons, daughters, grandsons and granddaughters

Regardless of how you want to accumulate funds for a mission, First Security Bank can help you as it has helped thousands of others.

Each family's requirements vary, but we at

First Security have the "know how"to tailor a plan so that you will receive maximum interest.

We hope you will come in—whether your

savings plan be long or merely for a short period of time.

First SecurityBank Member First Security Corporation System of Banks

RESOURCES OVER ONE BILLION DOLLARS

First Security Bank of Utah, National Association.

First Security Banl< of Idalio, National Association.

First Security State Bank.

First Security Bank of Rock Springs, Wyoming.

Members Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.