I (J T r WM MAUI?

IVT

PHlfi'

EdlMiTV OrQan of thceventies and theyounJMens

Mutual Improvement Aasocia'tions

Vol. XL JANUARY. 1908. No. 3.

Published Monthly at Salt Lake City by the General Board y IV $2.00 PER ANNUM in y

SUITS FOR MEN AND BOYS, (Il4ll>r Rr/\C (n,UNDERWEARKNIT GOODS. VUllvl Lll U3ff VU'*

Order by Mail. 36 Main St., SALT LAKE CITY.

$dt)e money

By buying your Groceries in quantities.

We make special inducements to families buying in large quantities.

'Come figure with us today. It Is dangerous to create public apathy

and everything should be done to avoid establishing such a condition of affairs. The

grasping corporations feel indifferent to the this of the has causedwants masses, and to veliemently be denounced most by United 6rocerythem the public, and the recent insurance exposures have caused a feeling bordering close will resentfulness. occaonto not have You InCompanysion to handle your if we feel that way

surance. We will place your policies with

oompanies whose business methods are Wholesale and Retail above reproach and which have not been mentioned in the recent revelations that GROCERS,have startled the public. Let us take care

of your flre insurance, and we will assure you that you will feel satisfied and safe inevery respect. Salt Lake City

HEBER Jo GRANT & CO.

GENERAL INSURANCE t 2026 South Main Salt Lake City

Y.M.M.I.A. READING COURSE Both Phones 35 J.

FOR YOUNG MEN under 18 Years of Age. Jos* Wm. Taylor

Tom Brown's School Days $.25

Utah's Leading Undertaker Wild Animals I Have Known 2.00

and Licensed Embalmer.

FOR OLDER READERS. Fine Funeral Chapel, Private Parlor,

Show Rooms and Morgue. The Secret of Achievement 1.50

Oj"fioe Open Day and Night. Silas Marner - - -.35

21, 28, 25 SOUTH WEST TEMPLE ST. The Strength of Being Clean.50

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH. Send direct to ERA Office for these

books. Money must accompany order.

IMPROVEMENT ERA, Salt Lake City, Utah.

ESTABLISHED 1889.

UTAH COMMERCIAL and SAVINGS BANK CAPITAL $200,000 The STATE BANK UteA Salt Lake CUy, Interest, semiannually computed... Established 1890 Savings Deposits. on4 Per Cent—OF UTAH

Commercial Banking in all its /iHIS bank solicits the accounts of

I banks.firms and individuals, andbranches. Accounts of Banks and Individuals solicited. Customers assured Vl extends to such, customers every

the best accommodations consistent reasonable courtesy and facility.

with conservative and safe banking.

Jos. F. Smith, Prest. Chas. S. Burton, Cashier

WM. F, ARMSTRONG. BYRON GROO Anthon H.Lund.V. Pres. H.T.McEwan.Asst.Cash.

President. Cashier.

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Era.)

"CcstUleforgct"RalliaayDrud..Company...———Who ever heard of the

present courteous, efifiJames Jack, Preildent cient telephone service in

T.S.Hallidat, V.P. 4Mgr. Utah before Jos. C. Jack, Sec. A Treas.

Our Stock is New. "The Phone that Talks"

Prescription departintroduced it?

ment is exclusive Are you benefitted?

and has been enAre you doing your dorsed by the medical association in share to make it a greater the highest terms. success?

Drink flomi2 at our elegant fountain Utab Indedcndctit

Celepbone Company LOCATION Between Salt Cake # Call 51 and learn all;.0n)1)euM CDeatrei.. about it.

i'S/>i/V/VSSSVS/V>/VM'W

ARTIFICIAL REFRIGERATION AT MARKET AND SLAUGHTER HOUSE

Palace Meat Market THOS. J. NIPPER, Proprietor

Wholesale and Retail FRESH AND CURED MEATS, FISH, POULTRY AND GAME IN SEASON

in the We carry the largest supply of any market west, and everything is properly chilled before serving the customer.

BOTH PHONES

263265 South Main Salt Lake City, Utah

(When writino to Advertisers, please mention the Era.)

IMPROVEMEINT ERA, JANUARY, 1908.

Joseph F. Smith, {,..<"<""8 Hebeh J. Grant, Business Man.-iK'ir

EnwAUD H. ANDT5RS0N, | ALPHA J. HiGGS, Assistant

TABLE OF CONTENTS.

A Fraudulent Prophecy Exposed Rulon S. Wells 161

The Twentieth Ward Institute, One of the Forerunners of the Y. M. M. I. A., Organized,

1873 165 Thoughts of a Farmer—III. Fertilizers—Uncertainties Dr. Joseph M. Tanner 166

On a Ranch in Alberta 168 Father Bundy and the AllWood Wagon.... Job Smith 169

'175"The Bright Angel."Illustrated D.D. Rust

Ready for the Winter Storms 177

Natural and Supernatural Fred J. Pack, A.M., Ph.D.., 178

Lily Lake, On a Summit of the Uintahs 186

Romance of a Missionary—III. The Sisters

Fernley Nephi Anderson 187 The Boy Problem. I. Juvenile Faults Dr. E. G. Gowans 194

Apple Pickers on Fruit Farm of J. G. Lambert, Le

Grande, Oregon 198 Spiritual Growth N. L. Monson 199

The World. A Poem Kate Thomas 201

The World's Great Religions Prof. Levi Edgar Young 202

A Christmas Psalm. A Poem Clegg 207

In Old Kyoto, Japan Illustrated Hon. Frank J. Hewlett 208

Portrait of Bishop Charles W. Nibley 2 1 7

Editor's Table—Loyalty to Home Manufacture Prest. Joseph F. Smith 218

A Wish for the New Year 220 Messages from the Missions 221

Seventy's Council Table B.H.Roberts 225

Mutual Work 229 Events and Comments Edward H. Anderson 232

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, as SecondClass Matter

Vol. XI. JANUARY, 1908. No. 3

A FRAUDULENT PROPHECY EXPOSED.

BY ELDER RULON S. WELLS, OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF SEVENTY

In its issue of August 16, 1907, a local paper, published in a southern Idaho settlement, under the headline, "What do you think of this?"quotes the following most remarkable statement:

WHAT DO YOU THINK OF THIS?

Lutlus Gratiano, writing in The Hope of Zion, which was printed in 17r!9, in

Basel City, Switzerland, said:

'The old true gospel and the gifts thereof are lost, false doctrines prevail in every church and in all the lands. All we can do is to exhort the people to be

just, fear God, and shun evil, and to pray, pray.

"Prayer and purity may cause an angel to visit a deep and distracted soul, but I tell you that God in one hundred years will again have spoken. He will

restore the church again.

''I see a little people led by a prophet and faithful elders. They are persecuted, burnt out and murdered, but in a valley that lies on the shore of a great

lake they will grow and make a beautiful Henlick (land), have a temple of magnificent splendor, and also possess the old priesthood, with apostles, prophets, teachers and deacons. From every nation will the true believers be gathered by

speedy messengers. And then will the God Almighty speak to the disobedient

nation with thunders'and lightnings'destructions, such as was never heard of in history before. '

The book which contains the above may be found in the University library in

Basel City, Switzerland.

162 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

As will be seen from the foregoing,the writer has not omitted to give his readers reference to the very source of his information namely: The Hope of Zion, by Lutius Gratiano, printed in Pjasel,

Switzerland, in 1739, which may be found in the University library in that city.

I wonder if the editor of the local paper referred to really intended to stand responsible for the plain assertion that this wonderful prediction is to be found in the above mentioned book; or has

he permitted himself to be imposed upon by some one else? Personally, I would be very much interested in learning who is really responsible for the foregoing statement, for, if it be true, it should

be verified, and the name of Gratiano should become a household word, as one of the prophets to whom the future was unfolded with such clearness and detail as almost to rival the wonderful \asion of Daniel, when the Lord made known to him the dream of

Nebuchadnezzar and its interpretation. But if, on the other hand,

it be untrue, the perpetrator of this fraud deserves severe reprimand. For my part, I am free to admit, that I regard it as a

"fake"and a fraud. About ten years ago, while visiting the

Swiss and German Mission,! came to Basel, Switzerland, and having

previously been shown a typewritten document almost if not exactly a copy of the article quoted above, I resolved to visit the library and, if possible, obtain the book. Through the courtesy of Herr

Romell, a local emigration agent, with whom we had transacted considerable business, I succeeded in getting the book, Zion's Hoffnung, or, The Hope of Zion, by Lutius Gratiano, printed in the year 1739. Jointly with Elder Peter Loutensock, then presiding in that

mission, I read it from start to finish, and, much to my regret and disappointment, I found in it no such prediction, and nothing that even resembled it. It was a book on piety, written by a

devout Christian; at times it wa,s almost prophetic,but it contained

nothing that would justify the statement quoted above, or the document which had been shown to me.

Dr. David L.McDonald, who, in 1901, presided over the Swiss

Mission, subsequently visited this library, obtained the book, and read it, and, of course, was eqally unsuccessful in finding the alleged prediction.

Finding,however,a paragraph which to him seemed prophetic.

.4 FRAUDULENT PROPHECY EXPOSED. 163

and relating to the coming forth of this latter day work, he photographed the page containing it. The following is a reproduction

of the photograph:

<tufcllcl>e(yciidtc mirb gcjy)rcCfct 5abcn, tu|)

Die rcDigt Cbrijii Durcl; Den }mh Dcr Skia

nen/voiii flnticbrifrnebrucftcn/ uncr56vtm(Sec* gcrr baben / alfo t>Qi Die 50Jfnfccn bcp taufen* j5cn follen befebrt tt?erDfn / unb voit t)Ov gcitm

SSabplon / 3f fuff "unD 3?om felb mit fci*

ncn itcipfcrcri/ 6mfl|en unD croaltigen Die opffc babe mOjTen bngcn unD bffennen / jtc tocrmdqcn e nicbt ju roebreti/ Da SSfii nid!)t

fin (bren 9?cicb auf rDcn babe; 2llfo trirD

iov ber elt nDe Da Sioangclium fo ewaU tigftcbttseiqenDurcbbie gane elt, Da Jg)im* nffl unb (Srben n>evDen gejicben / |ie miijfeti ibt tjcrgeben o\t Cbrifli ort/ unD mtt |ol* cber admdcbricjen (Oftegrafft n)erDen 9e# mcine / Mngefiubtrtc eute angerban tuerDen / tt)elct>erlei) 9??ftifcbm Die 2Kelt nienwl ju fol

cbem boben 9eformationg#evcf DerDbo tzx\t gebraucbt hdtte; (EmirD au nfangiJ

tcnignfebeti (yabeh, Da etnjag Durcbpe mei-*

De augertcbtet merDen * olfb Da Dcr geinb unt) racbgieiige:racb fafflt femer raur Der jloU

en elt ibv iveiDlicb fpotren wirD/ nicbf min

Der aH'Der gi'oife oliat De fleinen 5at>tD /

Da folltDDbl niancl)cr evnunfffling gcDmcfen, 6 DiefeiPcrDenfomdcb%nei|]frn, Dermein

Kg{ici)ci- \mztix \\\, Dcnii allcTenfd enauf r# ttn tvcnig cibbif d}fn; 'Gann Der oherile 9)?ar'

Beginning at the tenth line I translate as follows:

Then before the end of the world will the gospel manifest itself so powerfully throughout the entire world that the heavens and the earth shall confess that they must sooner perish than the word of Christ, and with such Almighty, Godgiven power shall common, unstudied people be endowed; the like of which people the

world never would have used for such a high work of reformation upon the face.

164 IMI'h'()\'EMEXT hh'A.

of the earth; at the beginning there will be but little appearance that anything

will be accomplished through them, that even the enemy and the revengeful dragon, together with his bride, the proud world, will actively ridicule them not less than the great Goliath did little David; then shall many a reasoner think, Oh!

these shall little hinder such almighty spirits, of whom each one is stronger than all the men on earth.

This may well be regarded as projihetic, although much of it is found in the Holy Scriptures, from which, no doubt, the author gathered his information. It is, however, on that account, none

the less, a prophecy, the fulfilment of which we are witnessing, in our own day, in the development of the Lord's wonderful work; and

the chosen servants of the Lord, many of whom have been and are now "common, unstudied people,"have'been endowed with such "almighty, Godgiven power"or Divine authority, that thinking, reasoning men, who observe the manifestation of God's power in their behalf, may well exclaim: "Though the proud world may

ridicule them as the great Goliath did the youthful David, though it may little think that the great work of reformation could be accomplished by the labors of these humble elders, whom the world would never have chosen; though they may persecute them, yet

shall their effort avail little to. hinder these mighty ones, sent

forth and inspired of God, from accomplishing his mighty purposes!"However, there is nothing in this genuine quotation from

Zion's Hoffnung, or for that matter in any other passage of that book, that would warrant the statement referred to at the beginning of this article, and let us hope that it will not be used, either at home or abroad in the mission field, in support of the great work of the Master. There is enough of real prophecy without

using any that is bogus, to convince the honest in heart of the truth One would think that editors of newspapers and magazines would verify such remarkable statements before permitting them to be published.

Salt Lake City, FTtah.

Q W

5 VD THOUGHTS OF A FARMER.

BY DR. JOSEPH M. TANNER.

Ill—FERTILIZERS—UNCERTAINTIES.

Inside the wire fence which encloses my field, is a crop of growing grain. I am watching its growth and asking myself

what its yield will be. I have some idea from its appearance about

how many bushels to the acre I have a right to expect, from present appearances, and yet I know that something depends upon future rains and sunshine. It may ripen too soon, or its ripening

may be delayed. There may be an excessive rainfall, or there may

be a drought. In estimating the yield of the field, I am figuring

on chance, am therefore dealing in uncertainties; my mind is never

free from a state of anxiety, and I ask myself the question: ''Is it

well for man's happiness and welfare to put him in such a frame of mind?"Anxiety, of course, means care; it is troublesome to

bear, but it is a part of the daily lot of man. I ask myself then:

"Is all this anxiety in life, in its multitude of forms, mere accident, or is it a part of our education, and ordained of God for the best and highest training of the human soul?"I do not mean to

say that this anxiety is confined to farmers alone, but it is peculiar to them, in that they are always anxious about things over which they have and can have no control. What can the farmer

do about the rain and the sunshine? Absolutely nothing; and yet

he. gathers up from the experiences of the past, a knowledge that

gives him some assurance; and so he works on, actuated by his

faith in the general outcome.

The things about which the farmer, however, is anxious, are not all wrapped up in rain and sunshine. Along with the uncertainties of nature, there are the uncertainties of what he is doing.

THOUGHTS OF A FARMER. 167

Did he plow deep enough and early enough? Did he prepare a

seedbed that justified the highest expectations? The crop of

growing grain is daily teaching me a lesson. It tells me that I

must cooperate with nature; it tells me that I must put myself in

conformity with nature's laws; it tells me that I must do not only

the right thing, but that I must do the right thing at the right time. How shall I know what is the right thing or the right

time? I have my own experiences, but they are not enough; I

need the experiences of others; I naturally look about for some

higher authority whose guidance I am willing to follow. Again it

is that anxiety which creates high tension in the nervous forces of man's nature.

The nerves, like the muscles, must be exercised, and indeed any exercise of the muscles, without the presence of nervous energy, is a sluggish one. Such work reduces man to the level of

a machine, to the lot of the toiling animal. Nervous energy on

the farm, then, is one of the best assurances that physical energy will be there justly employed. While I am watching that crop of

growing wheat, I am not idle; I am preparing the land for another

crop. The anxiety created by my uncertainties, I am putting into

the soil for another year; anxiety is a sort of fertilizer; it increases

the productive qualities of the land.

Some people imagine that anxiety is a source of pain. The

truth is that we could not have any real pleasure without it; and

the question whether anxiety is to form excessive pain or pleasure is a question to be solved by every man in the exercise of the duties of his daily life. It is certain that the man who shuns

anxiety, who would be free from it, must surrender some of the highest possibilities of his life. I cannot imagine anything

more undesirable in the business of life than that which reduces man to the level of a dead certainty. A dead certainty is not a

commonplace phrase; for men really die when they become certain, and if they simply die, perhaps that would not be so great a

misfortune as that which accompanies their death.

The Savior gives us a beautiful illustration of a man of certainty; the man whose barn was well filled; who had provided himself against all emergencies, he could eat and drink and be merry.

Of him the Master said: ''Thou fool, tomorrow thou shalt die."

.

168 IMPRO VEMENT ERA

Somehow, I have always thought it better to deal with uncertainties of nature than with the uncertainties of human conduct;

at any rate it is easier to be reconciled to the disappointments of the sun and soil than to the disappointments of human nature. It

has always seemed to me easier to reconcile one's self to the misfortunes of the rain or the sun than to the misfortunes of misplaced cofidence in human nature; and nature says to you, in a

lofty tone of her voice: "Go on, trust me again; sift out of your

disappointments your present good and your future possibilities."

Nature is a consistent friend; if nature were a routine factor in

our experiences, and reduced herself to the level of a certainty, she would rob us of that vitalizing energy which anxiety puts into our lives. It is a mistake, then, to say that the farmer is the

most independent of men; the reverse is true; he is the most dependent. He is constantly made to feel his dependence, but it is

that sort of dependence that creates noble and inspiring faith.

Again, it gives him some true idea of the proportion of things when he sees, in his growing crops, so much done by a high power, and so little done by himself.

The farm levels the egotism of man and establishes him more perfectly in that true relation which he occupies to the rest of

life.

Alberta, Canada.

ON A RANCH IN ALBERTA.

FATHER BUNDY AND THE ALLWOOD WAGON.

BY JOB SMITH.

[In 1843, the author came to America, and direct to Nauvoo, from Deerhurst,

England, where he was born December 2, 1828. At Nauvoo he formed the

acquaintance of the Prophet Joseph Smith, and passed through the trying experiences of the expulsion and the exodus. He is a Utah pioneer, having crossed the

plains in 1848 to Salt Lake Valley, where he has resided most of the time since, and is now a resident of Sugar ward. He writes from personal knowledge.

Editors.]

Among the interesting and pathetic stories connected with the exodus of the Latterday Saints from Nauvoo to Salt Lake City, the story of Father Bundy and his allwood wagon is worth being made a matter of memory.

During the spring of 1846, after the authorities of the Church had left Nauvoo, as the vanguard of the movement west, mob forces began to be active, by threats and violence, at scattered points, a few miles from Nauvoo where settlement had been made by members of the Church. Father Bundy lived about five miles

from town, in a small settlement of English converts from Worcestershire and Gloucestershire, all well acquainted with each other in England, and now living near each other. No actual mob violence was offered them; but a cool threat was made that if they

were not moved out before a certain date in May, they would be "burned out"as had been some others, more distant from Nauvoo.

Most of the families in this group had teams of some sort, mostly oxen. But Father Bundy had none. Neither team nor

wagon, nor money, nor means to purchase one. Even his little

home could not be sold or traded away, it simply had to be aban-.

170 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

(ioned without consideration, except the threat of being burned out.

The word had gone forth that the place had to be vacated, and only three weeks before the day of grace remained. Renounce

"Mormonism"and they could stay, and all would be well. But

no; no such thought could be entertained; they had taken hold of

the gospel plough and could not look back, come what may. God

was relied upon for help, and help came. An opportunity was unexpectedly offered, over the river in Iowa, to do some ditching, and

to receive a yoke, or pair, of threeyear-old steers for pay. Two

hundred rods of ditch, to be made with sod bank, were the terms.

Needless to say, these, or any possible terms, were gladly accepted. The time being short, one of the neighbors offered to

help do the work; so at once Father Bundy, Robert Harris, and

this writer, who was then a boy of seventeen, crossed the river and walked twenty miles west to the place where the work had to be done, and in about ten days half of it had been performed

Having obtained consent of the owner, the steers were brought back over the river to help fetch the threatened family away, with the understanding they were to stop on the way westward to finish the ditching.

Two weeks of the allotted time had now expired, and only one week was left. Still no wagon. But a report came that a man

named Slater (the same after whom Slaterville, in Weber county, is named), had an old wagon that had no tires upon it, and which the owner did not think was at all available for further use as an emigrant wagon. But as this seemed to be the only possible opening for conveyance for even a short distance away from the

threatened settlement over the river into Iowa, where we could finish the ditching, and considering that we were but a small famiFather and Mother Bundy, myself and younger sister—itly—just

might carry us farther than seemed probable from reports. Of

course, we would have to walk and make the load as light as possible. So Father Bundy and I, taking the steers with us, went to

inspect the unpromising conveyance. No tires—never had any—

felloes clumsy looking, and already considerably worn by use, hickory pins for bolts, a split pole for a tongue, pinned onto the axle, no body, and three dollars the price. Having no money, the

FATHER BUNDY AND THE ALLWOOD WAGON. 171

deal was closed by Brother Slater humanely accepting a vest pattern, and some other small articles, as pay in full for his claim upon the wagon. The steers did their first service by hauling the

concern home. The remaining time was occupied in building a

wagon box out of lumber from the soonto-be deserted dwelling.

We split and shaved hickory wagonbows for the covering; and so,

with bed sheets for a wagon cover, we were nearly ready for a start. A sack or two of corn meal, a few tools, all our clothing,

cooking utensils, and all other worldly possessions (except furniture, farm tools, and home) were carefully packed into the wagon, and we were ready to start with the balance of the members of the settlement, which we did on the 15th day of May of that year, 1846. Crossing the river on that day, we soon reached Mr. Brownlee's place where we remained until the contract was filled, and

the steers thus paid for.

The journey westward was now commenced. We stopped

only at places in this friendly state of Iowa where -employment could be obtained, to secure flour or other necessaries for future use, for a journey of unknown distance and destination. Reaching Mount Pisgah, the members of the little company that started

together from Illinois became reunited, they having been separated on the way by each family stopping over a few days, at different places, to earn things which they needed. Here were

camped also a large number of other families who had arrived from

Nauvoo, some stopping for repairs, and some attending the temporary farm that had been fenced and planted gratuitously for the benefit of the late arrivals from Nauvoo.

To this place, at this time, came President Brigham Young, accompanied by a recruiting officer of the United States army. A

demand having been made by the government for five hundred men to join the army, in Mexico, it was necessary to call upon the different traveling camps to furnish a quota. A meeting was immediately called, and an earnest appeal made by the President for

as many ablebodied men as could possibly be spared, to enlist. A

large number responded, including every middle aged man of the small company in which we started. Father Bundy, being too old,

and myself too young, for enlistment, we were left; and upon us

came the obligation to care for the families of our old and dear 172 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

friends, left without male help, to continue a journey the length of which at that time had not been revealed.

Herding by night, and yoking and hitching up in the morning, assisting during the day the mothers who were driving their respective teams, as occasion or difficult places might require, these duties and every other duty, requiring manual assistance, fell upon

F'ather Bundy and myself. The names of these brethren who enlisted, and whose families were left in our care were Roberts, Cox,

Harris, Pixton, Slater and Browett, and also a widow named Moseley. These duties were faithfully performed, the remaining distance

to Council Bluffs where, from anxiety, hard work and still harder li\nng, Father Bundy and myself fell sick of ague and fever, and were unable to help ourselves. Sheltered only by the venerable

old wagon, we remained in this helpless condition until winter set in.

As is well understood, a large majority of the traveling Saints had to remain at a temporarily built town called Winter Quarters, over one traveling season, while the 147 pioneers should penetrate westward to find the place for the final settlement of the Saints and return.

Sick and helpless as we were, we were unable to build any kind of a cabin, dugout, or shelter, for the winter. Sister Cox's

husband had sent her a few dollars from Fort Leavenworth with which she hired a Brother Warner Porter to build her a log cabin, ten feet square. It was late in December when it was finished

and she could move in. Her family consisted of herself and four

small children, but she kindly consented to divide her shelter with us, making the total number of occupants nine. Soon the lack of

provisions of all kinds, except a little coarselyground corn meal, with fever and ague, and general exhaustion, brought everyone of the household, except two, down with a new complaint called "black scurvy."One of Sister Cox's children died. Mother

Bundy and Sister Ann (afterwards Jenkins) were the only ones able to wait upon the others, which duty they cheerfully did. The way

to the burial place being near the cabin, almost every day numbers of corpses were noticed being carried to their graves. There were

said to have been four hundred funerals during that winter. Considering that every family in the settlement had their own troubles

to meet, and few, if any, had any surplus of common necessaries of

FATHER Bl'NDY AND THE ALLWOOD WAGON. 178

life, the angel of good followship prevailed, and was made manifest in many ways in the assistance received during the long and dreary winter.

Dreary and trying as was the winter, it finally passed, and early sprouts of edible and medical plants were sought, and, with potatoes brought from Missouri, eaten raw, which proved to be of the highest medical value in restoring to health the many who had been afflicted. During the following summer, with faith, hope

and cooperation, corn, buckwheat and vegetables, were raised on unoccupied public lands, so that the following spring, of 1848, we had the amount of breadstuff on hand necessary for those who should undertake the further journey of over one thousand miles to Salt Lake Valley, where, of course, at that time, no provisions could pe purchased.

As time approached for starting, the wagon question arose again to the front. Usage for different kinds of local needs, as

well as the journey from Illinois, showed up the lack of iron in the different parts of the wooden wagon, and it was again regarded unfit for so long a journey as was now known to be necessary.

No effort of the family was equal to the task of securing either a new or secondhand wagon, ironed in the ordinary manner, neither had they means to purchase iron to bind the wheels of their old friend. Nothing was left but to mend up the old wagon and try

it again. A largehearted mechanic, named John Alger, took the

job of repairs in hand, and made every part "as good as new,"except, of course, the wear and tear of wheels and axles. AM

once more all the worldly goods of the family were stowed therein, together with the required quantity of a year and a half's breadstuff for the members of the family. Breadstuff for the other two

was hauled, in my case, by driving a team of another family, and, in my sister's case, traveling as a servant in another family.

So Father Bundy and wife started again in Zerah Pulsipher's company for Salt Lake Valley. The road, the first five hundred

miles, being chiefly along the Platte and other river bottoms, though being new, very rough and lumpy, was not rocky or gravelly, so the felloes, having been made of the best white oak and about double the width of the common twohorse wagon felloes, suffered but little abrasion so far. The spokes also were

.,

174 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

large, and were said to have been driven in hot rosin into the ample hubs. The latter half of the journey being over hills and mountains, where rocks and gravel formed the principal roadbed, the

abrasion of the felloes began gradually to become serious, so that the expedient of using buffalo rawhide to wrap around them became necessary, and was used with considerable success; but the

hard condition of the roads towards the latter part of the journey reduced at last the straight grained part of each felloe very thin, so that in the last canyon one of them was said to have broken, but the wheels held out to safely convey its load to the place of destination But at present, just to think of it! To travel through a wild

uninhabited country over a road but recently tracked, and with such an outfit, and such a distance! Nobody else but Latterday

Saints, full of faith and virtue, would have thought of such an undertaking, without new, firstclass outfits, and thebest teams obtainable; but here was Father Bundy, with many others, toiling

slowly along, singing around the evening campfires, "Though hard to you this journey may appear, Grace shall be as your day,"and ''We'll find the place which God for us prepared,"and sure enough they did find the place, for the gentle steers, with their gentle driver, brought the extraordinary outfit safely across the plains, over the

Black Hills and Rocky Mountains, from Nauvoo to Salt Lake City.

The fame of Father Bundy and his allwood wagon must live and all those who are now living, who are directly or indirectly indebted for their very existence to the success attending that remarkable adventure, should give thanks, honor and praise to the Father in Heaven who made such things possible in those days of expatriation and trial. The two other members of the

family also reached the valley safely, and were reunited in their new home.

It may be added also that each of the men whose names are mentioned as enlisting in the Mormon Battalion safely returned to their families, except Daniel Browett, who was killed by Indians in the Sierra mountains, while on his way back to his family; and

I believe all of the families, except Browett, are now represented in some of the settlements of the Saints in these mountains.

Sugar, Utah.

.

THE BRIGHT ANGEL.

BY D. D. RUST.

When President Roosevelt visited the Grand Canyon of Arizona, in 1903, he was escorted along the rim by Capt. Hance, the

"Old Timer,"the noted story teller. Near the close of the

lay, after they had seen most of the points of interest, the President turned to the captain and said, "Who named all these places?"Cap. replied, '*! named one thing in the canyon, and have been

ashamed of it ever since."

Names, as a rule, do not add to the magnificence of natural wonders. In the matter of geography, I suppose they are necesis everyone who is impressedsary evils; but to the artist—and that

by the beautiful, the awful, whether he puts it on canvas or keeps likely to be in the way.it only in his soul—they are

There are names, however, that brighten the object, that blend with it, and seem a part of it.

Among the thousands of canyons which together make the canyon of canyons, known as the Grand Canyon of the Colorado

River, the one least known and most talked about is "The Bright

Angel."This canyon and stream were discovered and named by

Major Powell in 1869. They were named in honor of the Messiah,and

jn contrast to "The Dirty Devil,"a small muddy river that rolls into the Colorado fifty miles below the junction of the Green and Grand

The latter was named for the Angel of Darkness; the former for

the Angel of Light.

This clear stream, which cuts its way from the north rim to it is either. The canyonthe river, is not a creek; it is not a river,—

which belongs with it, and which has been fashioned by it.

"THE BRIGHT AXGEL.- Photo by E. L. Kolb.

.,

''THE BRIGHT ANGEL."Y

is in itself a grand canyon, ten miles long and three thousand feet deep The Navajo expression for canyon is, literally interpreted, "a. water trail."This meaning has especial significance here.

The path hewn out by the water is the only passable way from the river to the rim.

This name is as appropriate as that with which it was contrasted, by the explorers. There is every suggestion of the Master.

In the shadows of the depths of solitude seem to appear Golgotha

Gethsemane and Calvary; high up in the sunlight is the mighty

truth that has swept the deck of the world. There are lurking

moods of evil, and bright pictures of everlasting hope; there is

the remorse of Peter, and the halo of the light of the Pentecost.

I listen to the call of this strip of wilderness. It is a wild

place, a holy place; a place for which I have deep affection. I

worship at her temples, drink the pure water from the sacred stream, and bathe in its "pools of Paradise."

Not many have been here. A few more, perhaps, than followed Jesus to the place of Transfiguration. It is fit ground for

pilgrimages, and whoever passes through must be filled with awe and reverence.

Orderville, Utah.

i

H III -m 11111i l.'EAliY FOR T}\K WINTER STORMS.

NATURAL AND SUPERNATURAL.

BY FRED JAMES PACK, A. M., PH. D.

[This article was fint printed in the Brigham Young College paper, the

Crimson, but its merits deserve that it should have a wider circulation. The

author has kindly permitted the Era to reprint it. Editors.

Belief in a divine power is entertained by all classes of people, civilized and uncivilized alike. Some center this belief in a

personage of flesh, others in a personage of spirit, others in images of wood and stone, and still others in a mere influence or governing force. No matter what form this object of worship

may assume, it is supposed to possess powers transcending those of man. Its laws and actions, in contradiction to all natural occurrences, are classified as the miraculous and supernatural. This

belief in a twofold system of laws is especially prevalent among

Christians, by whom it is usually asserted that God manifests his power through direct intervention, which has the effect of temporarily suspending the processes of nature. Out of this belief

the thought has grown that divine law not infrequently operates in direct opposition to natural law, and is, therefore, called the "supernatural."This distinction is plainly set forth in the following definitions taken from a standard authority:

"Natural—Pertaining to all created things, material and

spiritual, including all forms of being but the supernatural."

"Supernatural—That which exists or takes place through

some agency above the forces of nature; being outside the range

or operation of natural law."

No one thing has detracted more from belief in Deity than has this artificial and unwarranted classification. Christian civilization

is today divided into two powerfully opposing factions, the superNATURAL AND SUPERNATURAL. 179

naturalists and the naturalists. The one believes in an overruling

and interposing being, while the other recognizes in nature adequate inspiration without the intervention of the supernatural.

The one accounts for the creation of the universe as the result of divine edict; the other can see nothing but obedience to natural

law. Thus the warfare between religion and science is being

waged. Where will it end, and who will be the victor?

Many national disputes are brought about through the hastiness or unwisdom of some haughty monarch, and when the trouble is once well begun, retreat or concession is considered cowardly.

It should be remembered that no greater act of virtue can be shown than to acknowledge fault in the midst of conflict.

In the question at hand both factions have erred. There is

and can be no line, or even zone, of division drawn between the natural and the sotermed supernatural. The Church of Jesus

Christ of Latterday Saints has always recognized this truth, and therefore has not been a party to the conflict. Its members are

free to accept truth, no matter from what source that truth may come. This liberality contrasts boldly with the attitude of the

denominational minister who is constantly warning his flock against science and scientific investigation. The man who is unwilling to compare his views with those of another should be considered ignorant or cowardly.

For some inexplicable reason, all unaccountable phenomena have been relegated to the realms of the supernatural. Strange

it is that a thing should be considered above or beyond the natural just because it is not understood. By this method of reasoning, all

miraculous occurrences are accepted as directly opposed to the laws of the universe. The position is certainly faulty and untenable. Laws should be classified as known and unknown and all as

natural.

Other individuals are especially prone to disclaim belief in things not understood; and to this class belong many who consider

themselves learned. This condition is usually associated with

religious functions. Because the skeptic cannot comprehend the

value of baptism, he discredits its eflicacy. He repudiates the

virtue of approaching Deity in prayer, because he has not learned its value. This is but a parallel case to that of the individual who

.

180 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

did not believe that the distance from the earth to the sun could be determined. He was a mechanic, and could not measure distances except by means of the twofoot rule in his hippocket

When it is once generally recognized that religious and temporal affairs are governed by the selfsame laws, the greater part of these inconsistencies will disappear.

Students, and even scholars, not infrequently brush common sense aside in their mad rush to conclusions. Because phenomena

appear to take place in opposition to some generally accepted law.

it is assumed that such is the case. It is recorded that the

prophet Elisha caused an axe to swim. The religious man believes

it, and makes explanation by assuming that God momentarily suspended the law of gravitation by throwing into action some supernatural law. The unbeliever discredits the story, because he does

not see how such a thing could be possible. Both sides again are

wrong. Many things once thought to be impossible are now

occurring daily, and are recognized as perfectly natural. Suppose

that one hundred years ago a man in New York had conversed with another in Chicago, nearly one thousand miles distant. Those

who had witnessed the affair would have recognized in it the hand of the Divine, and, therefore, the supernatural. The skeptic

would have discredited the story because he was not there. Then

by what law or power was the axe caused to swim? No mortal

knows, but this does not justify the statement that it was brought about by some law opposed to nature, or that it did not occur, simply because the reason is not apparent.

The individual who disclaims belief in a phenomenon the reasons for which he cannot explain, uses very poor logic. In the

temporal affairs of life such things are encountered daily. The

story is told of a manufacturer of silverware who intentionally dropped an elegant silver vase into a vessel of nitric acid. The

owner was present and frantically protested as the acid rapidly ate into the coveted prize. A few minutes later and it had entirely disappeared into the transparent liquid. The manufacturer

tried to comfort the owner by telling him that the vessel would be returned. It was retorted that he was crazy, but the work of

restoration had already begun. A handful of salt thrown into the

acid caused the liquid to become as white as milk, and soon a

XATURAL AND SUPERNATURAL. 181

heavy substance settled to the bottom. This was immediately

taken out and placed in an earthen dish subjected to high temperature. After a few moments it was transferred to a clay crucible and heated until it became molten. The manufacturer produced a mould into which he poured the liquid mass. After

permitting lo to cool for a short time, the mould was removed, and to the great delight and surprise of the owner, his highlyprized vase was returned to him.

It was, without doubt, the identical one that he had seen eaten by the acid a few moments before. Had his eyes deceived

him? Could he explain the process by which the apparent miracle

had been wrought? Should he then deny that it had been done?

Common sense would insist that he believe, even though he be ignorant of the ultimate causes.

By what reason, therefore, can the existence of Deity be denied, although he be known only through his works? or shall

the doctrine of the resurrection be.repudiated, and the work of

this manufacturer accepted, when the ultimate reasons in either case are not at hand?

It is strangest of all that the divine hand should not be recognized in processes which permit of at least partial explanation.

His power is seen at once in the raising of the dead,—the reasons

are inexplicable. The healing of a knife wound in the hand is atprocess is partially understood.tributed to nature alone,—the

The physiologist states that as soon as the accident occurs, the blood hastens to the wound and deposits there a semitransparent fluid called serum. This substance acts as a cementing or knitting agent, and if uninterrupted will soon reunite the afilicted

parts. It is a regretable condition that even many of the professed believers in the Supreme see nothing in this process to indicate the handiwork of Deity. For them he must perform miracles; if he wishes to be recognized.

It is high time that all of God's laws are recognized as natural. He made "heaven and earth, the sea, and all that in

them is;"and therefore the laws that govern these things must be

recognized as pertaining to him. Natural laws are God's hws.

He not infrequently operates by means of the simplest of these earthly forces. An illustration: A widowed mother found it

182 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

necessary to rent some of her already crowded rooms. She was

extremely poor: it was winter time, and her children were poorly

clad. She had taught them belief in God and in his willingness

to answer prayer. John, a six year old son, was barefoot. He

decided to lay the matter before the Lord. His prayer was short

and concise, but earnest. He wanted some boots,—redtopped

all. Now how should this prayerboots, number nine—that was

be answered? Should the Creator descend from his heavenly

abode and place the boots at the boy's bedside, or should he inspire some earthly individual to do this for him? The latter

course was adopted. The men who rented the widow's rooms

were separated from the boy by only a board partition, and the prayer was overheard. They themselves were not staunch believers in the efficacy of prayer, but they considered that it would

be unfortunate for the boy to be disappointed. They purchased

the boots and placed them where they would be found the next morning. Then the Lord answered the prayer of the believing

boy. "Ah,"says the skeptic, ''but God had nothing to do with

this; it was the result of the men's generosity, nothing more!"

This thought is erroneous and has grown out of the thought that

Deity works by supernatural means. When God's most miraculous

works are understood, they will not appear unnatural, or to operate to the extinction of the forces now discernible.

The teachings of many religious sects would make it appear that the creation of the universe came about through an edict of the divine will, which may have been diametrically opposed to all natural laws. It is further believed that all material things were

formed from a state of nothingness; that is, that they were actually created from nothing. This position is contrary to both

science and revelation. The conservation of energy is an established law of nature, energy cannot be destroyed or created. It

was revealed to Joseph Smith, that "This earth was organized or formed out of other planets, which were broken up and remodeled and made into the one on which we live. * * * The elements

are eternal. That which has a beginning will surely have an end.

* * * Every principle proceeding from God is eternal. * * *

In the translation 'without form and void'should read 'empty and "desolate.'The word created should be 'formed'or 'organized.'

NATURAL AND SUPERNATURAL. 183

With this view of the subject, it is not difficult to understand that God's laws are of universal application. By them the planets

are controlled, as well as the simplest organism of his entire creation.

Many individuals expect Deity to show his power by means of the miraculous; otherwise they refuse to recognize him. It is

recorded that Naaman, the Syrian leper, went to Samaria to be healed by the Prophet Elisha. He was promised that if he would

wash seven times in the river Jordan,his leprosy should be removed.

This very simple requirement angered Naaman, and he went away murmuring, "I thought, he will surely come out to meet me, and stand, and call in the name of the Lord his God, and strike his hand over the place, and recover the leper. Are not Abana and

Pharpar, rivers of Damascus, better than all the waters of Israel?

May I not wash in them and be clean?"Naaman was reminded by

one of his servants that if Elisha had commanded him to do some great thing he would have willingly complied, and that the real virtue of the prophet's requirement lay in its simplicity. Through

the entreaties of this servant, Naaman finally returned, and after bathing seven times was healed.

While Saul of Tarsus was on his way to Damascus to perform a mission of persecution, he was stricken down by Divine presence and reprimanded for his wickedness. "What wilt thou have me

do?"was Saul's earnest appeal. Here comes the test: Will God

show his miraculous power still further by instructing this man in his numerous duties, or will he now reveal one of the various methods by which he operates? "Arise, and go into the city, and

there it shall be told thee what thou must do,"was his only reply.

A properly commissioned servant was then instructed, through a vision, to visit Saul and teach him his duties. The Supreme Being

not infrequently manifests his will through influences or agencies with which we are as yet not acquainted. But this does not argue

that these processes are impossible of comprehension. Man's

superiority over the animal creation lies in the fact that he is capable of endless progression, which may terminate in perfection.

Death and the grave do not retard his advancement. He lives on

through eternity. With this apparent barrier removed, and with

endless time before him, his possibilities are unlimited. Jesus

.

184 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

undoubtedly had this principle in mind when he instructed his disciples to be perfect even as God himself is perfect.

The great discoveries of modern civilization are only steps toward the unfolding of the infinite. Our possibilities are limited

only by our ability to utilize the forces which God has placed around us. Our methods of controlling these forces are constantly

improving, in fact so rapidly that we are almost surprising ourselves. Consider the process of transmitting messages. Only a

few decades ago, it required weeks and months to carry news from

New York to San Francisco. Later it became possible through

the invention of the telegraph to do this in a fraction of a second.

But even this great advancement soon proved cumbersome. Only

one message at a time could be transmitted on a single wire. As

the service increased, it became necessary to instal an almost endless number of these carrying agents. The multiplex system

of telegraphy was soon invented by means of which a great many messages can be sent in either direction, on a single wire at the same time. And still this is not enough; the wires are being dispensed with, and we now speak through the air. Why, then

should God be denied the ability to speak from the heavens? We

have learned these great things in an infinitesimal part of the eternity through which Deity has existed.

It should hardly be necessary to state that there are many ways of accomplishing the same result, and further, that the means thus employed are not antagonistic. The advancement of

civilization depends upon the introduction of superior methods and processes. An illustration: A few decades ago the ordinary

household blueing was manufactured from the mineral Lapis Lazuli

This was obtained by the usual methods of mining, and after being subjected to long and expensive treatment was reduced to the product in question. A research chemist later discovered that by

combining certain substances in the laboratory he could produce the same article at a very small fraction of the cost by the other method. Both processes are perfectly natural, and do not conflict

in the slightest degree. One is incomparably superior to the other,

but it does not operate to the extinction of its inferior.

Sugar is now made from both cane and beets; the products

from which are almost identical. Chemistry would do away with

XATI'RAL AXD SUPERNATURAL. 185

the present laborious methods of manufacture by combining the elements in the laboratory. Four pounds of the substance termed

saccharine is as sweet as one ton of ordinary sugar. Were it not

for the laws prohibiting its manufacture on a commercial scale, this compound would likely become the universal sweetener, in the course of a very few years.

When viewed from this standpoint, it is not unreasonable to consider that Jesus may have fed the multitude by calling together the various elements of which bread is composed. No one is justitied in concluding that he performed this miracle by some law superior to or above the natural. The same reasoning will hold true

of the making of the wine at Cana. The method by which this was

accomplished belongs to the great class of the unknown.

The unending strife between science and religion is very largely the result of this artificial classification of God's laws into the natural and the supernatural. Christians should see to it that

this generally accepted division is obliterated, and that the natural is divided into the known and the unknown. The term supernatural

should become obsolete at once. As individuals and communities

advance, the known laws become more numerous at the expense of the unknown. Retrogression reverses the process, and stagnation

destroys it.

The position of the Latterday Saint in this matter is impregnable. He recognizes in Deity all that is good, perfect and

ennobling: the Creator and Ruler of the universe. Savior, Lord and

King, with powers unlimited. He is not a God of confusion. His

superiority lies in the fact that he has mastered all.

It is a lamentable condition that many professed Christians are absolutely ignorant of even the fundamental principles of the elementary sciences. When such individuals are pressed into discussion involving some scientific deduction, they swelter under the

argument, and usually conclude by disclaiming belief in the Bible or nature's record. A skeptic recently stated in the presence of the

writer that the order of the creation as recorded in Genesis is erronous, in placing the appearance of the sun on the fourth day, and the various forms of plant life on the day previous. As proof

of this assertion it was pointed out that the sun's rays are indispensable to vegetable life. One member of the party, a professed believer

.

186 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

, andin the Holy Record, accepted the argument as incontrovertible immediately volunteered the opinion that the chronological statements of the Bible must not be taken literally. As a matter of

fact, the skeptic's argument was fallacious and the conclusion untenable. Paleontological evidence has shown that primitive plants

were not accustomed to the direct rays of the sun, but rather to diffused light. Correct scientific deductions, and the revealed word

of God, do not and cannot differ. Disagreements are the result of

ignorance It has been prophesied by Brigham Young that the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints should become the educational ensign of the entire world. From its inception the Church

has]encouraged its members to become conversant with all the branches of education. Its aim is upward and onward. It believes in progression and courts investigation. No warfare exists

between "Mormonism"and true science.

Geological Department, Brigham Young College, Logan.

LILY LAKE, ON A SUMMIT OF THE UINTAHS

ROMANCE OF A MISSIONARY.

BY NEPHI ANDERSON, AUTHOR OF "ADDED UPON,""tHE CASTLE

BUILDER,"ETC.

III.

THE SISTERS FERNLEY.

Besides the work of tracting and holding street meetings in the city, Elders Donaldson and Dean were given the branch at

Stonedale to look after. Stonedale was a suburb of the city, five

miles either by tram or by road and footpath across the country.

There were just twenty members in the Stonedale branch. Sunday

School was held each Sunday morning,and services were conducted in the evening. It was the elders'duty to be in Stonedale during

Sunday, at least. Usually they went out Saturday evening. If it

was after the street meetings, they went by car; or if they did not

remain for the meetings, they walked out early in the afternoon.

The Saturday following their appointment to this new duty found the two elders walking along the road to Stonedale. The

afternoon had begun fine, and they had anticipated a pleasant walk through the green lanes,away from the smoke and grime of the city;

but they were disappointed in this, because it began to rain before they reached half way. However, they trudged cheerily on, for Elder

Donaldson assured his companion that a warm welcome awaited them at Sister Fernley's,where they were to take tea that evening.

Elder Donaldson had been to Stonedale a number of times, but this was Willard's first visit.

"I give you fair warning,"said Elder Donaldson to Willard.

as he looked over at him under his dripping umbrella, ''that you do not fall in love with either of Sister Fernley's daughters."

.

1 88 IMPRO YEMENT ERA

His compai.ion only smiled in reply.

"Well, you needn't smile so selfassuredly. A young unmarried fellow like you isn't altogether proof against such girls. I

warn you.""I've never been in love in my life,"laughed Willard—"but

is a poor placeonce"he added half aloud—"and the mission field

to begin, considering those very pointed and emphatic instructions which the president gave us."

Sister Fernley was watching for them, and met them at the door. She took their wet coats and hats, and then led them into

the cozy little parlor where a cheerful fire was burning in the grate. They drew their chairs nearer the fire, and leaned back

comfortably in the big arm chairs which had been placed for them.

What a blessed feeling of peace and contentment the elders have in the home of a good brother or sister!

Sister Fernley was about fifty years old, but she looked younger. The expression in her face and her quiet solicitous ways,

Willard could only describe by the term "motherly,"and Willard had a liking for motherly ways.

"The girls will soon be home,"she explained, as she sat down to chat with them, "and then we shall have our tea; for you must

be hungry after your long walk in the rain?"She looked at

Willard. "'Mormon'Elders are always hungry,"he replied,"when there is something to eat."

"Otherwise, they are not,"she added.

They sat chatting pleasantly a short time, when the hall door opened and closed with a bang. A head was seen at the halfopen

door. Then it was hurriedly withdrawn, and there was a scamper

of feet up the stairs.

"That's Bessie,"said Sister Fernley. "She always lets us

know when she comes."

In a few minutes Bessie came down again. She had changed

her dress and put a few touches to her hair. She greeted the

elders warmly, and talked with no great shyness. Bessie was

eighteen; she was not tall, but plump—not too plump—and rosy;

full of life and goodnatured merriment, she was among the elders a proverbial banisher of gloom.

ROMANCE OF A MISSIONARY. 189

The teatable in the dining room now took most of her attention, though she found time to come to the doorway now and then to make some inquiries regarding Elder So and So, of Elder Donaldson.

"Bessie,"said he, "haven't I told you that you musn't be so interested in the elders."

Bessie disappeared. In

a few minutes she returned and stood in the doorway long enough to say:

"Elder Donaldson, I've made some currant cakes for you—if you're good. They're

hot, and have plenty of butter on them.""

Once more the outer door opened and some one came into the hall.

"Is that you. Elsa?"

asked the mother.

"Yes, mama."

"Elders Donaldson and Dean are here. Come in."

The girl came into the parlor as she was, in street costume. As she stood for

an instant hesitating in the SHE STOOD FOR AN INSTANT HESITATING

IN THE DOORWAY."doorway, she appeared as a

vision of beauty to Willard Dean. She was taller than her sister. Her face was a combination of white and pink. As she came in without removing hat or

gloves,Willard instinctively arose. He knew that queens demanded

homage, and here was a queen. She shook hands with the elders,

and Willard felt the firm pressure of that gloved hand as he had never felt hand before. Her sweet smile found a way directly to

his heart..

190 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Tea was soon ready, and they went into the dining room. All

four sat down at the table. Bessie was still and sober long enough

to allow Elder Donaldson to ask the blessing. Elsa sat by Willard.

With gloves and hat removed, she was more beautiful than ever.

A mass of dark brown hair crowned a shapely head. Her lips were

she did quitefull and red, and when she smiled at Willard—which

frequently—he noted that her teeth were pearly white. She was

a study in pink and white, and Gainsborough might have used her for a model.

Elsa Fernley was a teacher in one of Stonedale's schools, and the talk drifted to schools and teaching,both English and American.

''Is the American system much different from the English?"she

asked. Willard could not say, as he knew very little about the

English schools. They all expected to go to Utah, some day, and

she, of course, would have to teach.

After tea they returned to the parlor. The two girls excused

themselves while they cleared the table and washed the dishes. It

was done in an incredibly short time, and they were soon back in the parlor. It was still raining without. The evening was grey

and dull, so the blinds were drawn, the gas was lighted, and the company gathered around the fire.

Willard Dean was naturally a shy man, and especially when in the company of girls; but Sister Fernley was so motherly, Bessie

was so unrestrained, and Elsa was so kindly and charmingly attentive,that he soon forgot his shyness and felt at ease. Unconsciously

he found himself listening with more than common interest to Elsa when she told of her struggle in accepting the gospel.

"It was a great trial,"she said. "I knew the gospel was

true, but how could I leave all my friends and join a small, despised people, as the 'Mormons'were? and then, you know, Elder

Donaldson, what a place the first elders had to hold meetings in.

It was a small, dingy room, the only entrance to v:hich was up a

rickety, narrow, illsmelling back stairway. I was actually

frightened the first time I went there. Why, I thought, didn't the

'Mormons'have clean, welllighted chapels, located on pleasant.streets, the same as other sects had? Of course, I soon learned the

reason, but that didn't make it any easier for me. Then the people

began to talk, and the school officials came to me. They reasoned

ROMANCE OF A MISSIONARY. 191

with me, first kindly, and then with more vehemence; but I promised them nothing. When I was fully convinced that 'Mormonism'

I amis the truth, I was baptized.—Well, that was a year ago, and

still teaching. Everybody said that the day I joined the 'Mormons'

would mark my discharge, and I would have thought so myself but for a promise one of the elders gave me. A good many people

have already told me that they admired the stand I took in not resigning my position, as some said I would be forced to do."

AndWillard Dean was now among those admirers, although he did not tell her so.

The evening passed rapidly as they talked. Bessie had slipped

from her chair down to a low stool, and resting her head upon her mother's knee, she looked up first into one face and then into another. Elder Dean received the closest scrutiny, because, of

course, he was a new elder. Bessie was quiet for fully ten

minutes at a a record for her. Elsa did most of the time—quite

talking, and the rich, clear English accent was music.to Willard

Dean.

That night, as the two missionaries were going to their lodgings, Elder Donaldson asked:

"Well, what do you think of them?"

''They are lovely people,"was Willard's reply.

"And especially Sister Elsa, eh?"

"She is a lovely girl, certainly."

"What did I tell you? I warned you!"

"Have I done or said anything to deserve your 'I told you "so?'"No, but—""Well, I know my duty, brother."

Nevertheless, that night was somewhat wakeful to Willard

Dean. That he had been impressed with Elsa Fernley's beauty of

face and form, heart and soul, he could not deny, and yet he feared to admit it, even to himself. It must not be, he said to

himself emphatically. He must not in the least give way. What

had the mission president said to them when he had given them their instructions? "Remember,"were the words, "there is to

be no love making while you are upon this mission. If any elder

is caught courting, home he goes. You cannot court and do your

192 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

duty at the same time."But why should he worry? He was not

courting and never would; and yet he was not wholly at ease.

Elsa Fernley's voice rang in his ears; he saw her beaming eyes,

and felt the goodnight pressure of her hand.

This much of Willard Dean must be explained: He never had

been what is termed a "ladies'man."As a boy, he had been shy

and awkward; as a young man, he had never been a favorite with

the girls. Something about him seemed to repel the girls of his

set. He had not even learned to dance. He blundered with the

girls. When he tried to be gallant, he made some awkward mistakes and was laughed at. He never had a sweetheart. He had

never "kept company"with any young lady longer than a week.

As he grew older he had become acutely conscious of this seeming lack in his composition, and so he had studiedly kept away from society. He attended his meetings, he went to the ward reunions

and sociables, but otherwise he stayed at home, on the farm, or in the house with a book.

Once—only once—had Willard's heart been seriously entangled. Grace Wells was a neighbor's daughter. They had been

children together; but when Grace was eighteen, she had gone to

Salt Lake City to attend school and study music. They had seen

very little of each other for a number of years, but Willard watched her grow into a fine, accomplished young woman. She

could play classical music, and would rather not attempt her oldtime melodies, which father and mother and Willard understood and enjoyed. The last time she had been at home—it was about

a year before he had left on his mission—Willard became earnest

in his attentions to her. She had always treated him well, but this

time he was sure that she encouraged him. The dream—for it

proved to be a dream only—lasted a week, but the waking effects

were with him yet.

Many and many a time Willard had watched the girls bestow their smiles upon the other boys, but his own hearthunger was never satisfied. He had tried not to care. He had reasoned with

himself, but after all, a feeling cannot be reasoned away. Time,

with accompanying work and changed environment, had made Willard reconciled to his lot.

What, then, would be the inevitable to such a young man.

ROMANCE OF A MISSIONARY. 19;:

when such a girl as Elsa Fernley beamed on him with eyes that pierced his soul? As far as he could see, Elsa was the peer of

any girl he knew. She was bright, accomplished, beautiful. She

was good and true, and loyal to the truth. Who of the girls at

home would make the sacrifices for the gospel that she had made?

Was it any wonder that while the little clock ticked away the hours that Saturday night, Willard Dean lay wide awake until past midnight?

The next morning they met again at Sunday School. Next

to the elders, it was plainly evident that Elsa Fernley was the leading spirit of the little school. She was organist, and class

leader of the intermediate department. Willard could not keep

his eyes from her, try as he would. After the school, the Saints

stood around in groups and talked. The elders did not go home

with the Fernleys for dinner, but after the evening meeting a group of young people accompanied Willard to Sister Fernley 's, where they had supper, and afterwards music and singing. Elder

Donaldson spent the evening with some gospel investigators.

That night, in his secret prayer, Willard talked plainly with the Lord. He told the Lord that he was in danger; for right

here, at the beginning of his mission, he saw a danger more real and greater than had yet come to him. Tracting and street

preaching were little trials of faith and courage; being insulted

by the prejudiced and unthinking did not now worry him; but here

was something which, if permitted to grow, might lead to disastrous results. He must not give way to the beautiful vision which

seemed to be knocking at the gate of his heart, desiring to be admitted. No matter how hungry his soul might be, he must

refuse to eat And the Lord heard the young man's prayer, and he was given peace of heart, and strength according to his day.

[to be continued.]

THE BOY PROBLEM.

BY DR. E. G. GOWANS, JUDGE OF THE JUVENILE COURT.

JUVENILE FAULTS.

In the preface to his great work on Adolescence, G. Stanley

Hall says:

Statistics show more sects and more clergymen per capita of population than in any other land, and a rapidly progressive ignorance by the rising generation of the very Bible we profess to revere. Churches, charities, missions

abound, but our slums are putrefying sores whose denizens anthropologists believe lower in the moral and intellectual scale than any known race of savages; and

the percentages of juvenile crimes and the average age of first commitment grow citeadily earlier. We have vastly simplified politics by separating church

and state, but we have also permitted a chasm to yawn between oar secular and religious life, between science and theology, till even seminaries for the training of clergymen neglect and even suspect the study of nature, as if God did one thing in his works and said another in his word; when, in fact, each supplements and is an imperfect thing without the other.

The greatest thing on earth is a fully developed man or woman. A boy is the raw material out of which the man is made.

What the man will be depends first upon the stock—heredity; and

second, upon the influences which surround him—environment. It

is to this latter that I would call the attention of the reader, because in the modification of the boy's environment, lies our immediate responsibility.

A careful study of statistics will convince us that there is going on a steady increase of crime of all kinds among juveniles particularly at about the age of 12 or 14 years. Truants constitute

the youngest class of offenders. Next comes a group of offenders

who are guilty of malicious mischief, incorrigibility and trespass.

.

THE BOY PROBLEM. 195

the maximum age being about 14 years: fifteen is the age for

larceny, vagrancy, assaults, and disorderly conduct. Burglary and

intoxication follow at sixteen, and at seventeen fornication and other sexual crimes.

The difficulty which youth has always found in adjusting itself to social surroundings is no doubt responsible, primarily, for juvenile crime, and we will no doubt find that the great increase that is taking place is due to the constantly changing and ever increasing complexity of our social surroundings. Probably every

normal adult has felt the impulse to a nomadic or wandering life.

Let this same impulse appear in the boy's life, at a time when there is no feeling of responsibility to restrain,and combine it with the revulsion which nearly every boy feels at times against the rigid and more or less unnatural requirements of the modern school, and we have sufficient cause for the truancy and the runaways. So, too,

the crimes which reach their maximum at fourteen and fifteen may be explained by the existence of a feeling of resistance to the institution of private feeing of almost all adults. property—another

We cannot help but feel the injustice of an industrial system which encourages private ownership, instead of brotherhood, community interest, and stewardship. The crimes against persons

which appear later are more difficult to account for, but I am persuaded that the chief cause lies in arrested development and degeneration. This would take us quite into the field of heredity, and

it is not the purpose to touch upon this phase of the subject, at thistime, although it holds out to us very great interest and inducement..

The criminal class, as a whole, has a crude system of philosophy and rude standards of ethics and morality of its own. These

are expressed fairly well in the phrase, "The world owes me a living, and I am going to get it."It is quite impossible for us to

estimate the attractiveness of this theory or standard to the youth who is starting out with a poor hereditary equipment—in fact,

it becomes a genuine infatuation to those who are innately criminal

Most truancies and runaways are a protest against unnatural methods of education. Just at this age the boy does not like to

have his freedom abridged. He has a hunger for outof-door life,

and now begins to have new interest in men and nature. So he

196 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

protests, and the most effectual way to do so is to get away from what he dislikes. The schools do but little to satisfy the inherent

demand for physical activity, and the boy finally acquires a genuine hatred for the school. Why do we not look the matter squarely

in the face, and not try to fit the boy into a theoretical place which we have made for him?

The boy who leaves home, runs away, is an embryo tramp.

Any place else than "here"has a peculiar charm for him. He

drifts into shiftlessness and finally crime. If he commits a crime

and moves on to another locality, he is not found out, and so he is still further encouraged. This tendency to travel is almost universal, and, as Hall says, it "should be an indispensable part of

every life curriculum, just before settlement, to travel far and wide, if resources and inclination permit. But this stage should

end in wisely chosen settlement, where the young life can be independently developed, and that with more complacency and satisfaction, because the place has been wisely chosen on the basis of a wide comparison. The chronic vagrant has simply failed to develop

the reductives of this normal stage."

Concerning lying, we have observed in the Juvenile Court, that many boys think it honorable to lie for a friend? Others tell

lies from instinct and weakness; others, for selfdefense; others,

from vanity in getting the better of others; others, out of selfishness, imitation, revenge, jealousy, envy, fancy or laziness. This

classification of the motives for lying is given by Ferriani, who studied the lying traits of five hundred condemned juveniles.

Stealing is no doubt due in young children to lack of knowledge of what ownership means. Children ordinarily in the home

may help themselves to whatever they need or desire. To change

from this almost communal state to one in which individual ownership is fully rocognized, is a very difficult thing for the child.

Out of this difficulty of adjustment grows much of the delinquency of early youth. Thieving is indulged in by adults to satisfy a

seeming passion, but among children, it is to satisfy some immediate want. There is a curious note to make concerning stealing

among boys and thieves are hardly ever reformed, girls—girl

while boys are more amenable to reform measures. Nearly all

thieves are expert liars.

THE BOY PROBLEM. 197

This is not the place to discuss the sexual crimes, prostitution, or suicide, but we would find causes for these crimes that if better understood by parents, in many instances could be removed or reduced to a minimum.

This study or search for the causes of juvenile crime is as interesting as it is important, and it is important because whatever effort we put forth to cure, we must seek first to remove the causes. Chief among these causes we must mention heredity and

bad prenatal conditions, bad homes, disease during childhood, which is responsible for much of the arrested development, overcrowding and necessary promiscuity (as in a recent case investigated by the Juvenile Court, where the father, mother and seven children were living practically in one room), homelessness, and a condition in which there is but one parent or none in the home, due to divorce, separation or death. Some say that ignorance is

one great cause of crime. If that were true, the work of the

schools would have lessened youthful crime, which it has not done.

Many teachers claim that all that is necessary is to train the intellect, but on this point we can get something to think about in the remark of Hall, ''that we ought to confess that youthful crime is an expression of educational failure."

What I plead for is a more careful study of these things by parents, in order that they may better qualify themselves to deal with individual cases that may arise in their families, and in order, too,that they may better devote themselves to the work of preventing juvenile crimes. I wish I could write that word -prevention indelibly

in the heart of every father and mother in the land. It is a thousand times better than cure. Concerning the curative work, some

of which must necessarily be done, it can be said that in dealing with youthful offenders particularly, vengeance and punishment are no longer the things most sought for,but simply the reformation of the offender, that he may no longer be dangerous to the community, and that he may become a useful citizen. Reform,

then, is the object to be attained; and that cannot be attained by

criminal codes, and skilfully designed punishments, but by bettering the prenatal conditions, improving the hereditary equipment of the individual, making better homes, preventing the diseases of childhood, improving the social and sociological conditions of the 198 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

individual and the community, stemming the craze for divorce, and separation of parents; and last, but not least, establishing

better industrial conditions, so that every person who labors shall receive as nearly as may be, the full product of his labor, and thus avoid the extremes of wealth and poverty, which are both more potent causes of crime than most of us are willing to admit.

To the above might consistently be added, furnishing to parents, guardians, custodians, and teachers of the youth, a better understanding of the period of adolescence, which would bring with it a greater sympathy with youth and a greater desire to minister to youth during the critical period when frequently, by mere accident of circumstances and a brief temperamental outbreak, those who are capable of the very best that is in man are condemned to lives of crime.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

-mmm

*:. - -''

''* HRi m Hif its

APPLE PrCKERS ON FRUIT FARM OF J. G. LAMBERT, LE GRANDE, OREGON.

SPIRITUAL GROWTH,

BY N. L. MONSON.

Remember, to be carnally minded is death, and to be spiritually minded is life eternal. (II Nephi, 9: 39).

The value and need of spiritual growth can not be emphasized too strongly. Upon it depend, not only our future welfare, but

our present usefulness and happiness. It is of vast -importance

to us, individually and collectively, and yet this development is greatly neglected. We are trained so as to become experts in all

branches of science and art, so that our usefulness in material things may be enhanced, and we may be prepared to delve deeper into the mysterious forces of nature, but the science that prepares man to communicate with the Fountain of Wisdom, is often overlooked. It is true that our spiritual vision may be sharpened and

our souls so schooled that we may be in communication with beings of a higher order. I am not advocating spiritualism, in the

sense of the day, by which, in darkened rooms and by aid of mediums, communication is sought with departed friends. The kind of

spiritualism I am urging is the kind that comes from righteous living, pure thoughts, and unselfish deeds, where man can seek his

Maker in the solitude of nature, pour out his soul in humble prayer, and receive needed strength and comfort. Perhaps no other class

of the human family has developed the sense of sight to such an extent as the American Indian. The slightest scratch upon the

earth, a broken twig, the disarranged foliage, or the twisting of a blade of grass, never escapes his watchful eye; and he can rapidly

follow a trail where a person of less ability is unable to find a single trace of a passerby. This skill was not attained in a day.

-lUU IMPROVEMENT ERA.

neither in a year, nor yet in one generation, but by persistently cultivating this power, each generation handing down to its successors the skill acquired through inheritance and years of patient toil, until it has become as easy for an Indian to discover a hidden trail, as it is for us to follow a railroad track. Their method of

life demanded such skill. Their very existence depended upon it,

and thus it became part of their very lives.

The dangers that sought the Indian in his native haunts are not greater than those which lie in wait for every son and daughter of God. Indeed, the one can not be compared with the other.

The foes of the red man sought only for his scalp and his hunting grounds, but the foe of humanity seeks the destruction of souls, more precious than temporal life or gold. If the untutored savage

may train his senses to such a high degree that they become his staff and his guide through life, why cannot we, who claim a much higher intelligence, school our souls to receive counsel from a higher source, more than willing to serve as our guide?

To the frontiersman, who was unskilled in woodcraft, the forest held many dangers, and he often fell victim to the skilfully laid ambush of his foe; while, if his eye had been trained to see

the snares, he would have avoided many dangers.

The enemy of mankind has laid siege against the souls of men.

His reserve forces are skilfully ambushed, while his main force attacks us upon all sides; but we are not left unguarded, save where,

through sin, a breach has been made in our fortress. We are constantly surrounded by legions of friends who are doing all in their

power to lead us safely through the narrow defiles; and by the ambush of our foe. But, alas! too often we are not aware of the

help extended toward us. Like the unskilled frontiersman, we

cannot read the language of the forest. Often through neglect

and wilful wrongdoing we have grieved those who were trying to help us, until they have turned from us in sorrow, and we are left to grope alone. Others have seen no need of this spiritual guidance, and consequently have left their talent undeveloped, so that

when the hour of trial came, and they finally sought Divine aid, they were not able to receive answer, because they could not read the language of the prompter. On the other hand, those who have

sought spiritual development, will have brought their souls into.:

SPIRITUAL GROWTH. 201

harmony with those who are set to watch over us, and when, through life's journey, the ambush of the enemy is approached, the ''still small voice"is heard, sounding a warning, and the danger point may be passed in safety.

As the sense of sight has been developed with the red man, so can we, through constant effort, develop a spirituality that will place us in communion with our Maker, so that like the "man of old,"we may at last "walk and talk with God."

Pleasant Grove, Utah.

THE WORLD.

{For the Improvement Era.)

There is so much in this great world.

My soul grows sick with looking at the ways

That wind and knot and part to meet again,

And part again, and knot and wind and'fade.

Children of fashion; children of the streets

Children of fashion hiding hungry hearts,

Children of fashion steeped in sordid thoughts.

Children of fashion crying for the light,

Children of fashion careless of the dark

Children of gutters starving for kind words,

Children of gutters starving for dry bread,

Children of gutters hiding hungry hearts,

Children of gutters, steeped in sordid thoughts,

Children of gutters crying for the light,

Children of gutters careless of the dark.

God! to see the way this heaving mass

Goes by with smiles and tear 3, (and fewer smiles!)

Laughing and cursing, (and cursing more!)

What can one puny mind do in the whirl?

What use one weakling arm to sway the tide?

Ho! stand with arms rockribbed! There's a wave

That washes rock to powder. Set your will

In purpose fixed, as is the brain that willed

Fixed in the skull. The sea flings wide a corpse

And cares not if it rot on putrid sands.

Kate Thoma.-

New York City, N. Y.

THE WORLD'S GREAT RELIGIONS.

BY PROFESSOR LEVI EDGAR YOUNG, OF THE UNIVERSITY OF UTAH.

I.

INTRODUCTION.

The religion of the Latterday Saints is an absolute religion, for it embraces all truth. We who defend it see in it salvation

for the race, and the redemption of God's children from all sin.

However, all religions have some truth. All religions have some

great future life in view.

As a people, we are characterized by our zeal in missionary work. Our brethren go into all the world to preach the gospel, so

we naturally deem it necessary that the missionaries understand the fundamentals of all religions, religions especially that have played such tremendous parts in history. By knowing them, the

brethren become more tolerant, for it opens up a bond of sympathy between them and the foreign races. If we have the new

and everlasting gospel, it is good for all God's children, for, it will be received by all, but only in accordance with their reason and intelligence. The more we know, the better it is. People

have little confidence in a teacher who knows but his own. It

means that his belief is not the result of careful consideration of all other beliefs. The greatest good done to a people is by the

teacher who thoroughly understands them, and their religious status. Other reasons will be evident to the thoughtful person,

not the least of which will be the fact that by learning all we can.

THE WORLD'S GREAT RELIGIONS. 203

of the world, we are making ourselves stronger in our own faith, for, ''knowledge is power."

BRAHMANISM.

India, the home of the Brahmans, is full of beautiful rivers and wondrous mountains. The Himalayas, on the north, are the

highest in the world, and may be seen for miles through the transparent air. In the valleys and the lower regions, the climate is

warm and the vegetation luxuriant. It is a land of the lemon,

the orange, the vine, and the olive. In the days of sunshine, the

sky is a rich blue, and the trees and flowers are brilliant. All

nature reflects those delicate tints which one sees only in the warmer climes. At evening everything suggests the lines of

Edward Griggs:

"Mountain heights are glowing in red and golden,

Softly falls the evening o'er the valley,

Hesper brightly shines in the glow of sunset,

Everywhere is peace."

India has always been a land of mysticism. A country full of

nature's best gifts produces a people more or less emotional and idealistic, and therefore the Hindoos have ever been an extremely sensitive and deeply religious people. They came originally from the country that borders on the Caspian sea, when the

great IndoEuropean stock broke up, and wandered to the fourquarters of the earth. Yet, strange to say, when the Hindoos

crossed the headwaters of the Indus river, ages before the coming of Christ, they found a native people whom they had to conquer.

Then it was that they became a pastoral people, and built their cities and their homes just as all other primitive people have done

They had a religion, and though pristine in its nature, it satisfied their souls. All great world religions are more or less spiritual.

Brahmanism is no exception to the rule. It bred in the people an

idealism which was to free the pure spirit from the power and influence of matter. Therefore, the God of the Brahmans was, and

remains to this day, an absolutely universal divine power that permeates all created things. To Brahm itself no sacrifices are offered.

It is the substantial unity of all things, and cannot be discerned by the senses. Says the German, Hegel, "If a Brahman is asked

[04 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

what Brahm is, he answers, 'When I fall back within myself, and close all external senses and say om to myself, that is Brahm.'

Om is a mystic syllable which represents the three highest gods, which form a sort of trinity. Before one can pronounce this

sacred word, one must be in perfect harmony with god, or Brahm.

One must be free from the influence of materiality."

To the ordinary reader, this god of the Brahmans is a very abstract thing. But. the god of all oriental people is only fanciful;

hence, all eastern religions are pantheistic. The aweinspiring

things of nature become gods,—the sun, the moon, the stars, the

Ganges, etc. History teaches us that the more abstract the idea

of God is among a people, the more they are given up to ceremonii''s and conventional forms in religion. The Brahmans have

their inferior deities, but Brahm remains the final Essence. The

inferior deities represent the elements, as Indra, air; Agni, fire;

Varuna, water; Prithivi, earth. Then, as I have said, the heavenly

bodies are deified. Such a system of gods produces a terrible

superstition. There are good and evil spirits in nature, fierce

giants and huge serpents. The moral soul of man comes in contact with them all. He is tormented by them, but he must learn

from them, for who knows but that he might become one of these terrible demons, or spirits in time to come?

What is the practical part of the Brahman religion? The

question is not hard to answer. The rituals occupy a great part

of the Hindoo code. Sacrifice is the most important act whereby

man attains his highest end. According to Dr. Hopkins of Bryn

Mawr College, the Hindoos believe that all the gods were once human, but in time became divine, because of their sacrifices in life. Fearful but voluntary suff'ering brought them to where

they are. So with the individual. Every act of his is pregnant

with consequences which result in a rigidity of living and a sacrifice of the material self, that has never been equalled even by the ascetics of the middle ages.

There are four distinct classes or casts in India, and each class has its peculiar rites and ceremonies. The Brahmans are the

highest class, and in a sense are divine. They have won divine

powers at least, and are the interpreters of the Vedaic scriptures, the sacred books of the Hindoos. The Brahmans have their ele-

.

THE WORLD'S GREAT RELIGIONS. 205

vated position by birthright. All others have to win their position

with tite gods. The Hindoo of any of the lower classes must

therefore reverence the Brahman as a divine soul. He must fall

down before him and exclaim, *'Thou art God."The Sudras

are the lowest class. They were always the serfs, and are perhaps descendants of the original settlers of the soil of India, who

were captured by the Hindoos. The Sudras are not allowed to

read the scriptures, nor even hear them read.

The Brahman has many strange duties. He must take a

morning bath in some river. His body must be kept clean, and

his garments white. If he meet a man of inferior station, he must

immediatelypurifyhimself by bathing. At certain stated times he is

never to look at the sun, and while bathing he is never to go quite naked. The Brahman has five distinct duties during the

day, viz., study the scriptures, make oblations to the deities, give

rice to living creatures, receive guests with respect, and make oblations to the Manes. The Manes are the sacred fathers of the

earth, who have become divine, and who aid the gods in looking after the good of the earth. The reading of the Vedas must be

carefully done, and all entertainment of strangers must be done with pure motives. Every class has its peculiar rites and ceremonies. At the birth of a child, there are certain ceremonies to

be performed. All classes, except the serfs, must know the

scriptures, and live as free from materiality as possible

The Vaisya are the free agriculturists and merchants; the

Kshatriya, the judges and soldiers. Both classes share with the

Brahman the privilege of reading the scriptures, but the Brahman must explain all the passages and principles of religion. The

Brahmans have always had high ethical laws. Their gods are the

spirits of light. There are also demons of darkness. Man is free

to choose the evil or the good, so he has many duties, if he struggles for right. He must show good works with faith, he must be

truthful and unselfish. He must not be a thief, a glutton, or a

murderer. He must pray at certain fixed times, and do sacrifice.

Our knowledge of the moral law of the Hindoos comes from the Vedas and their great national epics, the Mahabharata and the

Ramayana. Both poems relate to the powerful tribes of northern

India, who lived about 1,200 B.C. The Ramayana is extremely

206 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

tragic, but it exhales a spirit of sweetness not often surpassed by our literature of today. The poem begins with a description of a

righteous city, where dwelt a pure people:

Neighbors lived in human kindness, helpful with their ample wealth,

None who begged the wasted refuse, none who lived by fraud and stealth.

Cheat and braggart and deceiver lived not in the ancient town,

Proud despisers of the lowly wore not insults in their frown.

Poorer fed not on the richer, hireling friend upon the great,

None with low and lying accents did upon the proud man wait.

Men to plighted vows were faithful, faithful was each loving wife,

Impure thought and wandering fancy stained not holy wedded life.

Twiceborn men were free from passion, lust of gold and impure greed.

Faithful to their rites and scriptures, truthful in their word and deed.

An idealistic purity, this. A purity that lies at the very root

of Brahmanism The Brahmans believe in the transmigration of souls. The soul

has three qualities, goodness, passion, darkness. Good souls become deities; but those given to passion, boxers, wrestlers, warriors, kings, etc. Those whose thoughts are steeped in darkness

enter the bodies of lower animals, as worms, snakes, horses, dogs, and camels. Transmigration is necessary, for souls must receive

rewards for their deeds. Strange doctrine! The Brahmans have

their scriptures, or books of holy writ. They are the Vedas. They

teach the unity of God, and the moral law, whereby a Brahman may become a God. They are a collection of hymns and poems,

something like the Greek Iliad and Odyssey. They date some fifteen centuries before the Christian era. There are other sacred

writings, and a literature of great worth, among which are the

Mahabharata and the Ramayana, already mentioned.

There are today some two hundred and fifty millions who follow the religion of Brahma. They are mostly confined to India and

islands of the Indian ocean. Buddhism is to Brahmanism what

Protestantism is to Roman Catholicism in our own history. Buddhism will be the subject of our next paper.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

A CHRISTMAS PSALM.

(For the Improvement Era.)

Up through the shadowed centuries of time,

The swelling echo of a song sublime,

Breaks o'er the troubled earth this Christmas tide,

And scatters peace, good will, on every side.

High in the realms of bliss the music rings,

Deep in the heart of man its message clings;

And time shall never cease to roll along,

The neverending glory of that song.

Dumb lips of bells awake with righteous glee,

And hurl the welcome strain o'er land and sea;

And hearts vibrate with ecstasy and love,

And harmony divine, like that above.

Its magic spirit charms the loving eye,

And lifts it to that star of faith on high.

Which lights the path wise men have ever gone,

Through life's dim night, unto eternal dawn.

When rings the anthem of Judea's hills,

Rare visions flood the soul, the bosom thrills,

And eyes, the holy scenes would fain prolong.

Which cluster 'round the memory of that song.

Sweet, soulenchanting message from above,

Ring till the hearts of men are tuned with love

Thrill, 'till tongues cf all his name confess.

Who died a fallen world to save and bless.

Wake, mortal lips, and chant the psalm of yore.

While angels throng upon the golden shore:

And tune their silvery harp—their voices raise.

In songs of triumph to the Master's praise.

"Glory forever, be to God on high,"

Oh, swell the melody from earth to sky,

While heaven echoes back the joy again, "O'er all the earth be peace, good will to men!"

Ci.Ei;(; IN OLD KYOTO, JAPAN.

HY HON. FRANK J. HEWLETT,"FORMERLY PRESIDENT OF THE CITY

COUNCIL.

"Let us stop off at Kyoto, the capital of old Japan, and enjoy a day of real pleasure during the Cherry Blossom Festival."

'* Agreed,"was the unanimous response.

Four foreigners sat talking in a coach of the Tokaido railway train that had just left Osaka, bound for Yokohama. The party

consisted of Roger Sedgewick, a bright young Englishman, who had just resigned his position as teacher of mathematics in the family of the King of Siam. He had lived at Bangkok for the last

five years, and was now on his way to London, i;ia China, Japan and

the United States. Alexander Carr, a clerk of the Bank of England, having saved up part of his earnings, was using it to good

advantage by taking a trip around the world, seeing the sights and regaining his lost health. Rev. James Stocking, the third

party, had just been released from presiding over his little flock of a small parish in India. He was on an eight months'furlough,

expenses paid, to visit his relatives in London, whom he had not seen for over nine years: was fortythree years old, but looked

nearly sixty. Your humble servant completed the quartette.

A few minutes later we arrived at the Kyoto station, which is on the southern outskirts, while to the northeast and west stand out the great ranges of rugged hills, which form an ideal background to the delightful picture presented by the city nestling in among the green fields and denselywooded slopes. With a rush,

nearly twenty jinrikishas came forward; the sturdy little Japs drop

the shafts in a circle around, and with cries of "rikisha, rikisha,''.

IN OLD KYOTO, JAPAN. 209

plead with you in the few words of English they can muster, to enter their overgrown baby carriage. We selected four that had

red banners on which were printed in gold letters, "Miyako

Hotel."One's sensations upon first riding in one of these vehicles are peculiar, and few can preserve a serious countenance while bein trundled through the narrow streets by a little brown man, with light pants reaching only to the knees, and a mushroom hat. The

distance from the station to the hotel is about four miles. We soon

learned that Kyoto affords a better opportunity of viewing Japanese life, customs and scenery than any other city in the empire.

The introduction of European improvements elsewhere has been attended with such radical changes that old Japan is in danger of being obliterated; but Kyoto, partly because of the nature of its

industries, still retains much of the beauty for which it has been famed for more than a thousand years.

Kyoto, meaning "the capital,"the residence of the emperor, has been closely associated with the imperial family since A. D

PORCELAIN STORES, KlYOMIZU 210 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

794. The city stands one hundred and sixtytwo feet above

the level of the sea, and covers an area of about eleven square miles. Its inhabitants number about three hundred and seventyfive

thousand, all natives, with the exception of about a hundred foreigners. Our "boys"kept up a continued trot, and vied with

each other which should lead.

Now we.are going through "teapot lane,"with its scores

of quaint china shops. Just in front of us is a native tugging at

a cartload of wood which in America would be considered plenty for a goodsized horse to pull. With a yell of "hi! hi!"they dart

to the left of him, just missing by a hair's breadth a collision.

Next we are passing over a picturesque old bridge that spans the silvery waters of the Kamo river. Everybody is working—the

Japanese could consistently use the beehive for their emblem.

The merchants are sweeping the streets in front of their shops.

They also keep them well sprinkled by means of a wooden dipper with a long handle.

If there are no customers to wait on, they manufacture more articles to sell, in plain view of the passer by.

THE SANJOBRIDGE, KYOTO.

IN OLD KYOTO, JAPAN. 211

There are no loafers to block the street corner, as a little brown policeman with blue uniform, with plenty of brass buttons, touches them with his long sword and moves them along.

After passing the imperial palace, pagodas and shrines, we are nearing the foothills where our hotel is located. It is the

early part of May, and nature is at her best. The azaleas, wistaria and cherry trees are blossoming everywhere; and while their

fragrance, to my mind, is not so delightful as our violet and rose, the colors are as rich and with as delicate tints as the most fastidious might wish for.

Nomura San, the proprietor of the Mijako, with a polite bow, welcomed us to his hostelry. After writing our names on the register, American fashion, we were directed to our rooms by a dainty

little maid, dressed in a bright colored kimona, who toddled along in front of us. We were up bright and early next morning. After

a short consultation with Mr. Hamaguchi, the manager, our itinerary for the day was arranged. The four ''boys"were on deck

with their rikishas, that brought us from the railroad station, their faces beaming with smiles. One of them, who could talk a little

English,was appointed leader, and with a bow received his instructions. By the way, all male servants are called "boy"in the

Orient, whether their age be eight or seventy, but as it happened ours were young, sturdy fellows. As we were about to depart, the

maid presented us each with a new wooden box, about the size of delicious ona it was,a brick, which contained our tiffin (lunch)—a

as we proved afterwards.

The first number on the program was to shoot the HodzuGawa rapids, for. it is an experience which every visitor to Kyoto desires

to go through. After a thirty minutes ride we arrived at the Nijo

station, from where we take the train to Kameoka, which requires about one hour. During the latter part of the time we travel just

above the river. With a slight tension we form an idea of what

to expect on the down trip. The railroad from Saga to Kameoka

passes through eight long tunnels. The construction of these

called for considerable engineering skill. From Kameoka station

to the boat house, is about fifteen minutes walk. As the river

was high on account of a heavy rain, we had no difficulty in hiring a boat. The ladies in the different parties were warned by the

212 IMPROVEMENl ERA.

guides not to take the trip, as it would be attended with more danger than pleasure,, but to return the next day when the water would be subsided. The boats are large, broad in the beam, and

have flat bottoms. The passengers are accommodated with chairs,

and occupy the middle part. The crew generally number four

men, with long poles which they were expert in handling, and they steered the frail craft between the rocks. Seated on our chairs

with bamboo matting wrapped around us for protection from the wet, we were ready to start.

"Can you swim?"I asked of the Rev. Stocking. -

He replied with a grim smile, "I do not care for a baath just now. It would be very inconvenient."

For the first five or ten minutes the boat is paddled along the slowly moving stream, and there is nothing absorbing even in the scenery, but then the fun begins. Talk about shooting the chutes,

riding around a ferris wheel, or being bumped on a scenic railway, is, if you want real thrilling sport.they are no comparisons—that

A miniature Niagara Falls is just ahead. Rocks with churning water

all around seem to stand out right across the river. The boat

gives a sudden jump as it approaches, our chairs collapse; myself

and companions lay in a huddled mass in the bottom of the boat.

Before we had time to realize what is happening, it is swirling along, escaping destruction by a couple of inches here and perhaps only by one inch there, with the bottom bending up as it grates over a rock; a flying leap through space, which seemed a mile to

us. We drop with a splash—splash—splash, in the seething

waters below. A few moments later we are gently gliding in the

running stream beyond, all happening within three hundred yards.

We sat up, rubbed the water out of our eyes, and there standing in the same places as though they were glued there, were our boatmen, grinning at our ludicrous position. The parson looked

scared, while some of the others wished they were on terra firma.

We glided along gently for a mile or so, and were just considering whether to take our seats again, when the man at the front sounded a note of warning, "Look—bad—bad."Once more

the rocks loomed up again in the distance, which to us looked as big as mountains, and we imagined we could hear the awful roar of the water as it fiercely rolled over them. We ground our teeth

IN OLD KYOTO, JAPAN. 213'

together, looked mournfully at each other, shut our eyes, waited for what was to come. It was the same experience over again,

only more severe, for this time we were soaked by the water that flowed into the boat. Three or four times this happened, and in a

lesser degree many more. The rugged mountains on either side

are thickly wooded with pine and cryptomeria trees, for Arashiyama is renowned throughout the empire for its wealth of flowers and cherry blossoms at that season, also for its natural grandeur throughout the whole year. The excitement of shooting the rapids

being over, we once more took our seats, enjoying the delightful scenery as we floated down the stream to Saga, where our boys with their rikishas had come to meet us.

A run around in the sun soon dried our clothing. Our dainty

tifiin quickly vanished with the keen appetite that the trip developed. After watching the natives carry the boats over to the

train to be hauled back above the rapids, we are ready for the return trip. The ride home is through a beautiful country; now we

are in a bamboo grove, a few minutes later passing through a fragrant tea garden, just at the right time to pick some of the tender buds that are sprouting from the tops of the bushes. Next we go

through some rice fields that are laid off in squares like a checker board; for a fence, only a ridge of dirt is used to denote the

boundary lines between each tiny farm.

The next stop is at the Buddhist Temple of Hongwanji, one of the largest and most imposing in Kyoto. The large trees in the

court yard surrounding the temple with their outspreading branches, many of which would reach one hundred yards, were braced up by strong props set on solid masonry. We were informed that

they were planted about the year 1471. After removing our

shoes, we were allowed to enter. In making a tour of inspection,

visitors are first led into the apartments, and shown what is reputed to be one of the finest collections of decorative art in the city. The names of the different chambers are taken from the

subjects pictorially represented, such as stork, chrysanthemums, wild geese, etc., all superbly executed on dullgold background,

which gives a particularly rich effect. The first rooms, decorated

with sparrows and bamboos, is where we registered. When I

wrote. Salt Lake City, U. S. A., the parson said:

214 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

"Why bless me, if that isn't where the 'Mormons'live!"

Further on we come to a wooden door with a large, beautiful painting of three monkeys on one side. One had its hand

pressed over each ear; a second, over the eyes; the third, so as toseal the lips. The explanation was—"Hear no evil"—"See no

evil."evil"—Speak no

Next was the chrysanthemum room, with fans painted on the ceiling. There was another wooden door decorated with muskrats; on the reverse side, with horses; and yet another door with a

cat looking in eight different directions. Close by is the Shirojo-

in, in suite; the third, or lower room of which is ornamented with

peacocks both on the screens and ramma. Chinese subjects are depicted in the other two rooms; while at the back of the raised part

shows one of the Chinese emperors giving audience to his subjects.

Outside the Shirojo-in is the "Nodance"stage.

The painting in the small room beyond represents an ancient hunt, and quite near the door, showing the bloody deed which caused Kurodani to renounce the world and retire to the Kumagai monastery. Then comes the stork room, the largest and most

gorgeous of all, containing two hundred and fifty mats. At the

rear of the higher portion, are magnificent Chinese pictures. The

storks, after which the room is called, are painted on the side screens, while the ramma is carved with cranes. Returning to our starting

point, by a different way, are many paintings on wood—a dragon,

a white tiger—but all more or less defaced, and passed with a

mere glance. Many of the floors when trodden upon give out a

creaking sound, which (to Japanese ears) resembles the song of a nightingale. The main hall, erected about one hundred and fifty

years ago, contains an image of Amida, several sacred tablets, and pictures of many celebrated priests.

The Daishido dates from 1645, and apart from its size and massive construction, is chiefly of interest owing to the sitting image of KenshinDaishi, carved by himself. This is especially revered, as after his death it is said to have been smeared over with

the ashes from his cremated body. The Daishdo also contains

portraits of all the dead abbots, the forefathers of Count Otani, the present lord abbot of the Hongwanji, the typical temple we were now visiting.

IN OLD KYOTO, JAPAN. 215

Our next stop was at the Higashi Hongwanji. This huge

temple is larger than any other in Kyoto, and probably the largest in the empire; and covers an area of fortyfive thousand square feet.

The portion set apart for worshipers has five hundred and fifty mats, the great chancel extending from end to end accounts for the rest of the space. The decorations are massive, but no particular feature, with one exception, attracted our attention. This

was an alcove draped with heavy curtains; as they were slightly

withdrawn, we witnessed a sight that slightly savored of the Chamber of Horrors. There were twentyfive coils of rope, each ninety feet long, six inches in circumference, and made entirely from

human hair. They were kept in the temple godowns (sheds for

building material) and at the time of construction were used to haul the timbers into position. Ordinary hemp rope would have

served the purpose equally well, but sentiment enters very largely into the lives of Japanese. The women had no money, they had

practically nothing but their hair, so they sacrificed that to show their sympathy for their religion.

The next place my companions desired to see was Teji, one of the most ancient temples in the old capital. Being somewhat

tired, I sat on the front steps and awaited their return. My rikisha

boy came up to me with a smile on his face that seemed to last for a minute, and said in plain English: ''Plenty Buddha."

While waiting, I passed the time scribbling some notes in my diary, and was soon surrounded by at least forty children, who eagerly watched every movement.

Evening found us attending the famous "Cherry Blossom

Dance."Foreigners, as a rule, enjoy it about the same as an

average Japanese would one of Wagner's masterpieces. Still it is

the thing to do, and I must confess we found it both novel and interesting, A few seats were arranged on the side of the stage for tourists. The native men and women sat on the floor. A

sprightly little maid brought us, by way of refreshments, without being ordered, a small biscuit, and a dainty confection, which was followed by a tiny cup of tea.

The theatre was profusely decorated with flowers consisting of azaleas, wistaria, and cherry blossoms by the cart load. The

striking of a gong was the signal for the curtain to roll up. Form-

2 16 IMPRO VEMENT ERA.

ing a pretty tableau were thirty danseuses, ranging from fifteen to eighteen years of age. Dressed in their kimonas and obe, which

represented every color of the rainbow, with fan in hand, their jet black hair adorned with jewels and being surrounded by flowers, they had a charming effect.

In addition, there was an orchestra which consisted of twenty older women, half on one side, the remainder on the opposite side of the stage. The instruments, drums, bells, and samisens, served

to mark time, also incidentally to add another touch of orientalism.

The term "dance"is rather a misnomer, according to westerner's ideas, as it consists of a succession of marches; then of a sudden they form into a very pretty tableau. This was repeated

time and time again. The effect was so graceful and charming

that we viewed the performance with delight; also left, feeling

that the most refined ladies could attend these dances without the slightest fear of seeing or hearing anything undesirable.

That night we retired to rest, looking at the bright side of life in old Kyoto—forgetting the darker shades, and reflecting:

"How sweet it is to dwell with thee,

Tjand of the rising sun, Where beauty, age and mystery,

Are combined in one."

Salt Lake City, Utah.

MENTAL EXERCISE.

Nothing else reacts so favorably upon the various functions of the body as strong and vigorous mental exercise. Nothing else will take the place of clear,

forcible thinking. It is a perpetual tonic. The moment there is chaos in the

mental kingdom there is anarchy in the physical kingdom. It is well known that

great thinkers are longerlived, as a rule, than indifferent thinkers.

Nothing will destroy itself quicker than an idle brain. If there is anybody in

this world to be pitied, it is the one who thinks he has nothing to do, no motive to impel him out of himself, no ambition which will exercise his brain, or his ingenuity, and call out his resourcefulness, or exercise his energies.—Success.

BISHOP CHARLES W. NIBLEY.

Born February s, i84g. Ordained and set apart as Presiding Bishop of the Church,

December ii, 1907. See page 238.)

EDITOR'S TABLE.

LOYALTY TO HOME MANUFACTURE.

The eaders of the Church have from the first favored and encouraged home manufacture. They do so today. As early as

1852, Elder John Taylor, afterwards President of the Church, brought from England, the machinery for a beet sugar plant, which was manufactured in Liverpool at a cost of $12,500. Elder

A. 0. Smoot was about that time made bishop of the Sugar ward,

so named for the sugar works established there, and he raised beets for the manufacture of sugar on the Church farm, afterwards

President Young's Forest farm. Subsequently, when he was called

to Provo, he and others built the Provo Woolen Mills, which for many years achieved a splendid success. There was the Wasatch

Woolen Mills on Parley's Creek, built by A. 0. Smoot, James

Sharp and R. T. Burton, which for years manufactured cloth, and

which was established in early days. Randall, Pugsley and Neal

built and operated the Ogden Woolen Mills, and conducted it for several years. A nail factory was built in Salt Lake, and later

moved to Sugar ward. Many other early enterprises might be

named whose establishment proved that by their works the pioneers were strong advocates of home industry.

It has always been a difficult task, however, to convert the people to the need of enthusiastically patronizing the products manufactured at home through the energy and thrift of public spirited men who were thus willing to invest their money. Even

with Provo woolen goods made superior to imported cloth, the mills were compelled to seek their main patronage in the east and west. Only few Utah people were willing to wear home made

clothing.

EDITOR'S TABLE. 219

The sugar factory first built in Lehi, had a hard struggle to become established; and there were many people who preferred,

and perhaps are to this day who prefer, sugar made in Hawaii or

Cuba, and apparently for no other reason than that they are disloyal to anything made at home.

Then think of the struggle it has been to establish dairies, canning factories, and other industries, just because of the lack of enthusiasm in their support by the main body of the citizens. With

the millions of dollars annually spent among the people by various manufacturing establishments in our midst, there is even now among some people dissatisfaction cropping to the surface, now and then, in the shape of complaints, and refusals of help under reasonable terms. This certainly is mostly, if not entirely, unjustified, and if

persisted in may in the end prove financially suicidal, not only to those who adhere to such a course, but to the whole community.

The moral is, purchase homemade goods, and encourage home institutions.

The Ogden and Wasatch woolen mills live only in memory.

The Provo mills are silent, while we are today spending hundreds of thousands of dollars for having our own wool made into cloth and returned to us, with much inferior material mixed into it, to clothe ourselves and our families. And this while we have a first

class factory lying idle at our doors. Is this a wise policy? The

community may answer for itself.

If the people were willing today to support a home institution and wear homemade goods, these thousands might be saved to build up our own people and state. Capital is ready to start the

mills we have, and with proper encouragement to build additional ones. With the assurance of loyal support from the public the

work could begin at once. It would give employment to many

laborers, and would be one more aid toward making the people of the intermountain west selfsupporting and independent. There

is no reason in the objection which doubtless some would make as they have done to all new enterprises: It will not pay. Capital is

at our command; all that is asked of us is to do our part—purchase the clothing and wear it. It has been demonstrated that the

home goods are just as good as any we may import from other quarters. When the sugar and canning factories were estab220 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Used, the people were asked to grow beets and tomatoes. After

much persuasion, they have learned to do so, and few would be willing to have this immense source of revenue withdrawn by the closing of the factories. If the people could be persuaded to be

as loyal to home manufactured clothing, by wearing it, the same results would speedily follow, in that line. The capital is ready;

are the people? Joseph F. Smith.

A WISH FOR THE NEW YEAR.

"Blessed are they which do hunger and thirst."Fourth Beatitude.

I was a poor shepherd, and dwelt in a little valley of the mountains. In the deep snows of winter I scoured the steep places

for my scattered sheep. The cold, sharp winds penetrated to the

bones and made me shiver. To bring back a lost creature, my

faithful horse, facing the storms all day long, carried me shivering through the glens and over the hills and ravines. I needed fuel,

and so penetrated the canyons with team and sled, returning laden with logs for the crude fireplace of my cruder cabin. The toil of the

day made sweet my rest for the night. The work of the day

sharpened my appetite, so that my coarse fare of bread and bacon was sweet to my taste. I was hungry and thirsty, and ate bread

and drank water with relish. I ate and drank and was filled, because I was hungry and thirsty. I was hungry and thirsty because

I worked.

I dwelt in the city and had plenty. My servants groomed fine

horses, and in easy carriages over smooth roads, they carried me to banquet halls and to temples of amusement. There were none to

care for but myself, for how should I work for others when so many others vied to relieve me from toil! It was anxiety!

enough for me to devise methods to relieve the sameness and monotony of my own existence, and to provide new and tempting devices for my own pleasure and appetite. They took me to a

beautiful clubhouse for my meals. Here were decorated dining

halls, marble walls, rich curtains of damask, stately mirrors, inlaid floors, tables spread with fine linen, and waiters in uniforms of

EDITOR'S TABLE. 221

spotless white. For the feast they offered, amid rich melodies of

orchestral music, tender roasts of numberless varieties, relishes, fruits, rare wines, and all the luxuries that earth produces. But

in the midst of it all, I was weary and dissatisfied. My appetite

was surfeited and pampered. I was neither hungry nor thirsty,

and could neither eat nor drink. I was not filled, because only the

hungry and thirsty can eat and drink, and only the worker hungers and thirsts.

And can we acquire a keen appetite for spiritual food and drink in any other way than for physical? Verily, no. For spiritual

appetite we must also toil. Exercise, labor, persistent effort are

also essentials for the enjoyment of spiritual feasts. We cannot

partake with relish of the rich bounties spread before us by the

Spirit of the Father and by the gospel of Jesus Christ, without being spiritually hungry and thirsty. Help us, then, God of our

fathers, and Ruler of our nation and people, to toil steadfastly in thy cause during the New Year, that so we may hunger and thirst after righteousness, and be filled. Help us to let our

light so shine before men, that they may see our good works, and so glorify our Father which is in heaven.

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS.

Elder E 0. Olsen, writing December 12, 1907, from Milwaukee, Wis., says:

"Our Mutual is flourishing; everyone concerned is very much interested in the subjects outlined in the Manual, and great good is being accomplished A number of

those who are connected with the association are not members of the Church, but they are enthusiastic in the work."

Prom Skandmaviens Stjerne, of Nov. 1, 1907, organ of the Scandinavian

mission, we learn that Elder Soren Rasmussen has been chosen president of that mission to succeed Elder J. M. Christensen who has held the position some two

years and a half. Elder Rasmussen's greeting and Elder Christensen's farewell

appear in that number of the mission organ.

Elder G. E. Gaboon, of St. Louis, Missouri, writes under date of November

22. "We have a Mutual association organized at this place, and are taking up

the same course of study as the other associations of the Ghurch, "Spiritual

Growth."We also have a Sunday School, with theological and intermediate

222 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

departments doing well and attended by faithful, energetic workers. Our Sunday

services are quite well attended, and the work of the Lord is growing gradually in this place."

Elder L. B. Redd writes from Toluca, Mex., Nov. 16, 1907: 'The work of

the Lord is progressing here in Mexico, therefore I feel that the number of elders, at present, are too few, (eight in number), to successfully work the vast field that has been opened up. There have been 49 baptisms in this mission since Jan. 1, 1906,

and several others have applied for baptism. We are distributing a number of

Books of Mormon among the Lamanites. I send you a kodak picture of the great

tunnel and drainage canal, draining Mexico City. The tunnel is three miles long.

The canal was commenced by Hernan Cortes and finished by Porfirio Diaz. It

Photo by L. B. Redd.

MOUTH OF GREAT TUNNEL AND DRAINAGE CANAL, MEXICO CITY.

ELDERS M. B. NAEGLE AND N. C. TENNEY, ON THE BANK

EDITOR'S TABLE. 223

took some three hundred years to finish it, owing to the many wars. The earth

was carried out in baskets. The canal is 100x60 feet, cost many millions of dollars, and thousands of human lives. It is over forty miles long."

Elder George C. Matthews writes from Mepple, Holland, November 9, 1907,

saying: "On November 3, a special meeting was hold here, the first ever held in

this place by the Latterday Saints. The large hall, "Het Wapen van Mepple,"

was inadequate to accommadate the people who came out to hear, and many were turnedaway. President John K. Meibos, of the Groningen conference, of which

this place is a branch, presided. Elder B. Tiemersma spoke on the first principles of the gospel. Elder William J. De Bry, assistant editor of De Ster,

answered an article in a local paper written by the minister of the Dutch Reformed church. President Meibos bore strong testimony to the divinity of the gospel

and the latterday work. Elder Charles H. Spencer presided at the organ. 'At

the close of the meeting we sold nearly two hundred books, and received the addresses of a mmber of investigators. Elder Leonard C. Healy is my companion, and we are beginning already to see the fruits of our labors. We hope to be

able to find a larger hall and hold another meeting in the near future. Our branch

consists of only two Saints, bat we expect to baptize two more this month. The

work has only been opened here for the past four months. We meet a good deal

of opposition, which is the means of arousing the curiosity of the people, so that they investigate our message. The weather is ideal and the elders are all enjoying the best of health."

President Ralph A. Badger, of the South African mission, writes from Woodstock, Cape Colony, October 29, 1907: "The South African mission is not an old

mission, although there were elders here in the 'SOs and '60s; but they were

compelled to leave because of persecution, and it was not until July 25, 1903, that the elders of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints arrived in South

Africa. Since then we have had a rapid growth. With the little beginning of

four elders in 1903, as a working force, and a membership of one faithful brother, who had lived through the interregnum, the mission has now grown to eleven missionaries who are working zealously for the advancement of the cause of the

Lord, and a baptized following recorded upon our books of about sixty members.

Here at headquarters we have a splendid little branch. Our hall meetings are

well attended; in fact, of late our attendance has been greater than our seating

capacity. Last Sunday we had an attendance of 61. And we rejoice exceedingly

to see that they are interested in the gospel and are studying the same with earnestness. Besides our regular services Sunday and Wednesday evening, we

have our regular fast meeting on the first Sunday of the month, and a splendid little Sunday school every Sunday morning. As at home, our Sunday school starts

at 10 o'clock, while it is a little early for people to get their children off Sunday mornings, we are having in attendance from 35 to 45. The missionaries througnout South Africa all report good progress, and are themselves in the best of health

and spirits. I have before me letters from two missionaries, one laboring six hundred and the other about nine hundred miles from here. One says: 'the sick have

224 IMPRO VEMENT ERA.

been, and are now being, healed, and the Lord is blessing us abundantly.'The

other says: 'We have more investigators than we can conveniently call on.'So

you see the blessings of the Lord are being poured out upon South Africa, and many are being brought to a knowledge of the truth. Ninetenths of the people with

whom we come in contact know nothing of 'Mormonism.'Our work is, therefore,

to a large extent introductory, and is a little slow, but the Lord is greatly blessing the missionaries in this part of his vineyard, and they are thankful for the privilege of laboring in this part of the world."

The following is a characteristic selection from a letter by Elder Wm. S. Musser

who is at present laboring in the German mission. The letter is addressed to his

parents, in Salt Lake City, under date of Berlin, Oct. 19, 1907: ''My health continues good and my spirits are bright and full of sunshine. A friend asked me this

morning how it was I was always so happy, and I told her I could not be otherwise. My friends all love me, the world is full of sunshine, God has blest me with

health, strength and joy. Who would not be happy? Today the weather is wonderful! How good our Heavenly Father is to us! What a beautiful time we have

on earth in which to live. Talk about there not being a God, why I see him every

day, and partake of his untold blessings every hour. How wise and good and loving he is! All nature is his revelation to me, and I have but to look around me,

and my whole soul sings for joy and in praise for the many wonderful beauties with which God has blest his children. How few of us are truly thankful, but God

continues to bless all alike, and some day we will all see just where we stand.

This morning, with the papers, my monthly feast of good things came, this is the

Improvement Era, which all the missionaries receive free. The Era is always

full of good things and I have learned to love it, for the gospel is more true to me through reading its pages. The truths of the gospel are always so beautifully and

so clearly expressed in the wonderful poems and inspirations which lead one to life with God alone. Itthinking of the joys and pleasures of a higher life,—the

makes a fellow always feel mighty happy to be a 'Mormon'Boy. Do you remember

how I used to sing 'I am a 'Mormon'Boy?'When I think of what Father in

Heaven has given me, how good and grand are his ways. my whole soul thrills with

joy and thanksgiving; but when, again, I remember what a little knownothing I

am, how weak and how apt to forget the Father and his ways, my heart grows sad, and my soul is filled with sorrow. He forgives us, how often, and leads us

on to brighter worlds, to newer domains, where love is everywhere. I have just

finished reading part of the Manual, and am struck with the beauty of the sentiment which is found on the title leaf: 'Create in me a clean heart, God; and

renew a right spirit within me, cast me not away from thy presence; and take not

thy Holy Spirit from me. Restore unto me the joy of thy salvation; and uphold

me with thy free spirit. Then will I teach transgressors thy ways; and sinners

shall be converted unto thee.'It is a prayer of David, after he had so wronged

the Lord, and had humbled himself in a spirit of sincere, deep repentance. What

a wonderful prayer! Isn't it? * * * * I had a card from Brother Elias, he

is feeling fine, and is enjoying his missionary labors."

SEVENTY'S COUNCIL TABLE.

BY B. H. ROBERTS, MEMBER OF THE FIRST COUNCIL.

Bequests to Quorums.—By letter from the fortyeighth quorum located at

Manti, Utah, the First Council is informed that David Olsen and Hyrum Brown of

Manti endowed that quorum with the sum of $1,000 and $500 respectively, as ''a nucleus for a permanent Missionary fund."That is an item of good news; and

the brethren making the bequest are to be congratulated upon the example they have set in Israel. It is the first bequest of the kind we believe, in the Church;

but sincerely hope it will not be the last; nay, we have the hope ard belief that

many will follow the very worthy example set by Brothers Olsen and Brown. What

more worthy cause can appeal to the generously disposed possessor of means than this of extending a knowledge of the gospel of Jesus Christ? It often happens in

the experience of the First Council that in seeking missionaries among our quorums that men are found who possess every qaility necessary to efficient ministers of the gospel, but are unavailable because they are not in financial circumstances to meet the expense of sustaining themselves and their families while engaged in the work of the foreign ministry. What an advantage it would be, how helpful,

if under such circumstance the quorum to which such a brother belonged could come to his assistance by supplying so much as he lacked of means to.go upon a

mission? Then what might come of it I How many souls might be brought to a

knowledge of the truth and saved! No one knows, of course; there might be

many, there might be but few; perhaps but one. Even if there were none visibly

affected by the elder's ministry—though such a thing is well nigh inconceivable

still the Church would be aided in discharging her solemn obligation to the world in making proclamation of the truth deposited with her, and that is much, very much, and worthy of all acceptation when more may not be accomplished. But

what if one soul should be brought to a knowledge of the truth, what joy those wouli have who had in any way contributed to that result! And then how much

it means for even one soul to be converted! He may in turn convert others, who

knows? Perhaps he will become the founder of a family in Israel, and beget a race

of men to whom the gospel of Jesus Christ will be congenial and who will stand ftr righteousness and serve God. Then think of the possibilities that may grow out

of such a conversion by reason of the work the one converted might do in the temples of God for the salvation of his ancestors. The effects of his conversion

would be extended backward as well as projected forward, and there is no means by which the value of one conversion may be determined—it may mean that a

226 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

nation was born unto the Lord on that day when a soul was converted to the truth We*********are glad to note that it is the intention of the fortyeighth quorum to invest the bequests of Brothers Olsen and Brown and use only the interest of their "Missionary Fund."Also that they hope to increase the fund by other bequests

and by other means. May all their anticipations of success be realized. And

meantime, we call the attention of other quorums to this circumstance, and urge upon them the desirability of every quorum having some such permanent fund out of which to help their members perform missions. There is no better philanthropic cause than this; and the attention of wellto-do members of our quorums should

be called to that fact, and they given an opportunity to found by their liberality a permanent quorum fund to aid in the noble work of saving souls. Just now

many aged men will be leaving the quorums of the Seventy for the High Priests quorums; some of them perhaps have never done any missionary service at all,

circumstances of various kinds having prevented them. Do they want to leave

the quorums of the foreign ministry without having identified themselves in some substantial way with that ministry? Brethren, think of it. Would not such men

as are able, upon leaving the quorum, desire to give into a permanant missionary fund a hundred, five hundred, a thousand or five thousand dollars? And if such a

fund was once established, might not each member retiring from the quorum be glad to give one dollar, or five, or ten, or fifty, according to his circumstances?

Brethren, the matter is before you. Read these paragraphs to your quorums

every one, give everybody an opportunity to help in this great work of the foreign ministry of the Church. God bless Brothers Olsen and Brown, and all others who

shall follow their most worthy example.

InterQuorum Visits.—We suggest for the purpose of developing the best

methods of conducting class exercises, a system of interquorum visits by appointment. That is to say, taking the quorums within a convenient radius of a given

quorum, members could be ofiicially appointed to visit such quorums for the purpose of observing the methods employed in conducting class exercises, and quo.

rum executive business meetings. Where this suggestion is adopted the visiting

Seventy or Seventies, should be given a letter of appointment by the council of his quorum to the quorum visited, that he may be courteously noticed and welcomed.

The principal business of such visitors should be to note methods of work and of procedure for the benefit of his own quorum, though an opportunity might be granted to explain the methods of their quorum. But the main object of

the visit should be for observation. The Sunday following, the visitors

should be given opportunity to report what they had observed that would be of advantage to their own quorum to adopt. By this means there will gradually

be developed the best methods of doing things. That is what Seventies are seeking. Remember, to be a Seventy means mental activity, intellectual development,

the attainment of spiritual power; and that, not only as individuals but also in our

quorum capacity.

Presidents of Seventies not to be taken for Bishops'Counselors.—

SEVENTY'S COUNCIL TABLE. 2Z1

It should be understood that it is the policy in the Church not to take presidents of Seventies for Bishop's counselors, where it can possibly be avoided. Bishopmaterial, it is conceded, is extremely limited; and the First Council, recognizing

that fact, have no objection to offer when a man among their presidents is found possessing the qualities necessary to a Bishop is wanted. We say that it is allright, and yield gracefully: but with Bishop's counselors it is different. Material

suitable to that office is more abundant, and our councils should not be disrupted to supply it, where it can possibly be avoided; and never only with the consent of

the First Council. Such is the decision of the First Presidency of the Church, and

our presidents should take note of it. It is desirable that the councils of the

quorums should be as little disturbed as possible.

Question from One of the Quorums.—"Did Aaron hold the Melchizedek Priesthood?"The above question is answered in the affirmative; for the

reason that all priesthood is, from the nature of it, (delegated authority from God to man) one, a unity; and hence Melchizedek. Aaron held a priesthood previous to

the designation of what we now know as the "Aaronic Priesthood,"so that priesthood previously held by him, must have been Melchizedek Priesthood. The

Prophet Joseph said, "Although there are two priesthoods, yet the Melchizedek

Priesthood comprehends the Aaronic and is the grand head. {History of the

Church, Vol. IV, p. 207.) Again he said: "In viewing the Church as a whole, we

may strictly denominate it (.i e. the priesthood) one priesthood."{History of

the Church, Vol. II, p. 478).

I would also answer the question in the affirmative for the following reason

No man, the revelations of God inform us, can see the face of God and live, without holding this higher, or Melchizedek Priesthood. (Doc. and Gov., 84: 1922.)

Aaron, before being assigned to the duties of the ''Aaronic Priesthood, "(Exodus xxiv; compare verses 1 and 11) saw God, and all this happened, as I say, before the

''Aaronic Priesthood"was given, an account of the giving of which priesthood is to be found in Exodus, chap. 28: 1, 2, et seq. The late President John Taylor gives

the following treatise upon this subject with a collection of very valuable references cited to support every step of the investigation he makes "We further find that Aaron was permitted to go up to Mount Sinai.""And

the Lord said unto him (Moses), Away,geu thee down, and thou shalt come up, thou and Aaron with thee: but let not the priests and the people break through to

come up unto the Lord, lest he break forth upon ttiem."(Ex. xix: 24.) It may

be here asked. Who were these priests? for the Aaronic Priesthood, as we know

it, was not then introduced. But Moses was his leader, and it was he who obtained the word of the Lord, and it was he with whom the Lord conversed. For

we find, "And Moses went up unto God, and the Lord called unto him out of the mountain, saying, Thus shalt thou say to the house of Jacob, and tell the children of Israel. * * * And the Lord came down upon Mount Sinai, on the top of

the mount: and the Lord called Moses up to the top of the mount; and Moses

went up. And the Lord said unto Moses, Go down, charge the people, lest they

break through unto the Lord to gaze, and many of them perish."(Ex. xix: 3, 20,

21.) Moses always took the lead; "And he said unto Moses, Come up unto the

Lord, thou, and Aaron, Nadab and Abihu, and seventy of the elders of Israel;

and worship ye afar off. And Moses alone shall come near the Lord; but they

shall not come nigh; neither shall the people go up with him."(Ex. xxiv: 1, 2.)

228 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

They saw God and did eat and drink: "And upon the nobles of the children of

Israel he laid not his halid: also they saw God, and did eat and drink."(Verse 11.)

And afterwards Moses was with the Lord forty days. "And Moses went into the

midst of the cloud, and gat him up into the mount: and Moses was in the Mount

forty days and forty nights."(Verse 18). By what power did Aaron see God? May

we not suppose it was by the power of the Melchizedek priesthood? For without

that no man can see the face of God and live. It, the Melchizedek, holds the

keys of the mystery of the kingdom, even the key of the knowledge of God. (Doc.

and Gov. sec. 84, p. 290). Moses had these keys; but Aaron also saw God, as

well as the seventy elders of Israel; and the people saw his glory and heard his

voice. (Ex. XX: 22: Deut. iv. 36.

It would seem that Aaron and the seventy elders of Israel then had the Melchizedekr piesthood, and the Aaronic was about being combined with it, as we have them now. Moses held the keys of the Melchizedek priesthood, and presided

over the whole. Aaron was then in possession of the Melchizedek priesthood; but

another or lesser priesthood was about to be conferred upon him, which was done soon after. We quote, "And take thou unto thee Aaron, thy brother, and his

sons with him, from among the children of Israel, that he may minister unto me in the priest's office, even Aaron, Nadab, and Abihu, Eleazar and Ithamar,

Aaron's sons. And thou shalt make holy garments for Aaron, thy brother, for

glory and for beauty."(Ex. xxviii: 1, 2.)

Does it not seem probable that Aaron, when he received this lesser priesthood, was in the same position (as to priesthood) that our presiding bishop is, holding Melchizedek and lesser priesthood., but presiding over the latter, and

Moses presiding over all the Melchizedek as well as the Aaronic or Levitical, the latter being an appendage to the former?"Items on Priesthood, pp. 4, 5.

I think some confusion exists among us in relation to the priesthood by reason of the unfortunate terminology used. We generally say there are two

Priesthoods, Melchizedek and Aaronic, or else say that it is divided under two heads, Melchizedek and Aaronic, all of which is somewhat incompatible with the idea of unity of the priesthood, its oneness. The happier and more exact terminology would be to say that the priesthood is one, but its powers are grouped under

two heads, spiritual and temporal. Not that the spiritual is wholely absent from

the Aaronic Priesthood, or that the Melchizedek Priesthood has no authority in temporal affairs, but because in the one the temporal predominates, and in the other the spiritual predominates. It would be well to inculcate in the mind the

idea that the power God gives to man, the Priesthood, is one, is a unit, but for convenience its powers are grouped as above described. All the offices are

appendages to the priesthood, and range in graduation, one above the other for effectiveness of administration.

Temporary Rolls.—The attention of the First Council is called to the fact

that in some cases members of Seventies quorums are in attendance upon Church

Academies and Universities; and some are temporarily absent from their quorum

districts at work. In all such cases we suggest that quorums within reach of such

members open a temporary roll for them, invite their attendance and give them every advantage in class exercises, granted to regular members. We also suggest

that members so situated, seek entrance to quorums most convenient to their temporary location, and thus avail themselves of such advantages as our suggestion would give. The attendance of such temporary members could be reported to

the quorum to which said member belonged, and accounted to the average attendance of members of that quorum.

MUTUAL WORK.

CONFERENCE DATES.

The attention of stake superintendents is called to the resolution adopted at the last annual conference, providing that the dates for the annual stake conferences of the M. I. A. shall be fixed by the officers of the Young Men's and Young

Ladies'associations of the respective stakes, and that the dates so set be sent to the General Boards. The time has arrived when annual conferefices should be

held, and where no provision has yet been made by the officers of the conjoint associations, this matter should be attended to at once, and the General Boards notified of the dates. The programs and general conducting of these annual conferences should be provided for by the stake boards, whose original ingenuity

should be exercised in devising plans for profitable and instructive gatherings, both for the young people and others who are not members of the associations, by which the former may be given practice aad the latter may be male familiar with the value and impartaace of our work, j

M. I. A. MEETINGS AND THEATRICAL SHOWS.

It has come to the attention of the General Board that in some of the stakes of Zion, and particularly in certain wards of such stakes, the regular evening devoted to the M I. A meetings is frequently interfered with by traveling shows.

In one ward reported, where the ward meeting house is also the amusement hall, it is no uncommon thing to adjourn the Improvement Association meeting for the benefit of theatrical exhibitions. The excuse given is that the money received for rent of the hall is necessary to keep up ward expenses. We think this

is a very poor excuse. Certainly the ward organizations should come first, when

it is the question between the appearance of a transient show company, or even a local show company, and a religious meeting. But where the officers of the associations are thus situated, of course, they must do the best they can to keep the

association together, where meetings have thus been postponed or held ahead of time for the benefit of shows.

230 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Probably only a very few of the wards are situated so that the meeting house and the amusement hall are in one building.

But there are wards, however, where there are numerous meeting places, and yet, where it is customary to adjourn the association whenever there is an entertainment on the evening devoted to M. I. A. work. The excuse in such cases is that

the people will not attend a Mutual when there is a show in town. In such cases

the association members and the people generally might be informed that as a rule meetings will be held promptly, and will be adjourned, say at 8:45 p.m, thus

giving time for those who desire to attend the show on the same evening. Arrangements may, perhaps, be made with the show people to postpone the opening

of their entertainment from ten to fifteen minutes, so that there will be no clash between the meeting and the entertainment. In no case, however, should the

meeting be abandoned. Cases have come to the notice of the General Board

where the playhouse is owned by leading members of the Church, and who by virtue of their position, use their influence to adjourn the association whenever a traveling show happens to appear, on the evening devoted to Mutual Improvement work.

This is done to increase the custom of the hall, and is a very pernicious practice that should be entirely abandoned. Again, the young men should learn to be loyal

to their organization, and should attend to their meetings promptly on the night appointed. If they desire to attend entertainments, they should determine to go

on other nights in the wek. Where an association is adjourned for say two

weeks, as was the case in one of the wards recently, in a stake referred to, it breaks into the work so seriously that it requires the rest of the season to make up for what has been lost, and to revive the attendance. Stake superintendents

should look into the subject where conditions of this kind are found, and endeavor to have no interference with their regularly appointed evening meetings.

FOR SUPERINTENDENTS OF STAKES TO CONSIDER.

It will be well to consider the following questions, and require the presidents of the wards to give you a report upon them or similar ones at your annual conferences:

Is your enrollment what it should be?

If not, what are you doing to make it so?

What is your average attendance, and what per cent of that attendance are you interesting to the extent of active work?

What number who ought to be enrolled are not enrolled in your association?

What missionary work are you doing?

What is the preparation and class work of your members?

Have you a chorister?

Is your association fully organized?

What missionary work is being done by your associates?

Have you tried getting your five per cent Era subscriptions?

MUTUAL WORK. 231

Is the General Fund receiving attention?

Is there harmony and fellowship among the officers of your association with the ward and stake authorities?

Please remember that as stake superintendents you cannot do full justice to the cause wiLhout regular weekly or monthly officers'meetings. The secret of

your success will be in persistent, united work. This must be outlined and be made

clear to the officers of your board -in these meetings. Plan your work, and work

your plan. This also applies with like force to ward officers. 1 ou should see

that they are either planning their work'or working your plans.

RESULTS OF CONVERSION AND WORK.

Elders W. "W. Rawson, 0. A. Snow and R. Ray Nixon, "Ward Y. M. M. I. A.

presidency of Idaho Falls, Bingham stake, write under date of December 7: "We

have some seventy families in our ward, and by a small effort have secured as many subscriptions as we have families. This is about 13 per cent of the total

ward population. We are not through yet, for we are converted to the

fact that the Era has the proper food for the spiritual growjfch of our young

W. W. RAWSON. 0. A. SNOW. R. RAY NIXON.

men. Therefore, we are anxious that they should peruke the messages contained in its pages. 'We were converted to the belief that the Era is necessary

for our mutual improvement, and with this thought in mind 'we worked'and 'kept everlastingly at it, 'with the result stated. Wa are having good success in our

manual work, with the help of the Lord."At the'ERA's request, portraits of these

officers are given.

NUMBERS OF VOLUME 10 WANTED.

We are out of numbers two, three and four of the Improvement Era of

232 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

them to this office, and we will exchange them for other numbers, or pay the regular price for them.

M. I. A. FUND.

Every member of the Y. M. M. I. A. is expected to contribute 25 cents annually to the General Improvement Fund. Payment is made during the second

week in December; but, for those who did not pay at that time, the second week

in February is fixed upon in which to make payment. Eavelopes for these collections

have been mailed to the stake officers. A stake aid should be appointed to look

after the distribution of the envelopes and the collections. A like agent or officer

should be appointed in each ward who should credit all payments to this fund in the roll and record book, and send the names of all who pay, in December and in

February, with the money, to the stake superintendent or his agent. The stake

superintendent or treasurer is requested to report promptly to the secretary of the

General Board, remitting the amouot collected in December as soon thereafter as possible. The amount collected in February should be sent to him, not later t! an

March 1, 1908. Address: Alpha J. Higgs, General secretary, 214 Templeton

Bldg, Salt Lake City, Utah.

THE OLD AND THE NEW YEAR.

{For the Improvement Era.)

Aye, tenderly close his failing eyes

As he hath lived, e'en so he dies.

His burden borne of joys and woes:

Let none disturb his last repose.

Well hath he served, lo, even now.

The death beads settle on his brow

The erd draws near, e'en as we tell

Farewell, Old Year, a last farewell.

"What, ho, within!"What voice of cheer

Thus falls upon the startled ear?

The son, say'st thou? Come to attend

Upon his aged sire's end?

This robust youth, with smiling face;

And come to fill his father's place?

Right well, then, do we greet thee here!

Welcome, thrice welcome, thou glad New Year!

Lorenzo J. Haddock.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

EVENTS AND COMMENTS,

BY EDWARD H. ANDERSON.

Railroad Accidents.—In a bulletin issued by the Interstate Commerce

Commission, it is shown that for the year ending June 30, 1907, there were not less than 410 passengers killed in train collisions and derailments on the railroads of the United States. The total of casualties to passengers, and employes while on duty was 81,286, or 5,000 persons killed and 76,286 injured, an

increase of 775 killed and 9,577 injured as compared with the year ending June 30, 1906.

The U. S. Navy.—This country now stands second among the nations

in naval strength. The report of the secretary of the Navy, however, shows

that when France completes the ships now in process of construction, that country will reach the second place, and the United States will fall to the third.

Secretary Metcalf further declares that to maintain our Navy in a state of efficiency and to relpace obsolete ships by the newest type will require an appropriation of $69,270 000 for the construction of four battleships, and for cruisers, torpedo boat destroyers, submarine boats, and minor craft.

Census of Cuba.—The registration or census of voters has recently been

completed in Cuba which marks the first step toward the ending of American intervention in the island, and the reestablishment of the Cuban republic. A special

commission has been formed to frame a new electoral law, and soon this new law will be promulgated. The date for the elections has not yet been definitely determined, and will doubtless depend upon the continuance of tranquil conditions

in the country. It is expected, however, that municipal elections will be held in

May or June, this year, and that by December the presidential election will be held, leading up to the inauguration of the president, perhaps in May, 1909.

Postal Savings Banks.—In many of the European countries postal savings banks are long established. Why not have them in this country? In his

annual report PostmasterGeneral Meyer strongly advocates their establishment in the United States, paying interest on deposits at 2 per cent. He gives as his

reason that these banks would furnish an absolutely safe place of deposit for vast sums of money which, as in the recent panic, might otherwise be hoarded and so be kept out of circulation to the great detriment of business. One

other change recommended by him is the establishment of a parcel post sys234 IMPRO VEMENT ERA.

tem, with delivery at low rates, on the rural routes. This question will doubtless soon be handled by Congress, and there are many who will oppose its

establisment, on the ground that it would injure the small merchants and the express companies, and for other reasons.

The Cruise of the Great Pacific Fleet.—Sixteen battleships—Connedicut, Kansas, Vermont, Louisiana, first division, first squadron; Georgia, New

Jersey, Rhode Island, Virginia, second division, first squadron; Miraraeso/a, Ohio,

Missouri, Maine, third division, second squadron; Alabama, Illinois, Kearsarge,

Kentucky, fourth division, second squadron, passed out from Hampton Roads, through the Virginia capes, early on the morning of December 16, followed by the auxiliary division of two supply ships—Glacier, Calgoa—Panther, a repair ship,

and Yankton, a tender; also the torpedo boat flotilla of six, as follows: Whipple,

Hopkins, Hull, Stewart, Truxton and Lawrence. The spectacle was transcendently impressive, as this line of battleships—this line of floating fortresses,

commanded by Rear Admiral Robley D. Evans, four miles long, led by President

Roosevelt, on the Mayflower, bayed in thunder tones a long good bye, and steamed out into the sea. Here was the finest display of cruising battleships ever beheld

in this or any other country, embarked on a cruise unparalleled in history. As

President Roosevelt extended his hand to Admiral Evans, to say goodbye, he said, ''Admiral Evans, I want to say, that I am very proud of this fleet, but as far as that is concerned, I believe everybody is. In saying goodbye, I also wish you a

Godspeed."Then each captain was given a "God bless you and Godspeed"from

the commanderin-chief. On the quarter deck of the Connecticut stood Rear Admiral Evans, grizzled, crippled, almost past the age of fighting, his face marked

with strange furrows, his eyes turned to the southern horizon. He was on a ship

that with its followers will roll, and plunge, and climb over and around fourteen thousand miles of sea, for the purpose of war practise. Here is a deepsea harvest, the garnering of which no man can foretell.

There are 15,000 men in the crews; the distance to be traveled is 13,772

miles; and the duration of the fleet's voyage is expected to be 135 days. The

first stop will be December 28, at Trinidad, 1,850 miles: from there to Rio de Janeiro

is 3,100 miles, to be reached January 11, 1908; to Punta Arenas, Strait of Magellan, 2,228 miles, January 31; to Callao, 2,666, February 18; Magdalena Bay,

Lower Gala., 3,105 miles, March 14; and thence to San Francisco probably early

in May. The flotilla will stop at other ports. Target practice will be held in

Magdalena Bay. On the 18th, a wireless telegram from Admiral Evans announced

that the fleet would cruise around the world.

The Liquor Question.—A temperance wave or, more righthly, a check to

the liquor traffic, appears to be sweeping over the United States. There are now

only six states and two territories; namely, Montana, Idaho, Wyoming, Nevada,

Utah and Colorado, and Arizona and New Mexico, where the licensed saloon today has undisputed territory; and in Idaho the Sunday closing law, enacted in 1906,

has already entered the wedge to prohibition. The strong sentiment among the

Latterday Saints who, strange to say, occupy much of the ground where the

EVENTS AND COMMENTS. 235

saloon now has undisputed sway, is sure to have a telling effect in aiding the antisaloon league to bring these six states and two territories into line for prohibition.

The accompanying map shows where prohibition has conquered; the blackened

areas show the states wherein the liquor traffic holds undisputed sway under license. The parts left white indicate the territory where state or local prohibition

laws are in force; while the shaded states are those which are part "wet"and

part "dry."'It is remarkable that during the past few months, the governors of

no fewer than thirty seven states have attacked the saloon, or endorsed prohibition. Georgia was recently added to the states, where prohibition is in force; and

in all the states east of Wyoming and Colorado, the antisaloon sentiment is spreading like wildfire. In California, Oregon, and Washington, much progess

is being made toward the suppression of the liquor traffic. In Colorado, the antisaloon league is at present working a vigorous compaign. It appears to be only a

matter of a short time when the entire suppression of the liquor traffic, in the

United States, will become a reality. Dr. Alexander Alison, general secretary of

the National Temperance Society, has already predicted that "the entire suppression of the liquor traffic in the nation will become a paramount issue in the campaign of 1912.""At the same time,"he says, "you may look for substantial

progress toward worldwide prohibition."There are several causes assigned for

this wonderful movement that seemingly has come upon the nation all of a sudden, but which in reality has been a remarkable educational campaign conducted by the

Temperance Society for the past fortytwo years. The printed matter circulated, and

the educational campaign carried on, by the society; the compulsory teaching to all

the children in the land in the public schools of the disastrous effects of alcohol 236 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

upon the system, which toaching is u part of the public school curriculum in the states of the Union are the means of the impending revolution. The fact that it is

becoming increasingly difficult, and almost impossible, for a drinking man to find employment, and the further fact that practical prohibition is a financial blessing, are verities brought home to all who study the matter. We are told that in Maine,

under prohibition, the population increased only 20 per cent in 37 years, yet the valuation per capita increased, in that time, 252; again, nearly all the leading

corporations of the land refuse work to the tippler and the cigarette smoker. The

growth ot prohibition is not carried on at present by spectacular crusades, sensational outbursts of misguided zeal, but rather by a steady growth of popular sentiment against the saloon, which appears to be as resistless as the rising of the ocean tide. As this sentiment is approaching the Rocky Mountain States from

both the East and the West, it is a foregone conclusion that the suppression of the liquor traffic in them will also be very welcome; and further, that the Latterday

Saints will unitedly and enthusiastically join in bringii'g about its complete extermination. Saloon keepers who, driven from the east, by the temperance movement,

are now'applying for licenses in the towns and settlements of Utah and Idaho, should be firmly discouraged by the temperence sentiment of the Latterday

Saints.

Nobel Prizes.—Sir William Crookes, editor of the Chemical News, born

London, June 17, 1832, discoverer of thallium, the inventor of the radiometer, and quite recently the discoverer of a process for extracting nitric acid from the atmosphere, which is expected to be of value for industrial and agricultural purposes, has been awarded the

Nobel prize, in the department of chemistry. The prize

this year for literary achievement is given to Rudyard

Kippling, the distinguished English novelist and poet.

These prizes are awarded annually, and have each a value of about 40,000. Other prizes for achievements

in physical science, physiology or medicine, and the promotion of peace, are given to different individuals each year under the provision of the will of Alfred Bernhard

Nobel, the Swedish chemist and inventor of dynamite.

It will be remembered that the first awards were made in 1901. The Swedish academies of science and literature

decide who are the most deserving candidates for these prizes, except in the case of the Peace prize, which is left to the Norwegian Storthing. The prize for the

greatest discovery in physics was this year awarded to

Professor Albert Abraham Michelson, of the University of Chicago, who was born December 19, 1852, in GerSIR WILLIAM CROOKES manv, and graduated at the U. S. Naval Academy in

MR. RUDYARD KIPPLING. 1873. His main field of research is light, and from his

invention scientists have been able to ascertain the movements of the electrons inside the atom. In physiology and medicine the prize

EVENTS AND COMMENTS. 287

goes to Charles Louis Alphonse Laverau. born Paris, 1845. He discovered the

cause of malaria.

King Oscar II.—On December 8, the king af Sweden, Oscar II, who

succeeded his brother, Charles XV, in 1872, died, at the castle in."'lockholm. The

crown prince Oustaf, the aged queen Sophia, and the ministers, were with him to the last. He was a grandson of Marshal Bernadotte, who arose from the ranks in

Napoleon's army. Physically and mentally, he was.a man of distinction, personal bravory and ability. He was six

feet three inches in height. Affable

and democratic in manner, he was accessible to the humblest of his subjects, and to foreign visitors, several

Utah people having been granted interviews with him. His literary ability

was marked, and he wrote many volumes of poetry and history, and was able to deliver orations in Latin and in many modern languages. - He was just

and impartial, and a lover of peace, and as such acted as arbiter in the

Samoan question in 1902, and between

Great Britain and the United States over the Venezuelan question in 1896.

Born January 21, 1829, he was nearly 79 years old at his death. Of his

four sons by his marriage with queen

Sophia, June 6, 1857, the eldest son,

Gustaf Adolph, duke of Varmland, now king, was born June 16, 1858,

Photo by Florman, Stockholm.

and married to Princess Victoria,

KING OSCAR II, IN 1892. daughter of the Grand Duke of Baden,

September 20, 1881. He took the oath

of office some four hours after his father's death, assuming the title of Gustaf V, and the motto, "With the People for the Fatherland."He resembles his father

in features and stature, and has several times acted as regent in the illness of his father. The secession of Norway in June, 1905, was doubtless a great blow

to King Oscar, who had labored untiringly, and with great tact and ability, during his long and peaceful reign to unite and keep upon good terms the "brother peoples."The Ocean Travel Record.—The turbine steamship, Lusifania, of the

Cunard line, which made her maiden trip over the Atlantic, September 8-13, has made a new record, arriving in New York five days and fiftyfour minutes after leaving Queenstown. The record had previously been five days, seven hours, and

238 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

twentythree minutes held by the Lucania of the same line. On the second trip,

October 7-11, she broke all records and made the time in four days, nineteen hours and fifty minutes. On this trip Ludtania made a day's run of 618 miles,

and 23. 99, the fastest speed per hour, breaking the previous record held by the

German liner Dentschland, of 601 miles per day, and by Kaiser Wilhelm II, of 23.58 per hour. Now comes Mauritania, of the Cunard line also, November 22,

with 624 miles for one day to her credit, but still behind the Lusitania on crossing the Atlantic. Says Harper's Weekly:

The driving power that sent the Lusitania across the Atlantic so swiftly and smoothly is a battery of turbine engines. The primary principle of this type of

engine is that the steam is blown upon revolving blades as the wind blows upon the sails of a windmill. This sets up at once a continuous circular motion,

instead of the to and fro motion of the oldstyle reciprocating engine. This continuous motion, it is claimed by the inventors, produces more power per pound of

coal than the old reciprocating engine, and there is an entire absence of the vibration which has so long been the terror of squeamish travelers by sea.

Presiding Bishopric Reorganized.—After a long and faithful service as

Presiding Bishop of the Church, extending from April 6, 1884, Bishop W. B. Preston, on account of failing health and the death of Bishop Robert T. Burton, has

been honorably released from that position. He retires with the love and good

will of all with whom he was associated, and with the consciousness of duty well done. The announcement of his retirement was made December 6, 1907; and on the

11 fch, the following official announcement of the reorganization of the Bishopric was made public:

To the Officers and Members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints:

Greeting: We have great pleasure in informing you that the Presiding

Bishopric of the Chursh of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints is again organized, with Charles W. Nibley as Presiding Bishop, and Orin P. Miller as first, and

David A. Smith as second counselor, these brethren having been this day ordained

and set apart to these offices in the Priesthood.

Hereafter officers and members of the Church and others having business with the Presiding Bishopric will please address their communications to Bishop

Charles W. Nibley, at the Presiding Bishop's office, 12 North Main street, Salt

Lake City, Utah.

Joseph F. Smith,

John R. Winder,

Anthon H. Lund,

First Presidency.

Bishop Nibley is a well known Utah and Oregon business man, interested in many large business enterprises. He was born near Edinburgh, Scotland, February 5, 1849. He is the son of James and Jean Nibley, who were converted to the

gospel in 1844, and emigrated to America in 1855, staying first in Rhode Island, and coming to Utah in 1860. They settled in Wellsville, Cache county, where

Charles remained until 1863, when he went to Brigham City. The following year he

went on a mission to the Eastern States. Returning, he engaged in railroad

work until the spring of 1877, when he was called on a mission to Great

EVENTS AND COMMENTS. 239

Britain, then under the presidency of President Joseph F. Smith. Returning

home, he went into business in Logan where he became prominent in business, social and religious affairs. For many years he was superintendent of Sunday schools

of Cache stake. Some eighteen years ago he turned his attention to business enterprises in the Northwest, becoming a chief factor in building up eastern Oregon

and western Idaho. Among the positions held by him are. Secretary Oregon

L'lmber Co., vicepresident Sumpter Valley Railroad, and now president of the

Payette Valley Railroad, and a founder and chief official in the La Grande Sugar

Co. In the organization of the Union stake and the colonization of Grande Ronde

Valley, Oregon, and Payette Valley, Idaho, he took active and leading part. In

Union stake, he was first counselor to President Franklin S. Bramwell. He is an

active, progressive and aggressive man of affairs, whose life and character are irreproachable, as his integrity is unquestioned. His judgment and ability are of

the highest order, and spiritually he is a good Latterday Saint, and fills as well as any man the qualifications required of a bishop, as set forth in 1 Timothy 3:

1-7, which may also truthfully be said of Bishops Orin P. Miller and David A.

Smith, his associates. It might be added that Bisnop Nibley's seven sons, who are

now groivn, have performed, all told, 20 years of missionary service abroad in addition to his own missions. One son, Elder Alex. Nibley, has been on two missions to Holland, and was the president of the Netherlands mission.

Bishop Miller, now promoted to first counselor, was born at Mill Creek, September 11, 1858, and has served as second counselor in the bishopric since October 24, 1901. He is one of the wellknown business men of Salt Lake county,

and has proved equal to the arduous task of his office during the ill health of

Bishops Preston and Burton, during the past few months, when the burden fell upon him.

David A. Smith is a son of President Joseph F. Smith and Julina L. Smith,

and was born in Salt Lake City, May 24, 1879. For two years he was deputy clerk

of Salt Lake ounty, and has acted as chief deputy for the past three years. His

obliging ways and pleasant demeanor have earned for him thousands of admirers, and his special ability for his present calling is not doubted in the least by his hosts of friends. He has been a faithful worker in all the lower offices of the

Priesthood, and in the auxiliary organizations. He was counselor to the M. I. A.

in the Sugar ward,and later counselor to the stake superintendent Y. M. M. I. A. in

Liberty stake, and was a member of the stake Sunday School Board before the division of the Salt Lake stake.

The Third Douma.—On November 26, the Russian Douma voted 246 to

112 to strike out the title "autocrat"from the address which that body was framing to the Czar in reply to his speech from the throne. The vote was taken

after a long and impassioned debate, and it virtually questions the right of the

Czar to that title. But when Premier Stolypin, some three days later addressed

the Douma, he strongly reaffirmed the autocratic power of the Emperor, and declared that the government would crush disorders with an iron hand. He then

.

240 IMPRO VEMENT ERA

told the gentlemen of the various administration projects to which they were expected to give their sanction. The next day there was a great tumult when one

of the speakers applied an obnoxious phrase to the premier, for which he was roughly handled by members of the Right, and by the Douma suspended for fifteen

sittings.

Utah Bank Failed.—The Green River State Bank, of Green River, Emery

county, was closed on the 18th, by order of Secretary of State Charles Tingey, and State Bank Examiner C. A. Glazier who is now in charge. The failure is

due to general depression and loss of business as a result of breaking of an irrigation dam which left the place without water, and caused many people to remove and withdraw their money. The loans are said to be in good condition, and it is

believed the depositors will be paid in full. The deposits amounted to between

$48,000 and $49,000.

its first Sixtieth Congress.—On December 2, the 60th Congress opened

session. The new senators took the oath of nflSce, and then the Senate adjourned

as a tribute of respect to the late Senators Morgan and Pettus. Once more, Senator Frye of Maine has been elected president -pro tempore of the Senate. The

House of Representatives again elected Mr. Cannon of Illinois as speaker. On

the 3d, the President's message was read. It is a long and important document

dealing with the leading questions before the nation, and which every American should carefully consider. He renewed his recommendation of an extension of

national activity in the direction of the control of railroads and corporations doing any interstate business, and urged that the Interstate Commerce Commission should have authority to pass on future issues of railroad stock, and to make physical examinations of railroad property; but considered that the Sherman law

should be modified to permit of honest combination. In money affairs, he

recommended early Congressional action to give the currency elasticity by providing an emergency currency based on sound guaranty. This currency should

carry a heavy tax to insure its immediate retirement when the crisis had passed. Among many other important recommendations were these: Publicity

of campaign expenditures, and congressional appropriations for each of the great national parties; adequate support of the army and navy; conservation of the

nation's natural resources; an inheritance and a progressive income tax; the removal of duty on forest products, especially pulp wood; and a scrutiny of the

tariff schedules, but not in a year preceeding a presidential election. [These are all

live topics, and time may well be spent profitably in studying their every phase, as the young men of today are the voters who will be called upon to determine how the nation shall settle them.

J B. Robblns,';A. C Keeley,'! R. Dumbeck.AVWMWWWWW

S. L. BJrd, Manager. S. B. Robbins

Cream Shipped everywhere m-TJi KEELEY BOOKS ICE CREAM COMPANY New Witness. $1.50PRICE

Life of Joseph Smith Wholesale and Retail Makers of

Cloth...'. $1.00 Pure Ice Cream,

Morocco... 2.50 Sherbets,

Y. M. M. I. A. MinWater Ices,

ute Book....25 Fancy Bricks,

Y. M. M. I. A. Roll

Frozen Puddings, Book 75 Punches, Etc. Manuals 25

year. 2.00 HIGH GRADE CANDIES ERA, per

Delivered to Any Ptrt of the City Send to ERA Office, 214

Templeton Building, Salt Factory and Office. 26o State St. Lake City for these books.

Both Phones 3223 Prompt Service,

Salt Lake City, Utah. SNS/SN/>N/SS/'

The Remington AutoLoading Shotgun "BROWNING'SPATENT"

It was the Remington Autoloading Shotgun, in the hands of an amateur, that won the recent Grand American Handicap against 495 contestants. It is

the PERFECT gun for trap and field.

Send for our 150 page catalog; it is free. We hare "Everything for

Every Sport in Erery Season.

BROWNING BROS. CO., Ogden, Utah.

The Ensign Knitting Co.

Positively make* the best SWEATERS and KNITTED UNDERWEAR in the West.

APPROVED GARMENTS of the wellknown original Nauvoo Brand always on hand.

Their Mountain Lion Brand HOSIERY is as nearly holeproof as can be, and is strictly guaranteed.

If your dealers do not carry their goods, call or write to the factory direct,

30 and 32 Richards Street. Salt Lake City, Utah.

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Era.)

1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1:

I I i I! I I I I I I I I I I I 1 I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I H

Fashionable Clothes

That rank with the costliest toorder- made clothes in every point of style, quality, finish and fit, from $15. TO $50.

Our line of Gent's Furnishings is simply elegant. Never before did we have

such a variety of stylish and upto-date neck:wka.r

I. Z. C. M.

: Our Drug Store is at 112114 S. Main St.

1 1 i 1 i 1 1 1 1 1 I i 1 1 1 1 i I I i 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 H

1 1 1 I 1 1 1 i 1 1 1 1 1 1! 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 i 1 1 1 i 1 1 1 1 i i I ii n M n 1 1 i 1 1 nn

Co.. CLAYTON MUSIC

LEADING MUSIC DEALERS.

General Representatives the Ever Popular

KIMBALL PIANO Over 175,000 in Use

Prices and Tctms to suit Evctybody

CO., CLAYTON MUSIC

Evetytiiing known in Music 10911-13 SoMain Street, Salt Lak< City

1 1 1 II 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 II 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 n (When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Era.)