5yJ

BWmdnnskcST M R

i*v *7

Chinese Danish Dutch American Indian (English) Finnish

French German Italian Japanese Korean

, L Unified Magazine SsJ Now in 17 Languages See Page 4

Norwegian Portuguese

Samoan Spanish Swedish Tahitian Tongan

'illiilJ 'I 1 ill l imihl.lt hu

Under the direction Prepare the Prophet, a divinely inspired program has been \burself for established to meet your social and spiritual needs—The Institute of Religion. Meaningful

Living

INVOLVE YOURSELF IN THE INSTITUTE PROGRAM NOW!

The Voice of the Church August 1969 Volume 72, Number 8

On the Cover: Special Features

2 The Editors Page: Our Worldwide Church, President David 0. McKay

Our cover features a recent issue of the socalled Unified Magazine, a somewhat ap- 4 The Unified Magazine, Doyle L. Green

propriate term used to describe a 36page 8 The Open House Program, Dr. Edwin O. Haroldsen

monthly magazine available to members of the Church in 17 language areas. The March 20 Keep Cool: An Open Letter to Anguished Parents

Era cover was used on this issue. 28 The Smiths Who Handled the Plates (Part 10), Dr. Richard Lloyd

Since the editorial selection, layout and Anderson design, illustrations and photographs, and 50 On Reaching for the Moon, William T. Sykes

covers for the magazines are determined at

Church headquarters, the term unified maga60 An 1833 Guide for the Prevention of Heart Disease, Dr. Ray G. Cowley

zine has come to reflect the process of pro75 A New Look at the Pearl of Great Price: Part 8, Facsimile No. 1, by

duction. Interestingly, from selection of the the Figures, Dr. Hugh Nibley

editorial material until completion of printing in 17 languages takes about four months and involves many steps, some of which present Regular Features intriguing difficulties: For example, for some

Priesthood Page: How to Use Records and Reports, Elder

itlanguages takes percent up to 20 more 16 Melchizedek

Delbert L. Stapley

to say thingspace the in English. than same

Hence, an article design and layout for each 24 Teaching: The Pay That Doesn't Come in an Envelope, Wayne B. Lynn

magazine must take this into consideration. 53 Today's Family: When Family Means Roommates, Eleanor Knowles

Even the editorial selection presents challenges: While not all areas of the Church 58 The Church Moves On

have temples, seminary programs, or the 64 Presiding Bishop's Page: The Presiding Bishop Talks to Youth About

same attitudes about all subjects, editorial the Word of Wisdom, Bishop John H. Vandenberg

selection must attempt to meet the general 66 The LDS Scene needs of all Latterday Saints and the specific needs of each lingual groupculture. 69 Buffs and Rebuffs

For more information about this important 70 Lest We Forget: Evening Time With the Joseph Smith Family, Albert L.

development in Church correlation and adZobell, Jr.

ministration, see page 4 for "The Unified

Magazine"by Doyle L. Green, Improvement 72 These Times: The New Commandment, Dr. G. Homer Durham

Era managing editor and managing editor of 88 End of an Era

Editorialthe This Department. new Church 61, 67, 69, 71 The Spoken Word, Richard L. Evans

isdepartment responsible, other among things, for the editing of all Church manuals and instructional materials and the producEra of Youth tion of the Unified Magazine.

3549 Marion D. Hanks and Elaine Cannon, Editors

Fiction, Poetry 12 Put a Star on Shadow Mountain, Caroi Clark Ottesen 26, 32, 34, 56 Poetry

EditorialF.Editors;Price,Associates;StaffDoyleArtist.L Green,Marion ManagingD. Hanks, Editor;Era of AlbertYouth L.Editor;Zobell,ElaineJr., ResearchCannon. EraEditor;of YouthMabelAssociateJanes Gabbott,Editor; Jay M, Todd, DavidEleanorRalph 0.Reynolds,Knowles,McKay ArtandWilliamDirector;RichardT. Sykes,L.NormanEvans,

G.G.ManagerCarlosHomerSmith,andDurham,SubscriptionJr., GeneralFranklinDirector;Manager;S. Harris,ThayerFlorenceJr., HughEvans,S. Jacobsen,Nibley,S. GlennSidneyAssociateSmith,B. Sperry,AdvertisingGeneral AlbertManager;Representatives.L. Payne,Verl F.ContributingScott, BusinessEditors.Manager; A. Glen Snarr, Acting Business

General of The3 MutualChurchyears, Improvement$8.25;of JesuseachChristsucceedingAssociationof Latterdayyear,of The$2.50Saints.Churcha AllyearofrightsJesusaddedreserved.Christto theof SubscriptionLatterdaythree-year Saints,price;price, 3501969,$3.00singleanda year,publishedcopy, inexceptadvance;by thefor specialmultipleMutual issues.Improvementsubscriptions,Superintendent,Associations2 years.Young$5.75;Men's

Office, Salt the Entered in section Utah, class mailing of at Acceptance for for special rate as matter. provided 1103, postage second Octoberat LakeJuly authorized 1918. City)2, Post1917,

contributions. responsible for paid for is not but are ofImprovement be Manuscripts manuscripts on acceptance welcomes and must sufficientEra by delivery actTheaccompanied postage unsolicitedand

for of Thirty notice required recent address. days'include address magazine. of issue slip from a the change, Address return.When

well is included.please thechangeforold be unless address cannot as as ordering ismade aone changes the new

Official organ of the Priesthood Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, Home Teaching Committee,

Music Committee, Church School System, and other agencies of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

The Improvement Era, 79 South State, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

The "Editor's Page"in 17 languages

The Editor's Page

OurWorldwide Church A Message in 17 Tongues

Norwegian Chinese

Var Verdensomspennende Kirke Av president David O. McKay ft ti t tMk,

Gud velsigne Kirken. Den er verdensomspennende og dens innflydelse skulle

bli f0lt av alle nasjoner. Ma hans

and influere menneskene overalt og vende deres hjerter mot forstaelse og fred.

Swedish Italian

Var Varldsomfattande Kyrka La Nostra Chiesa Mondiale

Av president David O. McKay di Presidente David O. McKay

Ma Gud valsigna kyrkan. Den stracker Dio benedica la Chiesa. E'una Chiesa

sig over hela jorden och dess inflytande conosciuta in tutto il mondo e la sua inborde kannas av alia lander. Ma hans fluenza dovra essere sentita in tutte le

ande utgjutas over manskor overallt och nazioni. Che il suo spirito abbia influvanda deras hjartan mot fred och god enza negli uomini ovunque e incline i

vilja. loro cuori verso la buona volonta e la

pace.

Portuguese English

Nossa Igreja Mundial Our Worldwide Church

Pelo Presidente David O. McKay By President David 0. McKay

Que Deus abenoe a Igreja. E mundial, God bless the Church. It is worldwide,

e sua influencia deve tocar todas as and its influence should be felt by all nacoes. Que Seu espirito possa influnations. May his spirit influence men

enciar a humanidade e inclinar seus everywhere and incline their hearts tocoracoes a paz e boa vontade. ward goodwill and peace.

Dutch German

Onze Wereldomvattende Kerk Unsere Weltumspannende Kirche

Door president David 0. McKay von President David O. McKay

God zegene de Kerk. Zij is werelGott segne die Kirche. Sie umspannt

domspannend en haar invloed moet wel die ganze Welt und alle Lander sollen door alle naties gevoeld worden. Moge ihren Einflufi spiiren. Moge Sein Geist

Gods Geest het ganse mensdom beinalle Menschen beeinflussen, damit sie vloeden en hun hart richten tot vrede guten Willens und friedlich gesinnt sind.

en in de mensen een welbehagen,

Improvement Era

French Tongan Notre Eglise Universelle Hotau Siasi Faka'Univeesi par le president David O. McKay Fai 'e Palcsiteni David O. McKay

Dieu benisse l'Eglise! Elle est uni- 'Ofa ke tapuekina 'e he 'Otua 'a e

verselle et toutes les nations devraient Siasi. Kuo hoko ia ko ha siasi faka'unisubir son influence. Puisse Son esprit veesi, pea 'e ongona 'a hono ongo 'e he

influer sur tous les hommes et incliner ngaahi pule'anga kotoa pe. 'Ofa ke

'i leur coeur vers la bonne volonte et la fakaue'i 'e Hono laumalie 'a e kakai paix! he potu kotoa pe, pea ke takiekina honau

loto ki he loto 'ofa mo e melino.

Japanese Tahitian Ta Tatou Ekalesia i Te Ao Taatoa Nei r v P i y*r< r>&4, Na te Peresideni David O. McKay

la haamaitaihia te Ekalesia e te Atua.

Tei roto te Ekalesia i te ao taatoa nei e to'na mana e mea tia ja i te faariihia e te mau nunaa atoa. Na te varua o te

Atua e faauru i te mau taata i te mau vahi atoa e, e faafariu i to ratou mau aau i roto i te hinaaro maitai e te hau.

Finnish Korean & 'J2*M Maailmanlaajuinen kirkkomme

Presidentti David 0. McKay

Jumala siunatkoon kirkkoa. Se on

maailmanlaajuinen ja kaikkien kansa- > <f% %5 \. 'ZiV ei<- *et'in'4, %**"& t\

tulisi sen vaikutus. tuntea kuntien

ihmisia (A\1 0.< 3cni A,H- *<.- Henkensa Koskettakoon Hanen ia wz t kaikkialla ja vaikuttakoon heidan syda- "Z v0- ***\ H a sh ****?* * > %

$V*$\Ar, miinsa niin, etta vallitsisi rauha ja hyva JA W'i tahto.

American Indian (English) Danish

Our Worldwide Church Vor Verdensomspsendende Kirke

By President David 0. McKay Af President David 0. McKay

God bless the Church. It is worldwide, Gud velsigne Kirken. Den er verdenand its influence should be felt by all somspsendende, og dens indflydelse

nations. May his spirit influence men burde f0les af alle nationer. Ma Hans

everywhere and incline their hearts toand 0ve indflydelse pa mennesker overward goodwill and peace. alt i verden og forlene deres hjerter med

trangen til at vise god vilje og skabe fred.

Samoan Spanish La Tatou Ekalesia I Le Lalolagi Atoa Nuestra Iglesia Es Mundial

Tautalagia e Peresitcne David O. McKay Por el Prcsidente David O. McKay

la fa'amanuia e le Atua le Ekalesia. Dios bendiga la Iglesia. Esta en todo

Ua i ai nei i le lalolagi atoa ma e tatau el mundo y su influencia se debe sentir ai ona lagonaina e atunu'u uma lona en todas las naciones. Que su Espiritu

aoga. la musuia e Lona Agaga tagata ilumine a los hombres en todas partes

uma i so'o se atunu'u ma fa'aua'i atu 6 y conduzca sus corazones hacia la paz y latou loto i le alofa ma le filemu. buena voluntad.

August 1969 to saved, enter into to be of and Him the KingdomThe Church sends its messages in faith except Christ, God, Jesus repentance, and to theworld through the baptism for the remission of sins, and any other course is in vain: then you have the promise of the gift of

the Holy Ghost.'

"Baptism is one of the first principles and ordinances of the gospel...."(See Era, April 1969, p. 2.)UNIFIED Finishing the article by President McKay, which fills

two pages, the family may discuss the meaning of this MAGAZINE important message to them. Then turning through

farly in August Chinese the magazine, they will find articles and features of Doyle L. Green By of the members Church value family to every and interest For exammember. Editor Managing in Far the Southern East ple, there are three other messages from General

Mission will receive in Authorities: "Perhaps the Hardest Lesson to Learn,"

the mail copies of a monthly magazine, 8% x 11 inches by Elder Richard L. Evans of the Council of the

in size. On the cover will be a beautiful fullcolor

Twelve; "A Message of Inspiration,"by Elder Theoreprocluction of a painting of Noah warning the people

dore M. Burton, Assistant to the Council of the Twelve;

of the impending flood. The name of the magazine in and "The Presiding Bishop Talks to Youth About

which interpreted Chinese is j 2LJk t, Tithing,"by Bishop John H. Vandenberg.

means The Voice of the Saints. The children will find four pages of material that When the magazine arrives, many fathers in those includes pictures of and quotations from each member

faroff lands will gather their families around them, of the Council of the Twelve. In addition, there will

talk about the cover, then open the magazine to the be the following features: a story, "Personal Appraisal,"

lead article on the first page, and read a message from an account of two men who placed personal integrity the Prophet of the Lord, President David O. McKay.

There is such a message in each issue. The August

article is entitled "The Gate of Baptism."

From the native Chinese characters he would read:

'Baptism,'said the Prophet Joseph Smith, 'is a sign from God,... and there is no other way beneath the

heavens wherebv God hath ordained for man to come above personal gain; an article called "Adults—and saving precious missionary hours, cutting expenses,

This Business of Learning"; and the following addiand at the same time upgrading the quality of the

tional features: "Mother Habits,""Planning Your Lespublications.

son Presentation,""A Rewarding Rule of Health,"In working out the problems, Elder Hunter sought "Friends Are Made at MIA,""Power? To Do What?"the assistance of Bishop John H. Vandenberg and

and "The Evil Designs of Men."In the back of the Bishop Victor L. Brown of the Presiding Bishopric,

magazine they will find interesting and vital items who supervise translation and distribution services concerning the Church and Church members in the for the Church. Much credit for helping develop the

Southern Far East Mission. Some 1,000 copies of the idea goes to the staff of the Distribution and TranslaChinese The Voice of the Saints are distributed each tion Division, which at the time was managed by

month. J. Thomas Fyans and which is now supervised by

On approximately the same day members of the John E. Carr.

Church in 16 other language areas throughout the After a good deal of study it was concluded that world will receive the same basic magazine with the the best way to proceed would be to select the most same cover, same layouts, same photographs, same vital and appropriate articles prepared for use in articles and features, but translated into and printed The Improvement Era, The Instructor, The Children's in their own languages. The primary difference beFriend, and The Relief Society Magazine, combine

tween the magazines will be the five pages of items these with articles prepared by various Church orgaof local interest. nizations, and add some local material prepared under

The idea for a unified magazine for the nonEnglish- the direction of the mission presidents. These articles

speaking peoples of the Church was developed by and features would then be translated into the various

Elder Howard W. Hunter of the Council of the Twelve languages. This would make it possible for one

in 1966 when he was supervising the European central staff to perform work that had formerly been

Mission. done in almost every mission area in the Church.

As he traveled from one mission to another and The first edition of the new unified magazine apobserved the workings of the mission staffs, Elder peared in March 1967 in nine European languages. As

Hunter noted the great amount of time that was being leaders in other mission areas saw the value and potenspent by mission presidents and missionaries in productial of the publication, other languages were added, ing mission magazines. Also, he was concerned because and soon the service was extended to other areas,

the magazines varied so much in quality and in content. including the Far East and Polynesia. Today the

He then set about to unify and correlate the efforts magazine is being printed in 17 languages, including going into the publications with the goal in mind of: the English edition for the American Indians. The

languages in which the magazine is now being printed and the name of the publication in each follow:

KTJ * H \fr:

If;t!Si

These eight different language magazines are printed in Frankfurt, Germany.

It is interesting to note that four of the publications

Chinese The Voice are called Liahona, after the compass that the Lord of the Saints provided for the prophet Lehi to guide his family

Danish Den danske The Danish through the wilderness.

Stjerne Star A number of these publications will be familiar to

Dutch De Ster The Star returned missionaries and others, as some of these magazines have been published for many years, The

English The Liahona German Der Stern, for example, this year printed a (for American Indiav special issue in observance of its onehundredth anniFinnish Valkeus The Light versary. It was begun in 1869 and has a long and

French L'fitoile The Star honored history of useful service to the Germanspeak-

German Der Stem The Star ing peoples. Today it has a circulation of about 6,000.

The Spanish Lialwna, which has a current circulation

Italian La Stella The Star of 7,700, has been published since 1945.

Japanese The Way The next largest magazine in point of circulation of the Saints (3,750) is the French L'Etoile. It has been printed

Korean The Friend since 1928. WW of the Saints On the other hand, some of the magazines are very

new and have small circulations. The Italian La Stella,

Norwegian Lys over Light over for example, has a circulation of 500. The newest

Norge Norway magazine of the group is the Tahitian Te Tiarama,

Portuguese A Liahona which serves the Saints in the French Polynesian

Samoan O Le Liahona Mission. It was first issued in August 1968. The

French L'Etoile is also circulated among the Saints

Spanish Liahona in that mission.

Swedish Nordstjarnan The North In August 1968 the editorial responsibility for the

Star Unified Magazine was transferred to the newly formed

Tahitian Te Tiarama The Light Church Editorial Department, which functions under the supervision of the chairman of the Correlation

Tongan Ko E Tuhulu The Torch Executive Committee, Elder Harold B. Lee. Each

month materials from our current English language magazines are carefully selected and screened by the

SaoPmb editorial staff, and the proposed articles and features / reviewedfor the unifiedby a committeemagazinesfromare theselected.Church'sTheseTranslaare

tion Department, made up of representatives of the various language areas. They are then read by repreArgmtina /

llryiqwuj sentatives of the Church's Correlation Committee.

Layouts are made, photographs and art work are selected or produced, and duplicate sets of the trans- 0*$ igiijlii ik lator's copy are then forwarded by the Translation

Department to its representatives in the language areas, where the material is translated into 16 lanmi guages. The translations are then forwarded, along TE TIARAMA LE L1AH0NA

with five pages of materials provided by the missions, to one of seven printing centers, where they are set into type.

In the meantime, the editorial staff in Salt Lake City has had produced duplicate sets of color separations to be used for the cover. These are generally taken

from The Improvement Era. Duplicate sets of positive

or negative films of all the photographs and other art work to be used on the inside pages are also made.

These, along with complete layouts and printing inoWriZfd structions, are sent directly to the printing centers, where the material is then all assembled and the magazines are printed. Auhknd

Printing centers for the magazines are: English

(American Indian) and Spanish, Salt Lake City; <aQ>V

Portuguese, Sao Paulo, Brazil; Samoan, Tongan, and

Tahitian, Auckland, New Zealand; German, Italian,

Norwegian, Swedish, Finnish, French, Danish, and

Dutch, Frankfurt, Germany; Chinese, Hong Kong;

Japanese, Tokyo; Korean, Seoul.

The unified magazine program is in keeping with the desires of the General Authorities to give our brothers and sisters, wherever they may live, the advantage of as much of the Church program as possible.

Through the magazine important messages from the

General Authorities and vital items concerning the

Church, its doctrine, policies, and developments are now being sent monthly in essentially the same form into homes of Church members and friends throughout the world.

Portuguese version is printed in Sao Paulo, Brazil. The Chinese

version is printed in Hong Kong, Korean in Seoul, and Japanese

HongHong in Tokyo. Samoan, Tahitian, and Tongan magazines are printed

in Auckland, New Zealand.

Bishop A. Barrie Best of the Racine (Wisconsin) Ward Elder Daniel B. Baxter, Northern States missiondiscusses meaning of the temple at Kenosha open house. ary, explains Church organization to young boys.

Visitors at the open house engage in informal, easygoing, pleasant discussion.

The OpenByHouseDr. Edwin 0. Haroldsen Program

Edwin 0. Haroldsen, Chicago regional editor of a weekly national news

magazine, is a member of the Chicago South Stake high council.

A popular and effective method to introduce the Church to nonMissionary open houses in the member friends and neighbors is to hold an open house. Simply Northern States Mission the past

stated, an open house is an opportunity for members and missionyear stirred many to action—and

aries to bring visitors and guests by personal invitation to a house a significant number of investigaof the Lord. The main plan of the socialspiritual evening includes tors were baptized.

a tour of the building, an explanation of specially prepared exhibits A meter maid in uniform and on on gospel principles, perhaps a movie, and light refreshments. The duty stopped in at a downtown

story of this activity in one mission is detailed in the following open house in Kenosha, Wisconsin, article. Hopefully you and your branch or ivard members will be intending to stay but a few minencouraged to help your mission president, stake or fulltime missionutes. She remained an hour, took

aries, seventies, ayid home teachers to hold your oivn open houses. the tour, and saw the Church's

Improvement Era

tized into the Church, reports stories, and hundreds of radio and

Warren W. Henderson, recently TV announcements have helped

released mission president. They bringfriends to open houses. A Milaccounted for about 20 percent waukee station, WITITV, showed

of the mission's 724 convert bap- a 50second color film of an open tisms last year. house on its 10 p.m. news broadOpen house visitors came from cast. WGN, one of Chicago's prinvaried backgrounds—mayors of cipal radio stations, announced

Clinton, Iowa; DeKalb, Illinois; and the Logan Square Ward open house

Kenosha, Wisconsin; the president several times.

of Prairie State College near ChiThe Madison, Wisconsin, CBS cago; 50 ministers of other faiths; affiliate, WISCTV, telecast a sespeople from many walks of life. sion of general conference. DurBishop Barrie encourages a couple attend- A woman whose daughter was ing all of the breaks in this proing the open house to register their visit. recently baptized came to an open gram the station mentioned an uphouse in West Frankfort, Illinois, coming Madison open house and

"to see the church that has done made up its own TV slides adverso much for my daughter."tising the event.

At Kenosha, nonmembers bought * A woman in Sauk City, Wiscon50 copies of the Book of Mormon, sin, 40 miles away, after learning and at the Logan Square Ward in of the Madison open house from

Chicago, almost that many were a TV announcement, telephoned sold. long distance to find out about it

Visitors carried away 500 free and brought three nonmember copies of the Family Home Evefriends.

ning Manual in open houses over Two college graduates, one a the mission last year. bank teller and the other a teach-

A nonmember woman with a er, attended an open house in master's degree in history took Oregon, Illinois, after seeing a one of the manuals at the Univerposter in a store window.

sity Ward open house in Chicago A young 19year-old college and read 26 lessons in a short student of suburban Chicago met time. Depressed on one occasion, "some wonderful Mormon girls"

Wisconsin, at the Kenosha,Ward member she picked up the manual and while vacationing in Wyoming. She

of visiqueries gospe/ house answersopen tors. read about the virtue of work. wanted to join the Church then,

Then she reported she went out but her parents asked her to wait.

and cleaned her car and "felt so When she returned home from her happy."vacation, she saw an advertiseAfter an open house in Freeport, ment of an open house to be held

Illinois, a nonmember family bein Wilmette, Illinois. Her parents

gan holding regular family home attended with her and were so imevenings using the manual. A 50pressed they consented to her

yearold woman took three manbaptism shortly after.

movie Man's Search for Happiuals at the DeKalb, Illinois, open A world traveler learned of an ness. She is now studying the goshouse to give to other people. open house in Wilmette through

pel. The wife of a physician in Kereading a newspaper announceApproximately 1,500 nonmemnosha said the manual is just what ment. At the open house, he was

bers were given a glimpse of Morshe needs when her family is at told about Tuesday night genealmon doctrine and family life at 75 their cabin or can't make it to ogy classes; he replied, "Well,

open houses in four states in the their church on Sundays. She has this is where I belong."

Northern States Mission in 1968. also invited missionaries into her A Milwaukee family saw a news-

(In the first five months of 1969, home. paper announcement, attended an

these—or1,951 attended.)one in ten—wereNearly 150bapof tionsSomeplus25,000posters,personalnewspaperinvitaopenChurch. house, and joined the

August 1969 A 17year-old Catholic high warmly. They learned that the "We're the ones who give them,"

school girl attended an open house grandparents had attended the replied Elder Michael D. Alvey of

at Kenosha because she heard same open house, and that neither Salt Lake City.

she could get information on gefamily had known in advance that Connie Mowrey attended an nealogy and family trees. She comthe other would attend. They are open house in Davenport, Iowa, in

mented after seeing the film now teaching the family the gospel. September, and joined the Church

Man's Search for Happiness: "The Many others have continued in December. On a single Saturfact that your members and represtudying the gospel after attendday recently, five persons were

sentatives have such courage of ing an open house the past year. baptized in Davenport and five in

their convictions really amazes When missionaries made a followChampaign, Illinois, as a direct me. up visit to a family in Chicago, the result of open houses.

When the elders later called on mother announced: "We're going Beverly Bicker attended an open

the family, they were welcomed to have the six lessons."house in Freeport, Illinois, in June

Two recent converts, Brother and Sister Below, left: Visitors at open house step inside mock home for family evening.

William Hermann, discuss Church teachings. Below, right: Children of Bishop and Sister Best take part in presentation.

1968. When the elders came by thusiastic. At Galesburg, Illinois, Declared Bishop Joseph R. Larlater, she let them in because the city's fire chief commented: sen, Jr., of Champaign (Illinois)

"everyone was so friendly."She "Interesting and enlightening analWard:

attended her next open house, in ysis of the teachings and prac- "We have been delighted to use

October, as a member. tices of your church. Should be the new open house program. At

A stake missionary brought Mrs. seen and heard by more people of our first open house we had some

Jayne M. Sears and her two sons other churches to relieve them of 200 or more people, about 80 perto an open house in Elgin, Illinois, many of their prejudices toward cent of them nonmember friends.

in October. She was baptized duryour church. I have served in the In every case they were most faing the Christmas holidays. armed forces and elsewhere with vorably impressed with the buildFriends attending open houses Mormons and can state I have ing, the program, the gracious

during the year were generally ennever met a Mormon I did not like members, and especially the or respect."young fulltime missionaries. Many

A pastor of the Reformed of the visitors are now investigatChurch in America, Chicago, asked ing."

for a copy of the song "I Am a Approximately 7,000 members

Child of God,"sung during a demassisted with open houses in the onstration of the family home evemission in 1968.

ning. After the initial open houses in

A Catholic high school teacher early 1968, President Henderson commented after an open house saw the need for better displays.

at Galesburg, Illinois, "Truthfully Transparencies were obtained from that which interested me and imSalt Lake City, and display boxes pressed me most was the sincerity with fluorescent lights and other and enthusiasm of the young men materials were made for the travwho presented the various poreling displays. "The open houses

tions of the program. Thank you have really been wonderful,"says

Elder Glen T. Martineau explains to police and God bless you all."President Henderson. "They'll be

meter maid Christ's visitation to America. A Peoria, Illinois, teenager, even better this year. We'll hold

Shirley Kincade, commented, "I 100 or more over the mission."

have asked God in my prayers to In the first nine open houses give me the wisdom I lacked. I held in 1969, beginning with one

know that from my discussions in the new Nauvoo, Illinois, chapel, tonight God has answered my 747 nonmembers have visited the prayers."She was later baptized. displays and heard the message of

A nonmember visitor commentthe Church. The average this year

ed, after seeing the John Sonnenhas been 83 nonmembers per berg family demonstrate the family open house—more than four times

home evening at an open house the average of 1968. The attenat Naperville, Illinois: "Oh, that dance was particularly outstanding

in the Nauvoo area, where more Sonnenberg family—you won't seeKenosha open house also presented a typical family enjoying family home evening. any of those kids growing up and than 200 nonmembers heard the

being delinquents."message of the Church.

A Catholic woman bought a Missionaries have noted that

Tabernacle Choir record at the the home evening demonstration

Kenosha, Wisconsin, open house. has been effective with members

She stated, "I am impressed with as well as nonmembers—many

the kindness and true brotherly members who previously had not love of the Latterday Saint membeen holding family home evenings bers."have now begun to hold them. In

In Kenosha, an open house held all of 1968, 500 Family Home in a vacant store in a good downEvening Manuals were distribtown location attracted 100 nonuted; in just one month (March)

members. this year, 393 were given out.

li. '..

taron "It was him, Stanley!"

Two Indian boys, 12 and 15 years old, crouched in a patch of scrub oak and yellow chamiso, their eyes squinting against the setting sun of the Painted Desert.

They scanned the horizon for a flash of reddishbrown and white and listened like transfixed animals for a telltale whinny.

"He came from the canyon. I know it was him,"repeated Reynolds in a coarse whisper.

The younger boy closed his eyes against the glare and thought about his horse. He had been thrilled

when Uncle Fitz found that mustang, trained it, and gave it to him to help herd the sheep. Last fall when

Father had gone away on his construction job and he and Stanley had gone to foster homes in Los Angeles to go to school, they had had to let the horse go.

Nobody was left to ride him. Then, too, it was hard

enough to get food for the family through the winter, let alone to feed a horse. So they had taken off the

stallion's rope bridle and watched him streak away toward Shadow Mountain. A horse can get pretty wild

in a year.

Reynolds sighed and moved from his haunches to

12 Improvement Era j; W iB. \ \v- mm

V- H 'Kfefcti

hadawMmmtai a crosslegged position in front of a tree. "He's gone

again. I can't see or hear anything.''

"Let's just leave him, Reynolds. We go back to

California next week anyway."

There was a pause and then a stolid announcement.

"I'm not going back!"

/ \r\\ "Not going back! How come? The Stacey's—I mean,

I thought you liked them. You had everything you vV

wanted—""I know. But—well, there's so many rules with them.

Here I am one of the Dineh. I can ride my horse for

miles with the wind in my face and my knife at my side! No haircut, no bath, no bed to make, no hard

lessons to do!"

"But you have to go to school."

"I'll go,"Reynolds conceded. "I'll go to Tuba City

Boarding School and come weekends to my horse."

"Well, I'm going back,"confirmed Stanley as he stood up, following a jackrabbit in the sight of his.22 rifle. "Have to, if I'm going to be a doctor sometime like Chee Begay."

"Who needs the white man's language and school when I can shoot that rabbit 50 yards away?"Reynolds

August 1969 13 Indians don't kiss/—church on Sunday. And the air always smelled of

gasoline! He had longed for a whiff of sage and the

he frowningly stated, sharpness of the fall air on the desert, even if he did have a brand new Scout uniform!

as she put out her arms"School was also hard. Everybody knew more than

he did. The teacher talked fast and used words he

didn't understand. He thought all the time of how

spit into the dust and ended the conversation. smart he had been in boarding school and how dumb

The boys just sat. Stanley rested while Reynolds he was in California.

twirled a stick in the dust, remembering how it was Yet—he would miss Eric. Eric was vicepresident of

when he went to Los Angeles last fall on the big the students, and everybody liked him, but Reynolds silver bus.... smiled when he thought how he could wrestle his

First of all, he sure did Stanley a favor by smashing white brother to the floor of their bedroom. Eric had

his glasses before they arrived so Stan wouldn't be put a big gold star on the map of Arizona, right on embarrassed to meet his new parents. He just wished Shadow Mountain, and every time Reynolds looked at

he'd done away with his straw hat too, because when it his mind drew a picture of home. Home. He

they arrived at the big gym at the church nobody was thought of the special work of the Navajo for their wearing such a thing. homeland and said to himself, "Dinetkak—here is where

The church hall was big and busy, with lots of I belong!"

lines to stand in, a dozen (he was sure) shots in the Reynolds ended his reveries as he rose abruptly and arm, swarms of strange faces trying to be friendly, started in the direction of Shadow Mountain. "I'm not

new food that tasted too sweet, a chorus of noisy cars going to California, Stan. I want to be free—really

with anxious foster parents in them coming to pick up free—to run until my chest hurts and tell time by the

their children—all clanging together like a million sun!"He broke into a run. "I'm going after my horse."

crickets. Stanley followed, partly to humor his younger

Just don't kiss me, he thought, as he waited in the brother and because he, too, was exhilarated by the big room for his name to be called. thought of a chase and capture. Resides, Reynolds

"Reynolds Napa,"called the caseworker in a voice couldn't get the stallion alone.

that electrified him. They hiked until dark to the foot of the huge black

He walked slowly to the small room to meet his mountain and sat to rest near a clump of yucca. The

foster family, forgetting even to say goodbye to Stanwhite cactus flowers rose like tall candles from their ley. He hesitated at the door until the caseworker green candlesticks, lighted by a huge unobstructed

motioned him in before a mother, father, two brothers, moon.

and three sisters. He looked quickly away from their "Fire the gun, Stan, and see if that does any good."

gaze, wishing he were a groundhog and could drop The older boy stood and fired one shot into the air suddenly into a hole. The mother put out her arms, nonchalantly.

but he said, with his best frown, "Indians don't kiss."Then, suddenly, the brushes crackled, and from the

Her hand was soft as she shook his, and then she dark shelter of a grove of pinion pine darted a brown smiled, smelling like something sweet that made him and white mustang into a floodlight of moon on the want to sneeze. The father's arm felt warm on his open desert.

shoulder as he took him to a long green car and drove "It is my horse!"

to a house bigger than some of the big houses in FlagWith the spirit of his heterogeneous breeding, the staff. small horse pounded past the boys, who were no less

Reynolds'head swam with all the strangeness, but startled than the stallion. They sprang from the bush

right off he found out about the rules and limits. There and ran like lizards over stone and brush after the

was a bike to ride, but you had to be careful of cars. horse. Stanley, with ready lariat, whirled the rope

You could run a block, but you had to stop when above his head and let it fly. It fell neatly around the

the light was red. Haircuts were every other Wedneshorse's neck, tightened, and brought the animal to an

day—music lessons on Tuesday—Scouts on Thursday abrupt halt. His forefeet climbed into the air, his

white mane billowed like flames on his neck, and a

Carol Clark Ottesen, Relief Society instructor in the frightful whinny sounded against the distant canyon

Palos Verdes (California) Ward, is mother of five and foster mother to an Indian boy from whose background wall.

arose this true story. The horse's captor, who was jerked to the earth,

rolled and turned in the dust with the coarse rope

14 Improvement Era grinding its way into his hands. Navajo woman, stood at the door and silently mo-

"Mount him, Reynolds, mount him!"Stanley spit tioned them inside.

dust as he called to his brother. As she cleaned the wound with salt water and

The younger boy stealthily approached the raging juniper berry juice, the boys told of their adventure, horse, speaking gently to him in Navajo. The horse first one and then the other, speaking in animated

calmed and eyed him warily, shying only as the small tones and gestures. Reynolds lay awake after everybrown hand touched his flanks. The boy grabbed the one had gone to sleep, listening to the soft breathing

rope, and with a quick leap he slipped onto the animal's of his family and dreaming of tomorrow and the back. No sooner had his legs dangled than the horse horse.

threw back his head and reared up again. Reynolds The next day, just as the sun first hit the red rock

grabbed the mane and hugged his body low, hanging of the canyon, Reynolds was up, dressed, and on his on fiercely. Stanley, who had stood up, brushing off way, sending several prairie dogs scurrying down

dust and burrs, pulled the rope toward the trees to their holes in his haste. He ran awhile and rested, ran

secure the horse. With the feel of a taut rope, the and rested, until at last he reached the pine where

mustang leaped forward and bucked, sending Stanley he had tied up the horse the night before. Breathing

to the ground on his face and pulling the rope from hard, with perspiration soaking his headband, he his raw hands. looked unbelievingly at a fourfoot long frayed rope

Now it was Reynolds alone as the horse galloped and a patch of trampled weeds around the tree. Gone

across the open land to the trees, pounding the turf again! Hot tears stung his cheeks as he looked in every

as he reared to free himself of his small burden. But direction for the vagrant horse. Nowhere! Gone, as if

the slight boy clung tenaciously to the mane, somelast night had been only a dream! Gone, to roam the

times nearly slipping off, but righting himself between prairie with the coyote, fox, and other wild horses bucks. The horse's nostrils flared as he rose again in the bitter struggle for survival in a desolate land!

with forefeet flailing, and the small brown boy slipped Why didn't he want to stay? Why?

from the perspirationsoaked back of the horse and Reynolds took the long way home, still looking for thudded to the rocky ground. He was stunned but the mustang, running up every rise for a better view

still held the rope, and the horse stopped dead as the and listening with an ear tuned to nature. Nowhere!

noose tightened around his neck. He strained as The boy pictured him in a green canyon somewhere

Reynolds jumped up quickly and tied him securely with other wild horses and half of a coarse yucca to the tree. Then the boy walked to the horse and rope around his neck. He couldn't blame the horse,

laid his head against the slick white of the animal's really.

neck. Breathing hard, they silently communicated a Nobody at home asked him what happened. They

mutual concession. knew. But he thought about the horse all the way

Stanley came running and waving, calling Reynolds through a plate of fried potatoes and mutton pieces.

by name. He withheld his awe and admiration with That night, the brothers lay awake on the floor of

Indian (and brotherly) aplomb. "Are you hurt?"the hogan. The mother and two small sisters slept

"No,"said Reynolds, as he turned and fell unon a mattress on the other side of a small fire pit in conscious to the ground. the middle of the round shelter.

The older boy looked down into his brother's broad "Reynolds—"

Navajo face and pressed his ear to his chest. Reynolds "What?"

had only fainted, but a nasty cut had opened up on "Will you look for the horse next week after I go to his head. Stanley parted the thick blackness of his California?"

brother's hair and wiped the wound with his shirttail. "No."

"Not too bad, but he will need care.""Why not?"

The horse paced, lifting and rearing to free him- "Why do you think? I'm going back to California

self of the rope. with you."

"Stay here, szhlee'; you have met your match.""How come?"

He carried his brother about a half hour before "Wild horses aren't much good to anybody,"they reached the hogan they called home. The small Reynolds x said stoically, bringing up his knee and

conical dwelling, made primarily of adobe held tokicking Stanley off the rug.

gether with brush and small logs, looked like an overLaughing and rolling over, Stanley called out his turned dish with a small door and fire hole in the brother's Indian name. "Nas'cha Yez'zi (Little Owl)!"

center. A small woman, dressed in the brightly Their mother turned in her sleep, and the boys froze

colored velvet blouse and heavily gathered skirt of the on their rugs asif they were woven in the fabric. O

August 1969 15 How toU

of records definition of in judging: One the Tips on how

".. reads record. and another book: "Toword

put in some permanent was opened, which was form; keep for rememto get the most the book of life; but

brance."Another, "to the dead were judged

of those thingsset down in writing so out of reports--and make out as to keep for future which were written in use. the books, according to

The messages of the them work for you, their works.... And

prophets remind us the book which was the that records among book of life is the recGod's people have two ord which is kept in primary purposes: heaven...."(D&C

1. To help people de128:7.)

velop spiritually and Thus records have progress toward immortality and a glorious eternal life. been important with God's people through the ages

2. To serve as instruments in the hands of selected and are important today. They are vital to all who

servants of God in judging people under their jurishave positions of leadership in the Church, to help diction. people in their quest toward eternal life and to assist

Some of the greatest of the prophets were authors in the judgment and judging in the kingdom.

and keepers of the records, including Moses, Samuel, It must always be remembered that records have

Isaiah, Nephi, Mormon, Moroni, John, and Paul. never been the goal nor the end product in the Church,

Records through the ages have been lasting comeither ancient or restored. Rather, they have served as

munication lines between the Lord's prophets and his tools in the upbuilding of individuals and thereby the people. Through records people have been lifted to upbuilding of the kingdom of God.

a greater knowledge of the Lord; they have learned Records are passive; reports are, or should be, alive

his divine will and his plan and guideposts for journeyand vibrant. Note one of the definitions of a report:

ing on the joyful path that leads back into his presence. 'An account of something seen, heard, read, done, or

It is important to stress this matter of communicaconsidered."Notice that the verbs are all action words.

tion. With good twoway channels of communication Another definition reads: "An account officially exopen and functioning, weaknesses may be avoided and pressed, generally in writing."

strong points fortified. Reports need to be complete, accurate, legible, neat,

But records are more than lines for lifting us heavenand in on time; and they should provide information

ward. That brings us to their second primary purpose: upon which valid decisions can be made. These would

to serve as instruments in the hands of selected servants include copies of notes, minutes, statistical and other of God in judging people under their jurisdiction. reports that are prepared by the clerks and secretaries

To Nephi, the Lord spoke: "For I command all men, and distributed to the administrative officers for study

... that they shall write the words which I speak unto and consideration.

them; for out of the books which shall be written I Reports should contain information on factors that

will judge the world, every man according to their will lead to action on the part of the leaders receiving works, according to that which is written."(2 Ne. them. A report should be in the best possible form

29:11.) for the presentation of the subject matter.

In this dispensation, the Lord has said of the role Reports are to be submitted to and used by the

16 Improvement Era By Elder Delbert L. Stapley f\

Of the Council of the Twelve: J

se Records and Reports

administrative officers of the wards and branches, the compass: to check the course and to learn the direction

stakes and missions throughout the Church. It is the in which he is traveling. Good reports can be the eyes

responsibility of these leaders to see that the reports of the administrators in watching the progress on the are correctly completed. various church fronts that are his responsibility. The

It is also the responsibility of the presiding authority effective leader will study and review reports faithfully.

in every case to select and train those who will act on As he studies good reports, he will see the figures and the reports as well as those who will prepare them. A statistics come alive, and instead of numbers he may

strong leader knows that if he develops his associates, see that Jack Jones has not been graduated from Prihe will become even stronger. mary as a second class Scout, that he hasn't been orEven greater attention will be given by the General dained to the Aaronic Priesthood, nor has he started

Authorities to the selection of stake administrative offito attend MIA meetings.

cers and clerks as they are chosen, sustained, and set A welladvised leader can advise his flock well. He

apart. The responsibility each has toward the reports can be specific in complimenting meritorious accomwill be stressed at the time of the call. A good leader plishments and give pinpoint encouragement in ininspires other men and women with confidence in him; stances where improvement can be attained or where

a great leader inspires them with confidence in more appropriate acthemselves. tion is required.

After proper and prayerful selection, the chosen Local leaders should stake clerks will train their assistants and they together study the reports diliwill train the secretaries to the priesthood quorums gently. They should

and auxiliaries, as well as the ward clerks and thenhave the facts and figassistants. The ward clerks in turn will train their ures at all times. It may

assistants and the secretaries to the Aaronic Priesthood be well to remember quorums and the secretaries to the ward auxiliaries. the adage, "Leadership

The better informed these important workers are, the filters down from the better jobs they will be able to perform, and time spent top; it doesn't bubble

in training these people in the proper functioning of up from the bottom."

their work will be rewarded by better reports that will With good records enable the administrative officers to do a better job. and reports, a leader can evaluate his own performance.

Good reports spotlight the weak areas requiring He can compare the performance of his people now attention and also point up the areas of strength. The in contrast to a month ago, a year ago, or even two

leader can detect whether a unit is progressing or years ago or longer. Someone has said, "Nothing is

retrogressing, whether the people under his jurisdiction good or bad except by comparison."It is better to be

are developing spirituality or declining in spirituality. one's own severest critic and to make comparisons

Accurate reports reveal the direction in which the with himself and his standards rather than with others.

organization is going, and emphasis should be placed Here are some areas of comparison: The gospel teaches

constantly on the correct preparation of the reports eternal progression. What progress are the Church

and to assure that reports are submitted on or before members under my jurisdiction making? What perthe due date. Reports should be reviewed carefully centage of them are attending sacrament meeting now,

and comments made in the space provided. This is compared with a month ago? A year ago? Two years

the best evidence that the report has been studied and ago? What percentage of adult members are qualifyhopefully used. ing for temple recommends? What percentage of marAn able leader uses reports as a mariner uses his riages are being performed in the temple? In which

August 1969 17 direction are we moving in the percentage of our reports will reflect the performance of dedicated youth attending seminary or institutes? These are members.

merely examples; the properly prepared reports will A wise bishop will use reports for guidance in his

reveal many other items of importance. oral evaluations with priesthood leaders. He will use

Statistical reports represent the actions of indireports for his discussions at ward executive and counviduals, and we should ever be mindful that what cil meetings. He will use the records to inquire about

matters is our concern with the child of God within specific families, both the active and the inactive. He

our area of responsibility, and not the figure that repwill use the figures to help guide him and his assoresents him on the report. ciates in making the moves necessary for building souls.

There are other important considerations in the lives The stake president similarly will want to probe with of individuals that concern the leader that are not his bishops and priesthood leaders beyond the reports.

reflected in the records or reports, but records and He will want to know reports are yardsticks we need to use continually for how each bishop is measuring performance. meeting the responsi-

A leader who leads without using his records and bility of planning for reports is like a pilot flying without instruments. He and meeting the needs

should question the trends shown in the reports and of the people in his ask why. Then he can make the necessary moves to ward. Regional Repstrengthen the situation or situations. resentatives of the

An effective and dedicated leader will set goals for Twelve will likewise himself. Once he determines through a study of the inquire how a stake

reports where his organization has been going in cerpresident is working tain areas of performance, he can weigh where he with his bishops in wants to go in helping people grow spiritually. serving his people.

Through the use of written reports the leader can Similarly, General Authorities, as they meet with review on a monthto-month basis the big picture of Regional Representatives of the Twelve and stake the entire program of the Church, as it seeks to exalt presidents, will want to learn how programs are helpthe individual. Records and reports help the wise ing people.

leader to keep the program in proper balance and But in all this effort to build souls, the time, the relationship. talent, and the energies of the leader will be far more

In the divine plan of things, the individual is suproductive if he studies, interprets, and wisely uses preme. The programs of the Church and the reports reports. These records will be more useful to him

of their functioning are aimed to help each member of if they are accurate, complete, and punctual. The

the Church enjoy a more meaningful life here and able leader will therefore choose capable record hereafter. This will be accomplished as we improve keepers. He will see that they are trained and that

our lines of communications; a wellinformed worker they know their duty fully.

is a more effective worker. Indeed, the first purpose of records and reports is

Reports of the various activities of the Church come to help every man and woman to grow through knowtogether at the intersection of the bishop's desk. Under ing Jesus the Christ and in following his plan toward

priesthood correlation the bishop becomes more inperfection and eternal life. Moroni, one of the great

terested in individuals than in programs, even though recorders in the cause of the Lord, gave this counsel the church programs are vitally necessary. He will be for all of us as he sealed up his record:

more interested in filling their needs and in helping "Yea, come unto Christ, and be perfected, in him, them move heavenward than in turning in a favorable and deny yourselves of all ungodliness; and if ye shall

statistical report. He will review the reports in terms deny yourselves of all ungodliness and love God with

of what the activities in his ward are doing toward all your might, mind and strength, then is his grace uplifting individuals. He will study the figures as sufficient for you, that by his grace ye may be perfect

symbols of souls. He will probe beyond those symbols in Christ...."(Moro. 10:32.)

and into the lives of the people he has been called to I pray that the Lord will bless us that we may be lead. Good reports will follow good activity; good equal to our tasks. O

18 Improvement Era Official editions of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints bound in the finest leather.

1) HOLY BIBLE, King James Version 7) JESUS THE CHRIST

Missionary Edition MB3 $15.50 by James E. Talmage

la) Thumb Indexed 16.50 A most thorough study and presentation of

2) TRIPLE COMBINATION in WHITE accepted Church belief concerning the flexible full leather. (washable) $12.75 Savior. $10.50 ORDER FROM A3) MARVELOUS AND WORK A WONDER

8) QUADRUPLE COMBINATION DESERET BOOK COMPANY... size by Le Richards Pocket Grand

City, East South Temple, 44 Utah 10 841 in all four type, large standard Contains works in full leather $5.25 So. Calif Main. Orange, 777 Town OR 92668 Salt& Country,Lake with gold carat edges. 23 $32.00 OFFICIAL4) HYMNAL

1 circled: items Please la send 2 3 4 me grained sizehand Morocco Pocket $5.00 NEW

7 5 5a 6 8 9 TRIPLE5) COMBINATION BIBLE TRIPLE HOLY 9) & COMBINATION Genuine Morocco $11.00 Cape Total 4'/?% cost include This $ must is Calfskin Set. This set Matched New5a) indexed $12.00 Thumb tax sales Salt from residents ordering or Utah Lake, from

in fine, being published, FIRST TIME, FOR THE sales tax California ordering residents from from 5% ARTICLES FAITH6) THE OF

Paid calfskin binding. soft, saddlebrown With 23 Orange. by [J check, money order,.or n charge E. Talmage by'James established account. indexed, with and gold edges, thumb accepted The presentation of fundamental carat

LDS doctrine. $9.50 three book markers in the Triple Combination, Name

this is the finest set ever available. $30.'00 Address

SIZES City 10". is CombinationThe Quadruple 6"X

are 3%"pocket sizeThe editions above X 7Vz". State ZipAug. 1969 Era

All others shown above are approximately 5 XA"X 7Vz".

Excellent gifts for all Church members who treasure and use these official Church editions.

Dear Mother and Father:

We know what your problem is: one or more

of your adolescent children is in open rebellion. Your youngster is showing this

rebellion in behavior so conformist and stereotyped that we, who may never have met you, can say how it manifests itself.

His clothes are extreme to the point of ugliness in style, fit, and color. His best

friends are similarly attired. He "goes ape"

over music that is mindpoundingly loud.

(This does not in any way imply that all youth who like loud music are rebelling.

If he is not openly disrespectful to you and his teachers, he is taciturn and moody and gives the general impression of having withdrawn his moral support from you, the family, the church, and society.

This posture may be more than a pose, because he may have experimented with drugs and undergone experiences that have as one of their effects the altering of attitudes.

Your own attitudes, as you have tried to work with him, have ranged from anger and outrage to despair and disbelief. (It can't

be happening to us!)

You may have, now or in the future, the added pain of an alienation that is not of your making. If your child is old enough to

leave home, you may not know where he is for long periods of time. Your magnanimous

avowal, "We will always love you—in sorrow or

joy, "may not keep the door open between you.

As his behavior deviates from that of the family, he will feel uncomfortable with you

20 Improvement Era An Open Letter to Anguished because you represent a conscience he does Parents not choose to acknowledge. Later, when he

has put behind him the unacceptable conduct, his low assessment of himself will still constitute a barrier between him and you.

What can you do? In current jargon, keep

your cool! This seemingly flippant and impudent suggestion comes from someone who has

"been there."And we are willing to expose

ourselves because we believe it may comfort you to know you are not alone, as we felt we were when we had our trial by fire.

Our explorations for help within the church and the community revealed to us that we were standing on virgin territory. We were like

pioneers in this sociological area. But we

would have willingly foregone that distinction to have been able to trade places with another kind of pioneer, the American frontiersman who could see his enemy and come to grips with the problem of existence on a simple physical basis. Our foe was much more

elusive. How do you grapple with an evil

that seems to be eating at your spiritual foundations?

A grown child of ours had introduced serious trouble into our home. The jaws of hell were

gaping open to receive us. That was how it

seemed then, and that is how it seems now, even in restrospect.

Some of the experiences we lived through would have made plot material for a sensationridden thirdrate movie. But we lived through

them. We even survived the downin-thedepths

rationale: "If our best efforts through all

these years have produced this, there must be

August 1969 21 a treasury of inspirational reading.

1. DISCOURSES OF WILFORD 2. CLASSIC EXPERIENCES & 3. 52 GREAT THOUGHTS

WOODRUFF ADVENTURES Each 5"x 7"card in this set of 52 conEdited and arranged by G. Homer Durham. These marvelous stories were originally tains a gem of wisdom from the great

Out of print for many years, this importpublished in the 1880's in the "Juvenile thinkers of the world. The cards are handant volume in the "President Series"is Instructor,"Four of the stories in this somely boxed and provide a weekby-week

once again available to inspire the Saints volume were part of the renowned "Faith thought for home or office. $2.50

with its great wisdom and eternal truths. Promoting Series"cherished by young

$3.95 and old alike. $3.95

4. CLIMBING OUR FAMILY TREE 5. THE GENESIS OF YOUR 6. GOD, MAN, AND THE UNIVERSE

SYSTEMATICALLY GENEALOGY By Hyrum L. Andrus

By George 0. Zabriskie By Elizabeth Nichols The Great Creator of the Universe revealed

A member of the American Society of GeneThis excellently written text was prepared many secrets of His creations to a young alogists, the author is an expert of note. especially for the neophyte genealogist to man named Joseph Smith. Every known

This practical, workable, complete approach instill understanding for the work and statement made by this Prophet concernto genealogy instruction will teach you pave the way for more complex instrucing the relationship between God, Man stepby-step procedures. $4.95 tion. $2.75 and the Universe, is contained in this

fascinating volume. $5.95

BOOKCRAFT / 1848 West 2300 South 8-69

P.O. Box 268 / Salt Lake City, Utah 84110

Please send the following circled book(s) for which I enclose check or money order

BOOKCRAFT in the amount of $ 1848 West 2300 South 3 4 5 6 P.O. Box 268 12

Salt Lake City, Utah 84110 NAME

ADDRESS

CITY, STATE, ZIP Residents of Utah add 4%% sales tax.

22 Improvement Era

a fatal flaw in the fabric of our family life. We had better not stay around to jeopardize the chances of our other children."

There were times when we were sure we could not stiffen our spines sufficiently to merely keep going. But we did, all praise to a loving Father who heard our pleas.

Survival is what we celebrate today. Not victoryyet. So do not ask us what

we did or how we solved our problem. We did the obvious and logical thing that each

moment called for. And the doing largely proved fruitless, except as therapy for

our fevered souls. As someone has said, "The Lord will not impose his will upon those

who will not accept it."

The clue here is that you have an open field of action until his mind is made up.

You may beg, plead, scold, admonish, adjure, urge, beseech, implore, command, entreat, and work through all the other verbs that constitute appeal. It will probably

not do much good. It did not produce the results we wanted.

But take heart. In your very real need you have one strong advocate: time—time

to come, the soothing unguent that is smoothed into our wounds by the older and more experienced when they say, of any problem, "Just give it time. "Not only future but

if your living has justified it, time past is also working for you.

How have things been for this child in all the years before the current crisis?

What has been the quality of your family life together? Have you loved your children?

Have you been available to them when they needed you? Have you demonstrated your

love of God by keeping his lawspart icularly those that relate to loving?

Yes? Then you have less to fear than this present anxious period portends. And

then, if the quality of your present and future performance matches the quality of your past performance, you will have done all you can do and will therefore have still less to fear. You will enjoy, instead, a measure of peace.

We know a bit more now about rebellion than we did at first. We know it has a season.

And we know that when the season has ended, maturity comes with its mellower attitudes.

We know that, despite alarming symptoms, all but a troubled few do finally mature.

We know a bit more about drugs, too. We would not minimize their danger. To have another youngster of ours experiment with them would be the last thing we would wish for.

It has been almost universally acknowledged that troubled personalities tend to acquire unhealthy dependencies, such as drug dependencies, which often develop into addiction. But there is another truth not quite so universally acknowledged.

Many, healthy young people are going to quit using drugs before becoming addicted simply because the drugs do not produce for them what they want in their lives. They

will usually realize that what they want is a close approximation of what they have had. Has what they have had been good enough?

This is what we are banking on with our painfully acquired new "cool."We cannot

believe that the immutable laws of justice will permit the aberrant behavior of a year or two or three to cancel out the good of all the other years. There will be a

turning point. There will be a way back, however long. We are beginning to see

strong evidences of it in young people who have gone the rebellion route and are now consolidating their losses and becoming mature and responsible adults.

That is the sum of our wishes on the subject. But our experience has taught us

some valuable lessons about parental powerits broad and narrow limitsand we feel somehow sanctified by those lessons. We are taking great care not to be arrogant

in the use of that power.

We know a little more about love, as well: its resiliencies, its softnesses. We

think we have a better understanding of God's love.

No, Mother and Father, there is not much you can do except endure. We are trying

to endure with some of the humility and grace implied in this quatrain:

They might not need mebut they might. A smile as small as mine might be

I'll let my head be just in sight. Precisely their necessity.

(Emily Dickinson) In some of life's extremities, even a hackneyed statement can afford hope: "All

things come to him who waits"-even, perchance, the love of an errant child for his parents and for his God... Two Parents Who Are Waiting

August 1969 23 this moment, we must go back more than five years to a teacher to decide Oh. for strugglingwhether awithinseminaryhimselfassignment

should be accepted in lieu of emPete's sake, ployment offering greater financial advantage. Perhaps the intimation

of doesn't "the kind of pay that Harold, come in the tipped an envelope"come back here thescalesseminarytoward assignment.a decision in favor of

Events leading up to this beautiful experience in the temple began and act on one of those days when my mood matched the dismal weather outside. That day, a sharp wind was

carrying bits of paper and debris in a snakelike procession down the trashstrewn alley and past the doorstep, where it lodged in an ugly pile against the woven wire fence.

Skies overhead were dark and threatening, and to me the whole world seemed gloomy.

I stood looking out the spattered kitchen windows, where a light rain made small wet spots that were quickly blown over with loose dirt. Even the dirty windows

matched my darkened feeling. This

was,not a good way to feel, and T battled against it. Moving to the

desert sands of Arizona was a change in itself from the green mountains and waterfilled streams of the section of Wyoming that was home to me.

Releasedtime seminary had been granted there that year for the first time, and President William E.

Berrett counseled the local brethren The Fy That Doesn't to commence immediately holding releasedtime classes.

Time did not permit the construc-

i tion of a building. The first day n a n Envelope Come

By Wayne B. Lynn Illustrated by Don Young of seminary, classes were held in

a Boy Scout bus parked on the vacant lot that hopefully was to "Some of your pay will be the heart overflowing, his words were be the site for our new building.

kind that doesn't come in an enverecalled again in sweet memory. Those who have traveled with

lope,"the supervisor said. Five The assurance given years before young boys can imagine the condiyears later, as I walked through had been realized many times, but tion of the bus—a somewhat differthe doors of the holy temple with today was special. To appreciate ent situation from the commodious

24 Improvement Era classrooms and office to which 1 row of senior boys, who leaned the school dance.""Profane and

had been accustomed. back in their chairs and issued an abusive language directed at the

Forces of opposition seemed to unspoken challenge for any teacher teacher.""Disrespectful and rebelbattle our every step in trying to to reach them. lious toward authority."

rent a building for seminary purFollowing class discussion, I gave "I would like to see you reach poses. Houses were promised, only a reading assignment in their text, that kid!"was the principal's comto be withdrawn when pressures the Book of Mormon. The boys on ment, and I wondered again at the

from outside sources became too the back row were slow to open task I had set for myself.

great. The second week of school their books, and I noted that one As weeks passed, I became much

had commenced before we sucdid not respond at all. His book lay closer to my students, and strong

ceeded in renting a small frame unopened on the arm shelf of his bonds of friendship were formed house—a very humble dwelling next chair while he looked at me as if through spiritual experiences we

to the alley and opposite the high to say, "Just try to make me like shared in class. Then, several

school. Kitchen cupboards soon bethis class!"months after the beginning of

came library shelves; cabinets were My gloomy mood returned in school, I almost unconsciously befull of student journals; the small spite of myself, and I again asked came aware of some changes in

living room became our classroom; myself, "Is it worth it?"Then I Jim's attitude. The book on his

the single bedroom became an ofmade a very conscious resolve. That desk, which had long remained unfice; and a duplicator was preyoung man with the unopened opened, was finally being opened

cariously perched on a bathroom book, whom I will call Jim, would and read with interest. He began

shelf. We stacked paper supplies answer this question for me. "All to ask questions and participate in

in the bathtub with fingers crossed, right, Jim, old kid,"I said to myclass discussions.

hopeful that no one would turn on self, "you will be my measuring Several little incidents reflected the water. stick. I won t give you any special Jim's change in attitude, but one

In the town, rumors and controattention above other students, but stands out above the rest. It was

versy, surrounded by exaggeration I will use you as a gauge of my the day we talked about contenand misunderstanding, greeted our success or failure. If I fail to reach tions. Our lesson was structured

new program of releasedtime semiyou, then I will have the answer to around the counsel given by the nary. Although efforts were made my question."This unspoken pledge Savior:

to calm troubled waters, little was was important to me in the days "For verily, verily I say unto you, added to the popularity of the new that followed, but it was pushed to he that hath the spirit of contention seminary teacher who had become the back of my mind with the press is not of me, but is of the devil, who a symbol of the controversy. of everyday tasks. is the father of contention, and he

So here I stood at a spattered Classes continued, and our old stirreth up the hearts of men to conwindow, looking out at the clouded building began to be looked upon tend with anger, one with another."

skies and trashfilled alley and askwith tolerance and growing fond- (3 Ne. 11:29.)

ing myself if it was worth it. ness in spite of its inconvenience. I previously arranged with one

My reflections were shortlived, In the meantime, a conference sometimesrowdy student to assist however, as a group of energetic with the high school principal prome with an object lesson demonstudents soon arrived and began vided me with insight into the strating bad feelings we have when crowding into the improvised classchallenges I faced with some of my there is a spirit of contention. With

room. Chairs were rapidly filled, students. I was particularly conmy permission, he deliberately

and little space was left for the cerned about the senior boys. When came into class late, banged down

teacher. I mentioned Jim's name, the reachis books, and sprawled out in his

Knowing that a teacher must be tion was electric. seat without apology.

happy in order to succeed with his "Let me show you something,"In anger I snapped at him, class, I cast off my gloomy spell the principal said, stepping to his "What's the big idea? Why are you

and launched into the lesson with file cabinet. late? I don't like vour attitude one

as much enthusiasm as I could posAfter a brief pause he pulled bit!"

sibly muster. I was rewarded with Jim's file from a drawer, opened it, Indignantly he shouted back,

appreciative interest and participaand began reading a few comments "Well, I didn't ask to take this tion by most of the students—that is that had been submitted by various class!"

to say, all of them except the back teachers: "Drunk and disorderly at I retorted in kind, "Well, we can

August 1969 25 get along without you!"Whereupon Jim's mother rather forcefully said, "I have come a long way,"he conhe gathered up his books and 'I'm against it myself; I don't think tinued. "I watched you all year and

angrily stomped out of the room. they should mix church and school.'waited for you to make a mistake."

A quietness filled the classroom Then she turned to Jim and asked, This frightened me! Then came his

until Jim's spontaneous comment 'What do you think, Jim?'Jim request; "I don't know if they have

broke the silence, "Oh, for Pete's looked at her and said, 'Mother, it told you, but next month I leave for sake, Harold, come back here and is the greatest desire of my heart to my mission. Will you speak at my

act your age!"become a seminary teacher.'His farewell?"

We had a lot of fun that day mother nearly fell out of her chair!"Today as I drove through the

bringing Harold back into class and Jim never spoke to me about any early morning darkness to the temreestablishing order. We talked of this, but his humble spirit told ple, my thoughts returned to Jim.

about how terrible we felt when me much more than words could I thought about the mission he had there was a spirit of contention in express. His decision to live accordhonorably filled, and the sweet

the class, but the thing we most ing to the Lord's way was also a young girl he was about to marry.

remembered was Jim's comment strong influence on his friends who I thought about all the other youngand his obvious desire to be a part followed his example. There was sters who had presented such a

of a good seminary class. even talk about Jim's desiring to. fill challenge and had become so speSkies seemed brighter after that a mission. Students told me that he cial to me. My soul filled with

day. My days would often be easier had decided to attend college for warmth as I remembered that every

when I would overhear comments one year, preparing himself to serve senior boy that year had now comby students, such as, "Have you nothe Lord as a missionary. pleted an honorable mission for the

ticed the change in Jim lately? The The following winter I received Church. Many were married, as Jim

boys he buddies around with say a letter from Jim, who was away was being married today, in the he won't even take a drink anyfrom home attending the university. house of the Lord. They were fine

more."By that time we had moved into a young men, and I felt toward them

One day a senior boy lingered beautiful new seminary building, as Helaman did toward the fine behind after class and said, "I have located on the same spot where we young men with whom he assosomething to tell you that you might had parked the bus only a year ciated; and like him, I called them

be interested in. You know, part before. We had left our rented my "sons."

of my home teaching assignment is house near the alley with an emoThe temple ceremony was beautito go with my companion to Jim's tional farewell. ful. Clothed in white, the couple

house. Well, the other night when Jim's letter brought a lump to my knelt at the altar and exchanged

we were there my senior companion throat: "I don't know how to thank vows of eternal love and devotion.

was talking to Jim's parents, and the you...."He poured out the feelAs I walked from this beautiful

old subject of taking time from ings of his heart in a way that he house of God, I tasted of the fruit school for seminary came up again. had been unable to do in person. of being a teacher. I had taken a

Wayne B. Lynn of the Orem (Utah) 29th Ward is seminary curriculum coordilarge bite of "the kind of pay that

nator for Lamanites throughout the Church and serves on a Church Lamanite doesn't come in an envelope,"and lesson writing committee. it was delicious. O

Uprooted Dream

By Marel Brown

We mutely watch machines cut rich, red earth; And stifle anguished cries at wheels'full range.

We hold our breath, as fire consumes our trees; Yet none there are in all the workman's crew

We close our eyes and see, in fresh rebirth, Who sense how deep the scrape cuts spiritflesh;

Those dreams we planted, in rich memories. None stays a hand, nor stops what he must do;

And now, with roots of dreams laid bare and dry—Each shift of gears lays other wounds afresh.

The ground itself consumed by roads of change—Not strange—for who could share our muted scream

We bravely stand, while progress stings each eye, Who has not felt a blade uproot a dream!

26 Improvement Era More Ride ForYour Money

siiiiil***

Hottest Brand Going

More Ride For Your Money...Conoco...

means top quality products, service and value throughout the Rockies!

You get More Ride For Your Money.., when you ride with the best... in everything from high performance gasolines and AllSeason Super motor oil, to the

latest in maps and Touraide travel information at your Conoco dealer's.

Add carefree enjoyment to your travels through America's scenic wonderland... and get MORE RIDE FOR YOUR MONEY...AT CONOCO... HOTTEST BRAND

GOING!.

August 1969 27

Lucy Mack Smith New Evidence from Emma Smith Modern Witnesses Part 10 ( Conclusion

wmwi\

By Dr. Richard Lloyd Anderson Illustrated by Lynn Freeman

The first believers in the Book of The three Smiths who formally with their commitment to Christian

Mormon were members of Joseph gave their names as seeing and principles and modern revelation.

Smith's family. But if three of the handling the plates were the Although not parading their printed

eight witnesses were Smiths and the Prophet's father, Joseph Smith, Sr.; testimony, they personally sacriremaining ones in the Whitmer the Prophet's immediately older ficed for their convictions. Their

group, it does not follow that family brother, Hyrum; and his immedisincerity is powerful evidence for

relationship explains away their ately younger brother, Samuel Harthe existence of the Book of Mortestimony. The truth of the Book rison.'They sometimes joined the mon plates and more. The father

of Mormon story is better attested other Book of Mormon witnesses to and the two brothers nearest by those who knew its events perreaffirm their testimony printed in Joseph's age constantly lived and sonally than by strangers to these the 1830 edition of the Book of worked with him, and from this proceedings. Including married Mormon regarding lifting and turnintimate vantage point completely

partners, the Smiths and Whitmers ing the leaves of the plates. After accepted his report of his visions.

comprised about two dozen adults, quoting the published statements of Hyrum and Samuel Smith had none of whom expressed less than the three and eight witnesses, and joined the Presbyterian Church complete faith in the genuineness describing the experience of the latwith their mother, who later reof the translation process. ter group, Lucy Smith relates, "The lated the visit of a church commitLike the resurrection appearances ensuing evening, we held a meeting, tee to persuade them to abandon

of the New Testament, there are in which all the witnesses bore their convictions about the Book unofficial witnesses surrounding testimony to the facts as stated of Mormon then being printed. The

those more formally designated. above....'"''Two years later, in the chief spokesman believed that

Mother Whitmer reported seeing period of dynamic preaching of the "Joseph never had the plates,"and the plates, and Mother Smith deearly elders, a conference was held asked Hyrum if he did not think scribed handling two of the ancient near Cleveland, Ohio, remembered himself deceived. The witness anobjects found with the plates. Two by Luke Johnson as follows "At this swered simply, "No sir, I do not."

others reported their physical imconference the eleven witnesses to After unsatisfactory attempts to pressions of handling the ancient the Book of Mormon, with uplifted break down his story, similar quesrecord while it was wrapped in a hands, bore their solemn testimony tions were directed to Samuel, who protective covering. Emma, Joseph's to the truth of that book, as did defied his interrogators with scripwife, felt the thin edges of the also the Prophet Joseph."4 ture about false shepherds."'Local

record as she moved it in dusting, 1 A study of the Smith witnesses church records confirm the converand Joseph's brother William both must stress deeds more than words. sation, since they refer to the visit

felt its shape and lifted the record, Modest and unaffected, these men of the committee, which reported estimating the weight at about left few formal statements, but that they "received no satisfaction"sixty pounds. 2 above all they lived consistently from talking with Lucy, Hyrum,

28 Improvement Era my brother Joseph Smith, Jr., is a for the prophet had shown them to

Prophet, Seer and Revelator.'"7 him, and he had handled them and

It is doubtful whether anyone seen the engravings thereon. His

exceeded Samuel Smith's record of speech was more like a narrative active missionary service during the than a sermon."11

earliest years of the latterday Anyone who studies the personChurch. Moving with the Saints ality of Samuel H. Smith must

to Ohio in 1831, he left a characteradmit that he is not likely to have istically concise record of a twoinvented such testimony. A dutiful

month mission with Reynolds son, loyal brother, and kindly

Cahoon in the counties around father, his life is the essence of sinCleveland, in which he summarized cerity. Of sufficient capacity to be

his own preaching: "I spoke of the named to the first high council of

testimony which the Lord had the Church in 1834, and be elected given to the people of this generaby his fellow councilors as president tion of his work, the fulness of the in 1837, yet Samuel was not ambigospel, his everlasting covenant, tious. When not in arduous misand bore testimony of these sionary service, he farmed or hired

things."8 Scores of converts acout as a laborer. In Nauvoo he was

and Samuel Smith. 6 The result was cepted the personal assurance of named a bishop and was elected a

suspension from Presbyterian memthis plainspoken youth who had city alderman. This public success

bership, a symptom of the ostracism known the events of the restoration marks a deep respect for him based inflicted by their community for from the beginning. on his character, not cleverness. His

their faith in the Book of Mormon. Samuel Smith's bestdocumented missionary companion called him "a

In the face of ridicule and intimimission is one mentioned in the man slow of speech and unlearned, dation, the 22year-old Samuel Doctrine and Covenants, which inyet a man of good faith and exSmith took copies of the new scripstructed him and Orson Hyde to treme integrity."1 "His patriarchture to neighboring regions of "take their journey into the eastern father blessed him as "loved of the

right afterwestern the countries, York of his "faithfulness things Lord"proclaim the and because New in April organized wasChurch them.'"'H. Smith's which I have and truth."1 '5 Samuel commanded

1830. Phineas Young later recalled Both men kept journals indicating inner motivation is best revealed in

the blend of humility and conviction that the presentation and testimony the minutes of an early speech, indiwith which the Prophet's younger of the Book of Mormon was one of cating that "ever since he had set brother presented the Book of Morthe major themes of their preaching. out to serve the Lord he had conmon. Without introduction, Samuel The witness was ridiculed periodicluded not to regard the favor of

handed a book to Phineas with the cally for his simple reiteration of man but the favor of heaven."14

request that he read it. Finding that his testimony: "The people gathThe consistency of his testimony

it claimed to be a revelation, ered around us and asked a great and the evident honesty of the man

Phineas took the book from Samuel, many questions about the plates, sustain the reality of his experience "and by his request looked at the etc., and many of them used much of handling the plates.

testimony of the witnesses."The lightness."1 "Daniel Tyler was conThe same may be said of the

missionary then promised his invesverted as a result of this mission and Prophet's father for similar reasons.

tigator a witness from God if he later recalled the missionary visit A deeply religious and humble would read the book prayerfully. to Erie County, Pennsylvania: man, Joseph Smith, Sr., was not a

Upon agreeing that he would, "In the spring of 1832, Elders person who exaggerated his worth.

Phineas asked the name of the misSamuel H. Smith and Orson Hyde One of his few personal statements

sionary, who only then identified... came to our neighborhood and was recorded at the crest of his

himself as Samuel H. Smith. Young held a few meetings. Elder Smith service to the Church, his intense

reported the closing words of this read the 29th chapter of Isaiah at patriarchal ministry of giving blessconversation: "'Ah,'said I, 'You are the first meeting and delineated the ings at Kirtland. One meets the

one of the witnesses.''Yes,'said he, circumstances of the coming forth man himself in this address to his

'I know the book to be a revelation of the Book of Mormon, of which family, just prior to blessing them from God, translated by the gift and he said he was a witness. He knew in 1834. Although he had always

power of the Holy Ghost, and that his brother Joseph had the plates, held family scripture reading and

August 1969 29 "Young Joe (as we individuals could: "I now say that having the "general employment"of

he never did a mean act, that might "money digging.""They were a

so that life, family in his very little,"labored object near- "their great to 18 If those appeared to be called him then)...was beto mysaidknowledge."was ungenerous

est Joseph Smith, Sr., could inlive without work"; consequently,

a good worker; they variably rely on his personal goodit was "a mystery to their neighness and strict integrity, his printed bors how they got their living."23

were... poor people"testimony of seeing and handling Such phrases are historically

the plates may not lightly be meaningless and merely brand the prayer, he referred to his earlier questioned. source as unreliable. From the

life when the Smiths were unable The mainstay of those without memoirs of Lucy, Joseph, and to agree on the validity of any facts is ridicule. Obviously a generaWilliam Smith, verified by later

church tion whose pious sensibilities were recollections of nonMormon neigh- "I have not always set that exshocked by the Mormon claim of bors and even census reports at ample before my family that I new revelation would not allow the the time, it is known that the famought. I have not been diligent in Smith family their just due as honily was highly industrious. Their

teaching them the commandments est individuals. So to take certain practical dependability is shown by

of the Lord, but have rather manivindictive testimonials as historical merely listing their economic activifested a light and trifling mind. fact is the height of irresponsibility. ties in western New York from 1818

But in all this I have never denied In 1833 one D. P. Hurlbut (his own to 1828, which included the folthe Lord. Notwithstanding all this spelling) forfeited his LDS memlowing:

my folly, which has been a cause bership on the ground of unre- (1) Purchasing a hundred acres of grief to my family, the Lord has pentant adultery. 19 Turning from of densely forested land on installoften visited me in visions and in missionary for the new revelations ments and clearing substantial pordreams, and has brought me, with to lecturer against them, he was tions with hand tools.

my family, through many afflicemployed by an antiMormon com- (2) Building a moderately large tions, and I this day thank his holy mittee in Ohio to gather material log dwelling, followed by a frame name. 15 to "completely divest Joseph Smith house, farm buildings, and extenOne so truthful about himself of all claims to the character of an sive fences.

would not likely be a party to a honest man,"20 a quest with obvious (3) Raising wheat as a main religious hoax. Joseph Smith, Sr., implications for the father and crop, and caring for 1,500 sugarwas a practical man who never brothers of the Prophet. Whether producing trees by gathering the

aspired to public acclaim. He had Hurlbut himself had the integrity sap and processing sugar and

brief careers in teaching and busito record accurate statements may molasses.

ness, but he worked with his hands be doubted. Leading Mormons of ( 4 ) Extensive manufacturing

most of. his life as a cooper or the time insisted that his reputation (mainly by Joseph Smith, Sr. ) of

farmer. His candid modesty enwas so notoriously tattered that his coopering products, including basdeared him to all those who ever work had to be published by the kets and birch brooms.

had intimate contact with him. His more reputable but equally bitter (5) Supplementing income by

wife characterized him "an affec- E. D. Howe, who said in a later regular hiring out as laborers and

tionate companion and tender interview that "Hurlburt was alselling refreshments to crowds on father, as ever blessed the confiways an unreliable fellow... "21 holidays.

dence of a family."16 Edward NonMormon writers have adThis factual reconstruction of the

Stevenson voiced the impression of mitted the need to treat the Hurlreal activities of the Smith men many a member of the Church: butHowe affidavits with extreme in PalmyraManchester is supple-

"Naturally Father Smith was not a caution, because they were "colmented by the recollections of man of many words, but soberlected by one hostile individual neighbors who directly contradicted minded, firm, mild and impreswhose style of composition stereothe HurlbutHowe testimonials.

sive."17 Joseph Smith, Jr., considered types the language of numerous One clearly in a position to know

him "a great and a good man,"poswitnesses."22 This is apparent in the was Orlando Saunders, who was

sessing an "exalted, and virtuous main thrust of every PalmyraMan- born two years before the Prophet mind."These phrases and the folchester affidavit printed by Howe. and worked by the side of the

lowing assessment come from a son Stock phrases allege that the Smith Smith men on the nearby farm who knew his father's life as few men were "lazy"and "indolent,"owned by his father, Enoch Saun30 Improvement Era ders, whose death in 1825 transuncle Joseph Smith and Don Carlos cality in 1828. -"Elected to this

ferred the property to Orlando. Smith came some two hundred and office in the local school district, he

Fortunately, this man was later fifty miles from where the Prophet with two other trustees managed interviewed by both believers and was residing in Ontario County, school affairs and funds, including unbelievers in the claims of the New York, and they brought a hiring of teachers.

Smith family, and he told the same Book of Mormon with them. I had The complete dedication of the

story. never seen them before, and I felt Prophet's older brother to the reastonished at their sayings."28 stored Church separated him from

Reorganized LDS Interview The unsophisticated honesty of further success in nonMormon so- "[T]hey have all worked for me Joseph Smith, Sr., and Samuel H. ciety. But the power of his leadermany a day; they were very good Smith is mirrored in the sensitive ship was felt in the Mormon

people. Young Joe (as we called reliability of the Prophet's older community as a missionary, temple

him then)... was a good worker; brother Hyrum. Somewhat better builder, migration captain, civic

they all were.... [T]hey were poor educated than the rest of his leader, patriarch, and official counpeople...."24 brothers, and a man of marked selor to his Prophetbrother for

executive ability, he gave distinabout seven years, culminating in

NonLDS Interview guished service from the organizahis appointment as assistant presi- "Orlando Sanders... tells us that tion of the Church until his dent in closest relationship to

the.Smith family worked for his martyrdom a decade and a half Joseph Smith in directing the

isfather and for himself. He gives later. In the year when he became Church. No early LDS leader

them the credit of being good a Book of Mormon witness he was spoken of in warmer terms than workers, but declares that they an independent farmer of 29 with Hyrum Smith. After traveling with

could save no money."25 a wife and two children. He was him as a missionary, Orson Hyde

respected by his neighbors, for he described Hyrum as "a pleasant and

As already mentioned, on several served as school trustee in his loan agreeable companion, a wise public occasions Joseph Smith, Sr., Hyrum Smith, painted in 1842 by Sutcliffe Maudsley

reiterated his witness of the plates of the Book of Mormon. His private

testimony is also a matter of history. Maliciously imprisoned for

debt by resentful townsmen, he was offered freedom for renouncing the

Book of Mormon but instead accepted four days'starvation and 30 days'imprisonment, a fair test of his sincerity. 2 "An interview with him

about this time was reported from memory some forty years later.

Though filled with inaccuracies ( as having Joseph instead of Martin

Harris take the characters to New

York), this 1870 recollection reported that the Prophet's father discussed the weight, dimensions, and appearance of the plates in detail. 27 The power of his personal

conviction may be measured by the fact that Joseph Smith, Sr., persuaded his parents and most of his

brothers of the truth of the new revelation. The impact of his first

visit was later related by George A.

Smith: "Some time in August, 1830, my

August 1969 31 counselor, a father and a guide."7,0 membered in 1843 and printed by a later. 37 With his beloved ProphetThe Prophet spontaneously picked nonMormon newspaper editor: brother, Hyrum earlier faced the

two qualities that compelled love "We have seen Hiram Smith, a guns of a murderous mob in his for his brother: "the integrity of a brother of Jos., and heard him last moments. And it is clear that

Job, and in short, the meek and preach, and conversed with him his martyrdom meant exactly to quiet spirit of Jesus Christ...."31 about his religion, its origin and Hyrum what the Latterday Saints

The numerous comments about this progress; and we heard him demade of it. Interviews with the

Book of Mormon witness generally clare, in this city in public, that prison companions of Joseph and allude to these dual qualities of what is recorded about the plates, Hyrum were the basis of historical honesty and kindness. The candid &c. &c. is God's solemn truth."35 details that Hyrum read portions

John Taylor found no flaw: "If As stated, the essence of the of the Book of Mormon the night

ever there was an exemplary, honSmiths'witness to the Book of Morbefore the martyrdom, and the next est, and virtuous man, an embodimon plates is deeds, not words. The day he bore testimony of the coming

ment of all that is noble in the constancy of faithful sacrifice for forth of the Book of Mormon. 38

human form, Hyrum Smith was its their testimonies places a force upon There is a striking parallel berepresentative."32 their original and reiterating statetween the earlier Missouri imprisonOne this impressive cannot be ments that no amount of eloquence ment and that of Illinois. In the

ignored when he insists that he was may produce. The supernatural former case, Hyrum Smith denot deceived in examining and liftpower of the angel's visit to the scribed why he was willing to make

ing the Book of Mormon plates. And three witnesses finds its physical such a sacrifice. This statement

his descriptions follow the same foundation in the fact that eight without doubt is also Hyrum's expattern of consistency of all other ordinary men insisted all of their planation of the meaning to him witnesses. A brotherin-law of lives that they had carefully examof his final sacrifice of life itself:

Hyrum Smith, the educated Joseph ined and handled the ancient plates "Having given my testimony to

Fielding, talked personally to the of the Book of Mormon. That the world of the truth of the Book

witness's wife and reported in practical reality is further reinof Mormon,... and the establish1841: "My sister bears testimony forced by the sacrifice of their lives ment of the Kingdom of Heaven,

that her husband has seen and by the Smiths who handled the in these last days; and having been

handled the plates...."33 A speech plates. Worn out by middleaged brought into great afflictions and

of 1844 was recalled by the capable privation for the cause of the distresses for the same, I thought

Angus Cannon: "When I was but restoration, Joseph Smith, Sr., died that it might be strengthening to

ten years of age, I heard the testiof a severe lung condition a year my beloved brethren, to give them mony of the Patriarch Hyrum after the Mormon expulsion from a short account of my sufferings,

Smith, one of the eight witnesses, Missouri. 30 The strain of a dangerfor the truth's sake, and the state of

to the divinity of the Book of Morous horseback ride in an attempt my mind and feelings, while under mon and the appearance of the of Samuel to reach his brothers circumstances of the most trying plates from which it was transbefore their murder and the shock and afflicting nature....

lated. "3A A public declaration of of their deaths brought fatal sick- '[I] had been abused and thrust

this witness in Salem, Massaness to this lastsurviving witness of into a dungeon... on account of my

chusetts (perhaps 1836), was rethe Smiths, who died a month faith.... However, I thank God

Mere Verification

By Evalyn M. Sandberg

Man's thrusts in space, though they engender awe, from Kolob, situated near his throne, are nothing, held against ivhat Moses saw—- to Kokob (star) and Olea (the moon).

and we through him, because he was disposed to keep a record of ivhat God disclosed. Oh, earlij seers, ive're so much in your debt!

This pearl you left illumines darkness yet,

And Abraham's holiness also provided and any facts that are or yet will be a glimpse of all that God's great hands have guided, cam but confirm what God lets prophets see.

32 Improvement Era Ifyoure smart enough little you knowto knowhow..you're ready.

jJftfEgfe -itoI'm;m. wu m\\m\\m i mmmwm-w wmmmwmm wm www:$mm

mtMm'JS*&m.si* mwwm m m.: m mmm m ats \m\\m\\m\

Great Books are published by Encyclopaedia Britannica in collaboration with the University of Chicago.

Begin a fascinating adventure we call Great Here—in two ingenious volumes—you'll find the 102 Great

Books Living. Here's what it's all about. listed,Ideas ofexplained,mankind,andsubclassifiedreferenced intoby pagethousandsand paragraph,of topics,

In school you learned mostly the skills of learning. How to for all the greatest authors that Western Civilization has

read, write, communicate, and assimilate facts. produced.

As an adult you learn by applying experience to ideas. Suppose you want to look up the idea of Religion. The

And from this comes understanding, maturity, and, hopeSyntopicon gives you a thorough understanding of religion fully, a measure of wisdom. as developed down through the ages. It then lists every

Why is adult learning so important? Because it enables reference to religion found in Great Books. No longer must

you to live a full, rich, rewarding life. It is the only way you read Great Books volume by volume, author by author.

you'll live a complete life. With the Syntopicon you can go directly to the very words

Here's how Great Books can help. By making Great each author has expressed on the profound subject.

Books reading a part of your life, you can participate in a Living and learning with Great Books may be the fascinating idea exchange that has shaped 3,000 years of most enjoyable, exhilarating experience you'll ever have.

Western Civilization. You will be sharing the thoughts and Now you are ready. Now is the time to begin.

experiences of the greatest minds the world has known.

Plato, Shakespeare, Tolstoy, Freud, and many more. A set Send for FREE Booklet

of 443 masterpieces only available in the magnificent 54just fill out and mail the enclosed postagepaid volume Great Books home library. reply card and we'll send you a free 16page

booklet describing Great Books in detail. Or

The $1,000,000 Syntopicon write Great Books, Dept. 380-M, 425 N.

What makes these writings so important are the great ideas Michigan Ave., Chicago, 111. 60 611.

they contain. And what makes the Great Books home library

so valuable is the immediate access it provides to these great ideas through an amazing idea finder called the Syntopicon. GREAT BOOKS

Discover the

p. 552. (1894), Paint Colors ratherthat I thanfelt adenydeterminationthe things towhichdie, 29 "\Lucy17"InlsMs., EarlySmith,Days,"op. cit.,Juvenilep. 162. Instructor, Vol. History

cit. Smith, History Joseph of The Church

Latterdai/ Christ Saints my eyes had seen, which my hands alsoof Jesus of the Church, Aug. 22, 1842; ( Salt of Lake

( hereinafter America Likes had handled, and which I had City,abbreviated1909),DHC).Vol. 5, pp. 12526

'"Cf. ibid., Vol.

Seasons, Vol. born testimony to, wherever my lot and 6 1,(1845),pp. 35255,pp. 78485.and Times

had been cast; and I can assure my Painesville-'Ellen E. Dickinson, [Ohio] Telegraph,New LightJan.on 31,Mormon1834. Best

beloved brethren that I was enabled ism (New York, 1885), p. 73.

--Whitney R. Cross, The BurnedOver District

strong a testimony, to bear as 14142. 1950, 1965), when pp. (Ithaca,- 3E. Unvailed (Paines- D. Mormonism Howe,

nothing itself, ville, death but presented Ohio, 232, 262, 249. 1834), 251, 260, pp.

with Kellev, Saints William H.

FOOTNOTES (1880),Lucy p.Smith,198. op. cit., p. 165.

of -"Interview Fayette HistoriLapham, The III Smith interview with of Joseph Emma ser., Vol. Magazine, cit. p. 7 (2d 305 Smith, 1870), Saints'Herald, Vol. 26 (1879), pp. cal

of 2sDiscourse A. Smith, 2, George this Aug. in article 1857,ff. 28990. are only Quotations

modified in regard to spelling and punctuation. Salt Lake City, Journal of Discourses (London,

103. Vol. 5, p. of cit. Saints'Smith, William 2Sermon Her1858),

Smith, op. 2!)Lucy ald, 64344. Vol. 31 pp. (1884),

cit. op.:,0Hyde, Smith, Biographical Sketches 3Lucy of Joseph

'"The text follows the Kirtland Manuscript (Liverpool, Smith Prophet the 1853), p. 141.

History of Parrish, Warren Vol. *Dcscret Stkouis Blue cit., p. 128. News, 1858. 26, also cit. DHC, May

2, p. 338. cit., "'Lucy Smith, op. 147. p.

"Palmyra Presbyterian Session Records, Vol. S*DHC, Vol. 7, p. 107. Cf. p. 54.

2, Mar. 10, 1830. Cf. Richard Lloyd Anderson. "Letter of Joseph Fielding to Parley P. Pratt,

"Circumstantial Confirmation of the First 'ViJune 20, 1841, Preston, England, cit. L.D.S.

sion Reminiscences,"Through (Spring, BYU Studies, Millennial34 Salt LakeStar,StakeVol. Historical2 (1841), Record,p. 52. Jan. 25, Vol. 9 1969), pp. 39091.

of "Autobiography Young, also cit. 1888. Phineas

:c'Salem [Mass.] Advertiser and Argus, April 3, 1858. fission Pink Dcseret News, Feb.

Missionary record of Samuel Smith, LDS 12, 1843; also cit. Times and Seasons, Vol. 1

Church Historian's Office. (1840), pp. 172ff.

"D&C 87:3 (1835 ed.), 75:13 (current ed.). "'Funeral sermon of Robert B. Thompson,

"'Journal of Samuel H. Smith, Sept. 15, 1832. Sept. 15, 1840, Times and Seasons, Vol. 1

"Daniel Tyler, "Incidents of Experience,"(1840), pp. 172ff.

Scraps of Biographt/, FaithPromoting Scries, '!7See the contemporary description evidently

to Smith, 28, William also cit. Herringshaw Aug. H. of '-Autobiography Orson Hyde; pPEN GOLD

cit. Prophet, Sept. 21, 1844, The Nauvoo, 5, 1858. Dcseret News, May

cit., op. Cf. 1844. p. 278. Rlessing K. ''Patriarchal Lucy 111.,Smith, 1, cit. Ruby Rook

Smith, Mart) Bailcii (Salt Lake City, 1954), p. DHC, Vol. 6, pp. 600, 610.

41. "''General letter of Hyrum Smith, December

"Far West Record typescript, Oct. 25, 1831. 1839, Commerce, 111., Times and Seasons, Vol.

'"Patriarchal Rlessing Rook 1, p. 1. 1 (1839), pp. 20, 23.

BENNETT'S

My World

T3unto By Maxine Clayton Greenwood 1969 Colorizer Associates How limited my ivorld becomes The virtues of my brother,

When fog enfolds me close His hopes, the heights that he,322 Within its isolating coldness. has gained,

The paths ivellknown are lost to Are lost to me.

Trie. I am my world.

I cannot see to follow In the footsteps of another. But I am a child of God;

A special group of 36 paint colors that I am my ivorld. Within are depths of underspeak the names and suggest the charstanding,

acter of cherished American places, thingsand events. Bring the American Style to How limited my heart becomes Love, compassion—

your home decorating! See these "ColorWhen fog of pride, indifference. Untapped, untried, until

izer Americans"now! And prejudice enshrouds my My brother becomes

thoughts. my ivorld!

AT BENNETT'S DEALERS AND STORES

34 Improvement Era Remember when summer was synonymous with sandpiles?

Remember when the "school's out"shout meant long weeks hanging

around the house, building tents in the yard, playing dolls in the orchard?

It was Little League ball games and dancing lessons in the neighbor's basement... lemonade stands.,. berry picking... exploring the local hills. -*-

Marion D. Hanks, Editor

Elaine Cannon, Associate Editor

August 1969 You've done a lot to change all that.

You've grown up.

And now in the middle of summer you are caught up in the wonderful

world of a mobile generation.

You're on the move. You go—here, there, and across the seas. You

ride and sail and sightsee. It may be just for fun. Or if you're one of the

lucky ones, you work some, too.

Era of Youth It's so busy you're breathless.

But in the middle of summer, in the midst of it all, there ought to be time enough to think about where it is you really are going and how you are getting there and what you'll be like when you arrive at your goal.

There are ways to set your sail... ways to have smoother sailing...

ways to get into the current but not lost at sea.

That's what this issue is all about. The Editors

I n / i—O0 o A o

Sailing is a great sport. But there are

rules that make sailing safer and

smoother. According to the Keith M.

Engar family, they are the same kinds

of rules that apply to living one's life.

Set up the mast.

Set up the rudder.

Lower the center board for stability.

Raise the sail.

Steer in the right direction so the sail catches the wind for GO power.

Duck the boom.

Watch for rough water, stormy skies.

Sail with care today so you can

sail tomorrow, too

;...,,,..,,,:,

"In the beginning..."

Now that's a scriptural phrase to turn a -teen's imagination!

When young people consider moon landings and space flights, they wonder how it would be. There is no swifter or surer transportation than

the wings of imagination, and by this means five Latterday Saint students had the jaunt of their lives wearing borrowed Air Force jump suits to an abandoned gravel pit. It was only play acting, but for these five who

simulated a trip to the moon, it was real enough to stir up profound empathy with today's heroic astronauts.

Somebody remembered reading Dr. Henry Eyring's statement in an

issue of the Era of Youth: "Contemplating the aweinspiring order in

the universe, extending from the almost infinitely small to the infinitely large, one is overwhelmed with its grandeur and with the limitless wisdom which conceived, created, and governs it all. Our understanding,

great as it sometimes seems, can be nothing but wideeyed wonder of the child when measured against omniscience...."

And so we go on our fantasy trip to the moon, and we tell it as we think it would be.

rv-"*

'i**-*! *#*****#**'...

'to CD CD ro CO 00 Q. DO z ti T3 o c c 5 to co +J >, >, >, - a. CD CO.E CD TD3 o C0 CO = = b 43 3 co CO CD CO o>, CO CO Xo3 O 4-'3 4 CO 5O | o - o -*: vii o3o co to 00 > s c jzo 3 CO = 1 8 CD to CD c CO 03 JZ +-'3 to JJ i - S2 -,5 3Q jz CD oo -c CD COo CO COn 3 - COosz -f=? 'E +-; CD o CD o w u i (Oc c5 CD to i-.3 +- ro CD cCO Eo 4= a - W> X "Z CD> +- K Bo i-—CO - co CO CD>CD DC to TD o T3 o CO ro c CO c DOiDjO CO oo -. OO o c iz m- 3 CD CZ Z3 - CO cCD cCO CD +-> CO oa CO CD H co>> - CD co CO o T3 c -C JZo DO co OCO <oME TD -c 1"CO CO to cCO CD +-> +-> C3O00. c *- =3 Eoo CD CD 3 8 SZ CDcl ECDi a. co c & i-& 5 C >r O 32o -a - CO g o czo IT CD 0 m. COo o *-.E too o x - o.si CD CD Z CD CD CD -2 CC O oj 3 X3—to -o 'sz co H co CO ll SZ o 00 3o it; T3 S2 T3 S i:CD JZ CD co O DO o co3 to Cl - - g CD O > CO = o to TD co to< CO5 CD cz oCD 'do—00 U >o jz CD CD JZ CO |—C "> sz oo cao x '(- toO CO5 -z: to 00 toO co E3 CD T3 -J= Z3 CD co 3 CD 1 "O JZ o CD SZ ="OO o 4-1 3ooCO > to: TD o i- i SZ "aa C O 'toT3 3 0 SO CD DO o ClO TD co =5 * CD E CO > CD a. -C co CCO - jz Q. q: ** o: 00co CD -d CO X o> 00 -Z 5>CD TD p SZ OCO x S c3 00 CO CO co i -.- -? =?"8 CD CO TD S.E CD X3co to O JZ <-j COi F CD CO—to w CD Clo T3 > *-5 O. SZ CO.E CO c CO m oo o o CD CO COto "3 CD * Cl TJ 5 CD o CD CD o JZ +J J3 CO >,o E O S2 co -—00 J SZ CD CC CD> s- JZ 1—o co - CO CD.=L. co -—Z= c 5 --S CD CO > o TD CuO CD%> J= op i- = Q- 4—ao CCO CD -a O O -!Z co Oc o CO SZ CO 4- E TD to3CO DOco -m TD "to 3 3 XI o O = - +"CO o CDw. CO CD 5 E CD E o 3 CO - o O I- X cco a 5 Q. o SZ 00 SZX 3 "CD CD +- CD t O O coE CD =DO 4-Jc CDX DO CO > J= i co3 co >CO co "5 -a XCD oto TD CO SE CD 6 c. 2 XJ. o00 co TD cd CD: -a: ce zz CQ O SZ 3 3 TD CD 4—00 >1CO DO co hZ "-1 I "O ZZ CL h- E03 +j is CD>, S COa CD 3O CO

<-H <j CO to COco 'CO oo00 CO -i-jCC 0).E JD JC 4= CO T3 oc 3 o 5 O O—

to TD 0 to 1—fO 00 j: 0 % - X CO o 00 CO cro n $ JJ J CLO *"o TD CO o -Q 4- jS cr q. c 0 DO Cl >oc ClO c03 E J m ro JZ X o00 JD JZ SZ to =J i| co i- H—CO 4-1 o - 4-i X o DO O 00 00 o 3 OOC 4-- to >* zz <4-J CO c 3 o 4—.2 JO c ffi CO to +3 CO COoo -v.E +; oo JZ IE > 1 CO cz J2ca 4- CL CO "oo S2 t: 5 00 5 JZ.SP J to co5 4-1 TD x = U to.t; - Cl r sro CO CO JD "a.5? o SZ =, CO> 3 o> >, CO> o3 CD 00 4->3 CD -d CO * E c

Jit j= c oo-5 C/5 4- E 8 x:5 cztz 4 Eo 5oc S3 5 co TD JD. s-x O 5 j- ocz t * JZ—> +-1.—TO x: 3 co SZO O C j- O! *-> COCl -Q DO O c COX jz 4 TD3 05 i5 TD JZ 3? O CO > DO Q- 00 x JZ JZ E CO J3 4-J CL SZ oc co 3 "oo CO co C73OO +-1 X c—3 do -x E ZJo>, oo CO M- * TD x 4- to 3 CO 5 tz X CO o +*. 4->-si c >CO o s- a. oSZ CO OO CO CO m B-x 00 Is.52 a. szi-O—O00V. ro5 Jo oarXJ c H-—I> 00 ca Z 00 O-o c.. to 1 co co CO & CO 3 00—>, 4->4-> TD o o oo5 JZ CO oZ n ro CO ca C oo -t; h=! c3 r =-5 +-> co 5 J= coDO 3 3 J 0-TO 55. JZ Htto.4- OO 00 o "g DO TD v 3 O JZ jf > 5 o X 3o (0 X 00 SZ co to sz tj.E—JZ > I—00 c o S cz C7) - E P t/3 JZ5: |> CO > td - TZ P"""ra < e 5 > o X jzis c o - X o CO 4-> XJ cCO cCO CO CO to JZ 5TD 1 O If 'coa S 5

C- to 00 oo 4) 00 o X "O -S X oo—co >t!05 r- CD CO - JZ JZ 3o 'oo"X X CO 4D 00 2 X3 x d53 O CO CuOi—CO >- 2—to 'C co TD P DO3O 53 x CO CO CO -R JZzz F>E 4-'co T X * 5 4=.3 TD 3 3 E tD. CO fig"0-5.3 *- T-S oo o W co > il! TD CO "2 TD > >> DO3 JZ +-3X >.W CO H- IE J2 JZ * CD—00 DO 4-J t- 4-1 TD 3—JZ Eoo:= CO5 +- 3J to 4-1 3 CO > c - DO o J o +j | = g to O to

"i- CO00 x C i75 3 3o oilco *J "5. 00 303 CQ JZ. to ro.E.Sf*g <= TD COo J2 o Cl CO 00 1 -t; e *"o -J—'JZ -- 3 *—2 CO00 g co a w TD OO CO cz tz E TZ 4-> Q. > o S, c 00 ZZ DOO—oy o CO DO3O CO CO TD c 5 c w X 3CO 4-> i5 4->o3 cr 3 3cu CD O "- -o X 3COco g SD. E "8 CO 3 E TD 300 TD 1- > c,E E TD 00 CO S T3 C0 OCO C O CD E w JZ +-J X r-—x -j CO -M CO JZ Cl co >.X x CO i-oX 3; X 8.5-0 CO DO COi oCO00—iO TD 00 - 3 O 00 =5 CO +-'1- +-> 00 )- - "0 00 i CO CO DO 3oo3 CO a.00 '5 DO jz f0 CO jz x E 3o1 co c 3x0 JD 003 JZ E 5 >> CO 3—o "".COmqz 4 5= tyD TD DO3CO o oo 3 TD CO 6 B a COo CO o JZ 3 CO CO CZ 4J 00 > Do 2 S2 i- -—|- JZ T5 </> - 3 3 3 +J m 1! ocCO I/I 3co 4-J o

1 co 5—EF, 4- 5 4-> "=- CO—CO >- c o CO co ro 4 i 00 8 5 3 c—+- DO3 co—-J-X J"Q. CO x CO 00 DO O "ft 4= 3 Z?TD 3 CD 5COCO SZ—00 u 00 *-'Xo to o SZ 00 COo v 3 +-> - Li > TD—<f > - CO - t TD CO S TZ3 to o3CO X CO > CO CO I—JZ O 3 m E< O 4-J CO4-< +-> CO COCL iZ: CO jz 'Cl ClCO CO 00 CO—1 TD.3 > co?D- CD5 E A

40 Era of Youth CO to -*: to TO CD TO CD; DO T3 T3 e -g TO *-* S2 TO TO >>TO > -* CD? DO 3 eo x:o E o 00E X CO +-"- x; X+- TO TO "3 C T3 2o TJ 2 roTO o.5=! TO5 TO5 5 Oe -* a) x: *- o "D 2oto to to E X 0) +- "CO X TO T5Of O > TO TO o ro o ZSO Jt 0): to t= TO +- Q. CO oTO o o -n E oto - e 00TO x:o e >,o = to E: - 0x TO to Xi TO CD TO -2Z 0)X,TO.2 5 W or TO to DO 9 SoCL C co to j= -E O CO m CD X DO T! - E!- to O c v to CDiDO TO TO M—T3 I TO - % a -C "D CD CD> O 00E -E Q.O --1,E "TO E CD izr—S 4—&"Q x: x: e +-1 CDa. X 1 oo t 'to X TOa to Q. o>i E.b to 0) t/)Q-JZto O O -t; >TO >> Q.x Q to TO E&s E 5 o x: x: E *- TO to 03 0- 00, x: to CD TD—XJ CD DO O - i oo = sa's - O 3 CQ CO DO O "- X o.tz o 00 4-J O. X) CD CD "= CD o e '0 O *"TO to to L. too EE Q- I X! bT>,.E 5 (Z O o 2X to> S TO CD E I E tr X <j CD CDCO X O O +-> TOX CDE. C 1e - >, a) tjCD>, CDC. 4—5. Q. 0 o o Qi r. oo XJ CD TOO T3 X 3 r- TO Ero i- o TO o x: Oto CD CD 1 TJ o 5 Q -E E TJ x +- o -I-'o 5 < > -*—X- OQ. O = CD -m 5 IT 5 = CDi *- >> "D e co CD.E—E O to O: TO.2 toa X. +- CD TO "D Eoo CD> TOTO x: T3 Ux >-o4-J o i CD s 00 CDX TO.y "O - 5 Ow to 0) ra -E o tt o to ECD DO "E 1 a to k.o -a o to CO v- Eo czj TO E E. E to C. TO...2 - CDEEra.2 CD - T3 II to CD C CQ 3+-> C/5 i—-r=T3 s CD O.52X E - O t—to TO.- DOa5 CDi dJ u (Oo x: m——+- "x; to oo 5 CD eTO ETO O>- to v- *? to 2-8 CO to O = H= Q. > T3—CD P.o o "D "D.—Q. TO >>- CO O TO s -7-J- s- CDX CD -Eo CD CO5 D.:o +j. X! 3- XCD to CD o jE -Q CTO CDE ETO O CD> TJ.E =5 1 1 i 8 CD O '(0EO 7- Eo TO v to XI CJ i- CD 03 "-= c* TJ P <J i- CD E—I It to cooX 00 TO TO *- C E O to to to Ero TO M TO00 - CD TO (O 5 Ex "5. C to o DO c E 3 < CD DO T3 5 o TO E EO L.O xj 5 CJ j- CDv"TO CD TO E O o e O CD Q. T5E TO v- -E+-> O T3 TSE i 'to to—nCJ b CD > CQ TOE en CO to 13 E ""S 4S ZZ.52 00 k. co to 00 < XI 2 I TO E O TO CO CD TO Q- u TO = CD.5P > C o CQ 4-J to. CO O>, Uto TO OOTO toU co x: TO to CC e—d—5 SZ5

+- 4-> to to x:o e TO x,.X 00 T3 E 5 to -p *-o TO i-.CD o E o DO x: x: 0 CD E TO o to 4-> TO '(—b to COX to vf Eo = COE 53 CD X to 2c 5O eTO O X +-> COO S—O tO TOE CD 00 CO TO ISCO.TO co i- o r-,.CO c= -a '3 TO O CO 3 =3. &=—>.. O 4- TO O X2 4-J O CD = M—co.O to toJ> E o 3 O 1- -7-J J= (DT3 iO x: > 3 to T3 x: X O. -E *= TO f TO Z3 E CD >. +-< i O O TO TO TO >i 00 DO to o n TO 1- +-< +J- CD i o x:CO TO TO eTO TO k. TO.2 CO Z 1- *-.a x:—"ECO E C to x: O F X -*-1 TO => V).3 O s-E CDT3.t:x co g - E to DO TOCJJ to o >i < to Q.2 0) DO -E DOto jz m- DOw >, js: >, x: 4 = >> o x: EO o *- I"*: >;: CO T3 e X! a co E X E—o CO x +-".Ej*: TO. to COcE(1) X! 00 CO XCO k-—o 00ETO 2 "to3 -M o K to o>o x:.E 12 'T5 TO.< g TO i to x: CO TO CQ.E -2 CL *- asS cc TO TO M TO i -2 Q TO M—=> to 7:5 co o Xo E, TO ]> TO to JZ TO to>, x: 1i? TO - > 0) (O CD 00 CD "-r 4—1 o 2 JS tO CJto TO r=z 2 b T3 to E E - E H Eo 3 to CL-E >> Sj- 4-> oto (O*- a. o>- 5 to E< E to 4 i o.—00 CD "a CO CO 4-> E II TO 2 X ETO n 4-JE '? E W DO CO TOE CD o TO to. EO TO—> X E- XCO o iii X CO X CL 5; r O CDE O X+= o c. o TO o TO TO 4-J +"t"-o to OCO TO e i TO o x E to to 'e3 TO rijS> E t"-2 XL CO E—co X 5 i: CDo 1-E O tO o u toa o to a. 5o. - to o > 1= TO o iCO =e E > o TO TO X Q 3= TO TO x: s toE

, "D E M—O E X x: TO CJ T3 to.. to op CO O TO VTO X O TO to I"P to 5 w TO3 TO to3O "> E-i 2 cd"TOE0-0 3 CO 0- uto X.—X >< O r Q x: b to x: 2 zz X T3E CO TO CD tO t*-. +- E -*< TO """tO TO x o to T3O 4-1 T3.b TO S E to CD TO——T3 X to H—?2 CO 60"3 g.i DD E CO jz to+- W o TO3 TO E 5 TO to TO to T3 2 +"E 3 JSTO, TO TO> to TO ETO CO 2? E..E 5 x CO TO>.E—TOU—TO DOE TO TO a to CJ.2 tO CD '>x: >, 0) o 55—- TO 8 4 CO >.J5 0 Tl CL "a O E E E: i tosCO r i CO.-E < T3 x: *"3 TD -t—X cCD 52 CL0 o 52 E TO e CO TO,00 TO CL TO E CO QJO x: M—w 0) o,52 (/) TO 00 Oto.52 E to (13tCL 5 cE x: xj ETO tooDO O4Z- E DOE o O CJoQ x X COQT3—x

'75 to.to to TO CO to tO TO T3:.x TJ E -X'e 3 to r"+1.E xf 6 xf 4-j TO rT3 ro 4-JT3E.1=: ETO TO TO CJ TO DO --E EO *-> oE TO TO to x: 4-j 3t. z <da. E O >>O CJ TO T3 o T3 DO T3 X JZ!ro J*. J2 S -E co C3 s TO "= to +J CJ to CO 5 > >- 1 3 '-'!.b—TJ DO 3 DO to X O Cl cowCD >vCO too00 CQ TO..E 5O ccB T3E E - E E 0x:o TOX o13to 1—TO CO5 E OCX COu to 5 - DO xT '>> 4-J DO O CD EQ) 3 E A) M O OJ C2 i TOS 4- TO TODO "e O TO to 5 X J= -*-j 'to TO J=!< TJ v x: CO P 2 x: 5 o 00 ETO x: oe CL O 4- M—4 P. feO | x > X >, O E +J -M. TO CO E - 2 X 3 TO T3 3oa >* TO O Oto to > x OTO o ul dq zz T3 co 5 5 E 5 CO TO5o CO Is X DO zj.E DO OJ S. TO <jj d)c TJ to- E 2 E 5.-. TO5 x: OE to x: -Q X TO TO Q CDQ. to T3 00 H COCO DO E tO T3 TO 00 Q. 5 X ETO <U -1 "> O - > TO H T3 = ETO T3 CO CD DOE- O a- =? o DO.E. x: to CO 4-- CD E i TO3 E CL 'ClO e T3 X3 x: TO ETO T3 ETO -'cl—CO +i DO CQ 4-J OOE CJX z 1- TO ClST-? >-O TJ > = CJ X 4-J >- "D TO +jO E—E P CO 2 >> 42,4- X X! TO T3 O 4-J TJ <"to TOOto * > X.Z* CD 3 ZZ - CL CO r- O</> Eto 4 o 4; (Oito to* CLtO o tOb sz IE Eo -X TJEO II TO X +J TOCL to TO TJ"E o 5to E3JCJ CO oX >-c C to3 O TJ TO CD toEg X ETO to!8

to 0 S,= TO E X /-N * u > DO "a TO DO 5 o E too o DO o TO X +"TO to O TO00 DOc -n.2 X E DO TO xt1-X 2 42 H- c O xj-—4-1 TJE to T3—,t co—-- 1—O O DO DO i T3 OTO 2;TO Z3 CJ)CO- I 3 TO to E 5 TO TO -1C1.2 3 5 "to TO TJ 55 TO 3—LLlm CO TO TO CO EOCJ TO5 CD o 3o>s X i x: to X T3 3O TJ—4-1 TJ TO TJ E TO 1—E I TO O TO E 4J 4-J a) 4-J Pl5 i- CO T3 >s 4-JE kj |0 x: TOTO DO TO "; CJ 4-> Eo X CD TODO. 00 jE 4-< O > E i. TO "D TO > T3 E wCO "E *"DO E cj.E ',- TJ CO 'Fi > O CD I 4-J O 3 w E ZZ TO T3—3 CJ TO- > CL TOq. CO C E1—> b CO > E co4-J % ocj. II o 5 TO o TO ETO 1 to TO.55—D0 JS b co3 -t-CM.52 o E 2 b o TO b 0) 4 8 3 g 4= E TOX1cTO CL E j? -E co CUE 4E CLCD a. i CL b x:4- oE E CO< o Erax.b 11 a!

August 1969 41 TheCr By Carroll S. Karch

You've done it! Lucky you! You've reached that magical day you thought

would never come when, a little nervously at first, you zipped through written quizzes and wheeled through road tests to win that freeway permit, that King of the Road passport, your first driver's license! Perhaps you even have your

own wheels and four on the floor for making the scene.

Not yet? Then it's a cinch some of your friends are driving, and you sometimes ride the suicide seat. So take a closer look at this deadly dozen of life's

highwaymen. No matter what your unlucky number is, ride with any one

of these characters and your luck m ay be worse than seven smashed mirrors, 13 black cats at midnight, and a month of Fridays the thirteenth!

HHMH

PARKWGLOT ZOOMER Instantly accelerates to 90 mph unmindful of pedestrians and fellow motorists. Whips his GTO

and out between rows of Vi parked cars, gleefully playing an Orwellian game of machineversus-man.

TRAFFICLIGHT

SCRATCHER... Brother

inblood to above species.

Guns his 396 into a split precision takeoff, fully aware that signals are set fo 20 miles per hour.

CENTERLANE HUGGER... Drives in passing

lane no matter how slow his speed. Thinks

"Keep Right"signs are the warnings of some religious sect. Fancies himself

another Parnelli Jones and feels the inside track has a tremendous advantage over the outside lane.

SPEEDLIMIT SCORNER

... Has not only a tiger in his tank

but a kink in his think.

Ignores all limits,posted or unposted

Clings to the theory that some stupid person set them overcautiously low and they are not meant for him, since (1) his reflexes are perfect, (2) he is an expert operating an efficien machine. Further maintains

that all speedometers are set to slow down motorists.

CUTIN SHARPSTER...

Knows nothing of and i couldn't care less about laws < of physics and facts of <\ life on the highivay.

Expects fastmoving 327 Nova to stand still, while his 283 passes and weaves into orbit in front of it.

fUJ PASSING FIEND...

Loves to play followthe-leadt when he's in front. Can't

stand to follow. Scorning

safety, his 427 Corvette must pass everyone on the road, especially on hills or curves. And

particularly if he'll reach his destination in the next two or three blocks.

ISOSIGNAL SLOB Shrugs his way through t without signals. Never

thinks farther ahead than his car hood. If he did,

would egotistically expect other drivers to automatically anticipate his intentions, whether left turn, right, or instant dead stop.

TURNSIGNAL

IGNORAMUS... Seemingly

a frustrated Broadway actor with a love for bright lights. Tours freeways

and byways blind and deaf to danger of blinking and clicking safety devicesaccidentally flicked on or gone awry, so that other drivers cannot depend automatic turn signals until on the correctness of any move has been made.

BLITHE SPIRIT... Can

drink himself to death (even take others with him) on the small amount of alcohol required to stimulate selfconfidence, reduce alertness, and slow reflexes. His normal

good judgment disappears in drunkeness, which, studies reveal, is involved in about half of the nation's almost 50,000 yearly fatal accidents, with 70 percent of all fatal injuries resulting from persons drinking the equivalent in alcohol of three or more martinis!

The instructor was a patient in the hospital.

He stood before the class in pajamas.

\A7

By Chaplain

Joseph F. McConkie

G\purage, as and said, "I'm in a great deal of pain. Would you

I with all qualities, administer to me?"

has many degrees. I saw this courage in the humble tears of a

As I reflect upon the experiences of a year in career sergeant when he was called to be a group

Vietnam, I realize that I witnessed many of these leader. He had volunteered to go to Vietnam, leavvariations. There was the physical courage of the ing a large family at home, so he could serve the

battlefield; the quiet courage of mentally and Church. He took 50 copies of the Book of Mormon

physically exhausted men accepting additional with him.

missions; and the courage to meet the tedium of I saw this courage in the hospital chapel at

everyday duty. But above all others, there was Vung Tau, where a small servicemen's group was

the courage of conviction—that courage which holding priesthood meeting. The instructor was a

enabled some to say "no"to the countless temptapatient in the hospital. He stood before the class

tions that were flaunted before them, and mean it. in pajamas. After the meeting he confided, "I

"It takes courage to be a Latterday Saint,"didn't think I would be able to stand. Now it hurts

said George Q. Cannon. "A man that is a coward to sit."

cannot be a Latterday Saint. A woman who is I thrilled at the many young men I met who not

not a heroine cannot be a Latterday Saint. It only had the courage to meet physical danger, but

requires just that kind of courage which is so also had the courage to remain true to covenants rare in the world... the courage to maintain they made with the Lord. After one of his trips

one's conviction."to Vietnam, Elder Gordon B. Hinckley described

I saw this courage when two lowranking GI's our LDS servicemen in these words: "There are no

went to the hardened commanding officer of the better men in the world than these who, while stockade and asked to have one of the guards wearing the uniform of the United States, are taken off the night watch. When the colonel doing their duty as holders of the priesthood of

asked why, the response was, "So we can teach God."To that I would only add, There are none

him the gospel of Jesus Christ."The request was more courageous.

granted. Captain Joseph F. McConkie spent a year in Viet-

I saw this courage late one night in an evacuanam as an army chaplain. He is a former seminary

tion hospital. A faithful elder, severely burned instructor and missionary.

when his helicopter crashed, took my hand, smiled,

46 Era of Youth N \ \ o \\

// o >s"/

y \

y

/ / I /'/ y y

N / KEEP PARK!

RIGHT

y Entering Mortal Probation TWOWAY / TRAFFIC

\V V AHEAD

48 \ Era of Youth

m

Floral

Fiesta On Reaching

Moon By William T. Sykes

Editorial Associate

')Mm0MM:v:mim

The long, needleshaped object all one language; and this they

streaked upward, spaceward. As begin to do: and now nothing will

I watched it lift its human cargo he restrained from them, which toward the stars, there came into they have imagined to do"(Gen.

my mind an old, halfforgotten 11:4-6. Italics added.)

story, one that had seemed buried Man is a restless, unsatisfied, creature, a mental in fantasy—an unreal tale, yet impatient

one that claims a place in the giant. Halffearfully we read of

.. and now nothing will You'll adore the extravagant smash of flowers genesis of man's history on the him: ".

over flowers—moving, dancing and bloomearth. be restrained from them, which

opaque in festive profusion. The flattering, ing to do."imagined to, have let us they said, We they Go "And

sleeves, and Gypsytied exotic features gown imagibelieve that man's cannot tower, whose city build and a us a peignoir sheer with a beautiful, is enhanced whirling with matching flowers. 100% Nylon top may reach into heaven; and nation will end on the surface of exciting floral combos—"Fiesta Tricot in two "Fiesta let us make us a name, lest we be the moon, or Mars, or any other orangelime-shocking. Sunlight"

Moonlight"orchidturquOise-pink. Gown scattered abroad upon the face member of the family of our sun.

#7540. Peignoir #7840. P.S.M.L. of the whole earth. And if not on one of these, where?

$24.00 Each "And the Lord came down to To the Latterday Saint, whose

$44.00 Set see the city and the tower, which teachings tell him that someMail Order Price the children of men builded. where out there, somewhere near

Your See Local "And the Lord said, Behold, the great star Kolob, God has his Consultant LeVoy's or Mail Check or MO. the people is one, and they have throne, the creative possibilities Postpaid in U.S.A. |*H%

2511 S.W. Temple Salt Lake City, Utah 84115

50 Improvement Era Advertisement

"In this rapidly changing world, just what should I be looking for in a good university?"

Here are a few guidelines you might consider in choosing a college or university 1 WHAT IS THE FACULTY LIKE?

No university can rise to a level of excellence above that of its faculty. A university is more than

just a campus—it's people and ideas and dialogue—and among the most important people are

the men and women who teach the classes.

WHAT IS THE EXTENT AND THE QUALITY OF THE ACADEMIC PROGRAMS?

How many fields of study are available at the undergraduate level? How many kinds of graduate

degrees are available? How many professional schools can you choose from? How good is the

quality of instruction and research in the academic programs? For example—what is the caliber

of the scholarship in the honors program? Are the academic opportunities relevant to your

needs? How much is offered in your particular chosen field?

IS THE ADMINISTRATION INNOVATIVE, PROGRESSIVE, CREATIVE?

Who are the decision makers in the administration and what are their ideas? Most important—is

the administration aware of the needs of students and faculty and honestly responsive to these needs? Are students allowed to contribute in a meaningful way to the university? To what extent

are students and faculty involved in decisions that govern the university?

4 WHAT ARE THE SOCIAL AND CULTURAL OPPORTUNITIES?

Will you have a chance to associate with a variety of people? To explore all ideas, to question

each premise, to weigh issues for yourself? Do you hope to participate in student activities,

associations, government and fraternities? Do you expect meaningful religious involvement

according to your own choice?

5 FINALLY, THE MOST IMPORTANT QUESTION IS ABOUT YOURSELF.

WHAT KIND OF PERSON ARE YOU?

Are you a mature and responsible person who can cope wisely with freedom? Are you really

concerned with learning and academic excellence? Are you the kind of person who demands

honesty and intellectual integrity in yourself as well as in others?

You must weigh the merits of a university in relation to your personal needs and choose for yourself...

Can we help you by sending information about the University of Utah? We will welcome a letter

or telephone call to:

Franklin L. McKean, Director of Admissions

309 Park Building, University of Utah

Salt Lake City, Utah 84112 Telephone (801) 3227281 August 1969 51 in man's imagination bear added Lord thy God shall take in his testimony that he is indeed a son heart to do but what he will do of God, and that as such apparit."(Abr. 3:17.)

ently nothing will be restrained Since man is the son of God, it from him. As a son of that Famay be said of him also that

ther, man thrills with the knowlthere is nothing he "shall take in edge that space is filled with his heart to do but what he will do

God's kingdoms, and that if he is it."To those who might suggest

faithful, all that his Father has that man cannot reach the pinwill be shared with him. nacle of his creativeness, that this

Abraham saw these kingdoms life with its supposed limitations and said: "And I saw the stars, offers only the closed door of

that they were very great, and death, a photograph of a giant that one of them was nearest unmissile streaking its way into the to the throne of God; and there heavens can be a reminder that

were many great ones which were life is eternal, that man's progress near unto it; can be as limitless as space.

gracious touch provide the We in our "And the Lord said unto me: When God said that "he that elegance of and charm

personalized assistance with your These are the governing ones; and hath eternal life is rich"(D&C

reception arrangements. the name of the great one is Ko- 6:7), he said something that all

believe rationally and it me, is near unto because may men VILLA lob, CRESTWOOD

I as space fully understand thy God: for I Lord more am the 6505 Highland Drive

Salt Lake Citv. Utah have set this one to govern all begins to yield its secrets to those

Phone 2789291 those which belong to the same who explore its dimensions. And

If no answer, call 4876116 or 4858880 order as that upon which thou if mortal man can accomplish standest."(Abr. 3:2-3.) this, what then of his future when

In simple terms, Abraham saw he joins the immortals and comes that this earth is involved in a to learn from the Great Explorer all the secrets of the universe?MIA CHORAL FESTIVAL continuing, connecting chain of

REPERTOIRE 1970 governingthrough spacestarsuntilreachingthe chainout wouldWe arequestionnot amongpresentthoseadvanwho

MIXED reaches the throne of God, near tages to be gained by seeking out

Now Let All the Heavens Kolob, the great governing body, the secrets above and beyond the concern Adore Thee—Bach.25 which is set to govern all the earth. Neither need we Sing to the Lord—Vance.25 stars and planets that belong to ourselves with future colonization

The Lord Is My Shepherdthe order in which this earth is of the moon or other bodies that in our total though God, be included who placed. might Even MatthewsCorners—Klein.30.30 of peopling his If the things all these space program. by upholds.30 CranberryCanon—BachSwingle

Fantastics.85 power, is an actual personage, other celestial bodies is not given

Windy.30 occupying only one place at a to man in mortality, then surely Be Joyful—Glarum.25 time, and has a place of adminiswe can leave the control of it in

all hands. trative which from God's power ChooseStar—ThompsonSomething Like a.40 yet governed, are he these things does seem of importance What Hallelujah—Beethoven From The Mount of is so closely related to men on to us is that we conduct our lives

Olives.30 this earth that he shows himself after the pattern set by our FaSSA to them and speaks face to face ther in heaven, so these great

While We're Young.30 with them as one man speaks to accomplishments in space may be

Up, Up and Away.30 another. ours to continue throughout all

TTBB The Lord said: "Now, if there eternity. Then it may truly be

build to begin the of us, said things, when we above one two Joyful Sound.25 be Make a

"... tower, now our the and our city above other, be and the moon With Abide Me

earth, then it may be that a nothing will be restrained from planet or a star may exist above them, which they have imagined

Cot it; and there is nothing that the to do."O wMusic

P. O. Box 2009

IDAHO FALLS, IDAHO 8340 L

52 Improvement Era adBu*—

By sharing expenses with others, each person can usually live in a much

Todays Family nicer home for less money,

By Eleanor Knowles

When Family Means Roommates \J

In today's mobile society, when many young people doing things, the same interests, the same background.

leave home in their late teens or early twenties to While you usually find differences of habits and interpursue an education or career, the word family often ests among persons who are in the immediate family, comes to include roommates—other young people who such differences may be much more exaggerated and

have similar interests and who pool their resources pronounced among persons who come from different to share a room, apartment, or home. homes and environments.

For the person who is just leaving home and looking Roommates come in all sizes, shapes, and types. One

forward to this sharing experience, it's a time of eager may like to go to bed early; another is a "night peranticipation. Hopefully, having and being a roommate son."One likes rock music; another prefers the classics.

will be enjoyable. For some, though, it is also a time One is gregarious and likes to have many people

of trial, error, and sometimes disappointment. Finding around; another is a loner and enjoys solitude. One

the right combination of roommates—those who will be person is a meticulous housekeeper; another doesn't

compatible and pleasant to live with—isn't always easy, notice dust on the floor or dirty dishes in the sink.

and it takes a great deal of patience, understanding, Why, then, do people ever join forces to share apartand effort on the part of each person who shares livments? Actually, the advantages almost always outing quarters with others. weigh the disadvantages, especially for the young adult

Let's face it—not everyone has the same ways of who has a limited budget and is not yet established in

August 1969 53

the community. By sharing expenses with others, this 2. Expect to pay your share of the expenses (rent,

person can usually live in a much nicer home for less telephone, lights, food, etc. ). It helps if one person

money, and there are also the advantages of instant handles the finances and sees that the rent and utilities friendships and companionship. If, in addition to havare paid on time. Food expenses may be handled by

ing quarters in common, the roommates are also active the person assigned to do the cooking for the week or in church, are near the same age, enjoy the same or by the apartment "treasurer."

similar types of recreation and entertainment, and 3. Respect each other's property. Borrowing is fine

have similar standards and ideals, the allimportant only if both parties agree to it.

CQ (compatibility quotient) is high and chances for 4. Respect each other's right to privacy. There are

a happy home life are greatly enhanced. times when virtually everyone needs to be alone, and

For girls especially, learning to manage a home or others shouldn't take offense (unless, of course, one apartment is an invaluable training ground for marperson's need for privacy and solitude is constant and riage. One writer, who claims that "roommates make he or she continually shuts out the others in the group;

the best wives,"has written: "When I... graduated in such a case, the person involved may need counselfrom high school, I couldn't even light a gas stove. ing or may be better off living alone )

After having lived with 15 roommates, from one to five 5. Don't bottle up grievances and grudges. Talk

at a time, during five years of college and two of a them out with the person involved and try to reach career, I can now, if necessary, bake a loaf of bread, an understanding as soon as possible.

change a fuse, bait a mouse trap (and dispose of it 6. Keep your own possessions put away and your

when it's served its purpose), cook 43 different dishes own room and living space neat. If each person does

starring hamburger, and look on almost all quirks of this, no one need feel embarrassed or chagrined if behavior with equanimity. I'm also a whiz at providunexpected company drops in. It also makes for a

ing three meals a day at $5 per week per person, and if, more comfortable home for all.

after marriage, I discover that my husband has no 7. Select roommates who are close to the same age,

more trying habits than snoring, strewing his clothes if possible, and who have compatible or similar on the floor, and eating crackers in bed, I'll consider interests.

him a miracle."(Joan Paulson, Ladies Home Journal, 8. Make a conscious effort to try to get along with

March 1967, p. 171. the other roommates. As one girl has said, "It's more

What sort of situation will the person who is new important to try to get along than to worry about to "roommating"find? There are probably as many little inconveniences or annoyances of those we live

different kinds of roommate situations as there are with."

people. No two combinations of individuals are alike, Preparing and eating meals together is a pleasant

and there are innumerable factors, personalities, backexperience for most roommates. Those who have

grounds, and habits that must be reckoned with. never done much cooking before will find roommates

Often roommates share the cooking, but sometimes generally tolerant of their efforts and often helpful their schedules, habits, and preferences dictate a policy in teaching them how to cook. Those who are more

of "to each his own,"with a kitchen drawer or shelf proficient at preparing meals often enjoy trying out and refrigerator space assigned to each person for his new and exotic dishes. (I can remember vividly one

own supplies. Some roommate groups shop together, family home evening when each roommate and guest

cook together, and share household responsibilities; prepared a speciality for a potluck supper, and we

others assign duties that are done individually. Some ended up with enchiladas, a noodle casserole, garlic

enjoy activities together both inside and outside the bread, a German torte with sourcherry filling—and

home; others have only their sleeping quarters in comavocado ice cream!

mon and pursue other interests and activities indi- "Unlike new husbands, roommates have no qualms vidually. about judging a dish to be a disaster,"one girl has

But no matter what the situation, a few basic guideobserved.

lines should be considered to help make roommate livYoung adults today are generally quite involved in ing a more pleasant experience for all: outside activities, taking classes, doing community

1. Decide on a division of responsibility for houseand club work, fulfilling church assignments, and

hold chores, and stick to it. Each person should assume pursuing cultural interests. Therefore, it's nice to have

responsibility for keeping the home clean and should a few onedish-meal specialties that can be prepared not have to be nagged or reminded to do his share of and then kept warm on the burner or in the oven. The

the housework. A duty chart with rotation of specific following recipes have been found by two career girls

responsibilities usually works well. to be delicious, economical, and easy to prepare.

54 Improvement Era.

Shrimp and Noodle Casserole (Serves 5-6)

2 cups small shrimp, cooked and cleaned (or 2 cans shrimp) 8 ounces narrow noodles, cooked 1 can condensed Cheddar cheese soup

V3 soup can milk cups wholekernel corn, cooked

sliced mushrooms, or 6-ounce% cupcan(canned or frozen). '::.''\

tablespoons buttered crumbs

Combine all ingredients except buttered a greased pour into and crumbs / casserole. Sprinkle with mediumsize

crumbs and bake about 30 minutes in a 400 F. oven, or until browned and

bubbly.

Ham Casserole With Vegetables (Serves 5-6)

1% cups cooked ham, diced 1 cup cooked green beans 1 can condensed cream of mushroom soup

V2 cup milk 1 cup wholekernel corn 1 cup cooked carrot slices 1 cup cooked little white onions y2 cup buttered crumbs Combine all ingredients except crumbs in a medium casserole. Top with

crumbs and bake 2025 minutes in a 375 F. oven, or until golden and

bubbly. Quickie Corn Chowder NOW

V4 cup butter or margarine 1 large onion, diced convenient 1 can (1 pound) creamstyle corn 2 cans (1 pound each) whole potatoes, diced 1 can (7 ounces) tuna fish, flaked metal pour 3 cups milk 1 teaspoon seasoned salt Y2 teaspoon salt..% teaspoon pepper spout

In large saucepan, melt butter. Add

diced onion and cook until tender, but On New 2 lb. fine granulated,

not brown. Add corn, diced potatoes,

milk, thortuna, seasonings. Heat and

oughly, 2 1 lb. fine granulated 1 lb. but about do not boil. Makes

quarts chowder. superfine granulated.

Sweet and Sour Meatballs (Serves 6-8) Sweeten your life with sweet

I 1 pound ground beef treats made with U and 1 egg 1 tablespoon cornstarch Sugar... home grown/home 1 teaspoon salt

2 tablespoons onion, chopped pepper produced in "Sugarplum 1 tablespoon oil pineapple 1 cup juice Land."cornstarch 3 tablespoons

1 tablespoon soy sauce 3 tablespoons vinegar 6 tablespoons water y2 cup brown sugar—*-

August 1969 55 WEDDING INVITATIONS & ACCESSORIES

$5.75 MERCOTYPEFIRST 100 $7.75MERCOGRAPHFIRST 100 $19.75 ENGRAVEDFIRST 100

Printed on finest plain or paneled Raised letters (thermography) - Genuine steel die engraved—

vellum wedding papers in sharp, beautiful and distinctive and o Engraving plate sent with your clean new type faces. sincere value at this price. order. 15day delivery. 4 slices pineapple, cut into pieces

2 green peppers, cut into strips

Art rendering of all LD.S. NEW!

beef, Mix ground egg, 1 tablespoon for Temples stationery your wedding salt, cornstarch, onion, and few grains

Over 60 styles from which to choose of pepper. Form into 18 balls or more.

including all the elegant vellums Brown them in a small amount of oil;

drain. oil To 1 tablespoon pineadd in silver and finest parchments

juice apple and low cook a over heat pastels. gray Also and beautiful few minutes. of mixture table- 3 Add

nformals, enclosures, thank you spoons cornstarch, soy sauce, vinegar, notes, at home cards, napkins, water, and sugar. Cook until juice

photo albums, L.D.S. wedding thickens, stirring constantly. Add meat

books, and many accessories. balls,strips. pineapple,Heat thoroughly.and greenServe hot.pepper

ORDERGUARANTEED BE PROMPTLY Chicken Divan WITH COMPLETEOR REFUNDED.YOUR CONFIDENCE.MONEY WIU SATISFACTION AND CHEERFULLY

ALLTISSUEDWEDDINGAND INSERTEDINVITATIONSINTO INSIDEAND ANNOUNCEMENTSENVELOPES. (Serves 6)

FREE Gifts with every order Cooked sliced chicken (enough to serve

FREE CATALOG Y22 cuppackagessliced frozentoastedbroccoli,Brazil nutscookedor and FREE almonds 6 tablespoons butter or margarine

Etiquette Wheel 6 tablespoons flour 3 cups milk salt teaspoons or (50c if airmail reiy2 quested) credited on 3 egg yolks, slightly beaten your order. x/4 teaspoon Tabasco sauce

4 tablespoons grated Parmesan M E R C U R Y Name cheese a Make of cream sauce butter, the PUBLISHING CO. Address, flour, milk, and to and taste. season

146 SIXTH STREET EAST SOUTH it is Stir until thick. a smooth and Add City State Zip 84111 CITY, LAKE SALT UTAH little to the yolks egg blend and back

into the cream sauce. Cook a minute or

two more, but do not let it boil. Stir

in the Tabasco and cheese. Arrange

the cooked broccoli on the bottom of a shallow casserole. Pour a thin layer of

the cream sauce on the broccoli and cover with half of the nuts. Arrange the

Look ahead to school wardrobes overlappingchicken slicesthem.on topCoverin awiththickthelayer,rest

of the sauce. Bake the casserole 20

and fall home decorating withminutesthe inremaininga 375 F.nutsoven.and Sprinklebake 5

minutes longer. Put under the broiler

for a moment to brown. (Note: Turkey

Shop our newlyarriving collections for family fashmay be used in place of chicken.) q

ions and home furnishings. Convenient payment

terms arranged. Delivery in our wide delivery area.

Mail orders to Box 1465, Salt Lake City, Utah.

The Beginning

By Joseph Dewey A thousandmile journey begins Not with the first step, State and Broadway, Salt Lake City, Utah 841 10

But ivith the thought, the intent. 2457 Washington Blvd., Ogden, Utah 84401

Before greatness is wrought, There proceeds a great thought.

The U. S. Post Office The first step is inclined

and Improvement The Era your help. By a journey out of sight—need USE YOUR

giving zip your us By thousand Ten miles of light code number, you will ZIP CODE be deassured speedy the In mind.PLEASE

livery of your Era.

56 Improvement Era 7, 7. 7, Tu. toil at!

It's the greatest Saves me time every shopping and travel card month 'cause I have only ever inventedbecause it one bill to pay instead can be used for so many of many.

things at so many places.

On/y once have / / iike itbecause it make9 used the cashadvance record keeping go easy. -feature. /needed cash right

And if heipQ me ifien fora very worthwhile control my budget too. purpose. And/gotit!

Want one? FIRST SECURITY

BankAmericard responsibleBankAmericardpersonis whoavailablehas thetoabilityany to handle income wisely. Applications

'fy&Uts Tfatrie/ are available at any First Security Bank

AUTHORIZED SIGNATURES x-:-:-x:::::->:::::::;:::::::::::::::::::;:;:;X:

or at BankAmericard participating merchants. Fill in and mail. It's self

addressed and postage is paid.

'Servicemarks awnect ana* licensed by nlrtwrica.Service CorpdratJon

August 1969 57 Kodak Kim DEVELOPING Norwegian: Ray C. Johnson.

Scottish: Francis N. Grigg. The Church South Central States (new mission):

Albert B. Crandall. MovesOn Swedish: Herbert B. Spencer.SAVEM

P. Christensen. FAST, CONVENIENT Tongan: James

QUALITY SERVICE Western States: Phillip G. Redd.

CUT OUT AND USE THIS May 1969 HANDY FORM June 1969 U Upon a wooded hilltop overlookStake, 484th in the ing Madrid, Elder Marion G. Romney U Arkansas

COLOR dedicated Spain for the preaching of Church, was organized by Elder Harold the gospel. The Church was legally B. Lee of the Council of the Twelve

K0DAC0L0R recognized by Spain on October 22, and Elder James A. Cullimore, Assistant

Developing and SUPER SIZE Prints 1968. to the Twelve, from the Arkansas Dis-

.. Save.$2.55 Rolls: 8 Exposure 77< trict of the Gulf States Mission. Presi-

.. Rolls: $3.00 Save $1.48 Exposure 12

Reprints from Negs:. $.20 ea. Save 9* Susquehanna Stake (New Yorkdent Dean C. Andrew and counselors

Super Size Prints are 4x4 with 50% Greater Pennsylvania) was organized by Elder Thomas L. Brown and Jesse L. Miller

Picture Area Mark E. Petersen of the Council of were sustained.

KODACHROME or EKTACHROME the Twelve from parts of Cumorah New stake presidencies: President

Developed into Slides or Movie Film Stake and the Cumorah Mission. SusBlaine W. Hancey and counselors Wil35 mm, 20 Mounted Slides: tained were President Harold R. Capeliam A. Sorenson and Rex K. Thompson,

$1.35 Save75< ner and counselors Joseph M. Ballantyne Cache (Utah) Stake; President Vyrl D.

35 mm, 36 Mounted Slides: and Horace H. Christensen. This is the Goff and counselors Dee R. Witt and

$2.40 Save $1.00

Super 8 Cartridge or 8 mm Movie Roll: 483rd stake now functioning in the Floyd D. Glissmeyer, Redding (Cali-

$1.35 Save75< Church. fornia) Stake.

BLACK & WHITE EU The First Presidency announced ||J Additional mission president and

Developing and Jumbo Prints the assignments of recently appointed his assignment announced by the First 8 Exposure Rolls $.85 Save 5U mission presidents: Presidency:

12 Exposure Rolls $1.00 Save 88c Alaska Canadian: Raymond C. Bowers. Finnish: Orval L. Nelson.

20 Exposure Rolls $1.35 Save $1.45 Andes South: Norman K. Roberts. It was announced that 37,398 stu36 Exposure Rolls $2.00 Save $2.72 Argentine: Verden E. Bettilyon. dents in the United States and 13 other

GENEALOGY PHOTOS ArizonaAustrian:(newCharlesmission):W. Broberg.Clark M. Wood countriesthis year. wereIn addition,graduated1,850fromcollegeseminarystuNegatives from old photos: Brazilian: Sherman H. Hibbert. dents were graduated from institutes

$.60 Save 40 c British: Wilford Dean Belnap. of religion.

Prints from negatives: $.08 Save 4f California: John K. Edmunds. An automobile accident in the rain

INSTRUCTIONS: Check your order above and fill California East (new mission): William near Innsbruck claimed the lives of

entire address and below Wrap in name form L. Nicholls. two missionaries serving in the Austrian film include your and exposed in heavy around

along with your remittance envelope duty

C.O.D.'s order: please $1.00 Minimum WeNo California North (new mission): Ira Mission, Elders Vaughn A. Mason, 21,

pay return postage You receive full credit for A. Terry. of Rexburg, Idaho, and Mitchell Daniel

unprintable negatives or any any overpayment.

residents add Utah Tax. California South: Marion L. Coleman. Wilson, 20, of Denver, Colorado. Sales 3V2% State

Central British: Clifton I. Johnson.

NAME (PLEASE PRINT) Central German: Walter H. Kindt. EH Hudson River Stake, 485th now

ADDRESS 'Cumorah: Robert L. Stephenson. functioning, was organized by Elder

Danish: Paul L. Pehrson. Mark E. Petersen of the Council of the

CITY STATE ZIP Check if you want Film Mailer Envelopes at no East Central States: William H. Day. Twelve from the Albany District, "Cucharge FrancoBelgian: Thomas H. Brown. morah Mission, with Thomas L. Hicken

Hawaii: Kenneth N. Gardner. as stake president and J. Reid Burnett,

YOU MUST BE SATISFIED OR YOUR MONEY WILL BE PROMPTLY REFUNDED New Zealand South: Eugene Ludwig. Sr., and Sterling C. Burton, counselors.

MAIL TODAY TO North Argentine: Henry C. Gorton. New stake presidency: President

SAM'S PHOTO LAB Northwestern States: Grant A. Stucki. Kenneth P. Anderson succeeds Presi-

P.O. Box 1115, Dept. X, Salt Lake City, Utah 84110

58 Improvement Era Of perpetual interest

to Church members and dent J. Richard Evanson, deceased, in

the Taber (Alberta, Canada) Stake. their friends

Counselors are Garth M. Harris and

Burns W. Wood.

mission presidents and Temples jjj Additional assignments were announced by the and the

First Presidency:

Southern Australian: Lester F. HewLatter-day Saints

lett, Jr.

Florida: J. Murray Rawson.

North Central States: Carl M. King. Now available in

French Polynesian: Ralph J. Rich- a special Erasized

ards. booklet

per Pensacola (Florida) Stake was or50 copy per copyganized by Elder Mark E. Petersen of 40(

or for 25 the Council of the Twelve from portions more of the Florida Mission. President Stanford L. Stapleton and counselors Harold

L. Miller, Sr., and Nelson L. Roane

were sustained.

Sacramento (California) South Stake was organized from portions of Sacramento Stake by Elder Ezra Taft Benson of the Council of the Twelve. President

John H. Huber and counselors Lee W.

Carter and Connell B. Roberts were

sustained.

Pago Pago (American Samoa) Stake was organized by Elder Howard W.

Hunter of the Council of the Twelve and Elder Henry D. Taylor, Assistant to

the Twelve, from portions of the

Samoan Mission. President Patrick

Selections from the finest articles and pictures appearing in the Era over

Peters and counselors Opapo Afualo and John W. Welton were sustained. a number of years, including:

The three stakes organized today Fullpage, fullcolor pictures of all bring the number of functioning stakes existing temples to 488. Numerous fourcolor pictures of

New stake presidencies: President temple interiors Temples—PresidentRussell G. Williams and counselors TheDavidPurpose0. McKayof

Lloyd L. Brown and Dietrich K. GehmThe LDS Concept of Marriage—

lich, Grant (Salt Lake City) Stake; President Hugh B. Brown

President Homer Nixon Stephenson Ancient Temples and Their Functions

B. Sperryand counselors Albert L. Fisher, Jr.,—Sidney

and Stanley R. Dewsnup, Sacramento featuresOther pertinentof "Mormonism"articles on distinctive

(California) Stake.

Order from

Additional mission presidents and Ideal for home, their assignments were announced by classroom, and the First Presidency: missionary

Northern States: Wilford K. Kimball, use

Southeast Mexican: Samuel Boren. 79 South State Street

Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

August 1969 59 vention ofHeart Disease The blood of man, which delivers oxygen and afflicted before they can reach a hospital. Thirty to

nutrition to billions of body cells, requires an unfailing forty percent of those reaching a hospital alive will propulsion source to drive it through the many miles of subsequently succumb, with an overall mortality rate blood channels on its neverceasing circulatory route. of approximately fifty percent. This abrupt cessation

This driving force, the human heart, is a complex dual of blood supply to a portion of the heart muscle is circuit pump with unidirectional valves that is responcalled a heart attack ( coronary occlusion or myocardial sive on an instant's notice to every body need. infarction). Almost all cases of this nature are caused

In addition to this rapidly responsive capability, by hardening ( atherosclerosis ) of the coronary arteries, durability of an unbelievable degree is required for which results in a clot or atherosclerotic plaque the span of a lifetime. Yet the healthy heart has these plugging the vessel. This condition is such a frequent

qualities in surplus amounts. The pump action is prooccurrence that it is the leading cause of death in the

vided by muscles that contract forcefully and United States, with half a million Americans dying rythmically under the influence of selfgenerated annually from its onslaught.

electrical impulses. Provide these heart muscles with Atherosclerosis, or hardening of the arteries, occurs

sufficient oxygen and proper nutrients via a good in many areas of the body, but it is in the vital areas of blood supply, and, in the absence of chance disease or the body that in many cases the disastrous effects of injury, they will outlast average life span today. this disease are first manifest (heartcoronary occluThe blood flow to heart muscles is through coronary sion and brainstroke ). Atherosclerosis is an abnormal

arteries originating directly from the large aorta. These deposition of fatty substances in the normally smooth,

are the first arteries supplied by freshly oxygenated strong inner wall of arteries, with fats (lipids), lipoand nutritionally renewed blood. If the heart's blood proteins, and cholesterol being the chief chemicals

supply is diminished slightly, it cannot respond maxipresent.

mally to stress. If it is diminished more, severe disThe very high death rate for those with this disease

ability and painful angina pectoris or failure maycontinues unchecked despite maximum research efforts ensue.

If it is cut off completely, the heart muscles in Dr. Ray G. Cowley, a member of the Denver (Colorado)

18th Ward, is executive secretary of the Western States the deprived area will die; and if the whole person Mission presidency, chief of the pulmonary disease

survives, they are replaced by functionless scar tissue. service at Fitzsimmons General Hospital in Denver, and

a respected medical lecturer and author of numerous

An abrupt closure of a coronary artery produces scientific papers on medical topics.

death in approximately thirty percent of those so

60 Improvement Era and much money expended to improve the treatment results. This process can be prevented, however, and *

the emphasis should logically be in this direction. Richard L Evans

to thought of atherosclerosis be process was once The

it is The Spoken Word of aging, irreversible result but inevitablean and neither of these, and the facts regarding this have only recently been established. "My departed hoursThis type of heart disease is primarily seen in males, where are they?"

with increasing numbers of cases being seen in younger age groups (30's, 40's, and 50\s) during the past two is startling swiftness the with always and protected apparently arc femalesdecades. Although

at life passes. goes, the speed time which Everwhich special attacks before menopause byfrom heart 1 the are they?"hours departed—where "My as the as vulnerable they afterward becomehormones,

poet asked in anguish. The weeks seem hours only.

male, with an even higher mortality rate.

And when we look at what we do with a day, the The story of the search for the cause of this medical problem is a fascinating one, and many answers are lost time, the inbetween times, we wonder at the at or looking waste—sometimes away wenow known. Highlighting the facts is this report from time

listening to the time it takes; someisn't worth what

The Mayo Clinic Yroceecling: "I would like now to distimes reading what isn't worth or worthy of the

pose of two ideas that have fairly wide acceptance paper it is printed on; sometimes thoughts that

among physicians. One is that atherosclerosis is an never should have been thought or written. "What

invariable accompaniment of the aging vascular sysis time?"asked Longfellow. "The shadow on the

tem. The other is that the disease is irreversible. dial, the striking of the clock, the running of the

Neither is true. Observations in man as well as experisand...? These are but... outward signs.... Time

mental animals over many years have shown that is the Life of the soul."2 Time, life, choice:—the

atherosclerosis can in fact be reversed. The mechavery essence of all we are or shall be—ever. And

nisms by which such reversal can be effected have been mayhap we ought to make our own timeand-motion largely of a dietary nature. Our views on atherostudies in our own personal pursuits, and note the

sclerosis based on a painstaking, sometimes halting, and difference between going forward and merely going often confusing marshalling of data leave no room for through motions; and not so much needlessly do

doubt that this disease need not be a necessary part of the same things over and over again, such as somethe aging vascular system. Atherosclerosis is preventtimes shifting and reshuffling the same pile of papers

able and reversible."(Vol. 40, November 1965, p. 815.) and putting them in different places, without really

Why is this epidemic of heart disease occurring clearing up the clutter; sometimes doing essentially

in the United States and not at all or to a lesser degree the same with problems—worrying and reworrying

in other countries of the world? The United States about the same ones without doing what can or

has become a dangerous country to live in from this should be done; sometimes wrestling with the

standpoint. A recent worldwide survey of mortality same habits, the same appetites, the same troubled

statistics revealed that the U.S. mortality rate was conscience, without really repenting or improving

exceeded by only one other country. The entire reason or really learning our lessons. With time moving,

for this high mortality rate was coronary heart disease. chimes sounding, life passing, just going through

One might assume that discovery of control measures motions is not enough. There are some things we

for so widespread a disease would be simple, but the ought to be doing now, or ought already to have uninspired mind of man most often learns truth done. Oh, may we have the wisdom to use the

through the pathway of trial and error, and this is a little time, the precious life, to do what should be tedious, costly, and difficult process. done, to learn what should be learned, to live as

The gathering of scientific data began in a very we should live: repenting, improving, performing,

preliminary manner in 1908 when a Russian scientist, with a blessed sense of peace and purpose—not

Ignatovski, noted a much higher incidence of coronary just rearranging our problems—not just rushing

atherosclerosis among the wealthy class in Russia than around.

this population. studied in the peasant found Hewas

2EdwardLongfellow.Young,Hyperion,Night Thoughts.Bk ii, ch, 6. that the high incithoroughly situation and reported

dence of heart disease among the rich was related to a *"The Spoken Word"from Temhigh dietary intake of meat and butterfat. He was ple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting

wise before the times would allow and was silenced System |une 15, 1969. Copyright 1969.

August 1969 61

An imnOrtant rPDOrt fl bout they utilized figures for saturated fat available rather than estimating the amount ingested (which may vary, widely, depending on cooking habits). Correction for

me6t--anu Wnat IT Can (JO these two factors showed that death rates from coronary occlusion were more closely related to increased saturatedto diet in the than intake protein of animaltr\ thp humn hCrirt portion to the refers lean content. protein ( Animal fat

of animal meat products.

There are now large numbers of investigations completed and published that attest to this revised conby disbelieving colleagues who could not accept his elusion. It is essential to consider too much meat as

finding that the "best foods"in the diet were respon- a whole, not just the fat portion, as the most important sible for such a devastating disease process. This cause of coronary atherosclerosis in the U.S. Other

original and correct thought was subdued by the forces factors do enter into the picture, such as diabetes, of ignorance, and for three decades little work was high blood pressure, heredity, and smoking, but diet done along this line until the pressing urgency of the is by far the most important one. There is now wideburgeoning number of cases in the USA demanded spread medical agreement that proper dietary control

attention. would very significantly and rapidly reduce this serious

An American medical missionary working in China in problem, the 1930's and 40's was struck by the lack of this disease In the journal Nutritional Reviews ( Vol. 18, Novemthere as compared to the United States and again ber 1960 ) is a study of coronary heart disease in African

sought the answer. His conclusion was that dietary Bantu natives compared to Englishmen living in the

differences played the primary role, with too much same area. The English males have 26 times as much

saturated fat in the American diet possibly being the coronary disease as the Bantus, and their diet is inmajor cause. (Saturated fats are usually solid at room criminated as the cause. The English ingest large

temperature and originate primarily in animals and amounts of meat of animal origin and the Bantus eat fowls. The lean meat is surrounded and penetrated by very little meat, subsisting on grain, vegetables, and

this fat, and complete separation, of lean and fat in fruit for the most part.

the kitchen is literally impossible. From Finland comes further data in the Acta Medica

The World Health Organization (WHO) then conScandinavica (Vol. 139 [1961], page 364). In World

ducted a multicountry survey of this problem spanning War II, the population of Finland was on strict food 10 years of time. The survey included such countries rationing. During this time, the previously significant

as Italy and Japan, where the incidence of this disease incidence of coronary heart disease dropped almost is twentyfold less than in the United States. (When to zero. When the rationing stopped and meat and

inhabitants of these two countries, and others, migrate butterfat again became plentiful, the incidence of to the U.S. and adopt their new country's eating coronary occlusions increased 584 percent in six years,

habits, their heart attack rate rises within ten years.) A most revealing (and alarming) study emerged

The conclusion derived from this study was that there from the Korean War. Special studies of the coronary

is a "probable"relationship between a high saturated arteries to determine the degree of atherosclerosis fat intake and a high incidence of coronary atheropresent were carried out in 500 American males and sclerosis. (Journal of Chronic Diseases, Vol. 4, October 500 males killed in action. The average age of both

1956, p. 364.) The results of this study were widely groups was 22. Virtually none of the Koreans had

accepted and the "probable"relationship became coronary artery abnormalities, whereas 90 percent of "definite"in the minds of many. the American males had atherosclerosis of their

An enlightening sequel to the WHO study appeared coronary arteries. In half of these Americans the

two years later and demonstrates the difficulty of atherosclerosis was severe enough to be considered correctly interpreting masses of data. Two statisticians medically significant. (Journal of the American Medical

from the Rockefeller Research Institute could not Association, Vol. 152 [1953], p. 1090.) Personal cornaccept the conclusions published by WHO, and they munication in 1966 with a Korean health authority

received permission to reanalyze their data. The redisclosed that only one case of coronary occlusion had

suits of this reevaluation were published in the New been encountered in 15 years at the largest medical

York State Medical Journal, Volume 59 ( 1958 ), page center in Seoul, Korea. Contrast this to the very large

2343. Whereas WHO studied 27 countries, they innumbers of patients with this disease constantly present

eluded only six in their final analysis. Furthermore, in every general hospital in the United States. Again,

62 Improvement Era

the obvious reason for this wide difference is the origin may become an important source, and indeed,

Korean diet of vegetables, fruits, and seafoods, whereas a necessary protein source, if available. For affluent

meat and butterfat are scarce in Korea. (Butterfat has contemporary cultures, however, the prudent diet with

been mentioned several times, and there is now suffiprotein sources of fish, seafoods, whole grains (especient evidence to conclude that this animal origin food cially wheat), and nonfat milk solids is adequate in product is one of the dietary factors producing coronary protein content, less costly, and does not carry with atherosclerosis. it the spectre of early and severe atherosclerosis.

A study dealing with the effect of deliberate dietary Although we cannot know with certainty all the alterations in humans needs to be mentioned. At the anreasons that our Father in heaven has given us clearnual meeting of the American College of Physicians in cut and specific instructions to eat little or no meat of

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, in 1962, a panel of promianimal or fowl origin, one fact is certain: Daily connent heart specialists presented the results of the sumption of animaland fowlorigin meat and fat may

following study: be an important cause of coronary heart disease.

Several hundred patients already diagnosed as hav- "Yea, flesh also of beasts and of the fowls of the air, I, ing sufficient atherosclerosis to produce signs of the Lord, have ordained for the use of man with symptoms of disease were divided into two equal thanksgiving; nevertheless they are to be used spargroups. Those in one group continued their usual ingly;

American diet, and the other group was placed on a "And it is pleasing unto me that they should not be;

diet containing no animal origin meat and only small used, only in times of winter, or of cold, or famine.

amounts of fowl origin meat. Seafoods, grains, vege- "All grain is ordained for the use of man and of

tables, and fruit were the primary foods. Those two beasts, to be the staff of life, not only for man but for

groups were carefully observed for ten years. The the beasts of the field, and the fowls of the heaven,

group on the low meat diet showed a much lower rate and all wild animals that run or creep on the earth;

of progression of their atherosclerosis, a much reduced "And these hath God made for the use of man only death rate, and some participants even recovered in in times of famine and excess of hunger."(D&C 89:12part or completely from the symptoms of their disease. 15. Italics added.*

The other group showed the expected progressive The Word of Wisdom is a remarkable revelation downhill course of the average American with this brought forth in 1833 as a health guide. It has redisease who continues to eat average American diet. mained completely unchanged in 136 years, with

The panel concluded that if the epidemic of coronary medical research repeatedly attesting to its validity.

atherosclerosis in the USA is to be curtailed, the Contrast this to manproduced medical information of

American populace must begin at a young age to eat that same time period, of which the vast majority has the low meat type of diet that was tested for ten years. been replaced or necessarily changed as research has

A recent list of 489 articles on the disease atherorevealed fallacies therein. The items of medical literasclerosis, many showing the relationship of diet to ture from that time that remain intact today are of

the formation of atherosclerosis, is available to anyone value only as museum pieces.

interested in further pursuit of this subject. (LaboraHad Joseph Smith sought help in 1833 from the best

tory Investigation, Vol. 18, May 1968, pp. 62939.) medical authorities in the world, used their ideas in

This mass of research data shows a strong relationship the preparation of such a document, and then declared between a high incidence of atherosclerosis and dietary it to be of divine origin, he would have been branded changes incident to improved economic status, such a fraud prior to the turn of the century. The only conas the greater consumption of animal protein, saturated ceivable explanation for Section 89 of the Doctrine

fat, refined carbohydrates, and the decreased use oF and Covenants is that it came from a highly advanced cereal grains. (See pages 623 to 628 of this same and infallible source of intelligence beyond this earth.

journal, "Diet and Atherosclerosis.") Although this The contents of this section should be carefully studied,

relationship is now supported by almost incontrovertand personal eating and living habits should be formuible proof, the medical profession has been slow to lated on the basis of advice given therein, for this is accept findings that decimate a longstanding and of a certainty a divinely inspired guide to good health traditional medical dictum that a steady and large and long life, with transcendant rewards for compliance dietary intake of animal or fowl origin meat is essenthat should induce the most skeptical to put it to an tial to good health. honest test. O

In times or places where available foods are limited 'Verses 13 and 15 leave no room for rationalization regarding the in variety, quantity, or quality, such as in ricebased amount of meat that we in our warm houses, warm cars, and land of plenty should eat. (See also Sidney B. Sperry, Doctrine and Covenants

cultures or famine conditions, meat of animal or fowl Compendium [Bookcraft, I960] pp. 45556.)

August 1969 63 Crisply refreshing bubbly enough for a celebration!

Delightfully nonalcoholic!

1-PACK (4/5 qt.)

$3.50 ppd. 3-PACK (4/5 qts.)

$8.00 ppd. The Presiding Bishop

SAMPLE (6.4fl.ozs.): $1.00 ppd. Talks to Youth About:

SINCE 1868

GOLD MEDAL of Wisdom S. MARTINELLI & CO. The Word

DEPT. U BOX 549 By Bishop John H. Vandenberg

Watsonville, Calif. 95076

Anyone who has looked into the promise, adapted to the capacity

Grand Canyon in Arizona is awed of the weak and the weakest of all by the immensity of this great saints, who are or can be called gorge. It ranges in width from saints. Behold, verily, thus saith ARE YOU four to 18 miles, and its greatest the Lord unto you: In consequence

depth is more than a mile below of evils and designs which do and OVER 65? its rim. As one looks at it, the will exist in the hearts of conspiring

A Special Service For haveobservationtaken acomesvery powerfulthat it wouldforce you,men inandtheforewarnlast days, you,I haveby warnedgiving

Our Older Friends orsucha greata gapingconvulsioncut in tothelayearth'sopen revelation."unto you this(D&Cword89:1,of wisdom3-4.) by

Granite National Bank now provides surface. Among other things, the Lord

checking account convenience without Yet we are informed that this warned against the use of tobacco, cost of friends to our 65 years age great gorge was formed primarily strong drink, and hot drinks. While necand over. balance No minimum

siltthe size. ceaseless limit cutting essary of the to no by by Bank is to the Word adapted of Wisdom—

we'll both the mail, and postage pay laden River, Colorado which now the "capacity of the weak,"some Tell relatives friends ways. your and

about it. looks like a small ribbon laid along persons ask what harm can there

the canyon floor. be in a cigarette or a drink. Many

Similarly, small actions of violapersons have found the answer to tions and nonconformity to proven this question as they look back over CHECKING life that has eroded away through ACCOUNTS andtragicestablishedchannel in lawsour lives.can cut a alcoholism,a cancer, heart

WITHOUT CHARGE One hundred thirtysix years ago and, even more seriously, adisease,life of a revelation was given to guide our spiritual deprivation brought on by actions and thoughts in a manner nonconformity to the word of the that would allow character to be Lord.

built and eternal life to be achieved. Our concern for the youth of the

NATIONAL BANK This revelation is: "A Word of WisChurch is not only with their health,

2265 HIGHLAND DRIVE dom.... Given for a principle with but with their spiritual wellbeing

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 84106 PHONE 4862101

64 Improvement Era

lement a as well. The Word of Wisdom is

adapted to the capacity of "the weakest of all saints, who are or can be called saints."It is one place

a person can begin if he is to develop himself in the kingdom of

God. The keeping of the Word of

Wisdom is part of a footing on which a person builds character.

The consequences of breaking the

Word of Wisdom are serious because they can take a person out of the spiritual environment of our

Heavenly Father.

Someone has written:

"When health is lost; something is

lost; When character is lost, all is lost."The stress that is placed on IZsTCSTS-H.-rHmST

the Word of Wisdom by leaders in the Church is not because it is the greatest commandment, but because it is a beginning point in the building of spirituality. A young

man who bears the priesthood and a young woman in the Church should keep their lives above the snares established through the It's HERE..

"evils and designs which do and will exist in the hearts of conspiring men in the last days."

These forces of evil would have youth believe that there is nothing evil in taking a cigarette, a drink or tea, or of coffee liquor, andof proud a cup girlownerdriver HuskyLutPrettyadmire Jack his recordsetting to kin dollars of are spent billionsand salt. the run acrossafter

promulgate their designs. However, Buy performance. Husky/Frontier/Beeline

the word of the Lord is clear. Xo gasoline powered the Husky Special faster

argument, reason, or slogan can than any other car has ever gone with one ordinary gasoline engine - 245.411 M.P.H.change the command of God. He

has declared through his servant: Where?

hot, eerie, Salt Bonneville the moonlike On are that not ye ye "Know of Flats racewestern fastest on the Utah—the BONNEVILLE Spirit the that oftemple and God,

is earth, on performance the way where of dwelleth in you? God of Husky/Frontier/Beeline the game. name

gasoline "If the by Bonneville Naselected the temple of NATIONALS is any man defile

God, him shall God destroy; for tional Speed Trial officials because of its

the temple of God is holy, which proven performance.

temple ye are."(1 Cor. 3:1617.) Give Husky/Frontier/Beeline the supreme

Because of his love for us, the youperformancebe the judgetest.. Try.. NOW!it. Prove it to yourself,

Lord has warned against the eroding forces employed by the evil one to desecrate the temple of our spirit. The Word of Wisdom is a Try Husky / Frontier / Beeline!

principle on which the youth of the Church can build. O ALL CREDIT CARDS

August 1969 65 TheLDS Scene

Education Association

Secretary Named

Dr. Gary D. Watts,

a president of the 253rd quorum of seventy in the Potomac Stake in Virginia, has been named assistant executive Spain Dedicated for Preaching of the Gospel secretary of the U.S.

National Education The country of Spain has been and their families), attended the

Association. He will head

dedicated by Elder Marion G. Romney, ceremonies. Recent changes

the division of field services of the Council of the Twelve, for in Spanish law in the millionmember the preaching of the gospel. The dedicatory permit to individuals

educational organization.

ceremony took place May 20 in the the freedom to choose, practice, and preach early morning on a wooded hilltop to others their religious beliefs.

overlooking the skyline of Madrid. Some On October 22, 1968, the Church was

30 persons, representing about recognized with official church status 335 members of the Church in Spain in Spain. An American serviceman's branch

(many of them American servicemen was first established in Madrid in 1954.

PresidentElect of Communication Group

Dr. R. Wayne Pace,

chairman of speech communication at the University of Montana, has been named presidentelect of the International

Communication Association London Temple Visitors Center by the organization's

A visitors center adjacent to the 50seat theater for movie presentations 2,000 educators and

London Temple was recently and many exhibits and displays communication dedicated. The new center, dedicated by on gospel principles. More than practitioners. Dr. Pace is

Elder John Longden, Assistant to 1,400 persons attended the a member of the Missoula the Council of the Twelve, includes a ceremonies. (Montana) Ward.

66 Improvement Era Richard L. Evans

The Spoken Word Quarrelingand happiness at home

essential element in the joy of living Oneis harmony and happiness at home. And this

depends, after all, upon character and courtesy—and just plain common sense. Why, oh why

would people who live in this closest of all relationships of life let quarreling and misunderstanding wreck the peace and happiness of home? "One kind

Chilean Missionaries Honored of quarrel clears the air, like a good, sharp thunder-

A double quartet of missionaries in the Chilean Mission storm,"wrote Dorothy Walworth. "The other kind

recently sang in the suburbs of Santiago at the of quarrel... leaves ugly scars and bitterness, which

dedicatory ceremonies for a new elementary school complex eventually can wreck a marriage.... When Caesar

designed to handle over 3,000 students. Government... crossed the Rubicon, he could not turn back

and education leaders were in attendance. The same and have everything the way it was before.... If,

double quartet also appeared on "Sabado Sigantes,"in quarreling, you call names... and show a dia-

a popular national television program in Chile. bolical ability to use just the words that will hurt

most—[if] ruthlessly you rake up all the failings of

the past and recklessly destroy even your happiest memories... you cannot retrace your steps and

have your marriage exactly as it was before.... No

wife or husband should take too seriously what the other says at the end of an exhausting day...

[when] weary or tense [or unwell].... Be gentle.

In these days, we all have something better to do with our energy than spend it battling with those we love.... Don't try to win an argument just for

the sake of winning. Your husband or wife is not

your rival, not somebody over whom you must have a petty triumph.... A quarrel should always be

settled. It should not end... with two people

sulking for days.... Somebody should say, 'I'm

sorry.'Don't be too proud to say you're sorry....

Pride is too expensive.... Don't insist on always

being in the right.... A last word of warning. Keep Food Services BYU Man Heads

your quarrels private. Public outbreaks are in the

President Elected Engineer Group worst possible taste. There is only one remedy for

Eldon Hart of the Dr. Cliff S. Barton, them—shut up!"1 It comes down finally to a quesRexburg (Idaho) Eighth chairman of the department tion of character and courtesy and common sense.

Ward, business manager at of civil engineering at Don't be afraid to say you're sorry. And when someRicks College, has been Brigham Young University, one says it sincerely, accept it. Don't let pride or

elected president of the has been elected stubbornness or stupidity wreck the peace and

National Association of president of the National happiness of a home.

College and University Society for Experimental 'Dorothy Walworth, "Don't Be Afraid to Say You're Sorry,"Good Housekeeping,

Food Services. Stress Analysis, a April 1942.

He will serve a twoyear prominent engineering Temple Square, presented over KSL*"Tneand theSpokenColumbiaWord"Broadcastfrom term of office. organization. ing System |une 8, 1969. Copyright 1969.

August 1969 67 June Conference and the YWMIA Centennial From near and far came the ward and branch, stake, district, and

VISITING missionheadquartersMIA workersfor the toannualChurch

SALT LAKE? ThisMIA conferenceyear a specialthe treat—thelast week in June.

in store: STAY AT YWMIA centennial—was

a gala banquet, a lively ball with

REDECORATED stately promenade, gripping dramas,

AIR CONDITIONED winning roadshows, a stirring Florence S. Jacobsen. Honorary

quartet festival, gigantic dance Master M-Man and Golden Gleaner festival, premier of the film awards were presented to

Pioneers in Petticoats (on the beginnings Clifford I. Cummings, a space scientistNEWHOUSE of the YWMIA), informative of the Vienna (Virginia) Ward, and

Center of City workshops, sound counsel from Elizabeth T. Sardoni of the Salt

Overnight and Residential General Authorities, and timely Lake City East 27th Ward, a member

Free Parking instructions from YMMIA General of the first YWMIA general board.

Family Rooms Superintendent G. Carlos Smith, Jr., As usual, it was a conference

Daily from $8.00 and YWMIA General President to remember.

RESIDENTIAL PLAN'$190.—Private Room,

Bath and ALL Meals and Service

Mail for Details!

NEWHOUSE

4th South and Main Salt Lake City, Utah 84101 Name Superintendent Smith President Jacobsen Clifford Cummings Elizabeth T. Sardoni

Address

Print Name and Address

COMFORTERS REBUILT

Down, wool or, 1 Feather mattress. -arffl

Beautiful Satins and nonslip fabrics. Imported ticking. Also, we do

pillows and feather bed pads.

Send Coupon for information.

r. 1 Russell Quill & Pillow Co.

4032 Tweedy Blvd., South Gate, Cal. 90280

Check box for further information.-

Down or Wool comforters recovered f

Fashioned Old quilted and bound. Patch quilts—tops [

Please enclose name, address and lip

realized the necessity of being able to Perhaps many families missed the anBuffs removeover to thethisyouth.sectionGettingand giveit immediatelyit straight nouncement:usually in the Thecenter"Eraof theof magazineYouth"tois

after delivery is obviously far more atserve the very purposes you mention.

tractive to impatient youth than getting Readers may gently pull out the section and something stale by the time it gets into for their youth. In some issues—for examRebuffs their hands. Doheen M. Christophers sarypie, generalfor us toconferenceput the youthissues—sectionit is necesin the

Queensland, Australia hack of the magazine.

Student Unrest

From my observations and discussions with some of today's youth, I will agree with Dr. G. Homer Durham's observations

in the May Era ["Student Unrest,"pp.

10711] in that I have found an extremely idealistic youth. They see the "revolution"in America as "beautiful,"eliminating prejudice. poverty and They

of the depth on theaware of knowledge are The Spoken Word earth today, and have been led to believe Richard L. Evans

that drug use will expand the realms of the mind into great and deep thoughts.

Also, they are trying to find a meaning for everything believe life. They

professors tell them. accept existentheir Careers—Credentials—Competence They

tialism and its theory of no absolute truth. In reality, they want the millenare pressing decisions important and that many must makenium, not but they do know how to There this, or to Christ. findaccomplish how careers, school, credentials, a subject—concerning competence—

Mrs. Don Pooley always timely for those who are tired, and who, while tired, may Idaho Nampa,

make some shortsighted decisions. It may also be time to say someThanks thing to those who have dropped out along the way, before they

were as fully qualified as they could be or should be—those who have

I that this know all through so far as further training is concerned—and

like to express myis thanksunusual,forbutsuchI woulda fine decided they're magazine. The Era has been a very imwho may have decided this too soon. Increasingly it is apparent that

I life since partportant became of my a muscles are really not enough, and that an untrained mind, however of 11. of the at the age Churchmember

It was responsible for a great deal of my good, is not enough. It is a time when the demand diminishes for

religious upbringing. the time From I those less skillful, less competent, less technically trained. But it is

first started as if reading it, it seemed every issue was written especially for my also a time when the opportunities and openings are limitless for particular needs at the time. I will althe minds and hands of those who are. willing to learn and to discipline

for theways be grateful "Era of Youth."themselves. With knowledge, skill, character, mental and manual Jerold E. Gray

United States Air Force facility, there are limitless ways for a person to make a happier useFt. Wolters, Texas fulness for himself, a better life for loved ones, a greater service to

community and country. It is good to be willing to work, but better

Pull out "Era of Youth"to be prepared to work at something specific. And all who too soon

We have been subscribers of the Era have supposed they have learned enough, done enough, so far as since 1963, became when we first memcompetence is concerned, would well ask themselves what they would derive thebers of Church. much We

benefit from the articles and conference really like to be, what they would really like to be doing, five years reports. However, husband my and I from now, or ten, or maybe more. As long as we live, we'll be doing

feel that is largely Youth"the "Era of wasted in that it is attached to the main something with life. It may be something we like or something we

body of the magazine. Obviously, only dislike. It may be something that is needed, or something not very

one person can read the magazine at once and with all our other reading, remuch needed. And the rewards generally will be measured according

quired and otherwise, we find that it is to competence, and so will the satisfactions. Time goes no matter

fornecessary reading one of us to be is what we do with it, whether we use it to prepare and skillfully perform, issue the month's whileone other reading the other. If the "Era of Youth"or use it to putter and loaf along. Those who are looking ahead at

it "liftout,"a complete would,were I am life had just as well decide to be something they want to be, to make to appealing the youth,sure, be far more for it would be their very own publicathe effort, to stay with it, to qualify for it, and not rely on hazy hopes.

filetion, that could something perthey to Decide "make the most of yourself, for that is all there is to you."1 to time.sonally refer time and to from As J Emerson. Ralph Waldoit is, time the by and have dad mum

finished with the magazine, they cannot *"The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, be bothered to read it. For years we have presented over KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting System May 25, 1969. Copyright 1969.

August 1969 69 LestWe Forget

EvcningTimcWith the JosephSmith Family HELP! By Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

This is when your insurance man Research Editor has to go to work for you. To make

sure he will, make sure now he's Almost every Sunday School Joseph gave his family the charge an independent insurance agent. lad can tell the story of that his experiences were

His job is to serve you first when you need help most. We're indethe Angel Moroni's three visits to the not yet to be known beyond that

pendent agents. Call us any time. bedside of the Prophet Joseph family circle. He then

Smith, through the night of related further particulars of the

September 2122, 1823, and how work that he was appointed to do, your/ Independent ] insurance/agent/SERVES when young Joseph was and his family received that YOU1 FIRST working with his father the next information joyfully. (ST

morning he felt ill, and started Joseph continued to receive

HEBER J. GRANT & CO. to the house. While instructions from the Lord, and from

General Agents, Salt Lake City climbing a fence he fell, and the that time forth his father and

Angel instructed him to return mother continued to bring the and tell his father of the night before. children together each evening for

The Prophet's mother, the purpose of listening to

Lucy Mack Smith, in her History of him. Mother Smith relates: "I presume

Joseph Smith, adds some details. our family presented an

When the family was aspect as singular as any that together that ensuing evening, ever lived upon the face of the

Joseph made known to them earth—all seated in a circle,

all that he had told his father in the father, mother, sons and daughters, field, and of his visit to the and giving the most profound

Hill Cumorah, where the Angel attention to a boy, eighteen had shown him the Book of Mormon years of age, who had never read the record but had forbidden him Bible through in his life;

to take it yet. he seemed much less inclined to

Sensing that Joseph was the perusal of books than fatigued by the events of the day, any of the rest of our children, but

PROTECT his"Now,eldestbrother,brother,let Alvin,us go tosuggested:bed, farand moredeep givenstudy.to meditation

and rise early in the morning, "We were now confirmed in your copies of in order to finish our day's work at an the opinion that God was about to hour before sunset, then, bring to light something...

if mother will get our suppers early, that would give us a more perfect we will have a fine long evening, knowledge of the plan of TheFfaImprovement Wt mk and we will all sit down salvation and the redemption of the for the purpose of listening to you human family. This caused us

with an while you tell us the great greatly to rejoice, the sweetest

ERA BINDER things(Lucy Mackwhich Smith,God hasHistoryrevealed to you."house,union andand happinesstranquilitypervadedreigned our

of Joseph Smith [Salt Lake City: in our midst.

$2.50 Stephens & Wallis, Inc., 1945], p. 81.) "During our evening conversations,

The Improvement Era The next evening at sunset, Joseph would occasionally 79 South State Street Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

70 Improvement Era give us some of the most amusing spent his whole life among them."

recitals that could be (Ibid., pp. 8283.)

imagined. He would describe the Elder Eldred G. Smith, Patriarch to

ancient inhabitants of this the Church and thirdcontinent, their dress, mode of greatgrandson of the Prophet's traveling, and the animals upon which father, Joseph, said: "This

they rode; their cities, their sounds like the first family home

buildings, with every particular; evening of this dispensation,"

their mode of warfare; and also as he addressed the 137th semiannual

their religious worship. This general conference of the

he would do with as much ease, Church. (The Improvement Era,

seemingly, as if he had December 1967, p. 82.) O

Scores of styles, thermographed or DuraRichard L. Evans graved,and save fromall theWest'saccessories.leading manufacturBuy direct

er of mailorder wedding invitations. Rush

The Spoken Word orders shipped same day received!

Does anyone know of a better bet? Send for FREE catalog, samples (25c if airmail

desired). REXCRAFT, Rexburg, Idaho 83440

% %/ / e were not at all surprised that spring returned, that trees Name.

V A /budded, that flowers bloomed, that leaves came back—nor Address.

V Vare we surprised about the coming of summer. Nor were we at City, State, Zip all surprised that the sun came up this morning, or that the moon shows

itself in its times and seasons. We are no more surprised than a chemist is when he puts precise ingredients through a precise process and ARE YOU IN DANGER BECAUSE

arrives at predictable results. And we have almost ceased to be surprised that men can orbit the earth, the moon, and return with preOF THE GUNS YOU OWN?

cisely predetermined plan and performance. This beauty, this majesty, AT LAST! A gun trigger guard that really

this power and order—all this is evidence of a magnificent mind, a works, so simple to install, and only a second

plan, a purpose, a planner, a Creator, a God and Father in whose hands to remove. Will fit most rifles, shotguns

all of us are, and who has "given a law unto all things, by"which willand "BeeSafe"!pistols. Once properly installed, you

they move in their times and their seasons"1—as all Creation moves

its wondrous course. Now it is no further reach of reality that this Thousandsbeen killedof oradults,injuredand bychildrensupposedlytoo, haveunsame magnificent mind, this same administrator, has given us laws, loaded guns. These accidents can not hapcommandments, requirements for the fullest living of life. And just pen when a "BeeSafe"trigger lock is used

as surely as spring returns, as summer follows, as surely as the sun properly.

showed itself this morning—just so surely as the physical processes installHelp us thissave marvelousa life or serioussafety. injuryTell,your..

are predictable, just so surely will the spiritual and moral laws lead friends to get one. Let's stamp out needless

to results in our lives. Just so surely shall we realize the results of gun accidents, NOW!

the kind of lives we live. To turn a moment to the vernacular: I would

have bet my life that spring would come again, that summer Only itself this morning. that follow, have the sun shown wouldwould "I $2.75 Each life results keep, the lives of the laws bet on the wewould also my

we live—the physical laws, the spiritual laws, the moral lawsand on in Packedgift box

the results realized in peace and health and happiness, in our hearts and in our homes, in time and in eternity. I would bet my life on trying See youror Sportslocal gunShopdealer

to live and keep the laws, the counsels, the commandments God has given. Does anyone know of a better bet? Or Send Order to:

'D&C 88:42. #"The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, BEESLEY MANUFACTURING CO.

presented over KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting System June 1, 1969. Copyright 1969. Box 17075 Salt Lake City, Utah 84117

(Check or Money Order Only) Dealers Inquiries Welcome

August 1969 71 \fear's Food Supply $129.95 TheseTimes

(Plus Tax on Utah Sales) 11 Same Size Prepacked Cases itlO cans—Low Moisture Foods

4 Fruits, 6 Grains, 3 Protein Foods, 8 Vegetables plus Juices and Desserts.

Balanced Food Supply in convenientto-store cartons is scientifically prepared to fill the nutritional needs of one person for one full year or a family of 4-6 three months.

Pick up in Salt Lake or we will ship freight collect. Gross shipping wt.

365 Mil"PERMARAKlbs. V

East 2430 South, Salt Lake City, i40

Utah 84115 - Phone (801) 4869671

8 MISTAKES PARENTS

See how this amazing 32page book holds the key to your greatest success as a parent.

Points the way to remove causes of harmful habits in children of 3ll ages. If you want prompt, cheerful obedience while helping

your child advance in every way—send for Free Booklet now.

Parents Association. Dept. 1978, Pleasant Hill. Ohio. 4S3S9.

COXS DELICOUS W CreamedMoney one of the best in the U.S.

GIFT BOXES A SPECIALTY

famous for its flavor and quality (Write for lis,.., Free Brochure)

I honey | COX HONEY FARMS Shelley, Idaho 83274 By Dr. G. Homer Durham

HEARING AIDS President, Arizona State University at Tempe

In life one becomes accustomed The admonition comes, sound73 PRICES OFF Ears, the ly young, to enough. old and "Keep many admonitions.

tiny, of SELECTION LARGESTI ear, l-inthe-ear, a behind the listen. nod. assent. of them. Minds Heads is one commandments"

models. and eyeglass pocket

TRIAL. No FREE HOME obliThe Ten Commandments, disreWe remind ourselves again of the

guaranback gation. Money

payment. down tee. No Easy garded as they are, nevertheless Decalogue. We add to them, in our

or dealterms. salesmen No

ers. Order direct catalog. for free and save Write 65%. lie heavily on the conscience of mentai inventory, tithe paying,

10947, 77018. PRESTIGE, Dept. D-57, Tex. Houston, Box

mankind. NonBible readers in Word of Wisdom keeping, home

most cultures are warned in their teaching, templegoing, church atminds not to kill, covet, commit tendance, special assignments,

Protect your copies of adultery; to honor parents, and so missionary work, welfare. Some

The Improvement selfwith an Era binder—Era$2.50 forth. These are the old commandmay go as far as to include

Order from our office at ments. They are good ones to reimprovement, education, talent

Street State 79 South City, Salt Lake Utah 84111 member. They are essential to development, helping mother

maintain, to live by. Law and soaround the house. All are vital, esciety depend on their observance. sential, extremely important.

"Keep the commandments."But there are growing signs

72 Improvement Era that most of us tend to keep the commandments we do keep in very, very tidy compartments.

This also has great merit. One

learns to walk one step at a time.

The upward path to progress and Tk'iUiiie TV>iu?f ft

fulinvolves the truly perfection *yS3JK W1M.W.,L ml Lih*.-!* Lf1K T*w>- I- if duties. of fillment But many

performance of duties, commandAstro sSUtt I mentkeeping, becomes ritualistic; if we do something to get it

over with so we can get back to television, the newspaper, or fixtap, ing the leaky our steps may!!'&k f% fi (*C not higher. take us much

Those outstanding children of ----- the Judapeople of chosen God, O on/ Inlv ism, themselves found bound,.'%.'tonw

by ritualistic performances. The

Talmud was produced. Learned

scribes arose. Jesus Christ was

accused of Sabbathbreaking by performing healings on the sacred day. The Son of God was accused

of blasphemy by leading local elders.

As Jesus neared the end of a short life, he met with his chosen

Twelve for a last supper in an upper room. He washed their feet.

He dipped a sop, handed it to Judas Iscariot in response to an inquiry from Simon Peter, relayed to him through John the Beloved.

Judas departed.

Then the Master instructed the remaining eleven. He gave them,

at the Last Supper, a new commandment. It coincides with the

first and great commandment, love of God, and with the second, KEEP AMERICA BEAUTIFUL love of neighbor as one's self using the despised Samaritans as White cement results in concrete with unlimited possibiliwith ties in appearance, design and shape. White or colored,

the example, in answer to the rough textured, smooth, or with aggregate exposed, conIDEAL question "who is neighbour?"my crete is a uniform, made with IDEAL WHITE CEMENT WHITE in As recorded 13:3435, John economical, maintenancefree material. building Specify

Jesus said to the eleven: IDEAL WHITE and Keep America Beautiful. CEMENT

I give new "A commandment IDEAL CEMENT COMPANY

A Division of Ideal Basic Industries, Inc you, unto That anye love one other; as I have loved you, that ye

also love one another.

"By this shall all men know that Protect your copies of Let usFUNDsolve RAISINGthem for PROBLEMS?you. Sell our outin your

Unsold ye are my disciples, if ye have love withThean ImprovementEra binder—Era$2.50 standingFUND RAISING—BIGcandies to putPROFITS."FUN"

one to another."Order from our office at candy can be returned.

79 South State Street CRESTLINE CANDIES

Salt Lake City, 15369, Box Salt Lake City, Utah 84111 P.O.

4873201 - Phone Utah 84115

August 1969 73 The discourse continues, as reMore Carelree Now Because It's FrostFree... corded for us today, through nearly five chapters of The Gospel AcIf You Have to cording to St. John. The new

commandment was repeated and Scrape It...Scrap It. repeated again. The discourse was

Hand scraping and chipping away at refrigerator frost then concluded (John 16:33) with

pins. is becoming as old fashioned as hat With a new the words: "These things I have electric freezerrefrigerator frost, there's no so there's

carefree freezer It's the no defrost. that freezes everything but itself. old If your one leaves see spoken unto you, that in me ye you cold,

the new frostfree models at your electric dealer now. might have peace. In the world ye

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. shall have tribulation: but be of

good cheer; I have overcome the

world."Then the Savior concluded the instruction with the great prayer recorded in John, Chapter 17.

That prayer concludes, as recorded, with the prayer to the Father that the new commandment may be realized:

"0 righteous Father, the world hath not known thee: but I have

known thee, and these have known that thou hast sent me.

"And I have declared unto them thy name, and will declare it: that

the love wherewith thou hast loved me may be in them, and I in them"(John 17:2526. Italics

added.) Why is it so difficult to remember the new commandment?

"Keep the commandments."

Why is recall to mind of the new commandment often, perhaps too often, infrequent?

What is right in these times may well rest on such recollection.

What is wrong in these times cold war, hot war, murder, strife, poverty, unrest, distress—may

well remain wrong until the new commandment strikes the minds of individual men and women with IN USE 75 FOR OVER YEARS O force. greater OMEGA Aids of in treatment simple sore

throat and other minor mouth and Much in the world is old. The

is new. ever commandment throat irritations. new rc/?s/v\\AJiA

it is it, indeed, that So new may JEWELRY COMPANY of for a lifetime proud possession have hardly been discovered by 42 West South 2nd Salt Lake City, Utah 84101 3221039 (80i: HALL'S REMEDY some. Where it is known, the test

INTERMOUNTAIN'S LARGEST DIAMOND DEALER Salt Lake City, Utah of discipleship provides the greatest satisfactions of life and gives

The U. S. Post Office

Era help. need your USE YOUR and The Improvement meaning to all other commandgiving zip us By your

code number, you wiil ZIP CODE be assured despeedyPLEASE ments. O

livery of your Era.

74 Improvement Era A New Look at the Pearl of Great Price

Part 8 (Continued)

It V'i i,4 ": Ppfe

1 'V p..m

si -, I -- '>'|X

Facsimile No.l,by the Figures

By Dr. Hugh Nibley

A Hawk With a Message ing of the text whatever. going on in a text, it is not too difficult

If we really want to know what FacIt was in 1949 that Professor De to piece together the scattered fragments simile No. 1 is depicting, the hawk in Buck, in the process of editing the Cofof it even when they are very small and

the picture is our best clue yet. For fin Texts, called attention to his disfew—Professor J. H. Wilson demonrecently the hawk has turned out to covery that what he called "the earliest strated this in his skillful reconstruction

of of the of the version the fragments of the Book Dead Book was of Dead 78"little a significant ofbe the hero drama if collection. in earlier a the 7 But to be found one Smith Coffin Joseph tiesthat things together. many From

on, of 312. Spell is going Text, even is not aware everyone:i muchAs what knows, as the readerhere well on might know

that this writer intends to show that the Book of the Dead is a relatively late a complete text only befuddles and the Book of the Dead fragments, the production in Egypt, and the Joseph confuses—and this is clearly illustrated

Breathing Papyrus, and the three facSmith Papyrus belongs to a late period. in the case of Dr. Budge, who had in

similes, that is, all the available EgypBut Professor De Buck's find showed his possession fully 90 percent of the tian materials that were once in the that what we have in these documents story as it is told in Coffin Text 312, possession of Joseph Smith, contain is not a late composition but only a late and yet was totally unaware of the the elements of a single story, which copy. The Coffin Text version of Chapplot and story, characters, dialogue,

setting, significance of the drama. and to the be traced can as ter clear back 78 story the to behappens of Abraham

it lay suspect that what even XII the and and of even IX Dynasties,told in the and the Book He didn't Abraham early Jewish legends. Such a statement is remarkably close to the much later before him in Book of the Dead Chapsounds wild enough at this point, but Book of the Dead copy. Politely and ter 78 were the remains of a welllet us follow the bird as he leads us cautiously, Professor De Buck pointed constructed drama; for him such a thing

into a twilight zone of myth and ritual. out that in view of the new understandsimply did not exist, but instead he saw

One of the longest and most iming of Chapter 78 of the Book of the only a disconnected jumble of primiportant chapters of the Book of the Dead as provided by the older Coffin tive charms reflecting an infantile and

Dead is No. 78, an "interesting and Text version, "it is difficult to suppress halfsavage mentality. Lacking the key

elusive spell,"as Professor De Buck the feeling of skepticism as to the inthat was later discovered, Professor called it, having the title "Spell for telligibility of the Book of the Dead Budge, a giant of scholarship if there assuming the form of a divine falcon."'version, not so much of its separate ever was one, goes on solemnly and

E.A.W. Budge appended to his own edisentences, which as a rule arc not diffidiligently adding sentence to sentence

tion and translation of the Ani manucult to translate, but above all things and note to note as he builds up his nonsense, edifice of laborious of the plot and story of the spell as a imposingscript text "the of the LXXVIIIth Chap-

1 been world has that the whole."'nonsense in ter given Naville... reproduced by

full,"because that document was in his Budge had had no trouble translating taught to think of as quintessentially opinion "so very important for the right the separate sentences, but the sentences Egyptian.

understanding of this very interesting put together made no sense, or rather There is a fable for critics in this,

Chapter. 1"- Dr. Budge's confidence in made the kind of sense habitually atbut also a lesson for those who would

his right understanding of the docutributed to the Egyptians. Contrary to criticize the critics. For Budge was, in

ment was, to say the least, premature what one might suppose, to possess a fact, following his Egyptian scribes if we take the later studies of the same real clue to what De Buck calls "the where they led him, and they had long chapter by De Buck (1949), Drioton plot and story of the spell as a whole"since lost the trail—they too were quite

(1953), and Brunner (1961) as a is far more important than having a unaware of the nature of the document standard, for unless that trio are hopewell-preserved text. Every student they were perpetuating. s Even Profeslessly at sea, Budge had no understandknows that if he is aware of what is sor De Buck, when he went back to

August 1969 75 what he called "the original version of the messenger calls himself. joking about his helplessness and shamthe Book of the ticsd 78,"was quite The play Opens with "Osiris, stunned ing him into action (72g73b). This

aware that though the more ancient by the blows of Seth, hiding out'in reminds one very much of the "peptexts were "more correct"than any Busiris."And so the scene is set in talk"the two ladies give to Osiris as

Book of the Dead version, they were Busiris, the place of Osiris's sacrificial they help him revive on the lioncouch, still far from being the true original of death and the center of human sacrifice and Drioton and Brunner both detect the story. Granted "that the contents in Egypt from the earliest to the latest a distinct note of challenge and banter

of the spells were already enigmatic times. There we find the god laid out in the speech. But then comes the

and obscure to the writers and readers for burial in his underground crypt surprise. Having done the best he can

of the Book of the Dead,"9 the errors ("enseveli sous terre"), lying helpless, to boost his father's morale, Horus anthat led them astray and the attempts dazed, beaten, exhausted, but not quite nounces that he is going back to heaven to correct those errors (attempts that dead, for as the play opens he is prayto "beg and request of the Lord of only made things worse) were already ing desperately for deliverance: "O All"(73d) that he be endowed with

of great age: "Already in the manuHorus, come I beseech thee to Busiris the necessary authority to carry out the

scripts of the Coffin Texts this process and rescue me!"17 He begs the god to mission his father desires of him.

is in full swing."10 behold him in his dire distress and to All our editors are surprised and

Professor Drioton, following up and restore his power and dominion, "that puzzled by this: Horus comes as a

reviewing De Buck's work, saw in Cofthe gates of hell might not prevail hawk in answer to his father's prayer fin Text 312 instead of an original against me..."(69f). This last is as and apparently refuses to help him!

composition the work of a compiler, good a rendering as any of what is transBrunner, who gave the closest thought whose object was to supply a bundle lated, "that the gates may beware of to the problem, concluded that Horus of magicalsounding writings (regardme"(De Buck), "defend me from the could not help his father until he had less of sense or meaning) for the funergates of Dat [the Underworld]"(Brunobtained a certain crown, representing ary market, and who to do so busily ner), or "that the gates be vigilant in plenary power in heaven and on earth, rummaged among heaps of old religious my behalf"(Drioton); all having the which he could only get by going

books, the accumulated debris of the common idea that the gates of the to heaven and petitioning "the Lord ages, arid came up at random with this underworld shall operate for and not of All"; this, Brunner avers, is the crux

particular dramatic text. 11 In butcheragainst the hero. He then prays that of the whole drama. 19 Actually, Horus

ing the text to suit his purpose, the his relentless enemy be not allowed to does not refuse his father's request, writer of Coffin Text 312, with charpursue him further or discover how since in the end he faithfully carries acteristic sloppiness, spared "by inhelpless he really is in his hiding place it out, but first he explains that he advertence a few designations of persons (69g70a-b). In one of the Coffin Text must "go hence to the limits of the

and scenic indications,"which are inscriptions (TIC) the ideogram for heavens to speak a word with Geb enough to supply modern scholars with the helplessness of the god shows him [the second of the godhead] and to rethe key to the story, but were of course on the lioncouch; that this is more quest and beseech the Lord of All to

overlooked by the later copyists of the than a meaningless convention is indigrant me hwi"(73c-e), where hwi

Book of the Dead. 12 Professor Brunner cated in T. G. Allen's edition of the means, according to Brunner, "Bethat notes in the latest study of the "the authority to give 85 Chapter Dead, where literBook fehlsgewalt"—the

text a suffered figure ofary orders. 20 character of the has vignette of a is headed by a

frightfully in being taken over into the lioncouch under the frabird "with an In Brunner's analysis the real drama corpus of funerary literature,"whether unerased falcon head"(!) and is enis enacted between Horus and Osiris,

of the Coffin Texts or the Book of the titled "Spell for assuming the form of the true leading characters, who appear

Dead, ffsj dramatic form having been a Soul and not entering the place of only twice, first at the beginning, when effectively obscured. 13 "Actually,"he execution.""Dying is my abominatheir dramatic dialogue provides a

observes, "our Coffin Text was origition,;'says the figure on the lionclear exposition of the play, and again

all,"at text the executionnally "I being couch; not into returns enter at the end, to the no funerary when Horus

'1 as such. place of repeats"clumsily"the adapted the Nether World."18 Here scene and word for word

But now to our story. The leadingthe lioncouch vignette matches the prayer with which Osiris opened the

character is the messengerbird, who is lioncouch scenes of the temples of drama—the prayer that he is now at

dressed as a hawk in imitation of Horns. Opet, Sethi I, Philae, etc., as well as the last qualified to fulfill. "The text beProfessor Drioton prefaces his discussituation in the play: it is not an emgins,"he writes, "with the plaintive

sion of the play with a very informative balming but an attempted execution supplication of Osiris that Horus come lecture on what the Egyptians did and that concerns us. to his aid.... It ends with a coronadid not mean by a "transformation,"To the prayer of the one on the tion hymn to Horus as heir to the

the upshot of which is that the Egypcouch, a chorus of gods (or in manuthrone."21 Such is the gist of the story:

tian never at any time conceived of the script D1C of common people) adds a Osiris in his crypt cries out for detransformations into animal, bird, or fervid "Amen!"(70c, ir myy, "let it be liverance, and a heavenly messenger,

other forms as being literal, "for nothdone accordingly"), and then a sort of describing himself as a hawk, appears, tricries, farther ever the "Be silent, appears and hero is rescued Choregos whereuponing was from their menand 1 "1tality [or ideas gods] enthroned. wellof metempsychosis."while a god than It is our umphantly O ye people

So in what follows we are to show the speaks to a god!"(70e71a). The known Sedfestival and lioncouch

Egyptians the courtesy of never imagindialogue that follows is as astonishingly theme.

ing our messengerbird as a real hawk. like a piece of Greek drama as what But in between the prayer and its

Drioton would entitle the play "The has gone before, for Horus appears fulfillment there is a hitch, a real of are stuff of as plays dressed such of a beginsMisadventures Messenger an problem with and as a hawk 1 r'it It is of. to raise his thing that aside expressing the suf- a comedy. hope no smallHorus,"which makes made

Dr. De Buck designated the leading fering Osiris will heed the Truth. He the dead, and the question of Horus's

character as "the Messenger or mediaadvises Osiris to consider his condition power to do so as a junior member of tor,"while Brunner prefers to call him most carefully and specially to make the firm gives an opportunity for an "Der Lichtgeist"or Spirit af Light, as an effort to free himself (71c72f), even interesting development of the theme.

76 Improvement Era covering of party, (Drioton), Messenger "theIt is a third up his embarrassinsisting calls that he is Here are the with bluster, ment as Drioton him,Horus,"who takes over and provides the real entertainthe authentic representative of Horus entrusted knowlwith the spoken twothirds of fully and is awesome andment to the Egyptians, telling us of privy is edge, beenlines having character play.-- of the This made

also dressed as a hawk and wants very great secrets imparted by Osiris to his badly to be taken for Horus. Who is son "through the partition."25 His

he? Bearing in mind that in all known foolish indiscretion is at once chal- "Lucifer, the Son

versions of the play and in all the lenged by Rwty: "'Repeat to me then

translations there is a great shuffling what Horus said as his father's word and conflicting of personal pronouns, through the partition... and'1 I will of the Morning

with no two copyists or translators give you the nemescrown, so said agreeing as to exactly who is speaking Rwty"(78d-f). His bluff is called

or doing what or to whom most of the again; the Messenger is speechless,

time, I believe that the second hawk saved from his painful or comical prestating that he is under orders to see can still be identified clearly by his dicament only when the real "Horus Osiris in Busiris and is under no cirwords and actions. appears, he who is behind the injured cumstances to be detained, since he

As soon as the true Horus has left eye"(79c-d), which Brunner intercomes on assignment from "the Great the crypt of the helpless Osiris to prets as "hinter seiner geraubten HerrPalace"itself (821-p), and is to be charge himself with new power in the schaft,"indicating that someone, plaindenied no aid and assistance whercourts on high, another hawk appears. ly the other hawk, has stolen his ever he comes on pain of severe disHe is called "the Messenger of Horus,"authority. By command of a voice pleasure in heavenly places (83a-d).

"the Mediator,""the Spirit of Light,"from above, the true Horus is passed The false messenger, in the manner by our translators, but never is he by the doorkeeper and goes on his way of the clever slave in the New Comedy, designated, as he would like to be, as singing a lyric ode right out of Aristogleefully arrogates all this authority just plain Horus. He begins by anphane's Birds on the exhilaration of to himself—after all, isn't he the very

nouncing that he is "one who dwells travel through space—another indicaimage of Horus?—and, more obnoxious

in radiance"(74g), boasts that he has tion that he is the true Horushawk. than ever, begins to lord it over everypriority in age and honor over the real It is odd that the scholars studying body in sight. That at least is one

Horus (76b-c), vaunts his great magithe text did not recognize the wildway of interpreting the speech that cal powers (76d-e), claims to be no less blueyonder motif: the joyful, unfollows, beginning "Down on your

faces!"one, the and appointed"void ending with through motion and the "elect trammeled than a resounding

has (83i-l). in spoken!"to beings the heights "Horus as a "the (80a), mounting 2 '5 In the first among who dwell

the Radiance"(76f), enjoying the highhawk (80b), endowed by Rwty with following speech he describes himself est glory in the preexistence among wings (80d), sitting on a dizzy perch as a follower of Horus, the Lord of All those begotten in the spiritual creation amidst the four mighty winds (80e), (841), a companion of Horus rather (76f-g), having received even at that undismayed by fear of falling in empty than Horus himself. Of course it is the

time the full authority of Horus (76ispace (80f), confident in one's power real Horus who finally penetrates into 77a). "He is really too much of a and beauty (80g), never losing one's the crypt, passing the guardians of the

braggart, this messenger of Horus,"way through the trackless skies (81a), underworld castle of Osiris (84m85f) carrying and "that Drioton; writes instructions out all Professor is no sustained the very (85h). by buoyed and

still terrify in the play."- rival, however, The mortals (81b), that comic element seems to be at;i winds undoubt the

The Messenger swaggers up to the deterred and undaunted by the raging it, claiming that he too has the power gate and demands access to Osiris, but tempest (81c). It has all the makings to go below: "Horus has invested me

is firmly checked and put in his place of a lovely Euripidean ode. with his ha, I have his authority!"

by Rwty, the doorkeeper. Rwty is the When the true Horus has departed, (85i-j), and demanding that the mysdouble-headed lion who guards the the rascal restores his selfconfidence teries and secret places of the lower

entrance (one head) and the exit (the by remarking, probably to himself, worlds be opened to him, since he has other) to the other world—we have that of course he could not tell the a message from Horus to his father

already noted the Egyptian conceit secret words, because if he did "the (851-p). The keepers of the underthat holy and inapproachable places pillars of heaven would pursue me, world announce the arrival of a visiare guarded by lions. Rwty points out after punishing my presumption"tor to Osiris (86c-g), whose reply is

to the Messenger that though he may (82a). And so, as impudent as ever, not preserved. From here we go dilook exactly like Horus, he can't get by he resumes his boasting: "I am the rectly to the final acclamation and

because he lacks the nemescrown, "the hawk who dwells in glory (82b), encoronation scene, as the proper windinsignia of gods and men."(Drioton.) joying my own authority and my own up to any ancient comedy or mumThe nemescrown, which Drioton charprincely crown!"(82c). "But,"as Proming.

acterizes as a "cacheperruque"and fessor Drioton puts it, "this gets him Who is the comic character who

T. G. Allen calls a turban, seems to nowhere"; he is checked again, this tries to crash the gates of Rwty, Aker,

have been a sort of white cloth cap.'21 time by Akr, another gatekeeping Isis, and Osiris in that order?- 7 His

Brunner, as we have seen, considers it lion (82e), but again the real Horus "clumsy personal behavior,"the "burthe main property of the play, since it shows up and again is cleared by the lesque intermezzi"in which he struts represents the authority without which imperious voice of "the Supreme Lord""m pathetischekarrihierender Weise,"the mission of the Horusmessenger speaking from heaven and demanding makes good theater, according to Bruncannot be carried out—lacking this clearance for his ambassador: "Let no ner, and his presence introduces the

badge of authority the true Horus is one oppose this spirit [my?] alterego, dramatic elements of intrigue, dilemma,

helpless and the false one is a fraud. representative, member of the staff, and pungency into the play, according

Instead of producing the cap, howthe topranking Horus!"(82f). The to Drioton. But he is a clown and an

ever, or going to fetch it as the first voice continues to vouch for the true incompetent; by what right does he

Horus did, "the messenger backs down"Horus in no uncertain terms (82g-k), usurp the honors of Horus in a reAugust 1969 77

At right, the Joseph Smith papyri contain this representation of the four canopic figures standing upon a symbolic lotus, signifying all the regions of the earth over which Pharaoh holds sway. In the Explanation to Facsimile No. 1, we are

told that the canopic figures represent regional deities; in Facsimile No. 2 (Fig. 6)

we also learn that the quartet "represents this earth in its four quarters."

ligious drama? His epithets at first doubt, he describes himself as one of a thority? The men who copied down

sight suggest his identity: Who is the serpent host who was on hand "before our texts, being as far removed from

Spirit of Light but Lucifer, the Son Isis came into being..."(76c). the original version as we are, had to

of the Morning, boasting of his preStrange that he should mention himself explain the close resemblance between existent glory, first in the councils of as a serpent stealing the march on Isis, the two hawks as best they could, and heaven, claiming priority of age and the Egyptian Eve. He covets the honors the readiest explanation was, of course,

honor over Horus himself, boasting of of the son: "To be sure, you have the that hawk No. 2 had been duly authohis knowledge and power, his kingdom form of Horus,"says Rwty to him (De rized to double for hawk No. 1: indeed,

and great glory, who would fain claim Buck's translation), "but you do not how could the other hawk get away the crown but does not have it; who possess the nemescrown"(77d-e); he with his masquerade save by express

claims to know the answers but cannot never gets it. permission of the real Horus? Actually,

deliver when they are required of him But how can the Messenger of Light that is by no means the only possible at a certain time and place? Who but be an impostor if, as we are expressly explanation or even the best, since the

the Adversary, the Deceiver, "Satan... told (73f74f), he was commissioned messenger's masquerade was after all

transformed into an angel of light"? by the real Horus to take his place, not successful, but constantly got him

(2 Cor. 11:14.) As if to leave us in no assume his form, and exercise his auinto awkward and comical predica78 Improvement Era

:.W. *

Aa *-

i w m 0! m m *> m m mm * m m m ""* ItI A **f i A

Facsimile No. 1, Figures 5 through 8: "The idolatrous gods"of "Elkenah, Mahmackrah, Korash.

Above, Pharaoh worshiping the four canopic figures as deities—"idolaFt"trous gods."This plainly shows that

at*. the four figures are more than mere

funerary furniture, as Joseph Smith's critics have maintained.

An old Assyrian version of the lioncouch scene, at left, shows that the theme is to be found in the Chaldaean as well as the Egyptian spheres of influence. #i... *|

ments. It was plainly his idea, not that by the appearance of an angel, usually death. In the Book of Abraham we

of the real Horus, to pass himself off Gabriel, sometimes Michael, who asks meet with the same peculiar and thereas the true son and heir: the clever, whether he should save him from his fore significant complication: "And as

vicious imposture is a basic part of the fate. Invariably the Patriarch replies they lifted up their hands upon me,

ritual drama, in which Seth rivals by declining the offer of assistance with that they might offer me up and take

Horus at every point. In this version the explanation that he expects God away my life, behold, I lifted up my

of the story he struts and clowns as a and God alone to save him. In some voice unto the Lord my God, and the

Lord of Misrule while the king lies in cases (to be treated below) he even Lord hearkened and heard... and the

the tomb, but he constantly stubs his tells the angel that he refuses to deal angel of his presence stood by me, and toe, to the delight of the crowd, and is with one having inadequate authority. immediately unloosed my bands; And

put in his place when the real heir This, of course, is the final test for his voice was unto me: Abraham, Abraappears and takes the throne. Abraham, who at this point has demonham, behold, my name is Jehovah, and

All this is pertinent to the lionstrated that he trusts God all the way, / have heard thee, and have come down couch story. In all the Jewish legends and so at this moment he hears the to deliver thee...."(Abr. 1:1516.

telling of the rescue of Abraham, the voice of God speaking to him and at the Italics added.) Just what, is the angel's

hero's prayer from the altar is answered same time is delivered from a sacrificial role in this? Whenever the real hawk

August 1969 79 Joseph Smith partor actof awastrilogythe infamouswhich theProloguefirst playin him,bald he(fkty).**is a hostileNo matterfigure.how you view

Heaven, the second the conflict with Q: Why do you say that?

Papyrus No. 1 Sethend, fromfrom whichits beginningthe heroto emergesits direfulin passageA: I amfrom thinkingDiodorusof (I,that91) strikingwhich

his parlous plight at the beginning of tells how the embalming priest who the third act. The two earlier epimade the first incision in the body

is a sacrificial scene, sodes are clearly alluded to in the with a prehistoric flint sword was text, in the vivid little flashbacks to cursed, stoned, and driven out as a the Messenger's role in the preexistence murderer. Whether the priest in the

says the author and in the passing reference to Seth picture is an undertaker or not, he is as the enemy (the only time he is menstill wielding the sacrificial knife. In

tioned) in 85k. The first two acts or Egypt all sacrifices were ritual murder.

plays are well represented in Egyptian Q: Even of grains or vegetables?

literature, e.g. in the Shabako text and A: Even over grains and vegetables

appears in the version of Coffin Text the stories of Horus versus Seth, but the priest would wave the king's an312, the voice of Atum is heard from the third one has been hidden behind cient battlemace as a reminder that

Osiris veil mysteries. of sacrificed the being was the A whatever was the heavens and the hird passes on the

of great victim. 39 deal remains to be done Pharaoh's and work enemy speaking. without

But that is not the only complicahere. But now it is time to consider Q: Where is the knife in the Joseph

tion. The legends all agree in telling the next figure of the Joseph Smith Smith Papyrus?

of A: That part has the document before the of the Papyrus.* last moment how at

there destroyed, but Facsimile No. 1, Fig. 3. "The idolabeen is ample reasacrifice, just before the angel appeared

it for priest to son attempting believing that was there of Elkenah, to party another Abraham, stood by the trous 10 facsimile the as a sacrifice."engraved. was The when offer up Abraham altar, Satan, magnificently no less,

attired in black silk, and offered to first thing to notice is that "the priest If every embalming was a sacrifice, deliver the Patriarch and bestow great of Elkenah was also the priest of every sacrifice was also an execution, this as seen. "at priest since just (Abr. 1:7), Pharaoh"The we have who he him if and dominion power upon

sacrifices peculiar [a the "I says king: oryx to the the custom it was time authority recognize his and would only

do obeissance to Nimrod, his protege. custom, apparently, and one of limited make thine arm victorious over the

rebels, priest the of thine I place of duration] the Pharaoh, under thy enemy discourse, of was, denounced and He 11 the to offer knife."of mysteries Osiris Egypt, king In the of up upon without missed argument, by Abraham

in of the built as land altar violence the emphasis the is on which was of echo could but not have here an we

..."is priest figure (Abr. 1:8). the was on surrounded couch Chaldea by A true angels, delivering the one two and one false? The plain designation taking the place of Pharaoh in this demons with drawn knives—a peaceof the false Messenger in Coffin Text operation. ful embalming operation is not the

Question: Because Pharaoh was away idea.'- Spirit of his as Light"312 and "The

in Egypt? Q: I can see that a knife might be tests failure to pass of the the any of

priest for Rather, necessarily. to thing the the most likely Answer: Not true Messenger from God provide an

priest doesn't the be holding, but other custom for a because hold it was he parallel. close impressively

The drama of Coffin Text 312 closes to do so. The office was properly the things instead in the other Anubis

with the usual acclamation and coronaking's but of course he needed asscenes?

tion; "O Osiris, thou are exalted upon sistance. A recent study explains that A: Anubis standing by the bier

thy throne; thy heart liveth! Thy mem- "pharaoh also acted as High Priest. usually holds a jar of ointment or a

bers are rejuvenated, thy heart reBeing a son of a god he could mediate bandage in his upraised hand, but I joiceth! (86h-j). Thou hast overcome between heaven and earth. Theoretithink this figure was different.

offering each different? was done by the Q: How thee the cally hath placed on Seth;, Geb "34.. pharaoh. all the scenes I have ever seen A: In there (85k-l). of succession Let throne

be a roll call of all the followers of the Q: The priest was only his helper? in which the Anubis priest holds those

god and all their offerings (85m-n), A: Yes. As Drioton and Vandier put objects in his left hand, his right hand

while the Great President sits at the it, "only the king could offer sacrifices. is equally conspicuous, stretched out

.. for carried clergy the Actually on the over other the than lower arm of Gods, havthe Council of the head

... for substitute only but ritual in a stock him. down, body, palm all this authority ing over turned

35 that royal person."seen the strictly prescribed the gesture by Weas a have to [hwi, Horus, power to command]

the Son of Osiris (85r-s), who accordthe picture of Pharaoh personally saccanons of funerary art. But what have

ingly has taken over the government rificing the enemy chief "is found again we in our papyrus? No right arm

of Egypt; all are subject to him (85u). and again in every period"of the at all! It is hard, in view of the rigidly

And now he feasts with the multitude Egyptian record, and the sacrificial established standard forms, to avoid he gives life to millions, he alone liturgy makes it perfectly clear that the impression that the artist is conpriest taking the is merely king's sciously avoiding that other arm. The of Mistress the the through the Eye of the

place. between 3 "Hence the showdown priest is not an embalmer. All reads (86v-w.) of this'Universe."

exactly like the liturgy of an early Abraham and the man with the knife Q: But why does he hold the knife

Roman yearrite,- s and fits nicely into is really the encounter between the in his left hand?

the Sed festival; and not the least improphet and the monarch, no matter A: He really doesn't. It is just shown

the Likewise the holds weapon. who studies of aspect have of the portant number windingup way. A 37 that priest either could wear a jackal mask artist that the Egyptian is the of demonstrated application scene the whole

thing to the ruler of Egypt: it is for his or simply be bald, as shown in the always drew people in the right probenefit that the whole thing is staged. facsimile: the Salt Papyrus, in fact, file whenever he could, "while the left

The fragments that make up Coffin specifies that the sacrificing priest be profile is shown as a mirrorimage."43

Text 312 are from, I believe, the third 'Footnotes 2933 have been omitted. So our priest is properly shown in right

80 Improvement Era profile. But at the same time "in a twoby the introduction of figures not found of Abraham: when "the Lord broke

dimensional drawing the Egyptian in other lioncouch scenes—the lotus down the altar"he also "smote the

artist was afraid of crisscrossing,"so and the crocodile, which to the Egyppriest that he died"(Abr. 1:20), for he

he simply put the knife in the other tian mind represent the ultimate said, "I have come down... to destroy

hand. Comparison of Egyptian drawextremes respectively of destruction and him who hath lifted up his hand

ings and statues reveals that when a preservation. Having taken such speagainst thee...."(Abr. 1:17. Italics

figure is shown as lefthanded in a cial pains to give a particular interpreadded.) In the Jewish legends too it

drawing, the same figure in the same tation to the scene, the artist cannot is always the priest who gets killed.

attitude is seen to be righthanded in be denied the privilege of putting such Instead of going into sources here (that his statue, which proved to Professor an object as a knife in the priest's will come later), let us only consider

Mueller that the lefthandedness of hand. Notice in the facsimile how the famous Busiris vase, a sixthcentury

the drawn figures is merely a conventhat knife dominates the picture—it is hydria depicting with typical Greek

tion to avoid the crossing of arms."exactly in the center of vision and irreverence and love of fun the climax

In Papyrus No. I the lefthandedness of exactly halfway between the eye of of the favorite Greek Egyptian story—

the priest, like the awkward position Abraham and the eye of the priest; it the story of King Busiris. 47

of his legs, is an unavoidable conseis the focal point of the whole scene, Q: Wasn't Busiris a place?

quence of telling a particular story: as it should be. A: From prehistoric times down to

it comes from the necessity of having Q: You spoke of a sacrificial knife the Middle Ages Busiris was the tradithe two main figures oppose each other. as a primitive flint sword. Is this that tional center of human sacrificial rites

The preference of Egyptian artists for kind of knife? in Egypt, and it is from that that the

the right profile is one of the canons of A: The knife depicted in the first mythical King Busiris gets his name.

their art and belongs to the same order Hedlock engraving has very much the For it was his custom to sacrifice that requires hieroglyphic figures to shape and size of some of the prehisstrangers on his "cruel altars,"espeface toward the beginning of a text, toric ceremonial knives used by the cially Greeks. This practice began

so that the procession seems to move Egyptians. In Chapter 71 of the Book during a terrible drought when the

backwards. of the Dead the sacrificial knife is people were starving and the king was,

Q: Why is that? described as representing the crescent of course, held responsible. A wise man

A: Supposedly because the procesmoon, the officiant being Thoth, the and priest coming from Cyprus told the

sion must start from a holy shrine or moongod. 1 5b king that if he would sacrifice a man

person, and since no one may turn his Q: You have said that the lion and every year, the land would prosper.

back on divinity gods and mortals the crocodile have a necessary and That got the king off the hook, and must always face each other, i.e. they sacred function to perform in the lionhis first victim was appropriately

must face in opposite directions. Hence couch situation. Does that apply also enough the very priest—blond, noble,

are mortals rule to that the while drawn knife?the the suggested and a stranger—who

48 profile, right in gods must be shown priest too, Yes, as to A: him. and to the we operation

4r> left. increasingly it see. shall It has been right, too. in to Kees, the the According served deadhim And Q:

clear in recent years that the direction ly wounds inflicted by the knife are A: That was the very idea—the

in which figures face is something to really the "victim's"introduction to priests are asking for it. Well, Hercules

be taken seriously in understanding great things—to hidden knowledge and heard about this and he didn't like it

Egyptian art, and it may furnish an to immortality—so that the knife is at all, so he went to Egypt, and being

important clue to the meaning of the really an instrument of transfiguraboth foreign, blond, and of royal

Joseph Smith Papyrus. tion. 40 This is shown, I think, in the even divine—lineage, he easily became

Q: What do you mean, important late Egyptian story of the contest be- a candidate for the sacrifice, allowing

clue? tween Truth and Falsehood, who, of himself to be bound and put on the

A: Notice that the priest, the lion, course, are brothers. Falsehood accuses altar. But being a demigod with

and the crocodile all face in the same Truth of stealing from him a knife super strength, he burst his bonds at direction, showing their right profiles. that has miraculous powers, hails him the last moment and turned the tables,

What do they all have in common? into court, and has him blinded and and that is what we see in this clever

Theyfigures—literallytake life, sinister,they are "onsinisterthe banishedlater on theforknifehis itselfsupposedturnscrime;the tablesbut parodyis makingon thehavocBusirisamongHydria:theHerculespanicleft"! In Egyptian common speech, "to and inflicts the blows of death—this stricken priests while the terrifiedsee the face of the crocodile"was to time real and final—on Falsehood, high priest, kneeling on the altar, is

die,45a and priest, lion, knife, and thereby vindicating Truth. So you see praying for his life. And lying bound

crocodile all show the man on the it is both a good knife and a bad and helpless on the step at the foot of couch to be in grave jeopardy. All the knife. 4Ga the altar is none other than Pharaoh

other figures, on the other hand, face Q: What about the wicked priest himself, identified readily by his

in the opposite direction, the direction is he good too? uraeus headdress and his beard. Here,

in which the immortals face, all of A: Good or bad, we couldn't do with then, in an early Greek vase quite unthem being invested with divine power out him. Who, in the end, turns out known to the world of Joseph Smith

to save life: The hawk comes to rescue to be the real victim of this ritual is another telling of the story of the

the hero; the four canopic figures have violence? It is not Abraham but the noble captive miraculously escaping

always the function of protecting the priest. And that is very significant, for death on the altar of Pharaoh at the

body from harm and assisting in its according to the Egyptian stories collast moment, turning the tables and resurrection; the lotus (as we shall lected by Wainwright it was the priests killing the priest. Most Greek versions

see) revives the dead and protects the who were always urging Pharaoh to of the story say that Hercules killed living; finally the figure on the couch is sacrifice himself or a substitute, and Pharaoh Busiris too, but some deny

brought face to face with his rival and in the stories in which the intended it.40 It is the priest in the end who

wouldbe destroyer. The whole compovictim escapes it is always the priest pays the price: Busiris got himself out

sition proclaims the conflict of two himself who ends up getting sacrificed. of a jam by sacrificing the very priest

forces. This is emphasized deliberately This is clearly expressed in the Book who recommended such a welcome

August 1969 81 substitute. There are cases in which gions, wouldn't you say? pass, and also kings and divine patrons

the king deliberately "avenged the inDick: Unless the geographical reof geographical regions: at the same

sult to himself"resulting from the gions are also people. time they represent the four main stars

escape of an intended victim "by havMr. Jones: Thanks for that. As far of the Dipper, and the four primal

ing the priests put to death as sacrias the Egyptians were concerned, the elements of which man and the unifices"instead. 50 Waimvright has exfour quarters of the earth were people. verse are made. 57 It is interesting that

plained how the Pharaoh who thus If the Book of Abraham wants to think this very temple of Opet was built of saves himself by sacrificing his priest of the four canopic jars as representfour kinds of stone representing the (who is his proxy anyway!) fulfills ing idolatrous gods and the four four basic elements of which the unithe sacrificial requirements so that regions at the same time, that is enverse was made. 5s The canopies must

neither he nor any intended victim tirely in keeping with the way the participate at the king's resurrection:

it. "Crossing of the waters the to the theneed death Egyptians place of thought about Now suffer—with

is rebirth"paid."'priest, explained 1 right here in been the full price has an Egyptian by of Opet where the Temple

This device is also essential to the we are so much at home "the genies gloss as meaning that "it is Anubis

Abraham story. of the four winds"enjoy a conspicuous who is behind the vessel containing the

Q: How essential? display, and why are they there? The organs of Osiris...."5i) Our canopic

A: As soon as "the Lord... smote four winds, according to our handbook, jars are both for preservation and resurthe priest that he died"(Abr. 1:20), head the list of more than fifty ritual rection. "All four gods of the Cardinal

the tension between Abraham and appearances of the sacred four—it all points officiate at the baptism of

Pharaoh was released. As we have began with the four winds and the four Pharaoh,"which, as we have seen,

often pointed out, Abraham was takdirections, represented as early as the was quadrilateral: "what was poured

ing Pharaoh's place on the altar as Pyramid Texts by the four canopic out over the King's head,"according to his enemy, his rival, and his "tanist."vases. 52 Gardiner, was "divine power... the

But suddenly another substitute for the Jane: What are canopic vases? specific power of each of the gods of

king, his own high priest, "the priest Mr. Jones: The four idols before the the cardinal points."00 We have seen

of Pharaoh,"and as such "nothing but lioncouch in Facsimile 1 are the four that the Sedfestival is a coronation, a substitute for the royal person"canopic vases. As we have seen, they and that according to some the climax

(above, note 35), had died at the contained the insides of the person on of the festival was the moment when altar instead: Abraham's services were the couch, precisely because they repthe king released four birds "toward the

no longer needed, the King's honor resent the four directions. Let us recall four cardinal points, to announce the

had been satisfied, and no obstacle the famous legend of the Jews that coronation of the king to the four remained -to his paying Abraham the Adam was made of the four elements, corners of the earth,"which four respect that he now realized (and had gathered together as dust from each of corners, according to this authority, are long suspected) was due him. There the four quarters of the earth; that none other than the four sons of Horus,

is thus no contradiction in having Facwhen one dies the elements are scatrepresented by the four canopic jars.'11

simile No. 1 followed by Facsimile No. tered to the four directions, and when Jane: They were surely crazy about

3. The whole Abraham story, strange one is resurrected they are brought four.

as it is, is quite in keeping with antogether again. 53 Well, the Egyptians Dick: Just like the Hop is. With them

cient practice and tradition. had the same idea: man was made in the four worlds are everything.

the beginning by four gods who repreMr. Jones: The number four seems to

The Four Idolatrous Gods: sented or rather, according to Brugsch, have been a sort of obsession with

were the four elements. 51 Now here at some ancient people. - If you look up

We return to our imaginary dialogue the Opet shrine in what is called the the four figures represented in the between a curator and two students: Chamber of Spirits, the hero at his canopic jars, the first thing you will

Mr. Jones: These four figures, the rebirth is being approached by good learn is that they are supposed to be

canopic jars before the altar, tie everyspirits bringing him good wishes and the four sons of Horus, and Moret says thing together. First of all, what does protection on his birthday, and at the the four birds released at the coronation

the Book of Abraham say these four head of the parade come the Gods of are also the four sons of Horus. 03 The

figures are? the Four Elements, sometimes eight four children of Horus began as stars

Jane: "Idolatrous gods."They have of them, sometimes 14. 55 in the northern sky;ot their names

funny names. Jane: Just like the good fairies in the Imsty, Hpy, Dwamutf and Qbhsnwf

Mr. Jones: Are those the names of fairy stories. designated the four stars of the Dipper

the gods? Look again. Mr. Jones: Yes, the same tradition is bowl and seem to go back to the earliDick: It says here (Facsimile No. 1, behind both. Now the mixing up of the est times,05 when they are also identiFigure 5), "The idolatrous god of four canopic idols with the four regions fied with the major cosmic deities.00

Elkenah."(Italics added.) of the universe is found in Egyptian Let's go back to our shrine at Opet,

Mr. Jones: And what does it say in funerary cult at all times, as Budge our "lioncouch"temple. Here in the

the preceding sentence? noted: "The four children of Horus central chamber between the lionDick: "... the gods of Elkenah, Libplayed a very important part in the couch room and the coronation room,

nah, Mahmackrah...."funerary work of the early dynasties; above each of the four doors, is a picMr. Jones: Yes, these are the gods of they originally represented the four ture with an inscription telling us

such and such places or persons. Which supports of heaven, but very soon each what it is: Above the north door is a

it as or persons? think ram, the inscription fourheaded of the the regarded one god of and do you was was—places

I'll a earth, hint: in Facsimile quarters of give the also of four 2, is the tells us that he and you North Wind in

Figure 6, we get the same four critters. that quarter of the heavens which was its capacity of giving the breath of

What are they there? above it."50 Whether that is the right eternal life to Osiris. Above the south

Jane: "Represents this earth in its explanation or not, the thing to notice door we see another ram, this time with

four quarters."is that the four figures represent a four wings, and he is called the South

Mr. Jones: So those fancy names number of concepts at once: they are Wind; above the East door a scarab

probably belong to geographical repersonalities, "gods,"points of the comwith four wings—the East Wind, of

82 Improvement Era course—and above that west door a Mr. Jones: Well, we know that as "...as far as the

hawk with the head of a ram. far as the Egyptians are concerned the

Dick: What happened to the four canopic jars do stand for "the earth in

that time? its four quarters,"just as Joseph Smith Egyptians are

Mr. Jones: The ram takes care of that, said they did. We also know that for

but he belongs to Facsimile No. 2. A the Egyptians the cardinal points and

study of the four winds shows them the canopic figures as well definitely concerned, the canopic taking all sorts of forms: sometimes stood for four regions of the earth and

the North Wind has two cows'or the four races that inhabited them.

are they Egyptian Dick: here But plus twobulls'heads human heads; jars do stand for the

it all the four races Egypis a Were ramheadedsometimes man gods.

with two wings accompanied by a tians?

ramheaded hawk or else by a fourMr. Jones: Yes, when they knew their its fourheaded ram; sometimes it is a ram with place—countless inscriptions explain 'earth and

four human heads; or else the South that point of view. But we must underWind is a fourwinged lion—that is stand how the Egyptians thought of it.when it is a hot wind. Though most In early times the basic division of quarters,'just as.

of the exotic variations belong to the Egypt was not as you might suppose.

later period, the fourwinds idea itself Dick: I know, into north and south,

to early timesgoes and back is menlower and upper Egypt, the red and the Joseph Smith said 7 Texts."white in thetioned Pyramid

Dick: You name it, we've got it! Mr. Jones: Yes. It was not divided

What's it all about? that way but into the four regions. they did"

Mr. Jones: It has been found that all NSEW. The Egyptian ideogram for

thesecommon—whatcombinationsProfessorhave oneDe Witthingcallsin—each"city"iscityalsohavinga circlea divided"quarter"intoandfourso

the "quaternary principle"; he suggests following the same plan as the unithat the whole business originally goes verse itself. 71 For that "quadrilateral"stand in their proper positions. 77 Reback to the four winds and probably division of space does not, of course, cently Professor Posener has shown

started at Heliopolis. stop with Egypt. The outer world was that the Egyptians named the peoples

Dick: Naturally. also divided up into four main parts. and countries of the world after their

Mr. Jones: On good evidence. Even The concept was equally familiar to directions, and hence conceived of the

one of the Joseph Smith Papyri shows the Babylonians, who thought of the four great races as the inhabitants of that. city and the land as being fourfold, the four cardinal directions; to each of

Jane: Which one? but also thought of the four cardinal the cardinal directions they also gave

identiin points the of 8 as being cardinal the compass white, No. Jones: Mr. blue, Fragment and colors—red,

races, correlisting particular nations, green. 7S [February fied with that thereEra and 1968], were They knew

colors. of are countries, dealing the of course, Booksponding 57 of - Remember, to Chapter but they we many

the Dead. Professor Allen has renhere with a Canaanite version, in insisted on fitting everything into the

dered it: "His nose is open in Busiris. which the "idolatrous god of Pharaoh"system—a sort of cosmic plan that

He rests in Heliopolis.... If north is only one of the party; the others do seems to have hypnotized many ancient

winds come, he sits in the south; if not have to be Egyptian. people. 79

south winds come, he sits in the north; Jane: But don't the animal heads Dick: So nobody had to borrow from

sitsif east; in the Egyptian? winds he west come, anybody. if make them

(;s sits in the west."east Mr. come, Jones: he winds The animal heads seem Mr. Jones: So the various ideas could

Heliopolis is certainly the center of to have been borrowed by the Egypeasily meet and fuse—-in Canaan, espethe system, though the god is revived tians in the first place. Originally the cially, the newly found Brooklyn

didn't vasesin Busiris, put where canopic the animal the place he was have the familiar Papyrus people shows just plain motifs,to execution heads; they were and ideas: death. Both of jars. 7:! with invoking the same "The

rescue, are conspicuous in the Joseph Scholars believe "that the theriofour Babylonian deities is certainly eviSmith Papyrus No. 1—the lioncouch morphic vase in Egypt, as elsewhere, dence of the presence of a Babylonian

scene. can be traced to an origin in northern cult in this area."The four gods in

Dick: Do the four winds resurrect Syria."71 Yet the four heads are already question happen to be Bel, Nabu,

people? canonically prescribed in the Pyramid Shamash, and Nergal, so corresponding

Mr. Jones: Yes. Each wind is deTexts, so that it is suggested that their closely to the four great gods of the

scribed in some inscriptions as bearing appearance in Egypt in the XIX Egyptian four directions. Just as we

G"old idea. 73 The idea behind the canopic in Egyptian temples a special centralOsiris—especiallylife both to the vegetableit bringsworldrebirth.and to Dynasty was actually a return to the find in the secret place of resurrection

And to achieve this rebirth, the four figures was certainly familiar to room in which the four winds were must unite into a single entity, bringCanaan, where, according to the rabdepicted, so a newly discovered Assyrian ing the four elements into one body. 70 bis, the princes of the various nations text tells of a "high chamber"within

typified to our papyrus animals, in with reference it were just as were a Ziggurat the by were which foundNow

Israel.is interesting the four thus of the princes winds, four of the being that when images each

come together, each one is designated Dick: But only four of them? related to one of the four waters. S1 A

as "the god of Suchand-such a disMr. Jones: That was just a concesHyksos tomb at Gaza, supplying a link

trict,"just as our four canopic jars are sion to the system. Thus, though from between Egypt and Asia in these things,

designated by the Prophet as "the time immemorial the Egyptians spoke contains four chambers in each of the idolatrous god of Soand-so...."of the other nations as the "Nine four directions, with each containing

Dick: Is Soand-so a person or a Bows,"they believed that at the judg- a human sacrifice. 8 - The Mandaeans

country or what? ment tbe four races of Mankind would supply another link, and they have the

August 1969 83 to Stadelmann, that every god inalienable to right"All we can do here is to show cordinghad an his.-own

territory; hence, without the recognithat the name Elkenah, far from being tionlocal anddivinityapprovalof a ofregionthe immemorial"no power

was legal": Pharaoh himself rules

everywhere in Canaan only by permisan absurdity, is a very promising sion and with the aid of the local

Landsgott, who is never destroyed or even suppressed, though often he becandidate for research..."notecomesthatquicklythe fourEgyptianized.idolatrous0:i godsPleaseof

Facsimile No. 1, though having Canaanite names, appear in conventional Egyptian dress—that, to judge

same "quadrilateral"obsession as the officials and soldiers in the cities of by other examples, was quite a correct

Egyptians and Babylonians: their four Palestine and Syria"addressed the local procedure. 91 Look now at this picture

rulers of the underworld, Krun, Shdum, gods "with the same confidence as they of the camp of Rameses II in Canaan:

'Ur, and Gaf, represent the soft parts displayed towards their own home here before a shrine in the midst of the and effusions of the body, just as the gods,"Asiatics living in Egypt worcamp, a shrine that looks very much eanopic jars do. S3 Still another link is shiped their own Asiatic gods, especially as the Ark of the Covenant must have

provided by a coffin from the Land of the lady Astarte in the Hittite quarter looked when the Israelites brought it

Goshen, depicting the four sons of of Memphis. S8 In fact, "it became the out of Egypt, we see men of five difHorus, entirely human, raising their fashion among the Egyptians themferent races praying, and over here

arms in praise or support beneath a selves to imitate Asiatic customs,"and the king himself is seen bringing his lioncouch on which the king lies in the worship of foreign gods captives before another shrine in which prone, i.e. in the act of arising, while "the Pharaohs themselves took the four gods are sitting. 05 Do those four

six royal crowns await him before the lead...,"so A Memphite papyrus lists gods look familiar? Look at their

couch and behind the four figures are the names of the Memphite gods and heads!

four times three arrows and the numright along with them the Canaanitish Jane: One has a hawk's head, and

ber 400. The location as well as the gods with their outlandish names. 00 So one is human.

motifs are reminders of the fourand- we should not be too surprised by the Mr. Jones: Notice that it happens to

twelve obsession of ancient Israel.* 14 strange unEgyptian but patently Sebe the head of Rameses himself.

A literary link between Egypt and mitic names of our four idolatrous gods; Dick: But the others are a lion and

Canaan is Philo of Byblos, who says Egyptian idols often received such an ape—at least it could be an ape.

that the god BethelBaityl was the secAsiatic names, though interestingly Mr. Jones: Well, we have seen that

ond of four brothers, begotten by enough the reverse is not true: "While the heads could change, though the

heaven and earth: El, Baityl, Dagon, the Egyptians so readily accepted Sesignificance of the four figures remains

and Atlas. Sla A recent study of these mitic deities into their midst,"wrote the same. Here Pharaoh's enemies in

concludes that three of them were Cerny, "there is no sign that their Palestine are duly submitting to them actually PhoenicianPalestinian divinsubjects in Palestine and Syria showed—and him. The Egyptian and Asiatic

ities, i.e., idolatrous gods of the Cathe same attitude towards the Egyptian meet and mingle in Palestine and

naanites, while the fourth, Atlas, gods."91 Consistent with this arrangeSyria from early times: at Byblos, for

represents an Egyptian deity who "dement, "the idolatrous god of Pharaoh"example, we find our familiar Egyptian scends as a lion into his tomb."S4b appears among the other idolatrous lions and lotuses adorning royal cofJane: But didn't Atlas hold up the gods as a sort of fifth wheel, tolerated fins and thrones, but with a very strong

00 The idols of world? because he must be—Pharaoh is callAsiatic intermixture.

Mr. Jones: Exactly. And Baetyl means ing the tune in Asia at the moment Canaan tend to become stereotyped,

pillar—they were pillars of heaven. and must he shown due respect, but though retaining a great variety of

The Mesopotamian and Egyptian ideas at best the Egyptians intrude on the names. 07

met in Canaan: "The pharaohs also local rites with "a god like unto the Dick: Do you mean that all they had

served Syrian gods,"writes S. Morenz, god of Pharaoh."Fortunately, this to do to change the identity of an idol

"who made their countries tributary to complicated theme is the subject of a was to change its name?

the Egyptian kings. Gods from Syria recent book, by R. Stadclmann, who Mr. Jones: The situation seems to

... were venerated in Egypt... also in assures us that the Egyptians believed, have been remarkably fluid, to judge

settlements of immigrants."85 like everybody else, that throughout by Albrecht Alt's studies. According to

Dick: So it worked both ways. the Near East "the native gods were him the strange gods were constantly

Mr. Jones: Yes. The Egyptians, "very the mightiest, and that without their coming and going, especially in the

tolerant at all times toward strange help and support Pharaoh could not desert. A certain idol would pass for

gods... undertook to adopt those of rule these lands."02 This would explain a time as "the god of Soand-so,"

Byblos,"while the Syrians called their the persistence of "the idolatrous god"Soand-so being the name of the man solar god Re, just like the Egyptians, of this or that region along with the who introduced the cult of that god giving him special epithets to keep sovereign position of "the idolatrous into an area.08 The Egyptian expresfrom confusing him with the Egyptian god of Pharaoh"as depicted in the sions "god of Ramesses"and "suchRe. so A text from Ras Shamra baffled Book of Abraham. andsuch god of Ramesses"have longeverybody for a while until it was Dick: Even if the Egyptians had puzzled scholars; Montet has suggested

realized that it was composed in the conquered them? that "god of Ramesses"has a geographimanner of an Egyptian coronation Mr. Jones: That is just the point; it cal significance, and the expression

ode in honor of "the Egyptian overlord was a fundamental belief, and one definitely belongs to the overlapping of Ugarit."S7 And while "Egyptian consistently overlooked by scholars, acareas of Egypt and Canaan.088

84 Improvement Era Dick: Why couldn't they just call usually represented the South by a lion appendage of vague and general sigthe god by his own name? and the North by a head of a bull or nificance to names of gods, designaMr. Jones: Perhaps because his name a cow. So the four heads in John's tions of kings, and the like"(V, 42), itwas secret: according to a very widevision are actually the standard Egypis a natural for the name of an idol;

spread belief in the East, to know the tian symbols of the four directions. So and since it was common in Palestine

name of a god or a demon gave one a our four "idolatrous gods"which and Syria to combine Egyptian and measure of control over him. But what- "represent the earth in its four quarCanaanitish elements in the same

ever the reason, it is an interesting fact ters"aren't so far from the Bible after names, nothing could be more in order that when an idol is called "the god all! than to call an idol Elkenah, meaning

of Soand-so"in an inscription, he is Dick: But what about their fancy "the god EI is mighty."Canaan in

never designated by a proper name of names? They aren't Egyptian and they Abraham's day was full of what E.

his own."aren't found in the Bible either. MacLaurin calls "synthesized titles,"

Dick: The idols in the camp of Mr. Jones: Ah, but they are found and he calls special attention to the

Rameses would certainly explain how elsewhere; that is the point. Let us name Elqanna. 103a The commonest

the four canopic figures got to be take them in order. First, the hawkelement in such names was some word

known in Palestine. headed canopic, "the idolatrous god of for "strong"or "mighty"coupled with

Mr. Jones: It shows that they were Elkenah."We learn in Abraham 1:7 the name of the god: Thus El Elyon or

is priest After that how. "the not necessarily butknown,

ln:il> priest suggested, as the all, it has have been we 'of Pharaoh"—oneof Elkenah was priestalso Baal"victorious,"Aleyan ameans"powerfulthat thehero."god

seen, that the four canopic figures were serving two masters: since one of the Equally common is the Egyptian fen. or

Syrian to begin with. The Jews had masters was a king, the other may also hny, and the wellattested name knyra

their own four figures, whether the evil have been. Bearing in mind that in or Raqni is the exact equivalent of

spirits ruling the four winds and seathe common expression "god of Soand- ElKenah, the Egyptians being much sons—the four "DevilMothers,"100 or so"the Soand-so is the name of the interested in identifying their Ra with

the primodial Tohu, Bohu, Khoek, and king or chieftain who established the the Caananite El. 103c

Ruach, which correspond exactly to idol's worship in a district, I would Dick: But what about the ah ending?

the Egyptian Nw, Hehw, Kekw, and say that Elkenah was a man—but a Mr. Jones: It is a characteristic of

Shw, indicating to Professor Jequier man with a thcophoric name. Canaanite proper names written in

that the writer of Genesis had access Jane: What's that? their Egyptian form. Thus the wellto the very ancient Hermopolitan Mr. Jones: It's the name of a person known name Horan is written in Egyp101 records. by combining and made

god with some other Jane: In seminary we learned about 10 '1 The theelement—likename of a tianas a Hwrwnana,place name ita personalis Hrwnah.name,

the four beasts in Daniel (7:2-8);. they Uriah or Jezebel. In Palestine and name Ba'al itself is often written in

were winds too, and one was a winged Syria it is common to find such names Egyptian with final -r instead of -I, -r is to lion. Semitic the west omitted Egyptian sometimes and combining and

shift of final give Ba'ah. the favorite one elements. Well, 10 "'This between Dick: And in Revelation 7:1 it says,

"And after these things I saw four words of the Egyptians in building -r and -ah is interesting because Joseph angels standing on the four corners of such names was qenor qeni (usually Smith himself hesitates between Elthe earth, holding the four winds of written with a "k"with a dot under kenah and Elkkener. We shall conthe earth...."Isn't this just the same it), which means "mighty,""powersider this r- trouble when we get to

as the Egyptian canopic idea? ful,"or "brave."This element is some other names. Meanwhile, here

Mr. Jones (impressed): A. Grenfell "often used in the first names of various is a suggestive report by Bar Hehraeus

noted long ago that the imagery of the kings,"according to the Berlin Dicthat "in the days of Tarh"—that is, of four angels in Revelation is the same tionary (V, 42), and is especially approAbraham's father, Terah—"the Egypjars, of priate for tians of foreign canopic that as learned the conquerors the Egyptian Chaldaeism."

lands. needn't the Dick: so Rather a neat point for the example is be so smart.""1 - And name you A typical

I of strange heads? the about Amonqen(i) or Qen(i)-Amon Abraham, what (V, 41), Book would say—havtoo! "... ing the are there, Egyptians go is mighty."According in the they Dick: Oh, Chaldaean meaning "Amon

and in the midst of the throne, and to the dictionary (V,- 45), it is not days of Abraham, or rather of his round about the throne, were four possible to distinguish the forms grit, father.

beasts full of eyes [looking] before qni, qnw as to meaning, and the Mr. Jones: True, but that is only inand behind."Egyptians often leave. the final vowel cidental to the main point, which

Jane: They were like a lion, a calf, or consonant unwritten. The "q"here is that in adopting Chaldaeism the

an eagle, with one having the face of represents a very hard "k"sound, Egyptians of Abraham's day "made an a man. (Rev. 4:6-7.) which is impossible to express in Engimage of gold in honor of Kinos,

Mr. Jones (bemused): And to think lish, and I find it most interesting that the idol."3011 Bar Hebraeus has given the

that in Israel today kids your age Joseph Smith sometimes spelled Elkenname its Greek form as found in his actually do talk like that. But onlyah with a double kk—a very odd and sources, but from this it would appear

twonote—theof theman'sheadsandarethecanopies,eagle's. please justifiesunusual spellingus in equatingby all accounts,ken withwhichqen. thatEgyptiansin theirreally"Chaldaean"did honorspherean idolthe

Dick: Don't you remember that in If we go back to the great camp scene named Kenah or something very like

some temples the ape's and the jackal's of Rameses II, we find that among the it. Whatever the name meant, it was

heads were replaced by those of an ox four canopic figures in the shrine the there.

and a ram? hawk is represented as saying to the Dicfe: Could it designates region—

Jane: Or a beetle's, for that matter. king: "I give thee power (qn.t) against Elkenah, "the god of Kenah,"or

Dick: Only the human head and the the Southland, victory against the something like that?

bird's all I remain... the North. head give unchanged the distinct thee the is a lands of possiMr. Jones: That

time. Also, a earth. in:; is describing bility, throne a conqueror was, As latest John of the in view Rameses study by

scene, in which lions are a "must."we might say, qenconscious, and since Father R. de Vaux. According to him,

Mr. Jones: Yes, and the Egyptians qen-i, -&, -t was commonly used "as an the land of Canaan is designated in

August 1969 85 the Amarna Letters as the land of equated them to the Rechabites, the and how they are related. Remember,

of secretaries the ancient Arabian or Kinahhi. Kinahni Amarna 107 The

deserts. 1 "called "the Letters, written Kenwere Jethro was you may recall, ouranswers—webusiness dois notnot tocloseprovidedoors, finalbut

in Babylonian cuneiform but disite,"and his Midianite countrymen open them. All we can do here is to

covered in the library of a famous called themselves the Kenim. 115 Some show that the name Elkenah, far from

Pharaoh. have seen in these latter the beni Kain, being an absurdity, is a very promising

Dick: What happened to the second or sons of Cain, traveling smiths and candidate for research. Before we go

further, casters, to any their wandering metal with be well in it would "n"make Canaan?

faces. 11 '1 these habits a chart blackened four canopic and their Jones: to show Mr. Most of the time it is

missing. At Ras Shamra, a CanaanitAccording to H. Seebass, the Kenites idols in their symbolic perspective. The

ish library contemporary with the provide the link "between the Patripossible variations on the chart will

Amarna Letters, the name is written archal period and the desert period"of remind us how very fluid the interprestill is, original of Israel, their tation the things is called being very a a Canaanite Kinahi, home and how and'7 little is are, really II calls else the letter they of Negev.117 kinahaiu.'10 Whatever about known any of Ramses A

Canaan Kinabhi, though the Egyptians Kenites are from the Egyptian point this business118 (see chart below).

prefer Kn'n. But in the Amarna Letof view the people to the east, and Notice that in Egyptian thinking these

ters the ain turns into rough "h"and since the canopic hawk represents the figures are gods, races, nations, directhe final "n"is dropped. The form East, its name Elkenah might well tions of the compass, and parts of the

Kinahi, found both at Ras Shamra and refer to the god of an eastern region or body all at once; it is the same freeon Cyprus, was once wrongly thought people. wheeling type of interpretation we find

to be Human. 307 The point is that all Dick: So we have three choices. in the Pearl of Great Price. Of course

over the EgyptianSyro-Palestinian Doesn't that leave us up in the air? when we think in cosmic terms the four

area Kinah was a common designation Mr. Jones: No more than students of canopies are stars—the four stars of the

for Canaan, and the name Elkenah the Canaanites have always been. bowl of the Big Dipper, spirits that

is still Osiris "carry the in the procession"to agreement no certainly on There of Kenah"could "God mean 11 "Kenite, of the this a third heaven. names suggests meanings Canaan, But or Canaan.

possibility. It so happens that each of

the four canopic jars represented not only one of the four winds or four directions of the compass, but also that Pearl of particular part of the inhabited world NumEgyptian Parts of DirecGreat Price which lay in that particular direction. ber Figure Name the Body tion People Name

It also happens that the hawkheaded 5 hawk Duamutef stomach east Desert People ('Amu) Elkenah canopic figure always stood for the (Elkkener) lands to the east. 6 jackal Kebhsenef intestines west Libya (Temhiland) Libnah

Jane: East of what?

Mr. Jones: Of Heliopolis, in all prob- 7 ape Hapi lungs north Palestine & Syria Mahmackrah

ability, since some scholars hold that (Retjnu) the canopic idea originated there,'and 8 human Imset liver south Nubia (Nhsy) Korash the Egyptians themselves always re- (Koash) garded it as the exact center of the world, the place of the beginning, from which life went forth in all (To be continued) 108 fill to directions the world. The

to FOOTNOTES forth there four birds.from went

announce the king's coronation to 'A. De Buck, in Journal of Egyptian ArchaeIbid., p. 445.

167. ology, Drioton, cit., p. op. Vol. 35 The title (1949), "the south, in the Nubia"Nomads of "Ibid., 171. p. given Allen, T. G. Egyptian by p.The87. of Bookis that

68c, of,7Line rendered "govern (University of the west, the the Chicago, the Libyans for me"( DrioDead p. and 1960),

it "clear over calls (Brunner), and "watch of 150. Chapter me""The Making Budge fourth bedouins of Asia, but the nation the idea being into Transformation ways"(De Falcon."Divine myton), common

"relieve helplessness!"from the earth -E. is Egypt. 109 claims Papyrus Ani aThe me Budge, of A. W. Buck),my (New The king

"South to the wind, North to the sea, York,!De 1913),Buck, op.Vol.cit.,2, pp.p. 535.8797; the text is in 160f,18T. PI.G. XXVI.Allen, OfEg. courseBook thereof theis alwaysDead, pp.the

East to the Lands of the Gods, and his Coffin Texts, IV, 6886. possibility that the vignette has nothing to

it in text Orientalis, accompanies. Bibliotheca Vol. with the Drioton, 4E. do to sun's jourthe limits of the West cit., de.r op. in Ztschr. Brunner, 10Brunner, p. 171; H. (1953),

ney."110 confusion 20Ibid., There here Dt.10 Ges., is some 440. p. Morgenland. p. 445. Vol. Dep. 443.Buck renders hwi as 3 (1961),

because since prehistoric times the text"If ofoneBookunderlinesof theallDeadpassages78 in( Dasthe aegypt.Naville phrases"Command,"the passage:while "HeDrioton,must p.go and169, askparafor

Pharaohs claimed Sinai as part of Todtenbuch [Berlin, 1886], pp. 164ff) which a decision from the supreme Lord."

Egypt, but beyond that everything to moreare identicalthan fourfifthswith thoseof thein CoffinmaterialTextwill312,be -'Brunner,-nbid., p. 442.pp. 442, 444.

the east was Kenite country. The found to be the same in both texts. 2;JDrioton, op. cit., p. 167.

cit. B.D., T. 151. p. p. op. 169; Buck, De Kenites were those people "concerning

in allimportant the Dialogue, Vol. Wilson, very reminds one 3 muchG. Allen,of "J. A.

territory a covenant initiations: whose in it is the easier 6788. to( SummerassemturbanIt Ibid., "SamThus was made 1968), pp. Mandaean

of Haije a sent the jigsaw radiance are with turban pieces puzzle even when me many not with have and Abraham, who if for the to yet missingble so that the a King garment has Uthras completed before sketch be a one is, that of it conquered,"is all the been set to a shine of might through together one than put him."complete Johannesbuch Mand.

a to follow. 191f, pieces 194. (Lidzbarski), Ginza, without guide p. 206; pp. vast area described heras Abraham's

transall discusses merits expression the has the caused -This Gunn's of D. Buck 6De 111 itage in the it is Genesis it assertion to lators Apocryphon. sufficient trouble; of that for the as take student a mistake, two them

to refers text himself to says refthe confine while Drioton (p. some 169) identified Rabbis country Kenite The

it lost to erence in of episode a drama. the the form not what Thatit had mayat handhave without

stretching the deserts with it all the willpointed remote past—a twice mistake occursit is the where in Ms. commentary on way B2Bo,

ful of scholarship. e), Ibid., p. 87. myopia apparent should (87c, conbe one when the southern from to Asia tip of Arabia

siders scribes op. that Egyptian not cit., p. 88. a hurry Buck, do 112 last Minor. In the prophecies of the "DewIbid of their to 89. archaic p. out go dig upin forgotten way

cit., alternatives op. p. 168. ideograms modern words when and days the Kenites are identified with

is the "Drioton,Ibid., are at their 171. disposal. p. the expression Here

Ishmaelites, Nelson Glueck cit. (note 113 and op. partition""Brunner, the 4 above), p. 442. "through IV, 14, ( Wbrterbuch

86 Improvement Era 4), and the ideogram represents the archaic Osiris to appear as the second Horus "the 4 **J. Cerny, Ancient Egyptian Religion, pp.

door or screen made of rushes and rolled up spirits of Heliopolis"write his name (Pyr. Text 12627.

*>Ibid., of 126. Osiris p. heaven out comes of No. the also and 467), reminded bottom. when thefrom One

for ( Pyr. F. Petrie, Religious are set and,Mlbid 127, poles to p. W. pure said him""the 4 was up wall"through"reed whichis God

58f. Egypt, solstices) poles (the in Ancient Life pp. two the 303). No. Only Text Babylonian to Utnapishtim,have spoken

for set 138. are times they ul Cerny, are set but p. 4 Re, giving up of up the and FloodNoah, warning him

(Pyr. instructions necessary for his escape thehim

rite it. the TextSmnNos.priest263, goes264).aroundIn thethepurificationstatue 4 Gottheiten-R. Stadelmann,in Aegypten SyrischPalaestinensische(Leiden: Brill, 1967),from

-So Drioton, p. 171. times, called shenen (A. Moret, Culte Pharaon- p. 23.

ique, In a mimic 34:2). human B.D. p. 202, -"Bninner, 442. p.

slain sacrifice animals Ibid.,!l! The classicpp. 1718.example is the Lady of Byblos, at a were round this writer discussed long ago in 4 red -8Such as

the Classical Journal, Vol. 40 (1945), pp. 515hole representing the mouth of the underworld, who though appearing in completely Egyptian

43.o * * centerlike theof Roma"mundus"quadrataor "orcus( G. Lefebure,mundi"inin Bibl.the dressnonEgyptianand insignianameretainsand personality.nonethe-less Ibid.,her oldp.

11. In in Egyptol., possession taking Vol. Vol. Bleeker, 11 288). p. Nttmcn, 36, (1964), 3iC. J.

iii, II, Atlas, "">W. Pt. Taf. 169, "pass Wreszinski, at his coronation Pharaoh the would 80.p.

. sides. land, the 179f. 90. L'Egypt, Vandier, 4 the touching p. 170, through Drioton He 35E. J. &

Serv., Vol. in 42 sides Rites Ann. of the 52. the 4 AimeGiron,!IBN. Egyptiens, ran across.. heav40, ocean Derchain, and

. illustrations. with 294, Ztscher., Vol. in executionerI, as and Kees, many en Aeg. the 52, both (H. mask (1943), wears pp. 290,;iliP.;l7He

Studies, Eastern Jnl. in Kraeling, civ., Bell, Artemidorus, Near 68ff,.."in inscription!ITE. IV, of from 47, Edfu).healer, an Not Appian, pp.

Onirocrit., V, 92, in Hopfner, Pontes, p. 359; only power but danger comes from the four Vol. 6 (1947), pp. 201-8.

Apuleius, Metam. XI, 11. directions, "the enemies that converge from the "SA. Alt, Essays on Old Testament History

H. Altcnmueller, in Chron. d'Egypte, Vol. 4 cardinal regions of the world"( J. Monnet, in and Religion (Oxford, 1966), pp. 3739.

Drioton (1967), &p. Vandier,81. op. cit., p. 94. Rev."SA.d'Egyptologie,Moret, Culte Vol.Pharaoniquc,8 [1951],pp.p. 27f.152). (1954),0SaB. Couroyer,pp. 108-9.in Revue Biblique, Vol. 61

inH. Nibley, in BYU Studies, Autumn 1968, GiH. Grapow, Totenbuch, Kap. 17, p. 43. Alt., p. 34.

are matched by four of Horus Thausing, Sons 'G. 8185. op. cit., pp. 52f; Pyramid 100Thepp.

of Osiris, K. Sethe, evil murderers four the op. cit., I, 52. Text No. "Derchain, 573 (1483).

corresponsitting 214, old Einbalsamicrung, the has tradition der in on very Gesch. Geb 42H. Die Junker, den Stundenwachcn A

the four fevers matchingp. four to of "at the the 4 the universe place of the Osirismysterien ding p. (Vienna, G. 2; 1910), Jethrone

Horn., Nat. as Hippocrates, OsirisRa,"in crocodiles, Shu, De Geb, man, SobakRa, quier, Vol. humors in Sphinx, p. 179. 14 (1911),

to four the correspond of These 369. creation the they the world, dt. Inst, G. in 21: 359f, planned Mitt, AlterMueller, der des "H.

seasons, the or misruling ruling 37f. Vol. 6 DevilMothers Kemi, 59. Goyon, (1936), pp. zu p.tumskundc Kairo, Vol. 7 (1937),

I, 337. Juden, der Sagen op. 29. 59ff. "Ibid., M. pp. De inWit,

that also taught the Era, Febru39. Ibid., p.Improvement v. Jews Ztschr., LikeJ. thebinEgyptians,Gorion, p. cit.,The Recklinghausen, T. in Aeg. *SP.

the destruction by A. Wilfrom by Prof. saved p.Vol. in ary 1968, 40g; mankind Rochemonteix, was 15; p. 63 (1928), M. de

spread and 75.J. which came p. a falcon in Dialogue, 1968, Southwind Bibliothcque by Egyptologiquc, 3 Summertranslated (1894), pp.

I, Ibid., 54. cit., wings. op. p. 25. Wit, aegyptischer out 18385, Schacfer, 248: Vol.Von H.

les stir Religs. in Considerations to citing a son,(wpe']Ibid 31, p. Khum, W1G.its protectingJequier, Harrassowitz, hymn Kunst (Wiesbaden: 1963), pp.

30810. which the 4 gods must come together and Egs., pp. 155f.

"Lebensmiidc, 7980, cit. A. Gardiner, Eg. unite into one to give eternal life to Osiris. 102A. Grenfell, in The Monist, Vol. 16 ( 1906),

z. Uebers. u. Kommentar 18492. Gram., d. Pyrapp.

isbin I, 96. note 95. p.pyr317. iraAbove,103fL in OrientforArchie fur are before in Journal of Religious His- E. MacLaurin, Thoth. Text areNo.slaughtered674 (1999)with"theythe knifewho midentextcn,T1K."-P. Sethe,Neugebauer,

belonging to Seth."For the type of knife, E. schung, Vol. 7 (1931-2), pp. 26971. tory, Vol. 2, p. 286; though the expression El

Massoulard, Prehistoire et Protohistoire d'Egypte 73K. Sethe, Zur Gesch. der Einhalsamierung Qanna appears in the Old Testament, only the

(Paris, 1949), Plates xliii, lix, lx. (Preuss. Akad. Sitz. her., 1934), p. 217. Canaanitish records show it to be the proper

"'H. Kees, in Aeg. Ztschr., Vol. 78 (1942), S. R. K. Glanville, in Jnl. Eg. Arch., Vol. name of a local idol.

pp.ir,n46f.Thc Blinding of Truth by Falsehood, in A. 12 A.(1926),Rusch,p. 57.Die Entwicklung der Himmels- *bIbid.,103cH. Ranke,p. 284.Aegyptisch Pcrsonncn namen,

Gardiner, LateEgyptian Stories ( Brussels, gocttin Nut zu einer Gotthcit (Leipzig, 1922), I, 220, No. 5; p. 335, No. 2, 7-10, 15, 18, 821.

1932), pp. 3036. There is a remarkable p. 46. 1<MStadelmann, op. cit., p. 86.

parallel to this in the Norse Folktale of True T0L. Cohn, in Jewish Quarterly Review, Vol. ->Ibid., p. 13.

I, 316f. (Trsl. 9. pp. Chronology, Popular 10 1 in G. lwBar Hebraeus, (1898), No. Untrue, and W. Dasent's

Proc. in of the Lefebure, 77E. Tales Oxford, Norse (Edinburgh, 1888), 1932.) Soc. of Bibl. E. from the pp.

4448. Vol. 1-7. Vol. 4 in Jnl. pp. Archaeoh, Or. 88 (1875), Amcr. Soc, Vaux, TR.A. W.deBudge,

Cambridge Ancient History, Vol. 1 (Plates), TSG. Posener, in Goettingcr Nachrichten, (1968), pp. 23f.

p. 382f. 1965, No. 2, pp. 76f. Pyr. Text No. 457ff l0sSee above, note 68.

regions four of the four gods who invokes "the Ztschr., Vol. nS. in Aeg. 95 Schott, (1968), a complete of 4SFor bibliography the Classical

of parts of four the their vigilant rounds sources, 58f. make Th. Hopfner, Hist. pp. Relig. Pontes

the equates with Prof. 110Jbirf.. Moret earth,"the which 60. Aegypt., p. 821. p.

1U texts. Egyptian of the qibratu The Cuneiform cit., lists 4 loc. Klein, 4i>Hopfner, H. sources The Code Maimonidcs, that 15 Bk. of XI have

a fire is of with as pool a depicted underworld Press, (Yale Busiris University Hercules 219. p. put to 1954), that death and two

four of the it. guarding each cynocephalus ape Rob., -Midrash writers deny Three claim Gen. 44:23. Busiris that the

... Mart Roi Jugcment du sides. story Moret, Bull, in A. Lc a only Lewis, mB. mythical presentation the Oriental of of and the

of the Dead, 26; 22, Book (Melun, 1922), pp. African School, Vol. istreatment in afforded rough 13 strangers 312f. Egypt. pp. (1949),

of open Horus sons 4 the 125. in above, Ch. 50G. A. 1UN. Glueck, Palestine Exploration Up Wainwright, SkyReligion Quarin The

(bid., 13, p. of gates terly, heaven, the close 4 Egypt, 2224. and 63. p. 1940, pp.

(2078). 688 Text No. II, "Z. ct 60, Lcs Mayani, Herodot., 62; Hyksos flbid., 139. de le Monde

releof works fairly recent Bible, in Eisler, a-C. R. p. Kcnitischen Die 184; Chroniques d'Egypte, Vol. and7aAPyr. Depp.Wit, Weila

in footour this to found be subect vant bibliographymay 3537. Hyksoszeit der (Freiburg, 32 (1957), pp. 1919),

Quarterly, Vol. 19 hinschriften Political in Western notes 86. S3L. p. Ginzberg, 1, Legends Vol. Jews, of the

Mueller, Die 602-7. See liaEisler, W. to 71f, the pp. p. 81. Vol. According sources; p. 54; (1966), Jewish with bin pp. M. En- J.

(Stuttgart: 1961). heitige alsoKohlhammer, Stadt s.v. cyclopedia, Kenites, Gorion, into the Midianites der 5,Sagen also a Die Judcn,

AraBrooklyn Kraeling, Museum The sftE. G. Kenites, early Christian whose popular married people Moses concept, were of and I,Simeon101; Gecf. Wit, sir, p. Papyri 86; C. De maic Potter's "their in ancestor (1953), eponymous Songs, Cain."Oriens Christianus, was Vol. They 3

cit., op, 31. later p. tribe into completely p. absorbed became the 225.

d'Assyriologie, Vol. in Nougayrol, Revue of R. Bibl. North, Lit., in Jnl. See Chassinat, in Vol. Judah. Trav., Vol. Rec. 8lJ, (1913),MM. 38 (1916),

pp. 39f. 60 (1966), pp. 7274. 83 (1964) pp. 37389.

=%!. de Rochemonteix, in Bibl. Egyptol., Vol. S-Z. Mayani, Lcs Hyksos et le Monde de la UTH. Seebass, Erzvater Israels, Zt. f. A.T.

3, p. 249. Bible (Paris: Payot, 1956), p. 92, Fig. 17. Wiss., Beiheft 98 (1966), p. 106.

",(iE. A. W. Budge, Egyptian Magic, p. 90. E. Drawer, The 1012 Questions (Berlin, llsThe chart is based on E. Naville, in Aeg.

in 240. Ztschr., also p. Mitt, Vol. the Inst. parts Thausing, 15 Dt. 1960), of had Arch, zu The The (1877), pp. 29f. Mandaeans. that Kairo,"'G. idea "the four four Vol. supports winds later interpretation, the the A. follow 60. 54, Pianbody a shrine 8 (1939), pp. On

skies,"the koff, 213. hold ibid.,.. arep. from Shrines which up n. four the kings 19, supporting p. Medinet the 39. of Tutankhamon, To Habu

sky stand on pillars of heaven as depicted in Egyptian mind "the intestines were necessary Another system has East: Hawkheaded disk,

Joseph Smith Papyri, No. 1. Medinet Halm, for digestion over which the four sons of Horus ReHarakhte Lord of Heaven; West: Scarab

as stars survives in Cyprian's teaching, de Sina jars,"J. Zandee, in Bibliotheca Orientalis, Vol. Ramheaded Mendes the life (Ka) of the King;

et Sion in Migne, Patrologia Latino, Vol. 4, Col. 19 (1962), p. 39. The concept goes back to South: Humanheaded Atum of.Heliopolis, J.

994, that Adam's name is taken from the prehistoric times, according to Sethe, BalsaDe Wit, in Chron. d'Egypte, Vol. 32, pp. 31f.

initials of four stars that God placed in each micrung, p. 220, though Rusch, Nut, p. 45, At the purification of the king, the East is the

of the cardinal points. holds that the original function of the four Hawk, the West is the Ibis, the North is the

A. Varille, in Ann. Serv., Vol. 53, p. 90. canopic figures was to guard against hunger. jackallike Sethanimal, and the South is Horus

50J. Baillet, in Rec. Trav., Vol. 22 (1900). SIE. Naville, The Shrine of Soft elIIcnnch & the Hawk, E. Otto, in Orientalia, Vol. 7, pp.

p. 193. the Land of Goshen (London, 1885), PI. 6. 69ff. The doubling of the hawk, which occurs

A. Gardiner, in Jul. Eg. Arch., Vol. 36 "*"Kraeling, op. cit., p. 89. in the story of the MessengerHawk (above),

(1950), pp. 1012. 'D. M. duBuisson, in Rev. de VHist. des has recently been noted by P. Munro, in Aeg.

01De Wit, op. cit., pp. 37f. Religions, Vol. 169 (1966), pp. 36ff, 44, 48. Ztschr., Vol. 95 (1968), p. 37. The fullest

oiAt the end of the Sed festival the order S"S. Morenz, Aegyptischc Religion, pp. 247f. discussion of the system is the oldest, H.

"Silence"was repeated 4 times, the 4 arrows S0P. Montet, Lc Drame d'Avaris (Paris, 1941), Brugsch, Die Geographic des altcn Aegyptens

were shot, the king sat on 4 thrones, one facing p. 24. (Leipzig, 1857), pp. 3034.

direction, each Gods, p. 88. WhenFrankfort,the KingKingshipis orderedand theby (1934),8TT, H.pp.Gaster,95ff. in Egyptian Religion, Vol. 3 218f.1lnK. SeeSethe,above,Gesch.note der84. Einbalsamicrung, pp.

August 1969 87 id'"

**# End ofan Era

The carton with the little spout

Acclaimed as simple to pull out;

The box that's said to acquiesce

NerveWracking Packing To a gentle finger press;

By Donna Evleth And the bag supposed to tear

By slowly tugging here and there:

INSPIRATIONAL All do open with delightful ease

LDS If one is built like Hercules.

My young son had been home teaching with the FILMS Life

Among bishop.evening?""HowI asked.was your"It was

the good,"he said. "You

are There over 75 now outstanding films Mormons know, he talks just like a in available to assist a lasting* teaching message. Rental charges are well within boy."A few days later I met

the reach of any budget. the bishop's wife. "My

IDEAL FOR: When I called to ask my husband surely enjoyed

Leadership Training aunt if she could meet me in going teaching with Class Instruction

MIA Activities town for lunch, she said, your son the other night,"

Sunday School "Oh, I'd love to, dear, but she said. "He says he is Primary

Firesides I can't. I'm busier than a quite a boyhe talks

fourward Mormon chapel."just like a man!"

—Iris Syndergaard, -Delta Frandsen,

EDUCATIONAL MEDIA Kaysville, Utah Monroe, Utah SERVICES

Herald R. Clark Building

Brigham Young University "End of an Era"will pay $3 for humorous anecdotes and experiences

Provo, Utah 84601 that relate to the Latterday Saint way of life. Maximum length 150 words.

DESERET BOOK COMPANY Film Department 44 East South Temple Salt Lake City, Utah 84111 Most of the people who How blessed are we to

BYU Chicago Film Center BYU Southwestern Film claim to be wheels aren't even know... that we are the full Center

Association Films, North Inc. 415 6th Avenue

561 Hillgrove Avenue Arizona Tucson, 85705 good spokesmen. beneficiaries of our own

LaGrange, III. 60525 BYU Canadian Film Center work for ourselves, and among BYU Bay Area Film Temporary Address

Center 23rd Avenue 2300 South these works are the unselfish

Lethbridge, Association Films, Inc. Alberta. Canada

Cypress 25358 Avenue Film Ricks BYU Center to father Said one

Calif. Hayward, First Street 94544 225

: Falls, Idaho Idaho Film Eastern BYU 83401 another two can—Presidentdeeds we bestowJ. ReubenuponClark,others.Jr. "Of course

Center Los Angeles BYU Film live Association Films, as cheaply as one. Inc Center

600 Grand Avenue Films, Inc. Association

Ridgefield, N.J. as cheaply 07657 and I live My wife Olive Street South 2221

Los Angeles, Calif. 90007 as our daughter in college.""If all the snow in Alaska

ORDER FROM YOUR NEAREST BRANCH LIBRARY I were to melt,"said the Texan,

FREE "Texas would be the NEW biggest state.""If all the snow

CATALOG Acquaintance: A degree of in Alaska were to melt,"

it's retorted the Alaskan, "Texas Send for the latest FREE catalog friendship called slight when listing all films now available. object is poor and obscure, would be a lake!"

Write to: and intimate when he is

Educational Media Services rich and famous.

Box 8, Herald R. Clark Building—Ambrose Bierce

Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah 84801

88 Improvement Era D Can I prepare for a top business career in less time?

D Is there a wholesome LDS atmosphere?

How about job opportunities for twoyear degree graduates?

Let's talk about these questions and Stevens Henager College:

Experience shows you can prepare for an exciting business career at

Stevens Henager in onefourth to onehalf the time. For example, you

can save up to 2 years in obtaining certification as a CPA. You can

the nation's business 1,300 private 50 of Our 2 colleges are among What are you schoolstrain even faster to become a top secretary. accredited Colleges as Junior of Business. Our president,

LeRoy Stevens, is national president elect of United Business Schools

Association.looking for in a LDS Institute of Religion classes are available on both our campuses. 2.

LDS students participate in their own ward in University Student Stake,

City. activities colleges with other enjoy Students and LDSSAjunior college SaltuniversitiesLake students 6 of every nearby 10 of our Over from campuses.

are LDS. firms are in leading business graduates Henager demand by 3, Stevens of business excellent positions to: offering secretaries, programers, computer

accountants, marketing and sales managers. Employment requests

? far exceed available graduates. The college provides free placement

service, lifetime and nationwide.

Choose Your Career Now The college confers associate degrees in:

Accounting Fashion Merchandising

Management Marketing and Sales Management

Secretarial Science Retail Merchandising and Marketing

Computer Science Quarterly Registration Dates Fall - September 29th, Winter - January 5th, Spring - March 30th

Phone, visit or write now for free Stevens Henager College Career

Catalog. Approved for veterans training and low interest federal student loans. Board Qf AdvisQrs

David Lawrence McKay Sidney M. Horman

Joseph F. Cowley Wendell J. Ashton

STEVENS HENAGER COLLEGE means business A Junior College of Business Since 1907

OGDEN, UTAH SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 2644 Washington Blvd. 350 South 7th East

3947791 3647791 Accredited as a Junior College of Business by

The Accrediting Commission for Business Schools... Family happiness is sharing things together..Sharing the Good Things of Life

growing together. Your Beneficial Life consultant serves your growing and changing needs

3 ways: IN SERVICE... because serving you comes first with him. IN TRAINING. By constant training and study he keeps abreast with today's needs in all forms of insurance.

IN STATURE. He is sophisticated in various forms of advanced underwriting.And Beneficial

ranks among the top 10% of U.S. life insurance companies, both in assets and life insurance in force. There are growth opportunities for you... with

BENEFICIAL LIFE

Salt Lake City, Utah