RETURN POSTAGE GUARAHTEEB

SALT LAKE CTY, UTAtt with in love rnnnO wouldn't Ml*Who a car like this newfff/f/J/

IN A 1940 FORD you get more room, greater quiet, a finer ride, easier handling, and a much more luxurious car than ever before. There are no less than 22 important 1940 improvements, including the following:

Greater legroom, elbownew 2-spoke steering wheel room; new seating comfort Selfsealing hydraulic

New fingertip gearshift on shock absorbers steering post (All models, no 9 New front window ventilaextra cost) tion controi

Improved soundproofing; improved springing and

quieter operation chassis stabilizing on all 85

Stunning new interior rich- h.p. models

ness throughout New SealedBeam headNew instrument panels; lamps; beam indicator on dash

AND THE ONLY V-8 ENGINE IN ANY LOWPRICED CAR!

SEE ME NEW,wasFORTY SEVEN percent of Utah's people receive their support from the mining and smelting industry.

THE DAYS ARE GONE for rich surface discoveries and mining today is a complex problem requiring scientific mining, milling and smelting. United States Smelting Refining and Mining Company is continuously doing substantial work in

development of mineral resources of the West, and also it employs upto-date treatment methods at MIDVALE, UTAH, PLANT.

HUNDREDS OF MEN are employed by this company in its varied operations, making a payroll in Utah exceeding $2,500,000.00 annually.

Substantial taxes are paid and large volume of electrical energy is used for power purposes, while its railroad freight bill is one of the two largest in Utah.

THIS COMPANY purchasing annually materials and supplies approximating $1,500,000.00 is an important part of the mining industry, which with $3,000,000,-

000.00 volume is the fourth largest in America.

SATISFACTION WITH PROMPTNESS is assured new shippers the same as now enjoyed by hundreds who have and are now shipping their ores and concentrates to our Midvale Plant.

UNITED STATES SMELTING REFINING AND MINING COMPANY

General Office Newhouse Building Salt Lake City, Utah

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1939

EXPLORING THE

UNIVERSE By FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

Quartz expands so little with heat that the stress produced by heating '&to red heat then plunging into water &am& won't break a vessel. Now Corning

Glass Works have made a glass which has this same virtue of low expansion, but will be economical in price.

A new, lustrous, hightest, safety plate ** glass has been developed by cooperative research of five major companies, dollars. six million cost of at a MAKE IT a u glass public cost will get theAt no extra

which has four times the safety factor and five times the elasticity of the old product. /arvings in the ruinson stoneof TepestampCawra,seals foundIraq,

Saluki, fashionable theshow that now fanciers, also a favorite UNUSUAL CHOCOLATESamong dog was in the Near East 5,500 years ago. THIS CHRISTMAS

TT'hree pounds of carbon dioxide gas are given off each day by the lungs of an average human being. To break From Penny Mints to $5.00 Gift Boxes.

this the return oxygen gas anddown air requires the the it topart of work Fresh and fragrant at your favorite Stores and Hotels.

of three large trees.

A new compound almost as hard as "** diamond has been made. Obtained

by heating tungsten, titanium, and carbon in crucibles of pure graphite to a high temperature for a long time, this new compound will be useful since it can easily cut and smooth the toughest and hardest steels used to manufacture tools.

"\17hat is the fastest thing alive? One

"* man guessed that he had seen a deer fly go about 800 miles an hour.

He was wrong. A physicist then

pointed out that to fly this fast, if the deer fly were as efficient a machine as man in using energy, it would use one and a half times its weight in food each second. Experiments show that the

m.p.h. fly 25 about goes probablydeer trip jolly holiday a by in EnjoyIt m.p.h. 25 looks faster—but comfortable Greyhound warm,

is fast.front of nose your The conFrequent, Super -Coach.

isfastest the that of speed measured LOW FARES service everywhere. venient clocked been has which hawk,duck

while hunting at speeds of 165 to 180 You'll have a merry lime with CWU& m.p.h.; the golden eagle has been clockthe money you save on Greyed at 1 20 m.p.h. The cheetah, or hunthound's unusually low fares. FREQUENT

ing leopard, can do 100 yards at 70m.p.h., compared to man's 21.7 miles SERVICE

In Jesseper the water hour Owens ).

just toalt paUttd* m.p.h. flying(the fish reaches 35

before 4 the takeoff. See your local

"\17hen do one and one not make Greyhound Agent "'* two? When one volume of water

and one volume of ethyl alcohol are mixed, the two liquids together take about 5 per cent less space than the two unmixed. {Continued on page 707) GREYHOUND

When the first recorded successful /MmprouementEra blood transfusion was made? 707

"The Glory of God is Intelligence"

about quitting? 708 DECEMBER, 1939 Heber J. Grant, How habitual smokers really feel

L. Evans, Richard experience the of record Whether "THE THE VOICE CHURCH"OF Editor Managing

substantiates 711 37:25? Psalms

. Josephson, Marba C OFFICIAL PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, ORGAN OF THE Associate Editor selfishantidotes for good Some DEPARTASSOCIATIONS, MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT

Morris, General George Q. Mgr. COMMITTFE. WARD EDUCATION, OF MUSIC MENT ness? 713 Associate Cannon, Lucv G. Mgr. OF TEACHERS, AGENCIES OTHER THE AND CHURCH

Orton, I. K. Business Mgr. SAINTS. LATTERDAY CHRIST JESUS OF is OF in feared be enemy most to What

America today? 714

(pjctgsL be held responsible for present JJul dii&iL To what extent unemployment may unrest? Selfishness and the "Generous Giver'* Heber J, Grant 713 7 1

How widespread among earthpeo- ples has been the belief in a Redeemer? 718

The Enemy Within....David (X McKay 714 In what way the Gospel is reaching

The Problem of Unemployment Joseph F, Merrill 716 the Chinese? 720

The Gospel Leaven Among the Chinese in Hawaii How to avoid being a misfit, a jackElsie Young 720 ofall-trades? 72

M. L A. Greeting 725 Where unexpected events ushered in

is the Differ Evidences and Reconciliations: turbulent a XIX—What Christmas—and what ence between Ghost?. the Holy Spirit and the of it all? Holy 722 came

John A. Widtsoe 737 What kind of existence people lead

Church Moves On 734 Field Photos 750, 752, 754 in the city of silence? 724

Priesthood: Melchizedek 742 AntiLiquor-Tobacco Campaign: the earth can be overWhether Aaronic 756 from Frank Statements Some populated? 726 "Quitters", 756 Teaching EdWould-be Ward

Genealogy 748 ward O. Ochsner 708 The story of the Braille alphabet for

Music 749 What Chance Does the Avthe blind? 728

erage Messages: Mutual and Girl Have? Boy

Arthur 750 G. Taylor. 726 WhatChristmas?books to give the children for730 Society 751 Relief ReCampaign MExecutiveMen

Gleaner 751 ports 744 Where missionaries serving in Eu-

M MenGleaner 751 First MissionWide Conference rope before the outbreak of war

Explorer 752 of West German Mission, are now laboring? 735

BeeHive.... 753 Richard E. J. Frandsen 754 The difference between the concept

of the Holy Spirit and the Holy

Ghost? 737 The Common Source of Religious Truth—Part I—The Belief What significant book will be used

in a SaviorGod -Milton R, Hunter 718 in the Melchizedek Priesthood

City of Silence Arthur G. Leisman 724 study course? 742

Embossing Bibles for the Blind C* F, GreevesCarpenter 728 How the choir accompanist may beExploring the Universe, FrankHigh Hope, Orval Hafen 729 come increasingly valuable?. 749

lin S. Harris, Jr 705 Homing: Give the Children

Telefacts 707, 767 Books for Christmas, Marba

The Gift of Giving, Erma Ren- C. Josephson 730

EDITORIAL EXECUTIVE AND Petereit strom Corner, Barbara Cook's 710 The OFFICES:

B. Burnett Bread on the Waters, S. NorSalt 740 50 North Main Street, man Lee 711 On the Book Rack Lake City, Utah

Inc., 1939, Mutual Funds, by Cor- a Disliked, 749, 732, 742, Something Sears721 Jack 750, 752 porationCopyright ImproveMutual Men's the Young Ira National Champion, Ever Can the Earth Become J. Mark- ]esus ment Associationof the Christ Church of of

Overpopulated?.726 ham 741 of Latterday Saints. All rights reserved. Subscription price, year, in advance; a $2.00 20c to Advertisers 755 Index And I Saw the Dead, A. L.

single copy. Rogers 768 and Ours Page 727 Your

at the Office, Salt Entered Post Lake City,

Utah, as secondclass matter. Acceptance for

mailing at special rate of postage provided

authorized July 2, 1918. Our Use of Holidays Richard L. Evans 736 for in section 1103, Act of October, 1917,

The Improvement The Lengthened Shadow of a Man Marba C, Josephson 736 for unsolicited manuscripts.,Era isbutnotwelcomesresponsiblecontributions. All manuscripts must be accompanied

J-ictum, (posdJiy, QhoAAwtfixL (PujIsl by sufficient postage for delivery and return.

Gift—A Short Short Story Leila Marler Hogan 717 NATIONALREPRESENTATIVESADVERTISING

It's Christmas Everywhere Estelle Webb Thomas 722 Francis M. Mayo, Salt Lake City

One Small Dutch Boy Arrives Leone Amott Rose 727 Edward S. Townsend, San Francisco

Frontispiece: Paging Winter, To Wasted Time, Rose E.

Edna S. Dustin 712 Ross 765 MEMBER OF THE AUDIT BUREAU OF

Page for Young Writers 731 Scriptural Crossword Puzzle 766 CIRCULATIONS

Poetry Page 733

A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY

THisJugoslavia.unusual study of a seasonal mood is by Ante Kornic, and comes to us from MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1939

Exploring the Universe {Continued from page 705) TELEFACT"\7itamins from yeast and citrus fruit SPEEDS IN NATURE "given as medicine are replacing sleeping medicines in the newest treatment for insomnia.

A ngleworms have been made to grow ))10 BEATS PER SECOND many heads by cutting the nerve MAN&TTONEFINGER chain at several points in the part of, PIANO TRILL the worm dominated by the head. If

a worm is cut in two it can always grow a new tail, but will only grow a new head if it is cut on the front part of the worm dominated by the LEG OF SCRATCHING 20 head. MOUSE

An unusual bacteria has been dis- ** covered which can live on keroit into ethane and fermentsene and 50 OF just ordinary as fuel gases, BIRDmethane, Science ServicePictorial Statistics,.. Inc. io-U WINGS>0)))))))))HUMMING

bacteria can ferment sugar into alcohol.

- The number of births per year, how- a young man, with nine ounces of be can by means from a sheep. made redder ever, has had a downward trend since blood<**""*A pples + spray. chemical of a The new 1924.

been has railroad brake of type is new a color to in apples A duenatural red 4 *"* trains will bring perfected which idaein. spray This called newpigment infra lamps red from rays red Tnfra to a miles hour an at 100 pigof the the formationencourages * seed traveling increase to found been have 2500 within stop comfortable smooth, apples ordinary makesment which cent. fifty per as as germination much like brakes feet. the to slight Somewhat 3000 blush induces a onredder and

yellow apples, like Grimes Golden, + used in automobiles in that it uses a that normally have little or no coloring. HpHE first authentically recorded succomposition shoe, the brake eliminates

4 * cessful attempt at blood transthe old principle of a metal shoe press- 'T'he population peak of the U. S. fusion was made in 1665, by Richard ing against the rim or tread of the

probably will not reach its crest Lower, an English doctor, using dogs. wheel, thereby eliminating the danger

until about 1 960, according to Dr. O. E. In 1667, Jean Baptiste Denys made the of wearing a flat place on the wheel.

Baker of the U. S. Dept. of Agriculture. first successful transfusion to a human, (Continued on page 709}

r=3tfG

Tear out. fill in, and mail this Christmas order blank NOW.

The "Era"will send an attractive Christmas gift card to each one lor whom you subscribe, giving your name as donor.

Christmas iift order form

50 NORTH MAIN STREET Christmas THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

in this is $..—in payment for gift envelope Enclosed Send an ERA Subscription listed below. subscriptions

THE GIFT THAT GIVES ITSELF TWELVE TIMES A YEAR] Sent by... -

Address There is no finer gift for your family or neighbors at home.

There is no more appropriate gift for your friends or City State loved ones who are away.

Ward - Stake FOR THE ENTIRE YEAR A $2.00 subscription to the Improvement Era will be a

reminder of your thoughtfulness all through the twelve Send to will those send months, you keep and to whom is doing, thinking the andit whatin touchthe Address. and Church with what

authorities are saying and planning.

City..State

KEEP PACE WITH THE CHURCH to THROUGH THE ERA Send Address. "The Era gives pleasure and profit to every faithful member of the Church who reads it, and it has a tendency to inspire every City - -. State

reader with a desire to have his friends share the same pleasure."—

Heber J. Grant. Subscription rate—$2.00 each year for each

Lzxx: subscriptionLI707

SOME FRANK STATEMENTSRed Comet pioifL (tfojuMJbsL "Qjuiijb/tiu"

"Deginners are quite sincere when they say, "Oh, I can 7* STOP SMOKING ANY TIME I WANT TO,"BUT THEY LITTLE

REALIZE HOW DIFFICULT IT WILL BE TO OVERCOME THE HABIT

AFTER IT HAS BEEN ONCE WELL ESTABLISHED.

is generally conceded that most By DR. EDWARD H. OCHSNER ITyoung people learn to smoke, not

because they like the taste of tobacco, but because they want to be popular with the members of their social group. The evidence is overwhelming

that most smokers, both men and women, who have acquired the habit, confidentially admit that they are sorry they ever began. With few exceptions,

habitual tobacco users substantiate this statement. Many also say that

they have made repeated attempts to stop smoking, but just as repeatedly have failed in their efforts.

AUTOMATIC Beginners are quite sincere when

Standard Wall Type theytime Isay,want"Oh,to,"I canbut stopthey smokinglittle realizeany

Fire Extinguisher how difficult it will be to overcome the habit after it has been once well estabfor Factories, especially constructed lished. of BusiBuildings, places Public

ness, Homes and Farms. As Red Young men who do not smoke are

Comet operation is genuinely Auoften the subject of ridicule among solved the problem most satisfactorily, is If asprotection tomatic complete do. privately of groups men who in addition to teaching a number me day, day, every 24 hours sured a habitual the questioned, even however, lessons. valuable of

is presbeing whether any human the usually advises young smoker man I scaler regularly with The whom fire not or ent sudden when a smoking. against men may Many forty old, years about had recworked was out. breaks The Fuse Comet Red

melts at 160 degrees, releasing the ognize, in part at least, a parallel to received a fair general education, and strong parkerized spring. This in their own experiences in the followwas never known to sit down even for

turn crashes the steel plunger into ing: a minute without fussing with his pipe

free glass setting the the grenade, to eighteen the of age work I went At interval beor an smoking. During Fluid. Fire Control Red Comet in lumber a large as camp a tallyman I scaling him, day, asked tween one this air to at the exposed When I Mississippi River. the located was on of a were young "Mr. if you man instantly C, Fluid the temperature

gassifies, greatly expands, and creone of six to seven hundred men emmy age, would you learn to smoke?"

logging and company, ployed ates by the firesmothering blanheavy, a It is, no! a nasty, was, The "H—is ket to directly which, the at thirtyfive lived drawn of about one who this dirty of the from one replyhabit!"—and fire of draft. the base by the scalers'tallymen's camp. the and The several occasions on had men who

RED COMET, Inc. meneighteenin thisto campsixty variedyears. inBecauseages fromof joinedA secondin ridiculingopportunityme! to question a

LittletonDenver, Colorado, U. S. A. twelvehour work days, six days a man confidentially presented itself the

Distributed in Salt Lake City by: week, the men were too tired to enjoy following Sunday. An older scaler

serious reading in the evening, and and I were sent down the river to renewspapers were rare. Evenings were trieve logs a brail of gone that had by J. V. NELSON cards. spent in playing scaled. In without having been answer 403 North 9th West 6139-W Wasatch

Before the card game could get unto my question, this man of some sixty der way, most of the men would busy years, a heavy smoker, said in very

butt live the often did not smoke, over again he would never learn I was... I

jokes. of the gibes to of WE OffER themselves with their pipes. Because fine language that if he had his life to men smoke. and One A COMPLETE

SERVICE would suggest one brand of tobacco, To convince myself more definitely, ENGRAVING

From Missionary portraits to the largest another a different brand, a third a I confidentially asked the same quescatalogues. fiftyanother fourth tion scaler, certain kind of pipe, a of a third a man of

Mail Orders least at often, quite and, years, character, one of five Given Prompt Attention. kind, the and of good

CO. ENGRAVING UTAH

St. Salt Lake City, Utah the men would end up with the remark, father of two fine, grown sons. His 113 Regent "You never will be a man unless you reply was even more emphatic. "I

learn to smoke."should say not! About a week ago

I could I consulted a doctor in Eau Claire, HOTEL LANKERSH1M Being a husky young fellow, 7th 4 BROADWAY probably have whipped one or two of Wisconsin, in reference to some stomthese tormenters, but I could not have ach trouble, and the only advice he thrashed all of them; besides, I liked my gave me "was, 'Go home and stop work and needed the money, and did smoking.'

LOS ANGELES not want to start a fracas which would Within several days after these three 'TWO PERSONS - ONE CHARGE"unquestionably have cost me my job. confidential conversations, ridiculing of

So I resorted to a bit of strategy which me stopped entirely.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1939

Exploring The Universe {Continued from page 707)

Porcelain enamels are harder to break in dry weather than in rainy weather, according to the Bureau of

Standards.

'M'ew understanding is being given to t Paul's speech in Athens (Acts 17:

1634) by the work of the American

School in uncovering the Hellenistic

Agora (public square and market place). The Agora structures uncovered show the great and varied religiousness of the Athenians.

"VTaval destroyers, narrow and only "300 feet long, have engines with more horsepower than a mighty ocean liner.

Jericho has been identified for the first time in hieroglyphics. A list of F

200 Syrian and Sudanese cities and peoples conquered by Rameses II are given in a register of inscriptions in an ancient Egyptian frontier town at

Amarah West, on the left bank of the To be the "top"oil for you an oil must do a

Nile between the Second and Third

Cataracts. Babylonia, Kadesh, Carch- "top"job in your engine. "RPM"will do it—

emish, and Joppa were also given, but whether you drive today's latest highcom- they were known from other texts. pression motor or an older, less exacting en-

4 gine. "RPM"is a new KIND of motor oil,

individual can nerve sendAn about refined by a new process that discards all old-** per second messages a thousand efficiently, and with each impulse there type oil conceptions. Result: "RPM"retains

is a rise in temperature of between one its stability under highsix-millionth and one eightmillionth of est operating temper- a degree, according to A. V. Hill of

London. atures, stays cleaner

longer and, therefore, '"There is now tangible archaeological absolutely minimizes evidence separating the two Babypov/erstealing deposits lonian attacks of 597 and 588 B. C.

upon Lachish in southeastern Palestine. of gum, carbon and var-

- nish. Let "RPM"tell its

THpCROPHONES, by using high amplistory in your engine.

LVA fication, can be used to detect insect larvae eating their way through timbers. type of microphone Another

regulateused as the mouth of an ear to is STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA a mineral crusher mill. Adjusted to

the roar given by maximum efficiency, the microphone, through electrical relays, can add more or less material as necessary.

PERSONAL \ T Iow does the ultraviolet light which dating (&utb8 Qtmde * 5 does the tanning and sunburning featuring the smartest lines i \

In thevary seasons? with June there CHOCOLATES available. Outstanding, beau- 5 is as nine times as in and January much tiful. 1000 styles from Over PERFECT FOR THE II that } timesseventeen of December. to select. which HOLIDAYS that total cent of the areEighty per sunburn CHRISTMAS CARDS I

best materials the very Only distinctive personally imif and six in theradiation comes summer

I! methods most modern and printed. inPriced Aprilmonths to September, from used. I for 50 $1.00 Iclusive. In pefour-year a research

inDisappointment Avoid by for 50 $1.95riod, Luckiesh, Taylor, and found Kerr sisting on GLADE'S- for 25 $1.00 that intense radiation the most from B (And

the measured, give sun an would CO. GLADE CANDY i skinaverage in untanned a sunburn Salt Lake City, Utah 24 City EastPEMBROKEBroadway—Saltup to $50.00 perLake100) 10 minutes.

(Concluded on page 710) THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1939

EXPLORING THE UNIVERSE THE GIFT OF (Concluded from page 709) Congress that the average smoker in applies eight ten years than more thirtyeight earth's miles above theA T tar quarts to tobacco of the tissue** 212 is surface temperature the lining his breathing apparatus. TheFahrenheit, that of boiling water, while cancercausing substances in coffee tar ivinq.

about seventy miles up the temperature are not soluble in water.

is about ordinary room temperature, 4results of Dr. F. L. Whipple's shooting By ERMA

star tracks studies indicate. /oldest spot north of the equator * is at Oimekon, 200 miles south of RENSTROM

Circle. the Arctic Oimekon coffee tars tobacco contain and"Doth is in a forPETEREIT Siberia. of fareastern region ested cancer. cause can which Dr. A. H.

Roffo of Buenos Aires, Argentina, rate the pneumonia death that tarsfound Tn extracted Norway from tobacco Havelife youwouldeverbe thoughtif the powerwhat incaused cancer cent threefourths 100 per of the has or more been cut cases when painted on rabbits'skins. by the use of the new chemical remedy, to give were taken away?

Dr. Roffo told the International Cancer sulfapyridine. Have you ever thought how barren and desolate life would become without it? Picture, if you

can, the tragedy of being denied for privday, the divine even one ADD THE J-hSUkpL OCEAN FLAVOR OF ilege sergiving of comfort and vice to those you love.

It's an appalling thought and reason. to for good We need THREE DIAMONDS give need to breathe. Deas we

nied that power, our souls would shrivel and sicken within us. All CRABMEAT the good in the world would come

to a standstill, and long before the TO YOUR HOLIDAY MEALS! eventide of such a day we would

be on our knees, earnestly entreating a merciful Father to restore the Gift of Giving. Manit. lost without be would IN CRAB COCKTAILS... kind

will be a wretchalways There The tender leg segments of Three Diamonds Brand ed few who, in their terrible

Fancy Crabmeat add a new tastethrill to seafood blindness, will try to live without cocktails. Open a can and see these choice big giving—they are misers at heart

pieces of crabmeat. Guests will marvel at your and live miserably to increase

things. material of hoard To too, sauce if you season with chili sauce, lemon their

of give to is one have no desire onion. grated juice and befall fates that can the saddest

an individual. An allwise and

recognizing unFather, and loving IN CRAB SALADS... given needs, has derstanding our

Turkey dinners, afternoon parties or buffet supus the law of tithing—not bepers call for salads that are light, tasty, and yet cause He needs what we give, but

satisfying. Serve Three Diamonds Crabmeat and because we need, so desperately,

you'll offer guests a tang of fresh ocean flavor to learn the beauty of unselfish that delights eager holiday appetites. giving.

Always give tithing; don't just

pay it. And give it without

IN HDRS D'OEUVRES... thoughttithing soofthatmaterialyou willgain.increaseGive

and renew your spirituality.

For treat, serve a new Three Diamonds can of a tithing of is one law of The paste, Crabmeat to a mashed seasoned gifts to us precious with one God's most teaspoon each of lemon juice, Worcestershire and and if we obey it with loving and minced onion, and spread over potato chips or grateful hearts we shall be recrackers. It's easy to fix, and oh, so tasty. warded. We shall learn to control and gain mastery over material conwill not things-—they IN PREPARED DISHES... us. over gain mastery trol and

CrabThree Diamonds countless other ways. and in holiWe shall secure a firm and unto your flavor will meat new add a delightful,

day mealplanning. It's packed freshat-sea, aboard shatterable testimony of the truthmodern floating canneries. For a real treat this holifulness of the Gospel of Jesus day season

Christ. And we shall so learn to

LOOK FOR THIS LABELlivethey andwillto beconducta blessingour livesandthata benefit for whom and among AT YOUR GROCER'S TODAY! whom we may labor.

READ

on the WATERS

IV-*"*

N. J. Fuilcost, 193839: only$85!

IRON FIREMAN By S. NORMAN LEE

been I have young, and now am regarded the opportunity of giving as a coal heating old; yet have seen I not the righteous

forsaken, nor his seed begging bread. blessed privilege.

(Psalms 37:25.) Another brother, a farmer on a small

a large City, supported in scale Brigham imost scriptures are full of admonitions a years became in later family andTheto "give,"and the rewards promised worker in the Salt Lake Temple. Almodern

are tangible and specific. It has been though that is not a source of large inof all

my observation during more than forty come, he was able to assist in keeping years of firsthand experience with memmembers of his family in the mission field, Modernminded homeowners by the thousands are to swinging Iron Fireman and bothbers of the Church, at home all means of the cases furnishing in in some for the smoothest, most type of modern field, paid thatthe those mission especially who and sonsin-law, daughters, for automatic available. heating can acYou tithestheir always had and offerings anafter an grandchildren. One day feel tually difference the in an Iron Fireman

something to contribute to the poor, no nouncement in meeting that some of heated home. There's a constant flow of

matter whether their incomes were large the Elders in the field were in need of mellow warmth which gets into the very or small. financial aid, this brother came up with timbers and "bones"of the house. It

floors the walls as warms and the as well in of the records mission keeper spoke As missionaries you the $5.00: "For

air in the rooms. I clerk and as stake a haveSweden and the ward moment said. "For of,"he relax while Iron You Fireman the does inpresident field; posiso been at home, a I have the mission in representative no "Last work. winter,"writes Blodgett, Mr.

tion to received, paid you this where and know who send who to like I'd you have experienced "we in drops outdoor temand to my satisfaction I have proved think it will do most good."This man perature as great as 40 in five hours. The

the force and truthfulness of the scripwas rated high in assessments for ward mercury fell as low as 10 below zero.

ture: "I have shewed you all things, maintenance and charity, and always Yet every day the temperature in our home

uniformly steady, was selfthanks to the time that labouring to so ought one yehow cheerfully. At through supcame regulating Iron Fireman."the theport and to remember words weak lot brethren to sold a building two he to Easy own. Less than a buys $10 month

it is said, theof he Jesus Lord more how up note drawn Church. in the was A an Iron Fireman. the See new models 1939

to to receive."blessed give (Acts than it over read at to him; presented he and dealer's your or send coupon. showroom

20:35.) carefully and handed it back. "I can't

I remember a man who joined the accept that note,"he said. The buyers

Church in Stockholm. He was a builder were surprised. They had made out

of stone bake ovens, at that time in the note according to their understandcommon use throughout Europe. He ing, they said, and if anything was

was a careful workman, but until the wrong they would be glad to rectify it.

time he became a member of the Church "Well,"said the seller, "you have writhis income had been barely sufficient ten interest at eight per cent. I can't

to maintain his family (he had nine chilaccept more than six per cent. That is

dren) in comparative comfort. Yet it as much interest as anybody ought to

was his earnest desire to come to Amerpay."That was thirty years ago, when

ica. He was ambitious and enthusiastic, it was not at all uncommon to charge

kept the commandments of the Lord, and ten and twelve per cent. Eight per cent

as if in response to his desires and in we called the "going rate"of interest, answer to his prayers, his fame began and a person was considered fortunate to extend far beyond Stockholm, into if he could get money at six per cent.

Germany, France, and Russia. People It is a true principle that to those who NO COAL HANDLING. Iron Fireman Coal Flow takes

sought his services and were willing to give shall be given. My wife's father coal from bin to fire in a closed conveyor.

pay well for them. When I left Sweden hired two immigrant boys from Sweden.

in I quarter later, of a century while 1898, he said: "I'll be seeing you A IRON FIREMANin Zion."on a mission four was wife and and my

I seriously doubted that he would see small children were left at home, one of Automatic Coal Firing me very soon. Imagine my surprise those boys, then grown to manhood, Send coupon for "27 Ways to Plana Basement."Fasciwhen one day, only four or five years brought my family a sack of flour. My nating 32page booklet of plans by leading architects.

later, I met him in Salt Lake City. He wife hesitated to accept it, but the donor IRON FIREMAN MFG. CO., Portland, Ore., Cleveland, Toronto.

told me that he and his wife and all reassured her: "Don't be embarrassed. Mail to 3260 W. 106th Street, Cleveland Ohio

the children were here, and, with a touch This is bread your father cast upon the Send free booklet, "27 Ways to Plan a Basement."

of pride, further informed me that they waters twentyfive years ago."D Make free heating survey of my home.

had been able to make the trip without Truthfully has Isaiah spoken that "the having to borrow any money. He bore liberal deviseth liberal things; and by Name-

a simple and fervent testimony that he liberal things shall he stand."Address.

(paqinq- U/mieA,

EDNA S. Goddess of Winter tiptoed through our town THE And left us her regal, white velvet gown, DUSTIN

All beaded with diamonds along each seam,

Its thin crystal hem stretching out to each stream.

Was she in a hurry? Why, nobody knows

But to think, she left her best Sunday clothes]

And on slanting housetops all over the town

She hung crystal candles out, upside down!

Photograph by Lionel Green.

Him EDITORS PAGE = SsdfL&knsiAA. and. thsL

Come men "dedicate their lives and all * that they have to the Lord,"believing that the lord will never ask for any part of it. By PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT

I am after; he has plenty of money,"and Thepressedteachingsme forcibly.of the ApostleHe laysJamesdownhave thealwayslaw imto the man

I letter of called apwith immediately him upon my works, faith our our by to are that show us we

I get did First not Presidency. the from pointment that showed the in believed man I always have and

I his that him, "dedicaanything concluded from and large occasion a one his works. Upon faith his by

all believing tion"to that the of he had done Lord was in was discussing another who man were of men group it. for part of not the ask that and any come Lord would of sympathy amount distress. wonderful great very A

failed that to president respond, the stake time At distress. financial One his in this for man expressed was spirit the utterly inspiration the lacked the and and he and fifty dollars'worth,"I sorry said, "Well, am man prethat to willingness prayer he the carry out had sympathizers other the and dollars down, fifty the laid

I his uttered, dedicate viously heard because him had sorry else was one immediately. disappeared No merely talents the prayer a to Lord. His time was and his sorrow showed This anything. man to do enough

it I of that matter a only form of matter and was knew had the for who man something doing his works, by by presistake longer that time a be would no when man assistance. needed accident and great who a with met

I I dent. complaints whatever, him but saw no made the act though as in the Church people great many A faith his the people; losing with gradually and power the of presidency the or Church, the of Presidency

finally change made. a was obligaunder their are of bishopric ward the stake, or

free his I of other also the man, watched own who if or of if the Wisdom they obey to tion Word them blessof his the appreciation will accord showed and tithing. regarding us to delivered the law they obey this without ings sending the of $5,000.00 Lord by me places that something done have feel that they They

I part. solicitation recommendations no on made any my locally, or the authorities of Church the or Church, the

it this in of but the for Priesthood man, promotion was them. to obligation under Authorities, the General president of a before short time a a he only became is our for is in the to us Church given that law Every faith his his stake, works, showing he because by was benefit. individual own practical love that did demonstration he a making by obligaunder feel are that often children we Our grateful that did that to the Lord, he the he Lord, was school; in they lessons their if learn they to tion them

substantially. that gratitude desire to show the places that something done that feel have they

it their to hard very found people have pay Some fact, they of matter while, as a obligation, parents under it is to for individual tithing, the an comply harder and lessons, their if learned they have something, done have his in of the of the requirements with payment Lord individually. benefit to them will all of for time be that

finally tithing, greater the the benefit he does when upon placed occasion, having I one upon remember, it. giver. loves generous a Lord pay man The No

diffiof a somewhat the Church the Presidency by me for the living earth poor, the donations can upon pay in the of large raise way mission: to money a cult sum temples, building acadfor meetinghouses and can pay

credit and good and to maintain the honor donations of his universities, send can take of emies means and and

I remember prominent men, and of certain name this rehis Gospel, girls to proclaim without and boys ceiving a letter from one man saying that he heard removing selfishness from his soul, no matter how selsaid he mission, financial he this in and I was engaged in. fish the started of is one he he was when

the opit, that long wanted rejoiced of hear to he had all for in finest to that get things the world men—toThat tithing, his in addition to something, doing of portunity is in their cured, selfishness natures the point where

to show to the Lord his appreciation of the wonderful that it is eradicated from their dispositions, and that blessings that had come to him, and he said: "I have they are glad and anxious and willing and seeking the

pleasure in sending you $5,000.00 to assist in this mission opportunity to do good with the means that the Lord

that has been placed upon you, and if you need more places in their hands, instead of trying to get more of it.

from me, do not hesitate to call."The Lord, knowing what is best for you and for me

I could not help but contrast in my feelings, the posiand for every individual, has given to us laws, which, tion that this man took with that of a president of a if we obey, will make us more godlike, will fit and stake to whom I appealed for $1,000.00, and who, I am qualify and prepare us to go back and dwell in the

sure, was worth at least twice as much as the man who, presence of our Heavenly Father and to receive that without solicitation, had sent me a check for $5,000.00. plaudit: "Well done, thou good and faithful servant."

He not only did not give me anything at all, this stake That is what we are laboring for. We are in a school,

president, but he made it his special business to see the fitting, qualifying, and preparing ourselves that we men of means in his stake and forestalled my visit there, may be worthy and capable of going back and dwelling so that when I went there, I did not get anything from in the presence of our Heavenlv Father, and the man anybody. who claims that he knows the Gospel is true and then

I remember, upon one occasion, when this mission does not live it, does not keep the commandments of was upon me, of hearing a man pray in the Salt Lake God. Such a man will never attain to that strength,

Tabernacle. He was also in a stake presidency. He to that power, to that eminence, and to that capacity in

dedicated to the Lord his time, his talent, his subthe Church and Kingdom of God that he would attain stance, and all that he had. I thought: "This is just if he obeyed the laws of God.

JA ENEMY

'"today there are in this country enemies in the form of "isms."i call them antiAmericanisms. Only a few of the leaders

fight openly—most of the army carry on

as termites, secretly sowing discord and undermining stable government.

SjL ipiJL want xJtangsiiu, qo to Uul pollA. otl sdsudtiofL daif, xp/m&A.

jpiik&sd aiu jcwl dmoAtauL jriii%&rL, jouuL titanic Uul 3kfuL o*l Uul fihwilsjqsL that xA, ipuAA. to havsL jcl

Am oA. to who Ahalt miwsl ijojul in*

fwJblic, of$ksL.

American Photo News, Inc. the revealed word of the Lord, we

PRESIDENT DAVID 0. McKAY ish the remembrance that never feel justified in warning people

charitable them. be may We of in the lad a as once home my against

thine Father, through keep Holy to own sinner, the forbearing but and I instance see ever one did youth that me, hast given those thouname whom sin. the must condemn father mothdiscord of and between are.they as be one we may references appropriTimely and

I for for but alone, these will er, Neither pray mutual that and good and them also which shall believe on me through understanding has been the uniting ate warnings have been given on the istheir evils of word: war. danger and There together held a forthat has bond

all Father, thou, as they be one: That may another menacing even more danger sisters. brothers of tunate and group I in thee, that alsoart in they and may me the than threat invasion of of a forvir- in will us: that the believe are one world Unity,be harmony, good may

that thou hast sent me. (John 17:1121.) tues to be fostered and cherished in eign foe. It is the unpatriotic activievery home. ties and underhanded scheming of

within our This counown borders. recognize, I have quoted virtue to progmore conducive from noas nearly all of you readily In branches and wards, there is disloyal groups and organizations that situated geographically try is so sublime one of the most presress than the and spirituality

fear of invasion need be little Itprayers ever offered men. among ence of this When there principle—unity. outside Furthermore, enemy. by anis prayer. ocan intercessory The evilspeaking jealousy, backbiting,

casion makes the things prayed for supplant confidence, selfsubjection, the government knowing who and most significant. In it Jesus makes unity, and harmony, the progress of where the enemy is can make ample

unity preeminent among His followthe organization is stifled. preparation to meet his attacks. But

ers. the secret, seditious scheming of an

Unity and its synonyms, harSowers of Discord enemy within our own ranks, hypomony, good will, peade, concord, critically professing loyalty to the mutual understanding, express a T-Towever, what really prompted government, and at the same time condition for which the human heart me to emphasize this principle plotting against it, is more difficult constantly yearns. Its opposites are is the presence in our own United to deal with.

discord, contention, strife, confusion. States of influences the avowed object of which is to sow discord and Undercover Activities

contention with the among men Sure Foundations if r\isiNTEGRATiON is often more danof undermining, weakening, view can imagine few, if any, things not entirely destroying, our constigerous and more fatal than outmore objectionable in the home tutional form of government. If I ward opposition. For example, an

than the absence of unity and harspeak plainly, and in condemnation individual can usually protect himmony. On the other hand, I know lay bare reprehensible practices and self from thunder showers, and even

that a home in which unity, mutual aims of certain organizations, please from tempests, from freezing weathhelpfulness, and love abide, is just do not think that I harbor ill will er or intense heat, from drought, a bit of heaven on earth. I surmise or enmity in my heart towards other or floods, or other extremes in nathat nearly all of you can testify to United States citizens whose views ture; but he is often helpless when

the sweetness of life in homes in on political policies do not coincide poisonous germs enter his body or which these virtues predominate. with mine. But when acts and a malignant growth begins to sap the

Most gratefully and humbly, I cherschemes are manifestly contrary to strength of some vital organ.

well with funds. They have won converts.

These converts have been organized into little groups called "cells,"each acting as

It is the orders unit under of a superior.WITHIN aalmost organization. a military They attack

where there is unemployment. They stir up

... discontent those oppressed. among

their the unions, By PRESIDENT DAVID O. McKAY They work way into

Of the First Presidency wherepublish theyand formdistributecompactlittleblocks.papers Theyand

pamphlets. At the New York Times they

pass out one called "Better Times."At

the Presbyterian Hospital it is called "The

Medical Worker."At the College of the

"Rrom among those messages City of New York, it is called "Professor, presented at the October Worker, Student."At Teachers'College

is called Vanguard.""The Educational General Conference, comes it

sheets. In are scurrilous These one issue I

this searching light that throws noted twentynine errors of fact. After a

its revealing glare on the most recent address of mine they passed out a

ror of fact cost dangeroushumanity—theof all enemythe enemieswithin*of dodgerpamphletsattacking me, with a deliberate erinmoney—moreeach paragraph.than $100Thesean

issue. The idea is to try to entice into their

web those generous and publicspirited teachers, preachers, social workers and reformers who know distress and want to "Mext to being one in worshipping God there is nothing doknowsomethingwhat theyaboutare it.doing.These TheyCommunistsfollow

in this world upon which this Church should be more their orders. Particularly they would like

united than in upholding and defending the united states. to dominate our newspapers, our colleges,

and our schools. The campaign is much

alike all over the world. I have seen the

same articles, almost the same pamphlets, in France and England as in the United

The Church is little, if at all, incer. As carrion hawks hover around States.

to fighting see, it comes Comwhen You creatures, Washington's so in dying jured and calumnies by persecution battlescarred veteran. But a I am dire calamity came men misinformed, or mafrom ignorant, to seek to munistsafter years I cannot twenty tell one by

licious enemies; a greater hindrance crush him—men who formed what looking at him. However, only the leadto its progress comes from faulthas been called the "Conway Caers proclaim their membership. The clever

finders, shirkers, commandmentbal,"a contemptible attempt to disare silent, hidden, anonymous, boring from breakers, and apostate cliques withhonor Washington and to supplant within.by his ideas.You can only tell a Communist

in its own ecclesiastical and quorum him by a selfasserting, arrogant groups. schemer. This internal discord and The Way of Anarchy So it is in government. It is the such disloyalty from onetime

than crushing friends more were is that within most menfrom enemy their of working HPheir method the opposing of attacks the were it threatens especially acing, when to he seizure the of power way army. established to disintegrate form our follows: describes as

of government. HpODAY there are in this country Talk about peace, talk about social

enemies in the form of "isms."equality, especially among those most op-

A Notorious Intrigue I call them antiAmericanisms. Only pressed. Talk about organization of labor,

into penetrate union. labor every and Talk fight openly leaders the of a few

Publish papamphlets boxes. and soap on Oerhaps the most gloomy, discouras tercarry of the on army most pers. envy. harangue. Play on Orate and

aging period of the American mites, secretly sowing discord and Arouse jealousy. Separate class from class.

Revolution was when General undermining stable government. Of Try to break down the democratic processes

Washington's army was in winter the truth of this statement, recent from within. Accustom the people to pickquarters at Valley Forge. He had investigations made by a committee eting,attack strikes,the leadersmass inmeetings.every wayConstantlypossible,

fewer than 10,000 men. Soldiers of the United States Senate bear so that the people will lose confidence.

were thinly clad, some half naked, ample evidence. Of the menace of Then in time of national peril, during a

others with no clothing but tattered one of these, Dr. William F. Ruswar, on the occasion of a great disaster,

strike, general a walk or on them. blankets around "So wrapped sell, of Teachers'Dean College, ital the seize power. and A wellorganizedinto the cappri- sick as the result of many were University, in an address, Columbia minority wonders. can work

vation,"writes one commentator, "How to Tell a Communist, and "so many were without coats, blanHow to Beat Him,"is one of the I have been informed from several kets, hats, or shoes, that one wonmany authorities whom we might sources that some of these spurious ders how the army held together at quote. political growths are sprouting here

all."Critical and desperate as were He says: in our own midst, that members of

these conditions, a greater trial and these groups have even received inin sorrow, I surmise, came to WashthatCommunistCommunismleaderscannothave livesteadilyin justinsistedone structions regarding what to do ington when some of his friends, such country. Just as we fought to make "the case this country should become inas John Adams and Richard Henry world safe for democracy,"so they are volved in war. The nature of these

Lee, turned against him; when Genfighting to make the world safe for Cominstructions savors very much of the

in the eral Gates insulted him by sending munism.Every countryThey aremustfightingbecomethisCommunistic,fight today. diabolical gunpowder plot

reports directly to Congress instead according to their idea. So they have sent time of James the First of England.

of to Washington, his superior offiout missionaries. They have supplied them (Concluded on page 767)

THE PROBLEM

UNEMPLOYMENT

By DR. JOSEPH F. MERRILL

Of the Council of the Twelve

/apital and labor appear to forget that their interests are mutual and are inseparably joined with those of the public. This utter foolishness is more

threatening to the peace and stability of our form of government than all of the other "isms"combined.

"FORUM OF THE UNEMPLOYED"Photo bit Homer Wakefield.

unemployment America's greatindustrial or economic realms that War. There had previously been

Is est problem? Certainly many does not have farreaching effects. in our history periods of panic or

other problems would disappear This is a fact that the demagogue depression, but always more or less if this one were happily solved. seems never to take into account. brief; hence the attendant unemRoger Babson recently wrote: Illustrations will occur to every careployment problems seemingly had

We aren't going to eliminate Communism ful observer. This thought is well not been considered of great naas a result of the Dies hearings in Washexpressed in the familiar words, tional importance. The situation,

ington. We must rid ourselves of unem- "Fools rush in where angels fear to however, has changed since 1920.

ployment. never You've seen a man hang tread."In 1928, Professor Irving Fisher

fireplace. a red flag over his own

Now the problem of unemploypresented in the Readers'Digest

All will agree that idleness is dement in its general aspect has become figures showing that four million moralizing. Hence all will agree extremely difficult. It has many workers were unemployed at the

that a happy, stable state of society ramifications and complexities, hence close of 1927. During the fiveyear

cannot exist where idleness and want no simple solution. This is why we period, 19231927, manufacturing

abound, for these are the fertile fields still have the problem. To date its interests dispensed with one million

in which discontent and revolution general solution has eluded the skill workers, the farms with another milgerminate and quickly grow. of the wisest and the ablest among lion, coal mines with one hundred

us. And, as we shall see, it becomes thousand, and railways, notwithThe Rise of Demagogues bigger with the passing of the years. standing a record haulage, with another thousand. one hundred To If men's nature could be changed—if HPhus it is that wise humanitarians of two million this number two huntheir selfishness greed could be and

and statesmen are always much eliminated, if their loves and loyalties dred thousand who lost their jobs, another million, already out of emconcerned when unemployment becould be perfected—then the probcomes serious. And when this is lem would be immensely simplified ployment at the beginning of 1923,

the case, of course demagogues are and a ready solution would be found. must be added. During this period

always in evidence. Their amiable I there was an increase of three mildispositions and loose thinking make The Picture Since 1920 lion of employable age, some of

it easy for them to invent cures that whom helped to make the four miloften appeal more or less strongly f et us look at some aspects of the lion out of work.

to the uninformed and especially to problem and some factors that This increase of unemployment the unemployed. Conditions in our affect it. In America, unemployment was largely due, Professor Fisher

modern world are so complex that it became a nationwide problem of points out, to the mechanization of is difficult to make any change in general concern only after the World (Concluded on page 765) &m mm> Christmasthe old man's'touch.'caseI suppose,is just anotherthough,

I'd better go and see what it's all about. Is the address there handy?"Gift

"Yes, the young fellow left a card a SHORT this time. Here it is."

SHORT "Andre Stevenson,"and the Judge looked at the card intently. "Well, STORY Andre, old boy, you're not far from

here, so I'll go down at once and

BY find out what your trouble is."

A little later, when Judge Kendrick rapped lightly on the door of L E L L A a small apartment, it was a gentle

MARLER voicevoice thatthat atcalledonce todisarmedhim to enter,his sus-a singing a picions started song and HOGGAN heart. slowly in his tired he came As

into the room the owner of the voice looked straight into his face, out of eyes so blue, so earnest, so fearless that he was at once interested and eager to know why he had been summoned.

JUDGE KENDRICK CLOSED HiS HAND REVERENTLY ABOUT THE WORN VOLUME. FOR A MOMENT v>OMiNG near the bed,

NO REPLY. HE MADE

SILENCE, BRIEF MEMORYIN THATCARJudge Kendrick looked down on the

RIED HIM BACK TO THE LIVINGinvalid's pale face and spare, wiry

LITTLE COTTAGE OF A ROOM IN body. The old man's white hair en- A WEST, THAT HE COTTAGE THE

HELD MOST DEAR. circled his brow like a halo and his

countenance shone as with a great joy. Although the Judge loomed in

man, not only in stature, but also strength and vigor above the frail in his outlook on life and his everyman, he recognized the other's suday dealings with his fellows. But perior spiritual force and stood in

this Christmas the demands for asawed respect before him.

a nerveracking sistance had increased to such an ex- "You sent for me, Mr. Stevenday in thea.ptercourtroom, Judge Kentent as to create a problem for his son?"He seated himself near the

drick made his way along the busy consideration. bedside.

street back to his office. The city As he looked across the street "Call me Andre,"

was gay with Christmas decorations, now, a Christmas silhouette stood "All right, Andre, what is it?"

and shoppers were hurrying along out in bold relief under a blaze of "You do not remember me, bethe wet pavements, jostling one anred and green lights—the Wise cause we have not met for many

other as they crowded in and out Men on their camels following a years. But our fathers were great

of the busy shops. winding road into Bethlehem. friends and because of that friendOn entering his office the Judge "The Gift of the Magi,"he ship I have kept you in mind through

went straight to his desk and hurmused, and his voice held more of the years. I shall soon be going on

riedly looked through his mail. It discouragement than of joy. "The a long journey,"he smiled, as if in was nearly six o'clock, but Frank Gift of the Magi—it is fast coming happy anticipation. "Before I go my

Judson, his clerk, was still waiting to be the beggar's passport into our way, there are things I must say to for him. business offices and homes. Some you. That is why I sent for you."

"Any calls?"asked Kendrick. people seem to think that a profes- "I shall be glad to do all I can

"Nothing that required your atsional man's purse has no bottom,"to help you,"the Judge hurried to tention, except the young fellow "If the strings pull easily,"smiled assure him.

who wants you to go and see his Judson, "that is what concerns them "Judge Kendrick,"declared Angrandfather."more."dre, his face lighting up joyously.

"Back again today, was he?""It is a draw,"accused Kendrick, "I want to share with you my rich

"Yes, he seems to be very much "to see who can make the goal first, blessings."His voice was low and

in earnest. Says his grandfather the charitable organizations or the gentle. The Judge leaned forward

can't hold out much longer and that bighearted citizen who takes a pride a little in his eagerness to catch every it is most urgent the old gentleman in being generous with someone word.

should see you before he passes on."else's money. I tell you, Christmas "Long years ago,"Andre went

The Judge sighed heavily as he is coming to be a racket."on, "when I lived in my father's

closed his desk and walked over to "You're tired,"Judson told him. home in Norway, your father

the window. There was a tired ex- "You've had a hard day in court. brought us a great gift. It is that

pression on his strong, fine features, Maybe things will took different in gift I would share with you now."

and his broad shoulders stooped a the morning."From a box at his side Andre

little with weariness. He was a large "Perhaps. But I still suspect that (Continued on page 764)

THE COMMON SOURCE OF a. L JJul &lh m.

TheevenGospelearlierof Jesusthan Christthe adventdates of man upon the earth. It was SAVIORGOD

instituted by God for the redemption children. of His

after the expulsion of BY Shortly the Lord Eden, from and EveAdam R. HUNTER erdivineracerevelation,or people orwhothehaddivinereceivedverire- MILTON of the plan torevealed them

demption and instructed them to Assistant, L. D. S. Institute o[ ties may have come directly to their

teach it to their children. Religion, Logan, Utah prophets from the Lord.

And thus the Gospel began to be preachThe Nephite prophets believed ed, from the beginning, being declared by that God made known the Gospel truths to the forth every sent race acof angels presenceholy people from of sins such of norance, and man—has voice, the His andGod, and by by own to ability their cording needs and it tensile that never strength has

. the decree gift of a and Ghost Holy lives to their dithe with harmonize finds hence one been broken; human it in world, forth, that thesent. be. should

until the end thereof.1 beings, pagan and Christian, reachvine will. In the words of King Bening up towards God and relying on jamin:

The heart of the plan of salvation a "savior"for assistance. Salvation cometh to none except it be

is Jesus the Christ and the great In addition to this persistence of through repentance and faith on the Lord work which He performed in providthe messianic concept which has filhisJesusholyChrist.prophetsAnd theamongLord allGodthehathchildrensent

ing for the redemption of mankind. tered outward and downward of men, to declare these things to every

Even before the world was, He was through the ages from Adam's day, kindred, nation, and tongue.5

ordained to be the Redeemer and the God has renewed men's knowledge

Savior of the human family. In due of the Savior through revelations to Alma stated that God is mindful

time after Adam became a mortal, His holy prophets. This became necof every people, in whatsoever land

he received definite information relessary because at certain times durthey may be.

ative to the mission of the Messiah. ing history many of the Gospel For behold, the Lord doth grant unto all

An angel appeared unto him and truths were changed or lost through nations, of their own nation and tongue, said: "Why dost thou offer sacriapostasies. The Eternal Father has heto teachseeth hisfit thatword,theyyea,shouldin wisdom,have.aall thatfices unto the Lord?"Adam replied, always been so anxious to give His

"I know not, save the Lord comTherefore, a certain amount of manded me."Then the angel exHis word was given in divers ways

plained unto him that "This thing to the people of India, of Persia, of is a similitude of the sacrifice of the Babylon; and a great amount of it

Only Begotten of the Father, which DR. MILTON R. was given to the people of Palestine,

is full of grace and truth,"who HUNTER. to the inhabitants of ancient Amerwould come into the world to reica, and to the Church of Jesus

deem mankind of Latterday Saints in our from2 his fallen and Christ condition.mortal day. 7

Adam and Eve rejoiced in what The above facts are verified by they had learned concerning the Son the testimony of prophets in many of God. different lands who claimed that

And they made all things known unto through divine channels they learned their daughters.their sons Satan and And of the life and work of Jesus. More them, also saying:came among a son I am

of God; and he commanded them saying: than two thousand years before the

Believe it not; and they believed it not, and birth of the Man of Galilee, the

they loved Satan more than God. And men children immortality and eternal life brother of Jared saw and conversed

that frombegan time forth to be carnal, avenues has used many that He with years Him. a thousand Aboutsensual, devilish.8 and that through to inform which them earlier, the the day of "Enoch saw

Even though the children of men Jesus is the Christ and that salvacoming of the Son of Man."Nephi,

began at that early date to fall away tion can come4 only in and through King Benjamin, Alma, and other from the revealed Gospel truths, yet His name. Therefore, most of the ancient prophets in various coun-

a belief in a "savior"has never been races of the earth have had some tries also learned through revelation lost by mortals from the time father sort of concept relative to a Reof the work and mission of the Only

Adam received the first revelation, deemer who should save them from Begotten.

to our day. This thread of persistevils of mortality. This information

to as a them have come may these of truth, purer sources social ThROM Gospelence of truths—although heritage the days from when Adam in ideas disseminated outward at timesstretched almost to an infinitesimal thinness through evil, igand his posterity understood the every direction among pagan naprinciples, or the ideas Gospel may tions. of religious a process Through

iPearl of Great othborrowed been from Price, Moses 5:5859; Book of have some 12:2830.Mormon, Alma 3:1213. "Book of Mormon, Mosiah

2Pearl of Great Price, Moses 5:5-9. *Ihid,. 1:39; Doc. and Cov. 18:2225; Acts 4:12; Vbid. Alma 29:8.

?'lbid.. 5:1213. Book of Mormon, Mosiah 3:7. Vbid., I Nephi 17:35; 2 Nephi 28:2930; 29:7-14.

being, a humanized "saviorgod."15

Even the Gnostics believed in a redeemer. "Their savior, like theRELIGIOUS TRUTH Jewish Messiah, was established in

men's minds before13 the Savior of the Christians."

Buddha is purported to have said:

"Let all the sins that are in the world fall on me, that the world may be delivered."Even in faroff

China, "Tien, the Holy One—one

BELLS BETHLEOF THE with God and existing with Him HEM, RISING NEAR THE the from all to save SPOT JESUS THE WHERE eternity—died CHRIST AMONG WAS BORN of world"; side while on the other THOUMEN NEARLY TWO

SAND YEARS AGO. the world in Mexico, "Quetzalcoatl,

the savior, was born of a virgin, was tempted, and fasted forty days, was done to death, and his second coming looked for so eagerly that when

Cortez appeared, the Mexicans, poor things, greeted him as the returning God! In Peru and among

the American Indians, north and south of the Equator, similar leg15 ends are, or were to be found."

It is easy to understand that the underlying ideas in these pagan "saviorgod"concepts came from the

Gospel truths as revealed to the holy prophets. For example, the

Photo by Adelbert Bartlett. idea of redeemers being born of virgins who had conceived miraculously was prevalent in the ancient

world long before the birth of Jesus.

syncretism, or blending together of were anxiously waiting for the Evidence might be cited from religreligious beliefs, "saviorgod"conearthly advent of a divine deliverer ious records of India, Egypt, Percepts became common property of at the time Jesus was born in Bethsia, Greece, Rome, Tibet, Mexico, all peoples. Those groups who relehem. and Palestine to that effect.

mained more directly in tune with All of the pagan religions which It is not surprising to find such ets—asGod throughdid thea successionNephites ofandprophHe- wereity—especiallyvital rivalstheof earlymysteryChristiancults ideaswhen acceptedone knowsbythatancientfrom peoplestime to brews—retained a more pure and had their "saviorgods."The Egyptime God revealed to His holy

unadulterated messianic hope; while, tian "Osiris was claimed to be the prophets that the Savior should be

on the other hand, it was natural Savior of the8 world, both in his life born of a virgin. The revelation

for the pagan groups who had oband death."His devotees believed given to Nephi ( 600 B.C. ), wherein

tained information relative to the that he had wrought many noble the angel said, "Behold, the virgin mission of the Redeemer to project benefits for mankind while in life, whom thou seest is the mother of the idea of the Savior (yet unborn) and that through his death he had the Son of God, after the manner into one of their mythological charovercome the powers of darkness. of the flesh,"is by no means the

acters with the claim that the MesIt was believed that the Greek first nor is it the only time that God been died, and had siah had lived, of the born or Dionysus, "Bacchus that revealed truth to the holy thereresurrected and immortalized, liberator virgin of to be the Semele prophets. 16 hears one So when

by assuring the devotees of a blessmankind, was torn to pieces,"and Quetzalcoatl in Mexico was bornthat ed life eternal. This conclusion helps like the virginborn shepherd named of a beautiful virgin named Chimaluniversality for the to account of Attis, immortalizresurrected, was tradition that man, states that and

concept, the "saviorgod"which unideified. 10 Priests of Attis ed, and the of Christna of Yasoda, mother

versality will now be considered. told the worshipers, "Be of good India, was saluted as "the Holy

The belief in a "savior"is worldcheer, you of the Mystery; your god Virgin, Queen of Heaven,"one

in is old worldwide. China also saved; there shall be for us and From feels that assured he has found one

ills."in the the salvation West, East to Mexico from of the of truth threads which came

throughout hundreds of years beMithraism, the mystery cult originally from the revelation relafore Christ and down to the present which promised during the early tive to Jesus and the virgin Mary, time, human beings have built their Christian centuries to make itself but which later appeared in pagan religious rituals around their conthe universal religion, proclaimed tradition attached to one of their cept of a redeemer. Kersey Graves Mithra to be a mediator between {Continued on page 762)

indilists thirtyfive different over "savior."was and God He Ibid., 143168; Cumont, Willoughby, Franz The man—a "saas Mithra. viduals Mysteries worshiped were of who divine his as a devotees regarded by 13Gilbert Murray, Stages Religion, Four of Greek birth of the before viorgods"143.

8 Carpenter, Creeds, 9Edward Pagan and Christian 80Literature, Muller, Sanskrit History of 14Max the while, hand, other Jesus, on 203204.

15Carpenter, op. Hickman, Josiah 130; E. The

130. different in countries mbid.. several people Kings185-197; the Bookcit., Mormon, Romance of of

uSamuel Angus, The Mystery Religions and Chrisborough, Mexican Antiquities, VI.

10Book of Mormon: 1 Nephi 11:1236; Ether 3:8-20;:aniti, 60; Harold Willoughby, Pagan Regeneration, 8Kersey Graves. The World's Sixteen Crucified t

3:2-17. Mosiah 127128. 3132. Saviors,

JhsL. GOSPEL LEAVEN

Gnwnq, Uisl QhhuUJL in. MawcuL

of the most active and faithBy ELSIE KIM YEUNG YOUNGSOMEful members of the Church in Hawaii are Chinese. In ward Chinese—the socalled Chinese

and stake they occupy positions of Class was organized in the First trust and responsibility, and among Ward of the Oahu Stake. With a

their own people they have been membership of thirtysix, this Sunconstant missionaries. The most day School endeavor is divided intohopeful among them look forward three age groups—adult, junior, and

to the day when a Chinese mission primary.

can be established in the Islands, Although conducted entirely in whence the saving principles of the English, a class in the mother tongue

Gospel can be extended to faroff for those not able to understand

China, their stillloved homeland. English is contemplated. Cottage

They recall a January day in meetings form an important part of 1921, when Apostle David O. Mcthe class projects. On record is the

Kay, in company with Hugh J. Cantestimony of a friend of the Church BROTHER HENRY WONG BROTHER KIM FAH

AKI, PRESIDENT OF CHONG, at borne one of these gatherings.non, stood in a quiet secluded and CHINESE CLASS THE OF THE CHURCH76, MEMBERSINCE

It is the experience faithpromoting IN HAWAII. 1889. the heartspot in ancient of the and

crowded city of Peking, "The Forof a woman who, although herself bidden City,"and dedicated the land to reach nonmembers. Especially

and its millions of inhabitants to the are the young potential "saviors on preaching of the restored Gospel. Mt. Zion,"As members of a race

The uttered petition for peace, for which for generations has kept a national stability, for the cessation careful genealogy, some of them of pestilence and famine, for the possess records several thousand breaking of the bonds of superstiLAU AH YOU, FRIEND years old.

tion, for of the hearts the turning TO and MISSIONARY is of the Chinese Class President

ON COOK theof the light to of a young new ONETIMETHE PLANCHURCH Aki. Brother Henry HaWong

LAIE. TATION AT still fulfillof the awaits hourday waiianborn, in baptized he was

ment. 1915, and has been successively a

In the meantime, the Chinese counselor in the M. I. A., superinmembers of the Church in Hawaii tendent of Sunday School, and is

have not been idle. Individual efnot a member, is the mother of fifteen today a stake high councilman.

forts have borne fruit, and today children who have all joined the With his wife, he has entertained there are not a few members of Church. many of the Church leaders on their

Chinese extraction in the Oahu Many of the young people who visits to the islands. Blessed in the

Stake alone. And now, more than attend classes are not members of memory of this man is the day he

a year ago, on June 5, 1938, a the Church. Most of them come made a second trip to China and

first step was taken in the direction from nonChristian homes. Some purchased a home for his mother.

of concerted labor among the have never been taught about God On the evening of occupation of the and Jesus Christ, but members maninew home, Brother Aki called his

LEFT: ELSIE YOUNG WITH A PAGE FROM THE

GENEALOGY BOOK COMPILED BY HENRY WONG fest a keen interest in the Scripfamily together to offer up a prayer

AKI. CHARACTERS READ FROM TOP TO BOTtures and in the life and teachings of gratitude for blessings received.TOM, RIGHT TO LEFT.

JUNIOR,RIGHT: ADULT, PRIMARY AND of Savior. the the first time ever he It was had

STAKE, CLASS, OAHU OFMEMBERS THE CHINESE is It in in Chinese among the aims of the class prayed the presandHAWAII.

ence of his mother, a devout Buddhist. The mother was touched.

She pondered over it and realized that the Christian religion had done much good to her dutiful son. The

upshot was that a few months after his return to Hawaii, Brother Aki received word that his mother had embraced Christianity. Most recent

tidings are to the effect that his mother's home is now a haven for war refugees.

Mary Aping Tyau, teacher of the

Pohukaina Elementary School at

Honolulu, leads the junior department of the Chinese Class. She

(Continued on page 762) Something disliked By JACK SEARS

es to do, has strengthened his confidence in himself because he feels he has chosen the right thing. All of—:: \ J his efforts are centered on one attack and as he works he grows and

develops. When people speak of

the man who has definitely chosen a certain work, they do so with a THE WORLD STANDS ASIDE FOR THE MAN WHO feeling of confidence in him, and TINUESKNOWS TOWHERESTANDHEATISATTENTIONGOING, ANDAS LONGIT CONAS they help him to make good. HE CARES TO KEEP GOING.

A man who knows what he wants family album. I was selected to turn to be is never known as a jackof- the trick—"Go out and get that

alltrades. A man who is to be a photo and don't come back until

lawyer should not be a lawyer, insuryou do,"were the orders. Well, I

ance, paperhanger man. He should turned the trick but it took several

be a lawyer. Such a man can go on hours of tactful talk to get "That

and on, and when he reaches forty Photo."

he is just getting his momentum; Again the city editor wanted more

at fifty he has built a background; pictures difficult to get and I was

and at sixty he has vision of wisdom sent to get them, after others had a man works at someand experience to carry him on. This failed. Well, before long I was aWHENthing he is not at all fond man can keep going as long as he photochaser cartoonist, instead of

his keeps enthusiasm of, several there years are for his work just fiftyfifty a a cartoonist—just himself. in faith and withhe can get it, say from twenby fellow. one came The showdown

tyfive years of age to possibly forty. Elbert Hubbard at fiftynine, the day when I was very busy on an

By the time he is fortyfive he is time I saw him last, back in 1914, important rush cartoon, a live wire completely disgusted with his job was more youthful in mind, action, idea. When I refused to chase more

and has shot his enthusiasm into and enthusiasm than many around photos I was fired, but I was still getting the instead of putting of of twentyfive a living him age cartoonist a and was soon and myself—I

it thirty. If for his into building there ever a background was a man who got another job before long and was

older years. This man is full of rewas completely himself, head, heart, taken back at my old position not as

grets, and wonders why years ago and hand, it was Elbert Hubbard. a getter of photos, but as artist.

he did not make the jump to the He never thought of birthdays, or About the same thing happened work he could enjoy doing and could holidays, but what he did think of on a New York daily, but instead do best. was "To Think."Elbert Hubbard's of getting photos I was told by the

Then the time arrives when he is mother was past eighty years of age city editor to write up Victor Herlet out of his position and it's a fair when I was at East Aurora, New bert's Sunday evening concerts. Beguess to say this man will try his York, and she was as young in ensides, I was to do my regular sketchluck at doing something he knows thusiasm as any one could be, for es of interest to the public. I refused

nothing about. Usually failure after at that age she was doing what she to be artist and writercritic, and

failure follows, and the end no one had done for perhaps fifty years won out, for I was already doing knows. continuing to collect rare handmade as much art work weekly as three

In contrast with the man who is baskets of many colors from every artists usually do. The magazine ed-

a misfit, let us show you a picture of quarter of the globe. itor stepped in and saved the day

the man who knows what he desires for me.

to be. The world stands aside for To illustrate why one should be On another occasion in working

the man who knows where he is goonly one thing and in that one for a large newspaper, I learned of ing, and it continues to stand at atthing try to be his very best, I will "being yourself."I have never

tention as long as he cares to keep relate what happened to me. I was worked for a newspaper ( and I have

going. When a young fellow has a cartoonist on a western paper and, worked for several) without first

carefully taken inventory of himself being acquainted with many people, having an understanding that I and after due consideration decided I was called upon once to go and would deal with but one man—have

upon what he wishes to be, then that get a photograph from a certain but one boss. It was usually the

very hour the world begins to stand person. A reporter had gone to get managing editor who passed on my

aside. the photograph, but had failed. I cartoons, but I cared not who it was

In the first place, the young felhappened to say I knew the family—there must be only one to givelow who has decided what he wish-—had seen the very photo in their orders.

Uf/mtL junhsifuddiut sw&niA. hhlnq,

viUaqsL, ipuL waif Juww ihaL

IT'S CHRISTMAS F,ROM her station by the sleetcovered window, Marcia reported, "It's turning to snow, now!"

Then the panic she was trying so hard not to show, getting into her EVERYWHERE voice, she cried, desperately, "Oh, what can matter? be the Why in By ESTELLE don't the world they come?"

Her blue to the eyes, accustomed endless stretches far WEBB THOMAS of desert and blue mountain peaks, strained to penetrate the grayish white wall of dust and sleet that swirled about the "Run into your dressingrooms solitary building from apparently all and get into your dry clothes,"Marsides at once. All morning the bitcia heard herself saying, through the

ter wind had swept across the desert, tumult of her thoughts. The chilbeating impotently against the stout dren turned silently to obey, but little

hesitated, Sayit's-notso Thomas stone walls of the Navajo Day turned round, on her, a brown eyes School; for the school building, long,

elfin splitting his smile dark, whitelow, and sprawling, been had made inface. baf?"de he "Widout Merciful powers, Hannah, what are to withstand vicious just such storms

as this. For the dozenth time in the you talking about? I thought you quired incredulously.

to can't yes! "Yes, see George yet!"weeks, two it was last half hour, Marcia glanced nervsaid

fix bath, boys'I must now, and It iss "Yess. But I you two weeks.ously at her watch.

"Merciful heavens, Hannah! It's think it come today. Maybe it think his arm and can't help the girls. Just

things. can school your put on You pretty to time come!"goodnearly eleven o'clock! can you Christmas How clean faces hands your and and said be!"Marcia, "a wash "It would sit there as calm as a stone Buddha, as after teeth!"called them, your she time, circumthe under grand late?"and so George

into the dressing rooms, trooped they Distractedly, peered she "It's all trip a thirtymile to the stances!"

respite the of day's glad from one the through whitened window.hogans back, and you know,"Hanpurification general daily bath and here, the gets minute George "Well, innah answered, soft, her hissing

hours, for that them, a changed few to for start we'll the Agency. havevoice, the "and roads be must very

little to savages hogan from Amer- I'll the go! can't have it after Or allbad has night."stormed wait—I children. ican school can't children on it! George just my "That's the old bus And in of dressmidst the Marcia was can't wait take them home if toonone good! Well, anything hands!again—we telethe George's ing arm when it to for that. be did have Oh, to whyhappens those children, that's the

of precise voice rang. phone The in that old miles Seventy today? bus official of end Banning, Marcia the at school superintendent the kill will this through storm you—S.wouldbe Indian School U. wire. over the dimly came Agency else there's to nothing but do!"teacher! that that's the Not imreceive Banning? Did you "Miss

thing,portant of course. It's—well, letter?"myI'd give a of salary month's to the see -Lhere sound was them

trooping in, this minute, safe from a closing door and the stamping of "Why, no, Mr. Franklyn,"Marthis terrible storm!"feet in the cementfloored entry. cia politely explained what he knew

get mail only She glanced again at Hannah's "Why, there they are, now!"she exas well as she. "We

to Saturdays, face,impassive joyfully. didn't wondering we on how it claimed, "Why when it—George goes the Agency. Was possible noisy?"to conceal bus, it's usually so one's feelingswas hear the

as these Navajos did. She hoped she She ran from Hannah's room "Very unfortunate, very!"The

would pick up a little stoicism, along through the schoolroom and jerked superintendent's voice assumed it received preference Marcia by was hallwith her Santana, the she door. George open other acquisitions—if

notified "I but mail once a week.stayed. of driver atIndian Something bus and husband in Hannah's

titude, as she bent over her sewing, Hannah, came wetly in, followed by you that, through a combination of suggested more than mere stoicism, ten dripping, shivering Navajo chilcircumstances, Miss Mcintosh, of however. dren. He was supporting one limp the Department of Indian Affairs in

"How do you feel?"Marcia inarm with the other, and his face was Washington, would be with us for

quired, almost sharply. drawn with pain. the afternoon only. She particuHannah made no reply for a few "Broke!"he answered Marcia's larly desired all day schoolteachers

moments. Then she said, slowly, look, laconically. "The bus she get to be present at the meeting she will

"I think maybe it come today."stuck and the engine quit on me. I address!""What! You don't mean—break her, cranking.""But, Mr. Franklyn—

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1939

"Listen, Miss Banning,"the sument's new sheep and cattle reducperintendent's tone was impressive; tion law, which was passed in an

"it may be inconvenient. Probably effort to save the range, and retaliate

it is storming there, as we are having by refusing to send their children to a snow squall here. But, I repeat school. There are only twelve or

your presence here is positively refourteen attending there, now, quired!"though we have to employ a teacher, "But, Superintendent—a housekeeper, and a bus driver.

"Another thing. Dr. Vaile wishes And you should know,"he had

me to tell you that that patient must added, "teaching would be the smallbe in here not later than tonight, as est part of your duties."

the hospital is full of important cases. Marcia had looked bewildered,

He positively cannot make a hurryand he elucidated, "The school is up trip that far out on the reserva- a community center. The adults

tion at this time. As you doubtless have free run of it. That's where

know, Dr. Weston has been called your trouble would come in. They

East, and Dr. Vaile is very much come to wash in the school laundry,

overburdened. Otherwise,"his bake in the school stove, bathe, if the

voice began to fade, "you will be spirit moves them, in the school bath held accountable for her safety. We tubs—and you must encourage it.

sincerely hope, Miss Banning, you We can't afford to keep a doctor will to inreported for be at schools, the smaller and nurse and subordination—not have "voice died His you would to dispense medihave

away completely on the last syllable cine, go to hogans at call, attend to and Marcia shook the receiver, wounds, treat eyes—

frantically. "I still want to try it!"

"Mr. Franklyn! Mr. Franklyn! "Well, since you haven't your Can you hear me?"Presently, with permanent appointment yet—"The

the calmness of despair, she hung superintendent was delicately sugup. The telephone was dead as a gesting that, since she was on prododo. bation, if she wanted to make a flop

"Well, I've got to get hold of myof her first school and lose out, it self!"was her first coherent thought. was her own funeral.

job, worrying use about "No my field doctor will nurse and "A make

I more. any won't have one when visit a soon, you instruct and you this is school reover."term She in the of treatment trachoma, which called the superintendent's reluctant

is the most important of your medthis for to consent her try isolated ical duties,"the superintendent had school. day

"It's a man's school,"the supertold her as she climbed into the bus beside George, whose acquaintance intendent briskly. said had "You just for she had made, the seventy

it could never handle in the world! mile ride to Nakaibito. had He it's seventy miles from here,Why, added hollowly, "Goodbye, Missand a hundred miles from the nearBanning, and the best of luck!"est railroad, and the only other white

person there is the trader!""I want to wish you good luck,

"What's the matter with it, betoo!"said young Dr. Vaile, appearsides loneliness?"had demanded ing suddenly beside the bus, an inMarcia, her fighting blood up. She scrutable expression in his dark

would not trail ignominiously home eyes. "You'll need all you can get!"

after all her big plans! There must His grave face and warm handbe a place for her. clasp had haunted her for most of

"The Indians. They are least the journey across burning desert,

civilized of any on the Navajo reserover steep mountain pass and down vation. They have it in for all govsteeply again into lower, hotter desert land. "I hope there'll be plentyernment employees—consider the

traders their only white friends."of sickness down my way, this year,"

"But why?"Marcia had persisted. she had thought, and amended her

"Don't they appreciate what the inhuman wish with a wry smile, "of government is doing for them? The a perfectly painless sort, of course!"schools, the hospitals—Her mind rushed on now, to

"Not at all!"had said the superthat first embarrassing visit from

intendent, grimly. "Not those in that Dr. Vaile. She had wanted to apdistrict! They resent the governpear so much at ease, so efficient in

A TERRIBLE SENSE OF LONELINESS AND TERROR this difficult position, to show the

OF THE UNKNOWN BESET HER. SHE HAD A doctor his fears for her were utterly

REALIZATIONSUDDEN OF HER POSITION, THE

ONLY WHITE PERSON WITHIN A RADIUS OF groundless. She thought, viciously,

SEVENTY MILES! "It was that field nurse. She made

{Concluded on page 757) aa

CITY

greets you pleasantly with a silentPicture to yourself a city of some 60,000 souls, right in courtesy and a comein hand. How

your midst, sans telephones, did she "hear"the ringing bell? Seeradios, talkies, musicales, singing 4 those tiny electric lamps in the front

canaries and all manner of sounds room and kitchen? They flash onwhich delight or disturb the ear—and off when you press the outside

city peopled by representatives from button. Or there is a trained dogevery state in the Union, perhaps a SILENCE which notifies the household of imfew from your own home town—minent callers after the fashion of

city where there is one common bond tjoLdstfL, psihhafi6L.--buL dogdom.

of mutual understanding, where Come into the bedroom; note thisidentical problems exist in nearly not ituL AifanoL Jthat contraption: in the dark winter

every household and world topics mornings an alarm clock is of no use and home happenings are discussed in arousing deaf sleepers. So they

pro and con, albeit in silence. have the alarm winding key so conAnd yet this is no figment of an nected with this device that when

imaginative mind, nor is there anyBy ARTHUR G.LEISMAN the alarm goes off it releases a weight

thing ghostly or mysterious about President, Wisconsin Association which in turn tilts a slab of wood this city. The people are real, red- o/ the Deaf with sufficient force against the bed

blooded Americans, normal in every to wake the occupant. Some of the

respect save that to them the privhomes have a cord tied to the key to attached the wallilege of hearing and bedroom is denied. They in initiative, sensitiveness, and perit switch;represent the alarm buzzes the entire totally when desires. deaf sonal that Here moves

pulls automatically the switchpopulation this down, of if country; gathof long emotions parade human

light. floodingered the with room together the result would be an or which and make mar a man—loveinteresting deaf a does mother know their of community How own, hatred, sorrow, joy and humor and

is in the her crying baby differentmarkedly dead in many ways life its when tragedy. too, exacts Here,

from any other. demands; here fate rules with a of night? She usually places baby's

Such a city is possible of realizawhimsical or calloused hand, and crib right against her own bed.

tion, in fact has been considered at save for the fact society's cynical atWhenever baby takes a notion to exercises usually cry up he and wake in timeone the halls very of Contitude the deaf people has toward his sufficiently legs to arms cause and itgress, but would not be practical their created problems conbeyond crib vibrate to the the against bed, sociallyor economically and sound trol, they are con- a perhaps more thus the mother. wakingfor sundry reasons. since However, tented, class aggressive of more typical in are This has home we deafeach figuratively person dwells than handicapped people be may radio, musical instrument, no no noin his miniature of sphere own perelsewhere. found telephone. other entertainment Butpetual silence, a conglomeration of will district, residential you The

is in paraphernalia evidence—gamethe individual 60,000 in spheres is less architecturally a observe, imoutfits, tables, projectors, pingpong ittheoretical city makes possible to than posing perhaps, your own,

if care to conthe examine and wevisit at close to hand acquaint and a comparatively fashionable few likely tents the of are wastebasket weoneself the with various aspects is in evidence. being This homes ticket stubs across to brought comepeculiar to the soundless, echoless fact explained that the the door by athletic parties, games, from back ofworld the deaf people. In such an to not opportunity wealth does and hometalent dances. shows, Yes,environment give you longyour may to people. deaf swing wide well, the reasonably deaf dance dosuffering ears rest, far momentary streets the spic All along span and their for sense depending of rhythm thefrom screech of brakes, scream cars; or see parked moving peowe feel the vibrations of the from onof whistles, raucous shouts, of din in ple conversing the other each with of bass pianos drums and your own traffic,moving neighborhood noises. tiny feet sign language; hurrying world.

I think I am qualified to act as home from schools for the deaf.

your guide. My credential card Yonder, above the treetops, loom "pMERGiNG from the home we justreads: Totally deaf for the past the of ancient Coltowers Gallaudet visited street at sign the look wethirtysix affiliated years; state with lege, university only for the the deaf Keller discover are Helen on and weand national organizations the of its in this country. halls In the deaf Street, in the of so honor named

deaf; always active in promoting the students are trained for tomorrow's worldfamous deaf and blind woman.welfare people. and improving the lot of my leadership among their farther a block upon we come A fellow people. arrest your atThose doorbells sitting alone, dejected lady young

As we enter the city I ask you to tention and you wonder. Let us step chin in hand, on the doorsteps of

consider its people as normal beings, inside a typical house for a moment. what might be called the ruins of

no different from your own friends The kindly, cleangarbed housewife (Continued on page 756)

Left to rioht: Joseph J. Cannon, First

Assistant Superintendent; George Q.

Morris, General Superintendent of the

Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association; Burton K.

Farnsworth, Second Assistant Superintendent.

he year wanes. Soon we will be writing 1940 and into history will have passed this strange and troubled

decade. The New Year will commemorate the hundred and twentieth anniversary of the great vision that opened thisT dispensation and the hundred and tenth of the organization of the Church.

Before we reach that time—when we look backward in contemplation and forward with hope—we are to enjoy the

delightful festival of Christmas, which we accept as an appropriate time for all believers in the divinity of Jesus the Christ to rejoice together that He came into the world.

In accepting Christmas we do so heartily with all its associations: cheer and laughter, anticipation and surprise, gifts,

visiting, and music, bright fires in the hearth, the yule log of ancient times burning merrily, the joys of childhood. By forethought we can accentuate all these and perpetuate unto them all of their deeper and sacred meanings.

To Mutual Improvement members the activities of Christmas should be congenial and freighted with all the deeper joyousness that comes with living a fuller life for ourselves, and helping others to find finer compensations in living. The

genius of our work is to broaden the field of happiness, to sweeten social relationships, to make people feel the drama of common things, and to glorify life.

It is also our privilege and assignment to cultivate faith and testimony in the life and work of Jesus Christ, so that the deeper significance of the day has its place in our program and our desires. Into our carols and our rejoicing should enter

the sweet influence of our loving Savior. Some time in the day should come thoughts of His measureless gifts to us, the

gift of the resurrection, the gift of the forgiveness of sins, the gift of His perfect example in the hard experiences of mortality.

In our prayers we should utter our gratitude to Him and the acknowledgment of our unpayable debt.

On this happy occasion we express to you workers in the Mutual Improvement Association our appreciation for your faithful work during the year now drawing to a close and our hope that great joy will come to you in future responsibilities.

May the spirit of our Savior be with you to touch your hearts and give you joy in the holiday season before us and forever.

From the General Super intendency of the Y. M. M. I. A.

and the General Presidency of the Y. W. M. I. A.

Left to right:

Helen S. Williams,

First Counselor, Lucy G. Cannon,

General President of the Young Women's Mutual Improvement Association; Verna W.

Goddard, Second Counselor.

UJhoL Qkonm,CAN THE EARTH DOES THE AVERAGEEVER BECOME BOY AND GIRL HAVE?

OveJipoptulaJjuL By ARTHUR G. TAYLOR

TOBACCO—LIQUOR

The Twin Narcotics of Fashion Must our children be entrapped while yet in their youth, in an enslaving habit that will force them to pay everincreasing daily financial tribute to the tobacco and liquor trusts?

'ALLUREMENTS OF DIRECT Pleasure

ADVERTISING AND SUBPatriotism TLE PROPAGANDA Humor ($50,000,000 A YEAR) Sentiment Taste (Forces of Suggestion and Beauty

Command) Sex Charm Magazine Advertising Ideals Culture minds IV/rANY Example and Imitation over this question—ifhave been agitatedindeed NewspaperBillboards Advertising

it can be estimated with any degree of accuracy. Malthus, of EngElectric Signs ORGANIZED INFLUENCES

land, more than a hundred years Street Car Ads OF SOCIETY ago predicted that in less than a Window Displays ( Combined Forces of Suggestion, century the population of the earth Store Sales Command, and Threat of would normally increase to such an Radio Broadcasting Punishment extent that there would not be room Popular Slogans Direct Influences for all. In reality, the number of Paid Testimonials "Be a Good Sport"

the world's inhabitants has grown Birthday Letters "Can't You Take It?"

"Don't Be Odd"rapidly than was prophesied more Free Samples Sissy?"a Be "Why in infant time. decrease that at The Popular Novels Just "Try It Once"control of mortality epidemthe and

in Stories Moderation"Anything "Do toll Short ics, despite the heavy and wars Spoil the Party""Don't Stars Screen earth's the accidents, increased of "Forget Troubles"Your Strips Comic million six population from hundred It""Everybody's Doing in 1800 to nearly two thousand million in a century. The inhabitants Motivating Appeals Indirect Influence

of Europe alone increased from one { "Satisfaction Guaranteed"Example of Social Leaders at Served million seventyfive to five hundred Dinners—Banquets Pride

at Friends the Bar million. the Moreover, hundred Friendship Sees Pal Smoking in increased yield of the land has

greater ratio, and the ease and speed Social Prestige Society Column WriteUps

Power to do Fashionable—Upto-date faciltransportation, of modern Old Family Tradition "Growing Up"An itating international commerce, make

it possible, according to a statement Leadership Retaliation Measures of Burgdorf, that the earth can acHero Worship The Butt of Ridicule commodate six to eight thousand Protection Left Out of the Party million persons without exhausting Fear of Ostracism Given the Cold Shoulder

Lied About its resources; increased our with and Success for Others'Mistakes Blamed of the nature of laws knowledge Cherished Associations Invited to Date Not

cultivaof and improved methods Special Comfort Favors Withheld tion, its possibilities are yet unsuspected. From the California Are we giving them a square deal? Should they

Department of Public Health Bulnot be shown the other side of this vital matter?

letin. Reprinted [torn "The Narcotic Review,"by request of AntiLiquor-Tobacco Committee

"(fold. 9 Mtw

JtPuL {had.—ONE SMALL DUTCH AmalL and, qteaL,

Ahmet b&fyfxSL d//

(Rev. 20:12) BOY ARRIVES

By A. L. ROGERS

Todaya goodI witnessedman. He thewaslastbroughtrites ofto

his final resting place by a miliafter the turn of the tary escort. A bank of beautiful

side flowers high one on was piled century, inIustthe early nineteen hunsoldiers. of stood a line on the other

dreds, a group of converts was en- A metal casket held the remains which route to Utah. There were Swiss, would soon be lowered into a cement

Danes, Dutch, and English, all unbox covered by a cement lid. A

der the charge of one big brother prayera friend;ofthendedicationa militarywasofficeroffereddressby

missionary, who had his difficulties. ed in a striking uniform read a short

service military of his the over grave that It will ever be no matter how soldiers departed companion. The the group, heterogeneous one or two all fired twice over the body. Then

will stand out from the others for went their several ways.

something or other, which brings us The whole thing was short, quiet, to Peter. and beautiful. Everything was beau-

A wideeyed, eager boy of thirteen laytiful.wasTheonesilentcontinuouscity wherefield ofthegreen.dead

is always interesting, but when he The live city below it was humming valley with busy beyond The trousers too short,wears and much quiet. the lay through ran life.A river his hat,a "cup and saucer"Dutch hills center. low and snowThe

pride and joy, he becomes a specicapped peaks completed the picture.

men. Also, Peter could mutter a Then I thought of the words of the

little English, which almost caused poet, that run like this:

his downfall. The little girl in the "The boast of heraldry, the pomp of

power,case Swiss. blond and She was

all that beauty, all that wealth And greatly desired a slice of bread and *Sk5IIH- e'er gave, jam. Awaits alike th'inevitable hour:

The train pulled into Buffalo very The grave."paths of glory lead but to the

early in the morning, and Peter un- A SHORT—Gray's "Elegy."

derstood the conductor to say that scene Another before came SHORT my minutes.they there fifteen would be I eyes yesterdays. from one of my

to get the little STORY alighted travelingHe promptly with friend was Abe my girl her bread and jam, but when he Bowman (Abraham) on a lonely trail. the frontiers of a neighOnfound the lunch counter it had not

state a found dead we man By boringyet opened. lying at the side of the road. He

The disappointed boy sauntered had been murdered in cold blood, in the shot of back the head while he train, to theback was LEONE AMOTT ROSE but—what lay asleep, driver, exmail to an by

this? train moving! It was was The an old avenge grudge.

going without him! It was gaining The sun and the flies had done their

speed! Without a second thought, work. The scene was almost intolerable, you, let the train that so so much stop. Dear Father when we after raced,Peter ran more it—he to attempted load our him on wagon, please—in Heaven, his legs the longof below showing though a heavy, strong Bowman,

short trousers every minute, and the And the train stopped. It seemed man, nearly fainted. I said, "Come

lovely round hat clutched tightly that a thousand eager hands reached alive, Abe, we must see this thing can't leave him here."We pull aboard. the boy down to The through. ears.over both small Dutch One

finally got loaded him and We thanked wept and God. train mother express the raced overlandboy to took station mail him a lone occuheaded for Chicago. The train Up in the engineer's cabin, one pied by one man. We three dug a

seemed neither to know nor to care, big brother missionary mopped his shallow grave, rolled him in blankets, the best him down we at I the the scatteredbut group station brow. can thank you?"he "How flowers, servno coffin, no andcould—nolowered the at with laughter gratefullyhowled absurd the at the conasked man I there he lies. again Then ice—and

little figure. trols. The burly fellow reached thought of the words of the poet:

From the observation platform over and shook his hand. "Here rests his head upon the lap of

Eartha mother, surrounded risk "If kin life climbin'sympaby yer you to fortune and to fame un- A youth thetic friends, held out her a engine, to hands coach sure'n as frum me known."

though to reach through space and I'll stop me train fer yer little lad The highway and motor car havehelp her son—which she did—not any old day."long since left that lonely spot looking outphysically, over a wild country. But but spiritually: missionary breathed prayer: a The

there will time these a come when "Dear Father this the in Heaven, I canwith Lord's help he'd get the men, the high will two low, and not go without him. Please, I beg crowd safely to Salt Lake. stand before God to be judged.

EMBOSSING BIBLES FOR THE BLIND By C. F. GREEVESCARPENTER

be deprived of the Bible, of 1917 the system became standardNearing the end of a long treatise, literature, and magized so that it is adaptable to prache met Mr. and Mrs. John M.TOgeneral

azines would indeed be tertically any language, and is the Longyear of Brookline, Massarible; we would feel isolated and only method now taught in the chusetts, and they were so imrobbed of a vast store of happiness. elementary schools for the blind. pressed with his industriousness

Yet such was the fate of all blind The Braille "cell,"as the six and his indomitable spirit that they people until the middle of the ninedots are termed, provides sixtyoffered him $10,000.00 with which

teenth century, for up to that three combinations which form the to establish a printing house for time they were dependent on the alphabet, all punctuation signs, the blind. In addition to the capikind thoughtfulness of their friends contractions, suffixes and prefixes, tal amount, they guaranteed him

and relatives to read to them. notations for mathematics, chem- a salary for the first five years.

The first inkprint edition of the ical symbols, and music. The organization which he

King James'version of the Bible Three grades of Braille have founded is dedicated to the social, made its appearance in 1611, but been developed in America since industrial, and literary advanceit was not until several years later its official adoption. Grade One ment of the adult blind, on a nonthat experimental work was underemploys only the characters for profit, nonsectarian basis. It spontaken to produce some system of the letters of the alphabet, punctusors the printing of books and magraised letters by which the blind ations, and numerals and is the azines in Braille and Moon type;

could read through their sense of most simplified form. Grade One it maintains a free lending library,

touch. and a Half has a limited number and gives free instruction in readNothing very definite was of contracted forms, such as a sign ing and writing Braille and in the

achieved until John Allston of for "and,""the,""of,"etc., but reading of Moon, and in typeGlasgow designed a system of Grade Two is a highly contracted writing.

raised Roman letters in which the form. In the early days, Mr. Atkinson

Gospel of St. John was published searched the country over thorin 1832. This was the first book Cpecial paper is necessary for oughly, but could not find any adeof the Bible ever to be issued for Braille books. A twentyeight quate Braille printing machinery

the blind in England, but it was pound sulphite or rag content paper available. Nothing daunted, he set

not until eight years later that the is first dampened to its saturation to work with the aid of a mechancomplete Bible was published. point, and the embossing of the ical engineer to develop and conExperimentation at that time was Braille dots is done while the paper struct a stereotyper which has conalso progressing in the United is in that condition. Allowed to siderably raised the standard of

States, and in Boston the Perkins dry, the dots harden and will withBraille printing, for it permits

Institution for the Blind, working in stand considerable reading before embossing on both sides of the conjunction with the American they wear down to a point where paper, so fine is the adjustment or

Bible Society, developed the "Bosthey would be illegible. registration of the plates. This

ton Line Letter"and all the books Braille type can be set just as system is known as interpointing, of the Bible were printed in that quickly as with ink copy, and proof and as soon as one side of the page type in 1844. can be as easily pulled and coris embossed, the plate is mechanTo a Frenchman, though, berected as with inkprint work unically reversed and shifts into

longs the credit for developing a less the error is a lengthy one of proper position for interpointing on system which has since become omission. the reverse of the page.

universal. Louis Braille, himself In 1920 the Universal Braille

blind, became a teacher of the Press, which was acquired in 1934 TThe Braille Bible Society, a disblind, and in 1829 he perfected a by the Braille Institute of America, tinct corporate entity, is housed system of raised dots, based on the Inc., entered the field of embossed in the same building as the Braille

domino, which could be both writprinting for the blind. The foundInstitute of America, but Mr. Atten as well as read by the blind. er of the Institute, Mr. J. Robert kinson is manager of both and a

This was not officially adopted in Atkinson, lost his sight at the age member of both boards.

France until 1 854, two years after of 25 when working as a cowboy The Society is a nonprofit, nonhis death. Later it was modified in Montana. When that misforsectarian institution, chartered unfor use in English, becoming known tune overtook him, he found that der the laws of California to supply

then as English Braille. In 1860 the literature which was available the King James'version of the Bible

this system was introduced in for the blind was of a quite limited free to the blind, or at the least posAmerica by one of the trustees of nature. Mr. Atkinson then enlisted sible expense to them, commenthe Missouri School for the Blind the aid of a sighted person to read surate with available funds in the

and, with modifications, it became scientific works to him which he Society's treasury. The Society

known as American Braille. In transcribed on a Braille typewriter. distributes the Bible at the special

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1939

rate of $1.00 a volume to blind the elderly blind who seem not to however, are printed so that the

people in Canada, New Zealand, have the highly sensitive nerves in text runs from left to right on one

Australia, E n g la n d, Scotland, the tips of their fingers which line and from right to left on the

France, Italy, Spain, the Philippine younger people possess. Reading next, a practice which requires the

Islands, Hawaii, South Africa, Inby blind people is, of course, done reader to work back and forth.

dia, Egypt, and the United States. by passing the tip of the index The Institute has also developed an

The nonprofit distribution cost of finger over the embossed lines. interlining process by which Moon

Bibles distributed by the Society When a person is very adept he type for the first time could be averaged over $170.00 in 1934 for can read more quickly by using the printed on both sides of the paper.

the complete Bible. Naturally tips of both the index and second This naturally makes the volumes

there are comparatively few who finger. less bulky, and is a considerable

could afford to pay this sum; so, The characters in the Moon typesaving in expense.

owing to voluntary contributions, raised alphabet are of great simThe American Bible Society disthe Society adopted the policy of plicity and, being angular in outtributes the Bible in Moon type, supplying the Scriptures without line, most of them are recognizable which is embossed on one side of cost to those unable to pay, and at a glance by a sighted person. the paper only, by the Moon Soto those better situated at the low All Moon type literature was ciety, Brighton, England. The

price of $1.00 a volume. To date, produced in England until recently. complete Bible comprises fiftythe Society has distributed to blind The Braille Institute of America eight volumes, weighing one hunBible students over seventeen thouhas now equipped its plant so dred and ninetyfive pounds.

sand volumes. By special Act of that Moon type books and magCongress, the United States Post azines could be published in A splendid feature in binding

Office aids in the distribution of all America, and improved the method all books for the blind, and one literature for the blind by allowing of reading so that the lines run which might well be adopted for all such books to circulate to and from from left to right as in inkprint book binding, is that there is a libraries for the blind without books. The English volumes, bookmarker bound in with each

charge through the U. S. mails. A volume. The title is embossed on

recent amendment to the Postal the outside cover at a point where laws makes possible a special rate the fingers would naturally rest in of one cent a pound on Bibles for removing a volume from the bookthe blind when sold at cost or less, HIGH HOPE shelf.

or to be mailed free when given to By ORVAL HAFEN The Braille Institute of America it requiredthe blind. for the three Formerly magazines activities of issues all the Primarily,

blind:about to send a comBraille Mirror,"$18 postage "The expressions are the Church

plete Braille Bible in 21 volumes of the conviction that the "March of Events,"and "New from Los Angeles to a blind reader principles of Christianity are the Moon"; the two former are in

in New York. Now it will go for only saving forces in the world; Braille and the latter is in Moon

about $1.35 postage, or free if it that no man can be counted a suctype. It also prints a number of

is a gift. cess who does not have faith in secular and religious journals unsides not take does God, who agencies. contract for various Braille Bible Society the In 1927

the right, for aggressively who der the value of first great Considering verthepublished King James'effort does not a conscious make sion of the Bible in Braille interto develop spirituality, who does literature in the spiritual and tempointing. The complete Bible has, not believe in the worth of souls poral education of the blind and in

therefore, been considerably reand in the soundness of the ideal their rehabilitation, there is, without duced in size, though it is still treof service above self. doubt, nothing so important to the

mendous when compared with an Religion is an expression of physically blind as good Braille inkprint copy on India paper, for these convictions, and the Church and Moon type literature. Various

it comprises twentyone volumes is the vehicle which translates organizations such as state liinto activity. conthem These to braries, etc., maintain teachers pounds. seventytwo weighsand

victions in sonot survive would blind help educate the blind in the art are There over 120,000 in the nor ciety without Church, persons in the United States alone the individual if he did not beof reading Braille dots and the who would be without the joy of come and remain active in the more simple Moon type.

reading and correspondence had Church, and so, in spite of the The progress which has been it not been for the inventive genius time and the effort it requires made in the present century in the of Louis Braille, but many of them from those who are called upon art of preparing literature for the would still be without the pleasure to man it, in spite of its mistakes, blind is truly remarkable. The deof books had it not been for the in spite of the human frailties of velopment of the "Talking Book"

its listlessspite in leaders, of the in ofdevelopment in 1934, another system books whole by which ness indifference the and on specially part could debe recorded on William 1847 by Dr. Moon of its spite in of members, of many

Brighton, England. of the discouragements which signed and timed records, was a

Dr. Moon, totally blinded at 21, often beset those who work in it, further step forward which will

based his system on raised angular in spite of all that can be said prove of inestimable value not only letters similar to Roman characters, against the Church and its leaders, to the blind but to those who, by with numerals somewhat like the it is yet our only hope in a mudreason of their work, must conArabic ones. His system, known dled world. We must believe in serve their eyesight. When the

as Moon type, is not adapted for it, and we must continually give complete Bible has been trancorrespondence, and is only in use it our best efforts in the high hope scribed to the "Talking Book,"it will bring joy and gladness to thefor printing. Books and magazines ofa bettermakingworld.a reality its dream ofin Moon type find much favor with hearts of thousands.

CONDUCTED BY MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

{BodIul.

MATEO AND LOLITA for(Burr Durfee and Helen and John CHRISTMAS

McMorris, Illustrated, Houghton Mifflin

Company, Boston, 1939. 63 pages.

$1.25.) INtothistell book,in wordtheandauthorspicture.haveThea truepictures,story

which are actual photographs, tell a poignant story of old Mexico, her customs, her landscapes, and her peoples. Through the

experiences of these two little Mexican children, children in other countries will find their own horizons broadened. One feature

of the book to be especially commended is the list of difficult words which have been correctly pronounced.

VAL RIDES THE OREGON TRAIL (Sanford Tousey, Illustrated, Doubleday,

Doran and Company, Inc., New York,

1939. $1.00.)

Reviving the stories of the covered wagon trek across the great plains, this tale of Val, his sister, Matt, and their parents,

Mr. and Mrs. Adams, stirs the blood of

descendants of pioneers whose ancestors forded rivers, braved Indian dangers, buffalo stampedes. However, the real hero of

the whole story is the pintsize mule, Jinny.

COCK-A-DOODLEDOO (Written and Illustrated by Berta and

Elmer Hader, Macmillan Company,

New York, 1939. $2.00.)

THIS story of Little Red, a chick hatched through takes ducklings, him with some and Greggy Karol Markinka it thought benefit their without for wrote little just chicks to getting of adventuresthe WHEN from to sent Switzerland other its published. But were young Skodin being of the through to pass him.like had He been their had which grandparents home, parents and Rumanian folk many and owl, the the the crow, black wherewoods

just flood, began they this story, a obtain to will now by washed away be happy the fox would have raccoon, the andskunk, of coopertrue the it meaning is to understand printed. that if not of been him, he had quick workmade

the nations. book ation Although of six, had in oldest among a family the Kate, hide. towise enough

for it is food for child's of has book, much watching a particular assignment her to adults safe. thought livestock the among who are eager keep wolves and helping NUBBINA PONY NAMED

its learn among of experibe incorporated share peace can how family had The Farley(Martin Van Doren, and Margaret Gale

Indian cholera, ence with trouble—which VikingThe Press, New York, 1939.

occasioned usually by the was whites—and nations.with childrenHowfromtheyall overbecamethe world,acquaintedand $2.00.)74 pages.

is born a Shetland pony problem make delightfully provocative in the about. theirWHEN the heat. Kate's pony Pet is one to dream how those other children helped them in

life is largely her weather, cold March reading.

a matter of chance. But Nubbin was found THE TRAIL OF THE BUFFALOby the two children of the farm, carried to (Rutherford Montgomery, Illustrated by A GIRL WHO WOULD BE QUEEN

shelter and given care by a veterinary. Kurt Wiese, Houghton Mifflin Company, (Eric P. Kelly and Clara Hoffmanowa,

Nubbin was doomed to be a small pony Boston, 1939. 218 pages. $2.00.) Illustrated, A. C. McClurg and Co.,

pages. $2.00.) 201 1939. Chicago, birth. the Sue, of time her the ofbecause

Elk, Little of Chief Eagle, son Sun SINCElittle sister, to her and learned manage how the of young diary story and bull buffirst the Tins white to the see was in the family. remainedNubbin indoubly Krasinska Countess makes the assigned him falo, the medicine man

the that learn teresting reading when we to the robe white the of bringing task FARLEY, PIONEERKATE is has historical research that and in material adventures Eagle's tribal lodge. Sun Illustrated Esther Waite,(Written and by create to in instituted order carefully been captivity into him led of search Hump 1939. Press, York, VikingThe New KraFrancoise authentic background. an into into storms, soldiers, the white among $1.75.) pages.82 prince the to sinska, crown marriage whose to Finally, much however, Hump, hunger.

beentitled her to of should have Poland story authentic welcome any we fitting released joy, in a wasGladly the forfeited country, of that queen come years hundred nearly a of those days will be all and many girls boys for herself. Alfor him both and crown coveredago, wagons made when story. the read their way—andSunglad Eagle'sto have

that a to slender the clung hope she though littlethe journey overslow, hazardous known prairies. This story, told often by S. O. S. GENEVA united Poland would recall its own, when

Kate Farley to her own children, was not (Richard Plant and Oscar Seidlin, she learned that the Duke of Courland being remembered bv her three greatIllustrated, The Viking Press, New York, wanted her to assume the title of wife, granddaughters. Several years ago, she 1939. 246 pages. $2.00.) (Continued on page 738)

D KJ

THE LIE TWILIGHT THERE IS A SONG WITHIN ME

elf is a drowsy Twilight out: within song is a pinned four across medals me crying my breast:They at close of Sleepyeyed song of rushing white shining, wind, Beribboned polished and and day. THEREA

fall, treasures his pockets with From swift wings, blood.

That was an honor everyone said: Garnered from fairies blithe at play. And how it stirs my heartbeats when it

Four medals, four sons, all laid to rest. A thread of silver unheeded, falls; And sings,how it whirls my world all 'round

The eldest was tall, laughing, and golden; A web of crimson, a net of gold, about

The youngest was dark, with serious eye; A misty haze and a bag of dreams My song.... And how it makes a long,

The others were twins, playmates and comSlip unheeded from 'twixt each fold. loud shout

rades: Into the blue and golden sunfilled air,

Four medals an honor—God, what a lie! Then the world is dreaming in beauty And dances like a rainstorm everywhere,

And stars begin to glow And beats with crystal teardrops, crying

Red paper poppies on dirty street corners, The earth is hushed to silence out!

A tired hand holding pencils and laces. As a reverent moon bows low.... Until I whisper at it, calm and sure,They should have honors, I'm only the—Jean Jones, 17. And quiet all its wild, wide turbulence

mother: To peace. Oh, not for long, long ages

Four sons, four medals, four lifeless young hence faces. Shall my song learn the patience to endure,

Barbara Parrish, Age 19. 1 CAN TELL All waiting to be free.... And yet, who

knows? may be where my song goes. <Bl I T can tell when Thanksgiving is near, A miracle

THE STARS IN WINTER HeForactsonastheif shedhe woulda turkeylike I tocansay,hear.—Lael Woolsey, Age 18.

isn't "Thanksgiving far away. pretty stars are very now.The I'll gobble, So gobble while here, I'm shine high. bright so and They

the is For Great Feast near."very I all flowers that the I think loved

Have gone—Ethelup to Darlenethe sky. Bronson, Age 5. I can tell when Thanksgiving is coming,

For in the kitchen my mother is humming,

Making pies and chocolate cakes;

While in the oven the turkey bakes.

An odor of cooking is in the air;

And pies and goodies are everywhere.

I can tell when Thanksgiving is close,

For of company, we have an overdose!

There are Grandma, Grandpa, aunt and cousin!

All from the city they come a buzzin'

To join us in offering Thanksgiving, LIFE, LOVE, AND DEATH

And it's then that life is worth living.

—Manola Jones, Age 13. LIVINGLife isandcompleteloving inandthedying,three; THE PICTURE OF A SHIP

Smiling or sobbing or sighing,

T sat and watched the ship, Which is for you or for me?

* And through the sails I saw Hoping and struggling and striving,

Far lands not known to me: Dreaming success by and by;

Japan and Africa. ButWewhetherlive andwe'rewe drivenlove andor wedriving,die.

I sailed by Mandalay And fought in Borneo; Aiming and hitting and missing,

I passed Magellan's Straits, Life is complete in the three;

And into blinding snow. The fickle world praising or hissing.

is for for or you me? Which I explored lands, unknown

limping creeping, or or off pirates, too, Striding chased And heartlessly us by; Time drives I crossed the seven seas

I and my spectre crew. MeetingWe liveandandpartingwe loveand andweeping,we die.

I weathered fiercest storms And dived right into war; Yearning, rejoicing and mourning,

I barely escaped death Life is complete in the three;

On a lonely sandbar. Sackcloth or garland adorning,

is for for or me? you Which PIED PIPER THE WIND I of dreamed mystery,

little our of stretched The day web all rest; the of and Love sigh; sob or a Meshes a night autumn shone when the moon an Indian One tattoo I had joyless or Joyful or wretched,

Inscribed chest. upon my live love and and we we die. the up in starstudded sky, We Waybright

I landed on bare isles All the autumn leaves said hello to the

Where earthquakes shook beneath; breeze Wishing and fearing and fretting,

I died, and o'er my grave And to the trees they said goodbye. Life is complete in the three,

Was placed a rosy wreath. The trees swayed and moaned and bitterly World's remembrance or forgetting,

groaned, Which is for you or for me?

I found the adventure But the breeze sang the Pied Piper's song; Gnarled and knotted and tangled,

I thought my child's mind craved And then it would laugh at the trees in the The skeins of our little lives lie;

In that great pictured ship wrath Mudspattered or jewelbespangled,

As she the breakers braved. As the leaves all fluttered along. We live and we love and we die.

—Elaine Stevens, Age 15.—Carol Chamberlain, Age 16.—Byron Wilson White, Age 19.

HELLO, LIFE! Alchemist,"these poems, andalthough"Why."it doesOne notof

ToTalmageTHE countlessBrandley,friendsthe welcomeof Elsie reconcileing so soon,us atto leastMrs. robsBrandley'sher untimelypassnews comes that her writings death of its bitterest sting. It is

have been published for the first time titled "Quest,"and we reprint it here under one cover. In this volume of 264 as a sample of the exquisite writing

pages have been included many of of this gifted young woman:

her poems, editorials, and the "Flames that once gleamed high are newspaper column, "Hello, Life!"embers, dull and gray;

which becomes the significant title of Perfume from petaled rose lives but her collected writings. This column a day.

was published under the name of Lights in young eyes have given place

Brenda Lee (Brandley). to tears;

Into our homes, as honored guest, Warmth from red lips has cooled

Elsie Talmaqe Brandley can now ELSIE TALMAGE BRANDLEY adown the years.

visit, forbrief but not for a come, all restless to get on heart is my Now to ever, able obtain of being the literthrough our chairman as well as Era, loveliness place the where Seeking living her words. the buoyancy, Her of Utah Academy department ary

has gone!"vitality, ability, Letters. her her love her She Arts, and of of Sciences,

life are all manifest in these writings deserves special mention also as The book may be purchased of hers, the compilation of which has mother of seven lovely daughters as through the Deseret Book Store in been a labor of love on the part of one well as being the worthy daughter Salt Lake City, Utah. Its cost is

who knew her intimately and loved of worthy parents, May Booth Tal- $1.50. The readers of The Improveher deeply, Helen Spencer Williams. mage, who served on the Young ment Era will be eager to secure this

Mrs. Brandley will be long rememWomen's General Board, and Dr. volume in order to partake of the

bered for her achievements as a memJames E. Talmage, a member of the spirit of Elsie Talmage Brandley, that

ber of the General Board of the Quorum of the Twelve until the time they may feel the same zest in living

Young Women's Mutual Improveof his death. that gave purpose to her life. They

ment Association, as Editor of the Among the wellloved poems inwill also find that it makes an excepYoung Woman's Journal, and Assocluded in this volume are "Mothers,"tionally worthy Christmas present. ciate Editor of The Improvement "For Six at Christmastide,""The—M. C. J.

PLANETS, STARS, AND ATOMS Donohue and Company, New York, 1939. of the Iroquois,""The Pueblos of the Southwest."$1.00.) 127 pages. (George Caxton Edwin Frost, The

is Inthis the pageant of moving Deeply Printers, Ltd., Caldwell, Idaho, to the is a real contribution book ]. Americas. C. civilization the of M. dian 1939. T'hjs287 pages. $3.00.) atfolklore of These legends, America.

scenic to frequently are they as tached MAUD is title its just suggests, book what storiesThis similarities to striking Lee spots, arranged have (Edited by Richard and in of a treatment elementary an way in to the information lands other and Strout. from Company, Macmillan New York,

the infinitely in great the bodies universe Bible. the 1939. $3.50.) pages. 593

(stellar infinitely galaxies) the small and alphabetically, are arranged legends The bodies (atoms) out of which the large ones according to the states of the Union. PreThis is truly one of the most delightful

are created. The author begins by disfacing each of the state divisions is a sketch volumes that one could ever wish to

cussing briefly the instruments used by of the Indian tribe or tribes who dwell there. read. Based on journals kept faithfully for

man to wrest the secrets out of this distant The unquestioned value of the book is en- a period of fourteen years, from the time and microscopic unknown. The author hanced by the eleven beautifully executed she was sixteen until she was thirty, this

then proceeds to tell us what the scientist color plates and the numerous black and book reveals the interests and the delightful has learned about our earth, the moon, the white drawings inserted throughout. It is humanness of Maud Rittenhouse, who is

sun, and the stars. Throughout this disinteresting to note that the frontispiece is recognized in literature. Into this refreshcussion one is impressed by the eternity of Bryce Canyon, Utah.—M. C. /. ing revelation of girl and young woman,

time, past and future, the infinitely great the wholesomeness of the relations between interstellar spaces, and the enormity of INDIANS OF THE AMERICAS parents and children cannot help being obheartily recomis most served. This bookmatter universe. in the latter part of The Illustrated. Houghton R. Embree, (Edwin

understand young would all who mended to discussion gives a fine of thethe book pages. Mifflin 1939. 253 Boston, Company,

atomic structure of matter, what is energy, $2.75.) womanhood. M. C. J.

the properties of the ether, the theories of enlightening of this first chapter BAY, BLACK, the CHESTNUT AND relativity,gravitation the nature and and IN lithographs original (Text and by ironically called, enough, "White book, light, radiation, fullof and sound. Thirty

page illustrations add much of interest to Magic,"the whites are led to wonder just C. W. Anderson, Macmillan Company,

the reader and to the clarity and underhow much good our civilization has done New York, 1939. $2.50.)

Saints the must Latterday Indians. among text. the ofstanding the lifelike horses the of sketches are that statement the issue, course, of with take So is written with an ease and book The turf history have made whose names all stock. are of Indians Mongoloid it thatsimplicity delightful reading makes reader that the years the past during few analysis of scholarly the Mayan The allfor groups. Professional lay age and to fully expects from them walk and whinny little period of civilization recreates a known real alikepeople a few hours of spend can captured. the they have been pages which on the the of history. In of writing conquest relaxation theseenjoyment pursuing and picbeautifully to executed the addition In states, the author of Aztecs Mexico, "Anyin detail store the of endpages a have and artistauthor tures the horses, the has of relics studies that records the one and who microscopicabout our macroscopic and capture written sketches thumbnail which in recognize that survived must have Mexico

universe, appreciation the of an magnitude, spirits racers. of the the some mention To empire vigorous the crushed Europeans a

it all,beauty, better of and wonder and a that every the been of on have names civilirepair shattered noble and a beyond the position in ofperspective the of man o'learn about tongue War, we also Man zation."gives a War compreauthor The

physical universe about Waune host of Seabiscuit, as well as a Admiral, culture. him.—Dr. to the approach Inca hensive

B. Hales, Pro/, o/ Physics, B. Y. U. From these "Classic Indian Cultures,"others who, if not so familiarly known by

Mr. Embree turns his attention to "North the masses of people, have at least deserved

INDIAN LEGENDS OF AMERICAN American Indian Life,"to give us sympathe position they have won in the who's

SCENES thetic and authoritative pictures of the "Life who of horsedom.—M. C. /.

(Marion E. Gridley, Illustrated. M. A. on the Western Plains,""The United States (Concluded on page 740)

WHEN ANGELS SPEAK BABY KNITTING GROWTH (John 12:29) By Genneva Dickey Watson By C. LeRoy Hatch

Claude By Weimer kind of rhythm makes a older as God: I grow KNITTING OH heartsbeating the of Like let two that part Don't of me, that therefore people

other, the The without one stood by, Never for enlightenment, That makes my it thundered: it, said heard And counterparts. the are For two sea. stagnant a Become said, angel Others spake "An

To him."And so they wondered. Happy secrets shape my knitting Don't let my inside columns

stitch boot grows, small Stitch a by stiff built strong so Be and then, we, they were so still are As fitting is mind busy And my they cannot That be altered uncertain. Divided and little toes. Little to shoes better along. Should come hear, see Dulleared dimeyed we we

Still a curtain. through vaguely knitting, is within joy There my build there Don't chambers

purl knit of love and Woven stout walls within So littlemy fuss while along grope and is And we asking: inner mind But my can't verandas be They made

little I things, girl? for wonder With or Knitting boy a stretching, halls. silent Or to times us speaks many God How

knitting is thunder. within only hear caught And Peace we my let tiny Don't windows my waitingdays quiet these In

sunlight room, from Keep my it, find hearts Lord, you baby, to in tune our seek may Oh, keep my fail the ones then broad Nor ways! peaceful only truths us, that know so And confound The

the gloom. away To letshut m shall angels That speak we when know

And heaven is all around us. GOSSIP But make my house so plastic

By Ada Mathews Long As up the trail I wind

ABSTINENCE started the rumor that gray skies I'll make it fit the corners Who That I am sure to find. bleak? are By Bertha A. Kleinman

delightfully gay. I find them

NEED no thunderous bolt from Sinai, They promise a change, always good for GOODNIGHT soul, theI hurling a mandate page, from stony No Elizabeth Norris By Hauev at play. raindrops snowflakes and And

if, I in sound some wanton moment,To girl if ittle with tresses, golden defile sullyShould heritage; and reigns my Sol so desert the here Old on Out *-'Kneel say, you and down "God bless fall to need no firmament venging much

us. I shall bring to dishonor name, face.IWhen his veil o'er my needs gray a He Fold little stubby vour hands,Lo! cryptic writing than more the wall forget is on just cannot that so he And

Tired from digging in the sands; is to riven flame; in soul deedThe place. a a time clouds my have and That

My image, cast in mould of the divine, Close your blue, inquiring eyes;

Shall then be but a desecrated shard, I love zestful patter of rain on the town, God will see you, in His skies.

Nor all the tears that flow can superfine, The rhythm of soft falling snow.

Nor angels mend the fabric that is marred. That misguided person who thought gray Now, dear, hop you into bed;

little skies bleak prayers All your are said; likeness mirrors whose Thou in my soulO

Malicious long, your old gossip, I know! All is past; sweet day give and selfcontrol!God me abstinence

You can cuddle down at last.

Rest your two small, twinkling feet

HIGH COMMAND That have romped the dusty street!

By Edith Ogden Kiss me, little rosy elf.

yourself. "Goodnight"—compose

The first time since the dawn;Thetherainstreethad scarcely ceased when down There!Say

rest tongue to wee has gone! old shuffled, turning tramp our Your throughAn I'm turning light. the out Now gate.

Off to dear. dreamland, Goodnight!I thought, be hungry, to wait not he must

eat beforeFor dryer walks he asked to feet, FRIENDSHIP another's meal. fromRemainders His

I saw, were soaked as he came through my By W. W. Christensen

gate.

His gentle plea I answered with a plate /\ne gave me words of kindness

Of eggs and bacon; he was starved for V-'When clouds obscured my day,

meat! But left me with my burden

To hurry on his way.

I wanted then, to ask about his name

And why he was in this condition now; One clasped my hand in silence

His grave respect forbade all speech. SomeNever a word said he;

how, But till the way was brighter,

I felt a sense of honor that he came He shared the load with me.

To ask his food from me that I might keepThe High Command thrice given—"Feed Each gave an eager token

my sheep."Of friendship full and free,

Photo by Carola Gregor. But more than words I cherished

CRYING SINGING SILENCE The friend who walked with me.

By Marion Piatt By Celia Larsen WORDS all the world Yes, to bed, By Dott Sartori gone Has Without my work

I am a wild swan And so should I. "VOU have decked me

Flying for his love and crying; And yet * With glowing words

I am a cold hand, There is magic silence singing, Brighter than Christmas candles

Crying for a glove. And I would sing in silence, too. Reflected in children's eyes.

fopeLOti

EARLY RECORDS AT visited and work done on the grounds. a new building of brick, concrete, and

RELIGIOUS EXHIBIT In 1936 Mr. Nelson was selected to block glass construction has been comto the adjacent pleted plan the High supervise landscaping of Murray and of rare documents and A collection

to the house Stake School the at Cottonwood Pioneer cemetery Mormon * early records history from Church office, seminary. Containing an two of considered Nebraska, one Omaha, the Stendahl to loaned GalArt was

lavatories, classrooms, the and the the of new noted landmarks West. leries, for Angeles, and Los shown

inwill possible structure an make before, years organized he had 1, as Three beginning weeks, two November enrollment. creased Frank the school Mcand promoted W. Oakwood of part a display of and books manuis principal. first project, Ghie in place nawhich won scripts churches of sponsored various

tional In competition. years, recent Conference, Religious the University by INSTITUTE MUSIC the architect landscape Church new the with in connection operated UniBEGINS SEASON of landscaping the of charge has had California, versity of Angeles Los

branch. the St. George Temple grounds. Come twelve stakes in the Salt Lake

* district in prerepresented the were HisPrincipally the from Church SEMINARY GETS MURRAY liminary of the meetings 193940 inexhibit office, torian's the Church BUILDING NEW Institute, Church opened Music which first edition the of of cluded: a Book

projas a cooperative Tndertaken of October 22 School at the McCune together with two photoMormon, stake and the three ect by the the Music. Throughout Church, of from *-* manuscript static reproductions

which the book was printed; a first Murray wards, assisted by the Church, classes are arranged at a nominal fee

edition of the Doctrine and Covenants;

a first edition of the Pearl of Great

Price; letters written by Joseph Smith to

Robert D. Foster on March 11, 1840,

and to Charles E. Rich, April 29, 1844;

volume IV of Times and Seasons; a

daguerrotype of old Nauvoo; an epistle

sent by the Council of Twelve Apostles from Salt Lake City, August 7, 1847, to Church members who had reached

California by sailing vessel; mastheads of several early Church publications.

CHURCH ARCHITECTS SET UP STANDARDS At the call of the Presiding Bish- * opric, architects of Church buildings from the intermountain area, California, and Canada, met in Salt Lake

O.ty on October 12 to discuss standardization of contract procedure and receive instruction in a beautification and

maintenance program for Church strucMISSIONARIES LEAVING FOR THE FIELD FROM THE SALT LAKE MISSIONARY HOME tures. ARRIVED OCTOBER 9, 1939—DEPARTED OCTOBER 29, 1939

Bishop Ashton announced that buildLeft to right, first row: William C. Tanner, Jr., Wilma Hoopes, Clara Morrill, Gwen Gibbie, Alta Morrill,

ing contracts amounting to $700,000 Ruth SecondHansen,row:Sally PresidentPetersen, DonTheldaB. Colton,Moss, EugeneDon L. W.Nielsen,Hill. Verna Ackroyd, Ruth Erickson, Leah Lovell, Ida

have already been approved this year. Whitaker, Louise Taylor, Clara Jensen, H. Thomas Newman, William J. Chambers.

Another $250,000 is expended annually Mrs. MildredThird row:Shafer,WillardWoodrowRay Anderson,Wagstaff, LeGrandeGrant A. W.Foulger,Kearns,J. KeithKeith Anderson.Tolman, Maurine Beck, Hermese Hatch,

for maintenance of buildings evaluated Fourth row: Roy Hanson, Wendell Pierce, Ralph Alvin Willis, Lewis Jolley, Spencer Hunn, Morris

B. Papa.conservatively at $70,000,000. New Miller,FifthReedrow:Lindsay,T. J.RobertNeerings,M. Cardon,Mark J. LorinFreeman,Hogan,JohnJuliusJ. Haley,

construction has in recent years amount- A. Aamodt, George E. Triplett, Joseph Lucas Sellars, Ralph G. Chalker,RichardNormanN. Westover,W. Torgerson.Uriel B. Todd, Clifford

ed to as much as $3,000,000. AlfredSixthReed row:Adams,WilliamIra Young,WallaceElmoAlbrand,Scott, GrantMelvinC. LouisCluff, Coombs,Arthur J. RandallSperry, Hillyard,Win. E. Berrett,Robert instructor.Sherman Taylor,

Nelson, Nielson, Tippets, A. Johnson. Jenning Wallace A. C. Lyman

L.BEAUTIFICATION AIM W. RichardSeventhEighth row: Farres H. Nyman, David Ray Stone, Jr-, Lorin G. Folland, Jr., Thomas Doxey, Marvin Curtis, Fife, row: Dennis Randolf Wight, B. Gardner, WilfordOF CHURCH PROJECTS George Vernon Peterson, Lorin Owens, Erven E. Brundage, Paul B. Lemon, DelmontJ. L. Jaussi.Hayes, Joseph William Gunn,

Increasing interest in the beautificaNinth row: Joseph Roe Armstrong, Leland E. Hiltbrand, James M. Pope, Jr., Eugene W. Bringhurst.

* tion of Church, public, and private MISSIONARIESARRIVEDLEAVINGOCTOBERFOR THE30, 1939,FIELD DEPARTEDFROM THE SALTNOVEMBERLAKE 13,MISSIONARY1939 HOME grounds is reported by Irvin T. Nelson, Left to right, first row: Keith Barber, Thomas Wright, Ardell Schwendiman, Edith Dunn, DeVone Andreasen,

recently appointed landscape architect Joyce Bulkley, Beth Sheffield, Helen Berrett, Bruce B. Clark, Leslie Myers.

for the Church, who last month comMrs. DeanSecondBischoff,row: PresidentLois H. Schmid,Don B.HattieColton,S. RexLoosli,A. MelvinWallgren,J. Done,Dan M.RobertEastman,H. Malan,SlyviaW. Burton,E. Berrett,Cleoneinstructor.Rogers,

pleted tours of Utah and southern Idaho Third row: Mark Zohner, Milton D. Gardner, Wayne H. Johnson, Grace Dean, Josephine Parrish, Florence

to promote community improvement Davis, FourthGenevieverow:Hatton,Reid NortonBird, RobertDean Nixon,G. Sorensen,Leon Sullivan,Wallace BillieD. Ellison,F. Fatheringham.Lillian Kirby, Melvin Harless, Mary C.

and to direct work projects and orVander Does, Gordon V. Barney, Willard B. Farr, Phil Derricott.

ganize groups for the longtime conParrish,FifthGoldenrow: S.DimondLloyd, M.WendellLoosli, Hart,RaymondVirgilChapman,W. Jones,JosephNormanW. Brown,Renel Smith.Jay A. Quealy, Jack R. Tittensor, Mary

tinuance of the beautification program. Sixth row: Richard Dailies, Ira Judy, G. Emmett Staples, A. Errol Nielson, Quayle M. Waddell, Ross

Larsen, Sanders, Grant Hyde. G. Loraine Dean H. Ward, illustrated deliveredArchitect Nelson

L. Leflen, row: I. Stutzman, Seventh Reed L. Dennis Walker, Thomas James D. Dornia, Charles W. Arnett,

in beautification numerouslectures on Allen. Ipsen, Noel Lindberg, Cook, Glen E. Jay Lewis G. Knudsen, Don

B. Toolson, Nielson, Bischoff, Frischnecht, Richard row: Neil Eighth J. Bischoff, Harold H. Dean James preliminary cities and made andtowns

Perkins, Thompson. Ralph N. Benson, Douglas Jones, T. Darwin and Thodore for Church contemplateddrawings Glrn, P. Henry Karl Meservy, Z. Hancock, Ninth Ralph Lawrence Forest row: W. Naylor, W. Wittmer,

civic projects. Several seminaries were Lloyd R. Hicken, Haskell V. Stradling, Clifton R. Dixon.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1939

for choristers and organists of all ward October 22, 1939 ception of several retained for adminorganizations, who are urged to take J. Grant Iverson, bishop, and Ray istrative purposes, among them his own

note of Institute dates as they are ar- G. Wood and W. A. Sorensen, counson, Lewis Warren Smith, stationed at

ranged for their particular region and to selors, replaced Bishop George C. Basel, Switzerland. (See missionary

take advantage of the training offered. Lloyd and counselors John Huefner and list, pp. 735, 745, 746, and 747.)

Tracy Y. Cannon is Institute director. Ivan Burgoyne as the new bishopric of Temporary headquarters were estabthe Capitol Hill Ward, Salt Lake lished in Copenhagen, Sweden, whence

HISTORIC ST. GEORGE Stake. Sherman Richardson succeeded Elder Smith directed this work. Elder

TABERNACLE RENEWED Harries Lloyd as ward clerk. and Sister Smith reported themselves

"D enovation of the St. George Stake in good health, after their journey.

Tabernacle has begun and, at a October 25, 1939 flag of Brigham Young will includecost An official rewiring, of $10,000, COMPLETES CHURCH is being University among emblemsseveral structural reinforcements, and OF REASSIGNMENT carried of Antarctic expedition the on interior exterior.painting of both and MISSIONARIES EUROPEAN E. Byrd. Richard Admiral Dr. George erected tabernacle between was The

186371. The original architecture will H. Hansen, chairman of the depart- f\v THE six hundred and sixty men

of at the geography geology and disturbed, for the renovation mentnot be laboring as missionand women school, at the request the flag providedplans include remodeling. no structural in the aries for various the Church

Frazier, of Dr. Russell G. before noted Utah countries of the outbreak Europe

explorer, is accompanying whoEXPANSION MARKS river eleven Elders and four of war, all but theB. released presidents been Byrd expedition as attending physimission Y. U. FOUNDERS'have DAY

cian. fields of or reassigned labor in to new conby special exercises Attended direction the States. the United Under* site at chapel of the ducted a new 29, 1939 October

reFielding of Smith, Elder Joseph religious center being conand now Installed the the bishopric as of new missionaries danger of from moval sixtythestructed the campus, upper on are Stake, Roosevelt Montwell Ward, place neutral countries to zones tookfourth anniversary the of of founding bishop, Stephen A. and Adams, James conflict. actual of Transportaahead UniversityBrigham obYoung was E. and William Hamblin H. Blanchard, all tion of from missionary groups Euserved 16 General October by Aucounselors. Arthur had Wiscombe to countries the States ropean Unitedthorities of students the and Church, acting succeeding bishop Bishop been during continued without Sepmishap thealumni of school, residents of and Richardson. A. Ovey last the boatload October, and tember the atProvo, swelled attendance who

in arriving in early York NoNewcelebration to than thousand. more two 29, 1939 October these Pres. vember. moves On J. Presiding Bishop Richards LeGrand Succeeding Bishop Edward McMulin close Clark, touch Jr., Reuben was site, at the constructionspoke and

lin Sterling counselors and and Rex of States the United Department withPresident addressed Grant Heber a J. Eagar, Fuller Stanley Walter was State. the Elder of Taylor H. John in the assemblymain Tabernacle Provo

as sustained of bishop the Leeds Ward, First President of Council Seventy and Spiritual Foundations ofon "The

St. Stake, with George Eagar Walter of the States Eastern Frank Evans University,"theBrigham Young theme

counselors. as and Lawrence McMullin the incoming boats Mission met and theof S. day. Hinckley, Bryant former

retained as Karl Caldwell ward was directed reassignment.faculty the served member under who clerk.

district, possible, branch,late Wherever President Karl Maeser, paid G.

tribute to the early leaders of the inand mission organizations in Europe stitution. have been left intact under the direction

of authorized and capable local leaderFIRST UNIVERSITY ship.

SITE MARKED The following list was compiled at in headquarters, daily Church communtablet original the markingA bronze office ication the with the of Eastern<r* site of the old of University DesStates Mission, clearacted as which eret in Salt Lake City, first institution inghouse of information concerning of its kind to be founded west of the missionary moves. The list furnishes

Mississippi River, was unveiled with name, hometown, and information as appropriate ceremonies Sunday, Octo the release, reassignment, or retentober 15, by Camp 17, Daughters of tion of each person serving in Europe

Utah Pioneers. at the time the Church ordered the

Established November 11, 1850, at general evacuation, and is accurate the home of John Park, on the southinsofar as current information is availwest corner of West Temple and First able.

North streets, where the marker now stands, the University of Deseret was JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH moved the following year to the EUROPEAN MISSIONARY

Thirteenth Ward hall, and from 1867 JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH EVACUATION to in located the Council 1876 was RETURNS FROM EUROPE BRITISH MISSION later yearsHouse. Eight it was

Adamson, Hale, in Jack Carey, Idaho, building, inhoused Remaining and a new

England; Alexander, Blaine H., Phoenix, Arizona, the University of renamed1892 was States; Central in Concerned will have aboutnot onlytheoneffectthe workthe warof North Allen, Lee, HaroldJr., Los Angeles,

Cal., States; Southern Amott, religion, Eleanor, which, SaltUtah, but the Church on all City, Lake Elder in 1900, was moved to

States; Eastern Anderson, Salt City, Lake site. Fieldingits present of Joseph Smith the Council Released; Andrew, J. L.,Aldon, Merlin Trenton,Jr., Utah, Eastern

States; of returned Ansell, Dale William, to Twelve City, Salt Lake Salt Lake SunRe-

Ashcroft, Verla, St. Anthony, Idaho, Eastern day, 12, November accompanied by leased; States.October 19, 1939

Sister after Smith, seven months Baird, Kathryn, City, Brigham States; Utah, Northern Cleo 20, misYeaman, Van Noy Badger, Paul, spent Salt City, Lake Released; official Barber, abroad on an of tour Max

Riley, Salt City, Lake Texas; Barker, in Kenneth Kitchen, Brazil,sionary died of a heart attack. European missions. Elder reSmith Salt City, Lake States; Southern Bennett, StanHubert of CyrusSon E. N. and Ora Van ley, Noy Philadelphia, ported the Penn., States; evacuation Northern Blake, completed of J.

Texas; Booth, left he Thornton theYeaman, Burley Second missionaries of laboring the Church in Young,Carl, Solomonville,Provo. Utah,Ariz,, Released; Bousfleld, William last for the mission JulyWard field. all missions, European with the ex- (Continued on 745) page

dH&daL

tion of that thoughtfulness which should be shown

Concerning the Lord Jesus Christ, whose the mothers of men throughout all the year.

birth the Christian world commemorates And so we might continue down the list of those at this season and whose divinity and Lordfestivals and holidays and special occasions which ship over this earth all Latterday Saints we formally observe by closing banks and schools accept, Joseph Smith, the Prophet, and Sidney and other scenes of activity, and by special markRigdon left this testimony which bears freings on the calendar, but which we have largely quent repetition: sold out to purposes and interests for which they

And while wc meditated upon these things, were never intended.

the Lord touched the eyes of our understandPerhaps we should read again that New Testaings and they were opened, and the glory of ment account wherein the Savior drove the money the Lord shone round about. changers from the Temple and cleansed His FaAnd we beheld the glory of the Son, on ther's house—and with this example before us set

the right hand of the Father, and received about to do likewise for those traditional days which of his fulness; were conceived with a deep and sacred purpose

And saw the holy angels, and them who all to the end that our children may grow up with are sanctified before his throne, worshiping an awareness that the Fourth of July is more than

God, and the Lamb, who worship him forfireworks and that Christmas is more than Santa ever and ever. Claus. So much for a subject that has long been

urging its own expression. R. L. E, And now, after the many testimonies

is this of him, given been which have the JtuL 3bwqihwsudL Shadow of him: last of all, testimony, which we give

That he lives! x&a, TTLcul

For we saw him, even on the right hand One day, a woman, walking down a mountain of God; and we heard the voice bearing recside in the early morning, noticed that from the

ord that he is the Only Begotten of the eminence on which she stood her shadow elonFather gated until it reached far down the slope into the

That by him, and through him, and of him, valley towards which she was making her way.

the worlds are and were created, and the For a moment, she paused, overwhelmed with the inhabitants thereof are begotten sons and implications which that sight portended. As a

daughters unto God.—Doctrine and Coveteacher, she worked with many persons in the

nants 76:1924. Church. She had close associations with many

who were active in the community in which she resided. She was a person in whom many folk

confidence. Her shadow on their Owl IAasl d{ dk)Ujdaty6u placed much

lives could be felt for good, provided she made

As WE approach another holiday season, perhaps wise use of her own, in setting an example for them it would be an appropriate time to say someto follow.

thing concerning an atmosphere which seems to Over nineteen hundred years ago, in Bethlehem, have grown up around all of our holidays-—speciwas born One whose life has moulded those of

fically, the spirit of commercialism. others throughout the centuries. His elongated

If a holiday is to be perpetuated from year to year, shadow has been of force enough to color all of it seems reasonable to suppose that it should be life since His time. His life began in a shadow,

perpetuated for the spirit and purpose which humbly, and, for the most part, inauspiciously; yet,

brought it into being. But in our generation a slowly, steadily, it has increased until Christian

price tag has been placed upon many of our ideals and nonChristian alike are glad to hover in His and sentiments and memorials. The material gift shadow, partaking of His spirit and drinking of

has dominated Christmas rather than the spirit of His wisdom. In emulating His example, we reach

giving, and frenzied shopping days have driven heights which had been hitherto unattainable.

its deeper meaning far into the background. Easter As we celebrate His birthday, we should resolve

has become a day for new clothes and other mato attach ourselves more fully to His cause that our terial observances. Mother's Day likewise has shadow falling on the lives of those whom we

taken on its materialistic aspects and in many places touch will leave an afterimage of light and joy.

has become a day for a brief outward demonstra-—M. C. /.

Evidences and RECONCILIATIONS

xix. U)haL Ll ihsL dieMnxjL and the truth of the Gospel of Jesus Christ, and

also to fill men with knowledge and power and to bsdwssutL thsL dlali SpihiL and, inspire them to works leading to happiness. "The

Comforter beareth record of the Father and of the

Son."The labors assigned to this member of the

Godhead are high and holy, and necessary for man's

HThe frequency with which this question appears eternal progress. It seems not improbable that His

indicates a general need for an answer. intelligence, power, and knowledge are made maniThe Holy Spirit is the agent, means, or influence fest to men through the Holy Spirit.

by which the will, power, and intelligence of God, The presence and power of the Holy Ghost are and the Godhead, personal Beings, may be transpromised all who have faith in God, repent of mitted throughout space. The Holy Spirit, varitheir sins, are baptized for the remission of their

ously called the Spirit of God, the Light of Christ, sins, and have hands laid upon them by constituted the Spirit of Truth, proceeds from the presence of authority in the Priesthood. The act of confirmaGod to fill the immensity of space. It is the spirit tion of the newly baptized person always includes

of intelligence that permeates the universe and gives the words "Receive the Holy Ghost."It is the

understanding to the spirits of men. The phebaptism of fire, the great gift, the reward for obenomena of existence are but expressions of this dience to the preparatory ordinances of the Gospel.

divine medium. The gift of the Holy Ghost confers upon a person

The Lord is in communication with all His chilthe right to receive, as he may desire and need, the dren and can touch their hearts everywhere by the presence, light, and intelligence of the Holy Ghost.

Holy Spirit. It "giveth light to every man that It gives, as it were, an official claim upon the mighty

cometh into the world; and the Spirit enlighteneth assistance and comforting assurance of the Holy

every man through the world, that hearkeneth to the Ghost. When the servants of the Lord display

voice of the Spirit; and every one that hearkeneth to a spiritual power beyond the command of man;

the voice of the Spirit cometh unto God, even the when the griefladen heart beats with joy; when

Father."(Doctrine and Covenants 84:46, 47.) failure is converted into victory, it is by the visitaThrough its agency, enlightenment, direction, tion of the Holy Ghost. It is the Spirit of God unwarning, reproof, and approval come from the der the direction of the Holy Ghost that quickeneth

loving Father of humankind. all things.

The gift of the Holy Ghost remains inoperative

The phenomena of nature whether on earth or in unless a person leads a worthy life. Worthiness

stellar fields are manifestations of the Holy Spirit. determines whether a person shall enjoy the privThe light from the sun, heat, electricity, thunder, ileges promised when the "gift"is conferred. It

lightning, the placidly flowing brook and the raging is useless to expect this high official assistance untorrent are expressions of divine will, by the operaless there is daily conformity to the laws of the tions of this holy, universefilling substance. "And Gospel. Faith and prayer, out of the heart and

the light which shineth, which giveth you light, is unceasing, will fit a person for the presence of the through him who enlighteneth your eyes, which is Holy Ghost, and to such a life He will respond in the same light that quickeneth your understandpower. Only those who "hearken"will be enings; which light proceedeth forth from the preslightened by the spirit.

fill to the of ence of immensity God space—the Saints Latterday received, have the under hands is all light life all in things, giveth to which which of divinely those this empowered, inexpressibly

all is things, the things which are law which by glorious "gift,"if will lead which are they them sitteth governed, the of even power upon God who fitted, into the of companionship the Ghost, Holy is his is in eternity, throne, of the bosom who who for intelligence and win them to and joy power win in all things."of the midst (Doctrine and Covelife in exaltation in and the world to come. Those 88:1113.) nants who have been so blessed have not always underThe Holy Ghost, sometimes called the Comstood the greatness of that which has been given

forter, is the third member of the Godhead, and is them, or have not earnestly sought its help. So

a personage, distinct from the Holy Spirit. As a powerful a gift, with such boundless promise, justipersonage, the Holy Ghost cannot any more than fies every attempt to cleanse body and soul. Certhe Father and Son be everywhere present in pertain it is, that only with the aid of the Holy Ghost

son. Little has been revealed as yet concerning shall we be able to rise to the heights of salvation

the Holy Ghost; but it is evident that His mission of which we dream and for which we pray.

is to bear witness to men of the existence of God—/. A W.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1939

Homing

(Continued from page 730)

rather than queen, she willingly left her Don't Serve loved country to share his exile in Dresden.

But in her line the blood of kings has remained predominant, for the present rulers, SKIMPY of Italy are her descendants.

Breakfasts MACHINES(Gertrude Hartman, Illustrated, Macmillan Company, New York, 1939.

274 pages. $2.50.)

HThe subtitle of the book lends significance * to the great contribution which Gertrude Hartman has once again made to a child's understanding of the world in which he lives. The subtitle reads "and the men

who made the world of industry."Begintraces the development of weaving to the

factory system. ryj* Q**k* ningmodernwith the spinning jenny, the author

as well as boys, mentsMiss inHartmanthe use tracesof steamthe onfirstseadevelopand on to land the present. discovery down The PANCAKES made need hearty breakelectricity, of uses for resulted in cables,

with Globe "Al"Pancake fasts for growth, telephones, electric lights, radio. The discovery of oil and the subsequent developFlour tempt lagging appepep and energy. ment of automobiles and airplanes the

tites and provide bodyauthorThis hasis thetreatedkind fully.of book which defies debuilding nourishment. Deliscription. It will open a world of wonder

to the young person who reads it and will cious and digestible, because make him appreciate the tremendous energy of man and matter that have gone into the

Globe "Al"contains lots of making of the world as he knows it.

buttermilk already mixed in. THE VALE FAMILY

* Illustrated,(Helen HillMacmillanand VioletCo.,Maxwell,New York,

1939. 234 pages. $2.00.)

. m "\k 7e are seven"applies to this story of that not does the Vale family—and

parents, GLOBE "A>*tam include married sister, or cousin a

Jane, whose bossy ways were an abomination. these people Although young Foster, Editor's Daughter", The Listen to "Mary forty their over good weretimes—and thru P.M. Friday. 5:30 KNXKSFO, Monday their different not so bad very times—areyears ago,

from those of boys and girls who live in 1939 and '40. This funloving family of the

homes. They can give us lessons on family Use GLOBE Al FLOUR '90's should be introduced into our modern fun.

for your HOLIDAY baking! KENTUCKY CARGO

(Allan Dwight, Illustrated, Macmillan

Company, New York, 1939. 256

pages. $2.00.)

.CV PATt HpHis story of the littleknown episode in * American history when two Spanish governors plotted to create a buffer state which they could control or perhaps annex to Spain makes exciting reading for the young folk in their teens.

REAL BOYS AND GIRLS GO There's no guesswork when BIRDING

Illustrated, Coevering, Lip- (Jack Van doubletested 610BEMtotLes, Globe use SANMIU6f <iahc$. you 1M

Philadelphia, 1939. Company, for your Flour "Al"***:. xavKxijjr: pages. bakpincott147 $2.00.)

ing! It's always dependable,

and perfect with modern IN addition to the exceptional text introfast-creaming shortenings. andducingthe habitathis youngof wildreadersgeese, toherons,the habitslarks,

robins, waxwings, kingbirds, and many other birds, the author has taken ninetyeight action photographs illustrating the birds on the wing. He also promotes a feeling of

responsibility for the care of winter birds as well as a genuine understanding of all will result in more humaneness REGARDLESS OF PRICE, THERE IS NO BETTER FLOUR! birds,in treatingwhichthem.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1939

THE LUCKY LLAMA other with hobbies and the stayat-home than he, his life was spared and he became (Alice Curtis Desmond, Illustrated. Mac worker. Three general sections cleverly the magician of the tribe. Also in this story

millan Company, New York, 1939. 64 pages. take care of all vocations listed: Ladies of a little lame boy "who accomplished wonis ders, the the story there of woven First; how and Free For $1.50.) Men Only—Unless;

friend of the man. dog became All. For sight, in is the unusual llama an white this the visited of Croauthor book The this the attractions special of in very One TherePeru. of country mountainous as in southwestern France caves MagnanA truly is invaluable the readappended book

is is considered fore, born he one when 1. present, to that time the 191 early as From lists, ing general specific, both for those and

of beast as not used a sacred be and may inin his interest primitive has been man further in study vocations. would who

little inthis the book, author burden. In study. creased by girls All should with acquaint work who that locale his to readers a troduces young this themselves thoroughly in with book inunusually is strange ALL and unknown, and OVER TOWN order in to the help guide allimpor- them Illustrated. Brink, Macmillan (Carol Ryrie viting. difficult tant life's selecting matter of and a pages. 1939. 291 York, Company, New work.

$2.00.) VACANCIESNO

(Gertrude E. with Buffalo hands shake Bill—what

day, Doran, that? NewMallette,York,Illustrated.1939. 311Doublepages. TURI(HenryOFLionelTHEWilliams.MAGICTheFINGERSViking Press, Togirl not relish or boy would

$2.00.) New York, 1939. 172 pages. $1.75.) And that is just what happened to Ardeth

INisthisdifficultday whenenoughthe matterfor theof findingbesttrainedwork HPuri* worldlivedwasmanyyoung.centuriesBecauseago whenhe couldthe HowardBut that andisn't Martinall thatandhappened,Henry Dawlish.for this

person, this book takes on a poignancy and draw better than the men who were older (Concluded on page 740) a significance for old and young alike. But

soon Brenda Garrett found that there was P'OKVW*un->(>"0-0O40Mn-O'0M'O'DM>BO0'C)0-W(>-<)'aHfrO4H0'O4M<>-fli0g plenty of work to be done as cook for her father, resident manager of an apartment house, and typist. And how she found a

real job—well, that's the story all girls will

be eager to read.

FLYING HOOFS STORIES OF HORSES (Selected by Wilhelmina Harper, IllustratEIgw& ed. Houghton Mifflin Co., Boston, 1939. 292 Your old hand iron is worth $15 in fradein $2.00.)pages.

love to* read not or girl does boyWhat of i value on the World's Fastest and Finest Ironer collection In this horses? about

horse stories are such popular authors as

Will James, S. P. Meek, Laura Adams

Armer, Sewell Ford, Cornelia Meigs, and

Leonard H. Nascn. Latterday Saints will

be pleased to note that "The Pony Express,"by our own Howard R. Driggs is included.

For many pleasurable hours of a high type reading Flying Hoofs is highly recommended for all who love horseflesh. Tronrife

THE EAGLE'S QUEST (Charlotte Lederer, Illustrated. Doubleday, ACT IRONRITE

1939. 296 pages. Doran, New York, $2.00.) NOW! WILL its independto regain attemptHungary's ence forms the plot of this story, which This offer for a PAY YOU

girls of high will fascinate and boys time Your Old prince, Giorgio, is For the youngage. Although and school onlylimited Iron Hand his his courage kingdom, in could not regain good only

served to win him a bride as brave as he, Utah, Idaho Reg.

and to keep alive the hope that liberty and Nevada, price. $139.95

would some day become a reality for Hunon our Model Your gary. 55, as illustratold iron 15.00

VOCATIONS FOR GIRLS positivelyed here. Offerends YOU PAY

(Mary Rebecca Lingenfelter and Harry December 31, ONLY

Dexter Kitson, Harcourt, Brace and Com1939.

pany, New York, 1939. 351 pages. $2.50.) $124.95

tried to give the authors this have book,IN participation realistic picture a of woman's page very first world.in the The workaday BANISH HAND IRONING DRUDGERY

tell us the authorsis because challenging listed groups occupational ofthat the 557 all WITH AN IRONRITE THIS CHRISTMAS found inin census, the 1930 women are bmt 29. Therefore, girls today who are

contemplating work do not need to limit HUSBANDS PLEASE NOTE: If you don't believe ironing is woman's

their choice to either teaching or secretarial hardest task, try ironing your shirt sometime by the old fashionedpositions.

The approach is sensible and wise, the i hand iron method.

first question being whether or not a college education is essential or even desirable. List of Dealers:

are treated vocations various theAmong particulars or For catalogue and Appli- R. Salt Lake; M. Auerbach's, & social teaching; economics; freenursing; demonstration the home homefurther coupon Electric Salt Lake; ance, SchossRead to Ironrite mail fillWilkins,in 1 and Gordon E. library religious work;service work; and

Price Electric, Provo; Co., Calif. Factory Representative, Huish Oakland, Ogden; publishing; journalism, writing,advertising;

Co., Price; Logan; L. Montrose, J. Trading ostephysiotherapy, arts; work; factorythe

Ely, WilsonBates, Twin and Nevada Name medicine; dentistry; optometry;opathy,

Falls, E. Elko, J. Idaho; White, Nevada; point out authors finance.radio; high The Address Electric Boise, Co., Idaho; FargoHon of fact cent per that do marry the 75 women Pocatello, WilsonWells, Idaho. with deals \ capable chapter State..oiaie. so c very one Cityand ony

homemaking—and parttime work; and an- 6

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1939

Homing the"Nurseryalphabet.Lore,"In Mrs.ChapterRichards11, dealingpleadswithfor cups).men and Rollbakedoughon a greasedto formtinginger10 minutesbread

{Concluded from page 739) beautiful books in the nursery, rather than at 350.

the paper. funny so does This volume trouble fall into to seemedtrio youngsters of list of things besides give a books many Balls Popcorn off falling a log. proverbial the as easilyas their that children parents should encourage children, energetic funloving, wereThey cups Label Syrup Karo Red it. all, \Yi better teachers to read than But interesting as just their were deeds goodand 2 cups Beet Utah Sugar to include should read encouraged and be

their escapades.as water cup the given. that are suggestions Yi good of beginning the story, last the of the Into 1 flavoring cherry teaspoon

is introduced. industry automobilethe red coloring

quarts 4 popcorn SNORTER HORNCAPE THE CORNER COOK'S Illustrated. Houghton (Charles the sugar, syrup, water, Combine and

$2.00.) pages. 1939. 263 J. Boston,Finger, Co.,Mifflin it coloring until boil and forms Burnett a hard Barbara Badger By were things America, in 1812, year the ball tried in cold degrees) water when (245IN fifteenyear-old for especially the flavoring into the humming, popcorn. pour and Add Christmas Fruit Cake

Massachusetts, Marblehead, of until balls. M'Rea, into coated form andJim

1 Clover pound Butter Stir Leaf to it for possible him birthday madewhose 2 Beet cups Utah Sugar cruise around a whaling as a presentask Marshmallow Fudge 12 Milk the Eggs White Pacific. around Going the to HornCape

Ghirardelli's 1 Chocolate Ground teaspoon soda thrown were Paddy, buddy, a andHorn, Jim Y cup from their ship and marooned on an island 2 teaspoons cinnamon Y cup Clover Leaf Milk with Indians. There they found an old ship 2 teaspoons nutmeg 2 cups Utah Beet Sugar

they 4 cups in which a boat, themselvesand made Globe "Al"Flour Y1 cuptablespoonBlue LabelbutterKaro cup molasses picked up by sail the "/3 and were againset

U. S. Frigate Essex. But soon more excite- 2 packages raisins 1 teaspoon vanilla

ment was afoot, and Jim found himself in 2 packages currants marshmallows the thick of capturing British and Portu- 1 pound walnuts Mix all ingredients except vanilla and guese vessels for the American government. 1 pound almonds marshmallows. Cook, stirring occasionally

Finally with the defeat of the Essex the 1 pound candied pineapple until a soft ball stage is reached (230).

Americans sailed for home. 1 pint maraschino cherries Remove from fire and cool. Butter a

shallow line and with pan marshmallows SHALL THE butter the sugar, Cream the andWHAT add egg in half, cut vanilla add beat and candy READ? yolksCHILDREN well beaten, juice then the and from until thick and creamy. Pour on marshAppleton-Century Richards, D. (Laura E. the cherries. the to the soda molasses. Add cool. in mallows and squares. Cut 1939. 62 pages. York,Company, New until Beat thick first to and the add mixture.

,, advertisements See pages on$1.00.) flour spices sifted Add together. and Clean

Chapter 1 of this little book is a nostaland wash the currants, separate the raisins, gic plea which will find an echo in blanch and split the almonds. Cut the cherinto and pineapple pieces. all fruit Mixmany parents'hearts for the teaching of ries On the Book Rack together cake. and add to beaten egg Add

whites and bake 3 hours at 275. Makes ( Concluded from page 732

a 10 pound cake. AN UNFINISHED LIFE

(Ruth St. Denis, Harper and Brothers,

Royal Christmas Pudding New York, 1939. 386 pages. $3.75.)

packages Gelatin Cherry Royal $<ti is interested in always the learning One boiling cups water lives intimate in details the of creative cold cups water personalities. life, this In story of her Miss

teaspoon cinnamon St. Denis introduces so the than more much teaspoon nutmeg skeletal life; outline of her clothes she the

cloves teaspoon ground factual details flesh the with of blood and raisins seedless cup little ideals. ideas her into venturer and A

'/2 cup walnuts fields, St. acted, has Ruth Denis known

Y cup almonds danced, written, and introduced philosophy

Y smallcup candiedpiece citroncherriespeel intoExhilaratingthese arts. as her dancing, is this book

Add the spice to the gelatin, boiling water, about her life. M. C. /.

cold and until water. Let stand mixture beTHE CAR BELONGS TO MOTHER gins fruit to thicken. nuts and and Add

mold. Serve with whipped cream. (Priscilla H. Wright, Illustrated. Houghton

Mifflin Company, Boston, 1939. 80 pages. inone

Cra6 Salad $1.35.)

satirical, this slim volume Humorously ckoco&tfi salad Line your prettiest plates scallop or to will every bring chuckles woman's & BAKING FOR DRINKING shells crisp lettuce green with or certainly other author some men's. The lips—and FOR DESSERTMAKING this, salad greens. slice the sections serve a of speaks she and whereof knows On

pantry with crowd your Why canned pineapple topped of Chauffeuring dealing with Huswith a of "The mound for bar chocococoa drinking and Chauffeuring,"bands,""The "School and Diamonds Brand Crabmeat, Fancy % Three late for baking and cooking when in laughs. a relaxCar,"boned. For Serve with Nalley's and garTang

Ghirardelli's Chocolate Ground. read The of nish with a slice lemon. enlightening—momentabound Newing—and it is It all? does everything you

/. C. to Car Belongs Mother.-—M.

... in need chocolate cocoa and

everythingin-one! Ginger Bread Men THEY SOUGHT FOR PARADISE

1 cup Brer Rabbit Yellow Label Molasses (Stuart David Engstrand. Harper Brothers,

1 cup Utah Beet Sugar New York, 1939. 272 pages. $2.50.)

1 shortening cup is interesting and always (part butter) Colonization teaspoons soda the story is the of arresting. This salt teaspoon 1J4Y Illinois section a of settling of a by Swedish

the fanatical religionists for under together group of 2 minutes. Cook Cool and GHIRARDELLI'S

of leader, Jansson. Erik beaten, 1 c coco* J)\ tifCWPuf The experiences one Milk egg teaspoon White CHOCOLATE add

to live in trying religionists ginger, these sincere 1 teaspoon cinnamon, Y teaspoon life are poignant and real. otmwW* baking communal and powder enough Globe "Al"a

flour to make a soft dough (about 2Y—M. C. ].

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1939

and her pioneer ancestors for her physcourages the same standards among her

National Champion ical ability and traditions of courage associates.

and determination. "I am a Latterday Saint because I

By IRA J. MARKHAM She gives the L. D. S. Church and believe its teachings are true. If I can

its teachings credit for a large part of always live according to these teachher success. She is a faithful Sunday ings, I know I shall always be happy,"

teacher this distinguished national diving School the says not only lives and religiously of champion. but enWisdomThreeis thechampionshipsimpressive inrecordfour monthsestabWord

lished by fifteenyear-old Virginia Nelson of Ogden, Utah.

Virginia became Intermountain Jr.

A. A. U. Diving Champion at Ogden Tlow fobadif #&l QmmsudiaisL (bsdivsuu

in February, 1939; Intermountain Senior A delightful Christmas Gift which will

live through the years "HELLO LIFE"a choice selection of the writings of the late

ELSIE TALMAGE BRAIVDLEY This rare collection of poems, editorials, and newspaper columns from the pen of this gifted writer, has been printed and bound into a beautiful Gift Book, just in time for Christmas!

Compiled and edited by Helen Spencer Williams, this handsome volume is full of the "vibrant personality, the sparkle of keen wit and the wholesome spirituality"of the author.

In the words of the compiler, "the sole purpose of this book is to render less empty the place in the hearts of her myriad friends by bringing these writings together within the covers of one volume. In the reading of them you will find

her again as you knew her—versatile, vital, understanding, and, above all,

human."This charming book of 264 pages, beautifully printed in a Gift Edition on the finest book paper and bound in a rich blue cloth cover with gold embossed title, will grace any library.

VIRGINIA NELSON Price $1.50

Postage Prepaid to any address. Plus 2% Sales Tax

A. A. U. Diving Champion at Salt Lake

City in April; and National Jr. A. A. U.Diving Champion at the National meet DESERET BDDK COMPANY

held at Oakland, California, June 2, 44 East South Temple Salt Lake City, Utah 1939.

Virginia won first place over a field of the best divers in the country. All

were older, experienced, and were trained by coaches with national recognition. ASK YOUR GROCER FOR--

Because of stage fright due to lack of experience, Virginia received the FLEISCHMANN'S HIGH VITAMIN YEAST lowest score in her first three dives.

With only seven dives remaining, she Helps supply the vitamins you need. Start now to eat 2 cakes

settled down, and in an exhibition of every day.

courage and determination seldom equaled, she finally won first place to ROYAL GELATIN DESSERTS become the first diver from Utah to gain national recognition. Seven delicious flavors—lemon, orange, cherry, strawberry,

raspberry, pineapple, lime. And use Royal Salad Gelatin for

She now shares the honors with Bud salads, appetizers and main course dishes.

Shields, formerly of Brigham Young

University, the of being only two Utah "ROYAL PUDDINGS titlesathletes to in national ever win swimming or diving.

wholesome arrowroot. Three Made with flavors—Chocolate, Her achievement is the result of hard Vanilla delicious and Butterscotch. Also make homemade ice

work well directed. It has meant hours cream.

of daily practice and the sacrifice of activities in order to livemany social ROYAL BAKING POWDER strict training rules.within

Virginia was coached by Ferron The only nationallydistributed baking powder made with cream

Lossee of Weber College. She reof tartar. Dependable and economical.

ceived the loyal support of her father and mother. She owes much to them

CONDUCTED BY THE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH, CHAIRMAN; JOHN A. WIDTSOE, JOSEPH F. MERRILL, AND SYLVESTER Q. CANNON

MELCHIZEDEK QUORUM STUDY COURSE ANNOUNCED FOR 1940 AND 1941 Priesthood and Church Government is course title; two years to be devoted to vital subject; new book and "Era"outlines and supplementary reading to present subject matter.

"pRIESTHOOD AND CHURCH GoVERNChapter 25—Stake Administration place this valuable volume in the

ment will be the vitally important Chapter 26-—Ward Administration hands of quorum members and officers,

Chapter 27—The the study 1941 of 1940 andtheme Chapter 28—PriesthoodMissions ofandthe TempleChurch practicallythe Priesthoodat cost,shouldand owneveryandbeareruse ofa the of for the Melquorums course Work personal copy. available Priesthood. chizedek The Chapter and Ceremonies 29—Ordinances lessons nine will each There be been subject hasinformation on this Part Index and Four—Appendices time will leave quarter. ample This un- A. Widtsoe, Dr. compiled by First John of Presidencies Appendix I—The of the year for meetings the twelve Fast the of the Council Christ Church of the the direction of Latterof Jesusder

Twelve, from numerous sources, many day Saints which should be quorum activities, and not now generally accessible. The maAopendix II—General Authorities of the for such Sundays as may be occupied

terial thus gathered has been so orChurch and Those Who Ordained by stake conferences and similar events to Office Them the Sunmeets on quorum Priestthe a volume ganized as to make Appendix Courses III—StudyPriesthood for Quo-—provideddays. book, reference course,hood the rums of Priesthood indioutlines will help to Era of The short, a digest and Index handbook—instudjy

that in subjects the cate lesson each the and revelations the on Priesthood, practices and procedures of Church Procedure and Aids to Study should be especially emphasized. The

government and the statements of Outlines of the lessons, for the guidclass leader and members should be

Church leaders on the subject of Priestance of quorum teachers, will be prethoroughly familiar with the text covhood, covering more than a century. pared and printed from month to month ered by the lesson; and the class hour

The wide scope of the work is inin The Improvement Era. These outshould be devoted largely to a discusdicated by the table of contents: lines will indicate what material should sion of the material therein presented.

illustrations should Helps and be drawn studied be each throughout the weekContents local general conditions. from and years. two In addition there will be President Clawson Rudger from messageA in dishesitancy should be no There to appended lesson each challenging Church. of the Priesthood to in fully cussing the raised the problems questions and problems bearing Priesthood the of upon Meaning Part One—Thethe course. experience Personal study and various Priesthood the of phases of principle Priesthood Course Chapter 1—The the lessons, observation, bearing are on activity. Earth on and Supplementary quotavaluable. However, class discussion Chapter 2—What is Priesthood? tions on the subject of Priesthood from Chapter 3—The Powers of the PriestChurch leaders, past and present, will should be confined to lesson headings.

lesson should heading underbe Each hood also be printed for monthly, the further the Church and It Chapter discussed. stood be and should borne 4—Priesthood benefit the of quorums. this theme With Bearer Priesthood Chapter 5—-The in that aslessons the mind have an in hand, the Melchizedek Priesthood Priestthe to Right Chapter Use full value, that cending 6—The under- a and bearers of the forChurch look may hood standing of the course of the message to ward years of two profitable the most and Chapter Home 7—Priesthood until the of cannot study be whole won the of pleasant Priesthood and activity. 8—-The Chapter study Law course completed. has sugbeen The Priesthood Church Part and Two—The entitled book The Priesthood and gestive outlines, at the and problems Government Church is published Government the by of the lesson, are each end merely Priestthe Divisions of Chapter 9—The Deseret Book Company, 44 East South helps, not binding and should hood be upon

Temple. four than More hundred Priesthood class. the class the leader and 10—The Melchizedek

it in length, sold will be Priesthood pages Chapter Melchizedek at $1.75 restoration of the Priesthood is The Chapter 11—The

Quorum a copy to the general public. It may the foundation of the Church of Jesus

Administration: Chapter be purchased through Priesthood 12—Quorum Saints, Christ of Latterday marks and Committee System The for if quorums $1.50 a copy charged; its vital all difference from manmade Priesthood: Aaronic Chapter 13—The and for if $1.35 a copy cash accomis churches. offered course This so Its Offices and Quorums panies if order, or sent collect postage. that every the understand man may Its Chapter Purpose and Church 14—The per cent sales tax Two should be holds, Priesthood he thereby and of the Chapter Church may 15—Organization in added Utah. intent is The to it. Principles to led Chapter of be Church magnify and honor 16—Some

Government Chapter 17—Judicial

Chapter 18—Calling andProvisionsOrdaining men Melchizedek Priesthood Outline of Study, January, 1940

to the Priesthood and Church Offices Text: Priesthood and Church Government.

Part Three—Church Administration: Priest- (See supplementary readings, problems, and projects below.) in Action hood

Chapter 19—The President and the First

Presidency of the Church LESSON I II. Adam fully informed and empowered Chapter 20-—The Apostleship and the a. Is told plan of salvation

b. Receives keys of Priesthood presiChapter dency Council 21—Theof the TwelvePatriarch to the From(Read AdamChapterto 1,Abrahampp. 1-12.)

Church: Office and Functions I. "Without beginning of days or end c. Administers Gospel ordinances Chapter 22—The First Council of Sevof years": authority to act for God d. Ordains succeeding generations

enty always available to man III. Distinguishing features of First DisChapter 23—The Presiding Bishopric a. Testimony of the prophets pensation Chapter 24—General Officers of the b. Recorded history of Priesthood on a. From father to son: the Patriarchal

Church and Auxiliary Functions. earth Order of Priesthood

. )

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1939

b. The line of descent: a list of ilLESSON II 6. Point out how the Church as established estabChrist differed from that by lustrious names Christ to Abraham From

lished do you by Alma. What authority established Church 1224) c. The chapter 1, (Read pp.

the priests suppose and teachers held who direction: d. Adam, Enoch, Personal

ordained I. An unbroken chain from Abraham to were by Alma? walk with God Noah

Moses truth: the Disdepartures from Early IV. III lineage in royal a. links a LESSON The

of pensation Noah of presidency b. held keys Moses Restoration Final Apostasy and children a. Adam's agency: Free Priestheld Melchizedek c. Aaron 2431) 1, chapter (Read pp. for themselves choose hood hisfor themselves, choose and I. Men rise with concurrent b. Apostasy Israel a of II. under arrangement: new itself A tory repeats the Church lesser law a. after Rapid growth of the Church all his days labors c. Noah with a. Priesthood withdrawn Higher Christ

V. Earth not wholly without knowledge Moses b. Early departures from the truth

and authority in times of apostasy b. Lesser Priesthood appended: the c. Priestcraft replaces Priesthood

issue, Improvement this The (See continues Gospel preparatory d. Peter, James, and John last to hold

718: p. "The Common Era, unlike Prenot position Source c. Aaron's of Apostleship keys

of Religious Truth,"by Milton R. siding Bishop II. "The morning breaks, the shadows

Hunter. III. The Levites: an extensive call to flee"

influence of righteous a. Diffusion service a. Joseph Smith: an early day in

ministraand b. Special visitations a. Particular qualifications spring

tions b. Special ministry b. Significance of First Vision

c. Example in succession to MelIV. The new arrangement continues to III. "Called of God as was Aaron": the

chizedek Christ Latterday Saint claim

VI. Abraham seeks the Priesthood: an a. The prophets of Israel: whence a. Proper ordination

authentic record their authority b. By proper authority

a. The "blessings of the fathers"b. The kings of Israel: whence their c. Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery

b. Pharaoh's imitation of the Patriauthority 1. Receive Melchizedek Priesthood

archal Order c. Priesthood corruption 2. Ordained Apostle and Elder.

c. At the hands of Melchizedek d. Succession after Aaron: a few IV. Completeness of the restoration

landmarks a. President Woodruff's account greater"VII. "None

1. Joshua b. Joseph Smith held every key, a. Melchizedek was Who

. 2. Samuel sealed his testimony his office b. and powers: What

3. Elijah of priests: kingdom every Smith's account man c. A Joseph

in the tradition of the Baptist e. John his trace authority may

Problems and projects: Aaronic Priesthood d. Priesthood today same as that held

also peoples of under V. Book Mormon by Adam cite 1 from instances can you many How until lesser Christ law latterday promise: V. to Priesthood A 3:7? substantiating historyreligious Amos a. Priests prophets and prevail men? through the work need LordWhy the b. preparatory Gospel and a. Alma for Preparation greater things to purposes earth His accomplish notCan He 1. Establishes Church comedirectly? 2. priests Ordains and teachers b. of the Dispensation for last Gospel

2. Where would you go for a history of 3. Awaits the fulness of Priesthood time

Encyclopedia Priesthoodthe on earth? To

histories? EcclesiasticalBritannica? The c.d. PriesthoodChrist confersamongMelchizedekthe JareditesPriestVI. Thepresencesum ofandthe substance:Father to regain

Pearl of Great Price? Exclusive Latterday hood

Saint sources? e. Nephites subject to authority at Problems and projects:

been there has Jerusalem 3. Discuss: "Whenever

the the Priesthood, au- f. Theneed on earth of witness comes to "other people,1. Explain:but in the"Thefirst placePriesthoodthe peopleleft leftthe

thority to act for God has been conferred sheep"the Priesthood."

on man."Is there not always such a need? VI. With Christ, the Melchizedek Priest- 2. Interesting, brief reports by various

conferred? control always been authority assumes the hoodHas of from members the class can be made

apostasy? remains intact Priesthood then, by a. Aaronic do we understandWhat, illustrating ecclesiastical readings in history

reestablished b. Kingdom of God 4. in falling after the stages yearlong project: Christ: understandyour one away A

earlier dispen- c. Keybearers from itself limit than in to ofing should Priesthood a specific changes will be no clearer

your understanding of the terms used to sations bestow power on Apostles ordinance; another to reinterpretation of

describe it. If your definitions are hazy, VII. Provisions to perpetuate authority fundamental doctrine; another to institution

indefinite, incomplete, nondistinctive, so a. Twelve called of pagan practices; another to alleged dewill your thinking be. Make it a point of b. Church established and fully offiscent of authority, etc.

pride to become well acquainted with termicered 3. What conditioning in world thought

of activity mental picture to the place beforenology: your take and had what is projects: and the Problems

Is illustrarestored? with Plan Plan? could it synonymous GospelGreat be What analogy can you presentday 1. What is defitions in the find history canof Salvation, Gospel? with which you What

distinction between principle and ordinance? find to the position held by Aaron? Had nitely indicate that the Lord prepared the

Between keys, powers, blessings, privileges? you ever thought of his holding the Meltime, the place, and the circumstances for

authority do Priesthood? chizedek What in clear outthe Patriarchal see Order youDo

of the succession held suppose was by you 4.lines? synonymous? seed visual and lineage aid: Are interesting to it would be restoration?A

after Priests him? High chart, understand by by atonement, you do of simple by means lines, the dateWhat

sealing, by calling, by office, by ordination, 2. How can you reconcile the Gospel as time occupied by major Gospel dispensaand so forth, to an endless list of recurrent it continued with Israel with the lessened autions, and the intervals between them. In

Priesthood terms? As owner of a copy of thority left to Israel after Moses departed? comparison with the falling away between

Priesthood and Church Government, you 3. Why do we need the Aaronic PriestNoah and Abraham, for example, what picnotations—examples,might well enter definitionsillustrations,and analogiespertinent hoodof thetoday,Melchizedeknow thatPriesthoodwe have ina restorationits fulness? tureturiesdothatyou elapsedget fromduringthe seventeenoddthe Great Aposcen-

Levitical the today? Priesthood page. Perhaps of every we have the margin relatively, tasy? long, the Do do the hundred How—in

it overlap, does like a community and where to keep ten would Where years organizationquorum today differ and of Church notebook. What a priceless commentary it from the Aaronic? seem when seen, year by year, century by

could become! 4. Have someone review incidents from century, alongside the period covered by

5. Is Priesthood ordination in the Church Kings, Chronicles, and the later history of the First Dispensation?

today patriarchal when a father ordains his Israel illustrating the directive powers of the 5. What does Joseph Smith's concern in

son, and that son his son, etc., throughout Aaronic Priesthood and the relationship instructing and in duly endowing the Apossucceeding generations? How does it differ between priest and king in Israel. tles with power before his death indicate

from practice in the First Dispensation? 5. Were there two sets of Twelve Aposregarding their position and authority in

6. How are Gospel knowledge and Priesttles in the time of Christ, one in the eastern regulating the affairs of the Kingdom of

hood authority dependent on Church orand one in the western hemisphere? ExGod on earth?

ganization? plain. (Continued on page 744)

.::

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1939

homes and 63% have read them. One ward

in the reported used having Sunday them READINGS SUPPLEMENTARY class. to them School hope have. We Government. Priesthood and Church For future."the near very in every home.. in

This is a quotation from a letter by Ella secretary, Bear River Stake Re- M. Peck, direct, of raised up were Alma 1 It is recorded in the Book by heaven, to who

Society. oror- lief that the governments, laws the Priesthood, and andregarding make

Society sends Relief Stake North Davis callthe the they ganize a kingdom the Priesthood Jews; and among ofdinances

secretary: in this report Mabel by Layton, either. these without got not Priesthood haveing were to the The most the distribution (of has "There been 100%

is that to bethey pretend a end. be have orbeginning a Book There may read."pamphlets) and 75%

ginning to the person who is called, but gives the history of their fathers, and President Phoebe Markham says: "I am

that Priesthood existed before that of Moses and the Prophets; showing happy to report to you that Palmyra Stake

person was called, and there was no that they lived under a dispensation has reached 100% of homes receiving albeginning to the calling, no beginning of Priesthood, revealed from heaven, cohol and tobacco education booklets. Our

to the ordinances of the Priesthood, no and handed down from the fathers, visiting teachers have made special visits beginning to the Priesthood itself, being from generation to generation, which to see that every family in our stake rehanded down from all eternity, being Priesthood held the Urim and Thumceived the information."

in existence in all of the worlds that mim, and the charge of the holy place, From Millard Stake Relief Society presthis report: ident, George, Artemesia comes things, the containing holy the Priesthood and power having ofwere worthy

last the of the seven meeting union "At inquire the to to instruct of and (Orson authority God. from Godand

in reported Millard presidents Stake ward their 22: peace, for depeople Vol. in what Discourses,Pratt, was Journal of in received her that had every ward home

28-9.) fence, welfare, government, judgment, the three booklets on tobacco and alcohol

law. cannot they say The Jews the best of her knowledge were and to of and the days before 2. Apostasy things P. those (Parley now. have read."being HisChrist: Jesus commenced When 1 Pratt, Discourses, Journal Vol of sad in a found Palestineministry He 176.)

the of apostasy Jews.condition among

All who had held authority of the PriestQUORUM PROJECTS hood had practically disappeared. The

spiritual leadership of the Jews was in ANTILIQUOR-TOBACCO the hands of enemies of the Savior's COLUMN WHAT IS YOUR QUORUMdoctrines and mission. The MelchizDOING?

course, been of Priesthood, hadedek the ADDITIONAL Israel with and Moses,taken from REPORTS OF PresidentParowanWilliamStake reports:R. PalmerInof thethe on continued RELIEF SOCIETY Priesthood hadAaronic

through many stormy scenes and was spring of 1939, the Elders'quorum still to be found to some small extent Asa report of further progress in the of the Cedar City Third Ward found at the time of the birth of Jesus Christ. * Campaign for the Nonuse of a threeacre tract of land, located withbelong- limits in the City, and of Cedar the Liquor as Zacharias, that evidence Tobacco, and think and naturallyWe could they the Indians, to which ing loyal of the support of the priests the Relieffather of one and of John,

the land, rented for $35.00. They officers Society clothed in this rent officiated temple in the and members waswho

flour, and potatoes, Indians in the paid this are publishing of Priesthood the following work the authoritywith we at the time John was born. Moreover, extracts from reports received by the cash, and then proceeded to prepare the

we are informed in the writings of Luke office of the general Relief Society ground for the seeding of potatoes.

that at the time of the birth of Christ Presidency Certified seed potatoes were obtained there was one Simeon, a righteous man, with quorum funds.

"who was just and devout, waiting for President Ethel B. Andrew of Mt. Ogden This quorum has about eightyseven

the consolation of Israel: and the Holy Stake reports: "Upon receiving your letter members and half of them participated

I 22, of August with checked our ward this project. potatoes were in The a him."was Simeon uponGhost was presidents, that reported the booklets who the during planted once and a week that revealed to himprophet and it was the of on nonuse alcohol and tobacco had twentyfive to twenty from summer beheld die until he not hadhe should distributed in been Therefore, every home.

the Son of God in the flesh. (Joseph Mt. Ogden Stake also reports 100 per cent."members of this quorum would go to

Fielding Smith, The Progress of Man, From Edna

Sevier Stake,P- 157.) weJ. Crane,have thesecretary,following:North"I theular fieldworkinwasthe done,evening,andafterdo thetheirhoeing,regwatering. and to that report there happy has been cultivating, am 3. from rabbi graduated no Jesus was

in distribution Sevier Stake North 16th, 100% of the October During week certificated schools,theological no of the three booklets sent the out Church by crop, the harvested the 1939, quorum of conpreacher, bearer no the on nonuse of alcohol tobacco."and of for part bags, yield being the 800 ininstitutions of ferred by men—Hisdegrees In reporting the distribution the of bookrealize to about expect they which highervestiture supremely of the was lets the of nonuse alcohol on tobacco, and will in cash. remainder $500.00 The ordinathat oforder, commission and Secretary of Bertha Franklin George M. in in the program Welfare used be Eternaltion at of the His our hands and Relief Society Stake says: taken "This was

desire. the bishop any may way... is care of incarnation visiting the throughFather. teachers our and was He

the After the potatoes had been dug of Relief the Society, and on checking up we E. Tal- (Jamesof PRIESTHOOD.

their which, planted Indians fall wheat it find that has been near done 100% as Sec- "Churchmage, The Deseret News tion,"July 15, 1933, p. 4.) as can be ascertained."due to the fact that the land had been

Edith H. Brown, president of Weiser well fertilized, should produce a good

4. "Well, but,"you say, "let the Stake Relief Society, reports: "We are crop next year.

Jews take their own standard."Then happy to report that the work (of distrib- J. Frank Jackson, president of the

they will neither have the Christian disuting the pamphlets) has been accomplished quorum, with his two counselors, Leall the of the our stake with wards exare the in thatpensation, of Condie, nor and Bauer William and Moses ception reports of of Vale, which 75% year. for next these of planning had Prophets, the Vandalready They because both

the having pamphlets. In homes one... large tract of not prothat the to land obtain a expect do in them Jewspower the teachers Priesthood ward where ward

fess to have. The Christian religion had not done this work, it was picked up enough to justify them in employing

had its inspired men, Apostles and by the Relief Society teachers and accomone of their members full time on the

Prophets. Those the Jews have not got. plished 100%."project. Some of the funds raised this

Moses and the Prophets had their mir- "We have 1,338 L. D. S. families in the year will be used to finance next year's

acles, gifts, powers, and oracles, men stake. To date the pamphlets are in 1,002 undertaking.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1939

Church Moves On—European Mission Evacuation

Released; City, Utah, Salt Released; Seare, Heber, Dean, Shaw, Lake John, Wilson WoodWilliam John {Continued 735) page from

St. Shields, Dennett, Released; Austin, Utah, Released; George, Jed Cragun Utah, row Ogden, John

States; Santa Cal.,Harold, Eastern Monica, Bowden, States; Smith, City, States; Central Utah, Dean Southern Salt Lake Weston, Doxey, Willard Ogden, Bingham

States;Barton Preston, Reid, Idaho, Western BramMarjorie, E., Smith, City, Released; Utah, Duehlmeier, Southern Salt G. Richmond, Lake Fred Henry

mer, States; City, Salt Douglas H., Eastern Lake Salt Released; States; Smith, Idaho, Utah, Driggs, Released. Duersch, J.Mack, Ogden, Hyram Nephi Henry

Briggs, Randall, Idaho, Released; Brown, Carey, John Salt States; Smith, Lowell City, Dean, Central Lake Northern Earl, Bunkerville, Nevada, Ken Owen

Salt City, Lee, Released; Brown,Emmett Lake Myron Clearfield, Dale, Smith, Texas; City, Milan Lake States.

Ricks, Idaho, Rexburg, Robert Texas; Buchannan, Salt States; Parkinson, Utah, Eastern Richard Smoot, Provo, Utah, Released. Frandsen, Ernest Jr.,

Bowers, Salt City, Released; Bushman, Lake States; City, Southgate, Eastern Dawson, MarLake Norman Released; Gillespie, Utah, Provo, Robert James

guerite, Salt Butler, City, Canadian; Lake David Stevens, Bala Pennsylvania, Canadian; John Cynwyd, City, Salt Larkin Glade, Western Richard Lake

Snowflake,Maxwell, Arizona, Released. Stewart, Byron, Texas; Abraham, Walter Wyoming, City, States; Released; Salt Goltz, Lake Adalbert

Call, Don Carlos, Brigham City, Utah, Eastern Travis, Salt Lake City, East Central States; StolMrs. Elizabeth P. Goltz, Salt Lake City, Released;

States; Idaho, Falls, worthy, Released; Call, Everett, Dora, Bountiful, Idaho Thos. Utah, Canadian; CampCity, Central Salt East George Lake Goold, William

bell, City, States; Salt Stoneman, Salt Alvin, Central Nellie City, Wilhelmina, James Lake Lake New States; ReGriner, Phoenix, Arizona, George Dean

Idaho, Irving,Clark, England; Rexburg, Released; Idaho, Summers, Marvin George Floyd, Georgetown, leased; LaVerkin, Utah, ReGubler, Donworth V.

Canadian. ScottClawson, Released; Salt City, Lake Romney, leased.

Taggart, East CenRuth Cody, Nash,Clawson, Wyoming, City, East Salt Spencer Lake Wiscomb,

Salt City, Dilworth Lake WestHammond, Whitney tral; Eastern Riley, Utah, States;Central Taylor, Farr Idaho, Clay, Nolan West, Thornton, Budge, Cyrus

Arizona, SouthStates; ern Louis Mesa, Haws, John States; East States; Centerville, Utah,Southern Ralph Tingey, Clayson, American Harold, Joseph J..

States;; Hildebrandt, ern Milwaukee, WisArnold City, Hill.Fork, States; Central Stuart Lorenzo, Brigham Utah, Tingey, States; Cornwall, Eastern Glenn

consin, States; Brigham, Central Hillam, Marcel Clark Utah,Murray, States; Utah, England. Eastern Crabb, Vard, Kirkham New

States; BrigHorsley, Burt Northern Utah, AndrewLchi, City, Wagstaff, Salt Lake Blain, Utah, WestDeland, Canadian; William Mesa, Leonard Cummard,

States; Fish Utah. Howell, ham, Western Geren V. ernArizona, States; Canadian. Wallace, Salt Lake Kimball, Benjamin

States, Idaho, Haven, Southern City, City, Salt Released; Lake Lyle McLean, Ward, Davis, Richard City, Utah, William, Brigham CanUtah, Rich, England; Central Jenkins, Charles Watkins, Utah, Logan, Jr., North Don Newadian; Decker, Kirtland, Craig Mexico, Adams, New

Released; Orville, States. Mexico, Lordsburg, Webb, NewProvo, Central;North Arizona, Phoenix, Dixon, Aloa, ReBountiful, States; Southern Salt City, Ida Clive Day, Kimball. Westerman, Jr., Lake Harold Newleased; Texas; Dixon, Utah, City, Boyle, Cedar Clyde

Grover, Utah, States; Eastern Harold Knudsen, Provo, SouthWheeler, England; Utah, Floyd Wesley 26, Philip City,Dixon, Salt August John, Lake Died

States; Eastern Utah, Wheelwright, Ogden, States; Knutti, Idaho, Montpelier, Don Southern Frank inBuried Salt Birmingham; Marsden, Lowell Durham,

Ririe, Utah, City, Released; Wilson, ern Jay, States; Salt David Ogden, Kratzer, Lake Harold Eugene City, Released.Lake

States; Ogden, Wallace Utah, William Western Salt City, Peter Released; North George Kuhn, Lake Elkins, Central; Salt Miller, City, East Lake Roy Marianne, Released; Vernal, States; Utah, Winder, Wiscomb, Central SouthKunkel, Utah, Holladay, RobertErskine, Salt City, Archibald, Lawrence North Lake Salt City, England. Lake ern Kirk, Pleasant Utah, States; New Grove, Paul WarrenCentral; Esplin, Released; Karl Shelley, G., Idaho, Canadian. Young, Utah, Delmar Johnson, Ogden, Released.Eyring, Central. Arizona, East Pima, LeRoy,

Preston, Idaho, Larsen, Southern Clayton Melvin Irwin, Foster, St. FrodsReleased; George, Utah,

States; Salt City, Southern Lasrich, George Ben Lake City,ham, Lee Released. LaMont, Brigham MISSION SWISS AUSTRIAN States; City, Loertscher, Southern Salt Lake Joseph States; Gardner, Beryl Hayden, Eastern Ruby, Utah,

States; Oregon, LaGrande, Lyman, Howard Watson Alta., Alexander, Remaining; B. Guy Raymond, Garfield, Milton Southern Tremonton, Day, Utah,

States. Southern Allen, City, Salt Nephi Simeon Remaining. LakeStates; Southern City, Grant Gay, Utah, Venoy. Joseph

City, Salt England; Mabey, Milo Lake Edward New Karl Released; Marion Provo, Bandley, Utah,States; Gillespie, City, Ernest, Salt Lake John New

City, Ririe Utah, North Manning, William Cedar Albert Beutler, City, Salt Released; John Wilford Lake Glass,England; Idaho, Stanley William R., Downey,

States; Grove, Marrott, Central Pleasant Lorenzo Vern Salt States; Bruderer, City, LaMar Northern LakeReleased; Goodson, Arizona, Ruby, Phoenix, NorthStates; Utah, Provo, Eastern Martin, Paxman Thomas City, Willard Bruderer, Harold Northern Salt Lakeern States; Clearfield, Green, Wilson, Utah. Van

Price, Utah, Released; Mathis, Utah, Morris States; Albert Weldon Black, Delta, Utah, Released. Leo States; Griffin,Central Rexburg, Idaho, Jesse, Ralph

City, Salt Julius Released; Meyer, Lawrence Lake Clayton. Maurice James Utah, Midvale, EngNew States.Eastern

States; Pocatello, Southern Ferryle land; Bryant McOmber, Auburn, Cranney, Doyle Wyoming, Wyndon Monticello, Released; Hammond, Mark, Utah,

Idaho, States. Central Released.Hawks, Utah, Grand Anderson, Northern Ogden,

Salt Alvin City, Northern Lake Niebuhr, Harry Jack Salt David, City, Pace Central; North LakeStates; Lee, Eastern Robert Hodson, Provo, Utah,

States; EastGreen, Fountain Utah, Oldroyd, Reed Arnold Durtschi, Idaho, Alfred Driggs, Released.States; Alex, Hoggs, MisMelvin Texas Utah, Eden,

ern Central States; Earl, Salt City, Olsen, Las GraceI. Lake Lee Don Vegas, Nevadasion; City, Holmes, Salt North Samuel LaMar, Lake

States. Fredrick Salt Central Reynold City, Lake Hardy, States; Holt, Robert,Central Provo, Utah, Grant ReStates; States; Bancroft, Parker, Keith Idaho, Central Rao June Salt Released. Hickman, City, Rene Lake inmaining Hopkins, England; Wilson, GarFrederick

Heinrich Pieper, Freidrich Rexburg, Idaho, Christian California, Taylor Wendell Jackson, CenOakland,land, States; Allen, Utah, Eastern Howard, Byron

tral States. Poll, Released; Richard Texas, Fort Douglas Worth,Huntington, Released; Melvin, Utah, Hurst, Blanding,

Karl Klinger, Richfield, Idaho, Canadian; States. Poulson, Stanford Utah, Cardon Rexburg, Eastern Eugene Texas.Utah,

Jacobson, Sterling George, Provo, Utah, Canadian; August C. Lenz, Glenwood, Alta, Can., Canadian; Eastern States; Donald Glen Poulton, Jr., Salt Lake

States. Linck, City, William City, Northern Salt Henry Lake Released;Jenkins, Northern Freedom, Dee, Wyoming, Wendell

Clarence Ellis Southern Littlewood, Rasmussen, Richmond, Richfield, Leo Utah, Utah, Theo CenNorthStates; Released; Jensen, City, Allen, Salt Lake

tral; States; Katherina City, Riegler, Salt Salt Lund, Howard Eastern Lynn City, Lake Lardonner Lake SouthCity, Clovis Utah,Jordan, Brigham Harman,J.

States; Riegler, Released; Nikolaus City, Alan Henry Released; Luke, Junction, Salt Utah, Lake Released.ern States.

Kearl, Chase DelMar, Preston, Idaho, Released; Hubert Wayne Macfarlane, Ogden, Utah, Released; Darrell Stanley Robins, Ogden, Utah, Released; Erma

Salt McLachlan, Southern States. City, William Salt Rosenhan, Lake City, Helen Southern Lake Eastern Neohi Arizona, Curtis,Kimball, Tucson, Gordon

States; Jesse Horace Plesant Salt Scoville, Monson, Grove, California, ReCity, Released; Walter LakeStates; Kimball, Shirl Elwood Burton, San Diego,

Northern States; King, David Sjodahl, Washington, maining. Myron Irving Seamons, Hyde Park, Utah, Western

Muthan Niederhausern, Logan, Utah, Southern States; Seibold, Idaho, Norman George ReNewdale,D. C. Released.

leased; Larson, Riverton, Sorenson, Vernan Utah, Charles Clinton Foster, Salt Lake City, Utah, New States.

England; Layton, L. R., Thatcher, Arizona, Western Daniel Wilcox Perkins, Collinston, Utah, Released. Eastern States; Elmer Ernest Stettler, Logan, Utah,

States; Leavitt, George Edward, Sacramento, CaliforElias D. Rees, Salt Lake City. Released; Edward Released; Thomas Frank Swallow, Salt Lake City,

nio, Western States; Lewis, Albert Lucian, Douglas, Rindlisbacher, Rexburg, Idaho, Released. Texas; Shirl H. Swenson, Spanish Fork, Utah, ReArizona, Released; Lunceford, Clyde Martin, Provo, Reed Eugene Saurey, Rexburg, Idaho, East Central; leased.

Utah, Texas; Lyman, Mark Perkins, Blanding, Utah, Don Carlos Schmutz, St. George, Utah, East Central; William Howard Thayne, Brigham City, Utah,

Released. Howard Blake Schmutz, St. George, Utah, Released; Texas; Douglas Niels Thompson, Bountiful, Utah,

William Schofield, Udall Hiko, East Jr., Nevada, States; Central City, Joseph Ralph Thompson, Cedar Salt City, Released; Louise, Lake Matheson, Edna

Central; Lewis Salt City, Smith, Warren Lake ReCentral States; Utah, Russell Tueller, Elmer Geneva, Salt Eastern City, Benjamin, LakeMatheson, John

maining; Herbert Smith, Utah, William Jr., Ogden, Released. Idaho, Phoenix, Arizona, Leo,States; Mickelson, Morris

Released, Idaho, Delbert Eastern Almo, Dwayne Ward, Salt Miller, City, States; Smith, Burton LakeCentral

David City, Salt Todd, Edwin Lake England. States; New Grant Idaho, Released; Weiser, Weber, Valaire, Miller, Utah, Eastern Ivan Hyrum, W.Released;

Arthur Rich Watkins, Released; Utah, Provo, Jones Central Salt City, Koenig Wilfred Wegener, Lake Alta., Western Canada, Taber, Miller,States; Walter,

Ennes White, Tremonton, Released; Utah, Samuel City, States; Milton Salt Lake Weilenmann, Salt Lyman Eastern City, Arave,States; Lake Jesse Moench,

States; Morgan, Eastern White, Utah, Max Joseph States; Idaho, Central Falls, Wells, City, Salt Hyrum Lake Twin Rose,States; Mugleston, America

Bitner Salt Wirthlin, City, Released; Lake Lyman City, Central; East Kyle, Salt Vincent, Welti, States; Lake Central Bennion WalterEast Murdock, Max

Rulon Wettstein, Cross, Released; Utah, Woods States; Central Salt Shipp, Salt Lake Frederick Musser, John Samuel Dakota, Wesche,South Texas;

Royal Victor Wolters, City, Salt Northern Lake City, States; in Newell Southern City, England; Albert George Ogden,Lake Remaining McKee, Wimmer,

States. States; States; East Utah, Central Wirthlin, Tridell,Seth, Central Joseph Utah, McKeon, Edward Max

Harold Salt City, Young, Empey ReJr., Lake California, Payson, Released. States; Utah, Angeles, Central Wolf, LosWilburn, Wilford Wright

leased. Provo, Utah, Pleasant, Ferdinand, Leslie Canadian. Nelson, Utah, Mt.

Alfred Stirling, Frederick Alberta, Zaugg, Can.,Texas.

Canadian; Keith Zollinger, Idaho, Rexburg, Walters MISSION SWEDISH States; Utah, Northern Mildred, Page, Payson, States; Northern Clinton Zollinger, Providence, David Grantsville, Released; Utah,Palmer, William, John Utah, States. Southern Ahlander, Provo, Joseph Utah, Fred Northern Salt City,Parkinson, Dale, Lake EngJoseph New

States; Alt, Charles Frederick California, Orange,land; Patterson, A,, Idaho, Released; Francis Carey,

Released; Salt Alvin Anderson, City, Re- M. Lake States; Provo, Monroe,Paxman, Utah, Northern Jr., MISSION WEST GERMAN leased; Anderson, Donald John Utah, North Richmond,Phillips, Falls, Albert, Carlos Released; Idaho, Twin

Central; Wallace Idaho, Anderson, Blackfoot, OwenPratt, Doris, Released. Utah, Ogden, Alfred William Alder, Utah, Murray, Western States. Central States; Springville, Donald Anderson, Rex Utah, Elliot, City, Rich, Utah, Lloyd Brigham North New Richfield, Barlow, Raymond Lee Utah, Central England. Salt Rich, City, Grover,Central; Jr., Lake Samuel States; Blomquist, Thorsten Bernardino, San Wayne Grant Baker, Watkins Magna, States;Eastern Utah, Northern Salt Richards, Lake George LaMont, Cal., Merrill Released; Borg, Utah, Sandy, LeRoy States; Balli, Frederick Karl States; SaltCity, City, Southern Northern Salt Joel, Richards, Lake Jr., Lake Ernest Central; Britzell, East Salt Oscar City, Lake States; Richard Salt Canadian; Philip City,City, City, L., Richards, Barnes, Salt John Released; Lake Lake States. Central Calvin Fielding, Bartholomew,Released; Richards, Horace, Utah, Fayette, Theodore Henry Southern Utah, Clair Carlson, Manti, Ruesch Utah, Released; Don States; States; Salt Leonard Richardson, Salt AcelWestern Lake Bingham, John City, Lake Wayne, CenArthur Carlson, Released; Willard, Utah, Ezra Roy tralCity, Eastern States; States; Roberts, Afton, Doris Lloyd, Black, Bayfield, Wyoming, Ether Colorado,

Salt Carlson, States; City, Lake Southern Arthur Ray States;Central Salt Charles Lake Romney, Released; Wilken, George Rowland Blake, Provo, Utah, North Carlston, Fairview, States. Central Utah, NorthCity, St. Canadian; George, Myles Romney, Central; Waldo, Blatter, Belo Chinook, Leland Montana, Stella Oregon, Minerva Released; Edvalson, Union, Texas.Utah, States; Northern Salt Grant Brown, Abbott City, Lake

Salt City, Released; Elggren, Wallace Raymond Lake States; North Central Clarence Buehner, Salt Lake Sabin, Bountiful, Miss Zara, States; Utah, Northern Elison, Idaho, Lavon Blackfoot, Central; East Kay States; City, Northern Burgi, Sylvan Utah, Midway,Saunders, Released; Anna, Utah, SchwendiOgden,

man, Fred Austin, Salt Lake City, Eastern States; Released. {Continued on page 746)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1939

Church Moves On—European Mission Evacuation

North Callahan, Provo, States; Southern Sterling Utah, Larsen, Fairview, Erick Lawrence Grundy (Continued page 745) from

City, Salt States; States; Larsen, Cannon, Lake Utah, Ashton, Jr., Therese Central Central Thyra Edwin Q.

Iona, Erickson, Albin Dehlin Idaho City, Salt Cardall, Lott, Idaho, ReStates; Huntington, Canadian; Taylor Central Lake S. Adelbert John

; City, Erick Erickson, Salt Lake Jr., Edwin Lehi, Utah, Northern Utah, Lingwall, Released; leased; Carson, Salt Jr., Karl Lake David Edward

States. Central Fayette, Utah, Christenson, States; States. CenCity, Gilmore Northern Don

States; Fors, Elizabeth Eastern Utah, Murray, Ruth Eastern Utah, Clark, tral Provo, States; Springs, Stephen Hone Madsen, Orrin Wyoming, Andersen Rock

Roosevelt, Fredrickson, Arvid Utah, Utah, States; CanJordan, States; L. Cooley, Utah, Martin, Everett Paul Northern Ogden, Andrew West

Pocatello, NorthIdaho, Jr., adian; Cox, Vernal, Utah, Central; Lester Merrell, T. George East Elmer Grant, States; Central Utah, Sandy, Claude W. Solomonville, Curtis. States. States; Central Frederick ern Samuel

Loren Fairview, Eugene Hamilton, Utah, CenEast Curtis, States; City, Salt Arizona, Utah, Chipman Nielsen, ReLake Arthur Northern Homer Brown

tral; Carl Layton, Earl Harris, Released; Daniel Utah, Released; Salt leased; City, Nielsen, Released. Utah, Hyrum, Eugene Hans Lake

Falls, Nathaniel Released; Otto Idaho, Holm, Idaho EngIdaho, Blackfoot, Utah, Released. Dance, Riverton, New Eldred Nosack, Leroy Joseph Walter

States. Carl Howell, Logan, Utah, Northern Jay States; States. land Central Provo, Utah, Olsen, Leon Chester

City, Central Salt Wallace Johnson, Edward Lake Central Lehi, North Sterling Utah, Stuart Evans, Released; Utah, Ross Olsen, Fielding Logan, Georqe

Salt States; City, Central Erick Gusta Johnson, Lake States. Charles City, P. Salt Olsen, Released; Hamlin Lake

States; Northern Preston, Idaho, Johnson, Darold John CenSalt City, North Gertsch, Lake Carl States. Benjamin Northern Angeles, California, Osborn, Los

States; Utah, Martin Logan, Johnson, Albin New Idaho, North Pocatello, tral States; Gray, Leo City, Van Salt Parry, North Lake CenGeorge Edwin SouthGrantsville, Utah, England; Johnson, Maxwell Utah, Provo, States; Green, Robert Central Raymond Eastern tral; Utah, Glenwood, Payne, Arnold E.

States; ern California, Sterling Inglewood, Johnson, A. Idaho, North Grover. Rexburg, R. Martel Released; States; Smithfield, Faris Peterson, North Utah, Joseph

States; Shelley, Central Johnson, Weaver Walden Utah, Lehi, Gunther, States; Central Frank Lloyd States. Central

Idaho, States; Johnson, Claudell Northern Walter Gurr, Parowan, States; Oliphant Southern Arnold Central Idaho, Preston, Rawlings, Sorensen Glen

City, Salt States; Johnson, Lake Central Kay Wayne Released. Utah, States.

Pleasant Jones, Berrett Grove, Utah, Released; Leon East Idaho, Pocatello, Harrison, Wellington Parry Phoenix, Arizona, ReSanders, Milton Wesley

States. Utah, Central Ogden, Hawkes, Higgenbotham States; Central Raymond Utah, Orangeville, maining; Sitterud, LaVar J. Salt City, Krantz, Lake Roland Eugene Hendricks, Russell Idaho, Released; David Drummond, States; Southern Salt Stromness, Richard Lake John

Hilbig, Karl Herbert Released; Idaho, Lewiston, Citv, States. Southern

Lakeside, Eastern Larson, Treat Arizona, Corwin Gordon Released; George Wisconsin, Milwaukee, City, Released; Salt Lake Thorsen, Walter Thomas States; Alberta, Larson, Floyd Leroy CanRaymond States; Central City, North Salt Hoxsie, Lake Jr., City, Eastern Salt Timpson, Austin Lake LeRoy Lindquist, ada, States; Central George North Rigby Central East Arizona, City, Joseph Hunt, Ray Max States; Centerville, NorthTingey, Utah, Derrell Beryl Duncan, Lunt, Utah, Released; Logan, Elno James States. Sacramento, States; Louise Torgersen, ern Amalie Arizona, Southern States. East CenUtah, Brigham, Jensen, Sterling Moroni States. California, Central

California, Beach, Malmquist, Long Perry Theodore Utah, tral Richmond, States; Johnson, Hatch Fay City, Released. Salt Lake Vogeler, Olaf Haakon Pleasant. Released; Matson, Mt. Lindstrom Joseph States. Central East States. Eastern Earl Utah, Wilson, Hagert Hyrum, Salt Utah, Morrison, Released; Frederick William City, Salt EngKasteler, Lake New Howard Alma

City, Lake Released. Idaho, Kauer, Rexburq, States; William land Ralph

Cross, Utah, Nelson, Ensign Woods, Woodrow City, ReSalt MISSION Lake States; Kmetsch, Ralph FRENCH Western

States; Southern Randolph, Norris, Lynn Wilford East Idaho, Roller, Weston, leased; Parley LaVell

States. Utah, Northern Canadian; Utah, William June Ogden, Andrew, States. Central

States; Richfield, Sarah Utah, Eastern Ogden, Ann Released. Utah, Fork, Cropper Ashby, American Released; City, Salt Lambert, Lake Hunter Paul

States; Salt City, Alice Olson, Central North Lake Idaho, Anthony, St. Bagley, ReJoseph Donald States; Northern Salt City, Lindsay, Lake Ralph Mark

City. John Released: Ernest Salt Olson, Lake LeRoy Utah, Ririe leased; Barlow, Ogden, Glen New Released. Utah, Benjamin, Ludlow, Charles Max

States; AlCentral Olson, Pavson. Don Utah. Glade Idaho, Pocatello, Beesley, England; Hibbert Norman City, Released; Salt Lake Manookin, Robert Park

Florence fred States; Orton, Northern Utah, Sandy, Logan, Utah, Bodrero, Canadian; Grant Llewellyn States; Western Utah, Brigham, Merrell, Yates John

Central Pleasant Grove, Oscarson, North Utah, W. Canadian. Idaho, City, Western Sugar Montague, Wallace Dea

City, States; Salt Oscarson, Lake Hjalmar Theodore States; Idaho, Call, Bannock, Northern Dean Elmo CenEast Utah, States; Harris Ogden, Myers, David

Released. City, Salt England; Lake Nibley Cannon, Georqe New tral States.

Central Earl Pearson, Duchesne, East Utah, Thomas Alberta, Canada, Cardston, Briqham Card, Young Southern Utah, Monroe, Nordgren, Valentine Jason

States; Smithfield, Peterson, Arthur Utah, North Kermit Arizona, Pratt Released; Stanley Tucson, Cardon, Utah, Northern Nuttall, Ephraim, States; Arlo James

States; City, Central Peterson, Salt Carl Lake Olof City, Salt Svlvia Canadian; Evelyn Lake Carmen, States.

States. Southern Clark, Tooele, Released; Utah, Samuel Wayne Idaho, Western Stone, Palmer, Morris Gerald

Released. Salt City, Quist, Barr Eldredge Lake Rexburg, East Idaho, Covington, Canadian; Ross Lynn Western States; Utah, Logan, Prows, Dennis LeRoy

Eastern Logan, Utah, Ellwood Rasmuson, West Central; Remainino. Chapouis, Gaston States.

States; CenUtah, Ravston, Clarkston, Alvin Vance Davis, Salt City, Clifton Released; WilLake Roy Falls, Idaho, Northern Idaho Smith, Lewellyn Albon

tral States; Salt Reynolds, Lake Clarence Warren Balls Park, Released; liam Utah, Duce, James Hyde City, Released; Salt States; Smith, Lake Briant Grant

City, States; Logan, Southern Rogers, Lewis Max Released. Dunn. Logan, Utah, Howard City, Released; Salt Lake Snow, MacArthur Burke

States. Central Utah, East Idaho, Francis d'Alene, Willis Ericksen, Cour Central City, Salt Sorensen, August Lake Marvin

Salt City, Released; Lake Sandberg, Kenneth Oscar Canadian. States.

Central City, Salt Lake Charles Soderborg, Alvin Fails, Spanish Idaho, Boise, AmerClark Herman Released. Utah, Newton, Clarke Rigby, Don

Richfield, States; Utah, Sorensen, Wallace Sammy ican; City, Salt Farnsworth, Burton Lake Dean New Teichert, Cokeville, Wyoming. Kohlhepp Herman

Portland, Steckler, States; OreEastern Fred Melvin Seattle, Fletcher, Washington, England; Eugene Jr., Utah, States; Terry, Ogden, Central Frank Nebeker

States; gon, Paul Stumm, Central East William Utah, Released. Released; Funk, Benson, Reese Rex Utah, Tribe, CenStates; L. Royal Southern Ogden,

Franklin States; Central Utah, Tremonton, George City, Salt Jr.. CanTames Giauque, Arnold Lake tral States.

States; Barton Paulus Logan, Eastern Swenson, Utah, Cal., adian; Gillespie, Angeles, Robert Los William Falls, Idaho. Idaho Western Wallace. William Lew

States, Central Svedin, Deeth, North Nevada, North Central. Idaho, ReFremont, States; Watson, Barton Hyer

Central Utah, East Thompson, Hyrum, Clark Owen Utah, Released; Fork, Spanish Hallam, Marie California, Oakland, leased; Fredrick Weindorf, Roy

States; Salt North City, Thorup, Esther Lake Wilma Idaho, Falls, Released; Hatch, Charles Steven Idaho City, Salt Lake West, Released; Knowlton Richard

States. Central Arizona, Southern Douglas, Leonard Haymore, David Provo, Williams, Carroll States; Denon Central East East Grantsville, Utah, Charles Worthington, Ivan States; Arizona, Douglas, Franklin Haymore, Lant Released. Utah,

States. Central Payson, Hendrickson, England; Rulon Andrew New Central; Idaho. East Burley, Yeaman, C. Rex

Holley, Utah, Utah, Canadian; Ogden, Elma Fork, Utah, American ReCan- Clifford Earl Young, MISSION NORWEGIAN adian; Hutchinqs, Utah. Beaver, Released. Ralph Bay Eastern Utah, leased; Heber, Powell Jr.,Young, David

Ivory, City, Released. Frances Salt Jeanne Lake States.

Central Salt Charles Anderson, Lake City, Symons Citv, Released. Salt Kerr, Knight Belnap Lake Released. Zollinger, Providence, Utah, Ray Dimond Preston, North States; Idaho, Auger, Bernon Jensen Larsen, Canadian; Franklin Provo, Utah, Ronald

Central. California, Lauper, ReOakland, LaVerne Dennis

Ben Erwin Bagley, Koosharem, Utah, Eastern States; Elizabeth Salt Lake City, Leaver, ReCZECHOSLOVAKIAN MISSION leased; Edna

Albert Vern Brewster, Salt Lake City, Northern leased; Lamont Leavitt, Leavitt, Alberta, Canada, Reed Russell Allen, Hvrum, Utah. Released.

Released. States. Utah, Delta, Verdell R. Bishop, Paradise, Lee. Utah Canadian; Gurney Worth

States. Arizona, Eastern Utah, Carlston, Robert Ephraim, East Central Duncan, Willis Dees, Reid John Salt Canadian. City, Lees, Lake Winn; Jay

Eastern Falls, States; Salina, Christensen, Idaho, Ursin NorthIdaho Utah, Ezekiel Robert Lee, Homer City, Released; Salt Malstrom, Lake Max Thorpe

ern States; Parley Christiansen, Nephi, Don Released; States. Pocatello, Idaho, Garr Merrill. Utah, Lowell

Bernardino, Christopherson, Released; Milton Madsen, Idaho Falls, Idaho, Released; Asael Grant N. San Idaho, Rexburq, Canadian. Stanley McCulloch,

Cal., Released; Adrian Clinger, Salt Lake City, East Delightra Katherine Passey, Ogden, Utah, CanMoulton, Heber City, Utah, Released.

Central States; Rulon Joseph Floyd Cooper, Hollywood, Paul, Canadian; Utah, Robert Ogden, adian; Thomas

California, Canadian. HowardS.LeonPayne,Risenmay,Heyburn.Shelley,Idaho,Idaho,Released.Released. Central; North Jr., Utah, Ogden, Earl Read, William

Vaughn Miller Erekson, Murray, Utah, Southern Janeth Russell, Columbus, Ohio, Canadian,

States. Adolph Edward Schmidt, Salt Lake City. Released; DANISH MISSION

A. Farnsworth, Arizona, North Mesa, Joseph Citv, Shurtleff, Sterling Salt NorthJr., Lake Georqe Eastern City, Salt Christian Lake Andersen, Hans States; Fridal,Central Tremonton, Grant DeVereJr., States; City, Salt ern Canadian. Lake Heber Central Utah, Ingar States; Andersen, Ogden, States. Eastern Utah, Central. Utah. Logan, North Tarbet,T. Smith, Theurer Clyde States; Released. Utah, Andersen, Ingrid Ogden, Salt City, SouthChester Geertsen, Eugene Lake Idaho, Canadian; Heyburn, Roland Warr, Max States; Eastern Blanding, Utah, Bayless, Adelia States; ern Albert Utah, Tooele, Gowans, Sherman Released; Utah, Lewis Wallsburg, Ben Whitinq, Southern Orderville, Utah, Caroll Bolander, William Salt States; Southern Gulbrandsen, Ralph Norman Released. Idaho, Boise, Williams, Edris Morse City, States; Salt Southern Breinholt, Lake Verle Don States. City, Central North Lake Released. Idaho, Blackfoot, Yancey, Lowell James Released. States; Utah, Breinholt, Ephraim, Otto Frank Pocatello, Idaho, Hartvigsen, East Arnold Jack

States. Central Jensen, Rexburg, Idaho, Central EAST GERMAN MISSION AlvinAshalNielsCalder,Christensen,Jr., Logan,Vaughn,Utah, Montana,Northern CentralStates; Loy Maughan

'States; Norman Oliver Jensen, Salt Lake City, Northern Carl Chandler Adair, Salt Lake City, North Central; States; Donald Roy Christensen, Huntington Park,

States, Glen H. Johnson, Rexburg, Idaho, Released; Wynn Severine Andersen, Brigham City, Utah, North Cal., East Central States; Henry Emanuel ChristianJack Edwin Johnson, Brigham City, Utah, Released; Central; Donald Ashdown, Bountiful, Utah, Eastern sen, Manti, Utah, North Central States; Elmer Arthur

LeRoy Walter Johnson, Salt Lake City, Northern States. Collins, Preston, Idaho, North Central States.

States; Louis Earl Johnson, Blackfoot, Idaho, ReArthur Egon Babbel, Twin Falls, Idaho, Southern; Harrison Fames, Lovell, Wyoming, East Central

leased; Norman Oscar Johnson, Salt Lake City, NorthChad M. Bertelson, Ephraim, Utah, Southern States; States.

ern States; Oman Dorian Johnson, Logan, Utah, EastCharles Eldon Bitter, Salt Lake City, Northern States; Thyge Christian Gronning, Delta, Utah, Central

ern States; Thorvald Morck Johnson, Salt Lake City, John Holladay Bjarnason, Salt Lake City, Northern States.

North Central States; Nolan Wight Jorgensen, Idaho States; James Robert Blaser, Logan, Utah, East CenAnna LaRetta Hansen, Salt Lake City, Released;

Falls, Idaho, Released. tral States; Deane Wakley Brown, Bannock, Idaho, Arthur Theodore Hansen, Idaho Falls, Idaho, East

Floyd Arthur Knight, Salt Lake City, Released. Released; Roger Ashwell Brown, Seattle, WashingCentral States; Leo Godfred Hansen, American Falls,

Clarence Michael Larsen, North Ogden, Utah, ton, Released. Idaho, Southern States; Loyal Hansen, Idaho Falls,

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1939

Church Moves OnEuropean Mission Evacuation fromPresidentWest GermanM. DouglasMission.Wood released

President Alfred C. Rees released from

City, Falls, Central Salt Lake Turner, Idaho White Sherman Haroldsen, Alice States; SouthernIdaho, Mission. E. East German Thomas McKay,

City, States; Central Salt Lake Alfred Higginson, Robert Tame, States; Dale Young Central EastIdaho, president, also presiding Mission Swiss SouthTaylor, Utah, States; Ogden, George Donald States. Northern Idaho,Bancroft,

Donald A. Jensen, Sandy, Utah, Eastern States; ern States; Harold Cromar Taylor, Salt Lake City, over East and West German Missions.

Salt Taylor, Lake States; Parkin Southern LeRoy Fork, Remaining Utah, American Jensen,Phil Dunn

States. City, Northern Colorado, Manassa, Jensen,in Harmon Vern Denmark; Organized Stake

Released; Martha Braak, Utah, Ogden, Herman Johansen, Ogden, Van Everett States; Ralph CentralEast

Released; Utah, Henry Maathuis Braak, stake is now in process of or* Ogden, Johnson, Van States; Harvey Roy Central A new NorthUtah,

Released; Salt City, Linden, Thomas Lake Vander Magleby States; Rheim Southern Idaho,Rexburg, California. ganization in Southern

Released; Utah, Drimmelen, John Jr., Ogden, in Van Denmark. City, Remaining Salt LakeJones,

States; Central Utah, Limburg, Ogden, States. Mathew Van Southern Manti, Utah, Kjar, Everett Floyd Appointed Presidents Stake Sr., Verstegen, Pieter North Judicus Marinus Jan Northern Utah, Fork, Spanish Larsen,George Max

in Derrell Netherlands, Holland; Holland, Remaining California, Oakland, Lauper, appointed E. JuliusStates; Burgi president of George Ralph

States. Chappell Northern Nephi, Utah, Vickers, States. CentralEast

Pingree, Idaho, Cornelius Gayle Williams, Utah, Eastern Provo, Madsen, Grant Leven Eastern Taylorthe OneidaNelson.Stake to succeed President States. Utah, Mt. Pleasant, New EnglandStates; Madsen,John

States; Roger Paul Monsen, Salt Lake City, Released; Roy B. Burnham appointed president of

PALESTINESYRIAN MISSION Released. City, Salt Lake Mortensen, DowellJoe to F. Stake President succeed Elmer Young

California, Los Angeles, Nelson, Nels Lawrence Taylor. Boss, Russell Herbert Utah, Garland, Northern Arizona, Tucson, Nielson, Ellis Giles States;Southern

States; Released; Utah, Byron Clark, Provo, William presiFraser appointed Alexander Nielsen, Christian States; Soren Dunn HansNorthern

Ellis Idaho, Falls, Orchard, Northern Dean Twin Released. Utah,Huntsville, dent of to Pressucceed Stake the Tooele Utah, Clinton Provo, Washburn, Woodrow States; States; Southern Utah, Neola, Olsen, Richard D. ident L. Alfred Hanks. Released. City, Released. Salt Lake Olson,Earl Eidswold

Jarvis Merrell Petersen, Brigham City, Utah, NorthFred C. Horlacher appointed president of

ern States; J. Marcell Pitcher, Cornish, Utah, East MISSION PRESIDENTS RELEASED PRIOR the Nevada Stake to succeed President

States.Central ACTIVITIES TO EVACUATION E. Hinckley. Elmer

States; Calvin Central Lehi, Utah, Carl Racker,

Iverson appointed president of John M. President Larsen (Cedar City) States. and Mrs. Gustive O. Utah, NorthernStanley Rasmussen, Sandy,

Roy Thomas Shaw, Jr., Brigham City, Utah, Central of Swedish Mission. the Los Angeles Stake to succeed President

President and Mrs. Alfred Treasureton,States; Shumway, Benjamin Andrew C. Rees (Salt Lake Leo City) of East Mission. German Sorenson, States; RobertIdaho, Earl East Central DavidJ. Muir.A. Butler appointed president of Keith Stevens, MontReleased; Utah,Logan, Leon

pelier, Idaho, Southern States. MISSION PRESIDENTS RELEASED OWING the Snowflake Stake to succeed President

Central Elfrida, L. Arizona, Floyd Thompson, F. Smith. Samuel TO ACTIVITIES WAR

City, Salt LakeStates; William Thompson, Hooper L. Bunker, president Bryan of appointed States; Ephraim,Central Maiben Thompson, Talmage President Mrs. and F. Toronto Wallace and chilthe President Stake to succeed WilMoapa States; Thurston, dren, East Elroy CentralUtah, LeRue Marian, Robert Sharp, Carol City) (Salt Lake

Richfield, Utah, Southern States. of Czechoslovakian Mission. Left Salt Lake May 4, lard L. Jones.

1936. Mayfield, Utah, Central Morris Clyde Whitlock, E. president of Joseph Beard appointed Idaho,States; President Niels Williams, Weston, children, Herbert and Mrs. and E. Evans Joseph

to Stake Summit succeed President WilShirley, Francine, States. Sears,Southern of Utah) (Ogden, French the

Mission. Left Salt Lake June 29, 1938. lard Heber Wilde.

President Mrs. chiland Franklin and Murdock J. president Bertram appointed Jones M. MISSION NETHERLANDS dren, Joyce, (Salt City) Thomas, of Lake Netherlands

of the in Calistake being organized now Mission. Salt Left 17, Lake 1937. June California, Anderson, Blaine Lynwood, Harold

President fornia. and Mrs. children, Douglas M. and Wood States; Lucille Astle, Bertha Angeles,Southern Los

Marie, Carolyn, Anna (Salt City) of Lake WestCal., States. Southern

Mission. German 7, Left Salt 1938. Lake June Organized Wards Cornelius Barton, Millian Released; Roy, Utah, Glen

President children, Mrs. and Joseph Jacobs andBird, Sandy, OrderReleased; Blackburn, Utah, Tone creStake, Pasadena Van Ward, Nuys Geraldine, Lamont, of (Salt PalestineCity) Lakeville, States; St. Central Blaine Utah, Blake. James ated Syrian Mission. Salt of the a division Left 23, by 1937. Lake North Hollywood July States; Idaho, Blake,Anthony, Central Lawrence

Ward. Salt Utah, Central;Murray, Boekweg, Carl North PRESIDENTS IN RETAINED EUROPE City, States; Elwin Boice,Lake Angeles, Southern Los transStake, Luis Alamosa San Ward,

Cal., States; Southern Brewerton, Salt Oscar Joseph ferred President Mission. States from B. (Salt Western Hugh of City) Brown Lake States; City, CentralLake Brown, Lynn Wright British Mission. Mrs. sons Brown, and Hugh created'Price Stake, Third Carbon Ward,Provo, Central States. Utah. Charles Manley, and daughter Carol rehave Rae Clell Covington, Loren Hurricane, Canadian. Utah, division of a First Price Second by and turned to Utah.

Dalebout, Harold Adrian Southern Utah, Ogden, President B. Wards. Garff (Salt Mark of Lake City) DanishStates; Dalebout, William City, Salt Henry Lake Mission. Garff Mrs. son, and have Ryberg, Mark Eighteenth EighNorth South and WardEast Central; Utah, Ogden, Arend Heyo DeBoer, returned home.

States;Central Johanna Delta, teenth Mrs. Stake, Utah, Dekker, created Ensign were Ward, President Mrs. and Evans Thomas and McKay States;Northern Escalante, Delong, Utah, H. Joe division the a of daughter Eighteenth Louise (Huntsville, by Ward. of Utah) Mission. SwissReleased. Left Salt Lake 23, July 1937. Daughter Barbara Hills Stake, Beverly Hollywood Ward, Elzinga, Salt City, Haykens Central Nanno Lake in returned August.

States, division created of Earl Wilshire a England, William was Logan, Ward. Central Utah, by President and Israelsen John A. Mrs (Hyrum,

States; Gill Alta., Evans, Alma Can., Raymond, Stake, created of Utah) Wells Norwegian Ward, by Mission. Left McKay Salt SepLakeCanadian; Evertsen, Utah, Jack North CenOgden, tember 15, 1939. Israelsen returned Son John Howard division of a Waterloo Ward.tral States; Cal., Marion Evertsen, Angeles, Los John to Utah. created Stake, States. WellsEastern Columbus Ward,

Earl Richard Garbett, Nephi, Utah, Central East parts from Burton of Wells and Wards.

States; Grant Greenhalgh, Safford, B. Arizona, created Ivins Stake, from Wells Ward,leased; Henry Central Grimshaw, Utah, Cedar, J. ReCHURCH PERSONNEL AND of parts Belvedere McKinley, Wells, andStates.

Robert William Hansen, Salt Lake City, North ORGANIZATION CHANGES Wards.

Central: Hart, Clyde Utah, Ogden, Enqland; New 1939 APRIL, SINCE Third Tooele and Tooele Second Ward Hart.Jane Ogden, Utah, Rogers Glenn

Stake, created were Tooele Ward, by a Preston,Hawkes, Idaho, England; LaVar NewReleased: following in personnel changes R. npHEHooley, Pleasant Grove, States; Utah, division Northern of Tooele North Ward.

Harold Hoopes, Brigham, Whitney Utah, North organization and were announced First Fourth Tooele and Tooele WardCentral, October created Stake, Conference were Tooele by a as having Ward, Jacob A. Jensen, Marion, Utah, East Central; Orme at the

M. Jergensen, St. Anthony, Idaho, Released; Fannie occurred since the April Conference. division of Tooele South Ward.

Van Baerum Jongsma, Ogden, Utah, Released; Klaas

Jongsma, Ogden, Utah, Released. Mission Presidents Ward Transferred

Central;J. RobertWilliamKest,HenryOakland,Koew, SaltCalifornia,Lake City,NorthEast Leo J. Muir appointed to preside over the Temple Ward, Maricopa Stake, trans*

Central; William John Koldewyn, Ogden, Utah, ReNorthern States Mission to succeed Presiferred from Phoenix Stake.

leased. dent S. Bryant Hinckley. Christian Larsen, Ray Changed Names North Utah, North Ward Xogan,

F. to John appointed preside BowmanCentral; Lindsay, Walter Glenn Lathrop, California, Fullerton Stake, Long Beach Ward, States;Eastern Loveless, Tillman the Payson, Utah, over Central Ned States to Mission succeed

as formerly States.Eastern known Anaheim Ward. President Elias S. Woodruff. Easton Kent Mathews, Los Cal., Angeles, Released; formerly Stake, Kirtland Ward, Younq Levi to Edgar appointed preside YoungVernona Mendenhall, Thatcher, Idaho, Northern as Burnham known Ward.States; Lawrence Salt the over City, Morgan, EastLake to Mission England succeed W. New

ern States; Cloyd Eugene, Myers, Utah, Jr., Ogden, President F. Carl Eyring. Branches Made WardsEast Central.

C. Roscoe to preside appointed over Cox Perry Albert Nelson, Rockland, Idaho, Eastern formerly Mt. View Ward, Lyman Stake,

States; Bert Richard Noorda, Hawaiian Mission to succeed Utah, President East the Ogden, branch. independent

Central. Francis Bailey. W. formStake, Sacramento Modesto Ward, Elizabeth S. Oosterhuis, Salt City, Released; Lake Israelsen to A. appointed preside JohnSyzina E. Oosterhuis, Salt City, Lake Released. erly branch. independent

Antone Elias Ravenberg, North Ogden, Utah, Reover the Norwegian Mission to succeed leased; Karl Reeder, City, David Brigham Independent Branches New Utah, President Peterson. A. Richard

States.Eastern

President Gustive Blaine Stake. Branch, Romedell O. Larson released from James Shupe, LeGrand North NorthOgden, Utah,

ern States. Swedish Mission. (Continued on page 755)

TEMPLE WORK (From an address made by Elder Margether their living relatives, that they may have carried out His design in relation riner Merrill the at also, General be Conference saved the earth before will be W. things. to these opportunities are The

smitten, in the fallsof the the Tabernacle, Church, and consumption decreed Salt Lake within our placed the reach wherein 4th, the Friday, world.City, upon 1895.) October

to of hearts the fathers turned be may his closing in alludedPresident Snow chilchildren the the hearts of the and again: AndA to subject the of working words in fulfillment fathers, to the the of dren greatest responsibility this in The world

isfor the dead. a me this To. of Presithe Lord. words very that.. The after has laid to seek God upon us is

important subject for Latterday Saints our dead. dency of the Church hold the key to this

to consider. Our Elders go abroad to work. They direct its affairs; perhaps

the different nations of the earth and These sayings are just as true as the the Lord has not revealed everything to preach the Gospel, and gather up a few sayings of President Woodruff on this them yet, but He will reveal line upon people, "one of a city and two of a subject. The Lord recognizes in His line, as He did to the Prophet over a

family,"and bring them to Zion. It servants the right and authority to adyear ago the propriety of extending the

is on this principle that this congregavise and counsel the Saints in these matsealing ordinance further than we had tion is here. There are people here ters. We quote from Peter, and we previously done. Of course, that added

from the various nations of the earth. quote from James and John, and other a little more work to the temples. So

Some of these have availed themselves prophets, and we have the same right other things may be revealed by and of the opportunities afforded in laborto quote from the Prophet Joseph, or by. But suffice it to say, we have a

ing in the interests of their dead kinfrom the Prophet Brigham, or from great many things revealed that we dred. But I have thought sometimes the Prophet Wilford. In fact, to me have not done anything about yet.

that this subject was not so seriously the living oracles of the Church are A great many of us have not yet been considered by the Latterday Saints as more important, if we should make any baptized for our kindred and friends, it ought to be. Our President, Brother difference at all, than the written word. and they are numerous on the other

Wilford Woodruff, has labored a great It is a good thing to have the Bible, side of the veil. We have more relamany years in the temples; has done the Book of Mormon, and the Book of tives and friends on the other side than

more work, perhaps, than anybody else Doctrine and Covenants; but it is a little we have here, and when we go there

in the Church for his kindred and others better in my mind to have the living we will meet them. Some people spend

who have passed away. oracles of God in our midst.... their time and their means to search

To me it is a certainty that beyond These servants of God have had the out the genealogies of their fathers, and the veil is a reality as much as here, and spirit of Joseph in continuing the work some are waiting for the genealogies it is a certainty that our kindred on the that was commenced by the Prophet in to come to them. The counsel that I

other side are watching anxiously over the erection of temples, and millions of have given to the Saints in this regard our movements in this direction. We dollars have been spent by the Latteris this: Do for those that you have.

have in operation four temples in the day Saints in the building of temples, Some will say, "I am waiting till I get

Church,... but we have not done a and I suppose some few nonMormons a few more names before I go to the

great deal of work yet compared to the have contributed also for this purpose. temple."But do not wait for that.

amount that we have to do. There is an object in all this, and Go and officiate for those you have, and

The Prophet Joseph, to whom the the Latterday Saints should consider then in humility seek the Lord that the

Lord revealed this work in the first inthe purposes for which the temples of way may be opened for you to obtain stance, had great concern about it. He the Lord are erected. We cannot get more records.

impressed the importance of it on the along without them now; we have had The Lord is moving upon quite a

minds of the Saints in the latter part of too much experience. If we had not number of people in the world to write

his ministry among the people.... He built those temples, the Lord might have records and genealogies—more so at

felt that the Saints should have interrejected us. The Saints in all parts of present than ever before. People are

est in it and go to with all their might the land should consider seriously these searching after these things, and perand labor in the interest of their kindred matters. You want your children sealed haps they know not why; but the Lord

dead, and he talked to them frequently to you; you want your wives sealed to is moving in this direction, and a great

about it. In speaking in regard to the you, and wives want their husmany people can obtain their records

Saints becoming saviors upon Mount bands; you want your folk that have through this channel, if they will maniZion, the Prophet Joseph said thus to gone beyond the veil officiated for. fest an interest in it. Of course, it

his brethren: We have only just commenced this takes a little time and perhaps a little

this. to are It is accomplish means But work. that to we a subject ought we are they saviors to become But how on this reto. to here work. be do Lord great awakened The... many A building their Zion? temples,Mount By

it it is at quires imporhands, in our and people the Church have not done theirerecting fonts, baptismal going and forth and receiving all the ordinances, bapanything yet. Only a comparatively tant that we should give it consideration

tisms, confirmations, washings, anointings, few people in the Church have seemed and not let our* lifetime pass away withordinations, and sealing powers upon their to have much interest in this work; and out availing ourselves of the opportuniheads, in behalf of all their progenitors who I will venture to say here that there are ties that are presented to us.

are dead, that and them they redeem may plenty of people that It is said that contributed cannot get everybody have first forth resurrection in thecome and be liberally If to building towards temples go to the temple. and a recommend toexalted thrones of glory them; with and

herein is the chain that binds the hearts they have not entered into them yet. there are any that cannot get a recomof the fathers to the children, and the chil- I find people of this kind almost every mend, they are in fault themselves,

dren to the fathers, which fulfills the mission day. They say they have helped build perhaps, and I would advise all the

of Elijah. the temple, but they have not had time Saints to straighten themselves up,

yet to go in and officiate. "But I must humble themselves before the Lord, reHe further says: take time,"is what they will exclaim. pent and turn unto the Lord, and acThe Saints have not too much time to It is a responsibility that the Lord complish this work that is required at

save and redeem their dead, and gather tohas placed upon us, and His servants our hands.

m w tmi TRACY Y. CANNON, MARVIN O. ASHTON

Chairman GENERAL CHURCH MUSIC COMMITTEE FRANKMATILDAW.W.ASPERCAHOON

D. PYPER,GEORGE

First Vice Chairman and Treasurer General Offices General Church J.ALFREDSPENCERM. DURHAMCORNWALL

Music Committee LESTER HINCHCLIFF

ROBERTSON,LE ROY Vice Chairman 50 NORTH MAIN STREET, IANETGERRITM.DETHOMPSONJONG, fR. SecondJ.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH D. STERLING WHEELWRIGHT

N. LORENZO MITCHELL, ALEXANDER SCHREINER

Secretary FREDA JENSEN

selection whole a Sometimes for it reading increased, more voices. meansTHE ACCOMPANIST are

to make it transposed up faithful is better lines. practice Constant and

By Dr. Frank W. Asper will do wonders toward making the brighter, or down to give it a more

It been has tone. serious darker sightreader. perfect and that the accompanist happensTt often wellknown a transposing that found directors complain because Many musical choir for has more the had of out chorus the get will their transpose, up number cannot accompanists

is It director. imthetraining than carelessly they have is ruts this into which that realize not one but they do without well organ to anpossible play on them keep to will fallen, tend difficult do. to and things Transof the most often study, people butconsiderable of are methods pitch. many There desight-reading, well posing, as as organizations musical to leadattempt is to surest It the but transposing, way practice. large extent on to a pends for little opportunity but had havewho of harmony knowledge is a have often good tremen- a timesaving very and to acable are they althoughstudy, analyzing of habit the cultivate to and to director to able the be help dous of with deal great good acomplish bass the from reading up chord, every especially passage transpose a down,

ability. organizingtheir executive and note. is it to high quite written and when director the somecircumstances suchIn

it the strain times to repeat will learn would many accompanist good The training of superior the resentstimes a ideas. director's With anticipate the retard can Nothing accompanist.the

to able little should be experience he organization the more ofthe progress the it is where tell announced before in that find attitude. suchthan an We pitch the give start to will singers and EXPERIMENTAL OF STUDY AN the accompanist case everyalmost good, a solidly with singers for and the PERCEPTIBILITY THE AND director. the support help to Hewishes to also anticipate means full MUSIC SYMBOLS SPACING OF tone. To musically, to value of great him becan organist helpful alert, the prevent, and Ph.D., assert F. him- (Lorin Wheelwright, Bureau not should he althoughand notes in failures foresee will learn to College, Publications, of Teachers all at if times wrong, thingsself go even unprevent even intonation and or University. pages. $1.85.) 148 Columbia to perform has duty athe accompanist these before choir in steadiness the organization. theto it years recognized been has many is It to be place. actually take things FOR constantly must accompanist The our confusing inadequate and how the sometimes that regretted when practice, but only not progress,try to by is. rests music of system symbols Whole mistake off a pitch or makes sings choir instruthe are sharps, rests, of constant study naturals halfalso and and and by exto organists proceed in notes some is that to alike mistaken apt so be one he the chorus, much and related to asment renot are they that hibit fact the difficult to recogfor other. are the Others his try to improve continuallymust that it choir the sponsible, that was at close distance from nize a except very musicianship. intellectualtechnique and

organist. This the this fault not at suppoproves reader. author the and The was all attend as many means should byHe chilseveral directly sition with thousand nothing accomplishes really attitude possible, and as music ofconcerts good characters dren, or symbols which showing for the illfeeling, will create only and orlarge concerts where especially offenders. the are worst to will try smooth ideal accompanist these In days heard. when arechestras that conclusively also proves when He as the mistake things over and make is universal, to so is radio the according horizontally of use spacedthe music

possible. as unobtrusive it it to easier read values, time for is little the makes much accomexcuse there

panist's not listening to much good and to perform. All choirs sing out of tune at times,

music in an effort to improve his muDr. Wheelwright is to be commended due to many causes, but the organist

his attacking for attitude something in bold on keep help them to can much dosicianship.

is yet that so wellso and haphazard now voices the support pitch. should else, He sightreading everything Like It is but pioneering book, established. a higher tone and add organ with more should practice, he bend and takes it discussion, for the opened with now way fourof those stops, as such pitched it. is a If he effort to improve every the is will that others pursue soon hoped

poor sightreader, he should practice subject further, making specific recommendafoot tone the instant he detects the until he is proficient in it. Let him begin tions to music publishers on how this situslightest tendency to flatten. He

by working at it a little every day. He ation may be remedied and getting them should be quick to notice all places

should cultivate the habit of first noticto adopt them. where intonation or rhythm goes wrong

easier in music making change made Any organist If the support. give more and signatures, then time theing and key

sightreaders to will and better read make act immeis alert, not does not and over simpler numbers playingby enturn in in performers, more means which in will effort been diately, have his the strict matter slow time. how No Asper. Frank W. joyment.—Dr. help to done be nothing can vain and it to necessary in be which may speed

take it, he should keep a perfectly even UJiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiiiMiimiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii bring them back.

tempo. Little by little he will note We must always remember that our

practice display for then progress, the he should not services are and parts congregawritten the the on the for voice but playing I. A... And Churchof the individual, four staves, learning to shift quickly ALL CHURCH MUSIC tion as a whole. No personality should

from these to the written accompanibe injected into our worship which ment so that he can bolster up any voice would tend to stand out either by at any time it may be needed. Later showmanship or skill. The organizaof the to tion on, should toward the one he has keep track all work when 70 SO. MAIN

his troubles as the music, as well end, of God."words "The Glory 7i miMimiimiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiiiiiiiiiimmim iiiiimiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiummiiT

General Superintendency I. Offices General Y. M. A. M. General Presidency

50 MAIN NORTH STREET Y. M. M. Y. W. M. CITY, SALT LAKE Q. UTAH GEORGE MORRISI. A. LUCY GRANT CANNONI. A. JOSEPH General Offices CANNON I. Y. A. M. W. HELEN WILLIAMS K. BURTON 33 J.FARNSWORTH BISHOP'S BUILDING VERNA W.S. GODDARD A. OSCAR KIRKHAM, SALT CITY, LAKE UTAH A. CLARISSA BEESLEY, Executive Secretary Send all Correspondence to Committees to Direct General Offices Executive Secretary

A VOICE FROM THE DUST

(The Book of Mormon, A Sacred History of Ancient Americans, edited and arranged by Genet Bingham Dee, 828 pages, Deseret News Press, Salt

Lake City. $2.00.)

N this edition, the author has sin-

I cerely attempted to present the Book of Mormon so it will be inviting to old and young. The book does not differ

from the original except that the author has omitted the phrase "and it came to pass,"in many instances; and has eliminated most of the prophecies of Isaiah,

which are easily available in the Book of Mormon and the Bible; the author

has also changed some of the punctuation: has arranged the most significant

and beautiful passages in italics and bold face type; has broken the pages

of the text by captions; and has extended some of the chapters where the

thought did not end with the concluding thought of the chapters as given in the

Book of Mormon. The arrangement

has been made chronological, thus placing the oldest book, Ether, first in this volume, instead of last as in the Book of Mormon. Some of the poetical parts

of the book have been put into verse form, and one hundred pictures have been included to add interest and life to the sacred text.

Since this is the reading course book for the Executive department, it is hoped that every Mutual will secure at least one copy. It is earnestly hoped

that families will secure it so that it may be a permanent addition to the libraries and will stimulate all Latterday Saints to a greater knowledge of the Book of Mormon.

Finale of the wellstaged M. I. A. pageant presented

August 6, 1939, in the Pocatello Stake as a Sunday evening conjoint program.

Four former bishops of the Smithfield Second Ward and the present bishop, in whose honor a special program was given in the ward chapel. From left to

right: William L. Winn, John H. Peterson, G. E.

Kingsford, and Sylvester Low (all former bishops);

and Willard A. Hansen, present bishop.

Junior Girls of the Boise Stake at a Garden Party in which four wards of the Boise Stake participated.

The entire group of Junior girls and ward and stake leaders who participated in the Garden Party given by four wards of the Boise Stake. 6. The "ThreePiece One Man"Band, a hobby enjoyed participated in the of 24th Celebration July im The (Bill) Hansen""Wm. prizewinning float in by "Uncle Will"Slade of Kline, Colorado. Alberta Stake.

the Pioneer Celebration, Mormon 7. L. S. D. at St. Choir July 24, of Rosemary Alberta, Ward, Canada. dressed 9. Group as Indians which took part in the 24tb Anthony, Idaho. in 8. Group costumes depicting early life pioneer which of July Celebration Alberta. in Rosemary

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 193?

Gleaner program for this year. Howchairman of all M MenGleaner work.

ever, the age for the Gleaner is There is no activity leader in the now 17 to around 30, and where there wards since the class officers carry out is a division of the group the age for this program—they are supervised by

chairman; L. Daines, B.Lyman Wayne will Hales, the 25.: a group younger 17 to be

Franklin S. Harris, Warner, Werner Homer C.

It is latter within the that and The wardKiepe, Pettigrew, George H. Hansen, H. Alma stakeMactivityMen haveleader.an extra stake andWesley P. Lloyd, John D. Giles. stake M MenGleaner officers will be ward leader—an athletic coach.

elected. and Gleaners have anrPHE M Men

As most of you are aware by now, Special Interest unusually heavy of joint program activities to engage their attention durthe membership plan for Gleaners inIt is hoped that most of these Special ing the coming months. The weekly volves binding a ward sheaf or the regInterest groups will be selfmotivated.

class discussions on Tuesday evening, istering of every unmarried girl between They may also have a specialist in one the monthly leadership meeting, the the ages of 17 to 30 in the ward. So field to be their guest teacher for a six

several othersSunday Evening Firesides, M Men and we urge the making of early plans for weeks'course and choose

Gleaner banquets and ball, the Valobtaining membership, as we are hopfor various courses during the year.

entine party, theme project activities, ing for many wards to send in requests They may study what they want when teachers are guest they is want it. The for the placard sheaf presented which conferences, chorand Gleaner MenM boards, and of the ward members the are not General Boarduses, wards when are by dramatics, and hobby shows

among the activities which should be ready to present the binding of the therefore are not required to attend together.carried means, This on M

of that share ourMen, should do we sheaf.We urge all ward leaders and officers LeadershipIn a surveyMeeting.of twentyeight stakes,

planning and of working through to a to attend stake leadership meetings and sixtynine wards have planned for Spesuccessful conclusion every detail of present problems and receive inspiration cial Interest groups.

the year's work. Too often complaints and information. Youth and Its Religion seems to be

to that Glean- I. A. executivescome M. Plan to—incoursethe forleadthein SpecialpopularityInterestas agroups.study left toers alone are on many occasions

see these projects successfully consumMake the fourth Tuesday of the Biographies, book reviews, world affairs, personality, achieving Toand It attractive. should provery are put overmated. by month When they

are in close comon Broadway* for intimate opportunity pernight vide an organization alone, are not theyone successful, since this defeats the very sonal discussions on subjects very close petition as second choice.purpose for which they were designed, to the hearts of our girls. Pages 21 to 27 in the M MenGleanernamely, to furnish fine opportunity for By the way—are you acquainted Manual give other suggestions for these

close social contact, for enlarged and with the calendar in the front of the groups.

enduring friendships, and for individual manual? Answer these questions withThese classes may study the manual

or the separate younger group from out looking religious responsiin social andgrowth interof course other choose any may lessons the teach do you on Whenbility.

it is est mentioned to them, whether liquor? tobacco and for insuring responsibility group The care, child not, as in such the or manual Is the lesson the seventh comon in carrying theactivity among Men M if music, speech, such dancing, poetry, joint or separate? mandment joint prirests this programforward of plans other the upset not courses do

class the leadermarily and with Men Treasures of Books Truth M I. if in in are they groups A. and M.

in the president with and ward MenM standards, docit with find Church harmony advisable to be Wouldn't activity supervisorthe stake Men M objectives. beliefs, trines, ideals, and lovely of a Treasures with someone stake. in the president theand Men M Possibilities are numerous. invite to to her Truth and book come their will alert leaders programThe If those subjects mentioned than other class discuss her with and your book activities early stakevarious and ward it in chosen, should be are girls? the manual of our found have wards Many entire appoint year,for the numerous Gleaner of approval girls and this with inspire to the a Men good was way M for event, check andcommittees each counselors. leaders and manual start ward to one.

that tofrequently plans see with them is If there and only one stress origindividuality Men us Let and M committees way. under makeare Many inin class the (which Gleaner ward inality in try to our keep books and

interest, regular attendance,for active Interest Special the those cludes of just ordinary an making from away effective development.and Men, M Its should be age) Religion Youth and scrap book.

all activities, In planning Men M of study. course the title, of the the out meaning Think ideals in theleaders should mind keep together meet and Gleaners of Men "Treasures M Truth"—Treasures it to see organization great our andof all Interest groups. in time Special the precious. something dear very and mainstandards highest are thethat planned have however, wards, few in things recorded Truth—-"These A my in participation a Enthusiastictained. girls are there class of only where a true."are book

in a functionwellplanned wholesome corresponding age of and no will project require earnMen This many M lift will our stake or environmentward interests. est effort prayers considerable and

to cultural andyoung new men women officers conduct Gleaner and shall but praying then Men win and by we M for our heights, spiritual whichand first five of ten minutes or each the only to prayers hard our working make designed.organization was the lesson class. give not on do They true? come

Happy Gleaning. the first Tuesday of each month as

stated in the manual, page 10. All

lesson work is under the direction of the ward manual leader.

Hazel Brockbank, chairman; Katie C. Jensen, Vella

Freda Jensen, GraceWetzel, Nixon Stewart, Helena "Thanks for Everything"

Pinnock. Larson, Florence"W.

GLEANER GLEANINGSLET'S CHECK excellentIt is withleadershipdeep appreciationin the field thatfor thethe

TV s far as we have been able to make "T\o you know that (Continued on page 752) survey, are Gleaners very a our each Gleaner and Each Man, M Broad- "Tonight course on *Note: The

in stakes Interest organized wards.well Special each and group in a ward in will mimeoissued monthly be way"

its this cooperation. president, appreciate viceshould have do own stakes to sent wardsWe and form graphed and

Surely you will be happy that there president, and secretarytreasurer. free of charge upon written request at

bave been no changes in the regular The stake manual supervisor is the M. I. A. General Offices.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1939

( Continued from page 75 1 General M Men and Gleaner committees feel great anticipation for the success of the program for the coming season.

It is with thoughtful realization of the challenge presented by the span of years 17 to around 30, the needs of this age group, the leadership required, and the color and interest in lesson material, that we suggest the following items for leadership in this vital department:

Cooperation!

With God through prayer and cultivation of spirituality. (Attendance at Sacrament meeting, payment of tithes, Word of

Wisdom, etc.)

With General Board. (Trying out suggestions in printed material before using

individual plans.)

With stake and ward executives. Attendance at monthly leadership meetings

and Tuesday evening 7 o'clock officers'meeting.

With each other as leaders.

'Twas his thinking of others made others think of him."

And also use the following words as symbols of great leadership qualities—Courage, Companionship, Concentration, Cheerfulness, Chivalry, Conscience, Commendation, Conservation.

If you have vision you will C some more C's and weave them into your leadership.

The General Board committees will be glad to help you with your problems by answering letters, phone calls, or personal visits where possible.

M. Elmer Christensen, Chairman; Mark H. Nichols,

Elwood G. Winters, Floyed G. Eyre, Aldon J.

Anderson, John D. Giles.

P?ellow Workers!! The Attainment

Recognition plan, the Arrowhead

Award for Explorers, and the Pioneer

Trail trek by this time in our schedule are all well understood, and a program is in action for the accomplishment of these. Your ExplorerJunior Get Acquainted party on the ward basis has

been conducted. You have given, the

past month, training in Vanball technique and some preseason exhibition games. Your stake Vanball tournament schedule is by this time in the

making. Present this to your wards

and urge an entry from each ward.

Organization should be well accomplished by now. Now is a good time

to check over the progress made by your ward towards reaching the attainment goals. Promote requirement

that all wards will have by December 1st at least 50% of their available Explorers registered in a troop or patrol.

Have you received your Arrowhead requirement cards? If not, call upon

your stake supervisors. GreenOmaha BallBranch,queen Westernand attendants.States Mission, Gold and theBishopforeground.Walker of Glendale Ward is the pentleman in See page 106, No. Log 9, for plans The A. Dramatic M. I. instructionsand for the JuniorExplorer Group of the Omaha Branch, 4. Completesented by castManavuof "TheWard Servantand directedin the byHouse"Claudepre-S. Mission. States Western

Snow.stake dancing party for December

group at California the Southern District or A BeeHive 5. Manavu Basket Ball team Ward of 193839. TheyJanuary. early Prepare and arouse Institute recently held in the Hollywood House. Stake placed third in the Church Tournament.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1939

enthusiasm among your members with This leaves no new interest when the Guards and players alternate every time the program of this stake party. girls come to the upper Ranks. The an offender is caught.

f. If group to one as sailors wish come girls occasionthree the of Ranks may to introduce is opportune This month of the high seas, ring toss a rope game activity, ally join in responsithe but an Icethe Antarctic reading course book, used. be

its bility for rest with might promotion must centsbreakers. each from Exfew short If desired A of Program: a program

plorer would place this book in your the Rank for which the activity is outnational songs and dances can be planned.

group for reading and discussion. The lined. A flag ceremony with the pledge of allebetter way, however, is to have the A Christmas Play: giance to our own flag would be a nice

ward officers supply your department Under the play production project for the ending.

might furnish Refreshments: Guardians, Each ward the general committee BeeHive a copy. Parents be givenwith may the part symbolic chilof they the country strongly urges the presentation of a that itthe hint a wonderful would be represent. dren's holiduring matinee the Christmas

Explorer for theirChristmas present punch; days. children's stories Swiss of Dramatizations Hawaiian nectar—fruit let theboy. should not You tarts or cookies; Irish chips opporshould used: Dickens'Carol, gateau—Tiny be Christmas

tunity pass to spend an evening reviewBird's Christmas Carol, scenes from Little Potato chips; American Idol—Sandwich

ing the book. It will appeal to boys of Women, etc., would be most appropriate. with a little American flag stuck in it,

this age. It is the history of exploraBoston baked beans, or a "hot dog"; Indian

tion at its peak. Boys will thrill at the The Jubilee Fun Fest Buzz mooco—A relish of any kind; Chinese rice

rice honey. with plans for well the anunder balls—Puffed With way of adventureheroism courage and and

for Best wishes Fest. a real Fun in to nouncement held be buzz each ward characters.these

is Jubilee Note: event The for March during stake January, and BeeKeep- ward attention called the to Leyou Have the Service. the Evening Sunday See ers will their to to turn next thoughts want of thegend See No. Arrowhead? Log in the program Executive and beManual the Silver Jubilee Fest held Buzz Fun to be

brilliant assign 18, also9, to some early. gin to page plan is in to February. This of evening be an

of the History Arrowhead"chap "The girls. for neverto-beforgotten the fun Silver In Special Jubilee Award: Honor book. localities some it will this good source to You best most hold be—from honor award to commemorate A special it will event basis. this In scattered on a stake findwill interesting do and

the Silver will Jubilee the prepared be by localities, to however, hold wards wish may special to in our promotemuch will General Board. preawards These be the separate. event Explorer ArrowChurch interestaward-—the to sented those at them, earned have who offers of Theme: month February The great leader Roberts,head. "Lou"Our the in service rehonor November. The for themes; appropriate a example:

in says: Idaho, "This Arrowhead guirements will for the be: award party, pin manyValentine or Carnival, a a Winter

is desirable a. in the at bestlooking Participate least six most and special the of Jubilee parties Nations. of these Any

pin I have ever worn."He has one on can be characterized by costumes, games, Jubilee events, one of which should be the

his lapel. refreshments, flag ceremony, etc. summer camp.

b. Influence friends parents to or attend it the international of Because to rich of suggestion Beescope not be a Would

least three special events. Jubilee the work, Hive Jubilee theme the at of all in detail your of A look over boys

c. the to report General Submit a Board appropriate. seems most Nations Therestill, it with them you do of—betterhave activity, a some good BeeHive Swarm fore the following detailed are suggestions in"Activities"Program, Explorer the picture, story. a song, or poem, for given event. an such

this year's the 9, ofpage Log? Note girls must of BeeHive kept be aware girls difthe Costume: have of the To

varied suggested indoor and outdoor ferent wards or swarms wear some little these requirements throughout the year.

activities. During November these touch of a designated nation would add to Naturally the awards cannot be earned unevents are suggested from which you the color and festive spirit of the occasion; less the BeeKeepers sponsor the Silver Jubilee events. records Accurate kept must be: for example: cap; or (see of apron 10 choose page Log)may Irish—green the vear. throughout General Board The colorful hair; in the girls, pompom social corn with Juniorparched Chinese—a will this provide form a record which on feather; band, perhaps with of review,court honor, Indian—head Thanksbook will kept. can be These be Awards Honor lai; colored Hawaiian—bright pull, Swiss—Al-a turn,giving Vanball, candy good sold these of reports only presentation upon pine caps.

well, lecture regkeeping bake, onham the stake signed BeeKeepers. and ward by Progressive National Each Games:

istration banquet. furnish might ward symbolic a game of Silver Jubilee Announcement Buzz following the suggested Are you it represents. the country following The

method of conducting troop meetings are suggestions: This is your first opportunity to make

(pages 1213 of Log)? You will note a. Chinese checkers can easily be borgirls, parents, Mutual officers, and

these suggestions: kinds of meetings; rowed. friends in the community conscious of

purpose of meetings; how explorers b. An American baseball game board BeeHive Silver Jubilee year.

If also not, might horseshoebe available. of every acquaint Purpose: If member To their meetings. have youconduct

pitching appropriate. be very would fact with the your and community ward kindly better send adevised method c. dartthrowing reprewould game A the that 1940, beginning marks January, the that office suggestionsthe your sent Hawaii. celebration. Silver Jubilee of our

field methods. use your may d. target shooting the for arrow and Bow Informal Nature: reception. All ward

Indians. Targets easily can be on made friends members to are and invited. be

cardboard, and toy bows and arrows are BeeHive girls and BeeKeepers will plan inexpensive. the event and be the hostesses.

e. seated Swiss Players Guard. about Special guests: Bishopric all wives, and 'VfljfA

table. is the center In a chalk or a paper officers stake living in the ward, A. M. I.

circle in inches called 10 6 to diameter officers (Y. and M. Bee- Y. W.), Honor Ethel chairman;I!een S. Anderson, Waspe, Anne

the center house. guard player has Each Tingey, Wells, girls, Lucy T.Margaret Bertha K. N. former Hive BeeKeepers,

Andersen, Ann C. Larsen, Minnie E. Anderson. a smaller one. A certain number of beans When and Where to be Held:

in placed house. each guard Players Early part of Either January. When: joyous of is a monthr\ECEMBER acareare two. numbered one and one Numbers night, afternoon, on Saturday a week tivity. in the Giftmaking Rank in and being two alternate guards and after Mutual.

in service the Buildersof the Hive, players. captain guard the gives The In the "Where: meetinghouse, in a ward

project for the Gatherers, and caroling commands: your house, neighbor to the left, BeeKeeper's or a girl's home, or any

or play production for the Guardians neighbor to the right, center, etc., and the other place which can be attractively

will provide happy, profitable hours. players place their pointer finger of the right arranged.

Warning: Do not overlap the achands in the designated spot. Commands Invitations: These are to be distributed

tivities of the three Ranks. This warnare given rapidly and mistakes naturally not more than a week prior to the event.

occur. alert the guards are catch to on The all Girls from three invite to ranks are entire year's to theing is applicable

the offenders into get the special wrong guests, who friends members, ward and killing influenceprogram. The greatest houses. forfeits the player in caught the community. When

to the upper Ranks is to allow girls in a bean to the guard who catches her. If the If this is conducted on a competitive

the lower Ranks to adopt the activities captain catches an offender all guards may basis between the ranks, the girls might especially outlined for the upper Ranks. take a bean from the center guard house. {Concluded on page 754)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1939

( Concluded from page 753 holidays for children. The dramatization feature of this threeday conference,

take more interest in inviting friends and of fairy tales would be delightful and a permission was granted to rent one of relatives. The Builders could present small admission fee could be charged. the large river steamers and make an

practical small invite person they a be with shows in some each Puppet may Saints excursion on hundred seven with localities. beehive, the a blue Gatherers (See 169 page of the Handbook brown

rivers, the Rhine famous and Main suggestions.) beehive, beefor other a gold the Guardians and

hive. These might be made of paper and something which is usually denied relihave on them a question mark, and the FIRST MISSIONWIDE gious groups, but which was symbolical time and place of the reception. The CONFERENCE OF WEST of a friendly cooperation shown by the

guests would be urged to bring this beeGERMAN MISSION police throughout the conference.

calling sort of the as reception to a hive E. Frandsen Richard By J. of the conference aim dominant The

arrival the guests be card. would Upon city historic old beautiful participation. that In one and of wide was the Tn three of the each a girl from met by sessions, of the departmental over 600 for the of Frankforton-theMain, of tray or basket a having ranks—each introduced assembled, and were 2729, the of three women many days May gold. blue, or colors the brown, The

guest would deposit his hive in the matchSaints and friends of the Church in to new study manuals and activity proing color tray. This will be a means of western Germany were finally united grams in the auxiliary organizations for

determining which rank has the most in their first great missionwide conthe coming year. Another inspiring

guests call during the Buzz. Some recognition should be given that rank.

Receiving Line: Bishop and wife, Y. M.

and Y. W. presidents, BeeKeepers, and

one or two Guardians.

Entertainment: String music, duets, trios,

and choruses by BeeHive girls.

Refreshment Room: Guardians acting as

hostesses and perhaps pouring. Gatherers serving. Refreshments should be light

but dainty and attractively served. Little

cakes or cookies might have silver beehives, silver bees, or other appropriate decorations. On the table a silver beehive, flowers, silver candles, or silver

bees might be used.

Announcement: At intervals the BeeHive

call might be played on some musical instrument. (A bugle would be most appropriate.) This should attract the attention of the guests. A BeeHive girl

might then step forward and in a short verse announce the Jubilee Year. Builder

girls will present to each guest, or pin on them, a silver beehive. This can be

made double, folded at the top, while there appears on the inside:

ANNOUNCING OUR SILVER JUBILEE YEAR Stake Announcement Prior to the Announcement Buzz event in the ward, the interest of M. I. A. officers

in this undertaking should be aroused by a special presentation of the stake leaderConference. Mission section German Top: Priesthood View of West of It a song, skit, be might meeting.ship

session ladies'departmental German center: at West Upper View of announcement. of type otheror

Mission Conference. Year Jubilee Insignia for of in conference left: which in Frankfurt center, Hall Lower

The insignia which will be used throughGerman Mission was held in May, 1939. (President Grant spokeWestin

were visiting July mission the S, 1938. hall while same 1,000 forms in year many differentout Jubilee "25"thispresent.) with a Silver BeeHivewill be the written House"center, Branch "The right: Scene from Upper

across it. Evelyn N. Wood and staged by Frankfurt Branch in auxiliary organiby

session conference. zation of mission Fest Buzz Jubilee Silver Fun religious pageant "Jesus of Nazareth"by from Scene Bottom:

will this be the next that will notice Evelyn You N. Wood.

basis. stake is a held on to beevent and of equal number sight almost was an to necessary stakes be large it mayIn very large in another Priesthoodholders orin choirs, ference. Participation Guardians Gatherers, and Builders, thehave leadof problems discussing auditorium religious dramas, chestras, choruses, of party halls. type different in Anygather

which promises "loads of fun"to the girls and programs made the occasion a ership and responsibility in mission acmay be planned. It might be in the nature neverto-be forgotten one and swept tivities. The afternoon session on

of a "Frolic of the Nations,"a Valentine the performances to real excellence. Sunday was devoted to a novel proparty, or a Winter Carnival. To see twelve hundred Saints assembled gram featuring a correlation and harFinancing from Kiel on the northern Danish bormonious working of all auxiliary orThe Silver Jubilee program does not inder to Vienna on the south and united ganizations. Another highlight of the

expense. Most extra of deal great avolve visof the the presence gatherings inwas enthusiastic great body one was conin small financed events be by the canof iting guests, President Thomand Sister

group. the Howfrom of materialstributions Sister and Brother and as E. police detail was special of traffic McKay spirational.A will very be funds additionalever, some

helpful. If consulted early, bishops of wards assigned to the regulation of traffic and Max Zimmer of the Swiss Mission,

operating on the budget may allow a little handling of the many autobusses which beloved leaders who have been known extra this year for the BeeHive organizabrought people from far and near. One to the thousands of German Saints for

tion. Service projects such as tending chilof the finest halls in the city was rented, many years. A religious pageant porother selling toys and and makingdren, life of the the traying scenes from of the use granted government the arand

the to contribute for children,ticles would evening. the for climaxed that in Master area hostel youth best the could add bankstreasury. penny BeeHive threeday the following Immediately thouapproximately of one housing the excellent offers antheir share. December equally Saints, an the for conference of the friends Church Saints and sand also toys of and for selling theopportunity

for the presentation of a matinee during the at a very small fee. As the climaxing fine threeday meet was carried out

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1939

for the ninety missionaries of the misSublett Ward, Raft River Stake, disorsion. The proceedings of the conferganized and annexed to Malta Ward.

ence were directed by President and Branches Disorganized

Sister M. Douglas Wood. Rockford Branch, Chicago Stake, transferred to Northern States Mission.

Francisco Stake, Branch, Santa Rosa San Priesthood transferred to California Mission.Church Moves On

(Continued from page 747) Those Who Have Passed Away and

Apostle Melvin J. Ballard.

Bellflower Branch, Long Beach Stake, Elder Leonard B. Guff, Los Angeles Stake

created by division of North Long Beach Clerk.Ward. Bishop Joseph E. George, Auburn Ward, Church

Monrovia Branch, San Bernardino Stake, Star Valley Stake.

formerly dependent branch of Baldwin Park Janne Mattson Sjodahl, former editor of

Ward. The Deseret News, and prominent author Mercur Branch, Tooele Stake. and translator of Church literature. Government

Chico Branch, Gridley Stake, formerly deHyrum Conrad Pope, chairman of the pendent branch of Oroville Ward. board of temple architects for the Church, Hailey Branch, Blaine Stake, formerly dearchitect for Canadian and Hawaiian Tem- A NEW STUDY COURSE

pendent branch. ples and many other L. D. S. buildings, also Napa Branch, Oakland Stake, created by the St. Paul's Episcopal Church in Salt FOR THE PRIESTHOOD

City.division of Vallejo Ward. Lake Hart Woodruff, former Northern QUORUMS Asahel

Ward Made Branch States Mission President.

Echo Branch, Summit Stake, formerly Daniel J. Lang, former president of French

ward of same stake. Mission. By

Wards Disorganized TexasJamesMission.M. Peterson, former president DR. JOHN A. WIDTSOE

Millburn Ward, Lyman Stake, disorEphraim Magleby, former president New of the Council of Twelve ganized and annexed to Mt. View Ward. Zealand Mission.

Eleanor Jeremy Richards, former member of Primary General Board. This new book contains over 400 pages

Clarissa Hamilton Young Spencer, daughand will be used as a text book for two of Brigham Young. THE ADVERTISERS ter

Cordelia Thurston Smith, one of years. Hulda

and Where You Will Find the last three surviving pioneers of 1847,

Their Messages died in Lewiston, Utah. Retail Price—$1.75

if Beesley Music Co 749 GRANDSON OF COLONEL Special Price to Priesthood Quorums,

Beneficial Life Insurance Co KANE AT CONFERENCE Charged—$1.50

Back Cover Brigham Young University 762 An interesting and interested visitor For CashPostagewith PrepaidOrder—$1.35

Continental Oil 759 ** Co conference general at the October Plus 2% Sales Tax

Deseret 755 741, Book Company in Salt Hon. E. of the Lake was Church

Press Deseret 766 News County, of Kane, Kane, Kent McKean Eastman 767 Kodak Co veteran a Kane, Pennsylvania. Mr. Inside Ford Motor Front Cover Co legislature, Pennsylvania's of member Ghirardelli 740 Chocolate Co

is L. DESERET BOOK of Colonel the grandson Thomas Glade 709 Candy Co

of the champion Kane, great Mormon Globe Grain 738 & Milling Co COMPANY

Hotel to sent Lankershim on a 708 people, Utah was who 44 East South Temple Press 758 Hovey crucial period political mission during a

Iron Fireman 711 in the early history of the Church. Salt Lake City. Utah

Ironrite Ironer 739 KSL Radio Station Arriving in Salt Lake on February Make This Store Your Christmas Shopping

Center Miss Saylor's- ChocolatesInside Back Cover705 borne,"25, 1856,Coloneland introducedKane, whoas "Dr.had preOs-

Mountain Fuel Supply Co 765 viously met Brigham Young at Winter VISIT OUR GIFT SHOP

School Culture.-758 Ogden of Beauty migration general the before Quarters

Pacific Greyhound to for 705 to remained six months Utah,. Pembroke 709 Company

Provo School of Beauty Culture760 act as mediator between the LatterQuish School of Beauty Culture.,755 day Saints and the military and civil

Rieger, Paul & Co 759 authorities accompanying the United

Red Comet 708 States army under General Albert SidRoyal Baking Co. 763 ney Johnson, sent to quell a purported BE INDEPENDENT

Royal Typewriter Co 758 "rebellion"in Utah. Colonel Kane No Other Vocation So Profitable

Stores Safeway 761 ENROLL the eventually NOW in persuading succeeded

Standard Brands 741 officers at the Course to Salt For a Complete to Lake armed come Standard Oil 709 Co their presidential only with commisThree Diamonds Brand Fancy

Crab Meat..710 sions, without a single soldier. "The Quish School of Beauty Culture

Union Pacific Stages 757 Mormons,"he argued, "are anxious to The Best in the West

United States Smelting, Refining the have United

Bidg., States set up a gov336-340 S. Main, American....Inside Co. & Mining Front Cover for the territory."ernment CITY, UTAH LAKE SALT...708 Utah Engraving Co

Utah Home Fire Insurance Co 767 In Mr. Kane's possession is the origFor Further Information

Utah Poultry Producers'Coopinal correspondence between his grandor Catalog Call or 7560 Wasatch erative Ass'n 763 father Presidents and Buchanan and

Fill in This Washburn & Condon 760 Fillmore, he is allowing to which be Coupon Z..764 C. M. I photostatical|ly recorded copied and

for the history of Utah and the Church.

: a

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC—EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

WORD OF WISDOM REVIEW "RECIPE FOR HAPPINESS, IN 1940"

Saint there to wellmarked is a road Latterday every rVo happiness—SMOKING DEFINITE blessings. joy, secure satisfaction, Gospel to and The wayHEALTH MENACE intended to bring happiness and supreme satisfaction to every humanplanbeing;is

|P\espite a great amount of advertisnot that there will be no trials or tribulations. These are frequently, in

ing to the contrary, cigaret smoking themselves, blessings and the means of advancement and development.

is a definite menace to young men and But to those who, by their lives and their attitudes toward the Church and women, being even more harmful, in their fellowmen, earn the rewards, great joy, satisfaction, and happiness fact, than the use of alcohol. are promised.

Authority for this statement is one We are told that "Men are that they might have joy". This refers, of of the most eminent authorities in the course, to genuine joy—the joy that comes from a knowledge of the Gospel

United States on circulatory disturbplan, from living a righteous life, from service cheerfully and effectively ances, Dr. Leo H. Buerger of Los Anrendered, from living in peace and harmony with our fellowmen. It does

geles, discoverer of what is known as not refer to fleeting pleasures and sensations which too many good people "Buerger's Disease,"a malady affectmistake for real joy.

ing veins and arteries of the body, parTo the Latterday Saint family that desires real joy, real satisfactions, ticularly the arms and legs, which in and the blessings of our Father in Heaven in the year of 1940, here is a many cases require amputation. He suggestion: In a family group read and discuss The Ten Commandments,

states the Articles of Faith, and the Word of Wisdom. Having done this let each

It has been proved beyond dispute that member resolve to have these inspired and sacred teachings serve as a smoking causes arteries to narrow and guide and code of conduct in his life in the year ahead. A home evening

makes susceptible people apt to develop spent in this manner will help materially to bring joy and satisfaction during blockage of arteries by the process of clotthe entire year.

ting. This condition is called by the medical There are thousands in the Church today who can testify that living

profession "Buerger's Disease,"which I according to the teachings of the Gospel is a satisfactory and dependable field special of study beenhave making my happiness. recipe for

since 1908.

is that (It that suggest to each family Teachers a home recommended Ward of naDr. Buerger one twenty was outlined herein in the procedure be appointed early and that evening be January

tionally famous doctors who addressed followed. Ten Commandments: Exodus 20:3-17; Articles of Faith, Early editions

sessions of the Rocky Mountain Medof Doc. and Cov.; Articles of Faith by Talmage; Word of Wisdom: Doc. and Cov.,

ical Conference held in Salt Lake City Sec. 89.)

recently.

CITY OF SILENCE {Continued from page 724) the National Fraternal Society of were the original talkies. More

her blasted hopes and aspirations. the Deaf, which is owned and offithan twentyfive years ago I "heard"

She is a new arrival, having lost her cered by deaf men. Nearly 7,000 the version of Lorna Doom on the

hearing in her twenties when she are insured against death and disscreen, the deaf man in the picture was on the verge of realizing her ability, not a single hearing person reciting the story in the sign lanlong-dreamedof ambitions. For her being permitted to join. It has total guage.

the loss is a heavy blow, and the assets of nearly two million dollars, Along the main street you note prospect of starting her life anew and insurance inspectors have probeauty, barber, shoe, watchrepair, in strange surroundings and among nounced the society one of the and bakery shops all operated by strange people is a bitter experience. strongest existent, which proves that deaf people. The printing offices

In time she will readjust her life deaf people do live long lives and here turn out many weeklies and and learn to overcome selfcon- are not the risks popularly supposed. monthlies exclusively for the deaf

sciousness. But it will be a hard On the other side we see another people.

road. Parenthetically, the younger office building with this lettering On the square are two statues,

a person is at the time deafness overover the doorway: National Assoone in honor of de l'Epee, the French

takes him the more contented will ciation of the Deaf. Here and there originator of the sign language and

he be and lesser will be the degree of are the headquarters of state organithe sponsor of the world's first his inferiority complex as he passes zations of the deaf. All these look publicsupported school for the deaf,

through life, for the reason that there after the welfare of their people, and the other in honor of Dr. Thomwill be fewer memories of what he "ready to be up and to arm"against as Gallaudet, who introduced the

once enjoyed to haunt him. unjust discriminations. signs into the United States and

As we stroll we see scattered You look startled at sight of sevfounded Gallaudet College.

churches, of humble but nonethe- eral cinema houses. Oh yes, we Nearby are gathered a group of

gesticulating.less religious aspect, and in charge have movies—not talkies, but silent cronies laughing and

of deaf ministers. Nearly all creeds movies with explanatory words, Let's move closer. I shall be glad to

are represented. dialogues and all on the screen. interpret for you. They are telling

Entering the business section our Sometimes we show private films and tall tales. One just related is about

eye first meets the imposing structure often we get a kick out of "hearing"Paul Bunyon.

of the world's most marvelous exthe people on the screen talking with It seems that Paul was the original ample of selfassertiveness winning their hands and fingers. As a matter electric fan. Among his unknown

over false conceptions. It houses of fact, the sign language pictures feats was his mastery of the sign

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1939

City of Silence fear and susceptibility of deaf to inincident of deafness in children and jury. ameliorate progressive deafness. We

language, which he absorbed from I should say approximately half are sincerely anxious to see the deaf a deaf lumberjack and from his Inof the city's employable deaf are population materially reduced in the dian friends. During the summer idle. How do they manage to live? future, for it must be admitted that

months, the story goes, whenever his Well, their own relatives and your while there are tangible benefits to men complained of the heat at night own relief agencies will have to supbe derived from the unconscious inin their bunkhouse, Paul would sumport them until prejudices are overability to hear that which detracts so mon this deaf man and recount to come and jobs made available. much from the pleasure of hearing

him wonderful tales until early We come to the outskirts and beitself, the opportunities for a deaf morning, using signs. His windmill hold homes for the aged and infirm person in life are limited, restricted

hands and arms stirred a breeze of deaf, largely supported by the deaf by both natural and manmade barsuch cooling freshness that the lumthemselves and their organizations. riers.

berjacks slept like babes in the Further on, if we had the time, we Even though we are destined to woods. It is said the still effective, would find wellto-do farms of all remain in this city of silence to the

invigorating zephyrs of the north are sorts owned and operated by the end of our days, not knowing the remnants of Paul s handiwork. deaf. deep, soulful meaning of mother's

The industrial district reveals a We have several parties, meetings, voice, of baby's cooing, of lover's surprising diversity of occupations and shows scheduled for tonight. crooning, or the sunrise carol of the

too numerous to mention. Some of Cannot stay? Sorry. You would robin, most of us do not rue our fate.

the deaf have been on the same job enjoy them. There is always plenty We are glad to be alive, glad to reap

for forty or more years. Skilled of action, merriment, and entertainwhat we do, socially and economworkmen are to be found here, peoment, with the sign language preically, from our own soundless pasple who because they do not hear dominating. tures.

are able to concentrate on their work. On the whole it is a happy, conSilence is sometimes golden.

Note the happy features of the tented, peaceful community. The When you are nervous and highworkers. They are glad of the oponly flaw—and you can feel it in the strung and harrassed by the medleyportunity of selfsustenance. They air sometimes—is the deplorable of noises all about you, drop in

scorn charity and deplore the relack of the hearing public's interest among us again and rest your weary fusal of employers to hire more of in our welfare and medical science's ears awhile. You are welcome to

their kind, refusals usually based on failure aggressively to pursue ways our quiet hospitality, our unassumunfounded grounds, chiefly that of and means which would reduce the ing friendship.

IT'S CHRISTMAS EVERYWHERE ( Concluded from page 723 later; he'd better sleep while he can!""we're not going to have any lesme feel such a little ignoramus, right She handed him the tablets and sons today; we're going to have fun,

from the start!"The field nurse had hurried away to the schoolroom. instead! Notah, you and Sam please

been so obviously mad about the The children, clean and dry, were go out to the wood shed and bring doctor, and her manner had shut the huddled about the stove. "Now, enough wood and coal to last all

two of them into a superior world children,"Marcia said, brightly, (Continued on page 758) of their own, with Marcia in the role of a rather moronic outsider.

It had been so awful, the doctor LOW FARES SAVE YOU MONEY calling her closer to watch him put FOR GIFTS AND HOLIDAY FUN!

the corrosive bluestone into the poor little girl's eyes; turning the lids back Plan now to make all your

so matterof-factly, to show her the holiday trips this modern, progress of the dread disease and luxurywayl Ride smoothly in how the vitriol burned it out! The warm, airconditioned comfort

visits with friendsbravesound—Marcialittle creaturefelt hadshe madecould nothavea onon inexpensiveholiday shopping trips,

to outof-stood it better if she had—but, teeth or relatives, on trips

set and little fists clenched, had town parties and winter vacatrembled so violently the doctor could tion resorts. Save yourself

scarcely perform the delicate treatwinter-driving headaches, and ment. save dollars as welll

uhe came back to the 4 THROUGH TRIPS EVERYpresent with a start to find George DAY FROM COAST TO

Angeles, Local Ask Union Your and COAST! To Los got something elbow. herat "You

Pacific Bus Agent via and kill Omaha this pain, to New York, Banning? About Miss Faresto Low And

She's pretty bad!"Convenient Schedules ru;...—Unicago. w—,.IMew, extra,+- conveni-,..,,

"Oh, yes, I should have thought ence on shorter trips also.

of that!"Marcia rummaged in the

medicine cabinet. "I'll give him some

pain tablets and a sleeping one, too,"UNION PACIFIC STAGES she thought. "I'll probably need him INTERSTATE TRANSIT LINES

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1939

IT'S CHRISTMAS EVERYWHERE (Continued from page 757) ing an unusual tension in the atand ancestral rights. Several

night. Mary and Nanabah may get mosphere, and missing Hannah's months earlier, he had noticed Hanlunch; won't that be fun!"She apcalm presence, quarreled freely and nah's condition and graciously ofportioned out duties rapidly and even fought. As a rule, Marcia had fered his services as midwife, when

promised that when everything was found, Indian children are the most needed. Marcia, at Hannah's redone, they might finish trimming the eventempered and peaceable of quest, had explained that the girl was

big Christmas tree George had put pupils, but today there was a congoing to the Agency hospital. Since

up in the diningroom last week. stant procession of complainants then, though he continued to visit

The remainder of that day would calling her from the sickroom, where the school, his attitude had been always be a nightmare memory for Hannah was silently, but unmistakdefinitely unfriendly; and Marcia

Marcia. The children, drunk with ably suffering. had fancied she saw a reflection of

their new freedom, or perhaps sens- "Mees Benneen, Notah, he iss his mood in the adults who came to mek me carry mos'the coal!"use school property.

"No, Ticher, he is not tell de truf. Today, during a lull in the storm,

He iss sit down all a time. He is he stamped into the kitchen, shaking

ver'lasy!"snow from his layers of blankets, and

"Ticher, Anna ponch me een kicking it from his feet.

stomach weeth erasor!""You got food?"he demanded,

"She iss not clean the blackboards rather than asked. "Chee Nez much

good!"hongry!"To what must have been

Presently, the early winter darkhis great surprise, though his imness closed in, and a wan Marcia passive face showed nothing, Martactfully explained to the stolid chilcia almost fell upon his neck. While

dren that they would be unable to she flew swiftly about, frying ham go home. Wee Martha Washingand eggs, opening jam for his wellton dripped silent tears as she was known sweet tooth, he stalked into

the children the schoolroom where bed, along into Marcia's tucked own fHiNIW tree. trimming the were Little Jennie. with and Nanabah

Thomas Sayit's-notso whimpered "What is that?"he demanded in

at his end of the davenport in MarNavajo, pointing at a picture of cia's livingroom and said it was be- "Christ, the Tender Shepherd."Be-

.-- j&. fknlwOnly hmniuclrAdhomeslxed wptftnawriting cause Natonie, at the other end, had fore the children could explain, he

Margin, with MAGIC machine type* stuck a toe in his eye. But, on the had snatched it down. of ALL most leniaiianal

picImprovement* writer "Tell her to put up more no with the situation they took... Set* whole, AUTOMATICALLY Collier walls of our on I John the tures FASTER of the-3 marginTIMES acceptance their usual calm

inevitable, and were soon sleeping teaching sheep reduction!"he compeacefully in their improvised beds. manded the cowed children sternly,

ROYAL TYPEWRITER COMPLY, Inc. and marching back to the kitchen,

20 Post Office Place L/nce, during that hectic fell unceremoniously upon his food.

his hunger waited until Marcia briefly afternoon, a ray had of hope Salt Lake City, Utah appeased, before had been somewhat the gloom, lightened Marcia though

SEE YOUR NEAREST ROYAL should never have expected to conshe said, with her most ingratiating "I came, Chee you am so glad medicine the sider a visit from man smile, PORTABLE DEALER is ill, so and Nez. you are Hannah light. in that Chee Nez Begay, Old

portly and pompous, had begun his wise, you can help us."

visits early in the school term. Chee Nez Begay continued to eat,WEDDING INVITATIONS # English spoke as he some not she spoken. though Though had and AMOmCEMENTS spirit him, the he pro- "You'll stay help us, won't moved when and 100 for $4.50 to pronounce unable fessed to be or you, Marcia. urged Nez?"Chee invitations with two enpaneledWhite

velopes choice of Script or Old English remember her name, and persisted in He stared blankly at her for a moPrinting 24 Hour Service calling Marcia "John Collier's ment and returned to his food. PresPostage

der HOVEYprepaid when remittancePRESSaccompanies woman,"position underin slightingthe IndianreferenceCommisto her "Noently,savvy,"with a fullcolloquialmouth, Spanishhe grunted,beDANCE PROGRAMS—TICKETS—INVITATIONS

25 East No. Temple—Salt Lake City—Was. 9672 sioner. The government in genera] ing the nearest approach to her

he spoke of as "Washingtone,"and tongue he deigned to use. A few

Marcia thought he conceived months earlier, Marcia would have "Washingtone"as a huge demigod argued the point, knowing that heENROLL(Commence Later if Desired)NW seated on his throne in the east, disunderstood English perfectly and pensing injustice to the Indians with could speak it well enough, when $25. Discount on a Complete a powerful hand. Chee Nez, by he was in the mood, but she had seen IN BEAUTY CULTURE COURSE

A State Accredited School virtue of his calling, possessed great too many Navajos take refuge beinfluence with the Navajos, and exhind this blank wall of pretended

Ogden School of Beauty Culture erted it to constant rebellion against ignorance, to waste any more time.

Over Egyptian Theatre OGDEN, UTAH government officials and employees. She called the largest girl in the

Name He was especially bitter against docschool room. "Nanabah,"she said,

Address City..State tors, as infringing upon his tribal "tell Chee Nez that Hannah is sick,

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1939

IT'S CHRISTMAS EVERYWHERE and I want him to please stay and storm rattled the window frames and take care of her!"howled drearily round corners. The

There ensued a brief dialogue of children and George slept on, the soft hissing and gutteral grunts. latter with an unnatural heaviness

"He say he don'know what you that was an increasing terror to Marmean."cia's overwrought nerves. She felt

as if she and the silent, suffering "Tell him Hannah's baby is comHannah were alone in an immensity ing, and we want him to help!"of horror and desolation. She

"He say he don'know Hannah. roamed the house, from Hannah's

He have never see her,"announced quarters to her own, looking anxNanabah, impassively. iously at George and the children,

Marcia prayed for patience, and unable to bear the inaction and the plastered a hypocritical smile over steady, inexorable ticking of the big her stiff features. "Tell him I'll give clock in the hall.

him money, plenty of money, if he'llstay!"ALT last, so long delayed

it Nanabah dutifully repeated the it seemed a blessed miracle when bribe. "He say he not need money finally appeared, the Christmas Day

if Washingtonc leave his sheep dawned on a world transformed.

alone!"she reported. For, with its advent, three other

the simultaneously: events occurred OILPLATE up. gave Marcia black With the desert leaving ceased, wild wind

indespair her heart, she watched of in the calm, white buried beauty gather his blanketshim about him its first stagroused, snow; George majestically take hisand today way into to his feet; groggily gered and Hanstorm.the even bother She didn't

cannot simply enlet your nah's wailed out his chalOIL-PLATING son wee freeze. he mightto hope clear lubricant all your gine start up with lenge to world. the

Once, during the night, Marcia fromdownwherein theit's crankcase—aneeded. For, aslongsoonwayas

A,is Hannah's condition had said grimly, "You'll just have you're leaving your Mileage Merchant's this station, patented Germ Conoco help this baby Hannah!"me have in to triedbecame Marcia more critical,

to eninner oil "magnetizes"involuntary smile she Processed Hannah's Atvain to rouse the George. He slept drainproof of surfaces in the form gineheavy sleep of the drugged, his stammered, "I mean—if—if you OILPLATING. Just as the bumpers can'tbreathing loud and unnatural, and should—if anything should happen lose their chromeplating during parking

lose parts can't the overnight, engine that crow! Oh, or fancied thereshe—how a flush on his was

all never They're their OILPLATING. please, I don't mean doctorcrow—-butwould face.dark to start off; they stay dried slippy—ready for all right please your get through

all drag. the old without asleep, children the After a were

well mine!"as as sake is skipping own you're That you know howterrible loneliness of terror sense and

starting engine your with the wear, worst "I don't soberly, said Hannahof the her. beset unknown She had Processed OILPLATED Conoco Germ by ways!"but any Navajo know Now, realization ofa it position, oil. sudden her Besides, skips past a you many

smile, a shyly, with she asked wan oil. for to you used Change makethe only white person radius within a

I him, help Miss stop have you "Did ConMerchant. Mileage Your today—to miles!of yesterseventy only For

tinental Oil Company. gazing proudly Marcia?"and down trader,day, friendly the a man,

whose store stood within a hundred at the wee, dark morsel, she added, "His shall be 'Christschool name buildings, of theyards school had

Banning.'King "Remembering mas to with spend Christmasgone home Monument, and Washingtonhis family. to Tut Marcia had urged He

cronies, the school, CONOCO often at two old out with holiday. for the himcome

said to bring you."My wife We MarciaGeorge,was hisnot surprised.arm in Marcia's GERM PROCESSED OIL a big familyhave and one more

doesn't make a bit of difference!"clumsy splints, paining unbearably,

But she had explained her plans for was nevertheless embarrassed and EDthe community Christmas and dinremorseful that he had slept through ner. "Let George and Hannah run the long night of Hannah's illness,

that affair,"the trader urged. "The until Marcia explained the disasother teacher did! It's not right for trous combination of drugs. Then Perfumes4

you to spend your first Christmas in he urged her to go to her room and 1) Forbidden sleep on. carry let him and But the 2) Remembrancethe Service, away off down here

5) Eternelle stirchildren already hungry werealone!"Passion 4) ring, sit with he suggested so Marcia

gaily, But Marcia had answered built fire in Hannah, up the the Only(Regular$1 Postpaid$2 value)"Don't me. I'm going worry about breakfast. range, prepared and The Treasure Redwood Chest:to have the time of my life!"smiling children were thrilled, this Contains oi these alluring 4—50c bottles

Chest 6 inches What a comfort the knowledge morning, at the novelty of their situAGiantUniqueRedwood Perfumes. Trees of California. x 3 inchesA splendidmade iromgift.

that ation that family commonplace and eager to be out at play in man call withinof her the snow. race was own fer)Sendsend $1 checkMo stampsMoney!or currency. Moneyfi5back.

would have been tonight! The wild {Continued on page 760) PAUL R1EGER, 231 Art Center Bldg., San Francisco

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1939

IT'S CHRISTMAS EVERYWHERE {Continued from page 759) sidering everything, they were all like a few words with you, Miss At midmorning, staggering dazseated about the tables, and Marcia Banning, the patient—"Miss Daredly about her work, incapable of and the little girls were serving the row's trained ear caught the last

thought, beyond an aching desire longlooked for Christmas dinner. word and she started forward, "Shall

for sleep, Marcia heard a commotion Luckily, Marcia thought, her guests I come, too, Doctor?"

in the yard. She stepped to the would never know that all the tradi- "It won't be necessary, Miss Darkitchen door. Merciful powers, tional Yuletide dishes were missing. row!"Dr. Vaile said hastily, and

what was this! The parents were It was, at least, a bounteous and fillalmost pushed Marcia out of the

arriving for the big Christmas dining meal and they were doing full room. In the narrow, cementfloored

ner! Not only the parents, but apjustice to it, handling the unaccuspassage, cold as a tomb, he whirled

parently every ablebodied adult in tomed implements with the native her about till her startled face was the district! Dumbly, she watched Navajo dignity. Hannah was sleepclose to his own, and grasped her by

them dismounting from ponies, ing and George sat drowsing near both arms. They stood staring into

clamboring out of covered wagons. her bed. "If they'll only hurry and each other's eyes for an endless moThe men went at once about the get through and take the children ment, before the doctor found his

business of feeding and unharnessaway, how I'll sleep!"thought Martongue.

horses,ing the while squaws and cia, I've think that did strange not seem and it "Er—about this—you giggling childrensmall crowded, sleeping persecuting you, don't you? the afternoon should been away

shyly, into the warm kitchen. With be a desirable way to spend Christ- I mean making it hard for you—"

a heroic effort Marcia roused hermas. "Telling the superintendent I

self to her social duties. In the stress And then the children, who had wasn't fitted for the job,"helped

of the night's happenings, she had finished first and run out to play, Marcia.completely forgotten the dinner. were swarming in with exclamations, "Trying to get you transferred—

willing aid the the of withNow, pointing excitedly the road. up entirely!"freeze to Be- "Or me out, prepara- a hurried she beganwomen, fore could Marcia understand what

it, don't I did "You know why oftion store supfrom the abundant it all about, automobile an was had plies in the cellar. stopped before the door and its occuyou? Well, don't you? Answer!"

With proud, selfconscious glances pants were entering the crowded he said, shaking her, but before she nt their mothers, Nanabah and Mary room. Before her glazed eyes they could, he continued. "If you don't,

set the three great tables in the long blurred and then took form again. I'll tell you. I couldn't bear the

diningroom, tables designed for just It certainly was Mr. Franklyn, digthought of you in this hole! Do you

such occasions as this. The horses nity unimpaired, after the seventyknow, I haven't done a decent day's

attended, the men made themselves mile ride over impossible roads on work since I came down here to give comfortable about the schoolroom Christmas morning, Miss Darrow, those eye treatments? Can't you

stove, laughing and talking in jocose the insufferable field nurse, and besee, you little fool, that you aren't monosyllables. hind her, Dr. Vaile, carrying a the type for a job like this? The

In a surprisingly short time, consatchel and gravely professional. isolation, the eye treatments, bathing those kids, delousing them—

M:Larcia could never vehemently."I love them!"Marcia interrupted,

clearly remember the next few min- "Lice?"

utes. At first, she had dazedly sup- "Kids! Indian children! Work!

I at incensed her insubordination take I can Proving it—though &&rnc6etv posed the superintendent to be so Doing something all by myself! this long, cold didn't think that he had made you would either know

PRODUCERS journey for the pleasure of dischargor care!"Her tone changed, beSALES AGENTS ing her. Dr. Vaile and Miss Darrow came pleading. "Do you think he had probably come along to crow. meant my appointment will go

But presently, her stunned senses through? I mean will he use his inperceived that the tone of the sufluence—

perintendent's speech was a lauda- "Well, yes, I think that was the

UNION STOCK YARDS tory one. He was using such words general idea. Mr. Marshall, the

Los Anqeles Stockton as "resourceful"and "brave."He trader, talked with Mr. Franklyn for

saying fearing something about was hour, yesterday. have an He must So.- S'ah Francisco that the not well at remote all was of painted quite a noble picture

school—telephone wires down—Dr. work among the Indians, foryourthe

he felt it a duty to come along, too on his conscience all evening. He ATTEND Vaile concerned about the patient 'supe* seemed to sort of have you would have weight with the comsaid several times, Tm afraid we've

Provo School of Beauty Culture mission sort of neglected that little girl down the'The School Promise Where is Kept Presently they were all smiling there. I believe something must have 11 East 1st No., Provo, Utah

A Life's income for a meager investment and applauding and gazing expecthappened, or she'd have been to the antly permeeting!'at her, at least those, I suggested So, when who

for further Fill:'.n coupon

I English, understood and said she was sick, was haps Hannah and information or -*<*<* Phone No. 2 dizzily thanking the superintendent, was coming to see, he decided to

for what, she was not quite sure. come along. I hope you appreciate

Then Dr. Vaile said, stiffly, "I'd (Concluded on page 762)

TO UTAH FARMERS Maybe you think it's a long leading wheat county of the jump from a vast, windgreat wheat state of Kansas.

rippled field of growing This year, from a 700acre wheat to a grocery store. planting, he harvested betBut upand-coming Ameriter than 18,000 bushels of

can wheat producers like wheat. That's an average

Oley Ostrander have a difyield of better than 25 ferent slant nowadays. This bushels to the acre and a

interview I got in Kansas, record to be proud of anyfamous wheat producing where in the wheat belt. Mr.

area, makes that plain. Ostrander approved what

OleyOstrander is acknowl- I've written here about his edged one of the best wheat methods and his thinking farmers in Sumner County, Your Safeway Farm Reporter innUfigLm"/..;,...:.:...:.:ihwh

"rriHERE isn't much a wheat farmer can do "It does me good to see the

X about selling his own product,"Oley strong selling effort

too busy producing, too. Yetmarket—Ostrander told me. "We're too far out of the Safeway puts behind I know quality prodwheatwheat to has for people's compete attention ucts like Julia Leejust like foods. other

Wright's Bread and "At our end of this wheat business we Kansas Kitchen Craft Flour,"farmers have found it pays to use upto-date Mr. Ostrander says.

methods. On my own place, for instance, we "Advertising like

follow up the combine with a oneway machine Safeway's, and their to pulverize the soil. And by moldboarding store displays,area big

and cultivating at least three times during the help in keeping peosummer we keep the soil fine and weedfree. ple mindful of wheat"

"All of our seed is graded and fanned to insure an even stand. I use semideep furrow

drills and plant in ridges 3 to 4 inches deep, so the land holds moisture.

"But after harvesting a crop of wheat, we farmers have got to look to others to turn our ** intowheat products will the public pay moneyfor—and to tell the public about wheat's ownasg'

values. Wheat needs good selling—not only

to increase demand but to hold its markets.

"I've noticed that Safeway stores use upto- date methods to sell wheat just like I do to produce it. They offer the public good wheat

products at moneysaving prices. And by constant promotion—advertising and store display—they push wheat day in and day out.

"That's why I think of the Safeway people as a sort of partner of mine—because good

selling like they give wheat is what we producers need more than anything else."

The Safeway Farm Reporter

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1939

IT'S CHRISTMAS EVERYWHERE ( Concluded from page 760 tion I've been thinking of offering sticking his head into the hall, "thees the old boy's missing his Christmas you-—that is, when we get acquaintInduns he wants presents offa tree! dinner on your account. I think it ed—so wait, won't you?"He want git hees chillin home fore

was pretty nice of him!"Loss of sleep, or perhaps it was de dark come!"Then something in

"Oh, yes, of course, you must all the expression in the brown eyes the absorbed faces of the two embe starved!"Marcia stammered, looking so deeply into her own, was barrassed the lad, and he finished,

shocked at her inhospitality and trymaking Marcia very lightheaded confusedly, "Merr'Chreesmus!

ing to rush back to the kitchen and and she said, with a shaky laugh, Chreesmus geef!"and backed out.

remedy her omission, but the doctor "Oh, I suppose, after last night's "Why, it is Christmas—even

tightened his grasp on her arms. experience, you'll be trying to get away off here!"exclaimed Dr. Vaile, "Not so fast! Now, listen, don't me on your hospital staff—as one waking from a dream.

be too brash about signing any con- "Ticher!"shouted Thomas Say- "Yes,"said Marcia, radiantly.

tracts, will you? I—there's a posiit's-notso, jerking open the door and "It's Christmas everywhere!"

THE GOSPEL LEAVEN {Concluded from page 720) province of Kwangtung to Honolulu plantation there. He has been assowas formerly president of the Priwith his parents in 1 863. He learned ciated with the Latterday Saints

mary Association in the mission, and to speak Hawaiian fluently. A memever since—a period of fortytwoalso president of the Y. W. M. I. A. ber since 1889, he has served on two years. Baptized in 1932, he holds the

in the Oahu Stake. Another active missions, has held several positions office of Priest. He still holds the

member is William C. Ing, who in the Kalihi Branch, and is today hope that his wife and children, rejoined the Church through the M. president of the Oahu Stake High siding in China, will some day follow

I. A. He is one of the seven presiPriests'quorum. him into the Church.

ofdents his Seventies'quorum that Hawaii, it appears By way of as Hundreds of missionaries to Hawell as of the stake gene- a member will the yet reach the peoGospel alogical board in the Oahu Stake. waii may call Lau You friend. He ples of the Orient. With the help of

Perhaps the oldest living member came to Hawaii as a plantation lathe Lord, devoted sons and daughof the Church among the Chineseborer, and eventually, coming to the ters of a faroff realm are working born is Brother Kim Fah Chong, Laie settlement at the invitation of faithfully in the vineyards of their seventysix, who came from the a friend, became cook at the Church adopted country.

THE COMMON SOURCE OF RELIGIOUS TRUTH {Continued from page 719) a virgin should conceive and bear a son, ens. He is indeed your Lord and everlasting

characters. The same conclusion and a star would appear blazing at midKing.""

could be drawn relative to other day to signalize the occurrence. "When Ever since it has been recognized

"saviorgod"ideas. you behold the star,"said he to his followthat human beings in their search

it ers, leads you. it whithersoever "follow certain concepts have had for God early as Nephi's time, ZoroastAs child, offering mysterious the Adore in practices regardless him and common er, the Persian is reprophet, gifts is indeed humility. profound with He

puted to have predicted that the Almighty Lord which created the heavof the country or the century to which the worshipers belong, relig49OOO9999OSGCOGOeO6GOG9GGGO9O06COSOOCO0O0O6OOQO9GGCeOO9g ious thinkers have tried to understand this universality of religious concepts.

rituals that religious and The idea Don't HIBERMTEEDUEATE! beliefs gradually developed as men

came from savagery to civilization While winter reigns this year, reap an intellectual has gained wide acceptance during harvest by enrolling at Brigham Young University. the past century. As a result of this

Instead of letting yourself become mentally snowconclusion, many Christians have bound, you can gain valuable knowledge and perrejected the concept of divine insonal development during the winter quarter. spiration or revelation in religion

and the belief in the efficacy of the

Hundreds of persons take advantage of the rich atonement.

courses offered in this term, and renew their educa- A number of books and articles tional growth with the New Year. Classes are open have been written with the avowed

to both new and advanced students. purpose of proving that Christianity is pagan in its origin, that Jesus

Winter Quarter January 2 to March 15 is not the "Only Begotten Son of

Leadership Week January 22 to 26 God,"and that the account of His miraculous and immaculate concepis tion with merely a myth on par in paganism. those found BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY Some

PROVO, UTAH writers have gone so far as to main17Faber, History of Idolatry, II. 92.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1939

THE COMMON SOURCE OF RELIGIOUS TRUTH tain that the universality of the and the letters of Paul are reliable, Henry M. Battenhouse, "there is

the Christian opindisproves relatively trustworthy, point"saviorgod"concept accurate one and on which it is of ion is is thatdivine nature making of Jesus, as to the hisagree unanimous: history. 21 They 23 JesusHim not the Only Begotten but toricity of Jesus. In fact, the evidence indisputably the Christ."

a mythological character around presented by Dr. Shirley J. Case, Dr. Sidney Angus emphatically

whom were collected pagan myths, Dean of the Divinity School of the states;

refined and recorded by early University of Chicago, effectively Christianity had an unique advantage

Christian writers."counteracts any and all negative overJudaism,all ofin itshavingcompetitors,an historicincludingPersonevenas

Latterday Saints know through arguments presented by radical critFounder, whose Person was greater than

.revelations ics to the religion claiming from could to other a be Jesus God "mythHis teachings.. No

22 flesh in blood and. Being "placard"a real toholy ological Christ."Joseph the of In words prophets—especially brought to and lived near so had God who the concluforegoing 21Charles the Gore, Gospels Trustworthy?"Smith—that "Are union soulsatisfying intimate into such men

Jesus 175211; of Nazareth, Edgar Thesions are grossly J. Goodspeed, erroneous. They

Story the of Ernest Findlay New Testament. History Henry M. Battenhouse, New Testament after that shortly placedknow God Scott, Literature 1-300. Testament, The of the New1147; 176177. Literature,

Shirley Case, Jackson Historicity Jesus, and The of reearth, and Eve onAdam He 764) 1-300. on page (Concluded

vealed to them the Gospel of Jesus

Christ. Gradually, as mortals drew

further away from their heavenly parents and their Savior through sin and ignorance, the truths were corrupted and changed; yet a likeness to the original revelation persisted. At various times throughout

history the Lord renewed men's The egg is a treasuresource of minerals! of vitamins! of

knowledge of the Gospel through protein! Eat eggs for your vitamins... your minerals.

revelations to His prophets. Only You'll like Milk White Eggs for their high standard of

those individuals or peoples who quality. They are the best you can buy, and they cost

continued in harmony with Deity no more. "Milk White"Eggs have a national reputation

were able to draw divine verities as good eggs. Ask your grocer for them!

all religions confrom above. Thus

eternaltaining truths from come the Milk White HillEggsWard,are 3rdbeingNorthusedandbyColumbusthe M. I.Streets,A. CookingDecemberSchool14. at Capitol

one that God taught Adam. Apostasies, however, have diverted the

truths, leaving only enough verity EAT MORE EGGS-//* fbpd$d itin to give paganism a resemblance to the teachings of the Master. This VcrxVn Qualify CUklfoun,'lhQceA+frrv

accounts for the numerous "saviorgods"in history and the worldwide presence of certain other religiousconcepts. 20 MILK WHITE EGGS

But it should not be assumed for a moment that just because many principal beliefs and practises found in Christianity today were present in most of the great religions of the well as in asworld the minor THAT COUNTS all religions antiquitycults of that pagan IT'S THE TASTE are of equal moral and spiritual worth. The waters of truth sparkle You can always depend on delicious, satisfying

divinely in the Church of Jesus flavor in Royal Bread. The fine ingredients ofChrist as they gush forth from the

great Fountain of Truth—even which it is made, give it that substantial, natural

Jesus the Lord, "the light and life of the world"; while, on the other flavor you enjoy. Ask for Royal Bread by name.

ism—adulteratedhand, the sluggish andstreamsteemingof paganwith ROYAL BAKING CO.,error—contain only glimmers of diSalt Lake & Ogden—100% HomeOwned

vine verities.

The responsibility of the true

Christian today is to weigh the evidence regarding the divinity and historicity of Jesus. The most reputable scholars of early Christian BREADhistory maintain that the Gospels

Fresh every day 1BGraves, op.

Hunter, Milton R. cit., 1-450;"WhyCarpenter,the 'Goldenop. cit.Thread'at your grocer's

of Religion?"Improvement Era. XL (October, 1937),

638, 653. Joseph Fielding Smith, The Progress of

Man. 178182, 422423.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1939

THE COMMON SOURCE OF RELIGIOUS TRUTH (Continued from page 763) From Nephi to Moroni, the avowed purThe time will come when everythe Father.with The 24Mystery religposea workof each"to theof theconvincingwriters wasof theto Jewproduceand one who worshiped a "saviorgod"ions could offer only... myths.

Mormons know beyond doubt Eternalthe GentileGod,thatmanifestingJesus is himselfthe Christ,unto theall otherthat thethancreedJesushe followedChrist willcontainedlearn through the evidence presented in nations."28 only a semblance of the divine truths

their holy scriptures, especially the Not only did the prophets of old revealed through the holy prophetsBook and the Doctrine of Mormon that testimony bear is the only Jesus will realize that his "saof God. He Covenants, thatand is the Jesus light true Messiah, but came new in viorgod"but a counterfeit was

Christ and the only name given modern times to the Prophet Joseph the true Messiah. But a vestige ofofwhereby salvareceive can mankind his In Smith. words: truth from source con- a commontion. Indeed, him, right the even saw hand on We nects all him other searchers and

the and heard God; voice bearingthe we revealed purpose of the recof Nephite for life eternal that with original is record that the he is of Begotten Onlyord to be another witness to the divinity

and mission of Jesus. It sustains and amthe Father—That by him, and through messianic revelation given to Adam,

plifies the testimony of the Bible, and even him, and of him, the worlds are and were the first man, in accordance with the created, the thereof inhabitants andconfirms the hopes which in arose the of decree that truths God, Gospel 28are begotten sons and daughters untobreasts God. the of ancient relative pagans to in "should until the be world, the realitythe of the efficacy of God, the 27 Sa25Berrett, Hunter. Fitzgerald, Welker. of "Book thereof."endvior,. life... an and assurance eternal of of the Mission of Christ,"Concept Mormon A Guide

MAngus,op. cit, 309311. to Doctrinethe Study andof theCovenantsBook of 76:1124.Mormon, 6278. Tearl of Great Price, Moses 5:59.

GIFT

{Concluded from page 717) bring to you the most precious of all Judge Kendrick closed his hand took a small book and slowly ungifts, the restored Gospel of Jesus reverently about the worn volume.

wound the strip of linen, now yelChrist. For a moment he made no reply. In

low with age, in which it was Elder George Kendrick."that brief silence, memory carried

wrapped. him back to the livingroom of a

"Your father came over land and Andre waited. The Judge said little cottage in the west, a cottage

sea,"he said, "to bring to my fanothing, but turned the pages slowthat he held most dear. Again he

ther's family and to others the mesly, noting the careful interlineations. could see his father's straight,

sage contained in this book."Then closing the book gently he strong figure and gentle counteJudge Kendrick held the book in passed it back to Andre. nance as he called his family around

his hand and looked at it intently. "It is for you,"said Andre, plachim for eveninq prayer. His lovely

On the worn leather cover the title, ing it in his hand again. "I have mother, his brothers, his sisters were

Mormons Bog, was dimly discerncome far to bring it to you. There all there, kneeling in reverent devoible. Opening it he noted the inscripwas a time when you believed in its tion. And he was one with his loved

tion, written in his father's wellre- teachings and lived them. Now, in ones, in that little circle of prayer.

membered hand. It read: your busy life, I was afraid you It had been a long time since the

"I have come across the world to might forget."Judge had opened the book of the

past. But now that it was open a

great emotion swept through his heart. The real values of life came

singing back to him. It was as if a

guiding light had suddenly shone out ahead of him, revealing the path of truth that for a time had been lost in the hurry and confusion of the daily round of life. And then he was

back again, sitting beside his father's old friend.

In the dusk of the little room his words came to Andre like soft music in the stillness of the night. He

spoke slowly as if he were weighing each word.

"You can never know, Andre, how fully I appreciate your great kindness. We live in a selfish world.

Few men give such sublime devotion to a cause as you have given. In

the long years of struggle, fortune has brought me money and influence.

But nowhere in all my wanderings have I found the peace that has

Fireman... save my new ZCMI outfit first! come to me this night. Andre, I acIt's so smart and becoming I couldn't live without it. cept your Christmas gift."

a

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1939

THE PROBLEM OF UNEMPLOYMENT

[Concluded from page 716) chinery that greatly multiplied the industry and the installation of autoproductive capacity per worker and matic machinery. Notwithstanding by using more efficient methods ofa heavy increase in production, management. Thus it certainly ap- "Mm$ Gtyriatmaa"

mechanization and new methods inpears that capital has tried, and creased on an average the output per continues to try, to get results with amJtinwL Uvwuqk,worker by thirtyfour to fiftyone fewer and fewer workers—to get asper cent. Thus workers were disfar away from the need of workers ihsL ysuoMu

placed faster than new industries as feasible.

and new jobs could absorb them. with a modern

What was true during the period inInseparable Interests dicated has been true since that time. Co capital and labor appear to forThree Causes of Unemployment get that their interests are muGAS RMGE

tual and are inseparably joined with "\I7hile during the past twenty those of the public. This forgetfulyears new inventions and new ness, or utter foolishness, depending

industries have given jobs to milon the point of view, has undoubtlions, there has been a lag in employedly made unemployment the bigment, authorities agree. The result gest and most serious problem in

of all contributing factors is that toAmerica. Is it not more threatenday there are estimated to be about ing to the peace and stability of our

twelve million unemployed workers form of government than all the in America, this being the increase "isms"combined that are being induring the twenty years. Stated in vestigated by the Dies Congressional

another way, more than twenty per Committee? In the last analysis is

chief causecent—one in five—of all employnot unemployment the

ables in America today are jobless. of the rapid rise in our national debt

Yet, on the whole, production was during the past few years? fast

never greater. The causes? Some He who solves the problem of unof these are said to be the following: employment will make it easy to balClean

1. Mechanization of industry. ance our national budget; he will

in requires America production fewer of Comstop the growthOur vast sediLow Cost all other a ever before. than and Nazism,workers munism, To

large extent the machine has taken tious isms; he will bring an era of

loads from the backs and work from peace and friendly relations to capCOOKING the hands of men and women. And ital and labor; he will bring prosnew jobs have not appeared as fast perity and security to this favored Here's a gift that brings

it a land again disappeared. once oldas ones have make land and to famthe whole inpleasure the its citizens all enjoy where 2. in population. Increase The enduring gift—ily. It's an "life, liberty, and of rights alienable intotal of workers has number

creased; the total number of jobs the pursuit of happiness."gift of greater ease and bethas decreased. Is not the solution of this problem ter meals... and its cost is

3. Lack of amicable relations be- a mighty challenge to all men of good low.

tween "capital and labor."Diswill, to all loyal citizens who love

agreements, disputes, strikes, and this great country and its instituWomen prefer gas cooking lockouts have more or less contintions? If the America of the fathers for its unmatched speed,

ually disturbed our industrial peace shall be the America of their chilcleanness and economy.

during recent years. Both employer dren, the problem of unemployment And the new gas ranges not

and employee appear to have acted must be solved. only save time and effort,

if public, party, the a thirdas was but they add distinctive vitally in interestednot what they to beauty kitchen. any to alldo. weapon The common TIME WASTED the TO

strikes lockouts is force. and The There's to suit a model your Rose E. Ross By dicusually of settlement areterms needs. terms. Convenient

result intated; they cannot hence heart crying Come in for details. was my XT relations.genuinely amicable

the wind Not more—moreLabor haspay,demandedshorter hours,more betand OrIt wasa lostmy starheartin crying!the sky; MOUNTAIN FUCL

ter working conditions, the closed It cried shop, more voice in management, For all those wasted hours SUPPLY COMPANY and freedom from responsibility, i. e., Spent in foolish reverie, Salt Lake—Ogden—Provo

legal obligations.from carelessly so ignored For hours

Serving 23 Utah Communities Capital has life strong. young and was responded by speedWhen

ing up the installation of automatic It was my heart crying machinery, by the use of new maNot the wind.

. U

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1939

SOLUTION OF NOVEMBER PUZZLE Scriptural Crossword PuzzleThe Son of Nun (Josh. 24:29)

ACROSS

1 "Be strong... of good courage"39 "as the waters cover the..,.r'

..."for all called 41 Weapon Joshua 4 "And

that "chant to the sound of the..,': the seventh 42 day fell on Jericho LO

Joshua's men marched... it 44 Father (Arabic);... Ben Adhem

13 "I will... a place for my peo46 "And Joshua said unto... peo-|our Christmas ple"ple"

15 Glassy 48 "is of few..., and full of

17 "and the cruel venom of..."trouble"

18 "put away the gods which your 50 Brother of Odin; half of five

fathers..."51 River of SiberiairertmQs 19 "And... people said unto 53 Masculine name

Joshua"55 Compared with other men Moses to your friends this year will 20 A treble note was this Num. 12: 3

his fame was... ihrfiugbwith gas 57 "and Charge find warmer, more cordial 21

all the country"out 23 Pouch expression if you make your 26 Being 59 Measure selection from our beautiful 28 "Then shall the lame man... as 60 "Why hast thou given me but...

array of 30 "hean willhart"turn and... you hurt"61 "outlot"... the land of Egypt''

31 "Now therefore fear the..."62 "The Son of Nun"

34 "do according to... the law"

35 "remain in the land which Moses Our Text from Joshua is 1, 4, 18, 19, gave you... this side Jordan"31, 34, 46, 48, 61, and 62 combined

36 "Let us make man in our..."

will find Here you a wide DOWN variety price at the want you 1 Presented itself 27 Slope to pay. 2 "and... it in a book"29 "those things that... him"

See them now! 35 DistressIndian milletsignal 32 "AllBashan"the kingdom of... in

Ask about our lovely assortment of 67 MeansWife ofof transportationLamech and mother of 3337 AdoreGreek letter 21 different cards for only $1.00 Jabal and Jubal Gen. 4: 19 38 Land to which Cain went

8 Alleviates 40 Jewish month Also business and professional greetings 9 Part of the face 43 "which took their..., and went

10 King James Bible forth to meet the bridegroom"11 Field of granular snow 45 "which is to day in the field, and

. 14 province Canadian into.. inheritance""every 47 manJke cyDederet I ewd 12 "art not a... of the law"to morrow is cast into the...'"16 in fee simple variant "earth"Land held of Dial. Eng. 49

19 Ducks 52 Low undefiled and Staff officer before 54 is this"Father. and.. the 56 Nativefredd.. 20 "PureGod tree of Hawaii

Shrub it seem 58 "And... evil unto you 29 Richards Street, Salt Lake City 22

24 the to serve Lord""Why make ye this..."

x>o<>cxxrxxoocxxrx>cxxxxxxxxxxxxx 25 Joshua's army,.. Jericho

TEiEFACT THREE YEARS'WAR IN SPAIN rfetttlltttttlttiKILLED IN BATTLE

EXECUTED OR 30,000 ASSASSINATED Everything for the movie maker g-g 250,000 service to movie OUR is makers complete.

Science ServicePictorial Statistics, Incl016 Full stocks of CineKodak

Film, including Kodachrome (for fullcolor movies). All the CineKodaksand KodascopeProTEiEFACT jectors. CineKodaks from

COST OF STATE GOVERNMENTS (u.s.a.) $32.50. Convenient terms;

tradein allowance plan.

$12.52 PER CAPITA 7932 i EASTMAN/STORES

INC. 155 SOUTH MAIN STREET Telephone WASATCH 5292

PER CAPITA i $20.28

duc IXJC 3JC **, Bfflffi6fSK isWi$AW Science ServicePictorial Statistics, lnc.1025 You Can't

tices and inequalities, and there will Always Plan XX

The Enemy Within always be such in any government (Concluded from page 715) in the management of which enter the Future by X

Latterday Saints and the the frailties of human nature. If you X the Past Constitution want changes go to the polls on election day, express yourself as an

should Saints [ atterday citizen, the thank have American and Just because haven't you XX nothing to secret comdo with privilege that is yours Lord for the fire is a had reason no binations and groups antagonistic to have a say as to who shall serve why you won't. Don't

to the Constitutional law of the you in public office. judge the future by the

land, which the Lord "suffered to Next to being one in worshipping past. XX

established,"which andbe is in this nothing world God there is Fire a constant menfor the rightsshould maintained be and this which should Church be ace and visit you any may just upon all flesh, toprotection of according united in upholding than more and day. principles; holyand XX Constitution the the defending of act in doctrine every and That man may Insure toproperty your

futurity, to pertainingprinciple according States. United protected day and be Ito the given moral agency which have

unto him, that every man may be account- A Prayer for Unity against loss. X

able for his own sins in the day of judgAay the appeal of our Lord in His Better get your policy ment.

Therefore, it is not right that any man intercessory prayer for unity be while you can.

should be in bondage one to another. realized in our homes, our wards, and

stakes, I established support for this purpose have and in our And of the Utah Home Fire XXthe of this land, Constitution by principles the hands basic of our democracy.

this untoof wise I raised up men whom thevery land purpose, and redeemed by God guide this Church, and parInsurance Co.

in ticularly the Priesthood, buildingthe shedding of blood. (Doctrine and Heber J. Grant & Co.

to in esaccording 101:7780.) God's plan, andCovenants

Of course there are errors in govtablishing His kingdom on earth, I GENERAL AGENTS ernment which some would correct; pray in the name of Jesus Christ. Salt Lake City, Utah

certainly there are manifest injusAmen. ixxi5 3**C mJti<\m:xi?i

RELATIONSHIP LET'S SAY IT CORRECTLY you the nearest relative I've got?"Johnny: "Mother, are

dear, and your father is the closest."ONEpositionrequestofthatthe camewords,in justrecentlyand only.was concerningThese twothewordsproperas Mother: "Yes,

well as the words, ever, almost, and even, should be placed so CORRECT TRANSLATION that their reference is immediately clear. The meaning of the Fouryear-old Marcia was just back from Sunday school.

sentence varies with their changed positions; for instance, "I In reply to her mother's question, "What did you learn today?"

just asked him to go with me,"means that I did not insist; I she answered very solemnly, "I learned at Sunday school

merely asked; while "I asked him just to go with me,"means today 'The Lord is my shepherd; why should I worry?'

that I did not expect him to participate, but he accompanied REASON ENOUGH merely. me

(which is Raging,"the Tempest the "Master, song When just the word, with to danger is another be avoided There still,") all Peace be sweetly shall obey Thy will, "They not reads It quite, or simply. Just is very, used is sometimes to mean

the Latterday Saints Sunday School, being sung in was first is beautiful,"just that intensive. "I think could be more an

class. kindergarten of the a member Verda was is beautiful."stated, that correctly think "I very

noticed teacher School her Sunday Sundays few After a in misplaced to the is often said be word most Only singing. being especially the during quiet Upon she was, the how Its determines position the meaning often language. English

says, song replied, she she new so quiet "The asked why senthe in the following the sentence. meaning of Analyze was"

still.''Please be tences:

it; I I told try to try it; I told to only told him him Only PRECISE, PRIM, AND—

I it; try to it only. to told try only and him him to get her younger lady was trying young The conscientious $>

Dear Brother: sisters to use good English. One day when she corrected her

proper said: me all sister, the little girl "You just sixyear-old that will these parts receiving reports from will soon be Orderville, Utah. Adair, YOU the time."Wilma the to follow best our doing that convince you we are

admonition of President Grant: "An Era in Every Home."

We have added, "An Era to Every Investigator."

Regards and best wishes to all Era workers in the whole world, E. J. Sorensen, Hollywood Stake.

Dear Brethren, in the arrival privilege since pleasure and has been my my IT field to on and mission Era, read the keep up Improvement the activities of the Church. I wish it were possible to put the

Era in the homes of all the twelve hundred members here in

Arkansas.

I particularly enjoy those articles dealing with Church history and Church doctrine, as I receive new ideas and new thoughts which tend to aid me in the promulgation of the Gospel. I

find many beautiful thoughts expressed in the editorials, and especially those by Dr. Widtsoe.

H. Fredrick Johnson, District President.

$ Little Rock, Arkansas.

Dear Editor:

Here in Tasmania, where the farthest south Churchowned building is located, we send our appreciation and thanks for the Era we receive each month bringing us news from home. APPEAR TO NATURAL WANTED it splendid the is accomon the work Era We congratulate "It will a far better Photographer: be picture if you put in the to plishing Tasmania. spread Gospel here in helping us

wife's shoulder."your on hand your are, success, continued we much Wishing you

"It far more natural if she put her be would Husband: I. Berrett, Bird, Bundy, Eric. Henry Wayne

pocket."in my Jones. hand Bryan, Robert Claude Brown, Jr., Ray

Earl W.<*- Smart (District President.) BROTHER Jones wasLOUDER,a steady ChurchgoerPLEASE and enjoyed good

Dear Sir: sermons, but he objected to speakers who could scarcely

missionaries the for write I suggest an article that you occasion a certain when he was asked to offer be heard. On

is just that it state please as supplication: in this article closed with this Mayand he important prayer,

to have an Improvement Era in their missionary brief case as "And now, if it pleases Thee, strengthen the lungs of our it is to have other Church literature. beloved brethren, so that when they speak for our edification

I have been called as a home missionary and words cannot and instruction, it may be heard beyond the third row, even express how much the Improvement Era has meant to me. The down to the doors of the chapel, that all may be benefited."

average person whom we come in contact with is unable to It is said that Brother Jones'prayer was answered.

grasp the true meaning of our religion. They cannot quite Submitted by Hugo D. E. Peterson.

realize that the Prophet Joseph Smith did have these heavenly visitations, and that he was a true prophet of the Lord. How- A TIME TO COME, A TIME TO GO

ever, when a missionary can show them and read splendid SEVERAL years ago, when the Ward Teachers visited the articles written by our President, Heber J. Grant, on clean home of President Heber Q. Hale of the Boise Stake, he

living, and the many wonderful teachings of our religion put called his family together as usual, and the Senior Teacher bein magazine form, they become more interested. Why, we gan to talk. He kept it up for over a half hour. Then, turning

may even sell our Improvement Eras to nonmembers, and in to his young companion, he said:

that way alone make many true and loyal converts. The Era "That's all I have to say. Now, you may talk."

has everything good and fine that a firstclass magazine should The young man replied: "I hardly know what to say,"

have. and instantly the president's little threeyear-old son, Homer,

May the Improvement Era be in every Latterday Saint home. who had sat restlessly through the long talk of the older man,

Tillie S. Mosely, shot in the words:

Los Angeles, California "Say Amen."

A

Land of Peace

7Y THIS Christmas time, all of us feel

I I a deeper gratitude that we live in a

land of peace where the American

Way of living imparts a richer, a freer

existence.

KSL is proud to be an integral force in the

American Way of things. Looking forward,

"The Voice of the West"anticipates continued years for peaceful enjoyment of the

a bundance of this land: abundance in material things, in spiritual enrichment, in aesthetic enjoyment.

This is our thought at Christmas and at the

threshhold of a new year.

Columbia's 50,000 Watt Affiliate in Salt Lake City KSL

* f the U/intet -3n ofi M<t

WHICH WAY DOES

THE SIGN POINT?

Winter is a time of joy or of sadness; of feast

or of famine; of security or of danger; of hope

or of despair. In winter come happy homecomings

or dreary days spent alone... and friendless.

So with "the winter of life."Will it be kind or

cruel? Will you enjoy its fulness or feel its futility?

Let Life Insurance temper the winter's gales...

and be sure your Life insurance is Beneficial.