I. AskYour Dealer for Z. C. M.

Western Scout SHOES An elk skin shoe, with chrome soles, light, but very strong and durable, especially suitable for all outdoor sports.

Used extensively by carpenters, iron workers, boy scouts, etc.

Cheap—comfortable—serviceable.

Ask your dealer for them.

iiiiHHiMniiHUinilRiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuuuiiii m iiiiiiiiiiiiimiiitmiiiiiiiiiiiriiiiiiiiiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimtimi iiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiimiiiinuiHiiiuniiiiiiiiiiiiii

Latterday Saints Garments APPROVED CORRECT PATTERN - Prepaid Parcel Post to any par. of United States, 20e extra ra each

garment to Canada or Mexico.

Theme Approved Temple Garments are knitted and made right here In onr own Utah factory, to your special order and measurement*. Lowest prices

on market. Mall jour order to n* -o-v and say yon saw It la the "Improvement Era.**

LOOK FOR THE APPROVED LARF IN EVERY GARMENT

No. Price 11 Light weight cotton f1.75

20 Light weight cotton bleached 2. to

60 Medium weight cotton 2.28

22 Medium weight cotton bleached 2.28

90 Heavy weight cottun 2.78

24 Heavy weight cotton bleached Js.M

BO Extra white double, bleached mere. 4.09

10 Medium weight wool mixture 4.O0

10 Heavy weight wool 6.06

18 Extra heavy wool.so

Slsea from 82 to 44 bust, and 82 to 64 length* us desired. Longer than

64 la, or over 44 In. bust, each aire 20c extra. Garments with double backs 26c extra per suit. We make any else desired.

Measure bust around body under arm; length, from center on top of

shoulder down to inside of ankle. Orders for less than two garments not

accepted.

Infant Shirts- -SUkslln* and Lamb's Wool Shirts, 81.00 each. State

*abys age.

KNITTING MODEL CHRISTIANSON, ManagerWORKS FRANKLY* me Iverson Street, Salt Lake City, Utah Phoas By. 619

sssjsjsjssnunsnsjsjsjsjsjsnnsgnn

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION TUB IMPROVEMENT BRA

Improvement Era

Vol. XXIV MARCH, 1921 No. 5

The Fall and the Redemption

By Elder Orson F. Whitney, of the Council of the Twelve

Many years ago I put forth some thoughts in the form of an allegory upon the theme of Earth's fall and redemption. For

when Man fell, Earth fell also, and for a similar purpose—that

&he might, by descending below all, rise above all, and inherit the fulness of Eternal Glory. It may help to create an atmosphere for the address I am about to deliver, if I here repeat that

allegory Earth Redeemed

The "World lay wrapt in Death's embrace. The tale of the Tempter

had triumphed, and the pinions of his power now fettered the fair limbs of God's beauteous creation. Earth, a virgin, beguiled, ensnared by Sin,

shrank shuddering from the touch of her wouldbe defiler and destroyer.

Hark!—a cry for help. The captive strives to free herself from the

fell clasp of the foe. Summoning all her powers, she springs erect, and,

grasping her chain, essays to rend it asunder. It will not yield; the links

are firm, the staple strong. Madly she tugs and toils—in vain, alas! in

vain. Baffled, bruised and breathless, she sinks exhausted, and the arms

of the monster Sin once more enfold her. Again and again she struggles,

exerting all her strength to repel the foul polluter. But alas! his strength

is stronger, his grasp a grasp of iron. He holds her writhing form as in a

vise, gloating over her despair, exulting in her misery, and laughing to scorn her fruitless efforts to be free.

Vainly she weeps and pleads and prays. No mercy melts that icy

heart, no pity beams from out that baleful eye. She is lost, she is lost!

For who can save her now? Oh, that she should be dragged into deeper

depths of shame than those into which her wayward will and youthful folly have plunged her!

The cry for help was heard in Heaven. The incense of tears, the

perfume of prayers came up before the Great White Throne, and the heart of Him who sitteth thereon, the mighty heart of the throbbing universe, was touched with compassion.

*An address delivered before the Church School Teachers'Convention, in Barratt Hall, Salt Lake City, December 31, 1920.

374 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"Go down, my Son, and rescue Earth; strike off her fetters, vanquish

her foes, and hring her back, thy Bride; to reign in glory. The decree of

her hanishment we revoke. She hath suffered double for all her sins. Go,

hring her hither, that we may place upon her brow the seal of pardon, a diadem of power."So spake the Eternal Father.

Obedient to the royal mandate, the Son departed from his Father's house. Yet went he not in glory, with courtly train or blazing equipage,

nor as warrior girt for battle. No chariot he rode; no charger mounted;

no shining armor encased him; nor sword, nor spear, nor shield he bore.

For thus he reasoned wisely: 'My mission iB of love, my errand one of

mercy. I go my Bride to woo. She shall love me for myself, and not for

wealth or station.'I

Doffing his celestial crown; laying aside his jeweled scepter, and

exchanging kingly robe for pilgrim gown, the Prince of Peace bade Heaven farewell, and solitary and alone descended the stairway of the stars.

A sound of falling shackles in the dungeons of despair! The crash

of bursting gates, the roar of crumbling ramparts! The shout, the song

of joy, the trumpetpeal and thundermarch of victory! Earth, thy hour

is come! Deliverance is here. Hell's battlements are shaking—her walls

go down. The Standard of Liberty floats triumphant above her ruined

strongholds!

But ah! there looms another sight—a cross, a crown of thorns; a

mantle, bloodstained, torn and trampled. What mean these emblems

these ghastly signs of suffering? Was this thy greeting, Earth, for him,

thy great Deliverer? For this came He to woo thee, to rescue and redeem

thee, to exalt thee in glory above the telestial stars? Is it thus a Bride

doth meet her Lord?

A voice from the depths gave answer: 'Not mine, not mine the blame.

I knew thee, Lord, and welcomed thee; but the shaft of Satan laid thee

low. Death hast thou slain, and Sin; but in the hour of my deliverance

thou wert stricken. Woe, woe is me, a widow—a widow ere a bride!

Where art thou gone, my Lover? My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me?"

Far through the night a solemn Voice fell echoing: "Mourn not for

me, nor deem thyself deserted. I go to prepare a place for thee, that where

I am, there thou mayest be also. Fear not, O Earth! I have broken the

bands that bound thee. No more shall thy foes ensnare thee. The midnight hour is past. The morning breaks in glory! My Bride thou art and

shall be! For lo! I come to claim thee!"

And now to my subject proper: The Fall of Man and the

Redemption from the Fall are the great vicissitudes of human experience. One is sequel to the other, and both are steps in

the march of Eternal Progression. In order to comprehend this

mighty problem, even in part, one must hark back to first principles, to the fundamentals of the Faith, the origin of the race, the preordained purpose of this mortal existence, and the inception of the means whereby the human becomes the divine.

The Preexistence

In the "Book of Abraham"it is written:

Now the Lord had shown unto me, Abraham, the intelligences that were organized before the world was; and among all these there were

many of the noble and great ones.

THE FALL AND THE REDEMPTION 375

And God saw these souls that they were good, and he stood in the midst of them, and he said: These I will make my rulers; for he stood

among those that were spirits, and he saw that they were good; and he

said unto me: Abraham, thou art one of them; thou wast chosen before

thou wast born.

And there stood one among them that was like unto God, and he said unto those who were with him: We will go down, for there is space

there, and we will take of these materials, and we will make an earth whereon these may dwell;

And we will prove them herewith, to see if they will do all things whatsoever the Lord, their God, shall command them;

And they who keep their first estate shall be added upon; and they

who keep not their first estate shall not have glory in the same kingdom with those who keep their first estate; and they who keep their second

estate shall have glory added upon their heads for ever and ever. (Abraham

3:2226.) Abraham had been shown the preexistent spirits of the human race, waiting for an earth to be made, that they might come upon it and pass through a mortal probation. Here they

were to obtain bodies, thus becoming "souls,"capable of endless increase and everlasting progression. They were to be

tested as to their willingness to do whatever the Lord might require of them, and undergo experiences for their further education and development. All were "good,"but some were better, some nobler and greater than others; and because of their

superior merit and larger capacity, they were to be made "rulers"over the rest.

Essentials to Progress Thus we see that the creation of an earth was not the only thing necessary when the bark of human destiny was launched.

The means of getting man down upon the earth, and the means of redeeming him from the earth, had to be provided. The institution of the Everlasting Gospel, and the appointment of an

or-—"rulers"Executor tobyputdivineit intoauthority—toeffect; the administerordination theof alawsPriesthoodand

dinances of the Gospel; all these were essential before man had

set foot upon this planet, before one of God's spirit children had tabernacled in the flesh. It is evident, from what has been revealed, that all things vitally connected with man's mortal pilgrimage were understood and arranged before that pilgrimage

began. Eternal progress, endless exaltation, was the sublime

object in view, and over the glad prospect, despite the pain and sorrow that must necessarily intervene, "the morning stars sang together, and all the Sons of God shouted for joy."

"And the Lord said: "Whom shall I send? And one answered like unto

the Son of Man: Here am I, send me. And another answered and said:

Here am I, send me. And the Lord said: I will send the first."

Abraham here refers to the choosing of the Christ, the 376 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Great Executor of the Divine Plan instituted for man's progress and exaltation.

"Anil the second was angry, and kept not his first estate, and at that da] man; followed after him."

First and Second Estates The "second,"whom the Lord did not "send,"was Lucifer, who hecame Satan. Of him, more anon. The "first estate"is

the spirit life, lived by man prior to being placed on earth in a body of flesh and blood. In the spirit life God's children "walk

by sight."The "second estate"signifies life in the flesh, where

these same spirits, in mortal bodies, are required to "walk byfaith,"with the knowledge of the past temporarily obscured, that their agency may be entirely free, uninfluenced by any recollection of a former experience, unless it be awakened by inspiration. Manifestly, the second estate, compared with the

first, is a much greater test of integrity, and one that results, to those who overcome, in a far more glorious reward than any previously bestowed.

The Creation "And then the Lord said: Let us go down. And they went down at

the beginning, and they, that is the Gods, organized and formed the heavens and the earth."

Earth was not created out of nothing, as human theology asserts; but out of previously existing materials, as divine revelation affirms. Millions of earths had been created in like

manner before this planet rolled into existence. To create does

not mean to make something out of nothing. Such a doctrine is

neither scientific nor scriptural. Nothing remains nothing, of

necessity; no power, human or divine, could make it otherwise.

Creation is organization, with materials at hand for the process. Joseph Smith's position upon this point, though combatted by doctors of divinity, is confirmed by the most advanced

scientists and philosophers of modern times. The dogma that

earth was made out of nothing is an attempt to glorify Deity by ascribing to him the power to perform the impossible—to do

that which cannot be done. As if Deity could be glorified with

anything of that kind, or had need of such glorification! It is

also an effort to escape from what many religious teachers consider a dilemma, the other horn of which would commit them to what they mistakenly deem a fallacy—namely, the eternity

or selfexistence of matter.

"Mormonism"stands firmfooted upon this ground. It

holds matter to be uncreateable, indestructible, without beginning or end, and consequently eternal.

THE FALL AND THE REDEMPTION 377

Herbert Spencer says: "The doctrine that matter is indestructible has become a commonplace. All the apparent

proofs that something can come out of nothing, a wider knowledge has one by one canceled."And John Fiske confirms him,

in saying: "It is now inconceivable that a particle of matter

should either come into existence, or lapse into nonexistence."

Robert K. Duncan clinches the argument with the emphatic

pronouncement: "We cannot create something out of nothBut Joseph Smith proclaimed it first. "The elements are

eternal,"he declared, "and spirit and element, inseparably connected, receiveth a fulness of joy."The Prophet went so far

as to say: "All spirit is matter, but it is more fine or pure,

and can only be discerned by purer eyes."Eternal spirit, eternal element, these are the "materials"out of which Earth was

as a place of probation for man, but as ancreated—not only

eternal abode for the righteous, who are to inherit it.

The Spiritual and the Temporal

There were two creations—or rather, the creation had two

phases, the first spiritual, the second temporal. When God

made man and beast, and fish and fowl, he made them twice first in the spirit, then in the body; and the same is true of the

trees, shrubs, flowers, and all other created things. They were

made both spiritually and temporally, the spirit and the body constituting the soul. (Doctrine and Covenants 88:15; Moses

3:9.) The duality of creation is set forth, though somewhat vaguely, in the book of Genesis (the King James version) where, after giving an account of the origin of the earth and all things connected therewith, the sacred historian goes on to say:

These are the generations of the heavens and of the earth when they were created, in the day that the Lord God made the earth and the heavens and every plant of the field before it was in the earth, and every herb of the field before it grew: for the Lord God had not caused it to rain upon

the earth, and there was not a man to till the ground. (Gen. 2:4, 5.)

"Not a man to till the ground!"—and yet man had been

created, as well as the plants and herbs that existed "before they grew."The apparent contradiction—apparent but not real

explained by the Prophet when he revised, by the Spirit—was

of Revelation, the Scriptures, giving a more ample account of the Creation than the ordinary Bible contains. From that

account the following sentences are taken:

For I the Lord God created all things of which I have spoken, spiritually, before they were naturally upon the face of the earth * * * And

I the Lord God had created all the children of men; and not yet a man

378 IMPROVEMENT ERA

to till the ground. For in Heaven created I them; and there was not

yet flesh upon the earth, neither in the water, neither in the air * * *

Nevertheless, all things were before created. (Moses 3:5-9.)

The Value of a BodyMan needed experience in mortality—in the midst of rudimental conditions, that he might attain to higher wisdom and

greater worthiness. He also needed a body for purposes of increase and progression, both in time and eternity. The spirit

without the body is imperfect; it cannot propagate, and it cannot go on to glory. The fall of man gave bodies to the spirits

awaiting them, with further opportunities for education and expansion.

"The great principle of happiness,"says Joseph Smith, ''consists in having a body. The Devil has no body, and herein is his punishment * *

All beings who have bodies have power over those who have not."

The reason why Satan has no body is because he rebelled in the Eternal Councils, when the creation of this earth was considered, and a Redeemer for it chosen. Lucifer, an angel

"in authority in the presence of God,"would fain have been selected for the mighty mission; but his scheme for human redemption was of a compulsory character, destructive of the free

agency of man. Moreover, this "Son of the Morning"had become darkened to that degree that he demanded, in recompense

for his proposed service, the honor and glory that belong only to the Highest. Therefore was he rejected, and, rebelling, "was

thrust down from the presence of God and the Son, and was called Perdition, for the heavens wept over him.""And also

ofa third part of the host of heaven turned he away—because

their agency."(Doctrine and Covenants 76:25, 26; 29:36.)

This tremendous catastrophe—the rebellion and fall of

Lucifer, following Christ's election to fill the sublime role of

Redeemer and Savior, I have endeavored to portray in my epic poem, "Elias,"a portion of which I will now render:

Elect of Elohim

In solemn council sat the Gods;

From Kolob's height supreme, Celestial light blazed forth afar

O'er countless kokaubeam.

And faintest tinge, the fiery fringe

Of that resplendent day, 'Lumined the dark abysmal realm

Where Earth in chaos lay.

Silence. That awful hour was one

When thought doth most avail;

Of worlds unborn the destiny Hung trembling in the scale.

THE FALL AND THE REDEMPTION 379

Silence selfspelled, and there arose,

Those kings and priests among,

A Power sublime, than whom appeared

None mightier 'mid the throng.

A stature mingling strength with grace,

Of meek though godlike mien The glory of whose countenance

Outshone the noonday sheen.

Whiter his hair than ocean spray,

Or frost of alpine hill.

He spake—attention grew more grave,

The stillness e'en more still.

"Father!"—the voice like music fell,

Clear as the murmuring flow Of mountain streamlet trickling down

From heights of virgin snow.

"Father,"it said, "since One must die,

Thy children to redeem From worlds all formless now and void,

Where pulsing life shall teem;

"And mighty Michael foremost fall,

That mortal man may be;

And chosen Savior yet must send,

Lo, here am I—send me!

I ask, I seek no recompense.

Save that which then were mine;

Mine be the willing sacrifice,

The endless glory Thine!

"Give me to lead to this lorn world,

When wandered from the fold, Twelve legions of the noble ones

That now thy face behold Tried souls, 'mid untried spirits found,

That captained these may be, And crowned the dispensations all

With powers of Deity.

"Who blameless bide the spirit state,

Shall clothe in mortal clay.

The steppingstone to glories all,

If man will God obey;

Believing where he cannot see.

Till he again shall know, And answer give, reward receive,

For all deeds done below.

"The Love that hath redeemed all worlds

All worlds must still redeem But mercy cannot justice rob Or where were Elohim?

Freedom—man's faith, man's work, God's grace

Must span the great gulf o'er;

Life, death, the guerdon or the doom,

Rejoice we or deplore."

380 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Still rang that voice, when sudden rose

Aloft a towering Form, Proudly erect as lowering peak 'Lumed by the gathering storm A presence bright and beautiful.

With eye of flashing fire, A lip whose haughty curl bespoke

A sense of inward ire.

"Send me!"—coiled 'neath his courtly smile

A scarceconcealed disdain "And none shall hence, from Heaven to Earth.

That shall not rise again.

My saving plan exception scorns.

Man's will?—nay, mine alone.

As recompense, I claim the right

To sit on yonder Throne!"

Ceased Lucifer. The breathless hush

Resumed and denser grew.

All eyes were turned; the general gaze

One common Magnet drew.

A moment there was solemn pause

Listened Eternity, While rolled from lips omnipotent

The Father's firm decree:

"Jehovah, thou my Messenger!

Son Ahman, thee I send!

And one shall go thy face before,

While twelve thy steps attend.

And many more on that far shore

The pathway shall prepare, That I, the First, the last may come,

And Earth my glory share.

"After and ere thy going down,

An army shall descend, The host of God, and house of him

Whom I have named my Friend!

Peopling Idumea's hills and plains,

Shall come, life's mass to leaven,

The guileless ones, the sovereign Sons,

Throned on the Heights of Heaven.

"Go forth, thou Chosen of the Gods.

Whose strength shall in thee dwell!

Go down betime and rescue Earth,

Dethroning Death and Hell.

On thee alone man's fate depends,

The fate of beings all.

Thou shalt not fail, though thou art free -

Free, but too great to fall.

"By Arm divine, both mine and thine.

The lost shalt thou restore, And man, redeemed, with God shall be,

As God forevermore.

THE FALL AND THE REDEMPTION 381

Return, and to the parent fold

This wandering planet bring, And Earth shall hail thee Conqueror,

And Heaven proclaim thee King."

'Twas done. From congregation vast,

Tumultuous murmurs rose;

Waves of conflicting sound, as when

Two meeting seas oppose.

'Twas finished. But the heavens wept;

And still their annals tell How One was choice of Elohim, O'er One who fighting—Elias,fell. Canto 3, Part I.

Thus was assigned the role of Earth's Redeemer; and while

revelation is silent upon the subject, we have good reason to believe that the parts played by Adam and Eve in the great drama of Eternal Progression, were cast at the same time. Onethird

of the intelligences then populating the Spirit World, rebelling with Lucifer, were doomed with him to perdition. But, pending their final fate, these unembodied fallen spirits are permitted to wander up and down the world, tempting and trying

its human inhabitants, their evil activities being overruled in a way to subserve God's purpose in man's probation.

The Everlasting Gospel The Gospel, Christ's perfect plan, unlike the defective scheme proposed by Lucifer, gave the right of choice between good and evil. It proposed to save men, not in their sins, but

spiritual darkness, thefrom their sins—to liberate them from

bondage of sin and death, and lift them into the joy and freedom of light and life eternal. Hence, that splendid phrase,

that majestic synonym, used by the Apostle James in describing the Gospel—"The Perfect Law of Liberty."

Laws and Ordinances At mention of the word "Gospel,"the average student is apt to think only of faith, repentance, baptism and the gift (giving) of the Holy Ghost, with other rituals and requirements in the Church of Christ. But these "laws and ordinances of

the Gospel"are not to be separated from the basic principles stones of Sacriupon which they rest—the mighty foundation

fice and Redemption, without which all this sacred legislation would be of no effect. For of what use is machinery, however

perfect, if the power be not turned on? Nor can the basic principles and powers that vitalize and make operative these laws

and ordinances, be dissociated from the idea of Eternal Progression, the great and paramount purpose for which the Gospel code was framed, the Gospel in its fulness instituted.

382 IMPROVEMENT ERA

The Paramount Purpose Say 8 Joseph the Seer:

The first principles of man are selfexistent with God. * * * Finding he was in the midst of spirits and glory, because he was more intelligent (He) saw proper to institute laws whereby the rest could have a

privilege to advance like himself. The relationship we have with God

places us in a situation to advance in knowledge. He has power to institute

laws, to instruct the weaker intelligences, that they may be exalted with himself, so that they may have one glory upon another. (Times and Seasons,

Aug., 1844.

The "laws"here referred to are the principles of the Everlasting Gospel. These principles are selfexistent. God did not

create them; He "instituted"them. The Supreme Intelligence,

recognizing these principles as ennobling and exalting, incorporated them in the Gospel Plan framed for man's uplift and promotion. The Gospel as a code or system of laws can readily

be conceived as a divine creation. Not so the eternal principles

which it embodies. For instance, faith could not be created

not as a principle; nor could repentanee. These principles have

always existed; and there never was a time when they were not

essential to salvation and eternal progress. Such ordinances as

baptism by immersion for the remission of sins, and the laying on of hands for the giving of the Holy Ghost, these indeed might be created, and doubtless were; but not the fundamental

facts upon which they are based. It did not require a divine

edict to make washing (baptism) a prerequisite to cleanliness, nor light (the Holy Spirit) the means of illumination. The

Gospel code, like all other creations, was made out of materials already in existence.

In the institution of the gospel laws and ordinances is shown the benevolence as well as the power of Deity. Our Father in

heaven is no monopolist. Omnipotent and allpossessing, he is

likewise altruistic, philanthropic. He employed his superior intelligence to frame laws whereby the lesser spirits surrounding

him might advance toward the lofty plane that he occupies.

He proposed to lift them to his own spiritual stature, and share with them the empire of the universe.

The Only Way The Gospel, originating in the heavens, was revealed from

God out of Eternity, at the very beginning of Time. It was the

means whereby our great ancestor, Adam, after his expulsion from Eden, regained the Divine Presence from which he had been banished; and. it is the means whereby his posterity, such

as are obedient to the Gospel's requirements, may follow him into the Celestial Kingdom. The same ladder that he climbed,-

THE FALL AND THE REDEMPTION 383

until beyond the reach of the fatal consequences of his transgression, the whole human race, inheriting from him the effects of the fall, must also climb, or they will never see the face of God in Eternal Glory.

The Path to Perfection The Gospel of Christ is more than "the power of God unto salvation."It is also the power of God unto exaltation, a plan

devised by Omnipotent Wisdom whereby the sons and daughters of Deity might advance from stage to stage of soul development, until they become like their heavenly parents, the eternal Father and Mother, inheriting endless thrones and dominions and receiving "a fulness of joy."This is exaltation. It is

more than salvation, being an extension of that idea or condijust as salvation is an extensiontion—salvation "added upon;"

of, or addition to, the idea or condition of redemption. A soul

is, raised from the dead—and yet bemay be redeemed—that

condemned at the Final Judgment for evil deeds done in the body. Likewise may a soul be saved, and yet come short of the

glory that constitutes exaltation. To redeem, save, and glorify,

is the threefold mission of the gospel of Jesus Christ.

But before this mighty mission could become effective to such ends, there had to be a fall. Man must descend below,

before he can rise above. God's children, such as keep their

first estate, advance as far as they can in the spirit, before they are given earthly bodies. Having received their bodies, they

are in a position, by means of the gospel and the powers of the priesthood, to make further progress towards perfection.

The Gospel of Christ, to all good Christians, is as a lifeboat, or a fireescape, or a way out of a perilous situation. To

the Latterday Saints, it is all this and more. A divine plan for

human progress, the foreordained Pathway to Perfection—such

is the Everlasting Gospel, as revealed to and proclaimed by

God's Prophet, presiding over this last and greatest of the Gospel dispensations. The Gospel embraces the fall as well as the

redemption of man. But in order to comprehend this truth,

one must first understand the full meaning of the term.

The God Story The English word "gospel"comes from the AngloSaxon

It derives its sig-"godspell,"or God Story—the Story of God.

nificance from that great central fact of the Christian faith, the coming of God as the Son of God to redeem and save mankind.

"God himself shall come down among the children of men, and shall redeem his people, and because he dwelleth in flesh, he shall be called the Son of God."(Mosiah 15:1, 2.) This pre384 IMPROVEMENT ERA

diction by Abinadi, a Book of Mormon prophet, was preceded by a like prophecy from King Benjamin, another Nephite seer, (lb. 3:5.) The fulfilment of these and similar foretelling* is

recorded in the opening verses of the gospel according to St.

John, where reference is made to "The Word"that was in the that "was God,"and wasbeginning "with God"—the Word

"made flesh"and dwelt among men. In him, as Paul affirms,

"dwelleth all the fulness of the Godhead bodily."

The Gospel, in its fullest scope of meaning, signifies everything connected with the wondrous career of that divine Being, who was known among men as Jesus of Nazareth, but who was and is no other than Jehovah, the God of Israel, who "came unto his own"and was rejected by them, was crucified at their instigation, and died to redeem the world. The accounts given

by Matthew, Mark, Luke and John are termed "gospels,"and properly so, being narratives of the personal ministry of our

Lord. But they are only parts of the complete GodStory. The

Savior's life, death, resurrection and ascension, with the conditions prescribed by him upon which fallen man might profit are all gospelfurther from his sacrifice for Adam's race—these

features, but not the Gospel in its entirety.

The full Story of the God who died that man might live, involves events both past and future, events premortal and postmortal, scenes in which he was chosen to play his mighty part in the great drama of Human Redemption, and scenes yet to come in which he will make another and a more glorious appearing upon the stage of Time, enacting the illustrious role of

King of kings and reigning over the earth a thousand years.

Placed in Eden Earth having been prepared as an abode for man, Adam and Eve were placed in the Garden of there to Eden—placedbecome mortal, that God's great purpose might be accomplished.

Bear in mind, however, that the fall, though planned, was not compelled. It was foreseen, designed, preordained, and the

redemption provided beforehand, as shown.

Innocent and Ignorant The great Creator on the morning of creation pronounced "good"all that he had made. So ancient scripture tells us. In

perfect keeping with this, modern revelation declares that "the spirits of all men were innocent in the beginning."Consequently, had they remained where they were before Adam fell,

they would have had no need to exercise a saving faith, would have had no need to repent and be baptized, having no evil practices to turn from, and no uncleanness to be washed away.

THE FALL AND THE REDEMPTION 385

But they would have remained ignorant as well as innocent ignorant of things necessary to their further progress. Without the fall they could have advanced no further, but would

have remained as they were, "having no joy, for they knew no misery; doing no good, for they knew no sin.""Adam fell that

men might be; and men are that they might have joy."

The Woman Beguiled.

When our First Parents partook of the forbidden fruit, it was the woman who was beguiled by the Serpent (Satan) and induced to go contrary to the divine command. The man was

not deceived. What Adam did was done knowingly and after

full deliberation. When Eve had tasted of the fruit, Adam did

likewise in order to carry out another command, the first that reGod had given to this pair—the command to "multiply and

plenish the Earth."Eve, by her act, had separated herself from

her husband, and was now mortal, while he remained in an immortal state. It was impossible, therefore, unless he also became mortal, for them to obey the original behest. This was

Adam's motive, and this his predicament. He was facing a

dilemma, and must make choice between two divine commands.

He disobeyed in order to obey, retrieving, so far as he could, the situation resulting from his wife's disobedience. Fully aware

of what would follow, he partook of the fruit of the inhibited tree, realizing that in no other way could he become the progenitor of the human race.

Partly a Parallel Some will see a parallel in Adam's case and Abraham's, each being directed to do a thing that could not be done unless a previous requirement were disregarded. Thus, Adam was

warned not to eat of the fruit of a certain tree—the Tree of

Knowledge of Good and Evil; and yet, apparently, that was

the only way for him to reach a condition where he would be able to "replenish the earth."Abraham was forbidden to slay

his son, after being commanded to "offer"him.

But there was this important difference in the two cases.

The second command to Abraham superseded the first—cancelled it. Not so with Adam. In his case the later law left unrepealed the earlier enactment. Both commandments were in

force; but Adam could not obey both. What was to be done?

wisest thing possible under theWhy, just what was done—the

circumstances.

Malum Prohibitum Adam's transgression, though a sin, because of the broken 386 IMPROVEMENT ERA

law, should not be stressed as an act of moral turpitude. In

is based upon divine law—there are twohuman law—which

kinds of offenses in general, described in Latin terms as malum per se and malum prohibitum. Malum per se means "an evil in

itself,"an act essentially wrong; while malum prohibitum signifies "that which is wrong because forbidden by law."Adam's

transgression was malum prohibitum; and the consequent descent from an immortal to a mortal condition, was the Fall.

A Cause for Rejoicing Adam and Eve, with their eyes open, rejoiced over what had befallen them, evidently regarding it as part of a beneficent plan to people Earth and afford to a world of waiting loyal twothirds who kept their first estate whenspirits—the

for opportunity to enter uponLucifer fell—the long looked

their second estate and continue the great pilgrimage to Perfection.

And in that day Adam blessed God and was filled, and began to prophesy concerning all the families of the earth, saying: Blessed be the

name of God, for because of my transgression my eyes are opened, and in this life I shall have joy, and again in the flesh I shall see God.

And Eve, his wife, heard all these things and was glad, saying: Were

it not for our transgression we never should have had seed, and never should have known good and evil, and the joy of our redemption, and the eternal life which God giveth unto all the obedient.

And Adam and Eve blessed the name of God, and they made all things known unto their sons and their daughters. (Moses 5:1012.)

Thus Joseph the Seer, translating Moses the Seer, and restoring this precious truth, which had been lost to the world for many generations.

No License for Sin

Let it not be supposed, however, that disobedience to divine requirements is approved of God or justifiable in man. On

the contrary, man's obedience is a condition precedent to the bestowal upon him of any blessing. One of the main objects

of his coming on earth is to demonstrate his willingness to do all that the Lord requires of him. What was done by Adam

and Eve in an exceptional instance and for a special purpose, constitutes no license for men to commit sin. Adam and Eve

were punished for their disobedience, and had to be, for the vindication of Eternal Justice. But their transgression was overruled for good. It is just the same with any of their posterity

who transgress. "The wages of sin"ever has been and ever will

be "death."The Fall was necessary to bring man into the

world; but it had to be atoned for; it could not be justified.

God is merciful to penitent sinners, but "cannot look upon sin

THE FALL AND THE REDEMPTION 387

with the least degree of allowance."He can nullify it, however, and bring good out of evil. The Redemption was also

necessary; the Atonement preordained; but that did not make

the murder. of the innocent Savior any the less heinous. The

perpetrators of that deed were guilty of a crime—the crime of crimes—and their punishment was inevitable. "Sacrifice brings

forth the blessings of heaven;"but "Earth must atone for the

blood of that Man."Otherwise, God would not be just, and

would, therefore, cease to be God.

Fruits of the Fall The Fall had a twofold direction—downward, yet forward.

It brought man into the world and set his feet upon progression's highway. But it also brought death, with all its sad

concomitants. Not such a death as the righteous now contemplate, and such as both righteous and unrighteous must undergo, as a change preparatory to resurrection; but eternal death—

the death of the spirit and the body. There was no resurrection

when Adam fell—not upon this planet. He was spiritually dead

—banished from God's glorious presence—and was doomed to

the temporal death as well, the dissolution of the body. And

he had entailed the same fate upon his posterity.

It was as if the human race had fallen into a pit, from which they were powerless, by any act of their own, to emerge.

They could not climb out, for they knew not how to climb;

and even had they known, there was no means by which to ascend. Human endeavor, unassisted, could accomplish nothing

in the way of deliverance. Man in his mortal condition needed

revelation, spiritual enlightenment, having forgotten all that he had previously known. In other words, he needed a ladder,

that he might climb out of the pit; and that ladder was furnished in the Gospel of Jesus Christ. Without it there is no

salvation, no exaltation. The Tower of Babel symbolizes the

situation: All man's efforts to reach Heaven, without divine

assistance, must end in confusion and failure.

The World in Pawn Hell had seemingly triumphed over man's, or rather, over woman's weakness. It was as if the world had been put in

pawn. Death was the pawnbroker, with a twofold claim upon

all creation. Everything pertaining to this earth was in his

grasp, and there was no help for it this side of heaven. No

part of what had been pledged could be used as the means of redemption. Adam could not redeem himself, great and

mighty though he was, in the spirit; for he was no other than

Michael the Archangel, leader of the heavenly host that had 388 IMPROVEMENT ERA

overthrown Lucifer and his legions. But that same puissant

Michael was now a weak mortal man, under the penalty of a hroken law, powerless to repair the ruin he had wrought. He

and the race that was to spring from him were eternally lost, unless Omnipotence would intervene, and do for them what they could not do for themselves.

Where was Redemption?

Redemption must come, if at all, through some being great enough and powerful enough to make an infinite atonement;

one completely covering the farreaching effects of the original transgression. The scales of Eternal Justice, unbalanced by

Adam's act, had to be repoised, and the equilibrium of right restored. Who could do this? Who was able to mend the

broken law, bring good out of evil, mould failure into success, and "snatch victory from the jaws of defeat?"Where was the

Moses for such an Exodus? Where the deliverance from this

worse than Egyptian bondage—a bondage of which Egypt's

slavery was but typical?

The Price Paid The life of a God was the price of the world's freedom;

and that price was paid by the God of Israel (Jesus on Earth,

Jehovah in heaven) who, descending from his celestial throne, became mortal, and by submitting to death, broke the bands of death, and made it possible for man to go on to his eternal destiny. This spotless Lamb, the great Antitype of the Passover, gave himself as an offering for sin, and by the shedding

of his own blood, paid the debt of the universe, took the world out of pawn, and became the Author of Salvation for all mankind.

Such was the mission of him concerning whom Nephi of old prohpesied:

And he c.ometh into the world that he may save all men if they will

hearken unto his voice; for behold, he suffereth the pains of all men, yea,

the pains of every living creature, both men, women, and children, who belong to the family of Adam.

And he suffereth this that the resurrection might pass upon all men, that all might stand before him at the great and judgment day. (II Nephi

9:21, 22.)

"/t Is Finished'The Savior's dying words, as reported by the Beloved Disciple, have been the subject of much controversy. "It is finished."

What did those words signify? The notion has been entertained by some that Christ's crucifixion completed his work, so

far as personal ministrations went, and that after the opening

THE FALL AND THE REDEMPTION 389

of the socalled Christian Dispensation, there was no further need of communication between God and man. "0 most lame

and impotent conclusion!"Whatever construction be placed

upon that final utterance of our Lord's, it is perfectly clear, from what followed, that it never was intended to convey such a meaning.

Birth and Death Incidental The Death on Calvary was no more the ending, than the

Birth at Bethlehem was the beginning, of that Divine Career.

Both were mere incidents. The Savior's work is universal.

All the gospel dispensations, from Adam down to Joseph Smith, are but parts of the allembracing mission of Jesus Christ. Not

until "the beginning of the seventh thousand years,"the Morning of the Resurrection, "will the Lord God sanctify the earth and complete the salvation of man."Moreover, sanctification

will be succeeded by glorification, another phase of the work of Him who bringeth to pass "the immortality and eternal life of man."The Sacrifice Complete What then was "finished"by the Death on the Cross?

Simply the sorrow and pain that the Son of God had willed to undergo, that he might ransom a lost creation, making it possible for redeemed man, by faith and good works, to lay hold upon eternal life. The Savior's selfimposed humiliation, his

voluntary sacrifice, his mysterious, allcomprehensive suffering, the piledup agony of the human race, endured by him vicariously, to the end that his atonement might be infinite, reaching to every son and daughter of Adam—this was finished, this

was at an end; not the work of God, nor the continuous revelation of his word and will to man.

Transgression and Atonement Christ's Atonement, offsetting Adam's transgression, brought redemption from the fall, nullifying its evil results, conserving its good results and making them effectual for man's eternal welfare. The Fall is as much an integral part of the Gospel as is the

Redemption. Both are essential, and both were foreordained.

The one prepared the way before the other. Had there been

no fall, there could have been no redemption, for the simple reason that there would have been nothing to redeem.

"We Know in Part"Why the Fall and the Redemption had to be, we know in part, for God has revealed it. But we do not know all. That

390 IMPROVEMENT ERA

a divine law was broken, in order that "men might be;"and

that a reparation had to be made, in order that men "might is known. But the great Why andhave joy"—this much

Wherefore of it all is a deep that remains unfathomed. Why

Adam and Eve were placed in a position so contradictory, being commanded not to do the very thing that had to be done why the divine purpose had to be carried out in just that way, is one of those infinite problems that must remain to finite minds a mystery until the Allwise shall will to make it plain.

Man cannot sit in judgment upon his Maker, nor measure by human standards divine dispensations. "All things have been

done in the wisdom of him who knoweth all things."

God's Greatest Gift The Fall, though essential to human progress, dug man's grave and opened the portal to Hades. Redemption unsealed

the toml) and swung wide the gates of Endless Glory. Adam

gave us mortal life. Eternal Life, God's greatest boon, is the

gift of the Redeemer and Savior.

The Cigarette Smoker

The cigarette smoker is not a degenerate because he smokes cigarettes.

Quite often he is a cigarette smoker because he is a degenerate.

Beginning as a habit, the matter ere long becomes vice. The first indication of degeneration is in your cigarette smoker's secretiveness. He

feels his weakness and so seeks to present a bold front. "Bluff"is his

chief characteristic. He tries to make an impression—he talks big, is full

of promise, plans and confidential utterances. He confuses dates, times,

places, incidents, and often will tell you he has done a thing when he only intends to do it.

He dreams over his work.

The marked peculiarity of the cigarette fiend is that invariably he makes a great discovery; it is that cleverness, astuteness, trickery, untruth, are

good substitutes for simplicity, frankness and plain common honesty.

His vertebra is rubber; all of his decisions go up into smoke, and

if you ever had any hopes for him, they are ashes.

The cigarettist has an abnormal has much faith in himself. * egotism—he* *

There is no doubt but that the cigarettist is often a man of many good impulses, and over and over in his heart there sweep resolves to cease all subterfuge and be true, but these maudlin resolves are not to be trusted any more than you hearken to the promise of the "dope fiend."

—Elbert Hubbard in the Philistine for October, 1905,

The Yellow Peril

By Orville S. Johnson

The southern part of Utah abounds in many kinds of wild animal life, among which is the most fierce of all American animal species. The puma, or socalled cougar, is at one and

the same time, the greatest coward, and the coldest murderer of America.

Quite by chance one summer, I discovered a den of pumas.

There were two kittens and their parents. Their home was a

large cave which ran about fifteen feet into a limestone ledge.

When I came upon the place, the youngsters were taking a sunbath in front of the cave. I had barely enough time to take a

mental picture of them. One was almost twice as big as the

other, and slightly darker in color; being tawny yellow, with

what appeared to be brown strips of ribbon along his back and down his front legs.

About a week later I learned from one of my hunter friends that he had poisoned a big male cougar, by using as a bait a colt that had been very recently killed by the cougars.

He said there were two in the killing job, and the one that had escaped eating the bait was probably a female, because not far from where the killing had taken place were two kittens'trails, merging with that of the smaller of the two matured ones.

I visited the den again and found it deserted. I became convinced that the father was dead. Especially, when I myself

saw the trails of two kittens, and what one would naturally think was their mother's trail, going side by side through the canyon in which was the cavehome.

When next I was reminded of the family of cougars, I was at a sheep camp. Hanging upon a tree was the skin of a fullgrown, but small cougar. The herder informed me that it was

a female, and that she had had two kittens following her when he shot her; but both had escaped. He described one of the

kittens as being much larger than the other. It was probably

accident, but I decided that that particular family was getting more than its share of hard luck.

I was, further, convinced of this when I heard, upon reaching home, that a pair of fox hounds and their master, Duffin, had captured a young cougar, with which had been another larger one, that had somehow escaped. I began to wonder, if what one

392 IMPROVEMENT ERA

of the leading naturalists of the world had said, was not more than half true. At the time he made the statement I was quite

sure he was partly wrong, for it seemed to me impossible that "AJ1 animal life ended tragically."But here was an example,

and I began to wonder how the remaining member of the cougar family would die.

It had certainly had a great deal of experience with man.

Perhaps it would develop enough cunning to escape him. I

knew that the survival of a wolf depended almost entirely upon how well it learned to cope with man. The animals must have

ceased long ago to count their other enemies as very harmful.

Man has developed so many instruments of destruction that they have to learn how to escape each new one, before they can hope to survive. If all animal life ends tragically, man is the

cause of ninetynine per cent of those endings.

For two years I heard reports of an unusually large cougar in the vicinity of the big cavehome. Somehow or other I

felt that it must be the one I had seen, with brown strips down the center of its back and down the sides of its front legs. Of

course, all male pumas have those markings to some degree, but this particular one was exceptionally well marked, according to one report that came. The one who gave the report was a sheepherder of some renown, who took turns with the one who had

shot the mother cougar some time before. He had seen the big

cougar upon a moonlight night, as the wouldbe murderer had entered the closely packed, frightened herd, slugging right and left with huge paws that nearly always meant death to any luckless sheep that chanced to get hit. The cougar does not

stand upon its hind feet to hit its heavy blows, but delivers them with its right front paw as he walks, almost leisurely, through a herd of frightened sheep.

The herder who saw the cougar killing sheep by moonlight was called Mack. And he was the proud owner of a pair of

stag hounds. They were something like the fox hounds, but

always impressed me as being more fierce. He boasted that

he would get the big cougar, even if he had only wounded it upon the night it had killed twenty sheep. Then, as if to give

the boaster more reason to follow up his boast, one of the sheepmen brought news that was really startling.

Upon a dark, rainy night, when the herder had been enjoying the shelter of his tent, two hundred sheep had been killed by a single cougar. The herder was firm in his statement

that it had been done so noiselessly that it did not awaken him.

The tracks had been identified as the same size and shape as the ones that had been left by the cougar Mack had wounded.

Thenext day, a company of men were gathered around a

THE YELLOW PERIL 393

large, handmade poster, announcing five hundred dollars'reward for the scalp of the "yellow peril."Then followed a brief

description of the cougar that I had become so interested in.

Before noon, other sheepmen came, and added sums to the reward that brought the total to a thousand dollars for the capture of one cougar.

Mack hesitated about going out with his hounds, because he knew that a cougar will fight two hounds, unless the man is there to kill him, as soon as he is brought to bay. Mack acknowledged that the chances were about even that he would

loose. Then came Duffin.

Duffin was the owner of the fox hounds, and the owner of the young cougar's pelt before mentioned in this story. He was

also the herder who had killed the mother cougar. He chalelnged Mack to a trial for the big prize. "If you fail, I will

try; if you succeed, I will sell you my dogs."Mack accepted.

The following evening Mack returned without liis dogs.

His face was a trifle sad, but not so much on account of the loss of the dogs, for there were plenty more as good, so he said, but because of his failure to get the yellow peril. And there were

some who said that he was sad because Duffin could keep his hounds. Mack had always wanted those two hounds. But Duffin thought more of them than he did of anything else in the

world; so people said. Duffin was a bachelor of forty and had

been a herder and hunter all his life; so people were not so far

wrong as one might at first think. He did love his dogs more

than most things, and often sacrificed little pleasures for himself, for the sake of the dogs. He tried to get two more dogs

to go with his, when Mack came back with his story of what had happened to his hounds, but there Were no dogs to be had, and Duffin felt that he was obliged to act up to his proposal, so he went after the yellow peril.

Three days passed, and almost a fourth before Duffin returned. His dogs were not with him. His face was firmly set

with one grim resolve. He bought some necessities for the chase

and departed to revenge the death of his two pals.

It was a month later when I learned the rest of the history of the yellow peril, but it was about as follows: Duffin started

with a cow pony which he rode, and another horse which he led.

Upon its back was a pack of necessities. At first it had been

easy to follow the big cougar's trail, but about the second day, the puma seemed to sense his danger and took to the ledges and rocks. It was about the third day when Duffin was forced

to abandon his horses and take up the trail on foot. Upon his

back he carried those things he felt were absolute necessities, and turned the horses loose to go where they pleased.

For a week he had followed the trail slowly because of the 394 IMPROVEMENT ERA

difficulty of seeing it upon the hard ground over which it led.

Then it began to get fresher and plainer, and he was able to follow faster. But he was out of food. Game was not very

scarce, however, so he kept himself in fairly good condition bodily. But whenever he had to shoot something to eat, he knew

that it put his chances for the capture of the cougar farther off.

Once or twice during the chase, he came upon freshly killed game that the cougar had feasted upon. These he used for his

own meals, when there was ample evidence that the kill had been made but the night before, or later. These little meals

were not as palatable as he would have liked, but preferable t shooting, and alarming the cougar.

It was about the end of the second week when he came across the freshlymade trail of a herd of sheep going back toward his home. He hesitated for some time before he took

up the pougar's trail again. And it is probable that he would

not have done so then, had not the beast howled so mournfully that Duffin felt sure that it must be about ready to give up. It

was the first time he had had a positive sign of the whereabouts of the cougar. And he naturally felt a thrill at the nearness of

his quarry. The cry had been low and mournful, like the wailing of a west wind on a stormy night. It made him afraid—justa little, but not enough to keep him back from the battle he

expected when the last final struggle came. He had had to

economize upon food for a few meals, on account of ammunition running low. He might have to fight the battle without a

gun, if the chase lasted more than a week longer.

Then it started to rain. A slow, dripping rain, that soaks

one through and through, and seems to have no ending. The

trail led toward a grove of yellow pines; the first big trees that

had been encountered in the chase.

Duffin didn't like trees because of the cougar's habit of climbing them. He had never seen the yellow peril in a tree,

or anywhere else as far as that goes, but he had seen plenty of signs of him, both as having been in trees and upon the ground.

So, going through the grove of yellow pines, with the silent fog rolling around, was a little "ticklish."Any moment the

yellow peril might bound from a tree and crush the man to the ground. But the day slowly melted into dusky silence, and

nothing unusual happened.

He slept that night in a tree. Or, rather, he spent the night

there, for it would hardly be correct to say he slept. As morning began to show signs of approach, Duffin began to feel very

cold. He was wet, and the rain had turned to just damp fog.

He started to descend the tree in order to take some exercise.

Just as he reached the ground, a low growl reached his ears. It

was very low and fierce, and close. He gripped his gun in his

THE YELLOW PERIL 395

hands and looked all around for the eyes that he knew were somewhere visible. It was so gray, however, that the growl came

again before he located its source. Twenty steps away, two

red balls were glowing. Dimly he could make out the outline of

a big puma, crouched, waiting for him to try to escape. A puma

rarely springs from a point where it first crouches, as a cat does, but reaches its victim with a number of quick leaps. As

it leaps it screeches, and generally its victim becomes so paralyzed with fear that it dies a quick death. Duffin knew this,

and quickly took the only chance of escape he had. He stepped

behind a tree and fired at the eyes. A dim outline of a bounding figure racing away from him caused his breath once more

to begin its regular course into his lungs and out.

When the day finally did come, it was still foggy, though the rain had almost ceased. Duffin was damp but cheerful. There

were blotches of red upon the trail of the yellow peril.

He followed the trail eagerly until the low, mournful cry stopped him again. It was not far away. And a few minutes

later he caught sight of his quarry in a tree. Not enough time

to shoot was given him, however; so he just ran to the tree and

looked at the red stain that had recently been made. Suddenly

he felt sorry for the big puma. It has had such a short life of

peril, that what it had done seemed to be justified.

Robbed of mother, father, and mate, it felt that it had a right to all the revenge it could get. But it was too late to go

back now. The cougar was wounded and close. And Duffin's

two pals were dead, and their killer was not far away.

He wondered if the poor animal ever had dreams. If it

did, they must be dreadful, sometimes. Everybody that had ever

had a chance had given the cougar a hit. He had been shot,

chased by hounds, and his food poisoned. Yet he had survived

until now. Duffin was walking slowly toward the place where

the low, mournful sounds were rising. It sounded so much like

an Indian's death chant that he wondered if the puma did not sense the coming events. For the end of one of them was certainly near. Duffin was almost afraid it would be his. He

slowly counted his remaining shells. There were ten—plenty

for a close fight, but not for a long one, and he was sure that, once convinced that it had reached a crisis, the cougar would turn and he would have to begin shooting then, even if the "peril"was three hundred yards away. And he would have to

keep shooting as fast as he could, until he hit that big, yellow body; or that big body would become a thing of fury, and would

test its power upon his body.

He could see those powerful paws again, as they slapped a sheep that stood in the way. And then he became aware that

he had reached a point overlooking a sort of peninsula. He

396 IMPROVEMENT EB \

was upon a low ridge, and directly beneath him was a deep canyon. The walls of the canyon were two hundred feet of ragged

limestone. And the yellow peril was not two hundred yards

away, moving slowly out upon that little point, to his left. Once

out upon that point, and there would be no escape for the weaker. A drop into the canyon would mean a mangled corpse

for either. If the cougar lost to the man, it would be as bad,

and if the man lost the fight, it would mean a fierce feast for the beast.

Duffin weighed the consequences as he walked swiftly, for the narrow neck of land that marked the beginning of the point.

The cougar had failed, so far, to sense its danger. It was walking slowly out to its fame or fate.

Just as Duffin came to the neck of land, the cougar reached the point of the peninsula and turned. It saw him and sensed

its fate. It did not start toward him, however, as he had expected, but crouched calmly beside a limestone boulder and

waited.

It was a hundred yards to the "peril"when Duffin began his fire. He was so nervous that most of his shots went wild.

But as he approached his last shot, he became more calm, and one of the bullets hit its mark. There was a wild screech, and

a yellow body bounded into the air; then came the sound of a

rolling stone hitting the jagged edges of the canyon wall, as it pounded its way to the bottom. Suddenly there was a dead thud

of a soft body hitting the bottom of the canyon, and all was still.

The yellow peril had found its tragic end, and it had been the most tragic of all, as the life of it had been the most fierce of all the little puma family that I had seen that day in the mouth of the cave. Duffin did not bring the scalp home, but people

know his story is true now, for the yellow peril has not been heard of since that grim chase began.

Utah Land

Tune, "Dixie."

I wish I was in the land of mountains

Pleasant vales, and purling fountains,

Look away! Look away! Look away! Utah Land.

For home my heart is ever yearning,

And my thoughts are ever turning,

Look away! Look away! Look away! Utah Land.

Chorus Then I wish I was in Utah! Hurrah! Hurrah

In Utah Land, I'll take my stand,

To live and die in Utah, Away! Away! Away out West in Utah!

Away! Away! Away out West in Utah!

Now pleasant visions arise before me,

Mountain peaks in sunlit glory,

Look away! Look away! Look away! Utah Land.

And lakes that flash the summer's splendor

One forever will remember, Look away! Look away! Look away! Utah Land.

Out West there's something ever alluring,

Grips one's heart, its love assuring,

Look away! Look away! Look away! Utah Land.

So when a journey I am taking,

Back for home I'll soon be making,

Look away! Look away! Look away! Utah Land.

Joseph Longking Townsend Payson, Utah.

An Effective Diary

By William Henry Peterson

"A majority of hands are up,"said exBishop A. "That

means that you will all be here tomorrow morning at'eight o'clock, ready to go to work."

"Is it necessary that we work tomorrow?"asked Clifford

Benion. "Times are hard,"responded the exBishop. Prices on farm

products are going down, wages and taxes are high, and I find that three hundred and sixtyfive days in a year are hardly enough in which to earn a living."

It was Saturday night. The men and boys to whom the

exBishop was talking were tired and hungry. They had been

working hard all day on his farm, after which they had ridden to town on one of the farm wagons. The sun was down; night

was fast approaching, and a cold wind was blowing dead leaves through the streets as the workmen left the exBishop's home.

Slowly and laboriously they plodded their way homeward.

"You are going my way, Brother Hansen. I will walk with

you and help you carry your sack of grain,"said one of the workmen.

For a time they walked in silence. "Three hundred and

sixtyfive days,"muttered the old man.

"I was thinking of the same thing,"said the young workman. "I don't understand how the boss could say that three

hundred and sixtyfive days of each year are hardly enough in which to earn a living. Everybody knows that I need money

a thousand times worse than he does, but just the same, I would rather not work on Sunday.

"Why did you not vote that way?"asked the old man.

"If an exBishop can work on Sunday, so can I,"was the reply. "Besides, he told some of us that the work he had to do

was so important that unless we were willing to work on Sundays we could consider ourselves 'fired,'and he would get other help.""He may fire me if he likes,"said the old man, taking his sack of grain from the young man's shoulder, "but for me, I am going to do my duty. Here you see my humble home. I haven't

very much of this world's goods, but I have a conscience void of offense to God and man. Tomorrow is the Sabbath day, halAN EFFECTIVE DIARY 399

lowed and set apart as a day of rest by our Creator. I, for one,

shall observe it."

"You are right, Brother Hansen, and if I hadn't promised to come back to work, I would do just as you are going to do."

There was another workman who did not approve of working on the Sabbath. It was Clifford Benion, a boy of high

ideals and noble aspirations. He had been taught the gospel

of Jesus Christ from his infancy, and he had learned to honor it as God's greatest gift to man. Now he was being asked to break

one of the greatest commandments. He remembered that the

last Sunday's memory gem was:

"And on the seventh day God ended his work which he had made; and

he rested on the seventh day from all his work which he had made.

"And God blessed the seventh day, and sanctified it: because that in it

he had rested from all his work which God created and made."

Clifford waited till the workmen had gone, then he addressed his boss:

"Mr. A.,"he said, "I would like to be excused from work

tomorrow.""What's the matter, my boy, are you sick; or have you

some work of your own you would like to do?"

"Neither,"was the reply. "Tomorrow is the Sabbath, and

I—""Never mind any explanations,"interrupted the exBishop, raising his hand. "The work must be done, and you're no better

than the rest of us."

For a moment the boy did not know what to say. After a

moment's thought he replied: "I am no better than you or the

other men, but I think we are all too good to desecrate the

Sabbath."It was now the exBishop's turn to hesitate about a reply.

He had at one time been one of the best bishops in the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. The members of his ward

loved and respected him for his diligence and uprightness. As

time passed, he became wealthy, and his great ability, which had wrought wonders in the service of the Lord, was gradually but completely directed toward making money. Finally he resigned

his position as bishop. The light of faith, which had burned so

brightly in his soul, dwindled down until no perceptible radiance came from his being. So engrossed had he become in gathering wealth that, like Midas, his great and only desire was to

obtain more gold.

How should he answer the boy? Callous as he was, he knew

the boy was right. He had dulled his conscience, but he had

not been successful in entirely crushing it. Righteous and noble

sentiments, which, during the past number of years, had been 400 IMPROVEMENT ERA

crowded into the background of his soul, tried to express themselves in speech and action. His baser desires crowded them

back, and after a short, tense, mental struggle he said: "I have

made arrangements with the men to work tomorrow. I cannot

change that now. You must do as Tiey do, or I must get other

help.""Will you give me time to talk it over with father?"asked

the boy. 1. "I will give you until 8:30 "It is now 7 o'clock,"said A

to decide. On or before that time you must let me know what

you are going to do."

The boy found supper waiting. His parents, because they

did not want to partake of the evening meal until they received information as to what was detaining their son, were sitting by the diningroom stove, patiently waiting. Nothing was said

about the lateness of the hour until after the blessing on the food had been asked.

"We had a splendid stake priesthood meeting this afternoon, Clifford,"said the father. "As I sat there enjoying the

peaceful influence of the Spirit of the Lord, there was only one thought that disturbed my mind and caused me any sorrow."

"May I ask what that was, father; or is it something you do

not care to tell me about?"

"I do not think there is anything in your father's life of such a nature that he needs hide it from his son,"said Sister Benion, passing some hot rolls to Clifford.

The boy looked surprised. Then an expression of sympathv

and love came into his face as he said: "I had no such thought

in my mind, mother. I asked the question before I had reallygiven it any thought. If I have offended I—

"Wait,"said the father; "a man of honorable deeds can

have no objection to answering a straightforward question. The

thought that caused me pain was about you."

"Me!"exclaimed the boy. "In what way?"

"I felt guilty to think that I was in the house of the Lord enjoying a spiritual feast, while you were out working to support your mother and me."

"You worked for me a long time, father, while I was too little to work for myself. Now you are crippled. You are not

to blame because you were injured in an automobile accident.

I am only too glad for this opportunity to show my gratitude, now that you can't help yourself."

"It does my heart good to hear you say so, my boy. Although

it is impossible for both of us to attend the monthly priesthood meeting, which is held on Saturday; yet, if you will be diligent

about attending your meetings on the Sabbath, I am sure your spiritual development will not be neglected."

AN EFFECTIVE DIARY 401

"That is just what I want to talk to you about,"said the boy. i "Your spiritual development?"asked the father.

Clifford explained the situation in which he found himself, and asked his father's advice.

Brother Benion was a man who had a strong testimony of the gospel. He believed that his first duty was to serve God.

His advice to his son had always been: Seek first the kingdom

of God, and then all else will be added. To him the Sabbath

day was a holy day, set apart and hallowed of the Lord as a day of rest and worship. Much as he wanted his son to observe

the Sabbath, yet he did not believe in forcing him to do so. He

believed in teaching his son correct principles, and then letting the boy govern his own actions.

"This is a matter you must decide for yourself, Clifford,"he said. "Consult your own conscience, and do as it dictates to

you. We need the money you are earning, and I do not know of

another place where you can get employment for the present.

However, do not let that influence you. We will get along somehow. I'll be able to go to work again in a month or two, and

then I want you to go back to school."

"Do you think I should talk to Mr. A. over the telephone,

or do you think I ought to go to his home?"

"Go down to his home, lay the matter before him, and give him your decision,"answered the father. "I am confident you

will do the right thing."

It was a difficult matter for Clifford to decide what to do. He did not want to work on Sunday; and yet, if he refused

to work, he would lose his job. Due to the unfortunate accident

in which his father was hurt, the Benion family had been left with no source of income except what Clifford was able to make. The boy studied the problem from all angles as he

walked to the exBishop's home. He didn't want his parents

to suffer, nor did he want to break the Sabbath. Before reaching the A. home, however, he arrived at a definite conclusion.

"Well,"said the exBishop, leaning back in his large easy chair, and staring indifferently into the glowing fire, which crackled as the sparks, one after another, or in groups, skipped up the spacious chimney, "I suppose you have decided not to work, or you would have telephoned me."

"Before giving you my answer,"replied the boy, "I would like to talk to you."

"Go ahead,"said the man, but there was very little interest expressed, either in the tone of his voice or the expression of his face.

Clifford had been thinking over a great many things to 402 IMPROVEMENT ERA

>ay to his boss, but when he was given the opportunity, he found it very difficult to express his ideas.

"I hardly know where or how to begin,"he said, "but I do want to say that I want to keep on working for you. I need the

money more at this time than I have needed it at any other time in my past life. I like to work for you because the pay is prompt

and sure. At the same time, my religion teaches me that I

should not work on Sunday. Do you see how I am placed?"

"Exactly,"was the reply. "What have you decided to do?"

"Before I give you my answer, I would like to have you answer a question, and then read this."He drew from his

pocket a notebook which, although in fairly good shape, was old and somewhat worn. "You are recognized as being fairly

wellread in science,"went on the boy. "I was told in M. I. A.

last winter that nature's laws remain constant. Is that true?"

The exBishop threw off his lethargy, as he would an old coaL His features and voice became animated, and, turning in his chair, he said: "There is no question in my mind about a law

of the universe being the same today that it was yesterday. We

must not, however, confuse theory and law. Truth is basic; it

does not change. Theory may or may not be truth. Inasmuch

as theories are found to be untrue they change. Note, for example, the movements of the earth, the moon, and the sun.

These enormous bodies move through the immensity of space with an exactness that appals the human mind. Our conception

of truth changes, but truth itself remains constant. Does that

answer your question?"

"Yes, sir,"answered Clifford.

Looking inquisitively at the boy, the exBishop asked, "Why did you bring that question to me?"

"Six years ago,"replied the young man, "I started to keep a diary. At that time I was in the deacons'quorum. One night,

according to my diary, our teacher was absent, and you taught the class. Would you like to read what I wrote in my diary on

that particular day?"

The exBishop held out his hand. "I am sure it will be a

pleasure,"he said. He took the diary and read in a low tone

of voice, as if talking to himself. He read rapidly at first, but

as he progressed, his reading became slower. It was evident

that he was reading a great deal between the lines, and seeing many pictures besides those expressed in the diary, which was written as follows:

January, 1914.

Climbed out at 6:30. Cold as blazes. Had hot milk for breakfast.

Spilt mine. Father says I am as handy as a cow.

Professor Jenson laughed at me in school today. We were having grammar class, and the lesson was on feminine and masculine gender. I don't

see why they have such cranky names. Mr. Jenson asked William Stringham

AN EFFECTIVE DIARY 403

to give the feminine gender for baron. "Baroness,"said Will. Then my

turn came. "What is the feminine gender for duke?"asked Mr. Jenson. I

hadn't studied my lesson very good. I was stuck. "Come, Clifford,"snorted

Mr. Jenson, "try it."I had no way of judging the future but by the past.

Will added "ess."I did the same. "Duckess,"I cried. Mr. Jenson and the

whole class laughed, and I felt like ten cents.

It is now 10 o'clock, and I have just returned from priesthood meeting.

We had a fine meeting. Bishop A—was our teacher. Our regular teacher,

Brother Wells, is sick. Our lesson was about keeping the Sabbath Day

holy. We learned that it is wrong to work on the Lord's day. Brother

A—is a great man. I hope I am like him when I am grown. He had us

memorize a piece from the Doctrine and Covenants. He said we should try

to remember it, all the days of our lives, and if we would do as it told us, we would always be doing right. Before closing for today I am going to

try to write it from memory. Here goes:

"And that thou mayest more fully keep thyself unspotted from the world, thou shalt go to the house of prayer and offer up thy sacraments upon my holy day; for verily this is a day appointed unto you to rest from

your labors, and to pay thy devotions unto the Most High; nevertheless thy

vows shall be offered up in righteousness on all days, and at all times; but

remember that on the Lord's day, thou shalt offer thine oblations and thy sacraments unto the Most High, confessing thy sins unto thy brethren, and before the Lord."

For several moments after reading the diary, neither man nor boy spoke.

"I begin to understand,"said the man, struggling with his emotions. "I did not appreciate your position. There is only

one thing for you to do."

"You think my first duty is to my parents,"responded the boy. "However that may be, I have decided that I will work

tomorrow, rather than lose my job. The money I earn on the

Sabbath, you may dispose of as you see fit. I do not want it

If that is satisfactory, I will be on hand at 8 o'clock in the morning."Clifford arose to go. A. raised his hand. "Wait,"he said.

toYou do not have to come to work tomorrow, and I am going call up the other men. They may stay at home if they like."

"Hurrah!"shouted the boy. "I—I—"

"Sometime ago,"interrupted the exBishop, "you spoke about leasing a piece of ground. I refused. I have changed my

mind. Come down next Tuesday night and we'll arrange a

contract.""Thank you, Brother A.,"said the boy, extending his hand.

"I am going home with some good news. Good night."

"Good night,"answered the exBishop. "God bless you."

Monti, Utah.

Peace Through the Gospel of Christ

By Elder David O. McKay of the Council of the Twelve

My brethren and sisters, it is indeed a privilege to meet here, in this holy house of worship, to commune not only with one another, but with God our eternal Father, being shut out from all the unrest and turmoil of the world. I think never before, in my life, have I seen such a contrast between the peace

and contentment and assurance of the Latterday Saints and the unrest, the strife, envy and bitterness of the world. In the first

section of the Doctrine and Covenants you will remember that the Lord refers to the tendency of the world to have different gods. They set up unto themselves their gods which are after

the fashion of the world. Has there ever been a time in the history of the world when men worshiped so many different gods

of wealth, the god ofafter the fashion of the world—the god

industrialism, the god of unionism, the god of greed, of selfishness, the god of sensuality? Why it seems to me that every form

of idol is now worshiped in preference to God the Eternal

Father, and men sacrifice everything for their earthly deities.

I testify to you this morning, my brethren and sisters, in all soberness, that God our Heavenly Father lives, that he communicates with his servants, that he has established in this dispensation of the world his great work, the only plan of salvation whereby mankind may be saved, the only means by which peace may be established in the world. Peace can come

only when men will acknowledge God as their creator, as their Father, and when they will obey the principles of the gospel of Jesus Christ, when they will have in their souls individual righteousness, a desire to reverence God, a desire to serve their fellowmen, a desire to bless the other man instead of bringing, at the expense of the other man, some benefit to themselves. The lines are being more sharply drawn, every day of

our lives, as never before; and we can sit complacently and

quietly, look over that world and know for a surety the distinction between the peace of the gospel of Jesus Christ and the conflict and envy of the gospel of strife. We must preach repentance, as the Prophet Joseph through inspiration declares

in so many of his revelations, and preach, too, the restoration of the gospel of Jesus Christ.

*Delivered at a fast meeting, Sept. 28, 1919.

PEACE THROUGH THE GOSPEL OF CHRIST 405

I said to you that I know that the Lord communicates with his servants. I have not doubted this as a fact since I was a boy

and heard the testimony of my father, regarding the revelation that came to him of the divinity of the mission of the Prophet

Joseph. I feel impressed to relate that circumstance and add

his testimony to the one that I am now giving. He accepted a

call to a mission about 1880. When he began preaching, in his

native land, and bore testimony of the restoration of the gospel of Jesus Christ, he noticed that the people turned away from him. They were bitter in their hearts against anything "Mormon,"and the name of Joseph Smith seemed to arouse antagonism in their hearts. One day he concluded that the best way

to get these people would be to preach just the simple principles, the atonement of the Lord Jesus Christ, the first principles of the gospel, and not bear testimony of the restoration of the gospel. It first came simply, as a passing thought, but yet it

influenced his future work. In a month or so he became oppressed with a gloomy, downcast feeling, and he could not enter

into the spirit of his work. He did not really know what was

the matter, but his mind became obstructed, his spirit became clogged, he was oppressed and hampered, and that feeling of depression continued until it weighed him down with such heaviness that he went to the Lord and said: "Unless I can get this

feeling removed, I will have to go home. I can't continue my

work with this feeling."It continued for some time after that,

when, one morning, before daylight, following a sleepless night, he decided to retire to a cave, near the ocean, where he knew he would be shut off from the world entirely, and there pour out his soul to God and ask why he was oppressed with this feeling, what he had done and what he could do to throw it off and continue his work. He started out in the dark towards the cave,

and he became so eager to get to it that he started to run and was hailed by an officer who wanted to know what was the matter, as he was leaving the town. He gave some noncommittal

but satisfying reply and was permitted to go on. Something

just seemed to drive him; he had to get relief. He entered that

place and said: "Oh, Father, what can I do to have this feeling

removed? I must have it lifted or I cannot continue in this

work;"and he heard a voice, as distinct as the tone I am now

uttering, say: "Testify that Joseph Smith is a Prophet of God."

Remembering, then, what he tacitly had decided six weeks or more before, and becoming overwhelmed with the thought, the whole thing came to him in a realization that he was there for a special mission, and that he had not given that special mission the attention which it deserved. Then he cried in his heart,

"Lord, it is enough,"and went out from the cave. You who

know him know the mission he performed. As a boy, I sat and

406 IMPROVEMENT ERA heard that testimony from one whom I treasured and honored as you know 1 treasured no other man in the world, and that assurance was instilled in my youthful soul. The inspiration and testimony of God has come since, and today I testify to you that

God lives, and that he is guiding this Church, that he has inspired those at the head, and that he will continue to inspire them and lead them through this turmoil and unrest in the world, caused by unrighteousness, wickedness and lack of faith in God. The people of the world do not believe in God; they

do not believe in his principles; they have not applied his principles in the world. They confess him with their lips, but their

hearts have not been with God. Brethren and sisters, let us

thank our heavenly Father today for the testimony that the

Lord Jesus Christ has placed in our souls. May we be true to

that testimony, not only in words but in acts, and show the world that we have the principles, obedience to which will establish peace on earth and good will among men. This is my

prayer for all of us, in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

The M. I. A.

Strong's our organization of the M. I. A.;

It stands for our improvement all along the way.

It gives us high ideals, helps us reach our aim

It keeps us up and doing in a worthwhile game.

For we've no time for loafing, or for idle play.

If we are earnest workers in the M. I. A.

It stands for things eternal, things that are divine.

It stands for recreation, pleasures clean and fine.

It brings us all together, parents, girls and boys,

It makes us better people, brings us many joys.

Join our organization; you will surely say,

'Tis great to be a member of the M. I. A.

It crushes things unholy, helps to rout them out;

It helps improve our morals there's no single doubt.

Our slogan is our watchword; working with a vim,

We down the fiend tobacco, we've no use for him.

We'll surely rout the monster, put him out to stay.

Just watch us win with slogan of the M. I. A.!

Jane Mcjackson.

Pinedale, Arizona.

Tact and Kind Words

By Dr. Franklin L. West, Director, School General Science,

Utah Agricultural College

Several years ago, while the writer was doing graduate work at an eastern university, he had considerable correspondence with a famous French scientist for whom he was abstracting certain articles published in three American technical journals. The letters from France will long be remembered because

of the pleasing way they were written. The business part of

the letter was always introduced with beautifully worded greetings, so courteous and friendly, and the communication closed with felicitations and expressions of good will and kind wishes so gracefully and beautifully expressed that you felt as if the letter came from some very dear friend of long standing or a near kinsman rather than from a scientist you had never seen, written on a purely business matter.

This art is little known in this country, and yet it is a great asset in nearly every line of endeavor and in business in particular. Thickskinned men, who have harsh shrill natures, and

who are always doing and saying irritating, jarring things and getting on peoples'nerves, cannot long occupy big positions of responsibility. They can't get along with people.

The essence of courtesy is summed up in the proverb, "Politeness is to do and say the kindest thing in the kindest way."

It also involves the good common sense of doing and saying the right thing at the right time, as well as neglecting to mention the ugly truth if it serves no useful purpose. Men who are

generous in their opinions of others, and who can put themselves in another's place and who are kind at heart, are not apt to offend even if they are not fully practiced in the social graces.

One may be firm and courteous at the same time.

Tact may consist in speaking words of kindness and good cheer, words that make people happy. This can be accomplished

through a little praise, if it is deserved, because the love of praise is one of the strong motives in the human race in seeking advancement. People seek an education befitting a certain

"station in position acknowledged by others as respectlife"—a

able or honorable. The gratification of the thirst for applause

is a strong impulsive influence in the race, touching the very springs of life, and some of the greatest efforts are traceable to 408 IMPROVEMENT ERA

it. This love of praise is without doubt a great stimulus to

toil, one of the leading powers as a motive for advancement in life. I do not intend to defend or attack this impulse but simply

remind you of its existence. A tactful person may, therefore,

speak words of good cheer and may make people happy through deserved praise.

There is a distinct difference between praise and flattery.

To praise means to laud, commend, approve, esteem, honor, or glorify. To be effective, it must be said with sincerity and be

meritorious and true. Extreme praise, or insincere and excessive commendation with deceitful representations, may soothe

and charm and beguile, but it is valueless. We call it flattery.

Praise therefore is genuine and merited, while flattery is exaggerated and insincere. Needless to say that flattery should

never be indulged in. Naturally, also, words even of,mild praise

would be withheld by a tactful person from one who is so conceited and afflicted with selflove, and so haughty and overbearing, that his manner is quite offensive to others. People of

this class, however, are very much in the minority.

With most people, to congratulate them because of some success or achievement, to wish them joy, to address them with expressions of sympathetic pleasure, on account of some happy event affecting them, or to wish joy abundantly, will stimulate them to greater achievement and tighten the bands of friendship. When one is flagging, a little praise is a great stimulant,

if it be genuine and unadulterated with flattery. It causes

pleasure to the speaker as well.

To the men and women who are worrying, overworked, and sad and discouraged, our approval of their best, and a few kind words, will give courage, hope, happiness, and a finer selfrespect, thereby increasing their possibilities and chances of achievement.

To those on whom have settled the great tragedies of life, who are overwhelmed with grief until it is almost unbearable, whose faculties have become temporarily paralyzed through sorrow, it is certain that kind words would be welcome. It is

very difficult to congratulate a man to his face without awkwardness, to say nothing of comforting a soul in great distress.

Jeremiah said, "I thank the Lord that he has given me the tongue of the learned, so that I should know how to say the word in season to him that is weary."It is thus a matter of

learning, when and how to do it, assuming, of course, that we want to replace the sorrow by happiness.

One of the commonest sources of great sorrow, and a condition requiring kind words and tact, is the death of a dear friend or relative. Comparatively few people die of old age,

TACT AND KIND WORDS 40W

the majority succumbing prematurely, through a violation of the laws of health, faulty medical care, carelessness, or accident.

Some speakers—sort of fatalists—have said, "When the person is sent for, he has to go. God sent for him."What comfort is there in this thought? The cause of the suffering is the

thought of the absence, the taking away of the loved one, and, if it be a case other than old age, the above suggestion only causes the mourner to question the justice and the love of the

Lord. It appears, therefore, to the writer that the part of wisdom, good sense, and tact is to say absolutely nothing about the

cause of the demise, if it be intended to speak only kind words of comfort. To even say that we don't understand the cause

simply adds confusion to a mind and spirit already in a torn and chaotic condition and serves no useful purpose.

Wellmeaning people sometimes try to comfort the unfortunate and downcast by suggesting that the trials and sufferings that are being passed through are small compared with those of others, and they proceed to portray in great detail, and with a deliberate attempt to paint them large, the misfortunes and sufferings of others. A tactful person would never do this,

because the sufferer not only has his own troubles, but now is forced to live through in his thoughts these trials of others. His

sorrow has been increased.

The better plan would be to direct the thoughts far from the scene of sorrow—not into more sorrow, but into the realm

of cheerfulness and hope. Recount past and present blessings,

and indicate the great possibilities for the future here and hereafter. A little sincere and wellearned praise and an expression

of friendship, good will, love, accompanied by some act of kindness, I am sure would be welcomed. The thought of eternal life and a happy reunion later, expressed by one full of

great faith is also appropriate.

At a later time when the wound has started to heal, the following thought may with propriety be expressed. Happiness

and misery, success and failure, prosperity and adversity, come at times to all of us. Let's do the best we can each day, and then

be resigned to what comes, meeting the hard knocks and trials with courage strong, and like men.

Tact consists, therefore, in part, in saying the right thing at the right time. A kind and loving and sympathetic heart will

not often err in this regard. It is a noble desire to want to

"bind up the brokenhearted, comfort all those that mourn, give beauty for ashes, the oil of joy for mourning, and the garment of praise for the spirit of heaviness,"but great care must 410 IMPROVEMENT ERA be exercised, or more harm than good will be done. We need

to learn how and when to do it. Let us increase men's selfrespect and their powers of achievement, by wishing them joy

and congratulating them with grace, and have in our hearts always the prayer of the Psalmist, "Let the words of my mouth and the meditation of my heart be acceptable in thy sight, O

Lord, my strength and my Redeemer."

A Poet's Testimony

By A. A. Ramseyer

While reading a German author (Julius Hansel, Das Leben, 1890), I came across this quotation of Schiller's poem, Die

Freundshaff (the Friendship):

"Freundlos war der grosse Welten Meister,

Fuehlte Mangel; darum schuf er Geister,

Selige Spiegel Seiner Seligkeit."

Which translated reads:

"Friendless was the great world's Master;

He felt the want, therefore he created spirits,

Blessed mirrors of his felicity."

The author (Hansel) quoting these lines from Schiller adds:

"Poets are always right, and we need not wonder, for they know it first hand through divine inspiration."A very good testimony

of the divine inspiration of poets coming from a chemist!

Latterday Saints will rejoice in finding another bright witness to the saying of the Prophet Joseph: "God, finding himself in the midst of spirits and glory, because he was greater,

saw proper to institute laws whereby the rest could have a privilege to advance like himself."* But Joseph's saying is far superior to Schiller's.

The poet Schiller died in May, 1805, a few months before

Joseph Smith was born. Although the Prophet Joseph did

read some German, his readings were probably confined to the

Bible in Luther's translation; I doubt that he ever read or even

saw any of Schiller's writings.

Poets, doubtless, are strangely susceptible to divine inspiration, often uttering truths that the prophets of God unfold in greater clearness or scientists later demonstrate in practical demonstration. Shakespeare and Emerson, if I am not mistaken,

heralded such principles.

*This is found in the report of the April Conference, of 1844—See

Times and Seasons of August 15, 1844, pages 61213. The sermon delivered

is commonly known as King Follett's funeral sermon.

Vital Problems of Life A Study for the Advanced Senior Classes of the M. I. A., 192021

Part II

By Dr. George H. Brimhall

Lesson XIX.—Why Be Religions?

Introduction.—From among many reasons, seven are selected for this lesson.

One is religious just to the extent that he believes in and yields joyous obedience to his God, the Superhuman, the Divine, the Omnipresent; i. e., everywhere present by person or

agent or influence: the Omniscient; i. e., the alwise or possessed of intelligence to know what is best in being or doing:

the Omnipotent; i. e., possessed of power to do or bring to pass

that which he desires to execute.

The most perfect religious state consists in an assurance that God is; that he will reward good and punish evil; that

my course of life or conduct is in keeping with his mind and will.

Pure and undefiled religion has been defined as visiting the widow and the fatherless, and keeping oneself unspotted from the sins of the world; but it must be remembered that

one of the spots of worldliness is that egotism which prompts man to say there is no God. James 1:27.

/. One should be religious because humanity has a spiritual capacity which can be developed through religious or spiritual activities only. Without religion we may have prognostications, but no prophecy; there may be petitions, but no

prayer; there may be reasonings, but no revelation; there may

be service, but no worship; there may be conviction, but no

conversion. *We are not only physical, intellectual and

moral in capacity, we are spiritual also. Through our physical

we gratify our appetites, or bodily cravings, take exercise, and do our work. Through our intellectual capacity, we gratify our

longings for truth, accumulate knowledge, acquire wisdom, and enjoy the process and possession of learning. Through

*Note: From an extended list of reasons these have been chosen for

this lesson.

412, IMPROVEMENT ERA

our moral, or ethical capacity, wc gratify our yearning for the good, the just, and the right; we do our duty and enjoy the

strength of being clean. Through our spiritual capacity we

gratify our yearning for power with God, and are filled with ecstasy in the presence of divine influence, whether it be in a secret prayer closet or in a multitude conference.

There is indescribable satisfaction in the possession of physical vigor, as when we eat, drink, walk, work, climb, etc.;

there is boundless happiness in the presence of intellectual ability, as when we perceive, remember, comprehend, and think clearly; there is perfect satisfaction in the enjoyment of moral

vigor, when we dare to do what is right, letting the consequence follow; there is ecstasy, known only to those who experience it,

in the presence of spiritual vigor, as we reach the divine in communion and cooperation of action, in resisting evil from without, controling not destroying passions within, comforting the mourner, healing the sick, and in officially linking heaven and earth.

Joseph of Egypt, with physical attractions that placed him at a premium in the slave market, with business capacity that made him successful as a manager of Potiphar's wealth, with an ethical strength that caused him to choose the prison cell in preference to a seared conscience, and with spiritual vigor through which he reached God as an interpreter of dreams, in the jail, and made him a prophet before a perplexed king, in the words: "God shall give Pharaoh an answer of peace."

Genesis 41:1516. This man Joseph was the embodiment of

an allround character; his was a personality of progressive

life with no slack strings, and therecompleteness—a harp of

was another Joseph like unto him. II Nephi 3:14, 15.

//. One should be religious because religion has survived

in the race for good, and whatever has survived in the race for good should be found in the individual.

A perfectly normal person would be a perfect type of the race. A person who cannot love can scarcely be called normal;

and one who can love and yet is incapable of extending that love, in keeping with the love extension of the race may not have claim to being perfectly natural.

The race has loved not only humanity but it has loved

God; it has trusted not only in itself and in nature, but it has

trusted in the Divine; it has been not only physical, intellectual

and moral, it has also been religious.

The French sage, Voltaire, said: "If God did not exist, it

would be necessary to invent him"; and the Latin poet, Ovid,

said, "It is expedient that there should be Gods, and as it is expedient, let us believe that they exist."

VITAL PROBLEMS OF LIFE 413

///. One should be religious because the concensus of te

timony of persons who have been nonreligious, irreligious, and religious is to the effect that the religious state is incomparably the most desirable state. Count Lyoff N. Tolstoy, the

great Russian philosopher, after he had failed to find happiness in all the skeptical and selfish avenues of life, turned to religion, and afterwards wrote: "I began to understand

that in the answers given by faith were to be found the deepest source of human wisdom, that I have no reasonable right to reject them, and that they alone solve the problem of life."

Dr. Maeser said in substance: "I thought I enjoyed life

when I believed that I would be snuffed out like a candle; but

I did not know what life was until I found out, through the gospel and its gifts, that I was to live forever."

Religious fervor has no substitute, when we come to consider the acceleration of human activity; for, as a sustainin

force, faith in the Divine is without a parallel; and, as a power

of restraint against rushing into error, loyalty to God holds first place.

IV. One should be religious because religion makes easy

and enjoyable the doing of duties which in a nonreligious state would be either impossible or burdensome. Dr. William

James, philosopher and psychologist, says in his book called

The Varieties of Religious Experiences:

For when all is said and done, we are in the end absolutely dependent on the universe; and into sacrifices and surrenders of some sort, deliberately

looked at and accepted, we are drawn and pressed as into our only permanent positions of repose. Now in those states of mind which fall short

of religion, the surrender is submitted to as an imposition of necessity, and the sacrifice is undergone at the very best without complaint. In the religious life, on the contrary, surrender and sacrifice are positively espoused:

even unnecessary givings up are added in order that the happiness may increase. Religion thus makes easy and felicitous what in any case is necessary; and if it be the only agency that can accomplish this result, its vital

importance as a human faculty stands vindicated beyond dispute. It becomes an essential organ of our life, performing a function which no other

portion of our nature can so successfully fulfill.

The greatest call to action is "God wills it."It is more

than a command, it is the call of highest love; it gives courage

to the warrior, a sweet patience to the suffering, gladness to the heart of the persecuted, and brings joy into the midst of sorrow.

In reason, we yield uncomplainingly to fate; in religion we,

surrender joyously to God. In the one case we comply, in the

other we acquiesce:

"A mighty fortress is our God,

A bulwark never failing, A

414 IMPROVEMENT FR

Our helper He amid the flood Of mortal ills prevailing."

This quotation comes to us from the greatest of all German hymns, written by Martin Luther.

"Passive to His holy will, Trust I in my Maker still, Even though He slay me."—John G. Whittier.

V. One should be religious because the highest form

of development comes through giving, and the religious state is preeminently one of giving. Gratitude is the forerunner

of sympathy. The religious person has behind his sentiment

of freely give the recognition of having freely received, and the latter intensifies the former.

VI. One should be religious because there is neither time

its own fullnor opportunity in this life for virtue to become reward. Religion provides for the extension of personal existence and responsibility beyond this life. Life is not long

enough for the execution of the law of compensation.

Oh, if there were not better hopes than these

Were there no balm beyond a feverish frame—

If the proud wealth flung back upon the heart

Must canker in the coffers; if the links

Falsehood hath broken will undo no more,

If the deepyearning love, that hath not found

Its like in the cold world, must waste in tears

If truth, and fervor, and devotedness,

Finding no worthy altar must return

And die of their own fulness If beyond the grave there is no heaven in whose wide air

The spirit may find room, and in the love

Of whose bright habitants the lavish heart may spend itself,

What thricemocked fools are we. N. P. Willis.

VII. One should be religious because it gives to one the

advantage of shaping his life by the word of the Lord, which carries over where worldly wisdom fails.

Prophecy, though it be God's truth, is of no more value to the skeptic than is music to the deaf or light to the blind; but,

to the believer, it is an evidence that God lives; that humanity

is an object of his benevolent interest, and that adherence to the word of God is the ladder by which one may climb beyond the power of all his enemies, and that is salvation. Humanity

has reason to sing, "We thank thee, O God, for a Prophet."

See Compendium, "Gems,"p. 276.

"The prophet's mantel ere his flight,

Dropped on the world a sacred gift to man."Campbell.

VITAL PROBLEMS OF LIFE 415 References:—Varieties of Religious Experience, Wm. James.

Liffi, Death, and Immortality, Wm. Hanna Thompson.

The Prophecies of Joseph Smith and their Fulfilment, Nephi L. Morris.

The Other Side of Evolution, Alex. Patterson.

Religion and Life, Elwood Worcester.

The Productive Beliefs, Lynn Harold Hough.

Problems and Questions 1. Discuss this problem: One who declares that he can not be religious confesses that he is not a type of the race, and therefore is, in

one sense, subnormal.

2. What should we say of a person who could not believe in the unseen, as it relates to disease germs, undiscovered places, unreached possibilities? Should we consider such a person normal or subnormal?

3. Illustrate the difference between yielding to fate and surrendering to God.

4. Connect up stanza two in, "Wje thank thee, God, for a Prophet"

with the fourth reason for being religious.

5. Discuss the problem: The higher the gratitude, the deeper the

sympathy. 6. Mention seven prophecies which have been unerringly fulfilled

by the Latterday Saints? From the Bible, two; from the Book of Mormon, two; from Church history, three.

7. Discuss this statement, as a reason for being religious: The

greatest civilization of the ages is founded on religion.

8. What does it mean to be spiritually dead?

9. In what sense is this true: The teacher of atheism is a slayer

of deities.

10. Make a list of what you could not do or enjoy, that you do

now enjoy, if you should cease to be religious.

11. Discuss the value of being religious, because in our religious

activities our better natures are brought to the front, and our baser natures are held in the background.

Lesson XX.—Why Believe in a Personal God?

I. Believe in a personal God because the organized is

always superior to the unorganized. Man is an organized intelligence, and for him to worship the unorganized would be

to worship something less than himself.

//.. Believe in a personal God because gratitude is one of

the elements of worship, and we cannot be grateful to the unconscious. The mind is forced to the position of limiting its

gratitude to the conscious. One can not be grateful to food, but

he can be grateful for food. We may be grateful for the sunlight, but not grateful to the sunlight; unless we are so primitive that we put consciousness into the sun.

7/7. Believe in a personal God because consciousness has

never been found separate and apart from organism, and to put directive consciousness where there is no organism is, at best, to enter upon the field of unsafe speculation.

Il<. IMPROVEMENT ERA

It seems clear that for man to believe in or have a wor- -li i pful attitude to other than a personal deity would be to pay homage to something less than one's self. Man is a spirit,

but he is more than a spirit, he is a soul composed of spirit and matter. He is more than an influence, he is a personality

with an influence, and if he worshiped anything less than a combination of personality and influence, he would worship something less than himself.

Man is personality possessed of ideality, and if he becomes a worshiper of ideality alone, he worships something less than himself.

Life does not exist in the abstract; its home is with the

concrete, the individual, and if one shall worship the abstract, goodness, virtue, power, or beauty, he worships something less than himself, because he is the possible living embodiment of all the virtues, none of which have any possibilities in the abstract. If the personal, concrete individual man trusts in the

abstract, subordinates himself to the abstract, it is a case of the living subordinating itself to the nonliving.

IV. Believe in a personal God, because it is the only way

to establish a consistent idea of the parenthood of God. Parenthood means progenitorship, in form and attribute. The

idea of parenthood necessitates the idea of individuality, differentiated parts and passions, as well as the idea of a united whole.

Parenthood without love is unthinkable. Desirable parenthood without power, justice, and mercy is unthinkable; and

an undesirable parenthood could not be God.

V. Believe in a personal God because, through the parenthood of God, we get the highest brotherhood of man.

Kinship, affinity, and ethical obligation, are three great forces by which society is created and held intact; and when

we add to these forces the responsibility of rendering an account of conduct to a common parent of society, of the individuals composing society, the bonds of kinship become stronger and the moral obligation is mightily reenforced.

The highest type of brotherhood is obtainable through the triple consciousness of having to render an account of our treatment to our fellowmen; first, to one's self; second, to society; and, third, to God; a conscious, living, personal self; a

conscious, living, personal society; a conscious, living, personal

God.

The Greeks gave evidence of the personal element in their doctrines of Godhead when they arrived at the conclusion that the perfect life consisted in being in harmony with the self with society, and with God.

VITAL PROBLEMS OF LIFE 417

VI. Believe in a personal God because such a belief has

persisted in the lifeloving people of the earth. The Japanese and the Chinese, who constitute onethird of the earth's

population, look to the personal influence of their dead ancestors for salvation.

The Mohammedan has faith in Allah, the personal instructor of Mohammed; the American Indian believes in the Great

Spirit, or superhuman being who will welcome every good Indian to the happy hunting ground. The Jew worships Jehovah,

by whose finger their decalogue was written; and the Christian

worships the Father of the immaculately conceived Christ.

It remanis for the Hindu, with his belief that consciousness is the source of all evil, that individual annihilation is heaven, and therefore that life is the great error of the universe, to cherish a philosophic disbelief in a personal God.

VII. Believe in a personal God because of scriptural evidences:

a. Old Testament evidence. God declares himself the

physical progenitor of the race. Genesis 1:26, 27.* Time 4004

B. C.

God tries and passes sentence on Cain. Genesis 4:6-15.

God gives Noah personal directions in shipbuilding. Genesis

6:1416. Time 2340, B. C.

God personally instructs the prophet Moses. Exodus 33:11.

Time 1492, B. C.

God writes to his people, Israel. Deut. 9:10.

b. New Testament evidences:

Jesus plainly indicated the personality of God his Father when twelve years of age, "Wist ye not that I must be about my Father's business?"Luke 2:49.

Jesus declared the personality of his Father to Philip.

John 14:9. Jesus declared his personal training by his Father.

John 5:19.

Jesus unmistakably pointed to the conscious individuality of his Father in all his prayers, e. g., at the raising of Lazarus.

John 11:41, 42.

The prayer in Gethsemane, also the prayer recorded in

John 17; Matt. 26:39.

His words on the cross, "Father, into thy hands I commend my spirit."Luke 23:46.

Jesus emphatically declared the personality of God his

Father to Mary, at the tomb after his perfection through the

*Note: In presenting scriptural proof, the evidence is illustrative but

not exhaustive.

418 IMPROVEMENT ERA

resurrection: "Touch me not, for I am not yet ascended to

my Father."John 20:15, 16, 17.

c. Modern revelation. "So the Gods went down to organize man in their own image, in the image of the Gods to

form thev him, male and female to form they them."Pearl

of Great Price, "Book of Abraham,"Chap. 4:27.

The personality of God is undoubtedly pointed out in the following: "I, Abraham, talked with the Lord, face to face,

as one man talkcth with another; and he said, 'My son, my son,'

and his hand was stretched out"* * * "and he put his hand upon my eyes."Pearl of Great Price, "Book of Abraham,"chap. 3.

"And God saw these souls that they were good, and he stood in the midst of them * * * "for he stood among those that were spirits,"ibid, chap. 3:11, 12, 23.

The dispensation of the fulness of times was ushered in by the personal appearance of God the Father and his Son,

Jesus Christ. "I saw two personages, whose brightness and

glory defy all description, standing above me in the air. One

of them spake unto me calling me by name and said, pointing ''Josephto the other, 'This is my beloved Son, hear him.'

Smith, History of the Church, Vol. I, page 5.

After his resurrection, Christ proclaimed to the Nephites, on the American continent, the quorum unity of the Godhead, and also the distinct personality of the members of that quorum. "The Father and the Son and the Holy Ghost are one."

* * * "I bear record of the Father, and the Father beareth record of me, and the Holy Ghost beareth record of the

Father and me."Book of Mormon, III Nephi, 11:2327. -

Problems and Questions

1. piscnat the problem: The organized is always superior to the

unorganized.

2. Discuss this question: One can not conceive of the unconscious

bring interested in him, and therefore one cannot be grateful to the elements or an idea.

3. Illustrate the following: Before one can sincerely worship an

idol the imagination must vest it with consciousness.

4. Show how the idea of the parenthood of God is based upon the

belief of a personal God.

5. How does belief in a personal God contribute greatly to the safet>

and happiness of society?

6. Contrast Christianity and Buddhism, i. e., show where they are

diametrically different.

7. Quote what you consider to be the strongest passage from the4 Old

Testament in proof of the personality of God.

8. Give from memory the most definite passage in the New Testament proving the personality of God.

VITAL PROBLEMS OF LIFE 419

9. Quote from the Pearl of Great Price a passage that bears testimony

of the personality of God.

10. Give from the Book of Mormon a statement concerning the quorum unity of the Godhead, and the individuality of each member of that

quorum. 11. Discuss the first vision of the prophet Joseph Smith as the foundation of a new dispensation.

12. Wherein does the Lord's prayer teach the doctrine of the personality of God?

13. Quote, as a memory gem, on the personality of God, John 17:3.

Silver Star

Star of the silvery night, Star of the dreaming time,

Gleaming your beacon light What longedfor goal is thine,

Far o'er the silence, In yonder sky?

Twinkle your merry smile, Your light though true, yet fades

Be thou a guide the while Oft into outer shades,

LTnto my soul. 'Mong millions more.

Star of the silvery night, Yet you shine bravely on.

Light winged and golden bright, Ah, star, you little one.

Calm and serene; Patient you are.

Where is the path you go; Oft in this world of men.

How can you twinkle so, My dearest wish has been

In the great void? Crushed in struggle.

Star of the silvery night, Yours is the welcome light That bids me rise.

If you can shine so true Amid the host that's hiding you,

I, too, can rise again, And struggle in the realm of men.

—Ezra J. Poulsen.

Poor Land vs. Land Poor

By Prof. Geo. H. Maughn, Ricks Normal College

Which is the most difficult undertaking, to try to make a home on poor land, or to be landpoor and try to make a home?

Better livestock and less of them make less work and more homes and more of them.

Better livestock and less of them make less work and more profits, more pleasure, and better people. Lean feeding makes

lean animals and an empty purse, because there is no margin for profits. Too many apples on the tree make little apples

and less salable fruit.

Better for the land and for future generations if half of the acres of the landpoor man could be left in their native condition until homes could be made upon them.

If it were not for increase in value which has come, not because of any real improvement put upon the land by the landpoor man, but in spite of his wasteful husbandry, most landpoor men would be worse off financially. Many are almost bankrupt, even with a liberal increase in values.

It is always hardest on the poor family of the landpoor man. There can be no regularity in their lives. There are

too many "grub boxes"to get ready and too many irregular jobs to do. For the men and women both, it is hurry from one

task to another, before the last is completed.

The man who is landpoor overworks. If he has superior

crops, or stock, or children, he does not enjoy them because he hasn't time. Inability to care for his stuff, at the right time,

causes him loss and annoyance. His fields are full of weeds

and pests to worry him and vex his neighbors. He is not a

good neighbor because of his bad fences and bad ditches and because he is too busy to be neighborly. If he borrows, he

often hasn't time to return the borrowed article. He cannot

be a good Saint because he has too many "oxen to get out of the mire"on Sunday. He does not sleep well of nights or rest

on the Sabbath. He lives constantly with a promise for a

great day in the future. If the day ever comes it is usually

in the afternoon of life when his terrible toil has dulled his feelings and desires until he cannot enjoy what he has managed to save from it all.

The sons of the landpoor man "get enough"of the farm

POOR LAND VS. LAND POOR 421

and leave, swelling the already overcrowded cities. His daughters resolve never to live the kind of a life mother has lived,

and so look for husbands who have no symptoms of wanting a farm.

And the landpoor man never loves the soil! Men should

love the soil as they would a dear friend, as they would a living thing; for it is alive, and it responds to every intelligent,

careful service done it. It is a wonderful piece of the work

of God. He has given it to men to use and love, and not to

abuse and rob. The good husbandman must love the soil.

The man with poor land may make of it, in time, a fertile farm and a good home. If he does he will love it, for into it

he has put part of his soul. He has replenished the earth and

joy and satisfaction will come to him.

Rexburg, Idaho

An Appreciation

By C. Saxenmeyer

[This is the copy of a letter addressed to one of the guides laboring on

Temple block, under the direction of the Bureau of Information. The

writer, who signs herself as above, adding, "the girl in the chamois coat, who admired the Tabernacle pillars,"is one who expresses appreciation,—Editors.]among the many, of courtesies extended to the "strangers within our gates."

Just a few lines to express my appreciation of your courtesy today at the Temple grounds. Perhaps I should introduce myself first: religiously, I judge, I am a pagan, a lineal descendant

through the Germanic tribes from the ancient Sun worshiping

Aryan of the Asiatic hills; at any rate, I never felt that I could

affiliate with any of the religions derived from Semitic sources, without so many mental reservations as to make my vows a nullity. As no thinking individual can live to maturity on this

earth without some form of religion, I formulated a doctrine of my own, for myself only, which is pretty well summed up in the twentythird Psalm; and the Lord's prayer, and the Sermon

on the Mount, and has for its scientific base the indestructibility of matter and the laws of matter, whether applied to atoms or universes, which leads me to have absolute faith in the immortality of my soul and in God's disposition of it after the dissolution of my body. Just how or where or when this will

422 IMPROVEMENT ERA

be accomplished, I know as little of as you do, but I firmly believe, nay, I should say, know, that it is so.

Your faith is the first logical religion that I have ever met, and I will say that I read part of the Koran, fragments of Zoroaster, and some Brahma, and also Buddha teachings, protestantism in England, as described by Macaulay, some of Catholic ecclesiastical history, which I laid aside when I found that a council of men debated months on the question of the immaculate conception, some three hundred years after Christ's death;

also the Old Testament or the earthly and religious history of the Jews; and of all, I must say "Mormonism"is the only one

that one can accept with the spirit without offending reason.

* * * So far as I have delved into your teachings, and what I have seen of your material accomplishments as shown in your city plan and church buildings, leads me to say that "Mormonism"is the most wonderful religious achievement of all ages.

I am traveling for pleasure, and for gain of knowledge, and

I wish to say that my short stopover in Salt Lake City has given me returns far in excess of my highest expectations, and your talk at the Temple grounds and Tabernacle are things I shall remember always, and in my memory hall, your city, your mountains, your mesas, and your religion, shall hold an honored place.

Salt Lake City, Dec. 11, 1920.

The Crucifixion

A mystery to the world, this wondrous theme:

Why should God's Son descend from worlds on high,

Why for transgressors he, the sinless, die?

Discerning not that which doth underlie

The sacrifice—the world's victorious scene.

"Twas for us all that Christ was crucified

Redeemer, he that hostage was for sin

As conqueror led the way that we might win,

And through the open portal enter in

His Church and ever he with him, his "Bride."

Lydia D. Alder,

The Work of the Business Organizer

By W. S. Wanlass, Ph. D., Department of Business Administration, Agricultural College of Utah, formerly Professor of Economics,

Union College, Schenectady, N. Y.

A basal characteristic of the present organization of industry, hardly less fundamental than private property and competition, is what is known by economists as the division of

Tabor. "The history of industry can be viewed as simply the

ever widening application of the principle of the division of labor."Hardly any civilization seems possible without some

industrial specialization, but our own age is peculiar because of the extent to which it has been carried. By division of labor

we generally mean the system under which the work to be done is subdivided so that each worker devotes his time to one "step"or task in the larger process. In the cobbler's shop, one

man makes a pair of shoes; in the modern shoe factory, the

work of hundreds of men is involved in making a pair of shoes.

Division of labor is really of three kinds. Historically and

logically, the first form is specialization in the trades or crafts.

This was one of the earlier characteristics of the development of industry following the breaking up o the feudal system and the establishment of towns and cities. Examples of this form

of division or specialization are still seen in such trades or professions as the carpenter, mason and physician. But here, as

throughout industry, the next development, the subdivision of the trade or craft into separate steps or processes, may be seen.

The third form of division of labor is the geographical or territorial division. With the development of industry and commerce and a more stable political life in the world, there has

been not only a territorial division tending toward maximum production within countries, but whole nations have devoted themselves largely to the production of those things which their economic situation best fitted them to produce, and have depended on the rest of the world for things which they needed but did not produce. Generally, all of these forms of division

of labor, are found in combination. Needless to say, the third

devotion of nations to the production of those thingsform,—thewhich they are peculiarly fitted to produce—could and would

be much further developed with immeasurable benefits to humanity, if the spectre of war and deprivation were not forever 424 IMPROVEMENT ERA

present. These possible economic benefits constitute a weighty

argument for any feasible scheme which will make international peace more secure.

From what has been said of the division of labor and interdependence, it is evident that somewhere in the economic system there must be some guiding or coordinating force, if this multitude of small tasks and specialized workers is to be brought together in such ways, at such places, and in such proportions as to produce the things which society desires. In

Marshall's words, "the efficiency of specialized machinery or specialized skill is but one condition of its economic use; the

other is that sufficient work must be found to keep it well employed."This function of coordinating the labor of others,

itself a form of specialization, is the work of the industrial or business organizer, or, to use the French term, the entrepreneur.

Of course, there were business organizers of a kind long before we had the present minute division of labor. In fact it was

the creation of business units larger than those found in the home which encouraged and made possible a greater degree of specialization. But, be that as it may, we all recognize that

there are today millions of workers each incapable of producing more than a very small part of the things necessary to satisfy his own wants, and most of them incapable of producing any complete thing without the assistance of others. It is to the task

of bringing together these workers, whose specialized abilities and skill make them complementary to each other, that the organizer must devote a large part of his energies.

But this is only a part of the function of the organizer. He

it is who must perceive, often far in advance of the actual need or demand, what society is going to want and will be willing to pay for. With the present "round about"system of production, the beginning of the manufacture of an article must

generally take place months, not infrequently years, before the finished product is offered in the market. Not only this, but

he must know, as nearly as can be known, how much goods or service will be wanted, and how much people can be made to pay for it. If he fails in this, his reward may prove to be a negative rather than a positive sum. He is, of course, not left to

mere chance in determining these things. He is greatly assisted by an intimate knowledge of markets, actual and potential; statistical information of what has been done in the

past; and, perhaps greatest of all, by stimulating, through advertising and other means, a demand where one had not existed before. Indeed, it is by the enterprise and imagination of

a few, rather than by the conscious demand of the many, that new conveniences and comforts are yearly added to our life,

WORK OF THE BUSINESS ORGANIZER 425

and that economic progress goes steadily forward. That which

contributes most to the success of an industrial institution is not the indispensable hand labor of the men, but the brain labor which organizes and directs. It is by thought and calculation

and foresight that large economics are effected, processes improved, new machinery installed, and new wants perceived; in

these and in many other ways the skilful organizer can do more to insure the success of the enterprise than the industry and skill of a thousand factory workers.

The organizer, then, whether manufacturer or merchant, is the pivot of the modern industrial organization. On the

efficiency with which he organizes the cooperation of specialists the effectiveness of their work depends. On him the consumer depends for getting what he wants and not some makeshift. Specialization is the principle on which all increase in

is effective only whenproductive power depends—specialization

the specialists cooperate, and with every -increase in the degree of specialization the work of organizing the cooperation becomes more important and more difficult.

It is of the utmost importance, therefore, to the material wellbeing of society that the right men occupy this position.

If they do not, there will be waste; inefficiency there neutralizes the efficiency of scores of hundreds and even thousands

of specialized workers, just as an incompetent general can ruin the finest army. Inefficiency in the organizer means that

departments are held up because other departments are not ready for their product; it means that some firms in the trade

work overtime, while others are not fully employed; it means

that articles are produced that the consumer does not want and will not pay for, while articles he does want are produced in insufficient quantities and, consequently, are to be had only at a fancy price. The organizers control the capital of the country, they themselves, of course, by reference decide,—guiding purpose it shall be apto the demand of consumers,—to what

plied and in what form it shall be applied. Want of judgment

on their part may result in the creation of forms of capital for instance, when mills are put up to which are useless—as,

meet an increase in demand which never comes. Originality

and enterprise on their part, on the other hand, will make production cheaper and cheaper, since it will insure the application of capital, in those forms and at those points, where it is most productive. They are society's paymasters: to them the

consumer hands the price of the goods which he consumes;

they distribute it between the different classes of workers, capitalists, and landowners; in a word, they employ land, labor

and capital. Competition between land, labor, and capital for

426 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the national income takes place through the employer, and since the merchant employs the different employers in the same way as they employ land, labor and capital, the competition between different trades for the national income takes place through the merchant. They "represent,"as it were, the

consumer in his relations with producers. Their function, in

fact, whether they perform it ill or well, is the organization of production.

When it is realized how much our economic welfare is dependent upon the training and skill of the organizer of business, the importance of providing the best facilities for preparing men and women for this work is at once apparent. Just

as the success of an army depends upon the training and skill of its officers, so the success of business enterprise depends upon the ability of our industrial and business leaders.

Thus far, in what we have said of the organizer, we have implied that he is acting merely as an individual and almost wholly upon his own responsibility. This is true in most cases,

but there is a strong trend in other directions. So large have

business enterprises become in some fields that men find it necessary to associate themselves together in order to undertake them. In such cases there may be a distribution of the work

of organizing and managing, or what is more commonly the case, there will be merely a distribution of the responsibility or business risk, leaving the work of organizing and managing largely concentrated in one person who is guided by a general business policy and assisted by subordinates. In other cases,

the organization and management of industry may be turned over to specialists who assume little or no business risk, but are chosen for the work merely because of their special training, skill and experience.

It may be apparent from what has just been said, but special note should be taken that the organizer and capitalist need not be, and often are not, one and the same person. Capitalists are

the owners of goods (factories, machinery, tools, and materials) used in production, whether they direct the use of those goods or not. To be a capitalist, a man need not even own any specific capital goods, but may merely have an interest in them

represented by a stockcertificate. Any person, not already a

capitalist, becomes one when he refrains from spending all his income for consumption goods, and uses the part thus saved to buy, or assist in buying, goods to be used in producing other goods. There are many more capitalists than organizers, and

many more than is commonly supposed.

There is one other distinction we should make before we leave this phase of the subject. Somewhat akin to the work

WORK OF THE BUSINESS ORGANIZER 427

of the organizer, and to some extent growing out of it, but representing a still greater degree of specialization, is the work of the promoter. It is the special function of the promoter to

perceive business opportunities, either in new fields or through the combining of industrial units already in existence. He must

not only perceive the opportunity, but he must by careful study, by negotiations with interested parties, and sometimes by more artful means, draw up a plan or present a scheme that will convince others (unless he intends to exploit the opportunity himself) that the proposed undertaking is a feasible one. When he

has succeeded in convincing others so that they are willing to finance the scheme and undertake to carry it out, the work of the promoter, as such, is ended.

Due to the fact that thousands of people have been induced, by the convincing arguments of promoters, to assist in financing many "opportunities"for which little or no reward was received, "promotion"has fallen into more or less popular disrepute. There has undoubtedly been much ground for this

feeling. The "bluesky"laws of this and other states are protests against the practices of a group of unprincipled promoters

and their even more unscrupulous representatives and salesmen.

Promotion, like most activities, may be legitimately used as well as grossly abused. Here, as elsewhere, we must learn to

condemn with discrimination. When we are inclined to condemn promoters as a class, we should remember that many of

our most notable modern conveniences, including the telephone and the electric light, were once in the promotion stage with many more doubters than enthusiasts.

There is no more inspiring chapter in all the annals of

American history than that which traces our industrial expansion. So well and so frequently has it been described that

we shall not take time and space to do it here. The great

movement from East to West has been called, and rightly so, the greatest migration of people in all history. From the standpoint of numbers involved and territory covered, the migrations of antiquity, about which we have read so much, fade into

insignificance. Almost within the memory of men still living

a veritable empire has been brought under the domain of civilized man.

Nor has this industrial expansion been merely territorial and gigantic in scope. The abundance and variety of natural

resources, the industry and thrift of our people, and the energy and imagination of our industrial leaders have combined to produce an economic life which, in richness and diversity, is likeof imaginwise unparalleled in all history. We have spoken

ation. The importance of this factor in past and present develop428 IMPROVEMENT ERA

ment has been frequently overlooked. Here, as nowhere else,

this human faculty has found a field for exercise almost without hindrance or limit. There is an immediate relationship

between the vision and foresight of our industrial leaders and the very magnitude of our economic expansion.

However, when we boast of the past triumphs of our industrial progress, and plume ourselves on the strides we are making, we should remember that all the praise is not due to the few great ones who have made the discoveries and inventions, or have been gifted with constructive imagination. The

thousands of hardy men and women who early came to these barren wastes, braved the frontier, procured a living, and with little or no capital bequeathed something to the future, are deserving of our gratitude. They and the millions of workers

who have built our homes, tilled our fields, and constructed our railways and highways have in large part made possible the vast accumulated wealth of the present. If there were no accumulation of wealth or capital, civilization would soon lose

all that civilization means. Indeed, there can be no economic

progress unless there is a surplus produced over that consumed by the persons who are immediately engaged in production.

With the constant increase in capital, that part of wealth which assists production, the margin between production and consumption, has gradually become larger and larger. Moreover, despite our ever expanding economic life, additions to

existing capital can be made with greater and greater ease.

Increased capital generally leads to better organization and in most industries brings a return which is more than proportionate to the amount of the increase. Not only has better organization increased production, but the more efficient, more

effective forms which capital is constantly taking, add greatly to its productivity. Even in some of those industries which exploit natural resources where the trend is nearly always towards

lessened returns, this tendency has been largely offset by the more effective use of capital. But, notwithstanding all these

facts, capital is today, as it has nearly always been in the past, the limiting factor in our economic development and progress.

With all our vast hoard of capital, which we now value in billions, there is today a demand for capital as insistent as it has ever been before.

We see in every line of industry the eagerness to produce.

The demand for things is in sight; there is need on every hand

to increase and improve the productive equipment and enlarge the output. But the capital is lacking. We are not saving

enough from current production. Not enough of our working

force is employed in making provisions for increased produc-

WORK OF THE BUSINESS ORGANIZER 429

tion in the future. Without adequate capital, or with capital

obtainable only at exhorbitant rates of interest, the business organizer or manager, no matter how capable or efficient, is distinctly handicapped and seriously limited in organizing and directing the processes of industry.

Logan, Utah

Some Day! Somewhere!

Some day, 'twill be made straight, sweetheart, till then

We must be strong;

Clouds without sunshine, God gives not to men;

However long And desolate the bleak December be,

In his good time, he giveth sunny skies

And joys, that we May know how ever fatherly and wise

The Father is to struggling souls and weak,

Some day!

Somehow, 'twill be made straight, sweetheart, I know 'Tis hard to say "Thy will,"and wait with patient heart and weak

Until the day That God his fulfilled promises may show.

We cannot tell the manner, but be sure

However slow And wearily the moments pass, the hour

Of our redemption comes. Strive to endure

The motto of thy life and mine, until

We learn his will, Somehow!

Somewhere, 'twill be made straight, sweetheart, the place

We know not now, But in a freer sphere through God's dear grace,

We—I and thou—

Shall find beyond the blue unsullied skies

The answer to the When, the How and Where;

Shall learn how wise And gracious is the God who answers prayer;

Apart on earth, Some day, Somehow, O sweet,

We two shall meet Somewhere—Author unknown

Seeing Too Much

[Suggested by a legend of the "Gens du lacs,"a tribe of central Alaskan

Indians. These people are generally known as the "Chandclar,"and a river

about the headwaters of which they live has been given that name. This is,

however, but a corruption of "Gens du lacs,"a name long ago accepted from the "Couriers de bois,"who termed them this from the nature of their country. They migrate to the great Yukon flats in June for the salmon

fishing and to secure waterfowl and their eggs. The Author.]

Yearning to know the secrets of the world,

Infatuate, I prayed the God of light

To give me eyes like eagles, that I might see

The things escaping merely human sight;

Keen eyes, to pierce beneath her shrouding robes

And see the awful, naked truth beneath;

And he, in anger, granted what I asked

And I am cursed until my dying breath.

Of old. I, floating on the river wide,

Saw the strong currents tug the tender banks;

Beneath the midnight sun watched myriad gulls

Wheeling about their nests in raucous ranks;

Saw the light dance upon the water bright;

Felt the resistless rolling to the sea;

Wondered what beauties lay beneath these charms,

Enthralled, enamored of the mystery.

Now, from the bank, beneath the turbid flow,

I see the ruddy salmon hurrying on,

And idle whitefish in the eddy's swirl;

See sand and ooze beneath, and, laid thereon,

See dead men's bones, and slimy things about;

And eager, stretching, grasping, demon hands,

Ready to grip their victim by the throat

And drag them down to those subaqueous lands.

Over the water is an island, green

With pointed spruce, and there, beside her fire.

Sits dreaming, Anak, my softbreasted maid,

My love, my life, my burning, heart's desire.

Her soul cries to me over the wide stream

My soul cries to her from my distant shore:

But I must turn my head and hide my eyes,

And take my way from her for ever more.

Should I draw near to look upon her face,

Beneath her smiling mask a skull would grin,

And on her soul my cursed eyes would see

Each tiny blemish like a mortal sin,

And love be dead: and love of her is life!

I will not look. God of light, be kind!

Leave me my love, and take away my sight.

O God of light, in mercy strike me blind!

T. McClure Peters.

THE MARTYRS.

A Sacred Historic Cantata.

PROLOGUE.

Words and Music by Evan Stbphbns.

Largo Maestoso.

r-TO-r i.

'<-2 LJ i-UU -\\frfTT f T

Zdim e rit.'.

! J===F==-& 1==

8 va lower Emmm BeJfcs.

pi Jenfo. pp

sSgrBslEfPrp

Choral Recit.

(S>- pp - *X.

=9UE$=r=id?=

A/W.—/108. Joseph. the Prophet,iv s Hyrum, r thenknsPatriarch Chosen of God,

the Father, and His Son, Jesus Christ, to live, to die.

Jdi 432 IMPROVEMENT ERA

cres. mf

those the latter days, as witnesses of the Father and the Son, that

they do live, and again have spoken to man, here upon the earth.

AAA r- *} -f- -r, r:r:r

-r i p -c -F=F= m m

EJgigfeaEiEglgEpjJoseph, the Prophet, Hyrum, the Patriarch: brothers in life, in

3E5==E=E=jjg IajLLjLLjgPEfN

Frgggf:> A pp Affettuoso.

death not parted. Slain for the sake of Truth, in Carthage jail. "He that

loseth his life for My sake, the same shall find it."A

kax VV A Sacred Cantata Respectfully inscribed to President Heber J. Grant

Words and Music by Evan Stephens

(A Companion Cantata to "The Vision.")

Prologue Choral Recit.

Joseph, the Prophet, Hyrum the Patriarch. Chosen of God, the Father,

and His Son, Jesus Christ, to live, to die, in these the latter days, as witnesses of the Father and the Son, that they do live, and again have spoken to man, here upon the earth. Joseph, the Prophet, Hyrum, the Patriarch:

brothers in life, in death not parted. Slain for the sake of Truth, in

Carthage jail. "He that loseth his life for My sake, the same shall find

it."Amen.

PARTI FULL CHOIR, CHOIR OF WOMEN, CHOIR OF MEN, AND

CONGREGATION.

Full Choir With their blood they have sealed their testimony!

Like to their Master great:

Giving their lives, so pure and innocent,

Bravely each met his fate.

Like gentle lambs led to the slaughter

The brothers and martyrs true,

Winning the prize, the reward and the glory

To martyrs for Christ only, due.

Men's Voices Giving the life which the Father had given

Back to the Giver good, After the mission for which it was purposed

Here, all accomplished, stood:

Women's Voices Giving the life to receive it, and keep it

Through all eternity:

Joseph, the prophet; Hyrum, the martyr,

Endless their lives shall be.

Men's Voices For every moment of anguish and sorrow,

Borne for the sake of truth, Joy shall be given them both, in His Kingdom,

Joy, and eternal youth.

Women's Voices Joy, and eternal, ne'erfading glory:

Honors and allrenown.

Life everlasting, with Christ and the Father,

Wearing the martyr's crown.

Congregation and Chorus "Praise to the man who communed with Jehovah."

434 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Recti, and Aria: Ye would that I return?

Joseph Ye would that I return, and face gur foe

Who seek to take my life? 'Tis well, 'tis better so;

Void of offense, calm as a summer's morns

I come to seal the message I have borne.

What is my Life to Me? (Aria)

Joseph What is my life? What is my life to me,

My Father, but of service unto thee,

And unto those thou gavest unto me?

What is my life? What is this life to me?

my Nauvoo! how passing fair thou art!

And grown full dear and cherished to my heart;

1 have no wish from thee and thine to go,

Now thou'rt surrounded by thine evil foe.

But I foresee thou'rt fated not to last;

In flames and ashes soon thou shalt be cast,

And westward far my vision'd eyes behold

The vales of refuge, long ago foretold.

Far in the wilderness, like to the mourning dove,

The Saints shall find a resting place to love,

From persecutions, and the tyrant hand,

There to be free—on God's own chosen land.

But I return, a captive to be led.

Lamb to the slaughter, soon among the dead,

Out of the strife of mortal life, I'll be,

Living the life of immortality.

What is my life? What is my life to me, etc.

PART II THE IMPRISONMENT AND DEATH W omen's Voices See them led to the jail at Carthage,

Guiltless—the brothers fond,

Joseph and Hyrum, the neverparted

On earth, as in the beyond.

Men's Voices Hear the weeping of wives and mothers,

As they are forced to part Torn from their arms and fond protection,

Breaking each tender heart.

Full Choir Hear the distressing cries of their people

Calling for God above Now to protect, or avenge, the outrage

Threatened to those they love.

Vainly they plead, for the trying hour

Set for the final scene, Nearer, and nearer around them is closing,

Only by heaven seen.

THE MARTYRS 435

Men's Voices Taken by guards sworn to protect them

Safely by night or day, Guards of their foes, in the guise of friendship,

Sworn only to betray.

Full Ckcir Cast into prison, they group together

They and their brethren true:

Hark! to the hymn they now are singing

Hushing the mobbing crew.

Words that repeat how the SaviorMaster,

He once the "Man of Grief,"Spoke of the blessed joys awaiting

Those who gave sweet relief.

(Here solo voices (baritone) take up verses from hymn No. 34,

Psalmody. "A poor wayfaring man of grief,"while the chorus accompany

in subdued voices with sentences from the last eight lines of the above, until the crashing, discordant announcement of the shooting, and death moment, arrives—after which the full choir proceeds with the text.)

Full Ckoir Hark, through the crash of guns,

Up to the silent sky, Mid horrid curses vile, and oaths,

Ascends death's solemn cry.

After a brief pause of silence—

The deed is done! and soon

The murderers are fled.

While both the martyrs, in their gore,

Lie silent, pale and dead.

Women's Voices Dead! And their mission done:

Their noble work fulfilled;

Their voice of warning to the world

From their loved lips is stilled.

Stilled, only to awake And evermore rebound From silent martyr'd lips to shake

The universe around.

Full Choir The message, sealed in death, Grows ever yet more loud: *

Like mighty thunder's crashing breath.

Heard from the soaring cloud.

Bear it o'er all the world, Ye messengers that fly.

Proclaim salvation's flag unfurled.

Redemption's day come nigh.

Full Choir The martyrs'sacred blood Bears witness to the earth:

God's final dispensation's come

To give it endless birth'.

436 IMPROVEMENT ERA

PART III

THE FINAL RITES. EARTHLY, TENDER SORROWS. HEAVENLY

FULNESS OF JOY

Lament and march

Women's Voices * Tread softly, bear them home, Home to the waiting hearts Of the belov'd bereft, From whence they're torn apart!

Tread softly, bear them on, The earthly forms we love, While angels bear their souls To their fair home above.

Men's Voices Tread softly, while the tear Dims every tender eye;

While we're all mourning here,

Angels rejoice on high.

While music, soft and low, Express our mournful song, There are no sounds of woe Heard from the heavenly throng.

Full Choir

In triumph bear them home, Though dead, their labor done.

In triumph still they come, Their full reward is won.

Our woes will turn to joy When, healed from wounds and pain,

In bliss without alloy, We'll meet them both again.

(When the march music has died away, in the distance, voices break out into the following hymn.)

Full Choir

The heavens ring with songs of love

Around the throne of glory;

The work assigned them from above

Is finished, and the story Of how they died, will fill the earth

And thrill the hearts of mortals;

While heaven resounds with holy mirth

Within its sacred portals.

Final Chorus

Honor and fame, Eternal Life and Glory

Be their reward forever, evermore.

Amen.

"Pine Lodge,"Sept. 27, 1920

The Tale of the Cocoanul

By John Q. Adams, President of the Samoan Mission

On a nineyear scale, just what would a reenacted Rip Vau

Winkle episode reveal to one who retraced his steps to former scenes where were routined some of the epochal events of life?

Such a question took possession of my mind some time ago, and at this moment, as I view gently sloping, zephyrkissed itself literally meaning a resting placeMapusaga—the word

from the upper story of the fine, comparatively new Elders'house, the twin conflicting emotions of memory and its counterpart of the tense of the present take alternate hold of the mental helm, and glimpses of the then and the now flash by, distinct and correlated. No more extended reference to the past

need appear here, beyond the merest mention of the fact that the writer came to this village eleven years ago, aided in its fundamental development as a school center, and cocoanut plantation, all of which was thoroughly gone into in a number of articles that appeared in this magazine a decade since.

With the picture of the place before us as it was, we may consistently proceed to append these pages in which we shall endeavor to briefly portray some of the conditions as they are.

Let us instantly transfer our view from the center of the village to its most remote boundary as it stretches toward the fivemile distant coast. Crammed tightly down into the very

heart of a high cluster of sharpnosed mountains, a level hundred acres of virgin volcanic soil sustains perhaps 6,000 plumy cocoanut palms that are just emerging in age on the border that wedges apart into indistinct spheres the two distinct stages of youth and maturity. This is but a fourth of the whole and sets

off by itself as a great green peninsula, its side punctured deeply with a sharp mountain point and its light hue in contrast to the dark forest.

Occasionally a few nuts, ranging from delicate green to somber brown, the younger, as is the way of nature, more plump and attractive to the eye, are discernible, hanging low enough to be plucked by hand were that the proper method of harvesting. Cocoanuts, to be saleable as dried copra, must be permitted to fall of their own weight and volition, when the exact

hour of ripeness has been attained, otherwise two things occur:

438 IMPROVEMENT ERA

a few pieces of immature cocoanut meat discovered by vigilant eyes of government inspectors among a ton of crisp copra, and a heavy fine, for it spoils fast.

From these younger outposts or sentinels, the age and size of the various plantings succeed one another in regular and well defined gradations. Here a forty acre strip was all, within a fewdays, sprinkled at thirty foot intervals with striplings of embryo

trees, nureerysprouted to begin. There a larger or smaller tract

was similarly brought under cultivation, a few months later on, and so it went, each section of a uniform size and fecundity. As

the first section to be subjugated from the wilderness is passed, the trees are seen to be well along towards a profitable age, on some as many as fifty nuts clustering. Part of the land is enclosed in a threefoot wall of black, loosely laid volcanic rock

fragments, a fence that doesn't decay, rust, nor loosen, but which might suddenly see itself a tumbled and humbled mass, should one of the numerous earthquakes, that occur almost daily here, take on a little more force in its quiverings.

Within the fenced sections, carpeted beneath the cocoanut trees with a layer of perpetually fresh and juicy grass, a hundred head of quiet cattle munch at any hour of day or night, all sleek and clean and fat. No cows nor heifers are disposed

of, and within a decade there should have developed an army of weeders and beef producers that shall precede the cocoanut in point of profit, as they keep down the weeds as well as transform the vegetation into tender beef. In fact we have been inviting the natives of other villages to pasture their cattle in our

plantation free, as we gain such great benefit in having the undergrowth held in check. All we ask is that they aid us in

maintaining the wall in good shape. Easy is the life of a Samoan range animal, amidst the Paradise it browses in from birth

cold, no snowy bedding grounds, no irregular feedto death—no

ing hours, and the sun never within twenty degrees as hot as it is in America. Neither does its owner have to go to the expense

of barn, wagons, implements, and the hundred and one other paraphernalia that go to make up the necessary equipment of a farm in the states or elsewhere. There is practically no loss

to figure against, with the exception of some sporadic and infrequent sickness of single animals. There is always a ready sale

for all beef put on the local market. The principal drawback

to present cattle raising conditions, in the islands, is the inattention directed to proper upbreeding. Anything with four

legs passes as real.

One of the recent innovations that we are impressing on the minds of our people is the fact that their children require a more digestible sort of food than the hard taro and breadfruit,

THE TALE OF THE COCOANUT 439

and other native articles of diet that sometimes tests the stom ach of the adult to assimilate. The heavy mortality among the

babes of Samoa could very well be reduced to a minimum, were that naturally precarious yearafter-weaning bridged over by at least a partial diet of milk for the scrawny youngster. It is the

case usually that the children, those who survive the heroic test of indigestible food, that they are thin of limb, and protruding in the region of the belt, and a sort of scabby sore appears in profusion as a result. Our people are permitted and

encouraged to care for one of the plantation cows, and a common sight now-a-days is the brigade of milkers that night and morn go with pails out under the cocoanut tree where is staked their best friend, and return shortly with a foamy mass that will save many of their babies.

Leaving the cattle and their unassuming corner of the plantation, we come presently to the village borders, and are confronted with a mediumsized, corrugated, tin building not far to the left. Smoke is observed issuing from a pipe at one end, and

at the rear, in a pit, we see a heater much like the hot air sort so prevalent in buildings of colder climes. Closer investigation

discloses the fact that it is a copra drier. And what might that

be? Our question will shortly find its answer, as we soon see

Samoan men and large boys stringing in from the plantation with the freshly cut, white, crisp nuts sliced with great knives into snowy chips and curls. A couple of cocoanut leaf baskets,

quickly and dexterously woven on the spot, were plaited where the nuts were gathered and husked, and cracked and sliced, all by hand and at a remarkable speed. On each end of a stick

like a fork handle one of the baskets of nutmeat hangs, the two making a heavy load, as it is balanced on bare brown shoulders, all calloused. The meat is weighed at the copra house, and

then spread on slattrays that slide into frames like drawers inside the building on each side. The men receive a cent per

pound for cutting, and make as high as $3 per day.

The white meat changes to brown through the action of the heat that is conveyed through the room in a large pipe. Overhead, in the garret, the copra may also be spread on the floor

and be cured by the ascending heat. Within three days it is

sufficiently dried to be ready for shipment. The native method

is sundrying, but it is slow and uncertain, and the copra never comes through in the nice, light shade that the artificially heated does. The furnace is fed by long sections of split logs

cut from the adjacent forest and still heavy and green. The fire

isn't maintained during the night. One man manipulates the

whole process of drying, from fire to finish. The browned

copra is scooped into bags of an average weight of a hundred

Sister Ellen Kenison and a bunch of bright Mapusaga school girls she supervises One of the three ice cream booths at the Mapusaga conference. Sister

Adams and tliree children and Elder Tingey patronizing the stand

Elder Tingey baptizing in the new cemjent tank at the last conference in Mapusaga THE TALE OF THE COCOANUT 441

pounds and carted to Leone, six miles up the coast, where it is received and paid for by the U. S. government. It handles all

of the copra of this island and also Manula. There is a deduction of one cent made from the seven cents per pound that

copra now brings, and if any balance remains at the close of the year, after all expense incident to disposing of it has been met, that surplus is returned to the producers, at a pro rata to their contribution.

It is an interesting story this, the tale of the cocoanut, only the salient features, not previously dealt with being touched on in this article. As the cocoanut is winning its way into popular

favor as butter, stock food, the latter from the pulp after the oil has been expressed, etc., it promises to assume even more

importance as the one big universal product of the earth's warm belt.

In the barest of mention, in conclusion, it may be stated that Mapusaga's immediate destiny promises well. Its location

is ideal, it has an excellent piped water system, the climate, inland and elevated, is cool and healthful, its plantation is of the best soil and well in hand, and the opportunities for the people to progress along all lines will develop with the times. Bananas,

taro, breadfruit, and other native foods, come up to the back doors of the double row of homes that lines each side of its one thoroughfare. Its rapid rehabilitation, as of yore, is well under way, for it is a chosen site for the Samoan Saints to gather

on, a sign of Latterday Saint strength.

Apia, Upolu, Samoa

TAYLOR STAKE CHORAL SOCIETY

This organization recently presented Prof. Evan Stephens'Cantata* "The

Vision,"under direction of C. W. Stone, conductor, and N. L. Mitchell,

organist, and scored a signal success.

A Remarkable Experience (A True Story)

By Marie Fowler (Age 12) (Silver Badge)

[This contribution, republished from the January, 1921, St. Nicholas,

in the Improvement Era, by special permission of the Century Company, was written by the granddaughter of Mr. Alfred Lambourne, the lady referred to being his deceased wife. Editors.]

"Oh Grandma! where did you get that silver thimble, and

why has it a hole in it?"asked curious little Virginia.

"It's a strange story, dear,"answered Grandma.

"Tell it, please."

"Well,"said Grandma, "a long time ago, in 1860, I came to the West from Iowa with my parents and a company of friends. I was sixteen then and had very long, yellow hair, which

I wore in two braids. There were no trains then, and we traveled with oxteams. It was a long journey and took many weeks.

We passed great herds of buffalo and many deer and elk. Sometimes we would see roving bands of Indians in the distance.

One day we met a band of them, with their brilliant feathers and painted faces. When the chief saw my long yellow hair, he

immediately wanted to buy me. He offered twentyfive ponies to

my father. But of course he was refused. He came back the

next day and offered thirty ponies, but again he was refused.

For almost a week the Indians followed us, and the chief would come every day offering more and more ponies, until he had offered fifty. Finally, the people of our company became

frightened. They feared the Indians would attack them and

perhaps kill some of them and carry me off. So, wisely, my

mother cut off my hair and gave it to the chief. In return, he

gave me this little thimble from a string of them he wore around his neck."Virginia heaved a great sigh and exclaimed, "That surely was a remarkable experience!"

The Chinese Realm Dedicated for the

Preaching of the Gospel The Act Accomplished by Elder David O. McKay, in the Authority of the Holy Apostleship

By Hugh J. Cannon, President of the Liberty Stake of Zion

Elder David 0. McKay, of the Council of the Twelve, and

the writer, arrived in Peking, the chief city of China, Saturday evening, January 8, 1921. The horde of ragged and revolting

mendicants, grimy porters and insistent jinrikisha men, who fought noisily for possession of us, as we emerged from the station, was not such as to inspire a feeling of affectionate brotherhood. However, we had gone to Peking to do the Lord's

will, as nearly as we could ascertain what it was. His inspiration rested upon his servant in charge, and Elder McKay decided

that the land should be dedicated and set apart for the preaching of the gospel of the Master.

It seemed most desirable that this should be done on the following day, as that was the only Sabbath we should be in

Peking. But where, in the midst of that clamor and confusion,

could a suitable spot be found? The city lies on a level, barren

plain. There are no forests, and, as far as we knew, no groves

nor even clumps of trees. We were wholly unfamiliar with the

city and had met no one who could enlighten us. If we went

outside the surrounding walls, there was reason to believe no secluded spot could be found nor the everpresent crowd of supplicants avoided.

January 9 dawned clear and cold. With no definte goal in

mind, we left the hotel and walked through the legation quarter, under the shadow of dear Old Glory, out into what ife known as "The Forbidden City,"past the crumbling temples reared to an "Unknown God."Directed, as we believe, by a Higher

Power, we came to a grove of cypress trees, partially surrounded by a moat, and walked to its extreme northwest corner, then retraced our steps until reaching a tree with divided trunk it.which had attracted our attention when we first saw

"This is the spot,"said Elder McKay.

A reposeful peace hovered over the place which seemed already hallowed; one felt that it was almost a profanation to

tread thereon with covered head and feet.

Two men were in sight, but they seemed oblivious to our presence, and they soon left the grove. There, in the heart of

444 IMPROVEMENT ERA a city with a million inhabitants, we were entirely alone, except for the presence of a divinely sweet and comforting Spirit.

Elder David O. McKay and the tree under which he,

and Elder Hugh J. Cannon, stood while he dedicated

the land of China for the preaching of the gospel, Sunday, January 9, 1921. This grove is within the walls of

the "Forbidden City,"Peking, China,

An act destined to affect the lives of four hundred and fifty millions of people now living, as well as of millions and perhaps

THE CHINESE REALM DEDICATED 445

billions yet unborn, calls forth feelings of profound solemnity, and that, too, despite the fact that the vast majority of those affected may die in ignorance of the event.

After a prayer had been offered and the spot dedicated as a place of supplication and for the fulfilment of the object of our visit, Elder David 0. McKay, in the authority of the Holy Apostleship, dedicated and set apart the Chinese Realm for the

preaching of the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ, whenever the

Church authorities shall deem it advisable to send out missionaries for that purpose. Never was the power of his calling more

apparent in his utterances. He blessed the land and its benighted people, and supplicated the Almighty to acknowledge

this blessing. He prayed that famine and pestilence might be

stayed, that the government might become stable, either through its own initiative, or by the intervention of other powers, and that superstition and error, which for ages have enveloped the people, might be discarded, and Truth take their place. He

supplicated the Lord to send to this land broadminded and intelligent men and women, that upon them might rest the spirit of discernment and the power to comprehend the Chinese nature, so that in the souls of this people an appreciation of the glorious gospel might be awakened.

It was such a prayer and blessing as must be recognized in heaven, and though the effects may not be suddenly apparent, they will be none the less real.

And never, perhaps, has there been a land more greatly in need of heavenly aid. One cannot help but feel that if it were

not for the watchful and unselfish attitude of the United States,

China's national rights would very quickly be invaded. With

the largest population of any country in the world, she is wholly impotent, and in addition to her own helplessness, a curse seems to overshadow her. Millions of her people are starving. It is

estimated by the committee in charge of the relief work that five dollars will save a life, but the five dollars must come from abroad.

And yet, if this nation would observe one of the simplest of the Lord's commandments, that of the monthly fast, and give the meals thus saved to those in need, the famine problem would be solved. This would furnish two meals daily to each of the

fifteen million sufferers.

The cypress tree is a symbol of sorrow and sadness in China, and this cypress grove seemed a peculiarly fitting place in which to invoke the blessing of heaven upon this oppressed and sorrowing people. The accompanying picture shows the tree, and

Brother McKay, where the dedicatory prayer was offered.

At ShanHai-Quan, the point at which that wonder of wonders, the great Chinese wall, meets the sea, and on the frontier

President Hugh J. Cannon and some of the famine

stricken Chinese, on the edge of the famine district at

ShanHai-Quan, China, January 8, 1921.

of the famine district, we took a picture which we are presenting herewith. Though the morning was bitterly cold, we judged

it to be zero weather, some of these people were nearly naked.

The shreds of patches which only partially covered their emaciated and shivering bodies might well feel complimented at being called rags.

One contemplates China's past accomplishments with a feeling akin to awe. We respect old age, and especially so when,

with antiquity, we see achievement; and it is well to remember

that this land had a highly developed civilization nearly twentyfive centuries before the Christian era.

Notwithstanding her present pitiably inane condition, we have met some admirable Chinese people, and cherish the sincere hope that at no very distant day the light of the gospel may penetrate to present overwhelming darkness. Though the abject

misery we beheld appealed to our tenderest sympathies, gold and silver we could not give, but the door was unlocked for them through which they may enter into eternal life.

Enroute from Yokohama to Honolulu, Feb. 1, 1921.

By Whom Faith Should be Taught

One of the principal and essential doctrines that a Latterday Saint should teach his children is faith in God, in the Lord

Jesus Christ, and in the restoration of the gospel through the

Prophet, Joseph Smith. The first article of our faith reads: "We

believe in God, the eternal Father, and in his Son, Jesus Christ, and in the Holy Ghost."And yet, the question is often asked:

"Is it necessary to believe in God in order to render the most acceptable service for humanity; or can we not do just as much

good without faith in God and his established Church as with it?"Some young men have argued, "Why the necessity of

membership in the Church or a belief in Deity, when we can do just as much good to our fellow men free from the handicaps that come from religion?"In other words, they question

the need of faith in God. in order that real good works may be

accomplished, and deign to believe that services may be rendered to mankind just as acceptably by one having no faith, as by one having faith. This belief is fallacious; because faith in

God is the first requisite for good works, and is the foundation of true religion from which only acceptable works to God may spring; because neither works without faith nor faitli without

works is justified.

In one of the leading commandments to parents in our

Church, it is stated positively, that parents having children in

Zion must teach them faith in Christ, the Son of the living God, repentance, and to pray, and to walk uprightly before the Lord.

The penalty pronounced for not doing this service is, that the sin shall rest upon the heads of the parents.

This commandment is confirmed by Paul, who places faith first, very plainly, when he says: "Whosoever shall call upon

the name of the Lord shall be saved. How then, shall they call

on him in whom they have not believed? and how shall they

believe in him of whom they have not heard? and how shall

they hear without a preacher? and how shall they preach except they be sent?"Here we have again the natural order, and

parents will notice that one must first hear the word of the

Lord, next believe, and then follows good works. This is confirmed in another quotation from the scriptures, which deIMPROVEMENT ERA

clares furthermore, "Without faith it is impossible to please

God, for he that cometh to him must believe that he is, and that he is a rewarder of them that diligently seek him."It is

especially true that, if a young person is thoroughly imbued with faith in God, and in his Son, Jesus Christ, and in the restoration of the gospel to earth in the latterdays, very naturally good works will follow in his life. Furthermore, the first requisite to the acceptable life of a Latterday Saint lies in faith

in these declarations, and without it, he has no permanent basis for good works. Faith alone makes him truly a son of God,

and from this foundation, good works, a desire to keep the commandments, and obedience to the will of the Lord freely follow. Faith is truly the hand wherewith one takes hold on

everlasting life.

Again, the very first revelation given to the Prophet Joseph

Smith was the voice of the eternal Father commanding him to hear the Son. If a person have faith in Christ, he will love the

Lord Jesus, who says, "If a man love me, he will keep my words (hence, do the works), and my Father will love him, and we will come to him and make our abode with him."

From these references one may easily see that it is primarily essential that faith shall be founded in the hearts of in God, faith in the Lord Jesus Christ, faithour children—faith

in the restoration of the gospel in the latterdays, in order that the works following may be acceptable to God. This faith, as

has already been stated, must come through hearing the word of

God, and for this, all parents are responsible in the home. And

"faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of God,"says the apostle.

We have a slogan in the Church which reads, "We stand for a weekly home evening."Thereby it is intended to give

parents an opportunity to call their families together for a little season of instruction and communion, that faith may be implanted in the hearts of the children. This work should not be

entirely left, as we are sorry to say is largely being done, to the priesthood quorums and to the auxiliary organizations of the

Church. These are very necessary, but are mere public helps

to the family, the unit of the Church, where faith in God and in prayer to him, and righteous living, should be persistently and thoroughly taught by precept and example. The First Presidency of the Church, in 1915, urged the inauguration of a "home

evening"throughout the Church in which they instructed fathers and mothers to "gather their boys and girls about them in the home, and teach them the word of the Lord."

Attention of parents is called to another revelation (Doc.

and Cov. Sec. 93:4150) in which it is pointed out that their

EDITORS'TABLE 449

own salvation as well as the salvation of their children depends largely upon them teaching their children to walk uprightly before God. The Lord said to Frederick G. Williams: "You have

not taught your children light and truth, according to the commandments, and that wicked one has power, as yet, over you, and this is the cause of your affliction."He then commands

him to set his house in order, if he wishes to be delivered. To

Sidney Rigdon, the Lord said that he had not, in some things, kept the commandments concerning his children; "therefore,

firstly set in order thy house."To the Prophet Joseph the

Lord said: "Your family must needs repent and forsake some

things, and give more earnest heed unto your sayings, or be removed out of their place. What I say unto one I say unto all;

pray always lest that wicked one have power in you, and remove you out of your place."Further he said: "Newel K.

Whitney, also a bishop of my Church, hath need to be chastened and set in order his family, and see that they are more diligent and concerned at home, and pray always, or they shall be removed out of their place."

If the commandments of the Lord were followed more strictly, in the course of a few years, we should be free from such expressions as that any service rendered without faith in

God is just as good as service rendered with faith in God; and

we should likewise have a community of young people growing up in righteous living, keeping the commandments of the

Lord, having faith in God's mercy and in his responsive ansgenerationwers to their appeals through prayer—a mighty

surging forward with an unquenchable faith towards the establishment of righteousness in the earth, sustained by good and mighty works. A.

Messages from the Missions

Visiting Both Rich and Poor

Harold H. Jenson, writing from Birmingham, England, December 22,

says: "This conference is progressing under the able leaderchip of President and Mrs. Charles W. Hatch, of Woods Cross, who have labored for a

long time without assistance. The Lord is blessing us in our work. The

sentiment against the 'Mormons'has changed in this community. In trading, we find many honest, upright souls, and we receive a large number

of invitations to visit. Every meeting is attended by a few investigators,

and we have visited the homes of both the rich and the poor in Birmingham. This is partly due to the fairmindedness of the people, and greatly

to the record left by previous elders. President Heber J. Grant's acquaintance with Mr. Wilber Gracey, U. S. Consul of Birmingham, is also helping

the cause, for Mr. Gracey has expressed his willingness to aid in any way

450 IMPROVEMENT ERA

possible. Mr. Gracey met President Grant on his way to Japan and has

never forgotten their pleasant association."

MP - AB r $

1 Bf-""- 9 r > I f I *

**r ws f*

Missionaries in the London Conference

Back row: J. Fred Pingree, Andrew T. Jacobsen, Frank Lockyear, William H. Harlacker (Ireland), C. Douglas Barnes and Richard Williams, Jr.;

center row: J. Arno Kirkham, John O. Hughes, George H. Hansen, Arthur

L. Crawford, Gordon W. Mathis; front row: Harold H. Jenson, James Gunn

McKay, president of the London, Norwich and Bristol conferences; Anna

0. McKay, clerk; John J. Kirby and John Black.

This group is the largest number of missionaries that have arrived since the war. They are now (Nov. 8) taking preliminary missionary

training at "Deseret"preparatory to assignment. Harold H. Jenson.

Through Forest Trails and Lava Fields

Elder L. H. Stott, Conference President of Palauli Savaii, Samoa, writes

under date of Dec. 8: "Although our staff of white elders is small here,

on Savaii, only three,.we feel that through our humble efforts and the

help of the Lord, the work is progressing. We are received with friendliness and respect wherever we go, and people listen to our message, many

are believing and we expect a big harvest soon. Elder R. A. Knowlton

and myself recently returned from a trip around the island, visiting all our branches and Saints and preaching the gospel at every opportunity.

It is about one hundred and sixty miles around the island, the whole trip being made on foot, and a great deal of the distance being over rocky forest trails and sharp lava fields. One day's journey of twentyfive miles,

through a forest, we began early in the morning without breakfast, and had nothing to eat except a cocoanut apiece, until we reached our journey's end. We see very few white men, and live entirely with the natives,

EDITORS'TABLE 451 but we are happy with them and glad for the privilege of laboring among them in the cause of truth. On reaching Matautu, we enjoyed a week

with Elder C. J. Wilcox, who is laboring in that section. While we were

there all together, we held a priesthood meeting at Saleaula at which were gathered all our native elders of the island. An excellent spirit was

enjoyed by all and some fine testimonies were borne. We also held a

meeting in the evening for outsiders, and over a hundred and fifty people heard the gospel preached. During the two following days, like meetings

were held in neighboring villages with very good attendance. We are

happy in the work, and, though small in numbers, we have a strong band of native helpers and the great work is growing."

The Work in Kentucky

Elder Martin E.

Ellsworth, of the Kentucky conference, writes under date of January 20: "There are twenty

elders laboring in this conference, fourteen of whom are at present in Louisville. Elder P.

James Skouson, of Mexico, is the presiding elder, and through his untiring efforts the conference laborers are succeeding. The elders and

Saints are working in harmony under his able leadership. The following

are four of the elders laboring in LouisviUe:

(Top row) W. E. Christenson, Salem; Abe

Losee, Lehi; bottom

row: Vernal L. Neilson, Huntsville, Utah; Martin E. Ellsworth,

Show Low, Arizona."

Prohibition in Australia

Local Elder, James D. Howard, Brisbane, Queensland, Australia, gives

some information relating to his work and the condition of the cause in that district, from which we make these selections: "In answer to the

inquiry of the organizer of the Strength of Empire Movement, made to the presiding elder of that branch in regard to Prohibition, he was answered that the Latterday Saints would not only give their vole, but would willingly assist in forwarding truth and destroying evil at any and all times.

The result was, that three of the elders were chosen to represent the Latterday Saints at the committee meetings of the Movement organization. In

this way, the elders were called into service, and had opportunities to explain the principles of the gospel, and in so doing, made many friends who at least have learned to respect the Latterday Saints and their belief. Notwithstanding the fact that two ministers resigned from the committee because of the presence of the 'Mormons,'it was generally conceded by the

452 IMPROVEMENT ERA

other members of the committee that they could trust and depend upon the 'Mormon'people, and this was fully demonstrated at the polls; for

there were Latterday Saints at every polling booth doing their bit. The

elders had been accused of coming to Queensland because America went dry. To# this accusation, Elder James H. Harris replied that they had

helped to put over prohibition in America, and they were going to do their best to put it over in Australia.

"The mountains of prejudice are gradually melting before the truth, and we look forward to the time when the gospel of Christ shall reign supreme upon the whole face of the earth."

New Church Appreciated

Elder W. D. Morrill, Conference President, Spokane, Washington, writes

under date of February 8: "We appreciate highly the new Church edifice

at Spokane. It is a great help to the missionaries in the work of teaching

the gospel. We are able to get many investigators to attend, who heretofore felt that our accommodations were inadequate. At a recent conference, the church was filled with people, many of whom were investigators

and friends. President H. C. Iverson, of Portland, in his persuasive

and humble manner, delivered a discourse on, 'The Practical Phase of "Mormonism"'. It is gratifying to note the success attending the labors of

the missionaries here, and the gradual change in the attitude of the people in general towards 'Mormonism.'Respect and admiration are readily replacing the old feeling of prejudice and hatred.

"Elders, back row, left to right: A. E. Christenson, W. H. Cowley, V.

V. Van Buren, E. G. Luke, J. E. Woolsey, W. H. Holt. Second row: L.

C. Hanney, M. J. Bunnell, Emma Larson, Eva Osborn, Sasie Heath, J. L.

Pixton. Front row: G. G. Wood, V. S. Tanner, W. D. Morrill, Conference

President; O. R. Whitehead, F. S. Hopkin, R. V. King."

EDITORS'TABLE 453

In Great Britain Elder James Gunn McKay, President of the London conference, writes a letter under date of January 25, to the editor of the Era, from which we select the following interesting items:

Economic Conditions in England

This country is very badly off, having a million men registered at their employment bureaus receiving "outof-work pay,"and this list is being added to fifty thousand a week. Factories are closing down and hard times

have really set in. The people are in a bad mood. Revolution could

easily be raised among them; in fact, already there is great clamor against

the government. The people are contentious, much giving to rioting and to

damage upon the slightest provocation. The government and everybody

else is blamed for the present condition. If something is not done to relieve this difficult situation, serious trouble may result. In fact, never was

this nation so near to the fulfiling of the prophecy: "The time will come

when he that will not take up his sword and fight against his neighbor must flee to Zion."

When you think of staid and steady Old England being in this condition, one realizes how near the besom of destruction is upon the inhabitants of the earth. Think of England, who had upheld before the world a

standard for nigh respect for law and for order for centuries, catering to the whims of a riotous mob. Think of all her past traditions, her gentry,

her class distinction, her boasts of fair play, being wafted away as mere tradition. Then you will realize how near to the brink this country is to

ruin. As bad as our land may be, it has a better prospect than they have

anywhere in Europe.

Lantern Slide Lectures The lantern slide lecture on "Utah and Her People"is proving to be a very effective way to reach the people. In the last week the lecture has

been given at Nottingham, Sheffield, and South London, to very large audiences. The pictures have been a revelation to the people over here,

while the talk itself has interested them. Many prominent and influential"

people come out to these, that could not possibly be reached by trading, and almost in every case they have expressed themselves to the effect that their prejudice was removed and that they would look upon Utah and her people as among the greatest people in the world. We have had a great

deal of pleasure and satisfaction that have attended our efforts in this direction. Already we are scheduled to give lectures at Lowestoft, Cardiff,

Portsmouth, Sittingbourne, Birmingham, Narthampton, Saltley and Kiddminster between now and the 22nd of February. I only wish that we

had some means to use for this purpose. We could, I believe, double the

lectures popularity and success.

We are also trying to secure favorable articles in the papers and have succeeded in at least one or two of them. In fact, all of them wrote

articles which, while not in our favor and giving us a mild skit, have not been vindictive in language. I am sending you under separate cover several of these papers, including a statement gotten up by a committee composed of President George Albert Smith, myself, President Hawkes (North

London Branch), President Ralph J. Pugh (Hammersmolh), and President

E. W. Wheatley (Holloway) which we have sent to most of the papers.

South Africa and President Sessions

By this time no doubt you have learned that Elder James Wyley Sessions has proceeded on his way to South Afriea. I feel very happy that I

454 IMPROVEMENT ERA

was able to assist President George Albert Smith to secure permission for bim and his family to enter South Africa. The experience that was gained

in helping to secure Bishop Angus J. Cannon permission to enter Switzerland, in 1916, was of value in this case; in fact, the whole tiling was done

in about one day. I was not only pleased to see the matter accomplished

but to have the pleasure of seeing Elder Sessions and his good family leave for that distant land. I feel that I was giving another substantial contribution toward the success of the South African Mission, where I spent

more than three years and onehalf of hard work. If Elder Sessions had

remained here, of course I would have been released, but now that he is gone, I must wait for a successor. I felt that I had labored so long here

and in South Africa, that, as the opportunity came to do another good turn for that far off Mission, I accepted it gladly. It has brought me many pleasant thoughts since, and is a source of satisfaction to know that in a measure

one can help this great cause, be it ever so little.

President Grant in Los Angeles

President Heber J. Grant was a visitor at the Priesthood Meeting at Los

Angeles, Saturday, Jan. 8. He gave some invaluable instructions to the

missionaries and upon their invitation sang the songs, "Come go with me,"and "The Flag without a stain,"accompanied by Elder Van H. Grant. The

missionaries were blessed by his presence, and feel to voicetheir appreciation through the columns of the Era for his kind remembrance and gift to them at Christmas time. We wish him a joyous New Year, and pray that

the Lord's protection may be over him as he shall journey through the world. E. A. Lemon, Mission Secretary.

New Presidency for Long Beach On Sunday evening, Jan 9, Mission President Joseph W. McMurrin, and

Acting Conference President, Axel A. Madsen, met with the Saints at Long

Beach, and effected a reorganization of the branch presidency there. President Geo. M. Tonks was released, having removed from Long Beach because

of ill health. The new presidency appointed are: Bertram M. Jones, president, with Lars J. Larsen and Frank Hawkins as first and second counselors. Francis W. Hotaling was chosen to act as branch clerk. A splendid

spirit exists among the Saints, and the branch is in a thriving condition. All

seemed greatly pleased at the appointments made, and heartily voted to sustain the new presidency. E. A. Lemon, Mission Secretary.

In the University of Idaho The State University of Idaho is located in Moscow, where we have from forty to fortyfive members of the Church attending school. The

townspeople have become quite well acquainted with us on account of our boys attending the school. A Baptist minister, who is* at the head of the

Y. M. C. A. activity, has organized a committee to try and get students

to attend their own church denominations. He kindly asked us to send a

representative, to work on this committee, which we did in the person of

Brother F. L. Bolton, a returned missionary from Paris, Idaho. Will you

kindly 6end us the Improvement Era, our "BigLittle Magazine"? People

are treating us wonderfully in this little town, and we are beginning to think that we have not accomplished a good morning's tracting unless we get two or three invitations to call. Hoping that you may be able to send

our splendid messenger, the Improvement Era, to the University of Idaho,

Y. M. C. A. "Hut,"we remain, Sincerely yours, George G. Wood, William

H. Coivley, Missionaries.

s oLL(leh 2Sn SA(t ros v*'P 9 P >>?

1*1 IPS

ljC"ffir3m. rjaq Bj cwJ?g 3"2. w5*ET C4 a3,-

3fSSaft bB3 i. 3*

a 5 5"-

3 - 09u.?o o - O2

052.55.

O "3 E*Sf B = S3-s.g 01 2!* I 2

3 o 3 w 89? > - CD S 3 &- "ft 2tS3ft PS > h> i—ft—

B3 >-3 3 3 3'3- fto2 M ft nriCO wM2 n3n ft ftM a3 1 - 2.8 1 Ss?

a- 3 | jS

(XI ft < m. tr1 2* o3-3!>S3<

3 1 Mgo S 3

IPS"* 2-0 5 giro *5 Subscriptions for the Era It will be noted that quite a number of stakes have not more than half canvassed for the Era. While we are very grateful for the good work

done, we should be pleased to have the canvass finished. The subscriptions

may start at any time. We have no numbers back of February, except

a few for December. We should like more such energetic agents as Mr.

S. L. Smith, of the First ward, Benson stake, Lewiston, Utah, whose quota

was 43 subscriptions, and he has sent in to the office 68, 66 of which are paid up. We congratulate Brother Smith and commend his energy and

enthusiasm to those agents who are living in stakes where only half the families have been visited, as per efficiency report printed in this number of the Era.

How to Ask Questions There are particularly three kinds of questions: the "review'question, which is simply a going over the text to ascertain the memorypower of the pupils; the "fact"question, which must be answered from

the pupil's knowledge; and the "thought"question, which is so put that

it causes the pupil to think. Of course, the following are "direct"questions, that may be answered by "yes"or "no,"which kind are seldom

suitable for class work:

1. Do I call my students to recite in fixed order, according to alphabet, or seating, so that they are warned not to attend until their turn?

2. Do I name the pupil who is to answer before I put the question?

3. Do I ask direct or alternative questions which can be answered

without knowledge or thought?

4. Do I ask chiefly "fact"questions?

5. Do I ask leading or suggestive questions?

6. Do I repeat my questions?

7. Do I ask questions that can be answered by yes or no?

8. Do I answer my own questions?

9. Do I ask confusing, changed questions?

10. Do I ask fool questions that no one can answer?

11. Do my questions make pupils think?

12. Do my questions follow up answers and lead to new organization of

knowledge? 13. Do I repeat the pupil's answer?

14. Do my questions reach all the members of the class?

15. Do I make the recitation an inspiration, or do I pursue a slow

pupil and listen while pupils express themselves freely and naturally?

Missionary Dies in California Vernon C. Clayton, son of Mr. and Mrs. Christopher Clayton, Jr., of

Kaysville, Utah, born February 12, 1896, died in San Diego, Cal., February

8, 1921. Elder Clayton left on his misssion, May 28, 1919, and had done

good service in the field. Taken ill about seven weeks before his death, he

was removed to the San Diego hospital, where he died. His brother, Christopher B. Layton and his fiance, Miss Lola Smith of Centerville. were at

his bedside when the end came.

MUTUAL WORK 457 Y. M. M. I. A. EFFICIENCY REPORT, JANUARY, 1921

, S v bo o <"u -a. o o STAKE U J

:&h t. u u uC8 w >a"** Oh

[/tab Alpine 10 5 80 Bear River 10 5 85 Beaver 5 5 60 Benson 10 5 65 Box Elder 10 5 85 Cache 8-11 10 5 20 Deseret 10 10 10 10 80 Duchesne 10 10 5 10 60 Ensign 5 10 5 10 85 Franklin 10 10 10 10 85 Granite 5 5 10 5 70 Hyrum 10 5 10 5 75 Kanab 10 10 10 10 85 Liberty 5 5 5 5 70 Logan 10 10 5 5 65 Millard 5 10 5 10 55 Nebo 10 10 10 5 10 95 North Davis 7-8 5 5 5 5 5 5 45

North Sanpete 10 10 10 10 10 5 10 90

North Weber 5 10 5 5 10 5 10 75

Ogden 5 10 10 5 10 5 10 80 Panguitch 10 10 5 10 5 10 55 Parowan 5-9 10 10 5 5 5 5 50 Pioneer 10 10 10 10 10 5 10 85

Roosevelt 10 5 10 5 5 5 10 65 St. George 10 10 5 5 10 10 10 70

Salt Lake 5 5 10 5 10 5 10 75 San Juan 10 5 5 5 10 5 10 55 Sevier 10 10 5 5 10 5 10 75 South Davis 10 5 10 5 10 5 10 75

Summit 10 10 10 5 10 5 10 75 Tintic 10 10 10 5 10 10 10 85 Uintah 10 10 5 10 5 10 65 Wasatch 5 10 5 10 10 5 75 Weber 5 10 10 5 10 5 10 80 Idaho Bear Lake 10 5 10 10 5 10 60 Bingham 10 10 10 5 10 10 10 80

Blackfoot 10 10 5 10 5 10 60 Boise 10 10 10 10 10 10 5. 10 90

Cassia 10 10 10 5 10 5 5 10 85

Fremont 10 10 10 5 10 5 5 10 80

Idaho 10 10 10 5 5 5 5 10 70 Lost River 10 5 10 10 10 5 10 75

Malad 10 10 5 5 5 5 5 10 65 Montpelier 10 10 10 5 5 5 5 10 70

Oneida 10 10 10 5 10 5 5 10 80

Pocatello 5 5 5 5 10 10 10 10 75 458 IMPROVEMENT ERA

6 be rtat (J u STAKE o O o 2H v u ttao 8 n t/5 (1 Portneuf 10 10 10 5 10 65 Raft River 10 5 5 5 10 60 Rigby 1015 5 5 5 5 5 60 Shelley 7-8 10 10 10 10 5 80 Twin Falls 5 5 10 5 10 70 Yellowstone 10 10 10 5 10 85 Arizona Maricopa 10 5 10 10 10 90 St. Joseph 10 5 10 5 10 60

Wyoming Big Horn 10 10 10 5 10 75 Star Valley 5-11 10 5 10 10 10 5 60

Woodruff 5 10 5 5 10 55 Colorado San Luis 5 5 10 5 10 5 65 Young 3-5 10 10 10 5 10 60 Canada Alberta, 10 10 10 10 5 10 75 Taylor 10 10 10 5 10 5 70 Union (Ore.) 10 10 10 10 10 5 70

Stakes Classified as per Points

Nebo 95 Weber 80 Granite 70 Blackfoot 60

North Sanpete 90 Bingham 80 Liberty 70 Bear Lake....60

Boise 90 Fremont 80 St. George....70 Duchesne 60

Maricopa 90 Oneida 80 Idaho 70 Raft River.60

Bear River....85 SheUey 80 Montpelier...70 Rigby 60

Box Elder 85 Hyrum 75 Twin Falls...70 St. Joseph 60

Ensign 85 North Weber 75 Taylor 70 Star Valley...60

Franklin 85 Salt Lake 75 Union 70 Young 60

Kanab 85 Sevier 75 Benson 65 Millard 55

Pioneer 85 South Davis 75 Logan 65 Panguitch 55

Tintic 85 Summit 75 Portneuf 65 San Juan 55

Cassia 85 Wasatch 75 Roosevelt 65 Woodruff 55

Yellowstone..85 Alberta 75 Uintah 65 Parowan 50

Alpine 80 Lost River....75 Malad 65 North Davis.45

Deseret 80 Pocatello 75 San Luis 65 Cache 20

Ogden 80 Big Horn 75 Beaver 60

Not Heard From Bannock St. Johns Cottonwood South Sanpete

Blaine Snowflake Emery Tooele Burley Moapa Jordan Utah Curlew Fuarez Juab Wayne Teton Carbon Morgan

Comments The Cache stake secretary says his report in no way represents the work done, because three out of the eight wards did not report. The

five reporting were none below 85 percent.

MUTUAL WORK 459 The efficiency report from the Logan stake, while it shows only 65 points, averages over 90 percent efficient. The report contains the last

signature of our departed friend and brother, Stake Superintendent George

B. Hendricks, who died, February 3, 1921, in his 40th year, having been

born November 25, 1881.

The Bingham stake reports 80 points, with three wards perfect; one,

95, and none of the other wards under 80. One ward did not report'. e

suggest to superintendents that where wards do not report, some'stak?

official be immediately sent to the ward to stimulate action. The Yellowstone stake reports, for January, the Parker ward perfect in efficiency,

having 10 in every division. The Tintic stake reported 90 for December

too late for publication in the February number. They had held enthusiastic meetings against tobacco and had extensively distributed buttons containing the slogan of the M. I. A., "We stand for the nonuse

and nonsale of tobacco."The Blaine stake reported for December, too

late for the February number, with 70 points. The Teton stake, likewise,

with 40 points. Big Horn, with 65 points, also Juab, with 65 points, all for

December.

Stake officials will please secure the reports for February by the 5th of March. Please brush up on time, brethren. Do not let the last months

of the season lag; keep up the interest until June. We print in this

number the beginning of some most interesting lessons for Part 2, for students of the "Problems of Life,"or by he whole Association, in class, if so desired. Let us keep up the interest until the close of May, and

have the reports promptly on hand at the appointed time, each month, so that we may have a clear record of the actual work of the Association for the season.

Summit Stake Y. M. M. I. A.

Superintendent Robert A. Hillier, of Hoytsville, Summit stake, Utah,

writes encouraging words of the Y. M. M. I. A. in that stake: "We are

still on our way to the top, having gained 15 more points giving us now 75 points. Special work was taken up on the Scout Work and the result is that several of the wards have troops to register. The Fund is the

next, and all our efforts are this month for the raising of the Fund. We

probably will not get this till the end of the month, but you can rest assured that Summit stake will have theirs in along with the others.

"The slogan was taken up with stress last month, and we are also after it again this month. Placards have been printed and are up before the people's eyes everywhere throughout the stake. Merchants have

been visited and tobacco advertisements are rapidly disappearing from the stores and buildings throughout the stake. Special meetings have been

held in practically every Mutual to abandon tobacco and both 'Mormons'and non-'Mormons'alike are strong for the nonuse and nonsale of the weed. "Am enclosing herewith a pamphlet that we are using in the stake for Community Singing. This paper contains about onefourth of the

songs that have already been made up by people residing in this stake

Nonmembers also have contributed, and in all cases these composers have become active workers in the M. I. A., where before they took no

part whatever in our work. You will notice that our slogan is printed

at the top of the pamphlet and by this means, in connection with the placards on the wall of every meetinghouse in the stake, the people have learned the slogan so well that anybody, young and old can repeat it any time. In many cases, smokers have given up their habit.

"Every ward in the stake gave a Special Activity event last month.

Our membership and class work are splendid."

460 IMPROVEMENT ERA

ScoutInstitute, and MidSeason M. I. A. Convention, Fremont

Stake

A threeday institute for scout masters and prospective scout masters was held in Rexburg, Idaho, January 2830. Dr. John H. Taylor, Church Scout

Commissioner, conducted the work. About 40 men participated in the

scoutcraft exercises and preparatory training for ward leaders. At the

close of the Course a scout rally was held with about 200 boys in attendance. Oscar A. Kirkham, Utah Scout Commissioner, and Y. M. M. I. A.

Executive Director, related many incidents and experiences of his famous trip to London with the Boy Scouts of America. He inspired the boys for

scouting, so that they haven't quit talking about it yet. With such a start

with the boys, and with trained leaders to "keep the ball rolling,"we feel confident that scouting in this stake will take on a new impetus. We have

six registered troops at present, and hope to have a troop in every ward before long.

On Sunday following the Scout Institute, a MidSeason M. I. A. Convention was held, with Oscar A. Kirkham and Dr. John H. Taylor of the

Y. M. M. I. A. General Board in attendance. Many helpful suggestions

and words of encouragement were given. All in all, we feel that the institute and convention each was a great success. We appreciate, especially,

the help of the visiting brethren, in putting scout work to the front in

Fremont Stake. Dilworth Walker, Stake Secretary.

Books

The Y. M. M. I. A. Boy Scout Bulletin, has just been issued. In it are

fortyfive pages of instruction to scout leaders, on leadership, how to organize scout work, examinations, scout standards and requirements, ceremonies, courtesies, salutes, yells, and a variety of other instruction on what scout work is and how it should be conducted in connection with the Y.

M M. I. A. It will be especially helpful to officers who contemplate the

organization of troops in their associations, as it gives all needed directions in this line. The General Superintendency, in the opening announcement,

say, "It is our wish that a boy scout organization be effected and maintained in every Mutual Improvement Association in the Church, in order that every lad of scouting age may have this advantage of scout training."'

Price 15c, order from General Secretary, Y. M. M. I. A., 67 East South

Temple Street, Salt Lake City, Utah.

The House of the Lord in Hawaii

The Era is in receipt of a beautiful brochure of forty pages giving a description of the Hawaiian temple of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, erected at Laie, Oahu, Territory of Hawaii. It contains also a

statement concerning the purposes for which the temple was built. It is

written by Elder D. M. McAllister, temple recorder, whose experience in

temple work is exceeded by no living person. The little book, which is

richly illustrated with pictures of the temple, will be of great value in informing visitors, other enquirers and our own young people, as to the temple and its purposes and ordinances.

Resistance to the enactment of a stringent Sunday Idw, as "antiJewish as well as antiAmerican,"was urged, at the ninth annual meeting of the

United Synagogue of America, held in New York, January 16. The president of the organization is Dr. E. L. Solomon.

The total number of unemployed in the country was estimated, January 25, at 3,500,000. The total for the district embracing Montana, Idaho,

Wyoming, Colorado, New Mexico, Arizona, Utah and Nevada, was only 23,714. Of these Salt Lake City had 2,000 and Ogden 1,000.

The sixtieth anniversary of their wedding was celebrated by George

Washington Baker, Sr., builder of the first dwelling house in Cache valley,

and Agnes Richard Baker, at Mendon, Cache county, January 18. Mr.

Baker is 84 and his wife is 78. They are the parents of eleven children,

ten of whom are living.

A large part of the downtown business district of Athens, Georgia, was a mass of smoldering ruins January 25, and it was estimated that the fire which, early in the morning, swept clean three city blocks and damaged adjoining buildings, had destroyed property valued at least at $4,000,000.

No loss of life was reported.

The fiftysixth annual convention of the National Woolgrowers'association came to an end, January 19, with the reelection of Frank J. Hagenbarth of Salt Lake as president, the adoption of many resolutions affecting the wool and sheep industry and the pledging of organized efforts to

further a program of progress during the current year.

Miss Astrid Ott, a Danish girl scout who is traveling around the world, arrived in Salt Lake, January 14. On the trip she is taking, a special study

is being made of the educational systems of the countries through which she is passing, and also of scouting. She is the author of several books for

children and a correspondent of the Berlingske Tidende.

It grows grass and kills weeds at the same time. This is claimed for

Ammonium sulphate, in an announcement published February 7 by the experiment station of Rhode Island state college. "By using ammonium sulphate,"we are told, "the required amount of nitrogen is furnished and

the soil kept in the acid condition under which the grass develops best, but the weeds are so weakened that they are crowded out."

Prince Peter Alexeivitch Kropotkin, Russian geographer, author ant!

revolutionary leader, is dead in Moscow, says a London dispatch of January 29. He was a noted anarchist who spent a large part of his life in

exile. At the time of the assassination of Alexander II of Russia, in 1881,

he was expelled from Switzerland. In 1917 he was invited to join the

Kerensky cabinet.

Transfer of the body of an unidentified American soldier from France to the Arlington national cemetery was urged by General John J. Pershing

before the house military affairs commitee on Feb. 1. Memorial day was

suggested as an appropriate occasion for the interment. The commitee

was considering a bill by Representative Hamilton Fish, Jr., of New

York, for that purpose.

462 IMPROVEMENT ERA

As one result of the war, Germany has "gone back"in the matter of population more than fifteen years. Census figures published January 20

show a total of 62.282,602 inhabitants—more than 350,000 below the total

of 1905. The number of heads of cattle has dwindled from 65,000,000 in

1/910 to 16,500,000 in 1920. Of goats there are one million more now

than there were before the war.

Bishop John Wells, of the presiding bishopric, arrived in Atlanta,

Georgia, December 6, where he gave the missionaries many helpful suggestions regarding the keeping of records and other mission office work.

On December 11 and 12, in company with President Callis, he attended the Georgia conference at Augusta. Bishop Wells also visited the offices

of the Eastern, Northern and Central States missions.

An anticigaret bill was introduced in the senate of the Utah legislature, January 19, by Senator Edward Southwick, of Utah county. The

bill makes it unlawful to sell cigarets and cigafet papers; to advertise

cigarets and cigaret papers; to permit any minors to smoke in certain

places of business; for any person to smoke in certain enclosed public

places. The bill was passed by the senate, February 3, by a vote of fourteen to three.

. Penrose's 89th birthday anniversary was observed President Charles W

January 3, by a family reunion at the home of his daughter, Mrs. Clark

L. Whitney. In the evening there was an appropriate program of music

and recitations, an outstanding feature of which was the rendition of songs written by President Penrose and his own account of the circumstances that suggested them. The Era joins with his thousands of fiiends in congratulations and wellwishes.

Dr. A. S. Condon, of Ogden, died in his home, that city, January 17. He

was a native of Maine, and came to Ogden in 1874 as surgeon for the

Union Pacific Railroad company's employees. He was a member from

Weber county in the first legislature following the granting of statehood to Utah. He was the author of several poems. He was a member of the

DixLogan post of the Grand Army of the Republic, and a member of the

Weber County Medical society.

Sevier Stake was divided into three, Sunday, Jan. 30. The new stakes

were Called North and South Sevier, respectively. North Sevier stake contains the following wards: Redmond, Salina first and second, Aurora,

Vermilion and Sigurd, 2,632 members, in all. South Sevier has Inverury,

Monroe north and south wards, Elsinore, Joseph, Sevier, Marysvale, and

Anabella, with 2,819 members. Sevier stake retains Richfield first, second, and third wards, Glenwood, Koosharem, Venice, and Burrville Green,

with 3,613 members.

Presidentelect Harding has received appeals from antitobacco organizations to abstain from smoking. Lucy Page Gaston, Topeka, Kansas,

representing the National Anticigaret league, announced January 16, that she had received a reply from Mr. Harding in which he said: "I think

it is fine to save the youth from the tobacco habit. I think, however, the

movement ought to be carried on in perfect good faith and should be free from any kind of hypocrisy or deceit on the part of those who are giving it their earnest attention."

John Nathaniel Henrie, 44 years of age, president of the Panguitch stake of the Church for four years, died at his home in Panguitch city,

February 3, of pneumonia after an illness of four days. President Henrie

was born in Panguitch, September 10, 1876, son of James and Christine S.

Henrie. In October, 1897, he was married to Emma Lee, who died in DePASSING EVENTS 463

cember, 1914, leaving seven children. In November, 1915, President Henrie

again married, his wife being Hazel Barton. To this union three children were born, two of whom survive.

The Lehi sugar factory finished slicing beets January 20. During the

111 days of the campaign the mill cut 110,000 tons of beets, averaging about 1000 tons per day. About 40,000 tons were shipped from Salt Lake, Boxelder and Wasatch counties. The tonnage per acre is said to have been above

the average of former years, and the price paid the farmers, $12 per ton, is the highest ever paid in the state. The saccharine content has also been

most satisfactory, so, taken all in all, the past year has, it is thought, been a record year for the quantity of sugar produced per acre.

Lieutenant Warren H. Langdon, chief engineer of the U. S. S. Albany,

on duty in eastern Asia, was shot by a Japanese sentry in Vladivostok one day in the early part of January and died a few days later. His Russian

wife was reported to h ve committed suicide when she learned of his tragic end. The Japanese authorities immediately expressed regret over the incident and notes between the Washington and Tokio governments over the

matter were exchanged while Admiral Gleaves, commander in chief of the

American Asiatic fleet, was speeding to Vladivostok with a court of inquiry to investigate the shooting.

The Russian government, January 18, informed the allied council that the territorial limits of Russian waters had been extended from three to twelve miles and that the Russians were reserving the right to sink armed ships penetrating this limit either by mines or by land batteries. The announcement came by radio and was intercepted by the Eiffel Tower station, Paris. The message carried the name of the Russian minister of

foreign affairs, Tchitcherin. Allied naval circles interpret this move to

mean that soviet Russia intends to complete preparations for a gigantic spring offensive in absolute secrecy.

Edgar A. Guest, the "poet of cheer,"entertained students at the L. D.

S. university, December 18, with his cheerful philosophy. His talk was full

of humorous stories, bits of poems, and pleasing comment on life. Through

the courtesy of President Heber J. Grant, v/hose guest the poet was while

in Salt Lake, Mr. Guest was given the use of the Assembly Hall for a free

lecture. He also spoke to the Rotary Club. In company with President

Heber J. Grant, Superintendent Adam Bennion and others, he visited

Provo and addressed the students of the B. Y. U. He paid a pleasant visit

to the editorial rooms of the Improvement Era.

An enormous war indemnity will be exacted of Germany, according to a decision by the supreme council of the Allies, at Paris, January 29. Thai

country will be required to pay 296 billion marks. The 'payments are to

be made as follows: Two annuities of two billion marks; three annuities

of three billion marks; three of four billion, three of five, and 31 of six

billion marks. In addition the Allies will collect 12 percent of the value

of all German exports for the time during which the annuities are to be paid. The German press considers the terms "impossible,"and even the

Manchester Guardian, characterizes them as "folly."

The election of Warren G. Harding as president, and Calvin Coolidge

as vice president of the United States was formally declared, Feb. 9, at

a joint session of the senate and the house of representatives. The formal

vote wa s404 for Harding and Coolidge, and 127 for James M. Cox and

Franklin D. Roosevelt. Mrs. Margaret Lewis Judd, who was to have

carried the electorial vote of Utah to Washington, failed to do so, owing 464 IMPROVEMENT ERA

to misunderstanding as to the time when she was required to be there, but the vote was nevertheless cast as intended, a copy of the certificate having been sent to Vice President Marshall by mail.

At a congress held at Paris of representatives of Russian antiBolshe- vists, a Constituent Assembly was formed. On February 1 it was reported that this Assembly was about to apply to the French, British and

American governments for recognition as the de jure government of Russia.

It is stated that thirtythree members of the Constituent Assembly were elected by popular vote in Russia, in 1917, but that they were compelled to seek safety in flight when Lenine annulled the vote and assumed control of the government. As a precedent the fact is referred to that the Allies

recognized the Serbian government set up in the island of Corfu, while the entire country was occupied by the central powers.

Detective G. B. Hamby was killed instantly, and Chief of Police Joseph

E. Burbidge was slightly wounded, February 8, in a fight with one Tom

Burns at the Nord hotel, Salt Lake City. Burns was mortally wounded by

the Chief and Detective Clifford Patten, and expired shortly afterwards.

He was one of a gang of desperadoes who had planned a daring robbery.

Three of them were taken into custody, when the police were notified of the intended crime, but Burns made his escape, in true moving picture style, over the tops of the buildings, and finally took refuge in the house where he was killed. Detective Hamby is the sixth officer of the Salt Lake

police force murdered while performing his duty, since August 23, 1883, when Marshall Andrew J. Burt was slain by a negro.

Public welcome was given by the Jews in Jerusalem, to Sir Alfred

Mond, English financier, and Professor Chaim Weizmann, the noted English

Zionist, says a London dispatch dated January 20. In acknowledging the

greeting, Sir Alfred declared that Palestine held great possibilities. There

now was no power on earth, he said, which could hinder the Jews from building there a national home. Sir Alfred emphasized that Palestine

had ample room for a Jewish home, as well as an Arabian commonwealth.

The difficulties, he added, were relatively small, and men of vast influence, wealth and experience in state building were coming to the assistance of the Jews. Another dispatch states that a milliondollar corporation at

Pittsburg to develop industrial lines in Palestine is being organized by members of the Zionists organization. The industries to be developed include glass, foundries, limestone, brick and machinery.

John C. Sharp, former bishop of Vernon and prominent in business

circles in Salt Lake City, died January 30, in his home in this city, 70 years old. He was born on the banks of the Kaw river, Nebraska, while

his parents, Joseph and Janet Condie Sharp, were traveling towards Utah.

They arrived in Salt Lake, August 28, 1850, and then moved to Vernon,

Tooele county. On June 24, 1877, he was ordained a high priest by

Lorenzo Snow and set apart as bishop of the Vernon ward. Prior to that

he had been acting as presiding elder at Vernon, having been set apart to this position by Orson Pratt, December 4, 1875. For 15 years he was

superintendent of Sunday schools in Vernon. In 1890, he moved to Salt

Lake and became a resident of the Twentieth ward. When Ensign stake

was organized April 1, 1904, he was chosen as an alternate member of the

High Council and later became a regular member.

Dr. John Ward Christian, "the grand old man"of southern Utah, died

at his home at Beaver, January 9, at the age of 99 years. He was born on

a plantation near Purdy, in McNairy county, Tennessee, February 7, 1822, and was truly "a gentleman of the old school."His grandfather, Jens

Peter Christian, came from the Isle of Man about the year 1750, and

PASSING EVENTS 465

settled in Georgia, where Dr. Christian's father, Yancey Presley Christian

was bora. His mother, Sara Barbara Wylwyte, was born in Marseilles'

France, and came to America in 1799, at the age of 18 years. Dr. Christian's

early education Was under the direction of the Catholic fathers. Later he

attended the Pennsylvania State university, now Jefferson college, and he was graduated as an M. D. in 1844. He then went to New Orleans, where

he practiced mjedicine until 1854, when he moved to California, remaining there until the year 1858, when he came to Beaver, where he had since been identified with every forward movement, serving the community in various public capacities. He was a lawyer as well as a doctor, and for

many years was more or less active in both the practice of medicine and law.

An ultimatum was issued by Lenine to the Socialists of the world, some time ago. He gave them "twentyone conditions"to which they must

subscribe before, they can be received into the Third of Communist International of Moscow. Among these conditions were these: "They must

purge themselves of all moderates, defy all national laws, undermine armies, gain control of the press, throw off the allied "yoke,"promote a world economic crisis, condemn any league of nations, aid the soviet government and abandon for the blood and fire of "red revolution all conservative social democratic programs."Answers to this ultimatum from many

countries were published January 23. In the United States the national

executive committee of the socialist party refused to recommend affiliation.

Also in the following countries the Socialists returned negative answers:

Italy, Germany, Switzerland, Argentina, the Scandinavian countries as represented in a congress at Copenhagen; Belgium, Austria, and the Baltic

states. Favorable replies were given by the socialists in France, Spain,

Chile, Sweden, Norway and Mexico, and those in Holland deferred action.

In most of these countries, however, the opinions were divided, and in many of them the party was split up into two or more factions.

George Harrison, of Springville (popularly known as "beefsteak"Harrison) passed away at his home, February 2. He was born "at Manchester,

England, August 24, 1841, and came to this country, with his parents, in 1856. The members of the family began the trip across the plains from

the Missouri river in the handcart company of Martin and Taylor. In the

vicinity of Laramie, Wyo., provisions had run so short that some of the

members, including Mr. Harrison, who was a boy of 15 years, were in actual

want of sufficient food. The boy is said to have wandered away from the

handcart company and made his way to a Sioux Indian camp, where he was welcomed and fed. The squaws, who called him "White Skeleton,"

gave him such a bounteous supply of meat that he fell sick and when his father found him at the camp he was unable to travel. Consequently, he

remained behind, learning the Sioux language until he could speak it fluently, and becoming a great favorite with the Indians. In 1858 Mr. Harrison came to Springville and entered the hotel business. His hotel had

been known all over the west for more than forty years because of its reputation for serving bounteous meals and the sobriquet, "Beefsteak, was earned by Mr. Harrison through the manner in which steaks were

served.

Baptized by the Prophet—George Smith Rust has just passed his eightyseventh birthday, January 23, a month after that of the Prophet Joseph

Smith. He has the distinction of having been baptised by the Prophet in

the Mississippi river. His birthplace was in the same state as that of the

Prophet—the state of Vermont. Recently, Mr. Rust and his wife, Eliza

Brown Rust, who is 83 years of age and a Pennsylvanian by birth, cele466 IMPROVEMENT ERA

brated their 65th wedding anniversary at Manti, Utah, where they have made their home for the past 20 years. All of the seven children were

present: George B., Orion A., LeRoy W., came over from the Uinta

Basin; William S. and David D. came up from Kanab; Julia (Jeffery)

came down from Canada and Laura (Beal) from Salt Lake. The aged

couple are lively and full of good cheer—much younger than their ages

might indicate. They are working in the Manti temple for their long lists

of ancestors. They have been engaged constantly at this work for nearly

twenty years, and more than 5,000 of their dead kindred have been blessed by their labors. George S. Rust was a Pioneer of '47 and took part in

all the trying experiences of the settlement of Utah. He was prominent in

the development of the Tintic mines and was the discoverer of the Eureka

Hill and the Mammoth—two of the richest mines in the district. He was

for years a leading resident of Payson. He was engaged in the Indian Wars

of the early settlement of the state for which service he now receives a pension from the government. He was one of the last to see the Prophet

as he was driven away from Nauvoo to Carthage jail. Faithful always to

the callings of the Church, he has been on two missions, and held many positions of trust. In his last years he regards with pride his position as

"guard of the temple."

Worldwide Revolutionary Propaganda. According to a Paris dispatch

dated February 14, this year, documents have been seized in that city containing plans for the overthrow of the governments of France, Spain and

Italy. Two members of the chamber of deputies are said to be involved in

the plot. Soviets, it is claimed, have been organized in France, with Brest

as headquarters. Funds were transmitted through an American financial

organization with its European headquarters in Paris and branches in Berlin and Vienna. It would appear from this, and from reports of revolutionary movements elsewhere, that the Bolshevist propaganda is, broadly

speaking, worldwide. But it is more particularly in evidence in Asia, and

the inference is that an organized effort is being made to marshal the unnumbered millions of Asia against the western world; should these effortssucceed, we might well look for the battle of Armageddon—"the battle of

that great day of God Almighty."(Rev. 16:1416.) During the summer of

1920, the communist organization, known as the Third International, decided to call a special congress of the representatives of various revolutionary elements in Asia, in order to consolidate them under a common leadership. The congress was held in September, 1920, at Baku, by representatives of no less than twenty nationalities. There were delegates from

Turkey, China, Turkestan, Hindustan, Daghestan, Khiva, Bokhara, Armenia,

Persia, Afghanistan, Georgia, and Azerbaijan. Two definite actions were

taken at this congress. (1) The delegates pledged themselves to fight the

capitalism of the world. (2) A council was organized for propaganda in

Asia.

The Baku congress has already borne fruit. In China the Anfu government has been overthrown and a regime set up, behind which stands

Gen. WuPei-Fu, who is supposed to be friendly to soviet Russia. In

Afghanistan, Enver Pasha, the former Turkish tool of Emperor William, is at the head of 200,000 soldiers armed and equipped by Russia. His mission is to fight European influence in Asia and to organize the malcontents

of India, Persia, and other countries into soviet armies. At the same time

a "holy war"is being preached all through the near east and India. Such are,

as near as can be judged from published reports, the aims and activities of the Bolshevist leaders of the Russian government. The signs of the times

are portentous and cannot but attract the attention of all intelligent ob-

W. D. Morrill, of Spokane, Washington, writes: "We welcome the Era each

month. It is an invaluable asset to our missionary work."

The April number of the Era will be a Scout number, and will consist of stories and instructions that will interest Boy Scouts everywhere. In case extra copies are

desired, orders for them should be sent to the General Office immediately. Every

Boy Scout will desire to read this number of the Improvement Era. Animal, achievement and adventure stories, a variety of pictures, and other entertaining matter relating to the great outof-doors and scouting will delight, instruct and entertain the

reader.

Improvement Era, March, 1921 Two Dollars per Annum Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as second class matter

Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in Section 1103, Act of

October 3, 1917, authorized on July 2, 1918

Address, Room 406 Church Office Building, Salt Lake City, Utah

FTeber J. Grant, ) Edward H. Anderson, Business Mgr.

Edward H. Anderson, S Edltors Moroni Snow, Assistant

The Fall and the Redemption Elder Orson F. Whitney 373

The Cigarette Smoker Elbert Hubbard 390

The Yellow Peril. A Story Orville S. Johnson 391

Utah Land. A Poem Joseph Longking Townsend... 397

An Effective Diary. A Story...William Henry Peterson 398

Peace Through the Gospel of Christ Elder David O. McKay 404

The M. I. A. A Poem.. Jane McJackson 406

Tact and Kind Words Dr. Franklin L. West 407

A Poet's Testimony A. A. Ramseyer 410

Vital Problems of Life Dr. George H. Brimhall 411

Silver Star. A Poem Ezra J. Poulsen 419

Poor Land vs. Land Poor Prof. George H. Maughn 420

An Appreciation C. Saxenmeyer 421

The Crucifixion. A Poem Lydia D. Alder 422

The Work of the Business Organizer W. S. Wanlass, Ph. D 423

Some Day! Somewhere! A Poem

Seeing Too Much. A Poem T. McClure Peters 430

The Martyrs. A Sacred Historic Cantata Evan Stephens 431

The Tale of the Cocoanut. Illustrated John Q. Adams 437

Taylor stake Choral Society A Remarkable Experience Marie Fowler 442

The Chinese Realm Dedicated for the Preaching of the Gospel. Illustrated Hugh J. Cannon 443

Editors'Table—By Whom Faith Should Be Taught - **!

Messages from the Missions Mutual Work '461. - DPassing Events

iiiMim

America's Most Distinguished Material

For Memorials

"Used in such famous memorials as, the Joseph Smith at

Sharon, Vermont; the Hyrum Smith at Salt Lake City; the

Philip D. Armour at Chicago; the "Uncle Joe"Cannon

Family memorial at Danville, 111.; the U. S. Senator Gordon at Los Angeles, Cal.; and thousands of others.

"See your dealer for further information, or write for free booklet, "The Rock of Ages."

Boutwell, Milne & Varnum Company,

Dept. 0., Montpelier, Vermont.

"QUARRIES AT BARRE, VT.,

THE GRANITE CENTER OF THE WORLD"

r.; h i; r 1 1 1 i,;, [;::,, i;- 1: i; i; i; i i m; i: i. i! i,::,!: 1 1, i; i: i. i, i. i::,;: i: iux.;;:: i. i,:, i: i;:,: '; i!:,,: j,, i j j i i;, i, 1 1 1 1; i m; i,; i i:,;; j!; i,: i h k;, m i, i, i. i jj, j 1 1. i; u u J; u i u I liUHJU*

Read the Church Works

Every family should have access to all the Church

Works. No volumes should have a more welcome

place in the home library.

Encourage your children to search the scriptures, by making the sacred volumes always available.

We can provide you with all the Church Works, in a desirable variety of sizes, prices and bindings.

Write for catalog.

Deseret Book Company 44 East South Temple

iiiiiiiiimiimiiiiiiiilliliililiiiiii iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiHiiiiiiimiimiiiiiiiiiiMHiiiMiiiiig

1 I SCIENCEAND The Sun Shines! 1=I THEmminnmmiraMmiinuniiinnnniHnniiiiiiiRiiiinimuinHiiiaMGOSPEL The Sun shines on your property today, but tomorrow it may The new Senior

Manual for the shine on the ruins. Have you the protection that

Y. M. M. I. A. will enable you to build again?

| A. book besides for General j We are ready to write a policy

j Reading. It shouldv be in that will protect you against

1 every library in the land. money loss by fire and wiH as-

Paper cover, postpaid sure you of prompt payment of 3 all claims.

1;,!! 50c Utah Home Fire Send your order now to

Insurance Co.

Improvement Era HEBERJ. GRANT & CO.

67 East South Temple Street General Agents

Salt Lake City, Utah 22 Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah

ainiiiiuiiiiiuinuiiiiuiiiiiiiiiiiHiimnaiiuiumiiiuii'iiimimiiiiiiiiiuiwiiiiiiiiB

WHEN WR1JXXQ TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MMVTIOM TUB IMPROVEMENT ERA

ASSETS MORE LIFE INSURANCE PROTECTS YOUR FAMILY IF YOU DIE THAN TWO and

PROTECTS YOU IF YOU LIVE ONEHALF

Ask about our plan which helps you to accumulate MILLION an estate at the same time you are protecting jour family. D OLLARS

We want good agent* in every town

Beneficial Life Insurance Company

Heber J. Grant, Pre. Vermont Bldg Salt Lake Lorenzo N. Stohl, V.-Pres. & Mgr.

J""""1 """"""I """"""""""""liimimmi MiiiiiiiMMiiiiiiiiiiimmi iiimiiiiiiiiiiiimiiiimiii ii.iiimimiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiim lHtl

UNION DAYLIGHT

MADE FACTORY

"NEVERR1P"BRANDS OVERALLS, MECHANIC SUITS, KHAKI PANTS AND COATS, "ALLOVERS"FOR KIDDIES, RIDING AND HIKING PANTS, "MADERITE"WORK SHIRTS. ASK YOUR DEALER FOR THEM

JOHN SCOWCROFT & SONS CO.

Manufacturers and Wholesalers Ogden, Utah, Since 1880 Branches at Price, Utah, and Idaho Falls, Idaho

niiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuiuimiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiuiiiiiiiuiiiiiiiiiiiiiii iniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii in iiniiiiiiiii imiiiiiiii iiiiiniiiiiil

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA