OCTOBER 1955 Above all,

Pabco stands for

color. You

get the widest

choice of colors

in roofing—lots

of new colors

in paint, too.

Inside and

outside the

house, Pabco

colors are

always right

for your home,

because

they're right

for each other.LOOK AMBAD

That's how WITH Pabco makes

your home Pabco the smartest For Color mA house on L the street. \k

Look for Pabco IkElk.

< paint, roofing,

siding, where

you see this

emblem. 1k Bk.

R2 u F#r -*-'Jr S idV f'AiiCO PRODUCCi ItAt 47*j BRANNAN SffiEl 1 SAN BANClSCO. CALIFORNIA

by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

InantEnglandhad to aboutpay a1300fine A.D.if he thesentpeashis

son to grammar school or university because the manor lost a laborer, hence the landlord had to be compensated. At

the elementary school the first book was a horn book, made of parchment protected by a transparent layer of horn, on which were written the alphabet, the

Lord's prayer, and one or two other elementary things.

InStatesthe Forestfifty yearsServicesincewastheorganized,United the American forestry profession has had 15,000 men obtain degrees from technical schools. The Society of American

Foresters has over 10,000 members.

Fofessor Delbert A. Greenwood of the

Utah State Agricultural College has demonstrated on 1500 animals that if slaughter cattle are fed a pound of sugar daily on top of regular food the last three days of their life, the carcasses will average six pounds heavier. Similar

results have been found in calves, sheep, swine, chickens, and turkeys.

Screwworm flies lay eggs in cuts and scratches in animals'bodies. When

the eggs hatch into larvae, they cause discomfort to the animals and financial loss to the owners of the animals. In

the course of research for chemicals to control the flies, 100 generations were reared artificially on a synthetic diet.

When released after 100 generations away from animals, the flies started buzzing around animals looking for a place to lay eggs.

A studyat La ofJolla,the rateCalifornia,of wear ofhasseafoundcliffs that it takes about 600 years to weather the sandstone cliffs one foot, by action of weathering and erosion.

Oueen Shubad's tiny filigree vanity case, shaped like a shell, the size of a man's little finger, contained a metal stick for training the cuticle, a pair of dainty tweezers for shaping the eyebrows, and a small spoon probably for scooping rouge. Queen Shubad lived in

ancient Ur (of the Chaldees), Iraq, 5,000 years ago. PURITY BISCUIT CO. SALT LAKE PHOENIX POCATELLO

OCTOBER 1955 689 A New Pattern of Influence

by Dr. Q. Homer Durham

VICE PRESIDENT, UNIVERSITY OF UTAH

A greatUnitedchangeStates. is Thetakingcustody,place insuperthe presidentialCalifornia's influencenominatingwas decisiveconventions.in theNEAT vision, and leadership of what we call Republican convention. Led by Gover-

... because he's a "the American way of life"is shifting nor Earl Warren, California held the

to the Western States. The 1956 elecbalance of power between the Taft and

professionalpainter tionsof Californiawill bring intoand focusTexas.the newGovernorpower theforniaEisenhowerswung to Eisenhower,forces. Whenthe Calishow

Goodwin Knight of California and Govwas over. California's new role in

ernor Allen Shivers of Texas are curAmerica then was demonstrated by the rently receiving public notice of their selection of Senator Richard Nixon as new political importance. But the change "Ike's"Vice President. Later, Governor

is more than political. It is demoWarren received the highest prize congraphic, economic, and social. There is ferrable by the Presidency when Presipotential to lift American life to differdent Eisenhower named him Chief

ent levels of outlook, status, and behavJustice of the United States. That Chief

ior. It is a product of the influence of Justice Warren could be a oneterm

new patterns of living in an arc of Eisenhower successor was clear by 1954 twelve western states.—again an indication of

This arc swings from the new position of the northwest to southwest, West and California. But

from the Pacific Coast with a worthy regard for and the fortyninth par- p \ the judiciary, Chief Jusallel to Texas and the tice Warren removed

Gulf of Mexico. This is himself from the presithe fastestgrowing area dential picture. Immein the American Union, diately the lines of politiled in percentage of popcal force (Republican)

ulation increase 194050 regrouped themselves by California's 53.3 percent Totaling around California, this time around the

10,586,223 in the 1950 census, California three most visual objects on that politistood second only to New York's 14,830,- cal magnet—Vice President Nixon,

192. But New York in the same decade Senator Knowland, and Governor

grew only 10.0 percent. It is possible Knight. That magnet will continue to

that the 1960 census may show Caliattract and determine political lines of

I EAT is the word for any painting job fornia as the most populous state in force. doneK by your professional Painting Conthe Union. Washington, at the northAll the foregoing is the surface aspect

tractor. He makes it his business to carewest tip of this new arc of American of a great shift inside America. From

fully shrubbery protect—andyourwithoutfurnishings,annoyingfloorsfuss oror influence, showed 37 percent population the beginning down to around 1824,

bother. growth. Texas, at the southwest, reached the United States was dominated by the

He has the tools and equipment neces- 7,711,194 in 1950, with 20.2 percent, Atlantic seaboard. Philadelphia was

sary to do a fast, thorough job on any while Arizona's rate was near Calithe most central, cultural capital, with painting problem you may have—inside fornia's with 50.1 percent. Boston and New York to the north and

or outside your home. Baltimore and Charleston to the south.

assures long experience And his you of Population Table 194050—The Twelve From 1824 to 1860, the new "west"and results beautiful that will give complete and lasting satisfaction. For names of Western States "south"—Ohio, Tennessee, Kentucky,

reliable Painting Contractors, call your Missouri, Alabama, Louisiana, Texas

Fuller Paint Dealer. State 1950 Census Increase made their impact on the old seats of

Washington 2,378,963 37.0% power. New York developed the best

Oregon 1,521,341 39.6 communications with the "new west"

njuer waterFULLER California 10,586,223 53.3 (by means of the Erie Canal—Great Idaho 588,657 12.1 Lakes—Ohio River—Mississippi

POINTS Nevada 160,083 45.2 ways)lation center.and rose Presidentsto be the nation'sof the UnitedpopuUtah 688,862 25.2 States, in the main, came from eitherPAINTS Arizona 749,587 50.1 New York or Ohio (typifying this

W. P. Fuller & Co. Montana 591,024 5.6 power) for the next century. Lincoln's

Illinois in 1860 only from to ask sure Be Painting your Contractor to Wyoming 290,529 15.9 election

latex Fuller wall economic, use the geographic, and cemented paint and woodwork—FULCOLOR. Colorado 1,325,089 18.0 cultural alliance centering at New York.

to, He'll glad because be FULCOLOR goes 681,187 28.1 Mexico New pattern is emergtoday But a brand new evenly, easily. It smoothly, has on no "painty"

as ing. too 20.2 Texas, considered long 7,711,194 Texas so odor, reoccupy a can you only room one

hour after he's finished. Choose your favorite "southern,"is actually more western in

paint colors from the famous Fuller Jewel The political influence of this new attitude and spirit. (7,711,194 people in

Case at your Fuller Paint Dealer. ares was demonstrated in the 1952 (Concluded on page 694)

690 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

6 GREAT NEW BOOKS just off the press..

CROSSROADS THE 1. DOCTRINES 2. FROM OF SALVATION FROM Volume Two L. Evans Richard By

Writings of Sermons and choicest of 100 the than More Fielding Smith Joseph the during delivered sermonettes

R. Bruce Compiled McConkie by

Choir Tabernacle famous eagerly second awaitedThe assembled volworldbroadcasts been have this of tremendously popuume of the Spoken by the authorlar works cussions L. Evans. Elder concerningis now available.salvationDis- r OADS Word, Richard

are they whatand sparkling, three two to 0tkhmflJmm These are them,and exaltation,how to gain sermonettes concern minute inauthoritatively presented an easy to understand language. themselves with "thoughts on

18 absorbing chapThroughout everand love and the Godters, celestial the marriage, lasting things."<tO "TC of glory, salvation fordegrees

the dead, temples, and the resurrection are but a few of the subjects discussed. <t*j f\(\

4. GOLDEN NUGGETS FROM THE NEW LIFE TO ENJOY 3. IT'S YOUR TESTAMENT

By Wendell J. Ashton

Marler By Ezra L.

This is a book for those who would keep From the beginning of Matthew to the end young in Jieart. Full of anecdotes about of Revelations are scattered golden nuggets

great names, glimpses at interesting places, of truth and beauty. These inspiring bits

experiences, exciting philosophy, sound and truth of wisdom have so been and arranged by this colorful varied of life and panorama author the that the quickly reader can and

It's will zest to living. add your book to pleasantly find acquire pearls the of great and

- enjoy price contained in the Testament. New $2.50

$2.25

5. COMMENTARY ON THE

OF BOOK MORMON LIGHT SHINE Reynolds By George and 6. LET YOUR

L. Cook By A. Janne Sjodahl M.

rereading, reading,After and &m TheGospelpracticalof JesusapplicationChrist is toldof theinreading again the sacred pages of the Book of Mormon, the an interesting and forthright ofauthors this monumental to writing iF'ihih,,,.VifllllwlM9 stylea Christlikethat is life.certainYoungto parentsinspire turnedcommentary

about the divine and glorious will find this Gospel study esrevelations the book disclosed. pecially helpful with its inAs the reader progresses in the spirational counsel and impellcommentary, new vistas and ing fight against human delinhorizons are sure to enter his quency. $2.50

scope. $5.00 c o

:::::;:;:;;::;::;;:;:;:-i">: -:

Order by Mail or through Bookcraft Dealers BOOKCRAFT Oct. 1955

1186 South Main, Salt Lake City, Utah

Please send the following circled books:

5 Please 3 4 send a complete 6 12 available books of LDS ( ) list for which I enclose check or money order ( ) through Bookcraft dealers. 1Bookcraft1 86 South Main Salt Lake City Utah NAME

GENEALOGY SUPPLIES OF ALL KINDS ADDRESS

Write for Complete Price List C ITY STATE.

. I OCTOBER 1955 691

\-Jfticiat \ Jrqan or THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMENT OF

EDUCATION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, "The Voice of the Church"WARD TEACHERS, AND OTHER

AGENCIES OF

Jke Lkurck of

/jeiu-i Lkriit

r*> n*> VOLUME 58 NUMBER 10 of <=JLatteraau S>aint5

Editors: DAVID 0. McKAY - RICHARD L. EVANS

Managing Editor: DOYLE L. GREEN

Associate Managing Editor: MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

Production Editor: ELIZABETH J. MOFFITT

Research Editor: ALBERT L. ZOBELL, JR.

Editor: Manuscript ALLIE HOWE

- F. Editors: DURHAM ARCHIBALD BENNETT G. HOMER- - R. JR. NIBLEY HARRIS, MILTON FRANKLINContributing HUNTER HUGH

- A. B. B. SPERRY SIDNEY PETERSEN LEE PALMERS. CLAUDE

- General Associate R. Manager: Manager:- CURTIS BERTHA ELBERT

- F. Advertising Business Manager: D. GILES VERL JOHN S. SCOTTREEDER Uke C-tover Director: Subscription A. SNARRDirector: GLEN

The glorious autumn colors in the North

Fork of American Fork Canyon with

Utah's Mount Timpanogos in the backThe Editor's Page groundthe workis ofourHalcoverRumel.photograph. It is

A Lesson in Reverence President David O. McKay 701

Church Features

Your Question: How Was Lehi a Descendant of the Jews?

-...Joseph Fielding Smith 702

The Way of the Church—Two Views of Church History—Conclusion Hugh Nibley 708 EDITORIAL50 NorthAND MainBUSINESSStreet OFFICES Solomon Mack and His Family—Part 2 Archibald F. Bennett 712 Y.M.M.LA. Offices, 50 North Main St. Through the Eyes of Youth—Courage in Action..Jim McFarland 720 Y.W.M.I.A. Offices, 40 North Main St.

The Church Moves On 696 Melchizedek Priesthood 752 Salt Lake City 1, Utah

Genealogy 712 Presiding Bishopric's Page 754 Copyright 1955 by Mutual Funds, Inc., and

published by the Mutual Improvement Associations of the Church of Jesus Christ of LatSpecial Features terdayscription Saints.price, $2.50All rightsa year,reserved.in advanceSubforeign subscriptions, $3.00 a year, in advance;

President Joseph Fielding Smith Visits the Far East 25cEnteredsingleat copy.the Post OfFice, Salt Lake City,

Xyle B. Leatham 703 Utah, as secondclass matter. Acceptance for

The Other Side of the Equation Esther Freshman 707 mailingfor in sectionat special1103. rateAct ofof Octoberpostage 1917,providedauTimeless Principles of Family Relationships thorized July 2, 1918.

Victor A. Christopherson 710 TheunsolicitedImprovementmanuscripts,Era is butnot responsiblewelcomes confor

Riches at Our Feet.. Ezra J. Poulsen 711 tributions.panied by sufficientAll manuscriptspostage formustdeliverybe accomand

Should Parents Be Teachers? Elizabeth Adamson 715 return.

Landmark of required for change Thirty DearPisgah—MormonTom: Margaret T. Goff 719 'Change of Address

inplease change, ordering a address. days*Whennotice Archaeology and the Book of Mormon—PartLorraineVI V. Buckman 722 of slip a recent issue from clude address

........Milton R. Hunter 724 the magazine. Address changes cannot be

The Spoken Word from Temple Square. madeone isunlessincluded.the old address as well as the new

Richard L. Evans 734, 740, 764

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. fluence, G. Homer Durham 690

Harris, Jr 689 Your Page and Ours 768

These Times-—A New Pattern of InToday's Family National Advertising Representatives

Let Sister Help, Louise Price Bell..760 Your Know LDS Cooks—Food S. TOWNSEND COMPANY and Hints Fun 760 EDWARD Spooking's Handy When 110 Sutter St.

Done, Barbara Williams 756 Understanding, O. A. Kearney 761 San Francisco, California

EDWARD S. TOWNSEND COMPANY

672 Lafayette Park Place Stories, Poetry Los Angeles 57, California

SADLER AND SANGSTON ASSOCIATES

Little NoName's Grandson George A. Boyce 704 New342 YorkMadison17, Ave.N. Y.

A Disgrace to the Family Mary Ek Knowles 716 DAVIS & SONS

Frontispiece—Autumn Road, DorSignal Fires, Elizabeth A. Hutchi30Chicago,N. LaSalleIllinoisSt.

othy J. Roberts 700 son 748

Poetry Page 701 Two Shopping, Lucretia Penny 751 Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

692 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA (I \:U t I J

Where there's a child there should be Cluld It's a happy house, where Childcraft lives. You can see it in the

family pride, the sense of sharing, the feeling of belonging to each other.

Families nourished by Childcraft just naturally grow together.

The golden hours spent in storyland, in the magic of music and poetry and art and science, provide a priceless experience.

"Building things together"means building a fuller future.

Childcraft helps develop understanding as it helps guide parents.

You'll receive the services of 150 leading experts in child guidance and education to help enrich your lives together.

You and your children deserve Childcraft. It's a way of living. Send NOW for FREE BOOKLET!

It's preparation for life, every step of the way. It's exactly what Please send me FREE, without obligation, my copy of the

you want for your family. new 24page booklet, "Their Future Is In Your Hands"which contains a summary of "Education Is A 'Round The

Clock Process!'Address: Mr. C. B. Lawter, Childcraft,

Field Enterprises, Inc., Educational Division 1I Dept. 3240.'Box 3565, Chicago 54, Illinois.

Merchandise Mart Plaza, Chicago 54, Illinois II I Name

IThere an be opportunity to may represent Childcraft in your neighborhood on Addressa fulltime basis., training, Free good income future, and reinvestment no

quired. full For information, write Lucille Mrs. Orr, Childcraft, I 'Dept. 4240

3565,Box Chicago 54, Illinois. City Zone State P. S. Hear the exciting Mercury Childcraft records at your nearest record store. Si My children's ages areThese Times

(Concluded from page 690) 1950.) Like California, its economic

strength alone is felt throughout the country. Nor should education he overlooked. The west, with Utah and

Oregon first and second, leads the nation in proportion of college age youth actually enrolled in college. (Utah 52

percent; Oregon 43 percent; national

average 31 percent.)

Look at the map. Examine the education, transportation systems, economic

strength, vigorous people of Washington, Oregon, California, Idaho, Nevada,

Utah, Arizona, Montana, Wyoming,

Colorado, New Mexico, and Texas.

These people look to Seattle, Portland,

San Francisco, Los Angeles, Phoenix,

Alhuquerque, Dallas, Fort Worth, Houston, Denver, and Salt Lake City with interest akin to regional pride. That

regional pride is fortified by the western "horse opera"tradition so apparent in film, radio, and TV, where good always conquers evil. It is fortified by things

new: plumbing, houses, highways, motels, industries, schools, churches, oil,

uranium, even clothing styles, in contrast to the older American capitals of fjoston, New York, Philadelphia, Baltimore, and Charleston.

One can look at Brigham Young's

It's the grapes! 1850 map of the "State of Deseret,"embracing the central and southwest heart

The world's finest grapes are grown of this region, and admire his vision.

in the sundrenched San Joaquin Sitting in California, a Utahn can beValley of California on the Western muse himself with Sam Brannan's transSlope of the High Sierras. From these Sierra dash in June 1847, to meet Brigwell-caredfor vineyards, stretching ham Young at Fort Bridger; the debates

mile after mile, only the best of each there between Salt Lake Valley and the year's crop is selected and dried in vast unfinished empire that is still bethe Plump and sun Meaty to make raisins. That's Brand Plump why and coming California. One can even wish,

Meaty Brand are the tastiest, plumpfor a moment, that Brigham's vision est, meatiest, most luscious raisins might have been Brannan's urge to go you ever ate! farther west. But, viewing the region

as a whole, with Salt Lake City's posiMake all your foods RICH with tion as an internal spiritual capital,

Plump and Meaty Brand raisins. accessible to the entire area, one can

Plump and Meaty Brand Natural also be grateful that Brigham Young's

Seedless Raisins are: vision prevailed.

PURE UNADULTERATED Political strength is a special indicator

CONTAIN NO CHEMICALS of where real power and influence exists.

OR ARTIFICIAL The second half of this century will

PRESERVATIVES show much political power issuing from this great area which includes Texas,

California, and the Pacific Northwest.

Luscious Plump and Meaty raisins come to Certainly Chicago, New York, Ohio, you as fresh as the day they were packed Pennsylvania, and the older seats of fitwice-sealed in Flavotite cartons or bags. nance, learning and influence are not

They stay fresh and hold their natural goodgoing to drop from sight! But the

ness and taste. Try them today! maturing of the western states is now

at hand. With this maturation, great

SAVE! Buy the economical two and four and interesting changes can be expected.

pound bags, twicesealed in Flavotite. The 1956 campaign, about to get under

They keep! way, will only be one indicator of a

VAGIM PACKING COMPANY FRESNO, CALIFORNIA new pattern of American influence in these times.

694 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A Good Turn For Motorists

Most people Consider a car the secondbiggest This $50 million worth of plants is only part purchase they'll ever make. Anything that of the $350 million Standard is investing this

extends its life or improves performance natyear to make petroleum more useful and plenurally contributes to your pocketbook as well tiful. Some of it will go for product research,

as your motoring pleasure. Since our new part will pay for new manufacturing facilities.

"DetergentAction"Gasolines do both, they're A good share will finance the search for new prime examples of Standard's planning for you. sources of oil to help supply the 733 gallons

Standard has built 4 catalytic reformers in the a year per person that go into thousands of oilborn products essential to modern living. West to make these cleanerburning, more powerful motor fuels required for best performSo the $350 million is an investment in your

ance of today's higher compression engines. future as well as ours. It's one way Standard

This program was two years in planning and helps guarantee there'll be plenty of oil to do building—cost $50 million. more jobs today and in the years to come.

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA plans ahead to serve you better

OCTOBER 1955 695 THE CHURCH MOVES ON

Events A Day To Day Chronology Of Church

Programs in many of the wards of Inglewood 2, Chandler 1; Nephi First 7,

July 1955 the Church noted the seventyTerrace Second 5; Valley View 6,

seventh anniversary of the founding of Compton First 5; St. David 18, Farm-

I Elder Spencer W. Kimball of the the Primary Association. ington Second 0; Taylorsville 7, PocaCouncil of the Twelve dedicated tello Ninth 6; Holladay Fifth 18; Glenthe chapel of the Rotterdam Branch, a Members of the Salt Lake Taberwood 3; Clearfield Second 6, Grant

Netherlands Mission. nacle Choir and their friends left Third 2; Salt Lake Thirtieth 6, Vineyard

Sunrise services commemorating the Salt Lake City aboard two special 5.

arrival of the Pioneers were held in Salt trains for their European tour. f Scores in the allChurch junior City.Lake

7, Chandler softball tournament: were programs Pioneer Special Day thousand twelve estimated An 6 Second Terrace 7, 1; Lapoint Menan of the of the wardsheld in many first perthe spectators witnessed Glen15, Third; Grant innings) (nineChurch. for Witness of America's formance

0; Gate Castle 7, Inglewood 0; wood presented sacred pageant Christ, the Las 9, 2; Nephi Corvallis 13, Vineyard thousand ninety estimated An at Hill the yearly Cumorah. Holladay 6, Clearfield Second 3; Vegas '47"of the people saw "Days

8, Thirtieth City Salt Lake Fifth 3; televised. alsoparade. parade was The of the pagperformance Another 10, Second Farmington 0; Montpelier pioliving the honoring A luncheon Hill the given at Cueant was First 3, Fifth Compton 6; Layton Declo before toneers came Utah who York. Palmyra, near the morah, New Second Kaysville 9, Pocatello Ninth 2; railroad in of 1869 thecompletion was

given. 4; Malad Third 12, Moroni East 3; San

Weston 2; Eleventh 12, Provo Bear, a musical They The Torch

Twenty- 6; Ogden View 13 Membersnacle Choirof embarkedthe Salt Lakefrom TaberMont- Diego15, Valley featuring a 200150 dramatists,pageant

voice choir, and soloist Carl Palangi of real for their European tour aboard the seventh 7, Taylorsville 5; Central Park

the San Francisco Opera Company was S S Saxonia. 7, St. David 6 (nine innings).

presented in the Salt Lake Tabernacle. Adverse weather conditions postponed

Proceeds of this concert were given the final performance of the pageant Scores in today's games of the allto the Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir America's Witness for Christ. This was Church junior softball tournaEuropean tour fund. the first time in its fourteen year history ment: Malad Third 2, Pocatello Ninth

that a performance has been cancelled. 1; Layton Fifth 12, Farmington Second

The First Presidency announced 6; St. David 2, Valley View 0; Central

the appointment of Elder Samuel 1 i The stake conference schedule bePark 10, Weston 4; Taylorsville 4,

E. Bringhurst to be president of the gan again this week end after a Provo Eleventh 3; San Diego 6, Ogden

new Swiss Temple. short summer vacation. Twentyseventh 2; Chandler 10, Grant

Personnel of the new Church buildElder Mark E. Petersen of the CounThird 4; Menan 8, Vineyard 6; Hollaing committee was announced. Named cil of the Twelve dedicated the chapel day Fifth 9, Castle Gate 5; Montpelier

to assist Elder Wendell B. Mendenhall of the Cedar (Utah) Stake center and 15, Las Vegas 5; Inglewood 15, Clearwhose appointment has been announced the Cedar City Sixth ward. field Second 1; Salt Lake Thirtieth 19,

as chairman were Elder John Henry The final performance of America's Nephi 5.

Vandenberg of the Denver (Colorado) Witness for Christ was presented at the

Stake presidency; Elder Harry E. McHill Cumorah before an audience of President David O. McKay was

Clure of Gridley (California) Stake; twenty thousand persons. 19 among those meeting the Salt Lake

Elder Harold W. Burton of Los Angeles, Tabernacle Choir as it arrived at

and Elder Raymond H. Bradfield of 1 O President David O. McKay and Greenock, Scotland.

Stockton, California. his party left Salt Lake City by Scores in today's games of the allair for Europe where he will dedicate Church junior softball tournament:

President David O. McKay dedithe Swiss Temple and break ground for Chandler 10, Menan 3; St. David 9,

cated the chapel of the Provo Park the British Temple. Accompanying the Taylorsville 4; Montpelier 5, Holladay

and University wards, Utah Stake. President this time were Sister Emma Fifth 4; Layton Fifth 4, Malad 1; ClearRay McKay, their son and daughterfield 6, Nephi 2; Ogden Twentyseventh

Park 6, Central Diego 6; San 7, Weston R. McKay, Dr. and Mrs. Edward August 1955 inlaw, Thirtieth City Salt Lake 8, 2; Inglewood Clare secretary, President's and the

President Joseph Fielding Smith Middlemiss. 1.

2 softall-Church junior annual dediThe of the Twelve of Council the Smith Fielding Joseph a President at the new n opened ball tournament for the preachof Korea the land cated anthe of Twelve Council of the at Jordan softball park and Church gospel. of the ing Church the that in Manila nounced Central today's games: in Scores Park.

the in mission establish a new Fifth 29, would 8; 12, San Diego Declo of Dr. David Park appointment The two next the "within Philippines 6 Twentyseventh 0; East Ogden Moroni Sacramento Ririe, a member of the

(California) Stake high council, to have 1, Kaysville Second 0; Provo Eleventh months."

full charge of the agricultural develop- 8, Malad Third 5; Weston 7, Layton The Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir gave

ment of Church lands at the New Fifth 6; Montpelier Third 5, Corvallis its first concert of the European tour in

Zealand LDS College was announced. 3; Las Vegas Sixth 8, Menan Second 5; Kelvin Hall, Glasgow, Scotland.

696 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA te v(/lkiom<

A new book by PRESIDENT STEPHEN L RICHARDS Complete addresses, as well as excerpts from the wealth of addresses President Richards has made to religious groups, business meetings, and service organizations are collected together in one volume. President Richards has received wide recognition as a thoughtful, provocative speaker. These choice addresses

contain outstanding material for use by speakers and readers.

$3.50

FROM

2. From The CrossRoads

The newest book of sermonettes by * CROSS*

RICHARD L. EVANS

Here is a new book of Richard L.

Evans'sermonettes from the Sunday morning Tabernacle Choir Broadcasts. RicfuwfLEvais

Each one is a literary gem... a brief

*T Pit but profound religious experience in reading. $3.00

New and Vital Reading...

3. The Ten Commandments Today

principles laid fundamental The at Mt. clearly Sinai are down defined of the by members

of Council the Twelve (Joseph Smith, B. Lee, Haiold Spencer Kimball, E. Mark W.

Petersen, Richards, LeGrand L. Bennion, AdamFielding Richard Superintendent Evans), and by me Elbert of R. Curtis the and of Cleon Skousen University. DefiniBrigham S.W. Young YMMIA

tive these divine answers on offered are laws for living this in righteous age. more $2.00 atomic

4 The Kingdom of God Restored carter e. grant

Hesfor A new approach to Church history is offered through recently discovered material presented here, which holds vital interest and importance to L.D.S. history students. The presentation

is both lucid and unusual, and will appeal to all readers. $4.00

OPEN A CONVENIENT 30DAY CHARGE ACCOUNT 5. Commentary

on the Book of Mormon

jWfll!M0 Volume One DESERET BOOK COMPANY

South Temple East 44 I fl()(((,f GEORGE REYNOLDS AND City, Salt Lake

JANNE M. SJODAHL Gentlemen: Utah

This new book is an excellent Enclosed you will find { ) check ( ) money order ( ) charge of the on Book commentary the following encircled (numbered) books. Amount to my account

I to Nephi from Mormon enclosed $ excelserves as an Omni. It

guide, and offers lent re- 4 for scripenthusiasm newed tural reading. $5.00 Name...

Address v City Zone State..

i Residents of Utah include 2% sales tax.

OCTOBER 1955 697 698 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA—Photograph by Leland Van Wagoner

utumn R by Dorothy J. Roberts

Highways banked above the waterbed,

The dappled roads that necklace curve and shallow,

Comfort his aging sight with aspen gold,

Pooled on the slope and rivered in the hollow.

Roads retrieve for him the gyre of trails;

His younger step their slanting hush had taken:

"A cinnamon of crushed leaf spiced the woods....

The stag could step and not a twig be broken."

Ease the car between the amber glades;

He lifts a field glass to his waning vision.

While weave of fence denies him further hills,

He funnels back through lens the distant autumn.

Familiar forest ebbs into his heart,

The silent cavern of its absence filling.

The bird and bough are parted. All is mute

Save the sound of leaves on the dark road falling.

OCTOBER 1955 699 WE AWAKE FROM OCTOBER TALL CANDLES BURNING AUTUMN MAGIC

By Lael W. Hill By Inez Clark Thorson By Katherine Berle Stains

enfold green my in summer woods he lilac plumes full white ago moons grief i few with the gone wind, mad all night view the lighting tall up candles like -f* Stood hurled him, too upon moon much And fill that heights tranquil to bear me'up And dark, leaf leaf to birds by southward;The a new Without dreams. lazy with first mind flush My at dawn's heard here was world. of And the willows theStripped down until I along drift Horizon, how the song

to fade away begins soul outer lark. My the silverthroated robin and forth Of and back paced night theAll wind tree, at autumn an once All nothing! To to shredsearth's calm gardenTearing idle day upsets crimsoned, my Newly mist, in gray this is shrouded lane But now north the invectivesFlinging from reality. bright with view stabs my And lilac hedge, at the of rust teeth gnaw The heads. off zinnia biting theAnd

the songs the silence meets day... And

the autumn enough, soon but soon, Not hushed, are of hung autumn, ends ragtagNow claims their to singers keep autumn flown The stalks, sunflower proud onceUpon life, of when and scene the place upon A pledge. unstrung days; all ourFlaunt we are

it aims ways, lethargic stirs us from of hollyhocks. ghostsBy broken again that lives we our freshen up this ToIt along hence yet a few way moons And

tones golden the as And, breathe. May will lilaccandles burn, again once The

mature, will quietude replace the medleys FALLING OF THE YEAR And glow to make the greenof-youth obwill reThey soaring lark... the robin The

By Catherine E. Berry turn. scure.

IS THE THEME AUTUMN INTERIMrEA lastlonelyleaf souvenirsways on the empty elm, BREAD springtime that theOf beauty brought; By Kathrya Kendall By Beulah Huish Sadleir

of the year This falling to sleep, the earth gently put it is fall again Has say I merely ould full of are wheat bins tawny leaves the harvested And the words we myself to murmur And fly, mallards greenwinged rEWhen underfoot, carpets golden In spoke their again geese gray the wedge way And sunlight weaves autumn Where time we met? Each sky. bluer, mellower a To to of glow bronze A tracery

frost November's Until flaming the canyon's 1 through wander filled harvest's boon, bins are with the earth, Yes, all sleeping the covered Has depths all flown, are the birds And leaf is lost. gold each And of vibrations last sensuous feel the And mill a sweeter tune entones the But breath. summer's The is blown. Winter's snow When

HOURGLASS through stream I the tumbling follow life it sings of long the whole day Oh, thicket, and Brush is of its lovely song. the theme For bread Cameron ]ohns trails By C. were that mountain Realizing

Never meant for one.

Here where I walk at peacocksummer's OCTOBER ORCHARD end, SUMMER TO TASTE Steps slowing to the pace of death's brown By Eleanor Alletta Chaffee leaves, By ]ane Merchant brumal weather concurring with dark The old trees sigh and shrug bent shoulnight Prepares a white shroud while reft nature rEders; lean best of summer's flavors, rich and grieves. Carelessly on the stone wall where the light rEgood,

Drains slowly from the crimsonpatterned Is the surprise of a ripe peach's tang

Caught in the winds of the mindsided seas, green, Always surprise, since no one ever could

An abandoned husk swept toward reaching And I can hear them in the frosty night Remember, winterlong, the tingling pang land, Whispering to each other, sunk kneedeep Of happiness a peach's piquant sweetness

I seek for life's harvest, once gaily promised, In trampled grass still fragrant with the Yields eagerly to the first eager bite, smell fingers grasping tightly at grains of My

Of apples. sand. Somehow orchards seem to keep OfFillingunembittered,one with aunalloyedsovereigndelight.completeness

Reluctant summer longest, knowing well The Sunday School picnicking innocence

Is this the heritage of the dark river's flood, How long the time between two springs. Of strawberry ice cream, and cantaloupe's

The only birthright the tempered heart has And so Bland suavity, have generous excellence, won, The dark is laced with sound; although the With watermelon's crispness; but my hopes

Or is it this flame bright as a new star birds Of summer bliss are best fulfilled by each

Or the song, within me, as I near the sun? Have traced for days the way that they Slow bite I take of a sunripened peach.

must go And now are silent, yet small muttered

HARVEST GOLD Rise wordsfrom the weathered figures on the slope OCTOBER

By Eunice Buck Still fragrant with the scent of ancient hope. By Alfred Cecil Baker

ii, yes, I do remember when ctober sidled in today:

This lovely one made her debut! BEWARE! A turquoise noise, the Milky Way;

Springtime her Happy named We then By Eloise Wade Hackett SummerOf amberinarmsher andlast goldenembraceface. true. wish come longawaited Our

care, not that interlude knows IRATES An old, tired I her and see Today air: of earth and symphony lanes >the sky A rove adieu her for ready Making

sod aloft to mellow cloud From to plunder out winds, bold Gold, she's Harvest see can you Now of God. breath is the October its fleet of golden treasure. October's let's say, You!""Thank our God And to

700 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA >:x2s3s>>>n3;Gn5;ov

A Lesson In Reverence

by President David O. McKay

Theor dictionaryrespect felt definitionor manifested;of reverencedeference.is "HonorProture"preciousbuiltstones,of whitemakes marblelittle or andno differenceinlaid within

found respect mingled with love and awe."our approach and attitude toward the "Infinite

But in the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Presence."To know he is there should be suffiSaints, the word means much more. cient to impel us to conduct ourselves as ladies

Reverence embraces regard, deference, honor, and gentlemen.

and esteem. Without some degree of it, therefore, One of the best lessons I ever received in my

there would be no courtesy, no gentility, no conlife with respect to reverence for God's church sideration of others'feelings or of others'rights. (I use "church"in this sense as "chapel") I reIt is a fundamental virtue in religion. "Reverence ceived many years ago when I visited Brigham

is one of the signs of strength; irreverence one of City, Utah. I was then general superintendent of

the surest indications of weakness. No man will the Sunday Schools of the Church, and we were

rise high who jeers at sacred things."holding a Sunday School conference in Brigham

Reverence, as charity, should begin at home. City. The stake superintendent of the Sunday

In early childhood, children should learn to be Schools and I approached the building early. Just

respectful, deferential, reverent—respectful to one before we turned through the gate we saw the

another, to strangers and visitors, deferential to bishop of the ward approaching us. The stake

the aged and infirm—reverent to things sacred, to superintendent said, "Here comes the bishop of

parents and parental love. No true psychologist the ward. He is always the first one in the chapel

will say that a child should grow up without a conon Sunday morning."

sciousness that in the home and in the presence As we entered the chapel, I said to him in a of others, there are bounds and limitations to his rather loud voice, "Bishop, I have just heard a activities, desires, and tantrums. "Train up a compliment for you. Superintendent Hoopes just

child in the way he should go: and when he is told me you are always the first one in the chapel

old, he will not depart fromit"(Proverbs 22:6) on Sunday morning. I want to compliment you

is an admonition full of sound philosophy. on your true leadership and your worthy example

Training in the home reflects itself in the pubof punctuality."When he answered me, he anlic behavior, of young men and women, for exswered in a subdued tone, "Yes, I try to be here

ample, in church. early."

Churches are dedicated and set apart as houses The next time I spoke in that building, my of worship. This means, of course, that all who voice was subdued, also. Then I noticed when

enter do so, or at least pretend to do so, with an others came in, though the meeting had not beintent to get nearer the presence of the Lord than gun, that they, too, spoke in subdued tones. I

they can in the street or amidst the worries of a made inquiry as to the reason for their speaking workaday life. In other words, we go to the in a low tone, and I was told that when the buildLord's house to meet him and to commune with ing was dedicated the bishopric of the ward, the

him in the spirit. Whether such a place of meetward teachers, and the quorum presidencies all

ing be a humble chapel or a "poem in architec- (Concluded on following page)

<SCNCv{7\G>VryCNCV7JGX OCTOBER 1955 701 THE EDITORS PAGE

(Concluded from preceding page) of the Church. This is a missionary Church. People

met together and decided that whenever they entered come here for light and knowledge, for instruction, and the building, they would move and speak reverently. I they have a right to find it when they come.

was interested to observe that when the children entered A prayerful heart will do much to bring reverence into

Sunday School they, too, had a reverential attitude, and our lives. Our individual and family prayers, and those

so did their fathers and mothers. said in church, will bring us closer to our Heavenly

Reverence should be manifest in sacrament meetings, Father, and build our honor and respect for him and in MIA, and in the meetings of all the other auxiliaries for the things which he asks us to hold sacred.

,.:.:;.

mmby Joseph Fielding Smith PRESIDENT OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

SiSSolwsSSS'ISJftSSSiSsW::::

How Was Lehi a Descendant of the Jews?

J "Will you kindly answer a question for of this country. There is also a comparable example

our Sunday School class? In 1 Nephi in the case of Paul the apostle. When he was arrested

5:14, we are informed that Lehi was a descendant of on complaint of the Jews, the chief captain mistook him

Joseph, and in 2 Nephi 30:4, it states that the Nephites for an Egyptian who had created a rebellion, and Paul

were descendants of the Jews. Since the Jews were desaid to the captain, "... I am a man which am a Jew

scendants of Judah, how can these statements he harof Tarsus, a city in Cilicia, a citizen of no mean city:

monized?"and, I beseech thee, suffer me to speak unto the people."

When the privilege was granted, Paul spoke to the angry verily said: "I a Jew, which am and a man am It is true that Lehi and his family were Jews this Cilicia, in yet brought Tarsus, a city up in born in

descendants of Joseph through the lineage city at the feet of Gamaliel, and taught according to of Manasseh (Alma 10:3), and Ishmael was a descendant the perfect manner of the law of the fathers, and was

of Ephraim, according to the statement of the Prophet zealous toward God, as ye all are this day."(Acts 21:37Joseph Smith. That the Nephites were descendants of 39, and Acts 22:3.) In writing his epistles to the Roman

Joseph is in fulfilment of the blessings given to Joseph saints and also to the saints at Philippi, Paul said: "...

by his father Israel. The Nephites were of the Jews, For I also am an Israelite, of the seed of Abraham,

not so much by descent as by citizenship, although in of the tribe of Benjamin."(Romans 11:1, and Philipthe long descent from Jacob, it could be possible of some

pians 3:5.)

mixing of the tribes by intermarriage. Not only in the Book of Mormon are the descendants

It should be remembered that in the days of Rehoboam, of Lehi called Jews, but also in the Doctrine and Coveson of Solomon, ten of the twelve tribes of Israel renants. In section 19, verse 27, this is found: "Which is

of Israel as thevolted kingdom were and known to the Gentile, that soon to the it may go word from my

Assyria. into carried untilthat time they were away on that they are a remnant, the Lamanites Jew, of whomThe other two tribes of Judah and Benjamin remained may believe the gospel, and look not for a Messiah toloyal to Rehoboam and were known as the kingdom come who has already come."Again, in giving instrucof Judah. Lehi was a citizen of Jerusalem, in the kingtion to the elders who had journeyed from Kirtland to

dom of Judah. Presumably his family had lived there Missouri, the Lord revealed the place for the building of

for several generations, and all of the inhabitants of the the temple and gave instruction for the purchase of land kingdom of Judah, no matter which tribe they had de- "lying westward, even unto the line running directly through, as Jews. The conditionscended were known (Section Gentile."This line 57:4.) and between Jew

today, to conditions for example: Manyis comparable

line the whites and between the dividing was westward members of the Church have been gathered out of

Indians.

England, Germany, the Scandinavian countries, and other foreign lands. Coming to this country they have

take out citizenship papers, and then they and their descendants are known as Americans, being citizens 702 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA President and Sister Joseph Fielding Smith join President and Sister Hilton A. Robertson, formerly of the Japanese Mission, now

presiding over the Northern Far East Mission, and President and Sister H. Grant

Heaton of the Southern Far East Mission in the mission home in Tokyo.

—Photos by Lijle B. Leatham

A. Robertson will continue to preside

in the Northern Far East Mission.

Leaving Japan, President Smith's first stop was Korea, where he dedicated that land for the preaching of the restored gospel, August 2.

President and Sister Smith had a very busy schedule, visiting, counseling and strengthening servicemen and members in such places as Seoul and

Pusan, Korea; Tokyo and Hokkaido

on a second visit to Japan; Okinawa,

Formosa, Hong Kong; Manila and

Clark Field in the Philippines; Guam,

President Joseph Fielding Smith andtendedfinallythe quarterlyHawaii, conferencewhere theyof theatOahu Stake August 27 and 28. Here

President Smith was joined by Elder

Visits the Far East Adam S. Bennion in creating the new

Honolulu Stake. Later President and

Sister Smith returned home by air resident Joseph Fielding Smith of priesthood. One of the purposes of liner.

Pthe Council of the Twelve has his tour was to create two missions The following account was written recently returned from a tour of the Northern Far East and the Southby an LDS serviceman, Lyle B.

the Far East. Leaving Salt Lake City ern Far East—from the present Leatham, then stationed in Japan.

July 7, with Sister Smith and PresiJapanese Mission. President Hilton (Continued on page 765)

dent Herald Grant Heaton of the

Southern Far East Mission, and his family, President Smith spent the seventyninth anniversary of his birth,

July 19, aboard the ocean liner President Wilson in midPacific.

After his arrival in Japan, July 26,—missionary,there was a successionMIA, ofdistrict,conferencesand

President Joseph Fielding Smith of the

Council of the Twelve addressing the conference, July 31, 1955. (above) President

Smith greets Clark Doxey of the Ogden (Utah) Nineteenth Ward, Dennis Goodrich of Tridell, Utah, and David B. Harmon, Jr.,

of Salt Lake City.

OCTOBER 1955 703 D.iertE MoMamie

eUA by George A. Boyce

wagon pulled by a team of horses humility. It was a pleasant face to Now the sun was out warm and

moved slowly down the dusty look upon. strong, and the old man was thinkingA road. Alongside him sat a boy with virgin of the things his maternal uncle had

It was a rickety, weatherbeaten clean whiteand-blue striped T-shirt, told him during the long winter wagon, and the fluted ribs of the for* rumpled from the bundle it had just nights when he too had no father, lorn horses stuck sharply through come out of. Around the collarless and he too was young like Little

their lean hides. The driver was an old neck was a long yellow necktie where Grandson.

man who wore his black hat in that no necktie belonged, adding to the According to my uncle, he was ridiculouslooking way that old Navaincongruous appearance of the spec-.ihinking, my father was born shortly

jos do—set high on his head with no tacle—old man and young boy, rickety after the PeopleWho-CameFrom-

tilt to the hat, no curl to the wide wagon, halfdead horses! T he -P 1 a c e-WhereWhite-Men -Firstflat brim, and no dent in the high But the old man was excited and CameFrom arrived suddenly in our

crown. It seemed to rest on top of happy. He could count three generamidst. Nowadays those people are

the large lump of long black hair tions of waiting for this event, and known as Anglos—or just white peothat was tied at the back of his neck his mind was full of silent musings. ple. Before that there were only

like a figure of eight. "Both of us orphans,"he was Mexicans and Pueblos and Apaches

Clothed in an old maroon shirt of thinking as he looked down at the and Utes around us. There was no

cheap material, open at the collar, boy. "Your father, who was my son, Medicine Man to help my mother,

and blue jeans with plain wide belt, went to fight against Big Eyes and is so my father's hip was hurt when he was obviously poor. But his long gone out there. And my father, The he was born. That is why they

face was calm. And the steady gaze Limper, was murdered. Now you are called him HeWho-Limps or simply

of his eyes, marked by an arrow of around ten plantings old, as I recall, The Limper.

creases radiating from the corners Little Grandson. You will be the first After my people came back from

because of long squinting in the bright of us to go to the government for an camp at Fort Sumner, my uncle told sun, conveyed the utmost dignity with education, and I am happy."me, Little Limper's father had great

Some of The People do hope in the Treaty. The government

not care about an educagave them six sheep for his family tion. As for myself, he and some seed for corn. The white

I was thinking, when a man's war chief said there would be white man talks to me, I no more sheep. The people must save

can only shuffle my feef. the sheep, otherwise they would be

I do not know what he is destitute again. My father's people

saying, and that makes were very grateful.

me sad. We must lift the There was drouth, and the corn curtain for our young

ones. Our hope is in did not grow, but they did not eat

them. That is the way the sheep even though they were

I look at Education. hungry and without other food. They

had to keep moving about to keep

They had started at from starving. Little Limper's mother

dawn when -the air was in and sisters would go looking for edi- a deep chill that peneble seeds. They did not dare go far

trated their thin clothes, for fear of the Mexicans and the and their stomachs had been fortified with only a Utes. The Mexicans took women and

few tortillas. But cold children for slaves.

and hunger were never Limper and his father would try part of their conversation. to trap some animals for meat. Game

That is just the way it is. was scarce, and there were only litAnd it would take them tle animals like prairie dogs, mice,

till afternoon, across many and rats, chipmunks, and only a few gullies and washes, and rabbits. Generally they came back

over the mesas, and down without any game. Children today

through the valleys to do not know about trapping like the

MUSOCL reach the school old people, the old man thought, as 704 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The driver was an old man who wore his black hat in that ridiculouslooking way that old Navajos do.... Along side of him sat a boy with virginclean whiteand-blue striped mother kept him between them forTShirt.

warmth.

There was no corn anywhere, or he looked downat his young grandmother were always moving about beans or squash or anything. My

son alongside him. Then the wagon in those days. They were coming mother could not feed me, and I belurched, and Little Grandson brushed down out of the mountain for the came very sick. They thought their

against him. winter and stopped to camp for the last child was going to die.

"Grandfather,"the boy said, "will night. They were so proud to have "NoName is sick because he is

there be sheep for me?"a child again that they killed one of starving,"my mother said and began

"No, Little Grandson, there will the precious sheep for a good meal. to weep. "We must have meat if he

be no sheep,"he said sadly as he On the next day they started to is to live."That is when NoName's

looked out over the barren sands. move again. They had to go on foot father went south to the railroad

"There is stock reduction now. Only in those days, and his mother walked lands in search of food.

a few of The People can have sheep. as far as all the others through the The old man glanced up for a moAnd there is conservation, so no one snow after the night of his birth. It ment and noticed a dark cloud formcan have enough sheep. It is the law is not wise to get caught in the snow ing. They would get wet, and it

of the land to have only a few sheep in the mountains. They had to push disturbed him. He hoped they would

today. You must get an education on so hurriedly that he was called be dried out before they reached the

and learn another way of living."Little NoName. school.

Except in the mountains there was "At the school you will learn many

A s the wagon moved slowly along, drouth and not enough grass for even things, Little Grandson,"the old man *- the old man began to think too a small band of sheep. There was said quietly. "You will learn about

of his own beginning. A faint smile drouth for three years. There have the railroad, maybe."

passed his lips as he thought of his been many years of drouth altogether. Then he lapsed into a long silence

birth certificate, and how he had been His father's clothes were ragged and again, thinking about the things that told of having been born in great thin because there was not enough Little Grandson would never learn haste. It happened on a night there wool for weaving clothes for all the at the school about that railroad.

was a heavy snowfall. His father and family. At night his father and (Continued on following page)

OCTOBER 1955 705 LITTLE NONAME'S GRANDSON (Continued from preceding page) again. Then he crawled close to him and hit him in the face with a

They were things his uncle had told where he had seen one of the calves. rock. Blood streamed down Bowlegs'

him. He got very close to it and seized it face and out of his mouth, and he

The railroad came before I was in his arms. My father became very let go.

born, he was thinking. It was the frightened as it started bawling The Limper started to run, but he

Great Atlantic and Pacific Railroad, loudly. Quickly he cut its throat got only a little way. He could not

and it was off the reservation. But with his knife. While the calf was run fast. WalkingHat came runthere were no markers to indicate still kicking, Limper drank some of ning around the hogan and lifted his

where the reservation was. The land the blood and got strength from it. gun and shot my father. My mother

for thirty miles on each side of the He could not save the blood, for he was sobbing and ran to pick him up, railroad was given to white people, had nothing to catch it in. but the bullet had gone right through

it is said, though many Navajo people In the dark he started to carry back him.

lived there. The Mexicans and white as much meat as he could. When Later when Bowlegs recovered,

people would chase the Navajos and it began to get light, he had to lie in he told everyone that my father was try to run them off. The Navajo hiding all that day. He did not dare a witch because he had supernatural

people were chased wherever they build a fire for fear he would be disstrength. Bowlegs made up that

went, it seemed. covered. story because the railroad officials

The Indian Agent at Fort Defiance The old man was so deep in were complaining, and he did not tried to get help for The People. He thought that Little Grandson's voice know what to do. They murdered

wrote many letters to "Washingdone,"startled him. my father, but after that I was alit is said, telling how the Navajo "All is beauty on White Mesa,"ways referred to as Son of Former

people were starving. The white peohe said. Witch. That made some people think

ple look to their government, but our "Yes, Little Grandson, all is that I was a witch maybe.

people could only look to the mounbeauty,"the old man answered, but in the A s a turn reached the wagontains. did not get Indian Agent The there in his throat. a great was lump

left beroad, White Mesa was from help the governmentenough of of that -*- thinking the horror was He for us. He got only $7500.00 for a day for his mother and for his father hind them, and the old man leaned

whole year for everything on the who had saved his life. back to rest himself.

reservation. the That is why

railroad the overpeople wandered Navajo The old man's head slumped and said."The"Wepast mustis nowlookbehindahead us,"to thehe

lands in search of food. It was about his shoulders were hunched. He was future, I think."

this time that my father thought I thinking how his father returned to "Yes, Grandfather,"the boy said, was going to die and he became his hogan that day. Two men had "it is good to look ahead. I am hapdesperate. That is the day my appeared, coming towards the hogan py to go to the school."

father.... on horses. They were Navajo poThen the rain came, and they

licemen. As they drew near, his pulled a blanket up around their

They were passing White Mesa to father recognized them as Walkingshoulders and drew their heads down

Hat and Bowlegs. At that time the tight on their necks. As they drove * the south, and the old man could

Navajo police kept riding around into the school grounds, the intervividly picture his father climbing up vainly. They did not know what to preter was standing just inside thethe side of that mesa. His father's

moccasins were thin, and because of do, for the railroad officals kept comdoor. They tied the team to the

his limp he had to crawl much of plaining about the Navajo people. fence and hurried inside, looking wet

the way. His hands were cut from WalkingHat drove the horses over and bedraggled, but still composed

the sharp stones. All day he had to to the corral as Bowlegs got off and with dignity. Moving slowly and

crawl through the mountainrose walked up to The Limper. quietly, they followed the interpreter

thorns and other brush. He had to "I see you have fresh meat, Limpdown the hallway where the teacher

be careful not to be seen by white er,"BowLegs said, but the Limper was starting to lock the door of the men or Navajo policemen riding did not answer about that meat. empty classroom. He looked as

around. His legs were bleeding, and "You are a witch,"Bowlegs said. though he wanted to hurry, but the

his feet and knees were swollen. "Yes, you must be a witch. That is old man sat down and indicated he

On the south edge of the mesa he how the fresh meat came to the hogan, would stav until he had told what peered over and saw some cattle with from a witch."he had come to say.

of story the he As he finished what calves. from exhaustedsome was He his back, turned then The Limper fighting the thinking—of been had

thirst, not dare did but he go down his Bowlegs the threw arms around of the hunger, the and murder and until cattle or into the the washnear legs Limper. thought Bowmy father his father, sheep, the and and about

after dark. He just lay there and was weak because of his crippled leg, conservation and all the other things

rested. strong. very his arms were but teacher at the clock. glanced The—the

quickly, over grasping bent Then he crawled down to the wash Limper to be impatient. He He appeared

and found some water. He drank Bowlegs securely, and threw him said that the past is behind us, that

only a little, knowing the danger up over his back. Bowlegs turned we must look to the future.

after prolonged thirst. But even that a somersault in the air and came down "That is good,"said the wise old

small amount made him sick. Afteron his back. Then he drew out his man, and looked around the room.

wards he was able to drink a little knife, but the Limper quickly fell on (Continued on page 742) 706 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA—A Three Lions Photo

Painting of "Christ at Bethany"by Bauermeister.

The Other Side of the Equation

by Esther Freshman

of crisis, particular tidbits of unin times adding our friend flattering information. of despair andTheshipsproblemsare very ofmuchhumanbeforerelationus in vidualgreat need,in timesin timesof My

our daily living. One of the greatdiscouragement, in times when the inlistened attentively, and then very

est pitfalls, one of the most delaying dividual is facing the consequences of quietly he broke in, saying: "Now

actions slowing us in our progress, is errors he has made. My friend is let me tell you the other side of the

our failure to consider all the factors more apt to be exposed to the raw equation."And he told us a story

in making our evaluations, in formmaterial than the finished product. of a magnificent good that had been

ing our opinions about our fellow Yet, never have I known a man to performed by this very man we had men. have such complete faith in humanity. been quite willing to condemn.

Probably the most beautiful and Never have I known a man to Amazingly, the good had been pereffective way that God teaches us keep before himself so steadfastly the formed to one of our own circle of is through man himself. I have been perfect image of man as he wants to friends. Through the courtesy of

particularly blessed in the friendship be. My friend keeps the candles of this maligned actor, a man we all

of a. man who lives very closely at all faith alight everlastingly, and whenknew who had walked so long in distimes to his Creator. This friend has ever someone is in the darkness of couragement, so long soul hungry and

dedicated his life to the service of despair, he may look into this man's body hungry, had been given a job humanity. He is very beloved by eyes and see reflected there the can- a work of great dignity, suitable to

those who know him. His work takes dle of his faith burning brightly. his prestige and education and trainhim among all types of people. It I have never known him to "give ing. This actor we were so willing, so

takes him into various homes, and up"so far as his faith in an indieager to judge badly, had seen the he enters these homes usually at vidual is concerned. His vision is good in our discouraged friend, had

times of emergency, often times of fixed on the good. had faith in him, and had invested

catastrophe, when both the home and My friend has a special expression his own trust, his own finances in the dwellers are exposed without that that he uses. He always says: "Now him.

protective sheathing that most of us let me tell you the other side of the This man who makes the equation are apt to have on when we expect equation...."come out right sees things in their

outsiders—a sort of "company best"The other evening a group of us true perspective. He sees the good

front. were talking about a prominent actor. side. He balances the equation acNot only into the heart of the A great deal of unsavory and uncording to the law of good—the law

home does my friend go, but often he complimentary comment had been of love. My friend perpetually sees

must also go deep within the being in the newspapers about this person, this other, or to put it more accurately, of the individual. He sees the indiand most of us in the group were he always sees the others side.

OCTOBER 1955 707 were for the first time the great gulf that lies between the ancient church and conventional Christianity, and TVo Views being surprisingly frank in their comments. More and more they are forcing themselves also to face up to the of Church Hislory dark interval of the second act, though

most of them still cling desperately by Dr. Hugh Nibley to the old rewrite interpretations of

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY "Advance through Storm,""Struggle and Progress,""The Certain VicPart IV tory,"etc.

interpretation This so deranges the historiidea of a Still the designation and Three?—Few plot that either the third act be mustOneansActat theor present to time will are main- "primitive necessary church"

dropped out entirely or completely tain that the Christian church later generations both as a salve to today is the result of a smooth and conscience (this is very clear in rewritten: naturally we can't have a

unbroken transmission of institutions Chrysostom) and a sop to vanity "restitution of all things"if all things and doctrines without change or shad- (equally ditto in Jerome), for if the have been carefully preserved and ow of change since the days of the glaring differences between the origsteadily improved through the cenApostles. Since no one doubts the inal and the later churches could not turies. And so we have the third

necessity and convenience of making be denied, they would have to be and final act, the great culminating certain major divisions in church hisexplained; and the only explanation events of world history, studiously

tory, we would strongly urge that the that could save the face of Christianeffaced by church historians: what

to reckon with, have we are now division it meaningfulmost and logical look alone good we make ity—let told, a "spiritual"second was coming so clearly indicatedis that by the patrondecided that with which New was

Testament itself. To accept those izing indulgence that the early which has already taken place; it

clearly marked periods of (1) revelachurch was just "primitive"and its was "the Easter experience,"some according to othtion, (2) darkness, and (3) restodisappearance a necessary and insuggest—Pentecost,

ration, however, is to reject the whole evitable phase in the growth and ers; it was all a mistake, a tragic

conventional concept of church hisprogress of an institution. miscalculation, according to another

tory as one long unbroken, irresistible The folly and vanity of a theory school; it is fulfilled in the Real Presvictory campaign. that looks upon the church of the ence, to follow another; others have

Yet even conventional church hisApostles with patronizing superiority maintained that since the crucifixion tory is now being forced to spoil the and glories in the irrelevant and was the supreme event of all time, simplicity of the accepted plot of the highly suspect virtues of size and all that followed was mere anticlimax;

growing admission that the early sophistication as proofs of progress, others have made the second coming mystical experience. so they And special. verychurch something was of a lack needs no comment. A basic

act, go: third as it is, that whatever of to find a history be hardIt would conviction be in the argument may

it, is not the greatthe church that does not honor the seen in desperate attempts to dress we have called "primitive church"with a section all the primitive church up to look like event predicted by the scriptures. Acts

of its own; but of recent years the modern churches; serious students two and three are out!

uniqueness and peculiarities of that know better, of course, but that does What, then, did happen after the church have become objects of the not keep the producers of movies and Apostles? Do we have reliable remost intense research, which is showtelevision from assuring the general ports for the years following? Was

ing more and more how totally difpublic that the church really has it all bad? How did the Christians

ferent the original Church of Christ changed hardly at all, and showing, continue to think of the world and was from any of the churches claimto prove it, ancient Apostles dressed their position in it? Did they exing to be derived from it or from any up as eighthcentury bishops or pect the lights to go out? Were they

of the ideas which scholars have mouthing the sentimental commonsurprised when they did? Were they

hitherto entertained concerning it. places of the schools through the disappointed when the Lord failed

The term "primitive church"is itwhiskers and robes of traveling sophto come? Did they believe that what

self revealing. The early Christians, ists. was happening actually was the end?

far from thinking of themselves as But looking behind such flimsy Such questions are the special food primitive, tell us often that they are tricks, we find that earnest investigaof church history in our day. The

living at the end of an aeon in a tors of church history, Catholic and mere fact that they are being asked world ripe for destruction. Though Protestant alike, are discovering as it now as never before is an invitation

they lived by prophecy, no allowances or provisions were made by them for greater refinements or improvements in their own institution in the years ahead. The church of the Apostles

was ready for the end, coming as it did at "the end of the aeon,"not at the beginning of a long period of progress. 708 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA of Latterday Saints—through the

centuries the church fathers have been aware of it, and it has worried them a great deal. It is very important to understand that the fate

of God's people on earth, specifically, the course of "the church"through the ages (for the idea of "the church"is a very ancient one) has been a subject of vital concern to certain men in every period of history.

From the most ancient prophets to the latest monograph, men have not ceased talking and speculating on this theme. As the Lord was not the

first prophet sent into the vineyard, neither was his Church without precedent in the world. Church history

does not begin suddenly one day in

Palestine, any more than the story of the redemption begins with certain shepherds watching their flocks.

The mighty drama goes back to the very beginning and leaves its mark in the documents of every age. It is

a far bigger thing than the seminarists and schoolmen realize.

Tn the preceding articles we first in- *- dicated the strong and undeniable bias which has controlled the writing of conventional church history since the days of Eusebius. Next we offered a brief preliminary sketch, based

on the New Testament, of another view of church history. That view

may be thus briefly summed up: the

original followers of Christ sought their reward and placed all their hopes in the other world and the return of the Lord in judgment, believing that as far as this world is concerned the work of the church would not prosper but soon come to a close, being followed by a long time of darkness that would end only with the restoration of all things in preparation for the coming of the

Lord. Such in barest outline is the

—Photo by Camera Clix from the painting Crucifixion of Peter by Reni Gitido substance of "the other view"of

With the removal of the apostles, there came a long period of darkness, ending with church history. It will be readily

the restoration of the gospel. admitted that it is not the conventional view, and it remains for us

to Latterday Saints to enter the disthe Bible which places the happy endnow to show from the early sourcescussion which seems at last to be ing at the end—"when his glory shall that it most certainly was the true

turning to their own point of view. be revealed and all made glad"authentic view of church history held

The history of the church is not with a time of heaviness preceding by the members of the Early Church a oneact play, a single, long, proit, during which the prince of this in Apostolic times and after. We

tracted happy ending from start to world holds sway and all the promshall also show the present trend finish, with a baffled and frustrated ised glories to come are forgotten in among students of church history tovillain vainly trying to score a telling a tragic preoccupation with the things wards the recognition of glaring depoint against a cause that is always which please men. The story of the fects in the conventional picture and

assured of success and never in any church is unfolded not in one act but increasing awareness of the existence real danger. Yet such a fantastically three. and the validity of the earlier conwishful and unreal plot is the only This is not the discovery of modern cept.

alternative to the one set forth in scholars or the private hypothesis (To he continued)

OCTOBER 1955 709 Timeless Principles of Family Relationships

by Victor A. Christopherson

that man who intends to berelationships with such timeless inexercised with reflection, reason, and

Ietcome a husband, seek first the sight and understanding. judgment. Let your children see you

kingdom of God and its righteousOne of the main points of issue punish them, not to gratify an angry ness, and learn to govern himself that psychologists take with the pracdisposition... but as one that seeks

according to the law of God; for he tice of corporal punishment in discitheir welfare.... Be deliberate and

that cannot govern himself, cannot plining children is that very often the calm in your counsels and reproofs, govern others."(Cited in Scrapbook spanking relieves the feelings of the but at the same time use earnestness

of Mormon Literature 1:453.) parent while merely adding to the and decision."(Ibid., 1:455.) These

This counsel is as wise and apmisery of the child, particularly when are words that many parents could plicable today as when set forth by such punishment is administered in heed to good advantage.

Elder Orson Pratt in 1854, a century anger. Elder Pratt's concern over the One of the major objectives of

ago. In his writings, Elder Pratt set child's welfare is very clearly and leaders in child development and famforth and elaborated upon some timesoundly stated. It is all the more inily relationships is to help parents

less principles of child rearing and teresting considering the fact that, at and students recognize and appreciate family relationships. Many of the the time of his writing, the philosophy the level of development of the child

ideas that Elder Pratt expressed can in vogue was that children were to be and individual differences among be found today in college textbooks, seen and not heard, and should they children. It is only when these two

written by authorities on family rehave the impudence to manifest ocfactors are well understood that the lationships. Indeed, the degree of casional independence of thought or family can realize its optimum in decompatibility and harmony between action, as all children at times do, a velopment and good relationships. To

the centuryold writing and some good sound spanking was the ever expect more of children than their modernday ideas is striking. handy remedy. developmental age or native abilities

Some of Elder Pratt's statements Elder Pratt wrote: enables them to produce, is to encould, perhaps, be better expressed for "Do not correct children in anger. courage nervousness and feeling of

people today in contemporary terAn angry parent is not as well preinferiority. This point did not escape

minology, but the implied principles pared to judge the amount of punishElder Pratt, indeed, he very succintly very likely would remain the same. ment which should be inflicted upon pointed out the close relationship beFor example, Elder Pratt wrote: the child as one that is more cool and (Continued on page 747)

"Let each mother commence with her children when young, not only to teach and instruct them, but to chasten and bring them into the most perfect subjection; for then is the time

when they are most easily conquered, and their tender minds are the most susceptible of influence and government."(Ibid., 1:454.)

It seems rather likely that the present-day equivalents of the words subjection and conquered, might be cooperation and trained, respectively.

Among the Latterday Saints, the family plays a vital role. The importance of the family and marriage

in both time and eternity is stressed.

One of the loftiest aspirations of man, exaltation, depends in large measure upon the existence and quality of family organization. In eternity,

families will assume an increasingly wonderful and meaningful signifiSgjvSgK cance. In light of the theological

emphasis upon the family, it seems less surprising that a century ago—A Lambert Photo

Elder Orson Pratt and others were and Governwill be childrenvery likelyas parentsto adoptand thatnot asformtyrants;of governmentfor they willin bewhichparentstheyin havetheir beenturn

able to write and comment on family educated.

710 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA RICHES AT YOUR imHBilii FEET

by Ezra J. Pouhen

plained with a sly twinkle, "I said to Martha, 'Now, Honey, would you like a big house and no garden: or a

little house with a garden?'

Martha replied, "I'll take the little house with a garden."The Harkers

worked thriftily on their little production project, and soon their vegetables and fruit trees grew so abundantly you could hardly see the tiny house from the road. With an adequate food supply at his very door,

Harry had no trouble saving a good portion of his earnings, and as the little Harkers came along, each learned to contribute his share of effort to the undertaking. In general,

the Harkers had the best of everything. Always debt free, they had a

"':';::.;: safe margin in their favor. They were

—Harold M. Lambert Studios also the first to help others when

The garden may consist of a few square rods in the backyard or it may include such help was needed.

an area up to an acre or more.

HPhe garden may consist of a few * square rods in the backyard or you want to be rich in material dition to brightening the individual it may include an area up to an acre

If and spiritual values alike, get hold virtues so important in Christian or more. The advantage of the larger

of a piece of the good earth and fellowship. lot lies in the fact that it furnishes

make it produce. This is an answer As a boy, I learned through the ample space to branch out into the

to high prices, high taxes, and the family grapevine about Harry Harker many different fruit trees such as rising threat of insecurity. Besides, who, in addition to being a leader in apple, pear, peach, and plum, toliving close to the earth is to learn the Church, frequently lent money to gether with several types of bush

the ways of God. many people in the community who fruits. These make a yearround

Though you may have overlooked were glad to give him a fair interest. menu when properly processed by

the fact, as millions of others have Harry was a quiet sort of person, home canning.

done, a home garden, pouring its working around at ordinary jobs. Good soil and water are necessary.

vegetables and fruits together with There seemed to be no reason why Most soil, however, can be brought the many dainties derived from them he should have more financial assets into good shape for gardening withinto the storage bins and on the table, than anyone else, but on rare occain a few seasons by the application has been a basic factor in helping sions he revealed the secret of his of manure, leaves, and other organic many families rise to a position of success. matter. Sometimes it pays to use

relative wealth and affluence, in ad- "When 1 was married,"he ex- (Continued on page 740)

OCTOBER 1955 711 Solomon Mack PART by Archibald F. Bennett

SECRETARY, GENEALOGICAL SOCIETY and His Family *mMmmm&m

of it, ordered heard he Abercrombie front, in followed rangers When the offensive sent strong out and provinof strong a Rogers detachment with (in provincials regularsWithby scouting parties of and by way Wood to rangers, cials, go infantry light down and solid the English red masses), to Creek harass and South the Bay the boats, cross mountains the lake in pushed forward to the assault. English. the narrow waters of Lake Champlain, andto

cut off the enemy. But though Rogers set

Across the rough ground, with its maze A large scouting party of the enemy came out at two in the morning, the French reof fallen trees..., they could see the top round by Skeenesborough, at the halfway treated so fast that he arrived too late. As

of the breastwork, but not the men behind brook, and cut off a large number of our he was on his way back, he was met by it; when, in an instant, all the line was men and teams. One thousand of our men a messenger from the general with orders

obscured by a gush of smoke, a crash of set out to go to Skeenesborough after the to intercept other French parties reported exploding firearms tore the air, and grapeenemy, five hundred of them were sent back, to be hovering about Fort Edward. On this

space the musketballs* wholeshot swept and steps, his the retraced through as he marched just and to South we Bay the enemy

. tempest. like a English had..The his forest thence of and up made way out been got our to went enemy gotreach.—the

bayonet; to the the carry withordered works relic of to a old Fort Anne,. Creek.., recruited, Ticonderoga they Wood then & got came

but their ranks were broken by the obstrucafter us. We scouted by WoodCreek. On former wars, abandoned and falling to detions through which they struggled in vain the 13th day (of August) we got to Fort cay. Here, on the neglected "clearing"that

to force their way, and they soon began to Ann. The centery [sic] came and told me surrounded the ruin, his followers encamped.

fire in turn. The storm raged in full fury that the enemy was all around us. Major They counted seven hundred in all, and

for an hour. The assailants pushed close to Putnam led out the party, Maj. Rogers bro't consisted of about eighty rangers, a body of

the breastwork; but there they were stopped up the rear; marched in an Indian path Connecticut men under Major Putnam, and

by the bristling mass of sharpened branches, three quarters of a mile—the Indians lay in a small regular force, chiefly light inwhich they could not pass under the mur- a halfmoon; Major Putnam went through fantry....

front crossfires from them that sweptderous their fired ranks; Putthey upon this time his observed Rogers had us—Major Up to

fell exback, they At lengthand flank. tied to taken and a tree, and nam was silence an usual caution, commanding on the

impregnable. that the works wereclaiming killed Indian would had it not have him fires forbidding march, but, at night; and

.. a mile and aAbercrombie, was. who Lieut, his rescued been for a French who signs enemy, of an seeing no he forgot

half in the rear, sent orders to attack again, life—the enemy rose like a cloud and fired himself; and on the following morning, the

and again they came on as before. a volley upon us, and my being in front eighth of August, he and Lieutenant Irwin,

The scene was frightful: masses of infuribrought me into the rear—I turned little to of the light infantry, amused themselves by

ated men who could not go forward and the right—the tomahawks and bullets flying firing at a mark on a wager. The shots

would not go back; straining for an enemy around my ears like hail stones, and as I reached the ears of four hundred and fifty

they could not reach, and firing on an was running, I saw a great wind fall little French and Indians, under the famous enemy they could not see; caught in the enforward, which seemed impossible for me partisan Marin, who at once took steps to

tanglement of fallen trees; tripped by briers, or any other man to mount, but over I reconnoitre and ambuscade his rash enemy.

stumbling over logs, tearing through boughs; went, and as I ran I looked little one side, For nearly a mile from the old fort the

shouting, yelling, cursing, and pelted all the where I saw a man wounded, (the Indians forest had formerly been cut down and while with bullets that killed them by scores, close to him) who immediately, with my burned; and Nature had now begun to

stretched them on the ground, or hung them help, got into the circle. Gershom Bowley reassert herself, covering the open tract with

on jagged branches in strange attitudes of (or Rowley) had nine bullets shot thro'his a dense growth of bushes and saplings aldeath. The provincials supported the reguclothes and remained unhurt. Ensign Wormost impervious to anything but a wildlars with spirit, and some of them forced cester had nine wounds, scalped and tomacat, had it not been traversed by a narrow

their way to the foot of the wooden wall. hawked, who lived and got well. Indian path. Along this path the men were

the last on, comtwilight came... As file. forced in single to march At about in the morning The battle commenced

left were none and withdrew,batant seven o'clock, the two when they had until 3 o'clock, continued marksmen when but and killed, lost in had Abercrombiethe dead. bet, their decided before the left and us. heavy our gathered dew wounded and dead We hundred nineteen missing, andwounded, of the night dried was of bushes, the our ring; half there a upon was up in men 20

officers fortyfour men. andand the slung their party out. set to packs sent taken, and killed and and we wounded

Fort Edward for relief to help carry our Putnam was in the front with his ConThe morning after the battle the wounded, it being 80 in number, we made necticut men; Dalzell followed with the

regulars; Rogers, his rangers, and with died biers to carry them, many of whom in haste, "andEnglish reembarked

rear the brought slender of the long 14 miles. up and passage, being the distance on the in a the lakeretreated to the head of

line. led himself the shoulway, Putnam

[sic] wofully dejectiondisorder and of their withcontrasted the pomp This vivid account is good history. deringand justthroughas the bluffthe bushes,yeoman gunemergedin hand;from

advance. A gallant army was sacriAgain we find amplification in the them to enter the forestgrowth beyond, the

ficed by the blunders of its chief."account by Parkham: air was rent with yells, the thickets before

filled Indians, of were with him one and Mack, wrote Solomon "The army,"chief, them, sprang a Caughnawaga upon parties, of scouting) (French These some In George.""returned back to Lake in him, hatchet to hand. time He had consisted of several which men, hundred

a short time, on the eighth of August, were generally more or less successful; and cock his gun and snap it at the breast of

it fire, his assailant; but missed he was and... fight. of another dangeroushe surprised was in destroyed one them and o

seized instantly into the back and dragged soldiers. forty large train escorted a wagon by strongly reinforced,fc> tookMontcalm,

.. forest. firing the began.. Then The

2Parkman, op. cit., Vol. II, pp. 312313, 317318. 21A Narrative of Solomon Mack, pp. 7-9. French and Indians, lying across the path

712 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA quainted with her."The marriage

record reads:

Solomon Mack, of Lyme, Conn., married

of Dan'l, of East dau. Lydia Gates Haddam,

4, 1759. of East Jan. Haddam,

Lydia Gates was the daughter of

Daniel Gates and Lydia Fuller, and was baptized in the East Haddam

Congregational Church, October, 29, 1732. Her lineage has been authentically traced to many prominent

American colonists, including seven

Mayflower passengers: Edward Fuller

and wife and son Samuel; John

Tilley and wife and daughter ElizaTilley, married Howwho John Marlow, New Hampshire, home of Solomon and Lydia Mack—17611773 beth

2,i land, passenger. another She proved

in a semicircle, had the advantage of posiThis agrees substantially with the eminently worthy of her heritage tion and surprise. The Connecticut men account already given by Solomon and in turn left the impress of her

fell in disorder; but back bushes the among faith culture refinement upand and experiences his subsequent Mack. Of rallied, in held checksoon and enemy

posterity. of generations the her on fight after the the latter at Ft. Anne, of latter Dalzellwhile and Rogers—thethe

his for activity zest and With strugnearly a mile was wrote:whom behind—were

gling through briers and thickets to their getting ahead in the world, Solomon aid. So close was the brushwood that it I was almost beat out, but I went to Mack was soon embarked upon other

full get could half before a they hourwas stores after to returned the Albany and adventures.

of in followerstheir kind ranged some it I being thence home, went army.—From

23 in then of front theorder even and enemy; fall, tarried in winter. the the through and I spring, set In out 1759, another the on

for fight himself to forcedeach was man

I Point, to campaign. and went Crown

... could. best as he

I I set sutler's kept there a shop which up stated, discharge, as His already... hours. lasted firing about two The

I clerk of years, a employed by means two 1758. 18, 3, Dec. dated was Nov. of way, On the gave length CanadiansAt some for purpose, not myself that knowing how

folIndians of rest the the and Frenchand 1758 paid 45 pounds Solomon Mack to to write, or read, any amount, what... field the Rogerslowed. remained on to for eight in acres Daniel Beckwith I lost printed. written, others or had my in all fortynine his dead, buriedand own

to able Clerk, not properly being adand Society of the adjoining North Lyme, to his march he resumednumber. Then 24 I lost accounts, just 'what accumulated had lot the previously purchased. he had the carrying theFort on wounded Edward,

all several for for industry years, hard by till litters of next day, the when branches acacquainted with became an He of education. youthful want with wagons a coming detachmenthe met complished I young leaving the named After woman accumulated, army by after relief. sent soon his out partyto A

silver of industry, a handsome and sum Gates, a Lydia schoolteacher. was who foundfor they the that reported had purpose

I it gold, in of purchased, the with town the She of daughter was Deacon French hundred buried a than moreand and Indians.... Daniel Gates, who was a man of Granville,and paid forsixteenit on deliveryhundred ofacresthe deed,of landbut

The adventures of the captured Putnam wealth, living in the town of East besides I was to clear a small piece of land were sufficiently remarkable. The Indians, Haddam, Connecticut. "To this on each right and build a log house. 27

after rear, to dragging the lashed him him young woman,"he wrote, "I was (Continued on following page) to thatfast a tree so he could not a move limb, and a young savage amused himself married shortly after becoming ac- -5Lyme Vital Records, Vol. I, p. 92.

Genealogical Utah 'MThe and Historical Magazine,by throwing a hatchet at his head, striking -M Narrative of Solomon Mack, p. 9. Apr. 1929, Vol. 20, pp. 6474.

into the wood as close as possible to the Lyme Deeds, Vol. 10, p. 153. 27A Narrative of Solomon Mack, p. 9.

mark without hitting it.... When the

retreat began, the Indians hurried him along with them, stripped of coat, waistcoat, shoes, and stockings, his back burdened with as many packs of the wounded as could be piled upon it, and his wrists bound so tightly together that the pain became intense. In his torment he begged them to

kill him; on which a French officer who was

near persuaded them to untie his hands and take off some of the packs.... When

they encamped at night, they prepared to burn him alive, stripped him naked, tied him to a tree, and gathered dry wood to pile about him. A sudden shower of rain

interrupted their pastime; but when it was

over they began again.... As they were

yelling and dancing their delight at the contortions with which he tried to avoid the rising flames, Marin (the French commander), hearing what was going forward, broke through the crowd, and... dashed

brush,aside the prisoner, untied the burning 22 -;-'::.:.:':'':?''"::::.,.: >-:: j::

his angrily tormentors. upbraidedand

22Parkman, op. cit, Vol. II, pp. 328333. Meetinghouse in Marlow, New Hampshire.

OCTOBER 1955 713 SOLOMON MACK AND HIS FAMILY

(Continued from preceding page) principally in the vicinity of the happy, in the way I was educated, the Lord would not suffer me to prosper. I was not of Colchester. of grants towns land and were beLyme Numerous 33

yet discouraged.

first settlers of soldiers officersing were Thomas and made to Among the the French and Indian War. Soloand Samuel Gustin, Elisha and Solo18, 1762, "Solomon January On

fertility of the well HuntJasper and Mack, Nathan knew Mack monmon of Co., Lyme, London Mack New 31 mililey, his this soil in Tubbs."areaof the These from and Joseph Conn.,"had sold his dwelling house,

all relatives. virtually expeditions. graphic service scoutingtary were and A

in land, barn, 60 acres, about and of of east is given just situated accountGranville Solomon by Mack was 16s. for 7d. 72 pounds, Lyme On

their experiences: Ft. in pioneering foughtold Anne, where he had

April 4, sold another 1765 he 23 acres

Rogers;1758 and with and Putnam

in to dwelling of MarIn with the town house 1761, we and moved Lyme it line. lay to the later next Vermont four until low, remained where we had we for his 9s. to barn thereon 118 pounds

It years before.was some there the actual children. we moved When it was brotherin-law Abishai Tubbs; and

wilder- a desolate and dreary of Granville began.settlement no other than

14 acres to his there for 33 pounds within resided families ness. four Only land bought in Lyme. On He also Huntley. Nine I Amos into a brotherin-law forty miles. Here thrown was

8, the "Pro1759 he paidFebruary talents fully situation the to appreciate later more in of 7 acres days he disposed prietors of the Common and undivided and virtues of my excellent wife; for, as our Lyme for 7 pounds; and on August 1,

in 18 of the Township Lyme"ofLand asshe schools, children deprived were for sold acres 118 1766 23 he of their education, the charge and just sumedshillings for pieces small two 3i still It that appears pounds. he instructress of as duties the performed an of his barn onnorth house and own

in for in residence is maintained Lyme, of. Precepts save capable mother, a none,

lot. April 1761his 6, he home On as hers, such examples with accompanied is called each he "Solomon deed Mack

for the in acres 16paid 40 pounds impressions the calculated were on to make of Lyme."North Society of Lyme; and on May minds of the young, never to be forgotten.

9, 1761 he paid another 28 pounds, She, besides instructing them in the On May 12, 1767 he was chosen 2 shillings and 10 pence for an addivarious branches of an ordinary education, "Deer Reeve"of Marlow. On Octotogether of calling the in habit was them 28 1, 15, ber again 1770 and on May tract.tional

evening, teaching and morning both and of laid acres land 1767 100 had he brothers the older and Meanwhile pray; to urging meanwhile them upon them 35 in petition to In a Marlow. himsisters other, of necessity love as out the each toward of Solomon had grown Mack

to maturity. His eldest sister Phebe well as devotional feelings towards Him of the Marlow proprietors dated

them. made as "Pro30, 1771 appear December relawho her Huntley, marriedhad Amos

first In children became this manner my of prietors the purchase"by names sister,tive, the next 21, 1749; May piety, of in gentleness, habits confirmed and

Elisha and Abishai Tubbs, Mack,Deborah, married WoodNathan had assistance reflection, great afforded which worth of Lyme, June 23, 1756; and in guiding those who came after them, in Solomon Mack. At least ten of the

Hannah, next after Solomon, had the same happy channel. The education other men who signed were their

of children a would been have my of more relatives. the taken was A census of Saymarried Levi Bartholomew

if task, difficult inherited they not had in of famelys"Marlow, "Heds Janu1757. 11, His youngerbrook, October of their excellent disposimother's much

32 1772. the twentyary 7, Among Lydiabrother tion. married had Samuel

Brainerd of East Haddam, February eight heads were eleven known relathe either tives of on Solomon Mack the of those hazards and The pain this 14, 1758. 20 Hepzibah, about

sides. 30 his or Huntley and frontier the for Mack experiences called He on Abishai the wife oftime became

Tubbs. Stephen, at the age of 18, the utmost hardihood and grim enbrother Elisha were included among

enlisted April 18, 1760, in the New durance. them; also Jasper Huntley, who on

York Provincial Troops, being deDecember 31, 1768, had married

I into proceeded then country the back at sister youngest Solomon's Azubah, rollscribed in as 19, aged a muster clear to a farm. I began Soon work me 30 to Lyme. Connecticut.farmer, born Lyme, in the cut but unfortunately woods, my

his wife Lydia Solomon Mack and enlisted of 1762 In the he leg lay campaign the care the under Doctors and whole on March 24 in the First Connecticut season, which cost me a large sum and Gates had these children, all except life. I underwent everythe first probably born in Marlow:Regiment. He was reported dead on well nigh took my

December 10, 1762. Two cousins, thinghand butthatdeath,inflictedbut thethoughtchastisement.nothing of Mythe 1. Jason, b. abt. 1760.

Orlando Mack and Stephen Mack, family arrived, and we were in the wilder- 2. Lovisa, b. abt. 1762.

who enlisted on March 15, were reness and could do no business. Previous to 3. Lovina, probably a twin, b. abt. 1762.

ported dead on December 5 and this, however, I freighted a vessel and went 4. Lydia, b. 1764.

I sold my cargo ex- 5. Stephen, b. June 15, 1766.September 5, respectively. 30 to New York, where

About 130 miles north of Lyme, tremelyby a galehighof andwind,returningmy vesselwas wasovertakenmuch 6.7. DanielSolomon,Gates,b. Jan.b. abt.28, 1770.1773.

Connecticut, was an area in New damaged; but we made shift and got to

Hampshire which was chartered as Long Island, and there we left the vessel. Shortly after the birth of the child,

I arrived at in the sometime home and Marlow,a township named to family Solomon, Jr., the moved winter, vessel the did poor enough, not

7, 1761 to Wilgranted on October miles eight Gilsum, about till I nearby spring. arrive the next Afterwards

liam Noyes and sixtythree others. broke my wrist, with which I had a great southwest of Marlow. The village

"The grantees were from Connecticut, deal of pain and expense; for a long time lies in a deep basin surrounded by

I labour. unable to do any Though was

still to sought great myself and make Vol. 1, 53, 91, 88; East Had- V. R., pp. 2Lyme

dam V. R., Vol. LR6, p. 513.:::iA Narrative of Solomon Mack, pp. 9-10.

'Muster Rolls of New York Provincial Troops, 1760, 31Hammond: Town Papers, New Hampshire, Vol. Lyme Deeds, Vol. 10, p. 450; Vol. 11, pp. 29, 79,

p.. 234, in New York Hist. Soc. Coll., 1891; FrenchXII, p. 572. 277: Vol. 13, p. 410.

Indian War Rolls, Vol. II, pp. 314, 319, in Conn.:aHistory of Joseph Smith, By his mother, Lucy X'Town Papers, New Hampshire, Vol. IX, p. 548.

Hist. Soc. Coll., Vol. X. Smith, 1945, ed. pp. 5-6. mbid-, p. 546.

714 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA opposite extreme is being maintained. Parents are too lax in teaching

their children.

"Train up a child in the way he Should Parents should go."(Prov. 22:6.) Family

life largely forms the character of the children. Good character is essential for success in all phases of

life. By precept and example (mereBe Teachers ly telling is not enough), you may

by Elizabeth Adamson teach your best lessons. Children

are taught best by the example of love in duty by those they love.

\\WMUWH\n*HMtHHVWH\WHHUV* >vn*****w*w* Consistency of teaching and of example is necessary, also. The father

of one family held a very high position and was honored and respected want my child to choose for himThe parents who can instil devoby his neighbors and associates. He

self. I'm not having him join any tion and faith in God.in their chilwas oldfashioned in his manner of

I church now. When he is old dren already have laid a good foundateaching and disciplining the chilenough, he may join any church tion for a fine and happy life. The dren. His word was law. When he

to be obeyed. expected spoke, he He of times have value thanking our wishes."Heavenlyhe many How

all attend his children insisted that for phrase? or family a similar our food Father heard this and ofyou

This seems to be a popular noprayers night and morning gives Church gatherings. He was also very

tion among modern parents. They spiritual joy and gratitude in the strict with himself in such matters.

are reluctant to teach their own rehome. People who pray together do But the inconsistency was that his

ligious beliefs to their children. These not drift very far apart. wife always stayed home. Conseparents do not seem to realize that In our modern Latterday Saint quently, between being driven and

history has proved children who rehomes we must teach by example the forced and seeing their mother do the ceive no spiritual training often choose principles of honesty, dependability, opposite, the children wilfully drifted to live without religion. and righteousness. It is the responaway from the Church as soon as

Then there are other parents who sibility of the home to teach the three they became independent. Example

and teaching are not a one parent believe children should be taught re- R's: righteous living, reverence, and

ligion; however, the church should responsibility. job. It requires the work and coof operation children are the both if instruction. have the righteousness?furnish teach They do we How

parents. of to fulfil the the hopes to see living. that righteous comparisons Reverence? the By Bynot made

Teaching is begun while a childchild is receiving from his 168 hours devotion to prayer and to Church is feel cradle. yet in the Babies the of religious principles teachings. Responsiand in a week only 2 l/2 hours joy, atmosphere. to teach baby What children instruction. spend should be given bility? Each member Many

more time in movies than in church. responsibility. Work in the home lips their first lisping prayer; to kneel

Even fundamentals of arithmetic are should be shared, so that parents and yourself or to bow as a family with taught the child for a longer period young people can spend some of their a parent or one of the children prayof time. Are we putting first things leisure time together. ing for all. It is important to hear

the children express their individual first? Unless are capable wise and we

faith for prayers and blessings the of are desirous parents parents havteach Most these by example who feel they are family. needed the by theiring a children principles of with honesty, grow up dependability,

Faith prayer in and hand. go hand of gospel, vibrant the a righteousness, fall andknowledge of short we

is Faith the key to power without and its of attitruth, allconviction our goal in spite of an and acour other it life is empty.

result intude that will works. complishments. good mothers, As upon

To realize this ambition parents must whom the greater share of the teachPresident J. Reuben Clark, Jr.,

take some of the responsibility for ing burden falls, when we die it says, their training. doesn't matter whether we have

set in must order our houses; We own scrubbed important our most floors every and or not, day The first

see must that we our children are properly is of life but it does gained at matter to beschooling or whether not taught; they must understand the what comhome. Religion should be the foundawe have taught our children the prinmandments of the Lord are, and we shall

tion of that education, for it is the ciples of the Church, including the not have our skirts clear if we do not do most powerful and sustaining force in Word of Wisdom, having family all that is in our power, not alone by prehelping us meet the realities of life. prayer daily, and whether or not our cept,live accordingbut by example,to the principlesin bringingof themthe gosto

It helps us to face danger, disappointchildren have a testimony of the gospel. In no other way can salvation and

ment, and sorrow. Religious faith pel. exaltation come, and our troubles will be

helps us to put our trust in the Lord. Many parents of years gone by ingreat... if we fail in teaching our children

properly. are too coming to the much We faith acquired early inThis sisted must be their to be abword was law, point where sin condone instead forof we

life. It exercised throughout solutelylife and attitude, unquestioned. This giving the sinner, repentant is there and a

is a great influence and blessing in because of its severity, drives away difference between those two things.

every Latterday Saint home. rather than encourages. Today the (Continued on page 762)

OCTOBER 1955 715 by Mary Ek Knowles

thin. knocked on was tall and ramrod Minnie Gramps abruptly, her very and early when awokeNorma pair of rusty awaken- a baggy was wearing I keep the door. "Pardon He was, me for first thought How can

Gramps out of sight during the ing you, Dr. Sawyer, but there's a black trousers, a bluestriped shirtparty this afternoon? tramp at the back door, and—without collar and tie, and a brown

Because keep him out of sight she "Well, feed him,"David mumbled vest. His irongray hair showed re-

"'Never turn a hungry cent combat with comb and water,must! The women—mostly residents sleepily.

of the exclusive neighborhood into man away.'That's what my grandwith the hair the victor.

which she and David had just moved mother used to say,"his voice David said, "Gramps, you old—would take one look at Gramps; dwindled off. tyrant!"And Gramps turned from the

they'd hear his crude speech and be "He insists he knows you,"Minstove, his whiskery face breaking into insulted by his blunt observations. nie's voice went on, something akin a smile. "Where did you come

Oh, they'd be polite enough at the to panic in it. "'You go wake the from?"

party, but afterwards! Norma could doc,'he said, 'tell him there's some Gramps flipped three pancakes.

almost hear Mrs. Schuyler Payne's buttermilk pancakes on the griddle "Hitchhiked from Pleasantville. Got

cultured voice, "I was shocked to meet for him.'He's down there now, going a hankerin'to see how you was

the young doctor's grandfather. Why, through my cupboards!"makin'out."

he's nothing but a tramp! Dr. SawDavid sat up with a jerk. "Gramps!"

yer seems like such a brilliant young He was out of bed, thrusting his arms "I'd have sent you money, Gramps."

man, but really, my dears, blood will into his dressing gown. Gramps patted his chest. "I've

tell, and you can't be too particular "Your grandfather is here, David?"got plenty money pinned to my shirt.

whom you select for a family doctor."Norma had asked. Always wanted to go cross country,

The others would agree, Mrs. "Yes, my grandfather, honey,"he so I lit out last Wednesday."This

Schuyler Payne being the undisputed chuckled. "And unless I'm very much was Tuesday. "I can only stay a

leader of the social set, and that mistaken the first batch of pancakes week. Eloise,"Norma learned later

would be that. She and David might is all ready!"that Eloise was his prize China sow,

just as well move back to the apartNorma had trailed after David out "is due to farrow then."

ment on Locust Street! of the bedroom and down the stairs. Gramps moved over to the cupShe looked at David sleeping the She thought of Colonel Ashby, Mrs. board, and Norma had noticed his

sleep of exhaustion. He'd had a Schuyler Payne's father, with his walk, the quickness of his step, his

night call—the Watson baby on dignified walk and his goldheaded feet toeing out just a trifle. "There

Third Avenue. Maybe he would get cane. He was retired, too, and lived now!"he'd flipped goldenbrown

paid, but more likely he wouldn't. with Mrs. Payne. pancakes onto the platter. "Set now

The good practice, the paying patients Norma had stopped in the kitchen and eat while they're hot. You, too,"

were in this part of town, and now doorway stunned by what she saw. he commanded Minnie. A smile

David would lose out! Gramps was standing at her new tugged at the corners of his fulllipped

"Why did Gramps have to come?"electric stove, one of her embroidered mouth, and his nostrils quivered with

she thought resentfully, "and if he tea towels tied around his waist, inamusement.

had to come, why did he pick this dustriously spooning batter out of a "She wasn't goin'to let me in,"he time?"large mixing bowl cradled in his left said. '''Dr. Sawyer wouldn't know

Gramps had arrived yesterday arm, and spreading it in the heavy anyone like you, and tramps aren't morning, unheralded. It had been iron skillet. allowed in the neighborhood.'"

716 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Norma had seen David flinch, and "Don't worry, David,"she told him. "Is everything all right with Gramps,

she'd scarcely tasted the pancakes. "I'll be tactful."honey?"he asked anxiously.

"What are we going to do, David?"Gramps was standing in the back- "Sure, darling. Don't you worry."

she'd asked when they were alone in yard under the maple tree, wiping If only the party went as she their room. his forehead with a blue bandana planned it! In the first place know-

"Do? Why, Gramps can use the handkerchief. He looked up as she ing a famous authoress well enoughguest room and—came over. "Ain't them nice brick, to give a party for her had been a

"What will the neighbors think Normer? Know that old building feather in Norma's hat. Last Wedwhen they see him?"down the road a piece? One they're nesday Mrs. Schuyler Payne had "I don't give a hang—tearing down? They was glad to sell given her a lift to town, and Norma

"This is a critical time in your me all the bricks I need. Bought had noticed Malvina's book on the

career, David. The impression we cement and sand, too, and borrowed seat. She'd picked it up. "So Mally

make now is terribly important."a trowel."He grasped the handles finally wrote her African novel."

David had run his fingers worriedly of the wheelbarrow. "I'd best get "You know Malvina Prescott, Mrs.

through his dark curly hair. "I'm back for another load. Three barrows Sawyer?"Norma could tell Mrs.

not going to hurt his feelings no matought to do 'er."Payne was impressed.

ter what it does to my practice!""No, Gramps!"she said harshly, "We were roommates at Stanford.

Norma thought, Tomorrow I can and then at the hurt look on his Malvina will be here next Wednesday drive Gramps to Crystal Lake and face. "Start it now. Let me see how between planes."

keep him there for the rest of his it's going to look.""How I'd like to meet herl"

stay. But today? What to do with He winked at her. "You'll have The inspiration had come then, full

him today! the purtiest fireplace in this neighborblown. "I'm giving a reception for

All of a sudden the early morning hood."Malvina, Mrs. Payne. I'd love to

quiet was broken by a shrieking, gratNorma thought hopefully, "Maybe have you come. Wednesday from

ing sound, and David sat up in bed he'll stay in the backyard laying brick two to four."

with a jerk. "Shades of my boyall day."When she went back in It was almost one o'clock before

hood!"He was across the room to the the house, David was just leaving. Norma had time to look out Tie winwindow with Norma at his side, and dow and see how the fireplace was

the sound came closer like a dozen progressing. She was startled to find

cats on a torture rack. that there were only a few bricks

"What is it, David?"left! Just about the time the guests

David's chuckle was slivered with arrived, Gramps would be leaving for exasperation. "Gramps has found a another load of bricks. He certainly

wheelbarrow, my pet. An evil twin was fast, she admitted. They should

to the diabolical vehicle that used to have someone like him working on shatter my boyish slumber. Just look the medical building.

at him!"The medical building... Maybe

She watched Gramps push the pro-... she went quickly downstairs and

testing wheelbarrow to the back of the out to the backyard. "Why, that's

lot and dump bricks into a pile ungoing to be wonderful, Gramps,"she der the maple tree. Then with a look said. "I think it's marvelous to be

of determination, he grasped the able to build something like that. You

handles of the wheelbarrow, wheeled should see the new medical building it around, and at the same moment going up. Why, every time I go to

Norma heard windows go up, and town, I stand and watch the workers."

faces, wearing indignant expressions, "Where's the building, Normer?"

thrust out all along the horseshoe Gramps'face showed interest.

bend of the street. "Over on Farrow Street, across from

Norma quickly opened the window. the library."

"Gramps, wait!""Well, now, I'd like to take a look

Gramps looked up, his face wreathed at that."

in smiles. "Mornin', Normer. Got Norma chose her words carefully,

you some bricks. Goin'to build you suddenly shocked at herself. "Oh,

an outdoor fireplace."no, Gramps, it's too far for you to

walk! I forbid you to go!"

"I'll be right down, Gramps. Don't Gramps globbed mortar on bricks

go away."with an angry gesture. "Soon as I

David caught her in his arms as lay these last bricks, I'm goin'to be she opened the door. "Go easy, on my way!"

honey. Remember, I wouldn't be Dr. "David can't take you and—

David Sawyer if it weren't for "I'll walk,"Gramps said.

Gramps.""Well, all right,"Norma gave a

She knew what David meant. When reluctant sigh. "I'll lay out yourGramps knew David wanted to be a good clothes and—

doctor he'd worked all one blistering "Clothes I got on will do."Norma

summer and sent his wages to David. (Continued on following page)

OCTOBER 1955 717 A DISGRACE TO THE FAMILY (Continued from preceding page) Cantwell,"Norma said. "She has a cruel thing. She said, "He's Dr.

saw the stubborn set of his mouth wealthy banker husband and chronic Sawyer's grandfather. He's here from

and let well enough alone. indigestion. The pretty darkhaired Pleasantville visiting us for a week.

Later Norma stood at the window woman is Mrs. Floyd Barrows. Lucy You must meet him."

and watched until Gramps was out Barrows. Her husband is something She could hear Gramps talking to

of sight.- It was a long walk to Farimportant in steel. They have four Minnie in the kitchen. She opened

row Street. He would be gone until children, and all four still have their the swinging door wide. "Gramps,"

evening. She whirled around and tonsils, adenoids, and appendixes, she called, "come in here. I want

then walked slowly through the and—"you to meet my guests."

house. She loved this old home with "And the handsome grayhaired Gramps appeared in the doorway.

its spacious rooms, its glossy walnut woman in the blue linen?"Norma said loudly, "This is Dr. Sawwoodwork, and many paned windows. Norma let her breath out in a little yer's grandfather."

How nice the table looked covered gasp. "Mrs. Schuyler Payne. If she Gramps smiled a broad smile. "As

with her lace tablecloth, her gleamgives the nod, the others follow."I walked around the side of the house,

ing wedding silver and china. They The doorbell rang. Malvina said, it was like standing outside a chicken

had chosen furniture that would com- "Relax! They're only people!"coop and listening to a flock of hens

plement the antiques she had sent Norma thought of Malvina's words cackling."He bowed slightly, his

from home. The right background as the afternoon progressed. Everyfeet turning out, his eyes twinkling.

was so important to a young doctor. one she had invited came, and they "Purty, young hens, you understand."

It was the only kind of advertising all loved Malvina, and Norma knew He looked down at his attire. "Exhe could do. that everyone was having a good time. cuse me bein'in my workin'clothes.

Norma was placing platters of She moved from group to group, reDidn't know I was going to be instrawberry tarts on the table when laxed now. vited to a party. Be back in a minshe saw a taxi stop in front, and Only Mrs. Payne remained a bit ute soon as I change."

Malvina get out. Norma went to the aloof. So Norma was delighted when There were a few wellbred laughs

door. "Oh, Mally darling!"She Mrs. Payne told her, "I like the way as Gramps walked across the room

hugged 'her friend. "It's good to see you have redecorated the house. I with that jaunty walk. Across the

you. You're looking marvelous."was so afraid, when I knew young room Malvina's eyes met hers, and

"And so are you, darling. Marpeople were moving into the old Malvina began to talk rapidly about

riage agrees with you."Walters'home that they would go the new book she was writing,

"Sit down, Mally,"Norma said modernistic. But you haven't painted and then Gramps was back in hiseagerly and indicated the divan. the woodwork and—"best togs"—black trousers and white

"Let's have a few quiet moments be- "Paint this lovely solid walnut!"shirt and fireengine red tie.

fore the mob arrives."Norma exclaimed. "That would be The rest was nightmare, with

Malvina sat down and smiled. She sacrilege."Gramps moving about freely and perwas tall and blond and very lovely "You are perfectly right,"Mrs. fectly at ease, with occasional lulls

with her wide brown eyes. "How is Payne said approvingly. "I was sitin the conversation and Gramps'voice

David doing? Building up a good ting here admiring the walnut secrerising above the rest.

practice?"tary. It's beautiful!"It was when Norma heard Gramps

"Oh, Mally!"All of a sudden "Thank you. It belonged to my tell Mrs. Schuyler Payne, "Hogs ain't

Norma was telling Malvina everygreat-grandmother Crawford."dirty naturally. You give a hog half

thing, even about Gramps. "Where are you from, Mrs. Saw- a chance, and he'd be clean as you

Malvina laughed. "He sounds like yer?"are,"and saw Mrs. Payne looking

a wonderful character for a story. Norma told her about her childdown her long, wellbred nose at

Where is he?"hood in California. Then in the midGramps that a kind of numbness stole

dle of a sentence Norma looked out over Norma. It lasted until the last

Norma told her, conscious that the window and saw Gramps coming guest had gone, taking Malvina with

Malvina was looking at her disapup the walk! She was not aware that them to the airport in a car that had

provingly. at look "Don't me for until like she gasped Mrs. said, room had Payne but none—Norma that, Mally. is a marvelous Gramps

it, is her. Mrs. thought Sawyer?""What significantly—forMalvina for a storycharacter not but a marof reply looking kind Mrs. Payne then was She even made some And

velous grandfather for a young doctor out the window, too, saying, "Who is when Gramps said it was a jimdandy just starting out. Dr. Cabot has been that old man? I do believe he's the party, and if she could spare him

he's these doctor, people's but past he'd go for another load of went now, retirsame one who my house ing soon, if only could and oh, David this bricks. a pushing morning very early

be their doctor!"disreputable wheelbarrow. He's turnIt was when she heard the squealMalvina smiled understandingly, ing in here."Mrs. Payne looked ing of the wheelbarrow that the

"Darling, I'll impress the socks off sharply at Norma. "Does he live numbness left, and she burst into

them, and here come the first victims. here?"tears. Let Gramps go after a dozen

Give me a quick sketch of each one."Norma thought, I'll tell her he's loads of brick. It didn't matter now.

Norma looked out the window at our yard man, and then I'll slip out Everything was ruined.

the three women coming up the walk. and head Gramps off before he comes She heard the dining room door

"The tall thin one in the rose print in here. But suddenly she loathed swing open and Minnie's step. Norma

dress is Mrs. Bruce Cantwell. Nina herself for even thinking of such a (Continued on page 744)

718 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "Come, follow me...

and I will make you fishers of men."

—Photo by C. C. Pierce

DearI almostTom: feel as though I know hasscientists,produceddoctors,prophetsartists,andmusicians,apostles,

you. The things Brother Palmer authors, teachers, statesmen, insaid about you 1 make you seem ventors. Have you ever taken the

very real to me. Even if you don't time to learn about them? Thinkhave a surname, Tom, you are still DEAR TOM about these noteworthy men and

a real person, and you do have an women. Isn't it an honor to have

inheritance awaiting you. by Margaret T. Goff such brothers and sisters?

Did you say, "I would give everyThere are millions of others—men

thing I own to know who I am"? So and women whose names are not

would we all, Tom. It's the very known to the world, who know what

integrity is, what honor and kindnessgreatest need we have—to know who you, Tom. You have a whole family

we are, why we are here, and where of brothers and sisters here on this and uprightness mean; who cherish

we belong in the scheme of things. earth with you. these principles and teach them to

And this is something that we can Why should you drift over the their children. These also are your

know. earth? Why should you be without brothers and sisters. You belong to

German E. Ellsworth, former presi- a home, without friends, without the same great family. It's up to you

dent of the Northern California Misloved ones? You can find a brother to make yourself a worthy member

sion, has said repeatedly, "Rememwherever you look, if you seek with of that family.

ber who you are!"What does he love in your heart to find kinship with I agree that you need a name, Tom.

mean by that? You, Tom, don't the rest of God's children. So many Why not take upon yourself the name

know who your parents were; you of them are worse off than you are. of Christ as he would like you to do?

were given no last name; and yet you, Haven't you something to give to There have been others before you

have adopted the surname Christoo, should be remembering who them, Tom—a smile—a kind heart? who

you are. Haven't you some encouraging words tian. Why not become Tom Christian

Our Savior said, "... call no man to give? Don't you know some young or Thomas Christian? Accept the

your father upon the earth: for one boy who needs befriending? Haven't name legally, and bear it proudly.

is your Father, which is in heaven."you seen any need among men that Then you would really have some-

(Matt. 23: 9. ) Maybe you can't know you know how to meet? If you are thing to live up to!

your earthly parents, Tom, but you loving and kind, Tom, you will also If you should seek to know our can know your Heavenly Father. be greatly loved. The closest family Savior, to follow in his footsteps, to

"... all ye are brethren,"said the ties develop from love and service to bear his name honorably, he would

Lord. (Idem 8.) He was talking to others. welcome you with open arms. Can't

Tom, you have a wonderful famyou hear him saying, "Come unto

Father's Palmer, Blessing,"The William R. "A

Era, 1955, p. 150.Improvement March ily—the human family. Your family (Continued on page 763)

OCTOBER 1955 719 v j s g vv** p.**** *, r > v,

hear or tell, the type of books and magazines we read, and the words we use should be of such high standard that they would be acceptable in the presence of God, COURAGE for truly, "the glory of God is intelligence."

It is the mission of those of us who have this light of truth to spread it throughout the rest of the world, INACTION to demonstrate to people, as Daniel showed the king of Babylon, that to live by these strict codes will bring by Jim McFarland them happiness and power to resist temptation. To

do this we must have courage and be able to stand unashamed before any opposition and hold true to our has been said that we are a peculiar beliefs.

people. As members of the Church we are Courage in action was well demonstrated by one of

different because of our beliefs, for we our early missionaries. When spreading the light of

are a chosen people, called out of the darktruth in the Southern States, the leader of the angry ness and into the marvelous light of the mob shouted, "Shoot that man,"and pointed to Rudrestored gospel. It is our calling to live faithfully to ger Clawson. Twelve men raised their guns and covthe truth that will make this light shine bright and ered him. He looked into the blank, deathdealing

guide us away from the obstacles and rocks of temptamuzzles and folded his arms. "Shoot,"he calmly

tion and into the harbor of a faith courageous. said. A blackness came over him; he could not see.

Throughout the ages, this truth which we are proud He felt the presence of the angel of death. Finally,

to defend has never been changed. In olden times after an eternity, dimly out of the distance, he heard

young people met with basically the same temptations another command, "Don't shoot."His calm faith in

as the young people of today, for in all ages there have God and his cool bravery had saved him.

been peculiar people; for example, Daniel, when still Would you believe for a minute that this stirring

a young man in his teens, met with a situation which, demonstration of faith courageous was an instantaneif he had let it, would have dimmed the light of his ous impulse? No. It was, rather, a solid wall of faith

faith. He along with three other captives of Israel and courage, built on a firm conviction of the gospel.

was chosen to be trained for three years as personal He had read and believed the gospel of John, wherein attendants to the king of Babylon. However, the it says:

to parexpected Daniel wasfood drink of which and

I you, spoken things These that unto might have in me ye his beliefs, to accordingtake unhealthful was shall peace. In the tribulation: ye world as have have be but

were the moral and spiritual standards prevalent in of good cheer; I have overcome the world. (John 16:33.)

the kingdom. So Daniel requested of the king that What a great promise to be given to us! No mathe and his friends be permitted to eat of vegetables ter where we go in the world, when we meet with

partaking of for rather than ten days waterand or tribulation, of the Spirit the temptation God will be m results of were the experiment food.king's The thing there to guide our Heavenly us. The only

favorable, and the four Jewish youths were permitted Father asks is for us to have the faith and the courto live in this way during the remaining three years age to say that we are not ashamed of the gospel of of their training. Christ, and that we will live by it until the end, for

At the end of this time, they were found to be far truly in the end the just shall live by faith.

superior to their fellow students both physically and (Concluded on page 722) intellectually, and indeed wiser than all the learned men of Babylon. Their superiority was traced to the

God they were not ashamed to worship. Daniel not

only had the courage to refuse to partake of the king's food, but also the courage to stand up before the king and explain his beliefs to him. Because of Daniel's

firm conviction of faith and courage to secure the food and drink which met the standards of his belief, he was rewarded with much power in the kingdom.

This firm conviction of Daniel's did not develop overnight but was nurtured throughout a clean life from a spark of truth to a brilliant, courageous faith.

We are a peculiar people because of the principles and standards we follow. Young people of the Church

are taught to live by a very strict code of moral ethics.

We believe in keeping our bodies physically strong, mentally awake, and morally straight, by not taking into them unclean things or thoughts.

We are taught that the kind of stories and jokes we

*Adapted from a talk given at the speech session of the MIA June conference held in the Tabernacle.—Plioto by Camera Clix

720 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA It's our way of introducing to you and your family our

HOSPITAL, SURGICAL and LIFE PLAN that only YOU can cancel!

Commercial Travelers Insurance Comperience justifies such a change) or it may pany is making available a new Family be discontinued at your option.

Life Hospital, Surgical Plan and Group is lowcost, noncancellable This plan after renewable, that year is guaranteed just a regular surthan hospital and more year no matter how many claims you may gical plan because it also provides benefits don't rent have. this policy—you You own in case of death and accumulates cash or

it! this policy."can say, "Cancel Only you as well. values loan

of If ages 18 the are and between you is believe this so exceptional plan We in qualify health can now, and 59, good offering are that the Server Salad we it this plan, that for be guarantee can we cost in to without the that you hope you life. for further guarantee continued We will give us to further an opportunity will of the rate remain the that premium details the explain to family. your and you to the date age of purchase the from same

of 65. After 65 the policy may still be THE SALAD SERVER IS A GIFT

maintained at a rate deemed necessary by -YOUR INQUIRY PUTS YOU UNthe Company (if the Company's loss exDER NO OBLIGATION.

Fill in and mail this Commercial Travelers Insurance Co.

P. O. Box 2520 coupon TODAY!

Salt Lake City 10, Utah Please send.me a FREE Salad Server and information

about your new, noncancellable Hospital, Surgical and Life

Plan. I am under 60 years of age. I understand that filling in

INSURANCE COMPANY gatethe cardme. and accepting the Salad Server will in no way obliNAME

STREET ADDRESS

32 Exchange Place Salt Lake City, Utah CITY. STATE.

OCTOBER 1955 721 changes from the darker—especially COURAGE IN ACTION hues."* to the lighter

Daniel did not see fit to change the (Concluded from page 720) wellexpressed by Richard L. Evans rules he lived by when he was away

Each day the test seems to come. when speaking of people who by from home, nor did Elder Clawson.

Last spring I was associated with necessity had to leave their homes. But we do not need to be confronted

ninetyfour other young men from "Fundamentally there is only one set by assassins or be tempted with evil every state in the Union, but someof rules. If a thing wasn't right or in faroff places to demonstrate our

how I was singled out among them ethical at home, it isn't right or ethical faith courageous. Each day of our

because some of my beliefs differed away from home. If a thing wasn't lives each of us has the opportunity

from some of their own. The consound morally or spiritually where to brighten that light of truth within

vention was held in the center of the we came from, it isn't sound morally us by having the faith and the courcity of Chicago. I was repeatedly inor spiritually where we're going. Some age to resist the very smallest temptavited to enter burlesque shows, to day when all this has passed, most of tion.

have cocktails, cigarets, and other us are going to want to go back to If we, living by our daily acts, dethings which did not conform with those places from which we have velop a faith that is courageous, we my teachings and beliefs. Had I not come, and take up life where we left will be able to exclaim with power

the necessary courage to say no to it.... it is well to keep in mind and elation, as did Paul, "For I am

such temptations, no doubt today I that we do not change our identity not ashamed of the gospel of Christ:

would be wondering why that beacon when we change our environment. for it is the power of God unto salvawhich guides me had become so dim. We cannot change color, like the tion to every one that believeth,..."

I am thankful for that Godgiven chameleon, and expect to change (Romans 1;16.)

faith. quickly back again. The colors of

This truth which we believe in was character tend to resist ready change (New*Evans,York:Richard1942), L.,p. 7.This Day and Always

But when the Latterday Saints were called to Utah, the town began to empty, and Pisgah gradually faded Pisgah entirely away.

In 1866 the Church purchased the twoacre plot where the cemetery lay, and in 1888 a tall stone monument Mormon Landmark was erected to mark the important site. by Lorraine V. Buckman Historians explain the absence of

individual grave markers because such littleknown cemetery in Iowa a practice would give the Indians no

the courageous because In any case, Latterday of 3,000 communityA is all that remains of the thriving clues to the community burial plot. first piothe were some of 1846 until Mormons fromSaints who lived there

1852. neers to take their companies across

Travelers on Highway 34, across these particular sections of Iowa, govthe midwest, would be inspired by ernment surveyors officially labeled a visit to this hallowed spot. It is the route from Keokuk to Council

northwest of the Talmage viaduct, Bluffs "The Mormon Trail."

along a winding country road and There are some other important up the hill after a right turn at the Mormon landmarks in the state: a

"T"in the road. bronze tablet on Chief Keokuk's

From the cemetery slopes visitors monument at Rand Park, Keokuk, see the fertile, peaceful valley which marks the origin of the trail; and

Mormon scouts found in the spring other historic points are at Chariton, of 1846; and they were so impressed Lewis, and Council Bluffs.

with the spot, which they named Mt. Yet the old Mount Pisgah cemetery

Pisgah, others in the party were represents the courage and faith of brought on to settle on these slopes. the Latterday Saints who for six years

Homes were open to weary groups made a comfortable resting place for of Saints making the trek west, and those who must push westward. Perit is estimated that over 15,000 made haps this spot was the very most vital

Pisgah an important way station. It way station between the Mississippi

was just about halfway across Iowa,—Photo courtesy Iowa Development Co and Missouri rivers. Today the peaceand the fertile fields and the large ful setting envelops the visitor in a

of history made and faithnatural spring provided food and Pisgah,MonumentIowa, oneto theof thePioneerslast tracesat Mounto the serene sense water for man and beast. historic Mormon Trail. proved.

722 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA drainageWhyCHASEcopper systems are 6dS/6t to

20 -foot lengths mean that fewer joints are needed.

Entire system lightweight, easier to handle and to assemble.

Chase SolderJoint Fittings are easily, rapidly made.

Chase Copper Water Tube—with Chase weight system—so easy to install, yet

SolderJoint Fittings—make an ideal rugged enough throughout to take plenty

waste, vent or soil line system... a quickof hard knocks.

ly installed, more economical system Your Chase wholesaler will be glad that does a better job, lasts longer. to give you full information on this more

A Chase drainage system is a lightefficient type of drainage system.

When you buy products made by Chase Brass and

Copper Company, you buy Utah mined copper.

Copix* m Xftah Division Kennecott Copper Corporation

Good Neighbor Helping to Build a Better Utah

OCTOBER 1955 723 by President Milton R. Hunter ARCHAEOLOG OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY

and the BOOK OF MORMON Part VI Horses in Ancient America

is a fact of interest and much sessed by the Maya Indians of that March 26, 1830, makes the claim that

It significance that prior to and at land. H Furthermore, as far as the auhorses lived upon the American contithe time of the publication of the thor knows, none of the early explornent throughout Jaredite and Nephite

Book of Mormon "... the profane ers or missionaries to the Indians in times. There are eleven statements

histories... were a unit in the either North or South America rescattered throughout this ancient recthought that no horses existed here corded in their journals the fact that ord regarding horses, all of which inprevious to their introduction by the they had observed horses among the dicate that horses were among the

Spanish."1 Dr. Frederick J. Pack emIndians during the earlier part of the animals in ancient America. Some of

phasized the fact that when the colonial period. Perhaps these facts the statements definitely maintain that

Prophet Joseph Smith, aided by were the basic ones in causing historihorses were domesticated and used by the power of the Lord, translated the ans to be united in their declarations the inhabitants of this continent in history and religious teachings of that there had never been horses on ancient times for purposes similar to the ancient Americans and pubthe Western Hemsphere prior to the those for which other peoples have lished the account under the title of coming of the Spaniards, and so a used them. Also, the writer finds no

the Book of Mormon, he published little over one hundred years ago it evidence in the Book of Mormon to statements regarding horses which was a universally accepted belief that the effect that the horse became exwere completely contrary to the unithe Spaniards brought the first horses tinct before the close of Nephite hisversally accepted belief that horses to America. tory. The latter few references to

had not existed on either of the In direct opposition to that belief, them seem to indicate that they were

American continents prior to the disthe Book of Mormon, published on abundant during that period.

covery of the New World and the 3Diego de Landa, (cir. 1556), Relation de las Cosas The Jaredites, who migrated to

Spanish conquest. To quote: deHunterYucatanand Thomas(1941 ed.),Stuartp. Ferguson,203, citedAncientin MiltonAmericaR. America from the Tower of Babel

and the Book of Mormon (Oakland, 1950), p. 310. and flourished as a great nation for

... It should be remembered that this

book was published at a time when even the most profound thinkers were positive that no horses had existed previous to the

Spanish conquest. The statements in the

Book of Mormon relating to the horse were at that time used by its opponents as proof that the book was untrue, and written by with even acquainted not wassomeone who history. of facts crudestthe

Possibly historians had come to the foregoing conclusion because the

Spanish conquistador es of Guatemala,

Yucatan, and the valley of Mexico were mounted on horses while their opponents, the Indians, possessed no such animals and were completely unfamiliar with them. Father Diego dc

Landa, in reporting on conditions in

Yucatan at the time of the Spanish conquest, mentioned the dog as being the only domesticated animal posiFrederick J. Pack, "Revelation Antedating Scientific Instance,"Era Improvement The occidentalis Leidy). taken (Equus bones SKELETON Horse HORSE OF WESTERN vol.(Salt Discovery—AnLake City, February, 1907), 10, pp. 242the asphalt deposits from displayed of Rancho Angeies in the Los La Brea County and now243

-Ibid., p. 244. Museum collection. Courtesy of Chester Stock. Note scale at right for size of herse.

724 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA hundreds of years, possessed numerPiSSJ!

ous horses. Ether, the last of the

Jaredite prophets, mentioned some of the animals that his people had used in ancient America for many centuries before the time of Christ. He wrote:

And they also had horses, and asses, and there were elephants and cureloms and cumoms; all of which were useful unto man,

and more especially the elephants and cureloms and cumoms.*

The Jaredite historian pointed out the fact that his people domesticated some of the animals and used them in doing farm work. The following

is quoted from the ancient records:

And they did make all manner of tools with which they did work their beasts/'A large variety of animals survived An Indian pictograph of the likeness of an unbridled horse in Picture Canyon, Cimaron the American continent after the ron County, Oklahoma, which shows that Indians in early times were acquainted with close of Jaredite history, supplying the horses.

needs of the next group of colonists goat, the wild all manner litand goat and lost very the Nephites Perhaps peothe inhabited the land. Thesewho

for of animals, were wild which of the use tle kinds in various capturing time their e called Nephites,ple and were... of men.

listed useful animals the Nephi by as designatedbrethren Lamanwere ites. The progenitors of the Nephites 1 Nephi 18:25. and domesticating them, since they

and Lamanites migrated to the Westwere familiar with such animals and ern Hemisphere under the leadership their usefulness, having just arrived of Father Lehi and his son Nephi. from Jerusalem where such animals

They came to America from Jeruwere known. At least it is definite

salem, leaving the holy city in the from a statement made by Enos, the year 600 B.C. Upon their arrival, son of Jacob, Nephi's brother, that by

Nephi, the historian of the group, 421 B.C. the Nephites had domestimentioned the fact that they found cated the horse and other animals.

a variety of animals here. He named In the words of Enos:

some of the more common species which are usually domesticated for NephiAnd didit cametill theto land,pass thatand raisethe peopleall manof the use of man. Following is his ner of grain, and of fruit, and... herds

statement: cattle of kind, every and and goats,... of

goats, also horses. wild and many

And it came to pass that we did find as of journeyed promise, the land weupon before ninety years Approximately pictograph of Indian section from an A beasts there that the wilderness, werein era, four Christian of the the opening of section the a southwestern showing US, of forest kind, the the both everyin cow goats. probably horse driving a some on man II's the sons of refused King Mosiah ox, ass horse, the the the and andand is early of example Indian Pueblo and This an

lives in to their order devote crown it gives writing evidence Inthat the and 9:19 (Italics throughout.) 4Ether author's

*Ibid., 10:26. dians of preColumbian days rode horses. to missionary work among the

Lamanites. Ammon, the oldest of

these sons and the chief one among them, became the servant of one of the Lamanite kings named Lamoni, who resided in the city of Ishmael. 8

On a certain occasion King Lamoni inquired of his servants regarding the whereabouts of Ammon. Following is

the reply:

And they said unto him: Behold, he is

feeding thy horses. Now the king had commanded his servants, previous to the time

of the watering of their flocks, that they should prepare his horses and chariots, and conduct him forth to the land of Nephi, by the father of Lamoni, who was the king over all the land.

A section of the same Indian pictograph shown above which depicts a horse with (Continued on following page) its rider shooting a deer with an arrow. One of the illustrations on the pictograph ap7Enos 1:21.

pears to be a wheel. 8Mosiah 27:34; Alma 17:1827.

OCTOBER 1955 725 ARCHAEOLOGY AND THE BOOK OF MORMON

(Continued from preceding page) Mediterranean world where horses all their substance, and did march forth of thousands, tens by thousands and by It that chariots extensively. heard king used were Lamoni Amand when Now

all to place until forth the they gone had horses his preparing andnion was for thing the natural have been his would that should they appointed which been had because astonished,chariots more he was his associates to have and Nephi to together, gather themselves defend themsaying:of of faithfulness the Ammon, 12

their to their selves that against enemies. knowledge brought new servant thereSurely has been not any

among all my servants that has been so home and put it in use when they faithful as this man; for even he doth found horses here in America. In reporting conditions the followyear, ing the Nephitesremember having had all my commandments to execute principal the of the Since purpose

them. possessions, all their to gather time of acto give an was Book Mormon

the historian once again mentioned religious of history the of the count that reports The Book of Mormon as that being among numbered it horses of ancient America, inhabitants event thereaftershortly the following collected. they which had To quote: or acless by have been more wouldoccurred:

cident that horses were mentioned at

Now when Lamoni had heard this he all in that record. In perusing the robbersTherefore,to plunderthere andwas tonoobtainchancefood,for savethe

should his servants thatcaused make ready the Book of Mormon, writer was in against it were to come open battle up 10 his chariots.his horses and as the Nephites; to surprised the being Nephites find horses and in one mentioned

often as they are; and certainly they body, and having so great a number, and

interesting the in item The most reserved provisions, for themselves are referred to enough times to supply having and horses of every and cattle, and flocks that fact is the quotationsforegoing existence of their evidence convincing kind, that for subsist they the space might period thatduring in ancient America and usefulness of years, in did they seven time hope which the evenmon history ofLamanites—theBook of Morof off to the destroy robbers face the from Jaredite during Nephite both and

the land; thus the eighteenth year did and times.

pass away.,Nephites—werepeople with an inferiordriving horsesculturehitchedto the In the year 17 A.D., approximately

indito factto chariots. seems This

inthe years after seven one hundred later years ) the Eight A.D. (26 war exthat horses rathercate used were

of horses cident Lamoni's King and of over, the righteous part was more in aidtensively at that time as an chariots, the recordkeeper again once the victorious. Nephites been having to thetransportation and, according

casually indicating horses, mentioned As part of his report of this event, the of these ancientBook AmerMormon, that they were considered among the recordkeeper wrote: oficans constructed a network had possessions valuable Nephites of the

roads connecting the principal towns:

at that time. He stated that the And now it came to pass that the people

To quote: Gadianton robbers had become so of the Nephites did all return to their own

in the sixth land year, twenty every and that righteous the more cast there up, numerous were highways And many his family, his flocks with his man, and collected in portion of the Nephites city roads made, led fromand which many herds, his cattle, horses his all and and city,to from and all place for their possessions land to land, and from one the things that did belong unto them. 14 11

to place.place of it easier to protect purpose making

themselves from the robbers. To When the resurrected Messiah apIt is reasonable to believe that the

to quote directly from the Nephite recpeared, the Nephites taught and ofchariots the Nephites and Lamanords: them the same gospel which he had vehicles, besince wheeledites were

fore migrating from Jerusalem the... the proclamation of Lachoneus had proclaimed to the Jews before his

progenitors of these people lived in the gone forth throughout all the face of the crucifixion, in one of his discourses he land, and they had taken their horses, and said: "... I will cut off thy horses

18:9-10. "Alma 20:6. their chariots, and their cattle, and all their out of the midst of thee, and I will mbid.,

"3 Ncphi 6:8. flocks and their herds, and their grain, and destroy thy chariots"15 Jesus would

not have spoken of horses and chariots if his listeners were completely unfamiliar with them.

From the foregoing quotations, it seems quite conclusive that horses were more or less numerous in ancient

America and that they were extensively used by the Nephite and

Lamanite peoples as well as by their predecessors the Jaredites. Also, the

evidence presented does not indicate that horses became exterminated during the period of Nephite history, nor is there evidence found elsewhere in the Book of Mormon to that effect.

Prior to the publishing of the

Nephite records, no fossil remains of jMrlifl (Continued on page 728)

A section of an Indian pictograph of the Southwestern Pueblo 3:22. colt. riding horses, Indians, three also one and showing men This Ibid.,13Ibid., 4:4.

illustrates in early extensive times the fact that the Indians made ulhid.,

use of horses. 15Ibid., 6:1.21:14.

726 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Now give your car yearround protection against both major causes of engine wear with one remarkable new Double -Duty oil

NEW CONOCO Super MOTOR OIL

Here's why your car needs the benefits of this unique ALLSEASON motor oil:

Today, you can forget about making those OilCleansing conquers corrosive wear by once necessary seasonal changes of motor neutralizing combustion acids... by holdoil! Now, your Conoco Dealer has a wondering moisture in suspension... by "sealing

ful new "allseason"motor oil—New Conoco up"particles of dirt, dust, and refuse.

Oil in the gold the Super can with Motor (in Conoco Super New 5W20 and 10W30 It's first band. America's DoubleDuty motor grades) gives benefits, other It too. you prooil, fulltime which protection get means you

.. starts safer motes and. helps warmups both against of wear. engine major causes

.. preignition reduce. improves gas mileage

OilPlating conquers friction wear by plating up to 15%... coaxes maximum power from

a tough film of lubricant to engine surfaces. your highoctane fuel. Your Conoco Dealer

And it's a film that's sure to "stay put"has this "allseason"motor oil. Ask him for

even when your car's engine is stopped New Conoco Super Motor Oil in the can overnight with the gold band.

1955, Continental Oil Company Get Conoco AllSeason Oil... in the Can with the Gold Band

OCTOBER 1955 727 ARCHAEOLOGY AND THE BOOR OF MORMON (Continued page from 726) at living in the horse America was CLABBER GIRL

.. horses had been time of found be-."iy This Columbus. on the Western Hemisphere, and so science at lief is still held by practically all

that time was silent on the matter. writers. Only last year Dr. Paul

However, after the Book of Mormon Herrmann, a German scholar, stated came from the press, geological disthat "... There were no horses in

coveries made by scientists supported America prior to Columbus,..."20

the claims made by that book and Also, Robert Moorman Denhardt, divine revelation by producing suffiwho in 1947 wrote an entire volume cient evidence to fully establish the on The Horse of the Americas, mainfact '... that immense herds of tained that:

horses roamed the plains and forest of America centuries before its dis-... Only the fossils of the original horse

covery by the Europeans,..."1(i whichremainedinhabitedwhen theColumbusWestern reintroducedHemisphere

On October 5, 1833, only three and Spanishbred mounts into the New World half 1493. case, after the one years Spanany... In the when Book of Morin

iards horses. arrived, there were no press, the from came mon Charles

Darwin, while on a scientific trip around the world, discovered "... the In Flower and Lydekker's work on

first evidence of the existence of anMammals, published in 1891, the folcient horses"in South America. In lowing statement appears:

reporting the foregoing evidence, DarFossil remains of horses are found win wrote: abundantly in the deposits of the most rein geological cent age part every almost that Here's a trick makes a treat In the deserts at Pampaean the Bajada, of in Eschscholtz the America, from Bay

I... baked apple doughnuts also teeth found that... of the Toxoden and in north In south. the to Patagonia that

have the airy lightness of a puffy Mastodon, and one tooth of a horse, in the continent, however, they became quite exdeep-fatfried doughnut yet are same stained and decayed state. This lattinct, and no horses, either wild or domestiter greatly tooth (I interested need me cated, existed there at the the time Spanof flapans. in muffin baked The state hardly is that here there evidence good is ish the conquest, remarkable which more of fall apvored freshness new against living horse in any at the America as, horses introduced the from Europe, when

ples plus flavorfresh Clabber time of Columbus) and I took scrupulous that ran wild proved by their rapid multipliGirl make for a fine example of care in ascertaining that it had been imcation in the plains of the South and Texas contemporaneously with the other climate, that the food, circumand other fresh ingredient baking. bedded

remains; for I was not then that aware for their stances highly favorable were

amongst the fossils from Bahia Blanca there existence. The former great abundance of

(horses) in America, their complete BAKED APPLE DOUGHNUTS wasnor wasa horse'sit thentoothknownhiddenwith incertaintythe matrix,that Equidaeextinction, perfect acclimatization and their

Yield: 12 doughnuts the remains of horses are common in North when reintroduced by men, form curious,

America. Lyell lately Mr. brought had beaten 1 sifted 14 1 cups but as yet unsolved problems in geographimilk flour cup Hegg, States from the horse; the United tooth of a cal distribution."teaspoons grated cup 1 raw %allpurpose XA

it fact... Certainly in the is a marvelous apple Girl Clabber

}4 cup melted Baking Powder history of that in South the Mammalia salt butter teaspoon 14 lived The American Museum of Natural or America a native horse should have teaspoon \4 margarine ground 14 cup sugar nutmeg teaspoon \4 ground and disappeared, to be succeeded in after History in New York City has decup sugar 1

H cup shortening cinnamon ages by the countless herds descended from voted considerable attention to the the few introduced with the Spanish colocollecting of ancient of remains Amer17 flour, Sift together Powder, Baking salt, nists.

sugar. nutmeg, and \4 cup Cut in shortextensive ican horses done and has

ening until mixture is fine. Mix together

egg, milk, and apple; add all at once to In 1866, a scientist named Andrew research in that field. The studies

quickly ingredients and mix dry but Murray published the data then of the scientists connected with this x lJ4inch 2)4 thoroughly. Fill greased

institution that demonstrated have in F. a 350 pans muffin Bake % full. on horses in ancient America. known

minutes, to 25 20 (moderate) oven horses in ancient "... range America quote: pans. or To until golden from brown. Remove

Immediately roll doughnuts in melted greatly in size, in fact even more than in margarine, then sugar and or butter that existed in the the horse know We giOld the Shetland, diminutive and the mixed been which cinnamon have subseprevious toand both and World New gether. Serve warm. gantic Clyde."23 In a pamphlet pub-

... glacial Extinct to the quent epoch.

species are known belonging to three genera lished in 1903 on the horse, under a

Jvw&u Jiumj of horses in the drift or postglacial detopic headed "Fossil Remains of the

Remember, it's the fresh ingredients posits of a recent period.... The ocAge of Man,"the following statements

in your of of homebaked recipe that currence rehabilitation a distinct the are made:

taste better; things species make in both South common by man

Stay fresh longer! first trace of it and North America. The

In the early part of the Quaternary.., 1S discovered by Darwin. was

CLABBER Period, wild species of horse were to be

Australia. every continent except found on ghuY that concluded then Murray And

of these horses true native have Remains "... it established that no was well

luIbid., p. 166.

1GPack, op. cit., p. 243. "Paul Herrmann, Conquest by Man (New York,

17Charles History Natural Geology Darwin, and MOVfBTlSlOj

Visited Countries the During the Voyage of H. M. ofS. 1954),a:1 Robertp. 180.Moorman Denhardt, The Horse of the

is now Exclusively Known Beagle Round the World (New York, 1846), vol. 1, Americas (Norman, Oklahoma, 1947), p. 5.

as the Baking Powder pp.18Andrew165166. Murray, The Geographical Distribution of pp."-Flower381382.and Lydekker, Mammals (London, 1891),

with the Balanced Double Action. Animals (London, 1866), pp. 134135. Pack, op. cit., p. 246.

728 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA been found buried in the strata of this age in all parts of the United States, in Alaska, in Mexico, in Ecuador, Brazil, and Argentina, as well as in Europe, Asia, and Africa.

All these horses were much like the living species and most of them are included in the genus Equus....

All these horses became extinct, both in

North and South America. Why, we do

not know...,a

A complete skeleton of a horse was found in northern Texas in 1899 by an expedition of scientists sent out by the American Museum of Natural

History. Numerous specimens of fossil horses have been found in various

parts of the United States, especially in Nebraska, Oregon, Florida, Texas,

Arizona, Kansas, and Louisiana. The

following is quoted from an official publication of the Los Angeles County

Museum on the subject of existence of horses in early times in America as is evidenced from the finds made in the asphalt deposits of Rancho La

Brea:

The presence of herds of horses in the vicinity of the asphalt deposits during the period of accumulation is clearly testified to by the numerous remains of these mammals found at Rancho La Brea. While many

individuals are recorded in the collections, all of them belong to a single species, the extinct western horse (Equus occidentalis

Leidy). In stage of evolution and in general body structure this type resembles the

modern horse, although differing from it in a number of specific details. Standing on

the average about 14'/2 hands (4 feet, 10 inches) at the withers, this animal was of the height of a modern Arab horse. It

was, however, of considerably heavier build....

These horses, like their living relatives, were onetoed animals. Limb and body

are supported by the enlarged third toe, while slender splintlike bones represent the elements which during an earlier history of the horse group were more fully developed and carried the second and fourth toes. The hoofs in the Rancho La Brea species are distinctly smaller and more Enjoy America's smartest

existing larger type of in the thanslender greater si.li* service to America's smartest again, a respect In this horses.

resemblance is seen to exist with the asses winter playgrounds and zebras.

occidentalis, has been Equus The species, isolated teeth heretofore and $>cLOS ANGELES JOrSAN DIEGO 4pALM SPRINGS byknown fragmentary skull material collected in;6cLAS VEGAS $':PHOENIX TUCSON

Pleistocene deposits in Tuolumne County

J and in the Buena Vista Lake region of Euxnry beyond compare...nut wo extra fare

Kern County. Following indentification of

this form on the basis of the complete remains at Rancho La Brea, Equus occidentalis has been recorded from several additional Pleistocene locations in California.

It is now known by many specimens that have been recovered from the asphalt deWESTERN posits of McKittrick. AIRLINES

Horses were among the more common types of hoofed mammals on the North

American continent during Pleistocene time (Continued on page 732)

2VW. D. Matthew, Supplement to American Museum

Journal (New York, January, 1903), cited in ibid.

OCTOBER 1955 729 J AS GENERAL ELECTRIC SEES IT.. m

Here are 5 ways to

For every 5 new engineers industry needed this year, there were only 3 graduated from U. S. colleges

In 1955, U. S. industry had jobs for an estimated 37,000 engineers; our colleges graduated 21,500."""This shortage, typical of

recent years, is creating an increasingly serious problem—for engineers and scientists hold the key to progress in this

swiftmoving technological age.

At General Electric, for example, nearly 17,500 of our people are trained in engineering or science, and we have opportunities for a thousand more technically trained people each year. The need may

double in the next 10 years.

As we see it, industry, working with educational institutions, can do much to solve the shortage. On these two pages are some

of the things we believe will help:

* Estimates are from the Engineering Manpower

Commission of the Engineers Joint Council.

3 collegesHelp schoolsoperatefinancially.in the red.NearlySincehalf1922,of G.E.'sU. S.

aidto-education program has included fellowships, scholarships, and other financial support. In addition, the General Electric Educational and Charitable Fund matches, dollar for dollar up to $1,000 a

year, contributions by each employee to his college.

For a detailed discussion of our views on "Basic Relations Between Education and the

Economy"write General Electric, Department M2119, Schenectady, New York.

ill help solve Americas critical shortage ofengineers

guide people's careers. highschool students young More IHelp

the courses will take if they engineers they need to become know 2 Bringthe rolebusinessmenmath and scienceand educatorsplay in businesstogether.canAn helpunderstandingteachers preof

of the wide opportunities in the field. Since the 1920's, General pare students for careers. The group above is the latest of 1,450 highElectric has tried to create interest by distributing a variety of school school teachers to attend G.E.-sponsored summer fellowship protraining aids. (Above, a teacher counsels students, using a grams. Here they have the opportunity to study at several leading

G-E career guidance booklet, "Why Study Math?") In the past 10 colleges and to see firsthand the value of their work to business. We

years, schools have requested 63,000,000 copies of our training aids. have also conducted conferences for college educators since 1924.

with aptitude should above4 mustEducatecontinueemployeesafterontheythe job.startTheto developmentwork. At Generalof youngElectric,people C beEncouragehelped toselfdevelopment.move ahead. ForYoungexample,peoplethe young men

we have 12 formal educational programs; the oldest—Engineering joined our Apprentice Training Program as highschool graduates in—was started nearly 60 years ago. (Above, Clarence Linder, Vice1949; this year they are graduate engineers from the U. of NewPresident—Engineering Services, reviews work of engineers enHampshire after a 6-year workand-study program sponsored by our

rolled in our Creative Engineering Program.) More than 10,000 techMeter Department. Donald E. Craig, General Manager of the Denically trained men and women have participated in these programs. partment, congratulates the men and welcomes them to fulltime jobs.

Progress /s Our Most Important Product

GENERAL ELECTRIC a

Archaeology and the?/, WROVEMENT ERAS

Book of Mormon Will be d5ound and several(Continueddistinct fromspeciespagehave729)been described from fossil remains. The abundisap- the apparent in North America make runctdomelu lor dance and widespread distribution of horses

prior this region in of the group pearance to the advent of the white man an added onlu $30Q eventfuland an unusualcareer. 25 feature of their long and

... in the West's finest bindery at the Deseret Denhardt suggests that in the earliNews Press. Retain for permanent use the excellent est of times the horse may have origarticles instruction of lasting interand outstanding

Era. inated in America. To quote: est that appear monthly in your Improvement

You may have your editions of the Era handsomely bound now in clothcovered book form with gold It seems only right that America, apstamping. Cost is just $3 (prepaid), plus necesparently designed by nature to provide an

for year's issues. sary postage, the an entire Use for the founthe be ideal home horse, may

costs. rate following guide postage to determine

... 20 of existence. equine tainhead

All mail orders must be paid in advance.... During these long ages the early

least at abundant, and horse was extremely

Distance from Salt Lake City, Utah Rate the place from took four migrations New to miles 43 150 Up to these migrations, Old. the Of World

to miles.49 150 300

survived. of last wanderers only the group

to miles 59 300 600 600 to 1000 miles 73 In the Americas the original stock died out 1000 to 1400 miles 88 completely. From Manitoba to Patagonia

1400 to 1800 miles 1.06 the horse disappeared from the Western

Over 1800 miles 1.23 Hemisphere.

With the advent of the Spanish con-- quistadores, the American horse, after wandering far over the earth, journeyed again Deseret News Press to what may well have been his homeland

THE WEST'S FINEST PRINTERS AND BINDERS and to his rightful place in the history of westever hemisphere. moving Thus31 RICHARDS STREET PHONE EM 4-2581 SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH the

at had globe, the horse around the ward plains to the last returned of America—

Odyssey. American unique

For the Church of ThusMormonthe ofclaimshorsesmadein ancientby theAmerBook ica are supported by the numerous of that fossil have horses remains You Cherish asphalt in the not only been obtained, deposits of southern California, but also from numerous places through- a Wicks out the Americas. Furthermore, many

writers have made available to the public a vast amount of information Pipe Organ regarding the existence of horses on the Western Hemisphere in ancient times.

In a recent study (1951) on the 1 here is no substitute for the grandeur of a traditional pipe history of the horse, George Gaylord organ to enhance the beauty and dignity of religious services. Simpson gives the view usually preAnd, there is no pipe organ so true to this great tradition as sented by writers of our day. For

the Wicks. That is why so many of our greatest churches have example, he wrote:

chosen Wicks above all others.

The extinction of horses over the whole

Yet, we feel that our greatest achievement is building the same of North and South America,... is one

magnificent tonal quality into the Wicks Organs for smaller of the most mysterious episodes of animal fact, is about the history. doubt no There churches. budget, show you how, even on a modest we May

it say to for is doubtful the reason but church can your have incomparable an Or, Organ? Wicks 28

least. the perhaps, we can rebuild your present organ. A letter will

bring you full details. (Continued on page 734)

Chester Stock, Rancho La Brca, A Record of

Pleistocene Life in California (Los Angeles), pp. 4243.

'Denhardt, op. cit., p. 5.

'"Ibid., p. 9.

Story Horses, Simpson, Gaylord The George in World Throughof. and the Modern Horse Family the

Sixty Million Years of History (New York, 1951), p.

Wicks Organ Company Highland, Illinois 148.

732 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA IT'S PERFORMANCE THAI COUNTS!

CAPTAIN JOE S. ANDERSON tells why he uses FliteFuei

"I'm Captain of an American Airlines DC-7 Flagship. I know that Phillips 66 Aviation Gasoline is

outstanding for performance because we use it regularly. In 'Avgas'it's performance that counts...

and I judge automobile gasoline the same way.

"In my car I use Phillips 66 FliteFuel. FliteFuel is the only automobile gasoline with added

Diisopropyl, a highpowered aviation fuel component. It gives wonderful performance in my car."

ArSitper fierfiMn&ncef

If it's top performance you want, fill up with powerful new FliteFuel.

Today's FliteFuel is better than ever. Both new FliteFuel and new

Phillips 66 Gasoline have been fortified for increased power, higher octane, longer mileage. Both FliteFuel and Phillips 66 Gasoline are

cleaner burning, so they need no antifouling additive. Remember, the

one real test of motor fuel is: how it performs in your car. Try a tankful

at your Phillips 66 Dealer's.

Phillips Petroleum Company

In Driveway Service, too ffi TtetJbrmwce 7ft*f Counts?

SEE YOUR PHILLIPS 66 DEALER!

OCTOBER 1955 733 ARCHAEOLOGY AND THE BOOK OF MORMON

times. KITCHEI1 CHflRm (Continued from page 732) paratively modern postPleistocene

fauna, of which these the Brea La typical are members. WAXED PAPER variousDr. Alfredfinds S.ofRomerhorse discussedremains thein Thiswithforms immediately suggests a comparison

southwestern United States and then KEEPS FOOD concluded: that Dr. Frederick Pack stated FRESHER LONGER! he of the Professor W. D.J. Matthew

There is a very strong evidence that horses, two genera of camels, a mammoth, (Continued on page 736) the sloth, Nothr other ium, two extinct genera -Alfred S. Romer, In Jenness, The American Aborigand Widtsoe A. cited ines p. 72, in John (1933), of "antelopes,"the giant "cat,"Felix and

of the Book Claims S. Harris, Jr., Seven of Franklin

Aatrox, existed in the southwest in com- (Independence, p. 80. 1936), Mormon

y> >*K9v>j>X3vnS:5X!>5S

OL Beeammna or Jkl

Richard L. Evans

T ast week we spoke of the beginning of things—of men

*J who have had the courage to move into uninhabited places, and to make good beginnings. Today we should like

to turn to another side of the subject: of the beginning of

trends and tendencies > of the beginnings of habits; of quarrels; of good or bad qualities of character; of the beginnings

of the symptoms of siokness. So often we ignore the first

symptoms. So often we wait until things are well underway before we think they are serious or significant. So often

we wait until we are ill before we are willing to live in a way

POPULAR WITH MILLIONS that would have kept our health when we had it. Too much

OF HOUSEWIVES... of our lives comes under the category of trying to correct

AT ALL LEADING GROCERS things that shouldn't have happened. No doubt we should

learn better the practice of preventive medicine. There is a

premium for preventing things from happening that shouldn't happen. Sanitation comes under this category—preventing

disease from getting started, rather than curing epidemics.

Safety comes under this accidents from category—preventing

happening, rather than rushing to the scene of an accident with an ambulance. Fire prevention comes under this category-—keeping things from beginning to burn, rather than

running in with the hose and the ax after the fire has done its damage. Beginnings! Symptoms! If we would only

watch the beginnings of things and live as we ought to live, we could save ourselves many heartaches and spare ourselves many things that have no right or reason to get started, and we could prevent many tragic breakups between people who ought to keep close to one another. If we would watch

the symptoms in our boys and girls, the attitudes they have,

Samsonite thecoulddirectionsprevent theymanytendtragicto take,errors.and keep(We closehave toa them,right weto

folding chairs are parental intuition and to the guidance of Divine Providence in meeting the problems of young people, if we will live for strongest... last longest! it—and watch beginnings.) If we would watch symptoms,

Samsonite folding furniture is first showings, beginnings, we could come closer to keeping wonderfully sturdy, smart, comhealthy, to keeping happy, to keeping sound, to keeping longest, saves It lasts fortable.

money over the years! Most groupsolvent, and would not spend so much of our effort in trying

1 The beginnings of things—watch beginnings!—*ShwayderseatingBros.expertsPublicinsistSeatingon Division,Samsonite! to stop things that never should have gotten a good start.

Dept. 17. Detroit 29, Michigan

Send Information Q Have Representative Call

Name -Jke, Spokevijpohen, vWoi'dworn from temple square

Organization PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

Address Citv Zone State SYSTEM, JULY 31, 1955 Copyright, 1955

Also Makers of Samsonite luggage. Card Tables and Chair-s

734 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Give her "Country Good"SUGAR HONEYNABISCO GRAHAMS

wholesome as Nature!

Nature puts her best into NABISCO

Sugar Honey GRAHAMS—pure countryhoney, nutritious "real"graham flour.

And NABISCO bakes them to a goldenbrown, tendercrisp deliciousness.

Give them to the youngsters between meals. They digest easily—don't

"spoil appetites."This is the kind

with the flavor you like—the

quality you can trust. NOW EACH CRACKER BREAKS INTO

PERFECT SIZE FOR EASY EATING.

NATIONAL BISCUIT COMPANY

OCTOBER 1955 735 don't let ARCHAEOLOGY AND THE BOOK OF MORMON (Continued from page 734) To quote Dr. Matthew: moisture

American Museum of Natural His-... It is very probable that man... damage tory, New York City, played a large part in extinguishing the race

[of horses].... Whatever the cause, the your home... one of the foremost scientists, thinks horse had disappeared from the New World

it not impossible that some [horses] may when the white man invaded it (unless a have lingered on as late at the fifteenth few individuals still lingered on the remote century.... He implies that a few of them plains of South America), and in his place

may bison have lived down to the time of Columthe had come 31and spread over die bus.:!0 the North. of prairies

Muscur: to American ScienSupplement AnteDating Matthew, "Revelation;!1 W. D.

ii tific 1905), cited York, May, Instance,"(2nd Era Journal Improvement ed., New The

(Salt ibid. vol. 1907), 30FrederickDiscovery—AnLake City,J. Pack,June, 10, pp. 596597.

PROTECT NOW

with {Question or \cmulna 7%om/D4cn'4 Jhe

L. Evans WATER SEAL Richard

...the transparent, deeppene- Summer has all but slipped away. Every year it happens—

trating compound that LOCKS more swiftly it seems—and the passing of summer brings particularly for young people—MOISTURE OUT, permanently. with it decisions—decisions

decisions as to what to do for the future: whether or not

to return to school; whether or not to quit or to stay with

TWS PREVENTS: what they have started in life's long period of preparation.

Sticking doors and windows There is much reason for sympathy with young people in

Moistureinduced peeling of paint the decisions they face these days. First of all, they don't

especially. BeSeepage in concrete or plaster walls altogether own their own lives—young men

Mildew in damp areas sides the more or less "normal"reasons for restlessness, they

Rotting of leather and fabrics have added obligations placed upon them, and are faced with perennial and repeated intrusions upon their plans—all

TWS PROTECTS: of which adds an element of uncertainty. And often there

Wood Mortar Stucco Concrete seems to be something intangibly contagious in the very air

Plaster Linoleum Brick Stone and atmosphere, that prompts giving up prolonged preparation to satisfy immediate demands. But one of the great

Tile Canvas Leather Fabrics lessons of life is to learn to appreciate the opportunities for

Get TWS today for protection that preparation, despite uncertainties and interruptions. And

pays for itself—sold in convenient one of the great characteristics of youth is to have the courpint, quart and gallon cans. age and faith to face the future. It is true that there often

are real reasons for restlessness. But sometimes young people quit without real cause to quit. Sometimes they quit

because they feel that they must have more money—that

they must "work awhile,"that they will stay out "only this one year."But time goes so very quickly, and a year in

which we merely mark time or simply succumb to restlessness is likely to be a lost year. And so we suggest to you who are

young: That you 'settle down and make the most of your

opportunities for preparation, for development, for service, for seeing things through. The best thing you can do for

yourself, your country, your family, and your future is to can. as you The competent capable as yourself and make Available Now

ones loved your life and do for your thing can own best you

At Your Local is to make good beginnings as to the solid things, solid learnbegin to build solidly, to endure to the living—to

things through.* LUMBER DEALER end,ing, solidto see

Distributed by Uke Spoken Word from temple square

MORRISONMERRILL PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING & CO. *Rcviscd. SYSTEM, AUGUST 7, 1955 Copyright, 1955

Building Material Distributors 736 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

"Alfred Sherwood Romer places man in America when horses were still here."32 George Gaylord SimpYour captain

presentedson (1951) a number of and crew possible for the extermination causes of horses in both North and South will sail into this

America, maintaining that they were still here, however, while these contiOYSTER-TUNA nents were inhabited by man. To

quote: BUCCANEER

Did man possibly kill off the horses? It

is now clear that wild horses still survived both in North and South America when the earliest Indians reached these lands...

Thesefood—butIndiansin NorthprobablyAmericakilledtheyhorsescertainlyfor

killed large numbers of bison, and bison did not become extinct. If horses were

already on the wane, the herds becoming few and weak, then persecution by man might have provided the finishing touch. It

is, however, almost inconceivable that the

Indians alone put an end to the whole vast population of the late Pleistocene horse over so enormous an area. 33

Simpson also stated:

There are, indeed, persistent legends that wild horses still lived in the Argentine when the Spaniards arrived there and that their blood is mingled with that of jinetas in the feral pampas horses, but careful study by A. Cabrera and others indicates

that these legends are just legends. 34

The writer checked this possibility by writing to the Departments of

Agriculture of each of the South

American countries. A reply was received from practically all of them.

Those who replied were all in agreement that there were no horses in

South America at the time of the

Spanish conquest, and so it is evident that they have accepted the prevalent viewpoint of the complete extermination of horses before Columbus dis- e$sy seape tntfe with..

covered the New World.

Although almost all writers mainWhite Star Tender Tuna Cuts tain that the horse had been exterOYSTER-TUNA BUCCANEER Cook M/2 cups minated in the western hemisphere elbow macaroni as directed on package.

before the arrival of Columbus, it is While it cooks, melt 2 tablespoons butter.

extremely difficult to explain how wild Stir1 canin Willapoint1 '/; tablespoonsBrandflourOysterand Stew.liquid Cook,from

horses became so numerous in both stirring, until smooth. Add I cup diced procSouth and North America so quickly ess Cheddar cheese. Heat gently until cheese

following the arrival of the first Spanis melted. Mix with drained macaroni. Add

ish conquistador es; for example, in 1 can (6'/2- or 7-oz.) White Star Brand Tuna,

flaked, coarsely oysters stew. and from Heat Aires,1535 at Buenos Pedro Mendoza

1 '/j- serve into once. at shallow pour and Or

is to ". reported loose turned.. have dish, thin qt. baking top with dot tomato

five mares and seven horses, although wedges and bake at 375 (moderate] 15 to it seems more probable that they 20 min. Makes 4 servings.

would have been salted down for provisions"35 Fortyfive ye&rs later, the following was reported: Look /or -ffje Blonde Metmld

label the for America's On Greatest in Sea Food, Names the of second At founding Buenos...

in the Pirate and Ship Restaurant at Disneyland. inAires the that 1580, found Garay Juan

(Continued on following page) CHICKEN OF THE SEA, INCORPORATED, a Division of: -'Denhardt, op. cit., p. 5. Van Camp Sea Food Company, Inc., Terminal Island, California

::33impson, op. cit., p. 150.

Ibid., p. 147.

'Dernhardt, op. cit., p. 34.

OCTOBER 1955 737 Archaeology and the Book of Mormon

(Continued from preceding page) whole province was full of wild horses.

The herds flooded the entire pampas, from the shores of the Rio de la Plata to the

Rio Negro, and were even found in large numbers in Patagonia. Father Bernabe

Cobo, S. J., says that in Rio Grande do Sul

a horse was worth nothing. To illustrate

how numerous horses became, there was a

clothes common:M saying, "In Montevideo the beggars Groundin dirt makes work a Children's play require clothes less ride."problem on washday. not if But too, scrubbing, you prothe proif you give them

tect them with the Faultless StarchRinse. tection of the Faultless StarchRinse. It

The light finish of starch helps keep dirt requires no separate starching job. You Denhardt explained that:

on the surface, requires less hard scrubstarch and rinse in one easy operation.

bing next See directions washday. Directions below for the Faultless StarchRinse Spaniards for The did not know a numfor the Faultless famous StarchRinse. are given below. of ber years that there in horses were no

the New World. In fact, until some time

after Columbus'death they thought that there were. Columbus himself on his

fourth voyage wrote the King: "It was told

that those on the shore of Veragua [Panama] had7 horses which they used inHow to make "problem"articles battle.

Drs. A. Franklin Widtsoe and John

Harris, arrived at the following Jr., easy to wash and iron S.

conclusion:

... Some doubt has been cast upon the

Book of Mormon account which mentions horses because there is no record of horses having been in America at the time of the early explorers. It is well known, however,

that the horse was numerous and widespread on the American continent in recent geological times, and the absence of the mention of the horse in the scant records of the first explorers is not a proof that the horse was not really there, in fact evidence of the preColumbian use in South America of horses for burden bearing seemed con38 clusive.

Sheets and pillow cases look better, Tea towels won't shed lint on glasses if are easier to iron if is light a you give "fuzz"the them smoothed with a down If there horses still were living on finish of Faultless Starch. fresh light finish of stay Faultless They Starch. They're either of the at American continents feel longer, cool, comfortable. easier R's to iron, no Faultless too, because

problem to give linens this "hotel"finish Starch contains ironingaids. R's so easy the time of the discovervJ of the Westif Faultless use the you StarchRinse. to do if you use the Faultless StarchRinse. ern Hemisphere and its occupation by directions are Easy below. directions See below.

Europeans, that portion of the study regarding horses in America awaits further investigation and the accumulation of much more evidence.

Now let us have a brief look at evidence which shows that the American Indians were acquainted with horses and actually domesticated and used them before the coming of the

Europeans. Such evidence may indicate the continuance of the use of

horses following the close of the Book of Mormon records.

pictographs Indian rock the on willOveralls be and jeans no problem to Faultless do the StarchRinse: How caves of shallow and canyonnext give washday a light if you 2 qts. them Simply of extra thick add hot starch walls

starching with the Faultless StarchRinse. (made according to directions on the ledges, carved in the most outof-theless need easierThey are scrubbing and Faultless Starch last box) to your tub of way and difficult terrains in the westto iron. Give everything the rinse you wash water. Rinse usual. as wring and

Faultless StarchRinse. See next panel You'll find this makes problem articles ern portion of the United States,

for easy directions. easy to wash and iron. clearly show that the Indians were

acquainted with horses; for example,

WARNING: The method described above has been tested and proved for Faultless mud., p. 35.

Starch only. Perfect results cannot be assured if any other starch is used. WidtsoeIbid., p. and28. Harris, op. cit., p. 80.

738 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA there is a likeness of a wild horse carved on the edge of a cliff in Pic-:v:v:::::::::::::::::::::::::::;:;::

ture Canyon, Cimarron County, Oklahoma. W. Douglas Hartley

wrote the following regarding this horse: NOW! The unbridled horse was found in PicFeed your Calves

ture Canyon some two or three miles up the house.from Hallock ranch Park The this MODERN WAY!

legs isfact that part the of the lower not shown perhaps indicates that the horse, being both wild and fleetfooted, could not be approached closely enough for the artist to observe the hoof formation. 38

A 2 quart PLASTIC Suckle It is impossible to obtain the exact bottle and rubber calf nipple for date of the carving of this horse, but it is believed by those who have studied it that this pictograph could date during the B. C. period or between that period and the eighth ONE DOLLAR!

century A.D. Certainly it is mainAbsolutely unbreakable. Won't rust

tained that such a carving was made or crack—will not dent—weighsbefore the discovery of America and

the bringing of horses to this land only 8 ounces—withstands boiling

by the Spaniards. If such is the case, water—acid—cold—tested at Carunbridled of the carvingthe horse in nation Farms—plus new design—not influencedPicture was Canyonby those events. The following is heavy duty—calf size nipple that

quoted from an article written by W. won't pull off, or clog—prepunched

Douglas Hartley: hole.

... The findings indicate the presence

of men in Oklahoma much earlier than these Certainly suspected. beenhad carvHere's the New Way to Feed Calves primitive ings more were done by people

built the wellknown the onesthan who because miningredients, no wasted No Canyon, at Chaco Verda,dwellings Mesa in settle out nutrients can eral or vital sites. are becliff dwellersand other The

lieved to have made their communities plastic bottles.

sometime after the Eighth Century. EveryPolyethylene Suckle calf bottle is transin the Cimarron, found however, lucentthing and calibrated from 1 to 3 pts. for

antiquity. to greater points easy measuring.

Special added offer—with each order for

Also the same author states that a plastic Suckle bottle and nipple, a cou- "... without doubt, some of these recpon, worth 50 cents on the purchase of 25

ords go back hundreds of years before lbs. of Suckle—a nursing feed for young

Christ."41 If that statement is true, animals—mail this coupon today. Feed

the records would date into early your calves the modern way.

Nephite times and perhaps into the

Jaredite period.

Other pictographs made by Pueblo

Indians of the southwest definitely Please send me -plastic 2 qt. Suckle bottles

show the Indians not only knew of and rubber calf nipples.

wild horses, but also that they domesticated and rode them, as the ilName.

lustrations indicate. It is impossible

to give the exact date of their pictoAddress.

graphs, but it is quite certain that they were made before the Indians had City, State contact with white man and obtained Enclosed is my check money order cash, in the amount of horses from them.

(Send $1.00 for each bottle and nipple.)

Frank Waters, in his intensely interesting and scholarly book on the Make checks Albers Milling Company

Navajo and Pueblo Indians, mainpayable to: 5045 WILSHIRE BOULEVARD

(Continued on following page) I LOS ANGELES 3 6, CALIFORNIA 30W. Douglas Hartley, "Indian Drawings of the Offer expires Dec. 31, 1955

Cimarron County,"Ford Times, p. 34.

mbid., p. 34.

lbid., p. 36.

OCTOBER 1955 739 ARCHAEOLOGY AND THE BOOK OF MORMON

(Continued from preceding page) United States, lend additional support tained that horses roamed the southto the claims made by the Book of DAYNES ern Rocky Mountain region of the Mormon that horses were on this

United the States during the days of the continent and Jaredite during MUSIC COMPANY ] "Cliff Dwellers."quote: To that they were Nephite periods and

in ancient for purposes America used first.. the people at grasp Rock. the

to of them the use we make fear Shuddering. with looked down similar

today. HAS MOVED at the dangers lurking the mounbelow—atthey

TO tains smoking on the far horizon; the The claim may be made that all the

camels and lumbering mammoths, the fossil remains of horses predate Book herds of bison wild horses, and science times; since but of Mormon

savage beasts and the which preyed 15 East 1st South thundering definitely that horses were proved upon has.., 42 them;

in both of the Americas in large bands

We Invite You To cleThedefinitelyevidenceshowspresentedthat inbeforethis artithe priorand theto Nephites,the arrivalthereof theis noJarediteslogical

Visit the New DAYNES, Prophet Joseph Smith published his reason for believing that they could

Salt Lake's Newest, Most Modtranslation of the ancient records it not have still been here during the ern, Attractive, and Convenient was the universally accepted belief period in which those ancient civilizaMusic Store that no horses existed on the Western tions flourished. There is no doubt

since that the case the Book such was previous introto their INTERHemisphere SEE THE COME IN AND claim, that and makes Mormon duction by the Spaniards; then of and AREAS MOUNTAIN MOST

COMPLETE STOCK OF... the Book of Mormon came forth with also the Lord himself has declared the

definite statements not only of the truthfulness of that record to Martin

PIANOS existence of horses in ancient America Harris, stating, "... the Book of MorLESTER STEINWAY contains mon,. the truth and the also of their but domestication and

of. God—". use by throughout of word a period man ORGANS CONN

RECORDS many hundreds of years. Shortly Speaking of Joseph Smith and the

Angel Capital Decca thereafter science came to the rescue Book of Mormon, the Master bore

Victor Coral Mercury of the Book of Mormon claims regardthe following testimony to the three

M.G.M. Columbia London ing horses by discovering sufficient witnesses: Columbia RCA Victor

skeletons irrefutable supply which HiFi Dept. A Complete

book, translated the has he [Joseph] And that evidence vast of horses bands

I MUSICAL part INSTRUMENTS that even have commanded which the in prehistoric Americas liveth as your your him, Pedler and Lord Martin and Holton roamed God 44. times for indefinite probably and an Gretsch Guitars it is true.

SHEET MUSIC and all period after the coming of man to the

MUSICAL ACCESSORIES New World. Thus, the author concludes that

In addition to the numerous fossil during the time which has passed "We deal only in merchandise remains of horses that have been obsince the days of the Prophet Joseph

.. of quality proven stand deposits science sustained the asphalt of Smith, tained from has modern

sell of back everything.we latterday revelation Calivindicated in southern La Brea and... Rancho

sell strive to fair price/'at a fornia and elsewhere, the Indian the claims made in the Book of Morpictographs of Picture Canyon, Oklamon that horses lived in ancient

Daunes Music homa,dians ofandthe thosesouthwesternof the Pueblopart of Inthe America. (To be continued)

'Frank Waters, Masked Cods—Navahn and Pueblo D. & C. 19:26.

Cermonialism (Albuquerque, 1950), p. 21. "Ibid.,- 17:6.

14-5 NORTH UNIVERSITY, PROVO'2260 WASHINGTON BlYD.,OGDEN

WE RENT RICHES AT YOIR FEET

711) (Continued from page and his material and spiritual salvaCostumes For All tion. fertilizer. dig the commercial If you

Occasions ground well in the fall, working into It may be we are reaching a crisis the destiny overplaying by human it in of a reasonable humus, amount

Sell Costume Fabrics it We Also a instinct sends us into herd which cultieasily should and be mellow Trimmings and vated as soon as it is dry enough in stampede for services furnished by

Distributor of the the spring. someone else, while our own contriAmerican Flag There are endless books and magabution to the whole is constantly narSend for FREE Catalogue zines and extension programs coverrowing. The biblical dictum about

ing the important subject of gardenearning our bread by the sweat of

SALT LAKE COSTUME CO. ing. But the point we are concerned our brow had a very literal applica248 So. Main Salt Lake City, Utah with is the ultimate relationship betion in Old Testament times and has

tween this oldest of the arts of man continued to be in high repute 740 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

through most of the world's history. Please accept

Yet, suddenly we find ourselves depending on specialists for all our food.

They grow it; they transport it; they

process it. We wait for it in a tense, *jl samples of the

feverish society, constantly exposed

ills of war,to the famine, and all world's most famous dislocation. of economicforms

Not that specialization is bad—it

has brought us many great and lastperfumes for only..

ing advantages. Still, like other good

things, it can be overdone. If we

are, as some say, trying to learn more and more about less and less, we'llbe wise to put a few roots in the 50c ground and start making a material Imagine the thrill of wearing and contact with the Creator of all things. sampling 12 of the choicest perfumes in

As Harry Harker always said, "A dolthe world—at a fraction of the cost of

lar saved is a dollar earned."But this even a few drops of one! Each in a

is only part of it. The cultural and delicate, slender pursesize vial

for Andyou one wearing. are insufficient of valuesspiritual a garden

bottlettes receive two ofeach scent!

estimable. garden is a common The

factor which encourages parents and To2 Morningget yours,Milksendlabels50c andfor each children to work, rejoice, and worship 24bottlette packet you desire. Use

together. order blank at your grocers or

Considered on the material side, writeoflabelsnameandandmailaddressto: on back

some of the basic lessons in finance can be learned in connection with MORNINGP.O. Box 1761MILK

the home garden. Sharpen your penSalt Lake City, Utah

cil and start juggling a few figures.

Suppose you save five hundred dollars a year, which is a modest possibility even in ordinary times: In five

years you will have twentyfive hundred dollars in surplus cash if you have properly integrated this bonus nature has thrown back to you with the rest of your income. You can Only

buy stocks, bonds, and real estate;

and the moment you lay the cash on the line, you've increased your inGives You All These come again, for you have started a sum of money to work for you. Plus Values

Meanwhile, don't forget the five saved dollars a year by hundred the In Steel Folding Chairs to your continue be to garden will advantage as long as you do your part with a few extra manhours. MORE Strength and Safety

Since the garden should be a family affair rather than an individual reMORE Comfort and Beauty sponsibility, we are entitled to add womanhours and childhours, for MORE Exclusive Features running the home garden is not slave labor. It is an adventure in underMORE Economy

standing, an investment in happiness and spiritual growth. MORE Versatility

Recently a young man said to me, Write for full information!

"I've spent several thousand dollars ClarirrMfg. Co., Dept. 65,

on my hobby, but I think it is money 4640 W. Harrison St.,

well spent, for it gives me an opporChicago 44, Illinois tunity to get outdoors and preserve my health."Since the speaker was

a young man with a salary well in the \S ENENGINEEREDGl NEEF QUALITY MAKES THE BIG DIFFERENCE IN FOLDING CHAIRS upper brackets, he could afford his (Concluded on following page) OCTOBER 1955 741

Riches at Your Feet

(Concluded from preceding page) expenditures. But for millions of

modestly paid clerks and artisans, his program would be out of the question.

For them the home garden, with its rich rewards in health, wealth, and general wellbeing, is the logical solution.

In your own garden you may find security, peace, and God.

Little NoName's Grandson

(Continued from page 706) He saw pictures of the railroad and the streamliners and was pleased right. Little Grandson that he was

railroad. learn the about Then LOWCOST AUTO INSURANCE would

he said, "I will leave Little Grandson school."at the here You can travel the teacher spoke. "There Then CHEAPER

is for this school the not room in on the WATER WAGON thirtysix already are boy. There

Here's what the Christian Herald said in October:* children, and they are sleeping two

"Here's a revolutionary idea in automobile casualty insurance that in a bed."

can mean a substantial saving to those of us who abstain from alcoThe old man sat in silence a long holic beverage. Because of it, we can—for as much as 42 per cent less time, and the teacher spoke again.

cost—have the best and fullest insurance coverage available.""The principal phoned me not to

The Preferred Risk Mutual Insurance Company, insuring total take any more children. We already

abstainers only, was founded on the idea that the nondrinking driver have more children than the governshouldn't have to pay the inflated rates caused by those drivers who ment has given money for. Some

drink—and drinking is to blame in 23 out of 100 fatal accidents. day there will be schools for all the

If you can qualify. Preferred Risk may save you 25 per cent of children."

your auto insurance costs at once. Additional savings come with Then the old man and the boy

losses claimdrinking free driving. have so you to pay They don't get went out and got into their wagon.

satisfied policythe savings. Preferred Risk 100,000 has No wonder

assets. holders over in qualify? $2,500,000 and Then Do you

hail, to back it began the way below. coupon use the On will said, "I Little Grandson and full article Travel Cheaper *The the Water on Wagon,""You can

Christian Herald October, 1954 is available. If you would drive the horses for you, Grandlike a complete reprint just check box in coupon. father."

"That is good,"said the old man.

ACT NOWUSE THIS COUPON "You will drive the horses, and I will think about the stumbling block complete Please send me information about your auto insurance for total abstainers. in our path."

I is no obligation. there understand

Name My 'auto insurance Then he hunched over in deep conexpires: templation about how Little GrandAddress Month it is the not wait son could... Day City.State.. getting are ahead people white Year who

Occupation with the Powerthat-comesfrom-theAge of Drivers Male Female Knowledge! Little Grandson needed

Make of Car Year No. Cylinders that power. He could see his people

Body type and Model (Series) in a closed circle, like a corral around

Use of Car: Pleasure Business To and from work miles one way. them. Little Grandson must go in

Marital Status of Principal Driver Married with children. a straight line, he concluded. They

Single, living at home Single must look twoways—to the past and

tQrinfcto the future. Then he spoke with

great deliberation, slowly and firmly. ACCIDENTS PREFERRED RISK MUTUAL

I must give you INSURANCE COMPANY "Little Grandson,

Ray Inc. Bldg., Suite 102103, Dept. 1055, 336 So. 5th East to a white man. You will live with

Salt Lake City, Utah Phone EM 4-1931 him. He will be your father. He

"America's Total Abstainers Automobile Insurance Company"—Sam Morris, President (Concluded on page 744)

742 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA JUST TO KEEP THE TIME OF DAY

Just to keep the time of day, the early pioneers brought the parts.,

of First National's old clock to Salt Lake valley by ox cart.

The "old clock"at First South and Main was once powered by wet cell batteries, and it is now powered by electricity. It continues to. keep

accurate, dependable time season after season.

The same reliable characteristics are found in the bank which stands on the old clock corner. Accurate, friendly service and sound

management have become a tradition at First National.

BANK BY MAIL It's more than first... it's FIRST JVA TIONAL postageFirst Nationaland furnishespays thethe

envelopes for both savings and checking accounts.

FIRST NATIONAL BANK

CITY OF SALT LAKE i \ v. 1st South and Main \ Salt Lake City, Utah

David 0. McKay, President \ OrvalW. Adams, Exec. VicePres.

1 his is the place,.\.Jotyour money

MEMBER FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION\ | \ \\? MEMBER FEDERAL RESERVE

OCTOBER 1955 743 Little NoName's Grandson

(Concluded from page 742) will give you the power of the Knowledge. He will put you on the Thinking-road."

Little Grandson noticed a water in his grandfather's eye, and did not answer. Then, as they were passing the

White Mesa again, he whispered, "All is beauty."

"All is beauty,"the old man said.

He felt a great relief. Little Grandson would remember him by his right

name. Little Grandson would know

for sure that Sonof-FormerWitch was a wrong name.

A Disgrace to the Family

(Continued from page 718) turned her head and went quickly up the stairs to her room. David

called to say he wouldn't be home until late, and so Norma went to bed "beautiful new David 0. McKay Building < early and cried herself to sleep.

Brigham Young University was built with bricl She was surprised to awake next the kilns of Utah Fire Clay Company. morning with a feeling of peace. She

Many of the chapels recently completed and otht wondered why, and then suddenly she now under construction were buiit or are being bui knew. She could still meet Gramps'

with Utah Fire Cfay Company: iffifPsffiirasS honest old eyes without shame. She

BRICK provides lasting beauty and dignity along lay quite still listening for the creak of construction low extremely low cost with mainand of the wheelbarrow. Silence greeted

in colors variety of entrancing wide the tenance. The

face brick and the everincreasing use of Roman and her. Maybe Gramps had hauled all

Norman brick offer unequalled versatility and unthe bricks he needed last evening.

matched beauty. Wasn't he a remarkable old man!

Brick is truly the Aristocrat of all Building Materials. She must get up and see that he had

a good breakfast. Maybe he was alSee the Craftsmen in Clay... ready working. She looked out the

back window, but there was no sign /*rn r *rw of Gramps. She went down the hall

Ill rb: aiOT,,,, and knocked gently on Gramps'door,

Office: 1078 South 1st West Salt Lake City 8, Utah Phone 3-2763 and when there was no answer,

it-,,-. opened the door and then stood there,

her heart beating in kind of a crazy frenzy.

INCREASE YOUR INCOME The bed hadn't been slept in, and

Ministers, are teachers workers church and Gramps'brown shopping bag was dering Christian while enjoying service OF HEART rennew CHANGE earnings Fill opportunity. helow; out coupon the augone! Another great film by get full particulars, obligation. no

is gone!"Outpost"of was "Gramps Norma "San Juan MAXIMUM RETIREMENT thors of producers and the hasn't been David. "OLIVER shaking "His bed BENEFITS

Mature men and women can obtain cash income COWDERY,"and "THE CHOICE slept in."

later. or Full partnow, income sounded be far."David "He can'tin your Learn community time;how LAND."retirementown films highquality All of these are Security can Socialyou the under or newtravel. too. a nohe took "Maybe films are: anxious, color which sound 16mm for benefits. retirementLaw maximumqualify

Educational Entertaining tion to sleep outdoors."

JOHN RUDIN & COMPANY, INC. Testimony Building

talking, David, and do someDept. C-42, 1018 S. Wabash, Chicago 5, 111. Reasonable rental—Also hundreds "Stop

full information Send please and free bookother films to choose of thing! Maybe Minnie knows."from.

let Plus.""Opportunity full information, write or call For

Minnie knew. She calmly squeezed

Name oranges and said, "I told the old man 54HILLAM'SPost Office Place Salt Lake City, Utah off good and plenty last night after

City State Phone EM 3-5417 (Concluded on page 746) 744 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

EAST ENSIGN WARD Architect MasonContractor: T. R. Pope: Therace H. Duncan

Supervisor: Arthur Allen

Exposed Buehner Block interior walls are "high style"in interior decor, not only in fine homes, but in schools and churches as well. These block walls are not only attractive in appearance, but they help stretch

the building dollar, saving both on initial cost; and interior finishing costs. These Buehner Block

walls are easy to keep up, and they have important soundabsorbing values—an especially important

consideration in recreation halls, corridors, and classrooms.

Outside, it's Buehner Block, too—the same attractive fourinch-high units are used for the exterior walls

and retaining walls. These block walls have a contemporary look, they're economical, and easy to maintain—perfect choice for today's schools and churches.

autoclavecured Inside and out.. it'sOCTOBER 1955 Buehner Block745

A DISGRACE TO THE EAMILY (Concluded from page 744) shopping bag in hand. \ "I come back. "Why—why, thank you, Mrs.

you'd gone to bed, Mrs. Sawyer. How I ain't never run away from a probPayne."

he'd come here, a disgrace to the famlem before, and I'm too danged old "And Mrs. Sawyer, would you

ily, and ruined the doctor's chances, to learn now."please ask the doctor to stop by and

and—""Oh, Gramps!"Norma's arms went see Father this morning? His stomach

"Minnie, you didn't!"David's around his neck. "We love you, and is bothering him again."Mrs. Paynewords were an agonized gasp. "Why, we're proud of you. We—lowered her voice. "Frankly, I don't

I owe everything to Gramps!""I know. I heered what you said."think there's a thing wrong with him

Minnie looked at Norma with genuGramps patted her shoulder. "But but boredom! I do wish Gramps

ine surprise. "Wasn't that the way maybe Minnie's right. I disgraced could get Father interested in buildingMrs. Sawyer felt about him?"David. I got to apologize—an outdoor fireplace!"

"I was temporarily insane!"Norma David said, "If they're snobs, I "Perhaps he could. Maybe—

cried. "I had my sense of values all don't want them for patients.""Really, he is the most remarkable

tangled. But I was wrong, Minnie! The telephone rang, and Minnie old man. I know that just meeting

Putting on a big show isn't the way answered it. "It's for you, Mrs. him would pep Father up. Do you

for David to build a good practice."Sawyer. It's Mrs. Schuyler Payne."suppose it could be arranged?"

She collapsed, weeping in David's "One word against Gramps, and "I'm sure it can, Mrs. Payne. arms. "I wouldn't give one hair of I'll—"Norma took the receiver. Thank you for calling. Goodbye."

Gramps'head for a hundred stuffed "Hello!"Norma turned and looked at

shirts, and now he's gone, and it's all "My dear,"Mrs. Payne's voice Gramps standing there in the bluemy fault! Call the police, David. came pleasantly over the wire. striped shirt and the black trousers.

We've got to find Gramps so I can tell "Thank you for inviting me to that "That was Mrs. Payne, Gramps. It

him how much I love him!"delightful party. Your Miss Presseems that all the women at the party

"No call to go botherin'the law."cott was such an interesting person, fell madly in love with you, and At the sound of Gramps'voice but it was Gramps—"her voice was a Mrs. Payne wants to know if you will

Norma turned to see the old man delighted chuckle; "he's the most replease show her father how to build

standing in the kitchen doorway, freshing personality I have ever met."a fireplace."

CONFERENCE VISITORS:

HAVE YOUR EYES CHECKED at STANDARD OPTICAL

NO DELAY... YOUR GLASSES WILL BE

READY BEFORE YOU RETURN HOME. It

takes just a short while to have your eyes completely examined by the registered optometrists at Standard Optical Company.

Your eyes are a priceless possession, take this opportunity to make sure they receive the expert care so necssary for continued good vision. Don't take chances with the

only pair of eyes you'll ever have. Only PAY NOTHING DOWN

the best is good enough. ONLY $1 A WEEK

NO APPOINTMENT NECESSARY

COME IN TODAY

FOR COMPLETE OPTICAL SERVICE

746 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Timeless Principles

(Continued from page 710) tween sound psychological principlesand divine justice: POWEBVP

"Let your laws, penalties and re- *wards be founded upon the principles POWER X of justice and mercy, and adapted to the capacities of your children; for

this is the way that our heavenly

Father governs his children, giving to some a celestial, to others a terrestrial, and to others still a telestial law, with penalties and promises annexed according to the conditions, circumstances, and capacities of the individuals to be governed. Seek for wisdom

and pattern after the heavenly order of government."(Ibid., 1:456.)

Some time ago, a wellknown professor of sociology at a large eastern university asked me how I accounted for the relatively high degree of family stability among the Latterday

Saint people. The explanation that

followed was given, I'm afraid, with too little introduction or background and perhaps went a little too fast. He

seemed greatly interested, however, and particularly so in the concept of patriarchal authority. Here was a

term he knew—one familiar to all

sociologists. He soon discovered, to

his surprise, that the Latterday Saint concept of patriarchal authority did not correspond to that with which he was familiar. His included strict and

stern control of the family activities and interests by the father. The love

and companionship aspects were minimized, and the dictatorial powers of

Ask your Sinclair Dealer for the New Premium Gasoline..the father approached the absolute.

This type of patriarchal authority was very common among American families a century ago and has beencommon for hundreds of years in the SINCLAIR various cultures of the world. The

contrast between the type of patriarchal authority known by this professor and that of which Elder Pratt POWER-X wrote, seems rather singular.

"Do not be so stern and rigid in your family government as to render yourself an object of fear and dread.

There are parents who only render GRAND PIANOS themselves attriconspicuous in the finest stock of highgrade used The Free Re in Baldwin, Beautiful Utah. "Grands"lovebute of justice while mercy and START SPEAKING ft. E, for Style only $1,295. 5 7 in.are scarcely known in their families.

Justice should be tempered with MINSHALL ELECTRONIC

OR FRENCH ORGANSmercy, love should great and be the installations recent of of our number I A OVERNIGHT itself principle ALMOSTmoving interweaving in L.D.S. LC, are Chapels. Model new IS Hto learn the way T-JERE'S SPAN11 finest for possible price. the The... organ SPANISH,Brazilian. or Italian, Russian, JapaneseFRENCH, family German,easiest administrations.in all your

record. your to 2 -sided Listen Let nonbreakable try lovely these of one in and Come once in eyes follow FREEwords sample Almost inspiredObedience obeby love, and

you'll ataccent! perfect a aFREE be in lesson.with chatting new language instruments.

all That's hear! needed. you memorizing No fear entirelydience inspired are by listen2."if It's soon. Offer imitate! that easy! end JustRush may State1 of help shipping. cost packaging, special coyer indifferent their nature. former CO. The to JENNINGS MUSIC also information free on want. language you

course. obligation. full Cortina Salt Lake City, 28 E. 1st South Utah sendCORTINA ACADEMY, NoWe'll

St., 19. York New 52nd 136 W. (Concluded page) Dept, on following 8710,

OCTOBER 1955 747 Timeless Principles

(Concluded from preceding page) will be permanent and enduring while the latter only waits to have the object of fear removed, and it vanishes like a dream. Govern children as parents

Everything it takes andparentsnot inas tyrants;their turnfor andthey willwill bebe

very likely to adopt that form of govto be in ernment they which have been edu-...*'* cated."(Ibid., 1:456.) mmk Patriarchal authority in the Church TOPS of Jesus Christ and in the Latterday

Saint home is, indeed, characterized by love, encouragement, and leadership rather than by absolute and dictatorial power exercised by the father.

Ours is a principle of divine theocracy. UTOGO

The priesthood of God is vested in the father or husband, and his reGASOLINES sponsibility, almost always willingly

Balanced ters,assumed,to inspire,is to presideencourage,over familyand matlead his family by example for Top Performance the members of and discussion.

For All Cars in this Area The place of women and wives in our religion and philosophy of life

MORE POWER in no sense suggests an inferior staGREATER ECONOMY tion. The wife shares the responsiLonger Mileage Cleaner Burning bility and leadership of the family Noncorrosive

SMOOTHER OPERATION with her husband; however, her funcHigh Antiknock No Vapor Lock tions are defined differently. Elder

Quick Starts Fast Warm Up Pratt, for example, refers repeatedly

Smooth Acceleration to the allimportant relationship beFor happiest motoring, tween the mother and her children in stop at UTOCO stations 12& rearing them to be worthy sons and—clean rest rooms with 4 daughters in Zion.

—finest, friendly service The very practical teachings of

—highest quality motor oil the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-

—specialized lubrication day Saints are strikingly apparent in

the marriage and family relationships area. Because of the place of imAtlas Tires and Accessories portance the family holds in our gospel plan, it seems highly plausible that

after another hundred years have passed, people will still be asking how

You expect more from UTOCO and you get it! we account for the success we enjoy

in family life.

w rr SIGNAL FIRES

i BURNED OUT By Elizabeth A. Hutchison

REALLY MEANS BURNED OUT TODAY {\n the hillside, up the canyon,

A fire may mean you are out of a place to live, Down along the shining stream, are the toward heavens; mounting

brightly they haze gleam. ivith tremendous added expense before you find FiresThrough autumn another. flash brilliant scarlet, their Maples

burst of in gold, flames Aspens explain Let us your need for ample insurance of torch quivers, Warning sumac to cover today's values. higher blazes, uncontrolled. Woodbine

fires, light these signal Boldly FIRE UTAH Do spirits of the vanquished red men INSURANCE HOME COMPANY warriors here phantom may council General Agents, Salt HEBER J. GRANT & CO., light of Lake City ThatIn the grassy pyres?

Phantom voices make no moan, But, oh, what strife these hills have known!

748 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Solomon Mack and His Family

(Continued 714) from page hills. passes Your Church University River The Ashuelot

through the town, with a fall of three hundred feet in its passage, providing excellent water privileges. Solomon

Mack and his brother Elisha Mack were quick to avail themselves of these opportunities.

On March 24, 1773 "Solomon Mack of Marlow"sold 50 acres in the town of Marlow "where the labour is done."On November 3, 1774

"Elisha Mack of Marlow"sold 50 acres there. 17 It was probably in 1773

that Solomon Mack built a log house in the lot he had chosen in Gilsum.

Its location is given in the following quotation: From Main street south, the road follows Is As Close the course of the Ashuelot river past the mill of the Gilsum Woolen Manufacturingcompany and the saw and gristmill of S. W. As Your Mailbox

Dart, to the stone bridge. On the right,

high on the hill and beautifully situated Yes, you can take college work right in and laid out is the Centennial cemetery. your home. Brigham Young University's

It is the chief restingplace of the now dead offers 225 than Study Bureau more in is Home this town. rods cemetery few A from full mail, Unicarrying courses each one by

to sacred spota the church. In Mormon versity credit, Zoology, to Accounting from here1775, the born was mother Hiram of

religious courses. Enroll L.D.S. including and[Hyrum] 'Smith, Joseph the two of

greatest leaders of the Mormon church, NOW. Clip and mail this coupon.

who sealed their faith with their blood, both being killed by a mob at Carthage, III., in Mail To "I1844.

BUREAU OF HOME STUDY In those early times, the first dwellBRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY ings were built of logs. Skilled axPROVO, UTAH

men of that day were adept at hewName ing the timbers for the frames of the Street houses, but sawmills were necessary to prepare boards, Shingles were CityPlease& sendState me without cost Brigham Young Univermade by hand. sity's Bureau of Home Study catalog.

The natural features of the town made

Gilsum especially adapted for manufacturing purposes.... Hence it happens that Brigham Young University

the whole life of the community has depended on its ability to manufacture. PROVO, UTAH

The first generation of the Mack family in Gilsum, whose descendants were later to play so important a part in the Church of of Saints, Latterday the Christ wereJesus Courtesy is a Custom "Where first settlers to these natural use of make and Service is Dependable".. enterprise. in industrialfeatures. The TWO INSPIRATIONAL BOOKS

first boards sawed in the town of Gilsum were taken from the sawmill of Elisha FOR THE MISSIONARY

Mack who was uncle of Solomon (Jr.) and written by AUBREY J. PARKER, converted

Lucy Mack. He built this sawmill in 1776 Methodist Minister

sold it to his brotherin-law,and he Abishai Entitled THE A.B.C. OF MORMON ISM;

of 1784.... in Marlow,Tubbs

After having set up the necessary estaband THE MORMON MISSIONARY'S lishments for the getting out of lumber it MESSAGE was natural that these early people build Putconvenienceup in thein carrying.popular pocket size for

gristmills to grind their grains.... The Beautifully bound in green and gold.

first gristmill within the present limits of NOTE: These books make a fine gift at anythe town was erected by Elisha Mack and time.the worldSent forto you,ONE postpaid,DOLLAR anywhereFOR EACHin our

BOOK. page) following (Continued on

PLYMOUTH DODGE Co., Cheshire Deeds, Vol. Address: Vol. p. 301; H. 2, N.

ELDER J. PARKER AUBREY4, So. 1000 Salt Main, Lake City, Utah

A.:>Dr.p. 331.I. Loveland: in "Gilsum,"Granite Carrillo, The Santa Barbara, California 616 West

Dealer"Largest "Utah's DodgePlymouth.22, 1897, Vol. 289.Monthly, p.

OCTOBER 1955 749 Solomon Mack and His Family

(Continued from preceding page) his brother Solomon, connecting with the sawmill of Elisha. It was built at the same

time that the sawmill was set up in 1776

... aY oucatch'H neverElaine andHistorywas operatedtells us onthata partnershipthis soon becamebasis.

Cannon napping place of great resort, the people coming on the job! from the surrounding towns and often

Whether it's a bringing their grists upon hand sleds or on party,slumber schoolhigh hop theirfor seventyfivebacks. Thisyears.gristmill39 was operatedor other any

really important teenage activity, It was here amid these busy pioshe's certain to neering activities that Lucy Mack,report it in the

Deseret News and mother of the Prophet, was born. Her

Telegram "Hi birth record, as it was recorded at the

Tales"column.

in tune time by the town clerk, reads:She is

with the teens!

Elaine Cannon is Lucy, fourth daughter of Solomon Mack

Emily Post,the & Lydia his wife, was born July 8, 1775. 40

- finderfad and head spokesman for teen - agers She was thus the eighth and youngthroughout the est child in her parents'family.

Mountain West. Since the Revolutionary War was

upon them, she was not destined to see much of her father during her earlier years.

On April 19, 1775 the battles of

Lexington and Concord had been fought. The news of these encounters

started thousands of New England volunteers on the way to Boston.

John Stark led the New Hampshire men; Israel Putnam left his plow in

the furrow to lead the volunteers ""*:z;.;::z from Connecticut. Silas Mack, a

cousin of Solomon, was town clerk and local magistrate in Marlow. He

left his sawmill and was present at the

Battle of Bunker Hill on June 17. In

June, Washington was appointed commanderin-chief. There was immediate need for ammunition and

the materials from which to make it.

On July 15, 1775, seven days after the birth of Lucy Mack, the Continental Congress adopted a resolution granting special trading privileges to "every vessel importing Gun powder,

Salt petre, Sulphur, provided they bring with the sulphur four times as have your children seen A- much salt petre,"etc. Solomon Mack

hastened to assist in meeting this urgent need. He wrote:

Soon after I went to Moudus and learnt

to Old a cripple being I went Peire; though the Goldfish of my brotherin-law how to make Saltto show Springfield Meadows, Long and

he's part offhe fun them the art of making SaltPetre. I was

of famity dinner in the sent from town to town, my wages was one dollar per day; this was in our revolutionary

war. I then enlisted into the American COFFEE SHOP army. I soon mustered two teams and

Hotel Utah 3sCharles James Fraser: "History of the Latterday

Saints in Gilsum, New Hampshire,"in The Utah

Max Carpenter, Manager 25,Genealogicalpp. 108109.and Historical Magazine, July 1934, Vol.

i0Giisum Town Records, Vol. 1, 17521825, p. 457.

750 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA carried baggage to Skeenesborough. I after-:-x'::::':':::-:::::::::':':;

wards enlisted into a company of artillery for a short Campaign; but on my return

home I was taken sick.

As soon as I recovered I went to see myson; he was cutting trees, when unfortuLOW-COST

nately a tree fell on me and crushed me almost to pieces; beat the breath out of my

body, my son took me up for dead, I however soon recovered, but have not to this LUXURY day recovered the use of my limbs, whichwas 34 years ago. [Written about 1811, so BY

the accident must have occurred in 1777.]

I lay sixty days on my back and never moved or turned to one side or the other, the skinwas worn off my back from one end to the cer\\em\ser\ other. I was taken by six men in a sheet

and moved, from time to time, for sixty or seventy days more; when I was able to walk

by the help of crutches.

I had a man to work in a sawmill, it got out of order, I hobbled down to show him how to mend it, and by accident I fell on the waterwheel, and bruised me most horribly. I was indeed helpless, & in dreadful pain; confined month after month, unable to help myself, but at last I was restored to health; but being destitute of

property, and without my natural strength to get my bread, with a young and dependent family whose daily wants were Enjoy velvetsmooth increasing, relief. none and to administer... Air Suspension Ride

misfortune Owing to I could not my attend to my contract at Granville, so I AirConditioning lost I land; regained however all my my Modern Contour Seats!strength little so I could walk a and ride

sideways. Soon after this I was wounded Enjoy lowcost luxury...

falling a treeby limb a from upon my sightseeing the dramatic most head, again of nearly deprived which me. striking ever developed advances

life. I carried in to wholly help was unable

"inside extras". unique in comfort

I,myself. I however, again; recovered can New Raised Observation Level

this, likesay of "the time departure my was not yet come, and there was yet more From this unusual Observatrouble for me to pass through."41 tion deck, you get 4-way sightseeing thru huge glareproof

While Solomon was incapacitated picture windows. FARES TYPICAL LOWby these afflictions, his brother Elisha CITY TO: LAKE FROM SALT

Mack was engaged in active service.

In July 1776 he served as a private; LOS ANGELES $14.75

in June 1777 he was captain in a comNEW YORK $43.65

pany that marched for the relief of CHICAGO $28.65

Ticonderoga. It fell, and he served

next in the troops under General SAN FRANCISCO $17.90

John Stark. Burgoyne's army was PORTLAND $18.70 Complete Washroom!

penetrating New York by way of Lake PLUS TAX With wash basin,

Champlain, and Ticonderoga and one See your local Greyhound Agent or running water, mirror, in sparkling—

steel! fort after another had fallen into his Temple,write Greyhound,Salt Lake City,107Utah.West South toiletstainless

hands. He heard there were large

quantities of stores collected at Bennington and sent Hessian troops to capture them. On this news it was

feared that General Burgoyne would invade the eastern states with an irresistible force of regular troops and savages. "The New Hampshire militia

had rallied under the command of that famous veteran of the old French and Indian war, John Stark."By

his orders the men assembled at Bennington. They were mostly in hunting frocks without uniforms but were

expert marksmen.

(To be continued)

41A Narrative of Solomon Mack, pp. 1012.

OCTOBER 1955 751 and so it is the duty of the elders

Elders Quorums—Continued quorum presidencies to encourage all

members to engage faithfully in this marvelous work. Introductory Statement Seventh—Presidencies to Promote

Temple Work e. To Do Vicarious Work for the

article is a continuation of DeadThis the one which appeared under the a. To Encourage All Quorum MemIt is the duty of all Melchizedek

same title in the previous issue of bers to Become Worthy Priesthood holders to engage actively

The Improvement Era. (September, A major responsibility of elders in vicarious work for the dead, and

1955.) It is suggested that the two quorum presidencies is to direct the so the responsibility naturally rests

articles be used in conjunction with teaching of the gospel of Jesus Christ upon elders quorum presidencies to each other as an aid to those in posito quorum members, thereby preparencourage all quorum members to entions of leadership in their assigning them to become worthy to go to gage in this great work. The first

ment of directing activities of the the temple. It is not necessary that interest of each individual is to trace

elders throughout the stakes of Zion. the members of the presidencies be his own ancestry and do the work on

is acthe class instructors, but they are to his own line, and when this complished he may work on other availthe capable persons most to select Presidencies QuorumSixth—Elders

lines. family teachers. able to the be Quorum Missionary Encourage Foster and

Work presidencies should understand defi- f. To Promote Temple Excursions

nitely the requirements for entrance It is suggested that elders quorum a. Stake Missionary Work mto the house of the Lord and also presidencies promote temple excurthe great blessings which come to sions among quorum members and

Elders quorum presidencies should those who take out their endowments their wives. These excursions should

encourage the quorum members to and enter into the order of celestial be carried on as often as possible. It

prepare themselves and make themmarriage. They should realize that is advisable in cases where elders live

selves available for stake missionary the blessings of the temple will be atclose enough to temples to make such work. Such should be one of the tained only by the righteous Saints a program feasible that certain reguprincipal goals of all quorums of who remain faithful to the end, and lar dates be set aside for these excurelders throughout the Church. Also, they should instruct the elders in sions and that elders presidencies

quorum presidencies could, with protheir quorums to this effect. carry this program forward vigorously;

priety, presidenstake suggest to the disof expansive however, because

All Encourage b. To Quorumcies certain of their that quorum elders certain temples, tances from

to Get Their EndowOwn to Members are ready capable andmembers will carry able to not be quorums service; their ments missionary butrender a syssuch on a program It is the duty of elders quorum forward recomwith thatrights end of making plan. tematically Neverorganized

presidencies which quorum to know presidenciesmendations. Quorum presidencies are entheless, quorum not members have have and which that it at all timesshould remember direct they can to couraged to do all

they then endowments, and presitheir stakeis the prerogative of the in carrying members their quorum of should encourage all them who to issue all the missionarydencies this great work. forward

calls. have not had their endowments to

do their own work while the oppor- b. Foreign Missionary Work tunity is available. In other words, Eighth—Presidencies to Promote QuoSince a vast majority of the foreign each holder of the priesthood should rum Socials

missionaries come from the elders "work while the day lasts because quorums, one of the major assignthe night cometh where no man can According to instructions given in ments of every elders quorum presiwork."the Melchizedek Priesthood Handdency throughout the Church is to book, each Melchizedek Priesthood

direct each quorum member in his c. To Have Their Families Sealed quorum should hold at least one good

preparation for foreign missionary Elders quorum presidencies should social every two months. The reservice and to encourage him to acencourage their quorum members to sponsibility for these socials rests upon

cept the missionary call when it have their families sealed back the elders quorum presidencies. It is

comes. Also, quorum presidencies through the proper lines. This is suggested that they select and apshould direct the providing of quorum also a vital assignment and should be point sufficient committees to carry

missionary funds to assist needy mispursued diligently. forward the major portion of this

sionaries to sustain themselves in the d. To Trace Their Own Ancestry program. Their special work will be

foreign fields. Thus, the elders quoSealing work through the proper directing the committees. It is sugrum presidencies constitute the directlines cannot be accomplished unless gested that in order to maintain the

ing force in the quorum in fostering genealogical work is done in tracing interest of the quorum members that and encouraging the missionary prothe ancestry, thereby providing famthe socials be varied in nature. These

gram. ily records for temple work purposes; socials provide the elders quorum

752 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Priesthood

presidencies excellent opportunities to capable, faithful, and intelligent members understand the church probecome better informed regarding the teachers to be the instructors in the cedure in regard to performing capabilities, interests, and personalipriesthood doctrinal classes. Since church ordinances.

ties of each of the quorum members. the principal purpose of holding the

It also provides them opportunity to groups or quorum weekly doctrinal Twelfth—Presidencies to Hold a

encourage and stimulate the less acclasses is to teach the priesthood Presidency Council Meeting Once tive quorum members to increase their holders the gospel of Jesus Christ, it Each Week church activities and to affiliate themis very important that the most caselves in quorum meetings with their pable teachers in the various elders Elders quorum presidencies are priesthood groups. Efforts should be quorums throughout the Church be once again asked to hold a presidency

made to make each elders quorum a assigned to that position. council meeting at least once each

grand and vital fraternity wherein b. To See that Correct Doctrine Is week. The importance of these

each of the quorum members and Taught council meetings cannot be overtheir families learn to love and apElders quorum presidencies have emphasized. (See the April, 1954,

preciate the Church and all the quothe definite responsibility of seeing issue of The Improvement Era, pp.

rum members. that correct doctrine is taught in the 266267.)

Ninth—Presidencies to Direct the eldersThus, Melchizedekelders presidenciesPriesthoodshouldclasses.be Thirteenth—Presidencies to Direct the

Correspondence with Absent Memstudents of the gospel and be able to Holding of Weekly Group or Quobers recognize readily when false doctrine rum Meetings is being taught.

a. With Servicemen c. Strive to Have all Quorum MemThe General Authorities of the

Elders quorum presidencies are unbers in Attendance Church provide from year to year der instruction to correspond at least Elders quorum presidencies should courses of study for the Melchizedek monthly with all servicemen from make an exerted effort to build up Priesthood members of the Church.

their quorums or to have their apthe attendance at the weekly doctrinal The responsibility rests upon the pointees write letters to them. Also, classes and monthly quorum business elders quorum presidencies to see

through the quorums, they are to promeetings to one hundred percent atthat each elders group or elders quovide their quorum members in the tendance. Every honorable means rum under their direction, holds group

armed services with subscriptions to possible should be devised to induce or quorum meetings once each week the "Church Section"of the Deseret the less active members to attend and that the prescribed course of

News and The Improvement Era. these meetings and to encourage the study be diligently pursued in that

Gospel tracts could also be included active members to be in attendance weekly meeting. No group or quoin these letters. These tracts may be regularly and continuously. As long rum is authorized to select its own

obtained from the stake mission presias there is one quorum member who course of study.

dent. refuses to attend these classes, the

b. With Members on Missions, quorum presidency should devote Fourteenth—Presidencies to Hold and

Away at School, or at Work every intelligent effort possible to perDirect Monthly Business Meetings

Elders quorum presidencies also suade him to attend and to affiliate have the responsibility of directing fully with the priesthood quorum. Elders quorum presidencies have

the correspondence each month with the definite responsibility of not only members of their quorum who are Eleventh—Presidencies to Teach all holding the monthly quorum business

filling foreign missions or who are Quorum Members how to Perform meeting, but also of providing the away at school or at work. The writall Church ordinances business, the program, and directing

ing of these letters constitutes a good It is the duty of elders quorum all activities pertaining to that meetproject to be assigned to various mempresidencies to teach all quorum meming. The success of that meeting

bers of the elders quorum. Also, the bers how to perform all Church will be determined by the efficiency

replies from servicemen, from quorum ordinances; and so it is suggested of the quorum presidency in enmembers away at school or away at that as often as possible quorum couraging a hundred percent attendwork, could with profit be read from presidencies give the members inance and its ability to put over the

time to time in the elders quorum structions on performing such ordiprogram effectively.

monthly business meeting. nances as that of baptism, confirmation, administering to the sacrament, Fifteent h—Presidencies to Attend

Tenth—Presidencies to Provide Good anointing and "blessing the sick, and Stake Priesthood and Priesthood

Classwork other similar ordinances. When new Leadership Meetings

members receive the Melchizedek a. Provide Good Teachers Priesthood and come into the quorum, The presidencies of all elders quoElders quorum presidencies have it is the duty of the elders quorum rums throughout the entire Church

the definite assignment of providing presidency to see that those new (Continued on page 766)

OCTOBER 1955 753 ThePresiding

Relationship Between Stake Aaronic

Priesthood Committee and Bishoprics

relationship of between members committee has and bishopricsWe"Howare muchoftenauthorityasked thedoes question,the stake theThestake

Aaronic Priesthood committee have in been developed on such a high plane, supervising the Aaronic Priesthood proin many areas, that bishoprics have no gram in the wards?"hesitancy in calling members of the

All members of the stake Aaronic stake committee to come and assist them

Priesthood committee are appointed by and their leaders when they feel they the stake presidency with full authority cannot wait for the regular visits of the to represent them in the promotion of committee. In every stake doing effecthe Aaronic Priesthood program in the tive work in Aaronic Priesthood, there

stake. As representatives of the stake is abundant evidence of harmony, good

will, full fellowship and between mempresidency, therefore, of the members Rowley Curtis stake bers of the committee and bishoptostake committee authority go have into a ward and observe conditions, rics. They work together, plan together,

pull together all the way. to bishoprics recommendationsmake and

Therefore, to. of the stake Youth Receivesother leaders, Aaronic Priesthood members when and

follow up on such recommendations and committee for Aaronic Priesthood under all previous recommendations until twentyone visit a ward, they are sent Special Recognition stake of the by appointmentfavorable presidency action has been taken therepriest in the Springville First is a Rowley full authority toon. with observe Stake. (Utah) Kolob condiWard,

This does not imply that the authortions, point up weaknesses, and make He has but one more year to go, and he ity of the bishop as the presidency of recommendations to overcome program will have earned seven individual Aaronic the Aaronic Priesthood is abrogated in weaknesses. rumsPriesthoodof theawardsAaronicwhilePriesthood.serving in the quoany way. The bishop remains as the One of the most important features Rowley was elected president of the Utah

president of the Aaronic Priesthood and of the work of members of the stake State Association of Future Farmers ol as the president of the priests quorum, committee is to follow up all recomAmerica for the current year. He was also

and the bishopric remain as the presimendations previously made to bishopawardedsingular honorthe Stateas StateFarmerStar DegreeFarmer andin conthe dency of the Aaronic Priesthood. Their rics and Aaronic Priesthood leaders. A nection with his activities as a senior in the

authority in these official capacities is competent stake committee will so reSpringville High School.

unquestionable. However, all members spect previous recommendations of felof the bishopric are presided over by low committee members that each sucthe stake presidency who call to their ceeding visit will find them checking Lesson Presentation Important

assistance the members of the stake on such recommendations until favorAaronic Priesthood committee, in this able action can be reported thereon. in Senior Programinstance, and send them forth in the Ward Aaronic Priesthood leaders should

to full authority stake stake committee take no offense withwards of the when of this continuallyrepresent follow in the through promotion members them in Thecarefullyweeklyselectedlesson andpresentationwellpreparedby a work. this major responsibility. quorum or group instructor is a very

important phase of the work for senior members of the Aaronic Priesthood.

It, at least, partially answers the need for group participation and cooperation.

Multiple Credits Not Permitted It helps to break down inhibitive fears that keep men from activity in the

Church. It provides the psychological

in Absentee Reports challenge of competition that adds strength to conquest. It is the opportunity to be taught the principles of the

report. attention reporting absentee to our has on the come that some when gospel are feeling that there withoutIt

is or a priesthood the meeting Whether of Priesthood Aaronic absentee our It implications. personal is the means

members, particularly those in the milisacrament meeting, Sunday School, or of integrating a group and giving them tary service, are being told they may YMMIA will depend upon the nature of a common objective to work to, and the take credit for attending priesthood and the meeting. The absentee will report incentive to reach it.

sacrament meeting, Sunday School, and his attendance and indicate which meetIt is a wellestablished fact that senior

YMMIA when only one L D S meeting ing he attended. members participating in groups usually

is attended at a given time. Of course, if more than one meeting advance faster and overcome unwanted

No multiple credits are permitted or is attended, all such activities should be habits more readily than those who are authorized. When only one meeting is reported by the absentee, but no multiworked with on an individual basis

attended, only one credit is to be taken ple credits taken. only. "If John can do it, I can,"or,

754 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Prepared by Lee A. Palmer

Bishoprics Page

No Secret Formulae in Gridley (California) Stake Honors Parents and Their Sons

Effective Ward Teaching

Better than average results in the ward teaching program are within the reach of all leaders who try anxiously to succeed. Success in this program is

not achieved through use of secret formulae. The chief component of success is available in unlimited quantities.

It is the compound of W-O-R-K. There

(California) in the bearer Priesthood Gridley Aaronic each Stake awarded was When of for the is no substitute magic pin, its his to his parents Priesthood invited Aaronic to the share were rostrum come and energizing influence. exert Once we their of joy the son's accomplishment. presented lovely Each corsage as a mother was

physical or mental effort, we are on our the parents were congratulated by those officiating in the presentation.

way to some measure of accomplishment.

of Speaking said, work, Carlyle in program teaching Leaders "What the ward Aaronic Priesthood under 21 is his greatest do ornament, can to a man detailed do, and have work much and he always consults his dignity by sometimes it is not easily accomplished, doing it. "We all admire the work of but it is not dull nor is it distasteful. Visits of Stake

skilled craftsmen. Some workmen are That which is achieved in the spirit of

artists even with a shovel because they enthusiasm brings enduring joy to those Committeemen Defined do their work so well. We are delighted who work faithfully. Conscience makes

with the work of artisans, but the no protest to the energetic. For the most part, visits to wards by

achievements of capable leaders should The success of the leaders in the ward members of the stake committee for be appreciated, too. Trained craftsmen teaching program is commensurate with Aaronic Priesthood under 21 are to be

adorn the work of their hands while their efforts, and their reward is promade (1) during the ward priesthood successful leaders add beauty to their portionate to the quality and quantity meeting hour, (2) during the ward souls. of the service they render. Aaronic Priesthood leadership meeting.

Special attention should be given to visiting the wards during the combined ward Aaronic Priesthood meeting held

Brothers Set Challenging Attendance Records during the second week in each month.

The attendance records of However, there are other occasions

Marvin and Brent Edman, when special visits are in order. Browning Ward, Wells

(Utah) Stake are challengVisits should also be made to wards ing records on a family scale. when members of the stake committee

has maintained Marvin a may render needed assistance to newly at priestperfect attendance hood and sacrament meeting appointed leaders on the ward level to for the full seven years he assist the bishopric in training new ap-:>;W::>: IS::|:: served in the Aaronic Priestpointees in their work.

has he 'lit*!****** hood; recently been There may be times when the chairelder. ordained an

Brent? Well, just give him man would like to have a report on

another three years at perfect how the sacrament is administered by attendance, and he will the priests, how it is passed by deacons his brother Marvin's match record. a perfect and teachers, how ushering is carried now has He

attendance record of nearly forward, or how fast offerings are gathfour years. ered. Members of the committee may

Bishop and Sister E. Wilvery appropriately be assigned by the

ford reason have Edman to chairman to visit in wards to observe rejoice in their sons'accomplishments to date. these and all other Aaronic Priesthood

Marvin Edman Brent Edman functions when these services are performed.

"he is not going to get ahead of me,"know the men they teach and slant each However, committee members, when are conscious or subconscious challenges lesson in such a way that it will answer visiting other than the two meetings a man working with a group usually the needs of the quorum or group memoutlined in paragraph one above, are gives to himself. Group members who bers. He should believe in the members to visit only to make observations. They

grow together stay together. They freof the group. He should encourage parshould not expect to be invited to sit

quently form social groups after their ticipation, but guard against embarrason the stand or to be acknowledged as advancement to the Melchizedek Priestsing anyone requiring involuntary disofficial visitors. Such special assignhood. They continue to give each other.cussions. Certainly every lesson should ments are adequately filled if they sit

needed moral support as they face the be carefully prepared and given, keepamong the members of the congreganew problems of life. ing in mind that its presentation is for tion to observe how Aaronic Priesthood

Quorum or group instructors should the benefit of the senior members. services are performed in our meetings.

OCTOBER 1955 755 Barbara Williams Food and Fun When

Spooking s Done

by Barbara Williams

Tricks and treats just for the small see which guest can untangle his part to match with objects or pictures on fry? No indeed! You know halfof the cobweb first, but there will be a table. Here are a few examples,

a-dozen couples who would enjoy a gailywrapped "prize"awaiting but you will want to add your own some good oldfashioned spooking, everyone at the end of his string. items to the list.

are the they "Prizes"probably poems might be individualand very same 1. Halloween colors—charcoal and

to sketches to recipients, people been addressed meaning have you or orange invite over for some time. photographs of them, or simple gifts

Why not prepare right now for a relating to their hobbies or profes- 2. vampire—picture of movie siren

Halloween party and begin by pursions, such as a needle for the seam- 3. fount of tears—onion

of someone eatchasing a pack of twopenny poststress, a pencil for the writer, etc. Al- 4. goblin—picture

cards, five for each couple or guest low yourself plenty of time (several ing on your list? Mail the cards out on days ahead if you can) to set up this 5. ancient instrument of punishfive consecutive days, the first four game because guests will really enment—old hairbrush

cards bearing only a question mark joy it if you make their searches 6. pumpkin—faucet

or Halloween symbol, and the last challenging and their prizes personal. 7. skeleton (bones)—dice

card urging: 8. gravestone—rock with sad face

Pun Fun painted on itCome haunt our house, and maybe you Each guest is given a typewritten 9. an Irish bat—brick

Can even drink some witches'brew; list of words and phrases which he is (Continued on page 758)

Ghosts and ghouls will congregate

October th at 8. >\

While your friends are reGtJjvtg the mysterious postcards and fr?Prin

about what they mean, you caab planning the games you will want 6 play at the party.

Halloween Cobweb

Cut black yarn in equal lengths for your guests (about 60 feet for each guest). Pin or thumbtack one end

of each string, with a guest's name, to a wall, drapery, or piece of furniture. Then weave each string back

and forth through the room, under rugs, around table legs, over chandeliers, and around the strings of other guests. The object, of course, is to

—A Rumel Photo

756 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

DELICIOUS MEAT PIES READY TO EATl tpgof

Something new! Hamburgers sealed in through the West. No other flour can say

flaky pastry. You can make them easily with this. It's an old standby. Helps you get extra

recipe below. And see that bag of flour next to good results with everything you bake.

the recipe? That's Sperry Drifted Snow. For Double your money back if you don't agree.

5 generations Sperry has helped mothers put Tested recipes and Queen Bess pattern homemade goodness in lunchboxes all silverware coupon in bag.

'BURGERS -TO -GO—Serve Hot or Cold

HERE'S WHAT YOU NEED:

1 cup O/2 lb.) ground lean tablespoons milk, water

beef or catsup 1/2 teaspoon salt Pastry Ys teaspoon pepper Relishes HERE'S WHAT YOU DO:

All measurements are level. Sift flour before measuring. Mix beef,

salt, pepper and liquid together. Divide into 4 equal portions and

shape into plump patties. Place each one on a pastry round. Cover

meat with any or all of relishes. Top with second pastry round and

seal edges. Prick tops with tines of fork. Bake in hot oven, 400,

until pastry is a rich brown, about 20 minutes. Serve warm, or,

cool and pack in lunchbox. Makes 4 'BurgersTo-Go.

PASTRY: Measure into bowl: 2 cups sifted Sperry Drifted Snow Flour,

1 teaspoon salt, V2 CUP cooking oil, % cup milk, 1/3 cup grated Two other fine products by

American cheese. Stir vigorously to a stiff dough. Divide into SPERRY—a name famous

8 equal portions. Roll each into a 5-inch circle, keeping edges even. in the West

RELISHES: for 102 years.

Have ready: thin onion rings, thin tomato slices, pickle relish

or chili sauce, mustard, thin slices cheese.

- GENERAL MILLS fSpm/ Opwtim] VRIFTED SNOW'FLOURMd fy ik Uhtfi LmjiFlom Mihw

KNOW YOUR IDS COOKS

sitting the chair is the on vampire all leader starts in players, and J. Golden Kimball (ContinuedWitcheryfrom page 756)

rhythm, slapping their knees twice, their fingers. and then snapping The to write guest sentence a each Ask BY CLAUDE calls out the snap on the it fold of a piece a speciVampire paper, on RICHARDS

This wonderful biografied way, and give it to one person name of one of the other spooks or phy vividly detaiFs selected from the group. The mesone of the numbers, such as, "Three."many of the immense

call the next hardships of snap, our Three must WestOn to are you, sages delivered then but pioneers, ern highand or another spook. number If any lights a\] events with is sit in so it plain sight evident you

the telling wit, good calls his guest chair's or own name humor and genuine to read opportunity have no you had J. GOLDEN J. greatness of Golden exist fails that to doesn't or a name.them. a Kimball. then message draw $4.00 You KIMBALL from the bottom of the pile, press it call a number or spook in rhythm

snap, the with to he misses and goes to closed, forehead eyes with your lVtl LET'S LIVE of the line. the end guests The other it says. slowly repeat aloud and what dynamic A and conthen move and assume up structive the names way trick is in the that one person of The achieving a happier, of their chairs. limit, Set a time new writes audience message no but longer, successful more

life is presented in memorizes one you previously agree and the person in the vampire chair easy A-B-C steps. to "read"first. When you receive at the end wins. Scores of examples

and brilliant quotathe other messages, you place the tions make this book one already in your hand, on the HALLOWEEN MENU friendly and entertainpile. of the After you say ing. $3.00 bottom

aloud, this message the Spicy Witches'Brew open you one you pretended to read and memoJack-O-Burgers and Black Orange Salad rize it silently as you pretend to conPie Pumpkin Chiffon firm it is the one you have read Caramel Fortune Balls aloud. For your next message, repeat the one you first opened and so Spicy Witches'Brew

on. Suggestion: Practise this before

you try it on your guests. 2 12 oz. cans apricot nectar

pinch salt Ghost 25 tablespoonscloves sugar 2 sticks cinnamon Divide guests into two equal teams, 1 can frozen orange juice, diluted counselsThis book to youth parents and check the its the men against the women, if posjuice of one lemon spreadwide of delinquency to prevent and growth this, in homes parents. of young To do sible. The first person on one teamthe author has spent reof hours of hundreds

juice to apricot tosearch and Add seasonings the then as B), a letter (such renames veal with unStrain. beJust for. one hour. simmerusual freshness must the other team first person on

and clarity princithe add another letter to spell a word fore serving add lemon and orange juiceageless again. quarter Serve with heat truth. ofples and so "bring"), to spell and (such is as R trulyThis a slice floating of cup. orange in each vichallenging, letter is added, third After the on.tal that book

direct amakes a actually completing word anyone toapproach ]ack-O-Burgers one of today's letter or add a anyone who cannot probbiggest lems. $2.50 to spell a real word misses, and with Fill fresh bakery buns with your

each miss becomes a G-H-O-S-T. favorite recipe for barbecued hamburAfter the fifth miss he is a "ghost,"gers. Make pumpkin faces on each bun

and anyone who talks to a "ghost"by slicing stuffed olives for eyes, pickles becomes one also. The object is to for nose and mouth. A dab of honey

avoid ending a word, but this is will keep features in place, but use it sometimes impossible. If anyone adds sparingly!

a letter without a definite word in

Black and Orange Salad mind, he is open to challenge and if caught misses. A mistaken chal- 1 package lemon gelatin

lenger misses also. 1 cup hot water

3/4 cup cold water Deseret"Vampire, Goblin, Ghost, and Ghoul 21 tablespoonsteaspoon gratedlemononionjuice(optional)

sliced ripe olives pitted and cup!/3 parlor favorite Mark, game "Matthew, Book Co. This is a Halloween twist to the 3 ounces processed cheese cut into cubes broken nutmeats cup!/3 four Luke, and John."The first

chairs in the room are designated Dissolve gelatin in hot water. Add

Vampire, Goblin, Ghost, and Ghoul, cold water, lemon juice, and onion and 44 E. South Temple and the remaining chairs are numchill until slightly thickened. Fold in

Salt Lake City bered 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, etc. The person remaining ingredients. Serves 6.

758 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Pumpkin Chiffon Pie

3 eggs, separated 1 cup sugar 1 cup canned pumpkin milk cup!/2

1 gelatin Favorite drink tablespoon v4 cup water teaspoon salt teaspoon ginger teaspoon nutmeg of healthy families teaspoon cinnamon pinch cloves

Combine egg yolks, onehalf cup sugar, pumpkin, milk and spices in double boiler and cook until thick. Add

gelatin soaked in water. Cool until

partially set, then add egg whites stiffly beaten with remaining sugar. Spoon

gently into crumb or pastry shell.

Crumb Shell

22 vanilla wafers, finely rolled!/3 cup melted butter

2 tablespoons sugar Y2 cup finely chopped nuts Mix together and press with spoon f into 9-inch pie shell.

Caramel Fortune Balls

1 pound candy caramels 5 tablespoons hot water 4 quarts unbuttered popcorn

Melt caramels in top of double boiler and add water. Pour over corn, and

shape into balls, inserting in the center of each a "fortune"for each guest (previously typed and folded very tightly so it will not stick to candy). Twist Instant Poskim with hot milk

in transparent food wrapping and tie orangewith balls. and black ribbons. Makes is a nourishing cereal beverage! 12 medium

You and your guests will all enjoy your party more if you avoid lastminute There's a lot of wholesomeness in a delicious cupful of grainrich details and prepare your games and Instant Postum, prepared with hot milk. Here's whyprizes days in advance. Black and

orange salad, pumpkin chiffon pie, and Instant Postum is made of nourishing whole wheat and bran.

caramel fortune balls can also be made Add hot milk and a little sugar, and you have a hearty, healthful the day before to relieve any dayof-thebeverage with all the warmth and satisfaction you crave from a party blues. So happy planning, and hot drink!

happy haunting!

Instant Postum is also good with hot water, or as a milk shake with cold milk.

Serve it to your family today—it costs less than a penny a

cup! Another wonderful General Foods product.

NOTE

In the June issue of the Era on page America's favorite cereal beverage 468 the tasty spoon bread recipe should include at the top of the list of ingredients 1 quart of warm milk.

Whoever heard of a lemon pie recipe without water? We haven't.

Therefore, please correct the recipe on Postum i to issue of the September 678 page rather than quarts water 4 Instant Postum 4 read quarts sugar. No caffein

We apologize.

OCTOBER 1955 759 LET SISTER HELP A NEW WORLD OF FASHION by Louise Price Bell... in the west's tou'll find that bedtime will not a businesslike affair. Not so with the

be a nightmare nor a dreaded older sisters, as they will not only most beautiful store ordeal if you give Big Sister the like the responsibility but will at the responsibility of looking after her same time also be receiving excellent small brother so far us undressing, training for their later roles as mothbathing, brushing teeth, and all the ers. Try this arrangement in your

bedtime routine is concerned. He family, and you'll find that Little won't mind brushing his teeth to the

tune of Sister's merry little jingle or Brother will look forward to bedtime slipping into his pajamas when he if Sister is going to tell him a story and she are playing most of the time. as she undresses and bathes him.

Mothers are usually busy at this And, at the same time, a fine spirit early bedtime hour and getting ready of comradery will be built up between for bed often has to be more or less the two children.

THE NEW MAKOFF

South Temple ot Second East

GRIND YOUR

FLOUR & CE with this sturdy WHEAT MILL ONLY $g50

POSTPAID

ANYWHERE IN AMERICA

—A Russell Photo

corn Mill and cracks or grinds wheat, all

V/2 grains. Grinds kinds or soft of hard

pounds of flour or cereal per minute.

... Fully guaranteed by Pehrson's.

SPECIAL PRICES TO L.D.S. GROUPS HANDY HINTS

Please send one Wheat Mill. Inclosed Is me will of be three Hints used tablespoons Blend honey with Payment for Handy

order.) or (check $6.50 money confectioner's publication. of event of tablespoons In the couple a one dollar upon

Name that two with the same idea are submitted, sugar and a tablespoon of butter or

Address the one postmarked earlier will receive the margarine. Dribble this mixture over hot

biscuits dollar. of the oven. they can the ideas be returned, from come when None

City B. careful eating! Caliconsideration. will receive good Mateo, H., San Very but each

State fornia.

If you add a little sugar to the milk and

PEHRSON HARDWARE eggwhenmixtureyou areintomakingwhich Frenchbread toast,is dippedthe frostingPush shortas "vases"piecestoofholdmacaronitiny flowersinto cakefor 2102 SOUTH 11th EAST SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH bread will brown well in the skillet. Mrs. a special occasion cake. Mrs. R. C, Cains-

A. A., Salt Lake City, Utah. ville, Missouri.

760 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

waxed I Paper MaWr'

To serve 5 or 6,.

<opp.d n4""e * * Me toste '','"a\p* P '"P<"rs, wrap.!""*<"*.*AZ

'"ZEE VVI'/;'**'*..- ****,. 7; C*

jf

[xyOStd pOJf)Q)h\ ooQLpL

makeahead salads stay so crisp, sandwiches so fresh, leftovers so tasty, when wrapped in ZEE Waxed

Paper. ZEE is completely bathed in preservative wax..

every inch of its glossysmooth length. You'll like

ZEE... the way it keeps flavor and freshness in,

dryness out. And so economical

uyjtliM Mjiaj'mJIm ZEE pWutk)!

Crown Zellerbach Corporation Why Share Your Space UNDERSTANDING with a Swinging Door? BISHOPS

by O. A. Kearney AND OTHER CHURCH OFFICIALS

Save more than $500 on the purchase of your CHURCH ORGAN remember the socalled "bank holiday"of 1933 when all of the

I banks were closed for a few days.

We were not doing business at all, but a few of us officers were sitting at our desks. The front door opened,

and a rather poorly dressed man came

in.

He walked down the deserted lobby, looking inquiringly at the tellers'windows. I left my desk, went up

to him, and tried to explain that all the banks were closed temporarily. You're invited to come in during Con-

a "MODERNFOLD"He seemed more confused. I soon offerencethe ESTEYor any timeTWO -MANUALfor a demonstrationVIRTUdoor takes none saw that he could neither understand OSO ORGAN.

MORE SPACE FOR LIVING nor speak English. Also the new ESTEY twomanual elecNEW COLORFUL

RIGID - STRENGTHBEAUTYOF STEEL I called downstairs for one of our tronic organ available now. *

* MOVABLE WALLS janitors to come up.

that doors the CO. MUSIC SUMMERHAYS

like accordion an Utah Lake City, East 1st South Salt fold "Joe,"I said, "this old gentleman 21 has come to get his money. He is a Phone EM 3-4479

modernfold Bohemian,English. Willand youdoesn'tsee ifunderstandyou can

explain to him?"

"Sure,"said Joe. "I will talk to

For demonstration write or phone him."

Soon Joe and the elderly man were in earnest conversation. I saw Joe1343 South ALDERSMain Salt Lake City

Phone IN 7-1531 leading him out the front door, and

Please send me your free booklet entitled both seemed in a good humor. I felt

"More Space for Living"IE10. relieved.

NAME.... I said. "Did work, Joe,""Good

Address.. back to come persuade him later Keep Kip Handy for Burns State you City for his money?"Kip is the West's most famous burn treatmentcuts scalds, and sunburn, for first burns, aid I persuaded "Sure laughed, Joe

promotes promptly, eases pain scratches. Kip

to didn't draw his him. want He creamy of scarring. Keep chances lessens healing,

money out. He wanted to deposit Kip ointment always handy for emergencies.

some."powerfulOr try soothingpainliftingKip antiseptictopical anesthetics.oil. Both containBoth

are antiseptic—safe to use with children. Get it

Wisdom is the principal thing; therefore at drug stores in 50c tubes or Vi lb. tins $1.

get wisdom: and with 'all thy getting get or send 10c for sample to Kip, 778 E. Pico,

understanding. (Proverbs 4:7.) Los Angeles 21. Keep Kip handy!

mowvoe k FOLDING Beautifies All Woods and Protects Should Parents Be Teachers? BANQUET "Plastic crystal - clear the originalGet

blond, page outside 715) on or {Continued inside fromSpar."Use TABLES

all hardwoods pine, and redwoodknotty to practice today is It a becoming... rods, fishing boats, stationfloors, wagons,

to be good. children cajole, to coax, buy Prices & Direct salt try weather, hot andetc. Withstands

children, to us, to say hesitate, some of to or spray We brush apply, Discounts towater. Easy

quick to dry! Does not darken. Durable you must not do this, you must not do that, Churches, Schools,

to lumber hardware, people Sold by not crack. our young we hesitatedoes and to do and all Institutions postpaid. sent dealers. paint Or them. The offendand No this, because we may

CO. D.s please. #2.25 quart, $7.75 gal., tax Lord has made it perfectly clear, from

Paint Mfg. Security Royal Dutchincluded. us told has in no until now, and 63. Adam St., Los AngelesCo., 1621 No. Indiana certain are there that words, unmistaken

TRUCKS fell bedo. shaft not"things "thou Adam storingMONROE For Chairstruck wayTables the easy not."shalt violated one "Thou he cause EachandConstrue: modernFoldingtables handles DRINK storage chairs.permits of No. TSCor of series Storage whole a Sinai Transport gave from Moses eitherTruckspace. tionin limited

No. Truck not has of which one only commandments, to inquiries their Units Church T$may direct

it. 47 East Department, in Purchasing shalt not"Church "Thou ficq the City 1, Utah. A delightful Salt Lake South Temple,

sisters, our young peoand for those hot beverage My brethren who don't drink coffee. ple welcome, they expect that we shall tell the IMovtaoe. company

AT YOUR GROCERS them what to do and what not to do, and 249CHURCH STREET, COLFAX. IOWA

762 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA what not to do must be told them in such language, in such terms, and with suchemphasis that they are not left in doubt. Thinking About A New Organ?

Try this on your young people and you will be amazed at the response you will get. Let us give you facts that helped in the choosing

They are hungering for the gospel. See to and recent installation of a

it that we do not starve them; they must

be fed. (Conference Report, October 1941,P. 17.) HAMMOND ORGAN

in the Criminologists tell us that most of our delinquencies originate in bad or PALMYRA WARD CHAPEL neglected homes. Economists say that WOODLAND WARD CHAPEL

the training of the home is largely responsible for the thrift, industry, OQUIRRH STAKESPENCER WARD and prosperity of the nation. Doctors TABERNACLE

advise us that the health of the people depends on care and teachings An Instrument of Enormous Power and Beauty Providing a in the home, and eugenists assure us Magnificent Variety of True Church Tones.

that the whole trend of human hapNote: Special Demonstration Recitals During Conference.

piness, intelligence, goodness, and enGet Details from Seldon N. Heaps.

durance depends on it. CO. GLEN BROS. MUSIC members To the CITY SALT LAKE of the Church, OGDEN PROVO

the home has an enlarged significance 74 So. Main

that is subordinate to nothing; else in

life, for it constitutes not only the source of our greatest happiness here in this life, but also the foundation of our exaltation and glory in the life to DON'T FORGET THE RAMILY!

After all, it iscome. basically a re24 Hourligious institution. It has its origin

in religious ceremony. It is the fulservice

filment of divine commandment. Its 365 days a year

government is of a religious nature, and the finest of its products are spiritual.

The Lord expects us to teach our children his revealed word, to imElectric plant faith and obedience deeply within their hearts. We may notleave their training entirely to teachWATER

ers in church and school. They will

Fare Reduced November 31 isassist, but we, the parents are HEATING March thrift season by Air—to Europe. Now 1 youto

their teachers, their exemplars, their can afford to take the whole family using the strength. FAMILY FARE PLAN.

costs the - * average fullHere'sfare,howwifeit worksor children—head 12of tofamily25 yearspays

family of age receive $300 reduction each on roundfirst class air fare. family of four A only trip

to this using can save service. up $900

Dear Tom: about For further information see...

(Continued from page 719) 10c a dayme... and I will give you rest. Or Plumber Take my yoke upon you, and learn Buy From Your Dealer /p\ UNIVERSAL

.of.."? (Ibid., 11:2829.) For me

"I will receive you, a Be Modern Jravet Service and will be

Father unto you... saith the Lord Live Electrically Hotel Temple Square Hotel Ben Lomond

Almighty."(II Cor. 6:1718.) UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. EL 5-6552ELSalt Lake City55924 Ogden,4-2667Utah

What earthly father can bestow such precious promises as our Heavenly Father offers us through our

Lord Jesus Christ? He promises those For missionaries, for investiwho obey him faithfully to the end IN THE gators, for home reading,

of their blot that days not he will theirout the from names Book of GOSPEL NET Atfor yourgifts to friends.

Life, but will confess their names By ELDER JOHN A. WIDTSOE Bookdealers $1.75

(Continued on following page) OCTOBER 1955 763 DEAR TOM: (Continued from preceding page) this to his children? Can any human

before our Father and before his birthright be of greater value than angels. And each of these faithful your divine one, Tom? Your Heavones shall be given a new name, enly Father acknowledges you as his

"... which no man knoweth saving child, and offers you the privilege of

he that receiveth it."(Rev. 2:17.) bearing his name and of becoming

"... and I will write upon him the heir to all that is his.

Enjoy name of my God... and I will write The Apostle Paul wrote, "For as

finer flavor upon him my new name."(Ibid., many as are led by the Spirit of God, greater and

nutrition of 3:12.) they are the sons of God.

whole wheat If an earthly father has the right "... ye have received the Spirit of

... grain

to say, "I acknowledge this child as adoption, whereby we cry, Abba, freshly ground! mine; he is heir to my name with all Father.

it that for; stands is heir to itself Spirit he and witness beareth "The every food element Everincreasing

retained possessions,"in spirit, popularity chilTO-is my with our more how are the much that we for I prices—FREEWRITE Everyone knows

facts! right has to that DAYrecipes—food our Heavenly Father say dren bread of God: ofher and cereal

foods with whole made grain freshly ground FLOUR OFFER—SPECIAL is far tastier richer and coupon introfor Send in nutrihealth-giving

offer of lb. ductory 5-

it's ments. And the—pkg.. Deaf Smith wheat wise where somehome richAmerica's

is thing done about in it. flour,est food elements,

or select -Minn., efficient, Rapid the—

flour wheat stone Electric Lee Household Wis.—

ground it's x en ana tomeulna the day FlourMill reduces whole shipped. fluffy grain to for flour

penny of a a fraction all, LEE ENGINEERING CO. Richard L. Evans pound. Best of a

it's STONE GROUND—Milwaukee 3, Wis.

LEE ENGINEERING COMPANY, Depf., I.E. Tn Hamlet, Shakespeare penned this provocative sentence:

2023 Ave., Wisconsin W. Milwaukee 3, Wis. * face, given has one "God you make yourselves and you

5-lb. SMITH pkg. DEAF FLOUR, Postpaid. Only $1.50 1 another."also into this given us has entrance in our 5- God lb. WIS. FLOUR, Postpaid. -MINN. pkg. (ti Only $1.00D

Name life, a new start for the making of memories, and as we make | our memories, we ourselves become the evidence of what weStreet are, and no man need write our record. Many things weCity State

]::s0-: 1 might have thought were longforgotten have proved to be

1 persistent, stored away, only waiting to be recalled. We never

<A know when something will start a chain reaction of ideas (A that will bring back some memory from the far past. We

never know when something will recall a longforgotten imVITAMINS pressionit to be—andof the ifpast.we didn'tUsuallyfecimemorythat weis useful.could countWe expecton it,

we surely wouldn't spend the years of time and effort in learning, in storing away information, later to be put to some MINERALS useful purpose. Sometimes it takes a little brushing up,

Drink them in a little freshening of memory to recall what we have once delicious juice form—Use a learned, but once having learned something, we expect to

SWEDEN Speed JUICER be able to bring it back. And this also we would well remember: that the same process which records what we would

Give your family the natural nutrients of carrots, celery, want to remember, also records what we would perhaps apples, cabbage, etc. in delirather forget. This emphasizes the importance of the making

process juices. Sweden cious

flavor. Even of memories, of the thoughts we think, of what we choose to natural for true

those who balk at cooked veggive our attention to, of what we permit to be stored in our etables will want "seconds."minds. We ourselves are our written record, and if we have

Juice in seconds. written some things wrong, there is still the blessed privilege

Easy Easy toto clean.operateof repentance, and with it, peace and quiet thoughts can come, even after a bad beginning—if we have the strength

and courage and desire to turn about and sincerely improve our performance. But if we want the kind of memories that

are good to remember, we had better live and do and think the things that make that kind of memories.*

At leading department, appliance and healthfood stores, or write far Ulte Spoken Word FROM TEMPLE SQUARE free folder.

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

SYSTEM, AUGUST 14, 1955 PAT. NO. 2297880 Copyright, 1955 CWCDCNWSPEED JUICER OTHERS PENDING Shakespeare, Hamlet, Act iii, sc. 1,

SWEDEN FREEZER MFG. CO. *Revised.

DEPT. JI-] JUICER DIVISION SEATTLE 99, WASH. I "764 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

"And if children, then heirs; heirs

of God, and jointheirs with Christ; if

so be that we suffer with him, that wemay be also glorified together."vvtfv*

(Romans 8:1417.)

There is a name for you to bear,

Tom. There is a Father's blessing

for you to receive. You are a member of a royal family. What moreprecious knowledge can, you attain &

than the knowledge of your true inheritance as a child of God?

"I would give everything I own to know who I am."

Would you, Tom?

President Joseph Fielding Smith This panel of Blue Ridge

Doublex Glass gives a Visits the Far East cheerful, sparkling dec- (Continued from page 703) orative effect, without

Members of the Church in the Far sacrifice of light.

adds Glass PatternedEast had been anxiously awaiting the in smartness and charm visitors from Salt Lake City, and or office. your home

when President and Sister Joseph And—Decorative Glass

Fielding Smith arrived in Tokyo, is practical, transmits light and is NOT many of the Saints, both the Japanese expensive.

people and the servicemen stationed here, came to the mission home to \ \welcome them. For many of the 65 W. First South—21st South & 2nd West

servicemen it was a little touch of and Bennett's Branches throughout thehome while faraway. For all it was Intermountain Country. \Sj8MAtt

gratifying to meet these wonderful servants of the Lord. The mission

home was crowded with happy people, and as is usual, there were many surprise meetings of old friends. Higher Skills

Over fifteen hundred LDS servicemen in the Far East are organized Mean into fortyseven groups and branches, and sixty to seventy percent of these Better Jobs men are active. Last year about

$26,000.00 by was contributed them

There is still time to theto Church activities and in Japan

Far East. register for the AuThe following Sunday, July 31, a tumn Quarter. Start

quarterly conference was held for the your business career Latimer, Janet Sprouse, Nathan R. Larsen

: Florence recentlyservicemen of the Central Honshu NOW! These three studentsRear P.wonEvans,Gregginstructorawards for passing

official 160wordDistrict in the military chapel at the (Miss Latimertest.typedTheir127 goalwordsnowa minuteis 175 wordsfor fivea minute.

Washington Heights housing area in minutes without error!)

Tokyo. It was a wonderful feeling!"""""'". ""iiiimuu

to SfND FOR = I be in such a large congregation BUSINESS COLLEGEagain.

UNIVERSITY BRIGHAM OF BRANCH YOUNG the conference got under When '"",, Salt City'Lake 3-2765 Main - 70 North - EM seats all the After were filled.way, ''",,'"/,'""/nil""1"1 ni>'iii'include Classes 'Get Toe Your and about Autumn Send me a kit of information

a song and prayer, the names of the In The Door"by J. P. McEvoy.leaders of the Church, from Presi- \mName -

dent David O. McKay on down to Address City State

our district leaders, were read to give us the privilege of sustaining them

FOR HEADQUARTERS L.D.S. f to of our votewith and remind us NEVADA IN LAS VEGAS, k the d

of of principle free theimportance agency in the gospel. YE KINGS REST MOTEL

One of the sweetest moments of the Dr.526HaroldSOUTHB. 5THFoutz,STREETOwner

afternoon came when Sister Smith sat Edgar H. Foutz, Manager

(Concluded on following page) Beautyrest Mattresses Throughout ORocens f QUICK,EASV SO t>EUClOOS

OCTOBER 1955 765 President Joseph Fielding Smith

Visits the Far East

{Concluded from preceding page) at the piano to play and sing for us "And the Heavens Were Opened."

When President Smith came to the rostrum he spoke to an audience eager to hear his words and be counseled in the truths of the gospel. The

strength and authority of his admonitions gave courage to his listeners. Among his many worthwhile

thoughts President Smith advised:

Young Gooding cook plans to become doctor "Do not turn to the right or left,"

Idaho College Girl Wins Cooking Award yourselfand "Searchto understandthe scripturesthe togospelprepareof

It's easy for Jan Willms (right) to Here's a tip for women who bake at Jesus Christ.... We have advanimpress her college friends with her home. The handiest yeast you can tages of which the world knows nothcooking skill... all she has to do buy is Fleischmann's Active Dry ing."

is show them the ribbons she won in Yeast. This grand dry yeast is so easy And so it went throughout the

cooking contests. Here Sue McMahon to use—dissolves in a jiffy and rises Sunday afternoon and evening. The

admires the big prize ribbon Jan won fast. Fleischmann's Active Dry Yeast Spirit of the Lord seemed present in

last forjust to it so convenient you year—at the Gooding makes rich abundance to edify us through Fair. specialties. It serve yeastraisedCounty keeps

of conference. the the meetings course is taking a premedical to for use. all Jan always ready months—

of the Saints in the "Land The she's University, but State theat for Fleischmann's Active Dry Ask also interested in swimming and draYeast—the yeast prizewinning Rising Sun"are grateful to President

matics—and loves to cook. She encooks prefer. and Sister Smith for making this long

too, ingredients, using the bestjoys of the Lord and trip to do the work Get the New Activelike Fleischmann's Dry Yeast. gospel. in the strengthen them "Thrifty Three""It's so easy to use,"she says. "And

always rises fast."

Melchizedek Priesthood

Get the energy you need (Continued from page 753) from are once again encouraged to be in attendance at stake priesthood and regumeetings leadership priesthood TABLE QUEEN that larly. It is at these meetings

Bread quorumrection frompresidenciesthe stakewillpresidencyreceive redi-

Because Table Queen Enriched White garding matters pertinent to priestBread is readily digestible, its caloric hood work and instructions relative for energy quickly available values become bread to their assigned positions as presipurposes. Vvhy That's Table Queen

is the ideal energy food for all kinds of diets dencies in Melchizedek Priesthood... and particularly for reducing diets. quorums. No elders quorum presitime it provides same At the essential dency can function to the best of its nutritional very important and

contributions to morning, noon and possibilities unless its members obthe nighttime meals. Combining proteins serve this requirement rigidly. solids, nonfat milk of wheat flour and

Table Queen Enriched Bread is high in protein content, and an excellent Sixteenth—Presidencies to Direct the

vitamins of source and minerals Work of Standing Committees every day. need you

Growing children and ALL adults need Elders quorum presidencies have the energy Table Queen provides. Rich in Milk the responsibility of appointing the

quorum standing committees and of enriched with vitamins and iron BAKING ROYAL CO directing the work of those commitSalt Lake City Ogden tees. Naturally the success of these

committees will be determined by of direction given them amount the Discourses the HAVE YOU READ... Selections from presidencies. been It has by quorum of

"GOSPEL David O. McKay observedmittees usuallythat inhavethe pastbeen theseappointed,comIDEALS"? At All Bookdealers $4.00 buttivelytheyas havetheynotshouldfunctionedbecauseas effecthey

766 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA have not received sufficient direction from the quorum presidencies. Elders Order By Mail From Pehrson's

presidencies are encouraged to give 10 inch sizemore definite direction to these comthis AUTOMATIC FRY PAN mittees. by

Seventeenth—Presidencies to Attend

Various Church Meetings ONLY The best way to teach is by example, and so the elders quorum $1995 presidencies are encouraged to set a Postage Paid good example to all quorum members by being in attendance at all of the Heavy aluminum, fully at aremeetings which they cover Metal plug supposed automatic, in any $5sillii0''available to attend. Elders presidenoutlet.... Perfect quorum extra. $300 con- l+SllllJJsigllllpP'

cies should make as near one huntrolled heat for more delicious dred percent records as possible in foods... simply set the dial.... MAIL COUPON

cooks shape Square 20% more. their at their attendance priesthood

Christmas, gift for Ideal as wed InclosedPlease issend$19.95me (checkone Sunbeamor moneyFryorder.)Pan. meetings, meetings, sacrament conference sessions, monthly stake priestdings, or anniversaries. Name

hood and priesthood leadership meetAddress ings, their council meetings, and PEHRSON HARDWARE City other Church meetings. Stake presi2102 SOUTH 11th EAST SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH State

dencies should recognize the fact that few, if any, excuses are acceptablefor quorum presidencies to be absent NEW DRIPLESS TORTILLASfrom their meetings. As directors of FRESH CORN a PLASTIC SACRAMENT SET andthe Melchizedek Priesthood quorums

COMPLETE LINE OF throughout the stake, stake presidencies should be cognizant of their reMexican Foods sponsibility in seeing that quorum Advice and catering suggestions given presidencies become one hundred perFREE to organizations putting on dinners. Mexican

cent attenders at the various Church For full information on pricesmeetings. Call—See or Write

to Keep AllEighteenth—Presidencies FINE FOODS MAWS of God's Commandments 350 Salt Lake City, Utah West 7th South

Phone EM 3-0609 Elders presidencies are hereby re- - WE SHIP ANYWHERE—

minded that it is their responsibility to set a good example to their quorum Set consists of 2 pieces, a bread and water members by living as nearly as postray, in beautiful appearing milk white plastic.

sible in harmony with all of God's Large sturdy crystal handles, that fold down for storage, but automatically lock into placecommandments. They are requested If Your Child Is being used. when

to obey the Word of Wisdom, to keep The water tray consists of two pieces: a flatthemselves morally clean, to keep the A Poor Reader tray, that can be used as a water filler, which

sabbath day holy, to hold family See how The Sound Way To Easy Reading incatchesturn locksANY drippinginto a deepwater,tray,andthatis absolutelyalso a reprayers regularly and faithfully, to can help him to read and spell better in a ceptacle for used cups, which drop down out course hometutoring weeks. few of sight. New justly, honestly,deal righteously and drills in records phonics with your child FOR ORDER YOUR WARD TODAY their associates, towith love the Lord tests use. University to cards. Easy and

SETS AVAILABLE AT reportstheir children gain all their hearts, and parents'with show up and God BISHOPRIC'S PRESIDING OFFICE in full to year's grade Write for 6 weeks.to love their neighbors as themselves. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH illustrated free folder and low price. of presidenciesThose members or who

do so will be entitled to have the BremnerDavis Phonics, Dept. 0-43, 1 Order Direct From

Spirit of God with them and the Holy Willmette, Illinois THE PLASTICAL COMPANY

Ghost to be their constant companion 3575 W. Manchester Blvd.

and guide. They will be in a position Inglewoo d 4, California

to direct the activities of their quorums under divine inspiration; and WE OFFER... IN USE for SEvilYrTvFiiAis

under their supervision the work of A COMPLETE Aids in treatment of Canker, simple

SERVICE ENGRAVING will athe Lord forward in move throat sore and other minor mouth

From Missionary Portraits to the Largest effective It ispleasing and manner. irritations. and throat Catalogues.

suggested that stake presidencies give Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention all the possible encouragement to the UTAH CO. ENGRAVING

ofmembers presidenelders quorum St. 231 Edison Salt Lake City, Utah HALLSSalt Lake REMEDYCity, Utah

cies this in respect.

OCTOBER 1955 767 urRigemdm%

HIGH ACHIEVEMENT APO

New York, New York Deggy Ann Goodrich was recently Dear Sirs, honored at sacrament meeting f Tntil the last three months, the Era has been my only contact for her six and onehalf years perwith the Church. Our base had been without any members

fect attendance at sacrament meetother than myself until January. At that time a branch of the

ing, Sunday School, and MIA. DurChurch was opened up at Nancy, France, for service of all suring that time she received an Honor rounding bases and we were then able to hold meetings and have

Bee award, became a Mia Joy, and our sacrament each Sunday. However, due to my having to fly

fulfilled her Silver Gleaner requireon many weekends, my Era remained my constant companion ments. At the present time she is during these times.

working toward her Golden Gleaner Now I have moved just outside Paris and will, except when award. She has received an Indiflying, be able to attend branch services in Paris with the many

vidual Award for each of her six fine members there. Thank you again for sending me the serviceyears of perfect activity. She is the men's best friend. The Improvement Era.

daughter of Bishop and Mrs. Darrell Your brother,

Goodrich of Tridell Ward, Uintah (Signed) Lt. Burns Lundgreen

(Utah) Stake.

Peggy Ann Goodrich WE PROUDLY PRESENT

Glendale, Arizona Dear Editors:

1 received your note about The Improvement Era, and I wish to express my appreciation to you.

I have been trying to get back into the activity of the Church of

Jesus Christ, and I'm sure that every little bit will help me to do so.

It is my desire to marry in the temple so as to be sealed to the girl 'I'm going to marry.

Thank you so very much.

Sincerely your brother, (Signed) a/2c Ivan P. Hardman

At a recent quarterly conference of the San Francisco Stake,

President Serge Master honorary Lauper presented Man M APO

E. Wright Elder Charles honorary awards to and GoldenJ. Gleaner San Francisco, California

Sister Sylvia Moulton. and W. Brethren, Dear

activities as his a in Elder young Utah, began Ogden, Wright close feel in to able myself such is to to inspiring truly be It me his years to California ago, took family he an and Coming man. * the Authorities General with the by and contact with Church of active years Francisco part twelve in the For San Ward. MIA

I Era. in of enImprovement messages Though the The means of such, bishopric, the as has now, he been ward and a member

it at taken while has on an home, reading Era added joyed The of adviser the to the the ward. Mutuals

I since for in the service interest been have and meaning and me activities Sister in her Utah. began Mutual Moulton Midway, A

I activities of the Church. far the customary deeply so from am for she ago pin year being received teacher the gold outstanding a Era. to subscription for grateful Improvement The my is to adviser the in a Balboa beloved She and Ward. companion

Sincerely, many young people with whom she has been associated over the (Signed) Earl G. Clark years in drama, dances, operettas, and classwork.

TACOMA STAKE SPONSORS TEMPLE VISIT

T'acoma (Washington) Stake, is just three years old, and the stake Funds for these annual caravans are raised in various ways * genealogical committee has sponsored three very successful anthroughout the year in Tacoma Stake. Elder Arlie G. Masters who

nual youth caravans to the temples. (In 1953, thirteen were in the first sponsored the caravan idea felt that in order to interest and

group that came to the Salt Lake Temple; in 1954, there were fiftyimpress the young men and women as to the importance of temple

five that came to the Salt Lake Temple.) This year 150 youths work and of marriage for eternity, it was necessary to stimulate

and adults came to the Logan Temple. During the fiveday period their interest by helping them to come to a temple once a year,

in June the group participated in approximately five thousand temparticipate in temple baptisms, and feel the spirit of the temple.

ple ordinances.—Reported by Lillian G. Edwards

—Photo courtesy Logan "HeraldJournal"

768 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

..,,....,.,

for Ancjel ahd you...

bathroom -tissue

-that Is -facial -tissue.

Chiffon Tissue is actually facial tissue

in rolls for bathroom use! And

because it is a twinply facial tissue X

it's doublesoft. So very, very gentle.

<2se*S

*3s* -

**s,

New wetstrength white facial tissues in boxes.

Bathroom tissue rolls in these 5 soft colors.

(5 Crown Zellerbach Corporation.

TYPICAL SCENE AT HARVEST TIME, ABOUT 1905

e/iaLmiu..

Classrooms are more crowded, desk styles have changed, and the old potbellied stove is gone—even the teachingmethods have undergone considerable streamlining—and all for the better. But when school Our General Agents

started this fall, you can be certain that there was a daydreaming Johnny Thomas L. Smart, our

General headAgent in almost every classroom to be had who reminded that vacation summer quartered in Portland, over was and classrooms in many there supervises 12 pert, a pretty was young Oregon,agents serving exan teacher to. remind.. him one of the... thousands of welltrained teachers tensive in region western Oregon southand graduate who colleges from our universities and every year. Teaching western In Washington.

is.. honorable, an prideful profession addition to. one that the requires Portland extensive and

they serve Euintensive education. Funds for that education have been provided for area,gene, Dalles, The

Salem, Creek, Myrtle teachers, many and those entering other professions, by a wellplanned

Beneficial Life Insurance program. Consult your friendly Tillamook, Beneficial PortKlamathOrford, Agent Turner,

for details. Clackamas,Falls, OregonNewport,City,

and South Beach.

Gilbert L. Torgeson

heads the Glendale, California agency, and with agents twelveBENEFICIAL LIFE serves Santa Barbara,

Ventura, and portions of Los Angeles coundale, El Monte, Bur- 'wteeumee ommnu bank,ties, including GlenPasadena, Arcadia, Van Nuys, Santa

Ventura,Fernando, David O. McKay, Pres Salt Lake City, Utah 4M Maria,Pacoima,Bakersfield,San and Alhambra.