BRj

The improvemen t Era May 1959

Hf-

<iy<?*.-

Spectacular Musical Play about Mormon Battalion

B.Y.U. Stadium -May 29, 30, June 1, 2, 3

Every church member should see this gigantic show poser of "Promised Valley"; sound by Dr. Harvey

which will be presented on a huge stage nearly as long Fletcher, father of stereophonic sound; choreography by

as the football field. Top national dramatic and vocal Eugene Loring of Broadway and Hollywood. Get your

leads will be supported by a cast of 700. Director is tickets from your bishop, stake president, or ward repDr. Harold I. Hansen, producer of Hill Cumorah Pagresentative, or write directly to:

eant; all original music by Dr. Crawford Gates, comAdults-$1.50 BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

Children-$1.00 PRO VOUTAH

Enjoy the jlavor of the exotic South Sea Islands

by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

Ground Water Conservation A tremendous waste of ground riverswater, water in and and /Ov>canals, particularly in the arid regions of the western United States, is due to the phreatophytes, or plants which depend for their water supply within water ground upon of roots. theirreach plants CREME -FUL new cookie These

such as cottonwood, greasewood, pickleweed, rabbitbrush, willows, and saltgrass (tamarisk) cover 16 million acres in 17 western states and add as much as 25 million acrefeet of water to the atmosphere annually, or 75 percent of the storage capacity of Lake Mead. A study of

the Green River in its 437 miles through Utah revealed that the stream is bordered by 40,000 acres of flood plain, much of which is covered with phreatophytes. The

river showed an average daily loss in September 1948, of 552.4 acrefeet. As Thomas W. Robinson

points out, the water consumed by these plants is largely wasted, for most of the plants have a low negligible economic value, and the water should be diverted from these plants to other uses or used by beneficial plants.

Don't be a Litterbug

Nearly half of the entire cookie is creme—and what

The present efforts to keep streets marvelous creme it is! Made from real coconut, beaten

and highways clean have their and whipped until it flows smooth, thick and creamy precedents. of 320 B. An edict C. then placed lavishly between two tender golden wafers. proformallyin Athens, Greece,

hibited the throwing of refuse into They're the talk of the table wherever served... new,

the streets. different and most delicious. Keep some on hand.

PURITY BISCUIT CO. Salt Lake Phoenix Pocatelto

MAY 1959 313 The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Contents for May 1959 Volume 62, Number 5

Church Features

The Editor's Page: Behold, thy Mother, President David O. McKay 326

Your Question: Keeping the Whole Law, President Joseph Fielding Smith.... 328

Just Another Book?—Part I, Hugh Nibley 345

The Church Moves On, 324; Melchizedek Priesthood: Temple Work, 350; The Presiding OfficialQuorums,organMutualof theImprovementPriesthood

Bishopric's Page, 354. Associations, Ward Teachers, Music

Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Special Features A Spiritual Beacon upon a Hill, Albert L. Zobell, Jr 331

Marvin J. Ashton 333

The Greatest Gift, Glen G. Fisher 334

Look, Mom, I'm a Senior (So That's What Boys Are Made Of—IX)

W. Cleon Skousen 336

My Brother's Keeper, Darlene Jorgensen... 339

Worship... Its Meaning and Achievement, George T. Boyd 340

Leadership Development: K A S H, Sterling W. Sill 342 ART, AND PHOTO CREDITS

Peter Whitmer's Log House, Carter E. Grant 349 Cover,

341, 392 326, 313, Davenport, Fabulous History, Lamont Johnson. 352 John

350, 382 349, 316, Ed Marvon, Strange Truth about Tulips, Evelyn Witter 359 Dale Kilbonrn, 318, 343 '

What it Means to be a Member of the Church, Annis Mather 371 TedWalterCannon,Lillian,326333

The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans 370, 376, 380 DaveMax Thorpe,Burton, 337,345 338

Church Historian's Office, 348

Johnson, 353 Lamont Crisis, Berlin S. Harris, the Universe, Franklin Exploring Jr., Times: 313; These The G. Homer

356, 385 Ralph Reynolds, Letters Reports, with Yourself, 318; General and 320; Be Honest Durham, 316; MIA Lambert, 382 M. Board Harold

Appointments, 322; Materialists Should Face the Facts of Life, 362.

Today's Family: Florence B. Pinnock

Put Them All Together, They Spell Mother 382

Bride's Corner 385

The Last Word: 392

Stories, Poetry

All for a Date, Shirley Sealy 356

Poetry 332, 344, 358, 360, 361, 365, 366, 372, 380, 387

and Richard David O. McKay

Editor; Albert Production L. Zobell,L. Evans,Jr., ResearchEditors; DoyleEditor;L.JohnGreen,G. Kinnear,ManagingEditorialEditor; Associate;Marba C. FlorenceJosephson,B.AssociatePinnock, ManagingToday's FamilyEditor;Editor;ElizabethHalphJ. ReynoldsMoffitt,

and Ed Maryon, Art Directors.

Archibald F. Bennett, G. Homer Durham, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., Milton R. Hunter, Huch Nibley, Sidney B. Sperhy, Contributing Editors.

Joseph T. Bentley, General Manager; Bertha S. Reeder, Associate General Manager; Verl F. Scott, Business Manager; A. Glen Snarr, Subscription Director;

Thayer Evans, Regional Advertising Representative.

COVER: THE rights Saints. of All of Christ Inc., the Associations Latterday the Jesus published Church Funds, by and Mutual Improvement 1959 Mutual by Copyright the Noting diamond

issues. for single special in advance;of year, a except in copy, price, $3.00 a subscriptions, 25c year, reserved. foreign Subscription advance; $2.50 of ( seventyfifth anniversary

in at of for provided rate special 1103. section for mailing Salt postage Office, City, Act matter. as secondclass the at Entered Acceptance Post Utah Lake the of dedication the Logan authorized 2, of 1917, 1918. October July

fullis this recent Temple at of the rate for acceptance contributions. are for paid Manuscripts unsolicited not on responsible Improvement lc but manuscripts Era welcomes The

that of color photograph for sufficient return. delivery and a postage be and must by accompaniedis word

days'Thirty cannot changes noticebe madeis requiredunless forthe changeold addressof address.as well asWhenthe neworderingone isa included.change, please include address slip from a recent issue of the magazine. Address temple(See alsoin northernpage 331.)Utah.

314 the improvement era 1. CHRIST in Ancient America

Dr. Milton R. Hunter

Volume II of "Archaeology and the Book of Mormon"centers on Quetzalcoatl, the "White and

Bearded God"of Indian remembrance. Dr. Hunter

brings into sharp focus the fact that Christ's visit to the Western Hemisphere persists in history even down to the coming of the Spaniards. Profusely

illustrated. $3.95

Volume I—Archaeology and the Book of Mormon—$3.95.

2. SEARCH and RESEARCH

Noel C. Stevenson

New revised edition. An excellent book for beginners and veteran genealogists that lists specific

sources for gaining unlimited information. Lists

each state in the United States with reference books, state officials under whose jurisdiction records are filed, and other sources such as wills, army registers, land rolls, etc., as well as sources

in other countries. $2.95

*-v ACTiwirmm

Deseret Book Company 44 East South Temple Salt Lake City, Utah

( ) I have find ( Gentlemen: will Enclosed ) check ( you NIGHT FUN 3. FAMILY

3. books: for encircled an account. Please charge (numbered) ) money order12 Paxman Shirley and Monroe

Name... Looking for games and fun things to do on

Address family night? Then here's just the book for

you. It also has wonderful suggestions for

City Zone State. family parties that include outside guests. You'll

Residents of Utah include 2% sales tax. find it a great help in cementing family ties and

I 8-, building wholesome attitudes. $2.95

MAY 1959 315 These Times

Locally Grown

Fine Fresh Fruits Sold at SAFEWAY The Berlin Crisis

May is the month for red, by Dr. G. Homer Durham

ripe, luscious strawberries, fresh from the local fields. You'll find Vice President, University of Utah

them, with all their mouthwatering goodness at your neighborhood Safeway Store.

uncondithe that agreement, and Russians the 1959, 27, On May you'll fact fresh find In many of tional surrender will Germany on May withdraw they announced, have fruits vegetables from and Utah sovereignty the 8, of Germany 1945, Germany, Berlin East and East from confarms. Safeway Idaho and Council Control city. Allied the to entire passed the surrounds which sells tinually qualpromotes and of powers: four consisting city of The entire the that propose They ity farms, local products from the of States America, demilitarUnited Berlin, West, be East and aiding thereby producers and the France, and this Kingdom, sounds United surface the ized. On fine available these making of four the Union. Soviet all Each fuss? Because the good. Why for local foods consumers. surunconditional after the British, powers, the has asked Khruschev

Last year Safeway purchased French, and Americans to accept render, occupied and controlled its fresh fruits and vegetables demilitarization, and, has said that own zone. Thus in the crisis ten

amounting to: if they do not by that date, that he years ago, the United States, France,

and the Soviet Union cannot be reand the United Kingdom had a $2,668,827 In Utah sponsible for the consequences. "legal"right to enter West Berlin.

$2,405,270 In Idaho What are some possible conseWhen the railroads, canals, and quences? First and foremost, dehighways were closed in the East

$5,074,097 TOTAL militarization means American withGerman zone (which divided the drawal from a strategic outpost in western powers from Berlin), rather

The total should be even the cold war. Suppose we do not, than "force"legal entry by land

larger this year. This is a typiwhat then? against Russian obstruction, the

cal example of how Safeway partits western States and United argument, Union's Soviet The. is.. "airto the ners resorted famous law, of public standpoint the from

is that thenceforth the "German lift."The Russians were legally

Democratic Peoples'Republic"( East helpless, and incapable of success-

A Friend of the Family Germany) will be completely a fully obstructing the skies. When

"sovereign state."Berlin will acthe western powers had demon-

A Friend of the Farmer cordingly be completely surrounded strated they could relieve West by a "sovereign state."During the Berlin by air, the Russians eventually

"airlift"crisis of 194849 the legal withdrew the ground restrictions.

situation was very different. In Rail, canal, and highway traffic

194849 Berlin was surrounded by from West Germany to Berlin was an East German, Sovietcontrolled, resumed. SAFEWAY zone, confirmed by the Potsdam In 1959 the situation is different.

Agreement of August 2, 1945. Under Fourteen years have passed since

316 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA unconditional surrender. German IMPORTANT BOOKS EVERY LATTERDAY

sovereignty, which passed into Russian, British, French, and American—SAINT SHOULD OWN

hands in 1945, save for the absence of agreement by the four powers on an overall German peace treaty, is now back in German hands. Fourteen years have seen the political

evolution of "sovereign two new Advanced G states"as the successor of the Third

Reich. Each set of occupying powsearch nec,lo9'cc,l

ers has recognized its own new 'Advance* "state."The Allied Occupation, its

zones, and its Control Council have nw /iove "0se "ie ra been replaced.

5, 1955, the Federal On May Re- *'"'-;e i,tt. til""-* public of Germany Ger- (West

many) became a sovereign state, under the terms of a western treaty ending the American, French, and

British occupation. This event, in Hrehensive. ne of *u

1955, had -its origin in 1948 when the three western powers issued a communique authorizing the west

Germans to draft a constitution for $2.75

a new state. Thus the Adenauer

regime came into existence in 1949, and by 1955 had gained its legal sovereignty so far as the occupying 'scours c powers were concerned. On FebruGhost SOnfh*Holy

ary Comp;,ed 10, a step final in this 1953, di-

. >>y n. Brection was i marked Dr. when James

"'"'e *-. been, Bryant Conant became "Ambassador"of the United States to West

Germany, rather than "United States

Commissioner."High "High The GBOS.

inCommissioners"turn suchad. 'Pw*rs, mfcer fl rfe,n9t of thceeded "Military in Governors"

1949 when the Adenauer regime came into being. The capital of byePhs p: Connsd s const>

the Federal Republic is at Bonn, on the Rhine, birthplace of Beethoven, site of and abortive, liberal an 6 '* ofer; PrQtt'John A. effort at selfgovernment inGerman

1848.

As in the West, so East Germany has evolved from conquered territory. 7, October 1949, On some

eighteen after allies the months had ership authorized the western Germans to frame a constitution, the East Ger- "ere;s.

co Clman "Democratic Republic"was Systat!c n reSfinS,proclaimed. A "People's Council"

in the Soviet Zone framed a Communist constitution which was inadopted May 30, 1949. Wilhelm? hur<h Work ''*

Pieck became the President of this USinor ru U"di regime, October 11, 1949, with

Otto Grotewohl as the first "Minister President."refores."

The Communists were clever in $3.50establishing the East German

"state."The capital was established

in the Soviet sector of Berlin, thus, the East German capital, located in the largest city of the German land,

MAY 1959 317 as the seat of the Communist state, are taking some risks. It is not likely, an attack on any of its planes or

had the advantage of Berlin's symbut let us suppose that the two equipment would be interpreted as bolism—even though the Soviet secGerman "sovereigns"get together an act of war. Under these cirtor was only a portion of the metropamong themselves and negotiate. cumstances, East Germany might be

olis. Berlin could theoretically emerge in obliged, although not willing, to

In 194849, Berlin was an island a new light as a city of both recognize that West Berlin is still of quadrupartite occupation, within "states."Under such a scheme, the bevond the reach of an East German

a larger occupied area of four zones. West Germans would, of course, sovereign state; and, it is also within

In 1959, Berlin (at least West Berlin) have to insist upon right of entry, the reach of the NATO powers, inappears more and more to be an access, and egress, in Berlin, with cluding the West German Federal island of western influence within the possible privilege of conveying Republic and the United States.

the "sovereign state"of the East similar rights to the former occupaLincoln said a house divided

German "Democratic Republic."tion powers from the West. against itself could not stand. But

A sovereign state is entitled to Or, let us imagine another case. that figure of speech has been conhave, maintain, and control jurisdicEast Germany gains its "legal tradicted now, in Germany, for the

tion of the airspace above its land sovereignty"but the United States past decade and a half. The German

and territorial waters. The Soviet does not recognize the same, and house has been divided, and the

Union is obligated to support East uses its superior airpower (if land division has been propped up from

Germany in any efforts necessary to and rail obstructions appear) to both sides, East and West. Only

resist encroachment on its airspace operate a new Berlin airlift. In Berlin remains a single house,

or other frontiers. The United 194849 we sent 600 flights a day, divided. Berlin poses the parable

States, with France and the United on the average, into Berlin. This again in microcosm. The world

Kingdom, supported by the West produced a daily source of 5,000 hopes that no hot heads will fire

German Federal Republic, claims tons of material. Today's C-124 is on any international "Fort Sumters"

the right to support its troops in reported to carrv 25 tons, thrice the and bring about "irrepressible conWest Berlin. C-54 of 1948. 'The United States flict,"as in Lincoln's time, when he

If the Russians yield "legal soverthus far has insisted on a clear right sought to relieve Fort Sumter, aneignty"to East Germany, they, too, to access to West Berlin, stating that other kind of island.

becomes a symbol of fidelity for the engaged couple... and a reminder

of the priceless value of virtue in More Precious them both.

Solomon said it centuries ago: "A

virtuous woman... her price is

far above rubies...."For man it

is equally true.

A latterday hymn writer composed these beautiful lines:

"Cherish virtue! Cherish virtue!

God will bless the pure in heart."

Cherish—how beautiful and meaningful the word: to hold dear; to

trust or keep with tenderness.

And virtue: integrity of character;

uprightness of conduct; chastity.

The Prophet Mormon, in his last affectionate message to his son Moroni, called virtue and chastity "the most dear and precious of all things."

Modern prophets have reaffirmed this eternal truth.

So, young people of the Church, if you would deserve the confidence of the clean young man or young woman you someday hope to marry—if you would enjoy the fulness of

A virtuous young man pledges his treasures the gift as she would her happiness which belongs only to love and fidelity to the girl of his life, promising, in return, her own the pure in heart, be clean, be dreams with a precious stone... a fresh, virtuous love in marriage. p ho rj-p

diamond. And the happy girl The ring—with its precious gemBE HONEST WITH YOURSELF

318 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Sand in their Shoes

The march of the Mormon Battalion, one of the most heroic and soulstirring events in American history, is to be impressed upon the minds of this generation through a gigantic musical play, Sand in theirShoes, planned for May 29, 30, June BUILD 1, 2, 3 in the Brigham Young University stadium.

With approval and direction of WITHthe First Presidency, BYU has been engaged for two years in the production of a spectacle that wouldrecord the spirit of this great march BRICK with its sacrifice, toil, sorrow, joy and romance.

Talents of two outstanding proFor Chapels, Schools, Homes, Gymducers of Utah have been combined nasiums or any building... for outside

in its creation. They are Dr. Crawor inside... you can build better with

ford Gates, dynamic young comBRICK.

poser of the Utah Centennial Brick gives you enduring beauty, production Promised Valley, who minimum maintenance, versatile conhas composed a stirring, original struction, fire safety and LOW CONscore for the complete production, STRUCTION COST.

and Dr. Harold I. Hansen, general For Brick, Glazed Tile or the new

director, who for many years has vitrified Clay Sewer Pipe with the produced the Hill Cumorah Pageant. WedgeLock, come in or call:

Dr. Harvey Fletcher, father of

stereophonic sound and one of the most honored scientists in the

United States, has worked out thesound system with a series of huge UTAH FIRE CLAY CO speakers built especially for Sand Office: 1078 South 1st West Salt Lake City Dial EM 3-2763

in their Shoes. The stage, which

will be only 25 feet short of the entire football field, has been designed by Al Sensenbach of Stanford University and will range from groundlevel to thirtytwo feet high. Jlilll FREEPARKING

Eugene Loring, a top choreogin Downtown rapher of Hollywood and Broadway, Salt Lake City will direct the dance, and outstanding stars in the Church and nation are being engaged for the leads.

Sand in their Shoes promises to be Free parking for hotel and dining guests in our new one of the greatest shows ever pro375-car parking terrace. Add comfort and convenience

duced in the Church or the state, to your stay in Salt Lake City.

and the entire Church membership THE PLACE TO EAT - THE PLACE TO STAY is invited.

HOTEL TEMPLE SQUARE COFFEE SHOP * DINING ROOMS * BANQUET ROOMS

MAY 1959 319 >y cm fie in

ZION'S GREAT WHITE THRONE Letters and "7 "Vi Reports

Idaho Falls, Idaho thirteen. Both boys have served as

Dear Editors: presidents of their deacons quorums, and

I am sending a have received individual awards. They

picture of my daughare sons of Elder and Mrs. Claud H.

ter Vonda ChristenStauffer.

sen to vou. Vonda

has had 100% attendance at M.I.A.

for six years, 100% at hoth Sunday School and Sacrament meeting for four and one half Vonda Christensen years.

She served as Jr. Sunday School secretary for three years, as assistant sports

director two years, and took part in all dance festivals in ward, stake, and in the festival at Salt Lake City four years. She

is an Honor Bee, a Mia Joy, and a Silver

Gleaner.

Sincerely, Mrs. Ralph O. Christensen

Scottsdale, Ariz.

Dear Editors, Elder John TI.

Smithson of Scottsdale, senior Arizona,

Sons, sonsin-law, daughters and and of the East member late daughtersin-lawCONFERENCE of the E. Charles Phoenix Stake High

settlers in Withers and Mary Goom, the received Council VACATICREAL in Smoot, 1887. All one but Wyoming Silver Beaver award this to a take June, you Conference come few When of the fourteen children born were Goom at the annual banin in the family extra of of for the vacation Smoot. the days most your memorable home Ten of the Roosequet

to children grew adulthood, were and life! its at... beautiful, Utah exciting best most.. velt council. Elder Smithson H. John in Salt or married the temples. Logan Lake

of to land contrasts a color and Smithson every has reward waking been all their partners, active have With been active years. an Scouter for over He hour. lives. their workers throughout Church

is also an Honorary Master Man. thirtyM left to for right Pictured the Mail standwith a fullcolor coupon today husbands

story of Utah's many vacation possiing behind wives are: Mr. & Mrs. Louis

C. Swenson, Mr. Mrs. Ben & Goom, Mr. &

L. bilities. Alan Stauffer of Afton First Ward, Star Mr. Mrs. James William Goom, & Mrs.

Valley Hill, Stake, recently Mr. (Wyoming) Mrs. Tippets, Claude Mr. & re- J. &

Tourist CouncilUtah & Publicity his ceived Eagle Scout at the Mrs. age award Mrs. Mr. William Goom, Thomas &

Capitol,Dept. 142, State Salt Lake City, Utah of thirteen. fifteen, His brother, Paul, are: Seated Mr. now I. Goom. Mrs. and P. J.

Name received his bronze palm for his Eagle Canning, (husband deceased), Mr. & Mrs.

badge, at the same court of honor. Paul Edwin Howell, and Mr. & Mrs. L. A.

Address. also had earned his Eagle at the age of Moffit.

City.... State.

320 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA i rvfvwiixnnw

WELCOME! u nitif run

lead?***->> Week*feek

Attend!

LEADERSHIP WEEK BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY And get in on this "package program""Sand in Their Shoes"Showf May 29June 3

BYU Baccalaureate, Commencement, June 4, 5

Recipients of Eagle Scout awards in Leadership Week, June 6-10

Troop 18, Ogden Fourth Ward, Ogden MIA June Conference, Salt Lake, June 1114 (Utah) Stake, February 1, 1959, are (Rear) Wallace Carr, (Second Row) Jay BYU Summer School starts June 15

Gardner and Blake Burr, ( Front Row

William Zondervan, Jr. and Max Briem.

Four of these boys earned their 100 perLook at these Leadership Week Features cent individual awards in the Aaronic

Priesthood program for 1958. Hundreds of class offerings

Utah and church history travel labs

Stay in beautiful campus buildings

General authorities, national leaders

Exhibits / tours, film classics

Church auxiliary helps Lectures, demonstrations, workshops

Special evening entertainments

Assemblies, concerts, devotionals

Bishop Willard B. Barton, Balboa Ward, CLIP AND MAIL

San Francisco Stake, makes presentation To: LEADERSHIP WEEK

left right, awards, toof Duty to God Adult OnCampus Education Department Civiello, Eldredge,Bradley Paul Robert Adult Extension Education Services and

Patterson, McGregor, Donald andMar Brigham University, Provo, Young Utah priestsactive of Explorer and members

Post 92. Oscar C. Alverson, Scout execuNAME

tive for the San Francisco Council, Boy (Mr.) (Miss) (Mrs.) Last Name First Middle

Scouts of America was guest speaker at services at which the awards were preADDRESS sented and noted that the LDS Church Street City State has one of the most effective and active youth programs he is acquainted with. WARD STAKE.

Enclosed $2.00 Registration Send Free Leadership Week Bulletin

Make Checks payable to B.Y.U. Extension Services.

MAY 1959 321 vice president of the Utah Adult

Education Association. She is the

immediate past president of theMIA

Mountain Plains Adult Education

Association. late of the The widowGeneral Board she is the Dr. Lloyd E. Oaks, mother

Appointments of Mrs.threeElainechildren.D. Dyer of Salt Lake

City, now serving on the sports committee. She has been sports director in the University (Salt Lake

City) Stake, sports director and attendance secretary in West Eleventh

Ward, dance director of Monument

Park Fourth Ward, and sportscamp supervisor for district A of division nine. At the time of this appointment she was serving as sportscamp

director of division nine. She is the

wife of Elder Gordon W. Dyer.

Stella II. Oaks Elaine D. Dyer VaLoris Webb Edythe C. Johnson Miss VaLoris Webb of Salt Lake

City, now serving on the sports committee. She has been sportscamp

supervisor of district B, division 14.

Previously she has served as YWMIA president in Garden Heights Ward,

Canyon Rim (Salt Lake City) Stake, and has been active as a teacher in both Mutual and Junior Sunday

School. She served a mission in the

. Central Atlantic States, 194951.

Miss Edythe C. Johnson of Salt

BeeLake on the City, now serving Rulon W. Doman Vaughn L. Hall Ira A. Newsome

filled hive committee. a She has

mission in Canada, has ten years of experience as stake Gleaner leader, and has taught the gospel message class in Sunday School for fifteen years, and served as organist in the

South Thirteenth Ward. She has

also been Gleaner leader and dance activity counselor in the director and V the on level. At the ward YWMIA

time of her call to the general board she was president of the YWMIA

H. Lynn Warner Lillian S. Boyce lone R. Bennion Lila B. Walch in the University (Salt Lake City)

Stake.

Various changes have been anSuperintendent. Elder Rulon W. Doman of Salt

nounced in the leadership of the General Superintendent Joseph T. Lake City, now serving on the Scout

Young Men's and the Young WomBentley has chosen Elder Marvin J. committee. He is a Scout executive

en's Mutual Improvement AssociaAshton as his Second Assistant Genof the Great Salt Lake Council, Boy tions. eral Superintendent. This was Scouts of America, and brings to the

First Assistant General Superinannounced by the First Presidency, board twentyeight years of scouting tendent Alvin R. Dyer has been December 6, 1958. (See page 333.) experience, besides a lifetime of

released from the superintendency The following appointments have Church activity in auxiliary and of the YMMIA to devote his activibeen made to the general boards: priesthood work. He has filled a

ties as an Assistant to the Council Mrs. Stella H. Oaks of Provo, mission in Mexico. He is the father

of the Twelve. He has carried the Utah, now serving on the Beehive of ten children.

dual responsibility of that high ascommittee. She has taught in SunElder Vaughn L. Hall of Salt

signment as well as the Mutual work day School for twenty years, worked Lake City, now serving on the athsince being sustained as one of the in both ward and stake MIA posiletic committee. He has been active

General Authorities last October tions, and at the time of her call to in senior Aaronic Priesthood and in conference. the general board was serving as Sunday School work in the MounSecond Assistant General Supergenealogy teacher in the Provo tain View Third Ward, Hillside

intendent G. Carlos Smith has been Eighth Ward. She is also assistant (Salt Lake City) Stake, and at the

called as First Assistant General mayor of the city of Provo, and time of (Continued on page 374)

322 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA What we already know about your 1963 car

The engine of your 1963 car will be lighter and will of weather or driving situation a car might encounter.

give you improved performance... including better Gasolines are tested at varying speeds and engine loads

gasoline mileage. to simulate mountains, traffic and freeways... under

We know this because Standard's scientists are already climatic conditions ranging from 120 desert heat to developing gasolines of the future. To test them, we use 40 below zero cold.

experimental engines installed in current model cars. The Your car of the future may never take such punishment.

engines are obtained from auto makers and modified in But if it does, we'll be ready with gasolines that will our laboratories to match engine design forecasts. deliver all the power and performance built into its engine.

isThese future fuels get the toughest possible workout—Research that leads to new and improved gasolines

on the road, as well as on this "indoor highway."Here, one of the ways the people at Standard are planning

at the touch of a button, we can create almost any kind ahead to serve you better.

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA

MAY 1959 323 a few steps from the The Church TEMPLE GROUNDS... Moves On

j:il"?*"March 1959inHSU

The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder

Edgar B. Brossard of Washington, D. C, as president of the

New England Mission succeeding President Junius M. Jackson. At this appointment, President Brossard is completing a career

of fortytwo years in government service, thirtyfive of them with the tariff commission. President Brossard has a long Church

record. In 191112 he served as a missionary in the SwissGerman

Mission. When the French Mission was organized in October

1912, he was named President, serving until May 1914. In 1923

... and your car is heassignmentsmade his there.home inHeWashington,served as bishopD. C, andof thewasWashingtonactive in missionWard

parked but a few after Washington Stake was organized, and later was a member steps from your room. of the stake Thigh council several times, and he held that position

at this appointment. His wife, Laura Cowley Brossard, will acEvery comfort and company him to this new field of labor.

convenience The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder

Thomas S. Monson of Salt Lake City as president of the Canadian

Mission, succeeding President J. Earl Lewis. President Monson

Free radio and television is a former bishop of the SixthSeventh Ward and a former counselor in the Temple View Stake presidency. At the time of this

Reasonable rates appointment he was serving as secretary of the senior Aaronic

Priesthood committee of the Valley View Third Ward, Valley View

Inviting swimming pool Stake. His wife, Frances Johnson Monson, and their sevenyear-old

(during summer season) son and fouryear-old daughter will accompany him to this field of labor.

Familystyle first to President counselor formerly Egbert J. Brown, "Crossroads"restaurant Elder as of president East sustained Ellsworth Mesa Donald

(Arizona) Stake, succeeding President Ellsworth. President

Next time you drive to Salt Brown's counselors are Elder Eldon W. Cooley, who served as

Lake, be sure to plan the second counselor, and Elder Stanley F. Turley.

extra pleasure of staying at the The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder

Byron J. Ravsten of Clarkston, Utah, as president of the

Southern States Mission, succeeding President Berkeley L.

Bunker. At the time of this appointment President Ravsten was

serving as president of the Smithfield (Utah) Stake, a position he had held since 1953. He has been a teacher in both the Sunday

School and the Mutual; and beginning in 1933, served as second

counselor in the Clarkston Ward bishopric. He served there as

bishop from 1940 to 1945, and from 1945 to 1953, was a member of the high council of the Smithfield Stake. Mrs. Ravsten will

accompany him to this new assignment. The couple have two sons

and a daughter. One son, Stephen L., will leave later this month

HOTEL UTAH to fulfil a mission in Argentina.

The appointment of Mrs. Mary W. Jensen to membership

the board of the Deseret Sunday School Union was MOTOR LODGE announced.on

Max Carpenter, Mgr.

324 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Something warm and human and wonderful happens when you send flowersby-wire

In times of cheer, and times of sorrow be there, say it with flowersby-wire. It's

hearts open right up to flowersby-wire. easy. It's fast. Just phone or visit your FTD

They speed love and hope and faith across florist—listed in the phone book Yellow

the miles as no other gift can. They touch Pages. Beautiful selections. ThisQualityEmblemand GuaranteesDeliverypeople so deeply, you almost feel the glow Dehvery anywhere.—or your money back

come back. They're the next best thing

to having you there. Next time you can't lorists Telegraph OJelivery

MAY 1959 325 Behold,

As we pay tribute to mothers, I am reminded of the

Christ and his mother. All through his life he proved

his respect for her. She had nursed him. We do

not know much about his home life, but we know she loved him, taught him obedience, obedience particularly to his Father, our God.

At twelve years of age a Jewish boy assumed his majority, just as we do at twentyone. It so happened

that at twelve he went down with his parents to

Jerusalem to the temple, and you will remember that he remained behind the company, and was asking and answering questions with the priests, the teachers, and the guides in the temple.

Mary and Joseph had gone a day's journey before they missed him. When they came back to look for

him, they found him in the temple, and expressed surprise, but he said, "... How is it that ye sought

me? wist ye not that I must be about my Father's

business?"(Luke 2:49.) He was twelve; he was a man

in the sight of Jewish law, but he recognized his relationship to his earthly parents and went with them.

Then we know virtually nothing about him, except that his mother treasured all the prophecies and things about him in her heart. Later, we learn that

he was with them at the wedding in Cana of Galilee.

Mary, the mother, went to her son, now grown, and said: "They have no wine."She had confidence in

him. She knew that the power was in his hands,

and the scriptures go on to say:

"His mother saith unto the servants, Whatsoever he saith unto you, do it."(John 2:5.)

We hear little about him as related to his mother until the final scenes of his earth life. A young man,

thirtythree years of age, and the mother cherished in her heart a prophecy that had been made by Simeon on the day when Jesus was taken to the temple as a little babe to be blessed.

Have you seen the artist's portrayal of that? The

326 BUSHUM:.J..'THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

The Editor's Page

by President David O. McKaythy Mother

mother, bending over a crib containing a little babe, swered. Such is their testimony, such was the result

and she is looking forward into the future, recalling of their mothers'teachings, showing the influence of what Simeon said. The painting is titled "And a home on boys'lives.

sword shall pierce his side."(See Luke 2:2535.) What # # # # #

a responsibility, what a cross to carry, but with that It is every mother's duty, and should be every prophecy, she was assured again in the knowledge mother's aspiration and supreme joy, to make it posthat all the world would be blessed and made happy, sible for her children to pay her the tribute that you and saved and exalted through her child. and I do in the words of Tennyson:

The occasion was nearing when that prophecy would be fulfilled, and it was on that occasion that "... she of whom you speak,

this one great tribute to motherhood occurred. Her My mother, looks as whole [as pure] as some serene

son was on the cross and the sword about to pierce Creation minted in the golden moods his side. Mother stood there. The love that his Of sovereign artists; not a thought, a touch,

apostles had for him was not sufficient to hold them But pure as lines of green that streak the white all there. Some had left—all in fact, except one by Of the first snowdrop's inner leaves;..."

whose side the mother stood, and Jesus, our Lord, -The Princess, V: 184189.

gave the one supreme tribute as an example to all mankind, to all sons everywhere, as he turned and Many of you younger members of the Church have said to his mother, "... Woman, behold thy son! the privilege of putting your arms around your mother

Then saith he to the disciple, Behold thy mother!"and saying, "I love you."Some of us cannot do that

(See John 19:2627.) Among his last thoughts, almost because Mother has been gone many years, but her

his last word, was of his mother. What a lesson to influence has always remained. Some day, you, too,

you and me! will have to say goodbye to mother. (Thanks to truth

# # revealed anew we know it need be only a temporary parting.) Then all you will have on earth will be

I shall never forget so long as I live, the great imthe memory—memory of the kindnesses that you have

pression my mother gave me when she told the story shown her, and memories of thoughtless moments.

of those two thousand sons who went to battle under The fewer of these memories of forgetfulness or of the leadership of Helaman. (Alma 53:19 ff.) Think of neglect you have the happier you will be.

those boys. Hold them as a pattern, you priests, To each mother's son or daughter, we would say:

teachers, and deacons, yes, and high priests, seventies, It is your glorious opportunity to make your mother and elders. If two thousand men in that ancient time happy not only on Mother's Day but also on every

could live such lives, two thousand, nay, ten thousand day in the year. If you order candy or flowers to be

and a hundred thousand, men can live so today. given her, she will be pleased; if you tell her in a

These were their principles, founded on the principle letter of your appreciation and love, she will shed of faith, inculcated in their hearts by their mothers, tears of happiness; but if you keep the spotless charwho taught them in their youth that if they prayed to acter and purity of soul she has given you, she will

God nothing doubting, their prayers would be anrejoice as the most blessed of mothers.

MAY 1959 327 President Joseph Fielding Smith answers your question

Question: "Kindly explain what James failed to hearken to and observe the commandments

meant when he said: 'For whosoever shall keep the the Lord had given them. Every member of the

whole law, and yet offend in one point, he is guilty Church today, as it should have been when James of all?'(James 2:10.) This appears to be a very wrote, should be "swift to hear, slow to speak, slow

severe doctrine, to say a man is guilty of breaking all to wrath,"and lay aside "all filthiness and superof the commandments if he has only broken one. To fluity of naughtiness, and receive with meekness the

some of us this appears an injustice."engrafted word, which is able to save your souls,"for

the doers of the word, not the hearers only shall be

Answer: In order to understand the saved.

significance of this saying, one should be familiar After giving this counsel and teaching the memwith all that James said. He was making a plea bers to be faithful in all things, he said, "For whosoto the members of the Church to be faithful in all ever shall keep the whole law, and yet offend in one

things. This epistle is one of exceeding excellence point, he is guilty of all."(James 2:10.) James did

in the presentation of the question of full obedience not mean that a man who stole was guilty of murder, to the commandments of the Lord. He points out or that one who lied was guilty of unchastity. He was

many of the weaknesses of men and pleads for a endeavoring to impress upon the minds of the membetter and more faithful observance of the laws of bers that the kingdom of God is one. Its laws are

the Lord which are so essential to our exaltation. He perfect. No unclean person can enter there. Since

names many of the commandments, and admonishes it is a perfect kingdom, its laws must be obeyed.

all to be "doers of the word, not hearers only."In There can be no disunity, no opposition in that kingthat day, as in the present, there were many who dom. Being an immortal kingdom with laws that

KEEPING

THE WHOLE LAW

328 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA have been proved through the eternities, they are connections with the source of power, the wiring is perfect, therefore there is no room for varied opinperfect, the switches are all in place, but we fail to ions in relation to its government, such as we find place a light globe in the socket. Or perhaps there

in human manmade governments. These laws canis a disconnected switch. Result? We get no light.

not be changed, for eternal things have been tried In other words all of the laws pertaining to the oband tested and therefore are eternal. They are based taining of electric light must be observed. So in the

on justice and mercy with the perfect love of God. celestial kingdom, we must be worthy in every point,

Therefore each who enters the kingdom must of his or we fail to receive the blessing. The kingdom of

own free will accept all of the laws and be obedient God must exist in absolute unity. Every law must be

to them, finding himself in complete accord with all. obeyed, and no member of the Church can have a

Anything short of this would cause confusion. Thereplace there unless he is in full accord. There came a

fore the words of James are true. Unless a man rebellion once with disastrous results, and there had

can abide strictly in complete accord, he cannot enter to be a cleansing.

there, and in the words of James he is guilty of all. "Be ye therefore.perfect, even as your Father

In other words if there is one divine law that he does which is in heaven is1 perfect."(Matthew 5:48.)

not keep he is barred from participating in the king- "And no unclean thing can enter into his kingdom;

dom, and figuratively guilty of all, since he is denied all. therefore nothing entereth into his rest save it be

We may present this example, crude though it may those who have washed their garments in my blood, be. We light our buildings with electric power. Supbecause of their faith, and the repentance of all their

pose we have prepared all things by which light is sins, and their faithfulness unto the end."(3 Nephi

obtained, except in one point. We have the proper 27:19.)

MAY 1959 329 st If"'.-:t

i...:!"w:a*s?-* *""4*/* * V '"ttriJalS'ft0fs-,S"#* 1* *i '* * j * T 2Zxw* *"*** Jim*. *y#i*"***.pTJr'i*?**Etuis,,!/** *j!

'.* +* *V i'li. a.. '-.v. ',.

! ',s'!i V ',"s!-4<*;. ', >'

VS'l-

ST > '-

-*,'!.-s-t;t '"/',.

W h 'r j. 4V ** *

'%.:.. -1

fcV *"-"***$?<.

WsPitJ >*'E3p ifvr***j - i 64 - OC'*"H

*f y** \M SgS.*m *

VyvlJ.?.,; -

>.r**

U

W * lily*? **MBjjjfchaflM|2i.. -. i'*,,*,

&'"<: 51***

=--—!'linn a

Bii.',?"-. "- <:*- *'"'''

fer

rr"?

Spiritual Beacon A upon a hill

Logan Temple's 75th Anniversary

by Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

Research Editor

"Against the turquoise Utah skies concerning the fiftieth anniversary of the dedication

Two solemn temple towers rise, of the Logan Temple. We find no better tribute

Twin beacons marking well the place during this month of diamond jubilee—the seventyWhere children of a mighty race fifth anniversary of the dedication built upon the east

Of Pioneers assemble. They come from far—hills of Logan.

The temple gleams—a guiding star—Historians. place the beginning of the pioneer

And thousands with a solemn tread homebuilding effort in Utah's Cache County as

Come here each day to save their dead, September 1856 at Wellsville, and April 1859 at

And thousands more—the young, the strong—Logan.

Though ways be short or miles be long On July 4, 1857, John Thirkill of Wellsville preCome hopefully. And hand in hand dicted at a religious gathering at Maughan's Fort

The youthful lovers of the land that a temple would be built upon the bench land

Are here united in God's way where now stands the Logan Temple.

And hopes high face the coming day.... Pioneer Logan was host to President Brigham

Young, the twelve apostles, and a large number of "Lord, God of temples, through our tears prominent elders beginning Saturday, August 21,

We thank thee for these... years 1863. Sunday services were held in the bowery the

We thank thee ever that thy Son next day. Elder Wilford Woodruff recorded:

Through temples made past and future one!""As I arose I was clothed upon with the spirit of

God, and my mind was turned towards the young

Thus wrote Harrison R. Merrill, one of the poetpeople who had met us the evening before. The

princes of the Church, a quarter of a century ago, following is a synopsis of the remarks which I made:

MAY 1959 331 "'As I am called upon to address the assembly this Cache, Bear Lake, Malad, and Box Elder areas in morning, my mind leads me to speak to the young 1876 to begin gathering donations for the construcpeople who are before me. I wish to say to my tion of a temple in Logan.

young friends: Last evening as we came into this The site for the Logan Temple was dedicated Fritown, we met you parading the streets to pay proper day, May 18, 1877, under the direction of Brigham

respect to President Young and his party. You met Young. Elder Orson Pratt offered the dedicatory

to greet prophets, apostles, and inspired men. This prayer. The following Monday Charles O. Card was

is a privilege which no other generation of young appointed superintendent of temple construction. Expeople have enjoyed for eighteen hundred years, cavation work was begun on May 28th under the

until Joseph Smith, the Prophet, was raised up to lay direction of Ralph Smith. In August John Parry of

the foundation of the Church and kingdom of God Salt Lake City was appointed master mason for the upon the earth.... A few days and President Young construction.

and his brethren—the prophets and apostles, Brothers Geologists say that the temple is built not upon

Benson and Maughan, will be in the spirit world. a true hill but on one of the terraces created by the

You should never forget this visitation. You are to receding Lake Bonneville in early times. If a test

become men and women, fathers and mothers; yea, hole were to be drilled at the point of the temple, it

the day will come, after your fathers and [these] would likely strike no solid rock in the first thousand prophets and apostles are dead and passed away into feet. The area is made up of sands, clays, grits, and

the spirit world, you will have the privilege of going gravels. These authorities add that the temple is

into the towers of a glorious temple, which will be probably more immune to earthquakes than if it had built unto the name of the Most High (pointing in been built on solid rock.

the direction of the bench) east of us upon the Logan President Brigham Young passed away August 29, bench; and while you stand in the towers of that 1877, and the cornerstones were placed September

temple, and your eyes survey this glorious valley, 18th under the direction of President John Taylor of filled with cities and villages, occupied with tens of the Council of the Twelve.

thousands of Latterday Saints, you will then call The rock for the foundation and most of the rock to mind this visitation of President Young and his for the temple walls were obtained from Green Cancompany.'yon. A temple mill was constructed in Maughan's

In 1869, six years after Wilford Woodruff's sermon, Fork (sometimes called Temple Fork) of Logan CanPresident Young, who had approved Elder Woodruff's yon. White sandstone for the sills and other decoraprediction at the time it was given, took the first tive work was obtained at the quarry in Franklin.

steps toward its fruition by calling upon the Saints By November 22, 1877 the walls of the foundation of that area to extend the road in Logan Canyon of the structure were raised to the level of the ground, through to Bear Lake. This would facilitate comand the work was discontinued on that date because

munication and make possible the transportation of of winter. The work in the canyon continued, howtimber from the better sources of supply. The proever, as the snow made transportation easier from

gram was begun in October 1869, and for many the quarries.

years thereafter "missionary work"was done on the So the work pushed forward. By the close of 1879

canyon roads. the masonry was completed to halfway between the

President Young called upon the people in the first and second string (Continued on page 374)

FAR ADVENTURING

by Alma Robinson Higbee

I hope that there will be a high wind blowing,

An orchard wind, sweet as the breath of spring,

Bearing the summons, clear as a spoken word,

Marking adventure beyond my narrow knowing,

Charting a course for my adventuring.

In the blue wind, with the lilting call of bird

There will be no silence, earth will be singing,

And the blue sky calm after the storm is done,

The flash of oriole wing will weave a golden stairNo farewell words but a distant bell's sweet ringing,

When the gate swings wide with the set of my last sun,

And I shall run on eager feet to enter there.

332 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Marvin J.

.. Ashton

New Member

of YMMIA General

Superintendency

Elder Marvin J. Ashton, the second assistant general Ashton did much to get another kind of voice before

superintendent of the Young Men's Mutual Improvethe British nation—the singing voices of the Millenment Association, comes to the position wellqualified, nial Chorus which presented a radio program over

for up through the years his own life has been shaped the facilities of the British Broadcasting Corporation.

by the Mutual program and by the Church. When his release from the mission field came on

He played center in M Men basketball for Parleys June 2, 1939, he had labored in the Birmingham and

Ward (Highland Stake) before accepting a missionary London districts, and in the British Mission office, call to the British Mission in the spring of 1937. where he was supervising elder as well as associate

(With a facile way with words he had recorded much editor of the Star.

of the sports life of his high school and University Elder Ashton married Norma Berntson in the Salt of Utah days as he had served as sports editor for Lake Temple on August 22, 1940.

the newspapers of both schools.) There were more active years in M Men basketball

In Great Britain the Church found him of valueas player, coach, and supervisor of the M Men allnot only at the pulpit and in cottage meetings, but Church basketball tournament held in those days at also on the basketball courts, the baseball diamonds, Deseret Gym. He and his committee inaugurated a

and the editorial desks. "daily player award"at that tournament in 1948. He

According to the "business card"that he carried was superintendent of the Parleys Ward YMMIA during the latter part of his mission, he was "Centreand a member of the Highland Stake YMMIA board.

Forward"of the Catford Saints basketball team. They He served for many years as athletic supervisor for

represented the London Branch of the Church. They divisions nine and fourteen. He is a past president

won the British championship in 1938 at Wembley, of the 315th quorum of seventy of the Church. Pie

England, and, as the British entry in the invitational was called to membership on the Young Men's Mutual

European basketball tournament, held at Lille, Improvement Association general board December 22,

France, they won that trophy in 1938 by defeating 1948. He has served on the Scout committee and as

entries from both Germany and France. The printed chairman of both the M Men and athletic committees

baseball programs of the period record that Marvin of the board. In this latter capacity he has directed

Ashton was playing third base for the Catford Saints. all YMMIA basketball activities for the Church.

Incidentally, "pitchoff"time was usually 3:30 p.m.

Many was the newspaper headline in London those He is the son of the late Bishop Marvin O. Ashton

days: "The Mormons Preach by Playing."of the Presiding Bishopric, and Mrs. Ashton. He and

As an associate editor of the Millennial Star, the Mrs. Ashton are the parents of two sons and two

printed voice of the Church in Great Britain, Elder daughters.

MAY 1959 333 Elder Harold B. Lee, of the Council of the Twelve,

by Glen G. Fisher

President, South African Mission

A visit of a General Authority to a mission is always faith and his lovely companion stepped from the a spiritual experience, and the coming of Elder and plane and mingled with the crowd, and later as they

Sister Lee to South Africa to dedicate three beautientered the beautifully 'decorated recreation hall ful chapels and tour the mission after so many years in our Johannesburg chapel and sat down to a banquet of watching, waiting, and praying, was indeed a trein their honor.

mendous climax. The visit of President McKay in The reaction of the people to Elder Lee's arrival

1953 gave the Saints some indication of the spiritual was not loud applause or boisterous acclaim, but experiences that they were about to partake of, and rather it seemed his presence inspired love and deep the entire mission teemed with excitement and anticirespect. As he walked up the steps and into the

pation. hall a hush went over the group present, and we all

When we learned that Elder and Sister Lee would knew that a servant of the Lord was in our midst.

visit us during the time of October conference, we This was the first opportunity many had experienced felt grateful and also humble. To think the Brethren of seeing a member of the Council of the Twelve.

thought us sufficiently important to sacrifice the The weeks that followed cannot be adequately presence of one of the apostles from a general condescribed. The missionary meetings; the dedicatory

ference, warmed our hearts and added impetus and services in Johannesburg, Durban, and Port Elizaspecial significance to this long anticipated visit! beth, the conference sessions in Cape Town and in

It was this sacrifice on the part of the Brethren Southern and Northern Rhodesia were so rich in that inspired Sister Fisher and the Relief Society spiritual experiences that the Saints were reluctant throughout the mission, to send protea flowers for the to close the meetings, and more than once they sat conference. It was a way of saying thank you and in their seats after the closing prayer and wished that

expressing the great love the people in this land the two hours could be lengthened. This was espehave for President McKay. cially true following the evening meeting in Durban.

The day Elder and Sister Lee were to arrive, some Elder Lee had spoken in the priesthood, morning, two hundred members made preparation for a real and afternoon sessions. He had also dedicated the

South African welcome at the Jan Smuts Airport in branch chapel. The evening service, under the diJohannesburg. Two hours before the plane was due rection of our MIA carried the theme "Be Honest

a telegram was forwarded from Cape Town telling with Yourself."After a short preliminary program

us that Elder and Sister Lee had encountered diffiBrother Lee was asked to speak. He directed his

culty in their bookings and would not arrive until remarks to the youth, and a wonderful spirit pretwo days later. This was a disappointment, but it vailed. His appeal for clean living touched the hearts

did not dampen the spirits of the members, as two of all present, and when the meeting closed and the days later when Elder and Sister Lee finally arrived soft strains of the organ carried over the audience, a group of approximately three hundred members not a soul stirred. A minute or two passed, and still

and friends gathered to pay them homage. It was no one moved. All eyes were on Brother Lee, and

a thrilling experience to witness the sincere respect he seemed to discern that more was expected of him.

and warm friendship manifest as this great man of He turned to me and said; "It would seem the people

334 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA visits the South African Mission

do not want to go home?"I replied, "No, Brother esses of mining this rare mineral. An interesting

Lee, thev want more."He then turned to the audithing -happened in connection with an arranged mine

ence and in a whimsical way said, "Aren't you tired, tour that is well worthy of relating. During the first

don't you want to go home?"With one voice, they weekend of Elder Lee's visit we spent in Johannescried, "No! Brother Lee.""Do vou want me to burg, a missionary meeting was scheduled for Saturspeak again?"he asked, and an enthusiastic "Yes"day, but because of his late arrival we were forced

came from all present. to postpone this meeting to Sunday night. ApproxiElder Lee arose and for ten minutes bore witness mately forty missionaries were present. In Elder

to the restoration of the gospel, and then acting in his Lee's opening remarks he announced that he would official capacity as a Special Witness, he portrayed like personally to interview each one. He also exthe life and mission of the Savior so beautifully and pressed the desire to hear their individual testimony.

with such conviction that every heart was touched The meeting progressed, but it soon became apparand more than a few investigators resolved in their ent that time would not permit all to speak. About

hearts to ask our missionaries for baptism. half of the group had the opportunity of bearing

We have ample evidence of the good results from their testimonies, and although Elder Lee stayed very

Elder and Sister Lee's visit—during the six weeks late, the majority were not able to have an interview.

following our tour, fortythree investigators applied We were scheduled to leave Monday morning, and for baptism. This increased membership has been a so we dismissed the missionaries to go back into their

real high light and boost for our mission. areas. Elder Lee was disturbed, but there seemed

Almost every day we see further evidence of acto be no alternative.

complishment. As we proceeded through the mission there was

Elder and Sister Lee were wonderful traveling no recurrence of this condition and the missionaries companions. What a glorious three weeks for Sister in the other districts had ample time to bear their

Fisher and me—we are so grateful for those precious testimonies and have a personal interview with

days, and the end came all too soon. Elder Lee. They were thrilled with this opportunity.

It became our good pleasure to take Elder and Because of the shortened visit of Elder Lee we were

Sister Lee to see some of the interesting tourist atforced to tighten our schedule, and a previous artractions of South Africa and Rhodesia. We spent rangement to visit a gold mine was cancelled. A few

two days in the worldfamed wild animal game reserve, days before Elder and Sister Lee were scheduled to

Kruger National Park. We also visited Victoria Falls depart, word was received that their plane would be

in Rhodesia. Our visits were short, but very satisdelayed a few hours, leaving Johannesburg airport

fying, and I believe Elder and Sister Lee were deeply at 11:00 a.m. This gave us an opportunity of arrangimpressed as Sister Fisher and I have been impressed ing for an early morning visit to a mine. All the time

by the beauty and breathtaking scenes of this wonprevious to this was scheduled, including a public derful land. Elder Lee had particularly wanted to meeting at Springs the night before, and as I disvisit a gold mine, and quite frequently expressed cussed the matter with Elder Lee he said, in his

the desire to go underground and witness the proccharacteristic way: "Presi- (Continued on page 362)

MAY 1959 335 Ninth of the Series So That's What Boys Are Made Of

Senior Look, Mom, Fm a (Behavior Patterns and Problems of Age 17)

by W. Cleon Skousen

Chief of Police, Salt Lake City

Mom can hardly believe it, but it's true. After all Because status is so important to a 17year-old,

these years Junior finally made it. He's a Senior. success is likewise important. Too much success

Secretly, Mom is pretty proud of him. She notices can make him smug and egotistical, but too little

failure can embarrassing of or success an avalanche strength his and growing is about casual hehow him what you ask feel When him like "-X 2."make vocabuuses looks. an amazingincreasing good He

lary—sounds like a college student already. He is that means he says, "Lower than a worm—worse than

intelligent, too. She notices that he often discusses nothing."The genius is to find the happy medium

things with his friends which are completely over where he is thrilled with the discovery that he can her head. He is interested in science, politics, crime, succeed in most things but is occasionally humbled

war, thermonuclear developments, local government, by the unpleasant reality that sometimes he can fail.

world affairs. A 17year-old boy still has a lot of the Old Nick in

Age 17 is a year of status for a boy. It is fortunate him. He loves to play jokes on people. He also likes

that he is also in his final phase of a 12year battle to impress them with his reckless bravado. Last year

to graduate from high school. The qualities of a he wasn't so sure of his judgment, and sometimes he

17year-old and the demands of his final year of slowed to a snail's pace to avoid making a booboo.

high school fit well together. This year he doesn't worry too much about his judgMom notices that her boy is proud, sensitive, ambiment—he feels an occasional booboo is elevating

tious, friendly. Most of the time he likes to treat elixer for a man's soul. It is easy to see how these

her like a woman now instead of merely the family two competing qualities—hunger for success and

housekeeper. He may even ask her for a dance some reckless irresponsibility—frequently combine to put

time—perhaps at school or at a church party. She him squarely behind the proverbial eightball.

knows that underneath he is still a little scared about However, Junior isn't likely to be malicious about it.

life, but he would rather be boiled in oil than show it. In fact, he seems to lack the ability or insight to

realize sometimes just how serious his senseless pranks

Portrait of a 17Year-Old can be. This characteristic is also apparent in crimes

Age 17 is a good year, but it is also a year of thrust. at this age level.

Junior has only had part of one good year to build upon, and he can still recall with a shudder the hauntLearning Right by Resisting Right ing void of age 15 and early 16. His positive qualities This brings us to one of the strange paradoxes in

are like delicate blossoms in a summer sun. They many 17year-old personalities: learning things by

can be carefully nurtured to strength and permanence fighting them.

or be shriveled and wilted by a single exposure to a A particular boy knows, for example, that he blistering heat treatment. The task of parenthood is shouldn't steal because his parents always told him

to see that every positive trait is enthusiastically cultiso. But why shouldn't he steal? The next thing his

vated and every negative trait is gently but firmly parents know, the family pride and joy has tried it suppressed. out and got himself in a whopper of a jam. He is

336 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

to thank them. I have told you all your life, when

you see a crowd headed for trouble, break away and leave. Tonight I hope you learned your lesson."

Later this same boy told the juvenile officers, "Dad was right. Ten minutes more and I would have been

as guilty as the other kids. It was beginning to look

like fun, and I was going to help pull the next job."

When parents understand the psychology of the midadolescent, they can be very helpful to themselves as well as their boy. If the police pick up "a

real fine boy"—which most of them are—who has been

fooling around, the boy's father can add a building block to Junior's personality by saying, "My boy, you know better. Now take your medicine like a man

and we'll just call it one of life's lessons."

Some boys may try not only stealing but also drinking, smoking, gambling, perhaps even some narcotics.

A wise parent will move in on these problems with a boy and try to remove the mysterious glamor which embarrassed; the family is embarrassed. Parents surrounds them. All Junior wants to know for sure

cannot understand why the juvenile officers treat the is whether or not the things his parents have said thing so matterof-factly. "They act like they were were "bad"are really bad. "Parents might be wrong,"

expecting Junior to do it all the time!"the father he keeps telling himself.

complains. "No,"the officers may reply, "but this The same doubts and suspicions may arise in conis the age when some young folks test the barriers of nection with religious teachings and developing a

society just to make sure they will hold."mature philosophy of life. Junior may manifest a

"But Junior is just not that kind of boy!"his mother new desire to get to original sources. He is no longer

exclaims. satisfied with merely being told. He wants to be

The officers agree that no doubt he is a very fine shown. Patient handling of each problem by a wellyoung man but at the moment he was that kind of informed parent or other adult will usually keep his

boy, and he did test the barriers and that is why he faith alive and his convictions open to the evidence.

needs to get the usual "character improving treatment."Girls

This is Junior's opportunity to learn for himself At 17 a boy can go in and out of love like a porpoise that stealing is for the birds. Sometimes parents will diving in and out of water. There is a reason. Girls

argue with the officers who are sincerely trying to in the Junior and Senior class with whom he assobe helpful that Junior is being abused, being misciates are mature enough to be attractive, sympathetic, understood, being blackened for life. If this continues and radiant with the possibilities of adult life. He

Junior soon starts singing the same tune. As a result, senses that they see in him all the full possibilities of

he not only fails to get his personal lesson on stealing, a man. They reflect it in their speech, in their coy

but he gets inoculated with a particularly potent shot flirtations, in subtle gestures which are felt but not of personality poison and soon starts wailing: "They're spoken.

picking on me!"A 17year-old boy interprets all of this as a wonderRecently, a boy was picked up with a juvenile ful compliment to his "adequacy"and his "compegang who were in serious trouble. At headquarters tence."It satisfies a gnawing hunger. He wants so

the parents of this boy were urged by other parents much to "arrive."In the companionship of certain

to sue the police because this particular boy was girls he gets the feeling that they think he has arrived not involved in any crime. He just happened to be already. They talk to him about grownup subjectsalong with the crowd. The father of the boy realized even delicate subjects—in a casual, sophisticated way.

this but knew he might never have a better opportunHe likes it. It is as easy to fall in love with one of

ity to teach his boy one of the big lessons of life. these girls as falling off a log.

Therefore, he turned to his son who had been listenBut he falls out of love just as easily as he falls in.

ing to the conversation and said: He finds some girls seem to be feeding him a line

"My boy, I'm not going to sue the police, I'm going and putting on an act (Continued on page 378)

338 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA My Brother's Keeper by Darlene Jorgensen

Latterday Saint farmers and their friends in Meridian, Idaho, are often

faced with the problems of sticking together in the face of many setbacks and tragedies. Helping their brothers in times of stress has become

as much a part of their way of life as eating. These members at the ward chapel remember their injured

people are typical, hard working men of the land brother in their prayers that day.

who have their full share of incapacitation and setBrother Delmer Ouderkirk of the quorum's Church backs. But they also have ample opportunity to show service committee, upon hearing the announcement of

the type of brotherly love and cooperation which the accident in Sunday School, talked to his commitmakes for closer living to and in keeping with the tee and then left immediately for the Lindley farm.

ideals of the gospel. When he arrived many of the neighbors and friends

On Sunday morning, October 19, 1958, a severe were already there cleaning up the debris in the windstorm whipped through the state. A seventydriveway and yard.

milean-hour tempest that tore a pathway of extenEarly Monday morning the priesthood of Meridian sive damage and personal loss. At the small town responded to the call for help. Turning out in heartof Meridian, eight miles west of Boise, a barn on the warming numbers the men organized the work. Five

Merle H. Lindley farm was violently blown over as beet harvesters and ten trucks were put at their disthe turbulent storm raged on. Thirty yearold Brother posal. In two and onehalf days five acres of beets

Lindley had just finished his morning work and was were harvested and the labor of love continued. The

running towards the house when the roof was second quorum of elders, along with the sixth quorum savagely torn from the barn. Unable to escape in of the Meridian Second Ward planned the work and

time, he was pinned to the ground beneath a large took care of Brother Lindley's livestock, one of the section of the wreckage. Standing helplessly by as harvesters was furnished by the Eighth Ward elders,

witnesses to the accident his wife Lou Jean, and and neighbors not belonging to the Church worked his two small sons Dale and Randy, watched the side by side to get the work done. Under the direcstorm strike its awful blow from the porch of the tion of the bishopric and the quorum presidencies of

house. the various quorums were high priests, seventies,

Bishop Randy Leavitt of the Meridian Ward, West elders, and one member of the senior Aaronic PriestBoise Stake, hurried to the scene of the accident after hood.

receiving an urgent call from Sister Lindley. The While the men labored in the fields, the women,

seriously injured elder was then rushed by ambulance under the direction of the Relief Society presidency, to a Boise hospital accompanied by his wife and the prepared food and took it to the Lindley home to serve bishop. Behind them lay all the work involved in workers a noon meal. Sister Lindley's helpers enclearing away the debris left by the destructive power abled her to remain at the bedside of her critically

of the storm. Behind them, too, lay the mammoth injured husband.

undertaking of the forty acres of beets awaiting This is one of many examples of devotion shown harvest; 1,134 man hours of hard work. by the stalwart Saints of Meridian and the Meridian

The bishop stayed at the hospital to render what Ward. They are called to give service many, many

assistance he could. From there he called the presitimes, and they do so willingly and happily. One

dent of the second quorum of elders, Gordon Hansen, member who burned his hands was assisted by the to advise him of the tragedy. elders quorum when they put siding on his home.

"I wouldn't give a dime for Mr. Lindley's life,"the Another member was gored by a bull and the quodoctor confided in Bishop Leavitt. "It will take more rum helped take care of his farm and feed his

power than I have to save him,"he gravely added. cattle. With the accidents, sickness, and catastrophe

The bishop called Brother Merrill G. Stucki, second which often come to these farming Saints the motto

counselor in the bishopric, and asked him to have the "Our Brothers Keeper"(Continued on page 372)

MAY 1959 539 Conducted by the Unified Church School System

Religion, at its best, is essentially a way of living which gives to religion whatever unique quality it which involves the person in meaningful relationship may have; and morality can be said to be a part of

with the totality of his environment. But of all the religion only when it partakes of this same quality.

dimensions of human experience, religion has conIf what has been said is descriptive of religion, cerned itself primarily with the spiritual and the then it is obvious that worship is essential to religion.

moral. With few exceptions religion has been interThe purpose of this short essay will be to consider the

ested first, in man's relation to God and second, in worship experience, to clarify its meaning and deman's relation to his fellow men. It is significant scribe its process.

that these two dimensions of religious experience The ideas that men have about worship vary with are emphasized in Jesus'evaluation of the commandtheir concepts of God and man and, also, with their ments. (D&C 59:5-6.) While the first and second notions of the relationship of God to man. Worship,

commandments and the experiences they entail are as it will be described here, is to be understood not mutually exclusive, it is the knowledge and love against the background of Latterday Saint theology of God which constitutes the spiritual domain of and faith. But this is not to imply that worship is

religion, and it is the love of neighbor which gives theology or faith. Faith is a necessary precondition

reality to the moral. of worship. Any intelligent person must believe in

Today there is a growing tendency to employ the a Being worthy of worship before he will submit word religion to mean any serious commitment a to the conditions of worship; but the act of believing

person may have. However, if we are to avoid unis not the act of worshiping.

necessary ambiguity, we feel that the term should be Worship is sometimes thought of in the broad sense used to denote only those experiences which, either as an expression of the devoutness of a person in all directly or indirectly, involve God. If the idea of of life's activities. In this sense it is akin to piety.

God is not included within the definition of the While we would agree that this spiritual quality term, we may have morality, ethics, or something should permeate the whole of one's life, we would else, but we do not have what the word religion has rather think of this general attitude as one of the commonly meant in our tradition. We are saying fruits of worship instead of equating it with worship

simply that it is the spiritual dimension of experience itself. The inner posture of spiritual concern and

340 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA by George T. Boyd

Associate Director, LDS Institute of Religion of Southern California

In the last paragraph we said that worship denotes special forms of devotion at specified times. This

statement may be misleading and therefore needs clarification. Worship is not to be identified with its

external forms but rather with the conscious attitude of the worshiper toward God. Rituals and rites are

instrumental and as such are important, but they should never be determinative of one's relation to

God in the worship experience. To compress the

inner life of the spirit within the limitations of certain set forms is to stifle its expression. Jesus'own example is associated with the simple synagogal type of

service and includes praying, scripture reading, scripreceptivity of the devout person is not unlike worship, ture lessons and, of course, later, the Sacrament of but the intensity of what we shall describe as the the Lord's Supper. But we never get the feeling

worship experience is difficult, if not impossible, to that the inner spiritual life of Jesus was subservient maintain over long periods of time. This is one of to external forms, and we would think that those

the chief reasons why we are instructed to worship forms of worship which conform closely to the natural together regularly and often. (Ibid., 20:75.) simplicity characteristic of Jesus'devotional life are

For our present purposes we shall think of worship the most worthy and adequate for expressing our in the narrower sense of denoting special forms of own.

devotion at specified times. Worship, in this sense, Having limited our subject to public worship, and

may be public or private. (Ibid., 59:9-11.) Our conhaving identified worship with the inner experience

cern will be with public worship of this latter type of the worshiper, let us now attempt an explication as it is found at its best in our regularly scheduled of that experience. It will be obvious that we are

meetings, such as the Sunday School and especially engaged in analysis, and it is needless to say that the Sacrament service. (Ibid,, 59:12.) analysis is not worship; (Continued on page 375)

MAY 1959 341 Leadership Development

s h k a by Sterling W. Sill

In the greatest sermon that was ever preached, his entire time. Every great personage, including God,

the greatest person that ever lived, gave what is probmanifests his greatness in his work.

ably the most important idea that was ever given. Have you ever tried to figure how much it would

It had to do with laying up for ourselves treasures be worth to live forever in the celestial kingdom?

in heaven. (Matt. 6:20.) To start our arithmetic, suppose we find out how

Even to lay up treasures upon the earth has so much it would cost to live forever in the best hotel many advantages that we spend most of our lives that this earth affords (American plan). Then make

working at it. But Jesus made some interesting your own comparison with the celestial kingdom

comparisons favoring treasures in heaven. He pointed (heavenly plan). When you have translated into

out that they are a lot more satisfying and permanent. dollars the value of living forever in the celestial

"Moth and rust"are not heavenly hazards; neither kingdom, then divide that sum by the few hours of

do "thieves break through nor steal."If we thought time you spend trying to get there, you will probably

about it for a while, we might discover some other find that the effort spent in your Father's business advantages of treasures in heaven, including the is paid for at a rate of a few zillion dollars an hour.

spiritual muscles that would be developed as a byTo begin our project, the first soul that anyone product. should bring to God is his own soul. But in addition

There are two principal reasons why we don't the Lord has said that if we labor all of our days in alwavs earn as much treasure here as we would like his service and bring only one soul unto him, that to. One is that we sometimes get in the wrong our compensation shall be beyond our comprehension.

business, and the other is that we are not always But with a little skill we can do much better than as effective in that business as we should be. These one soul.

same problems are probably the ones that will need This brings us to our second proposition of how to be solved before our treasures in heaven achieve to do our Father's business more effectively., This

any sizable proportions. involves the whole science of leadership. Something

In regard to the first, there is no question but that was said on these pages last month about the imthe most profitable business in which to earn treasures portance of having a formula to follow. One of the

in heaven is what Jesus referred to as "my Father's best formulas that I know of is made up of four business."Our Heavenly Father is a very wealthy letters which, with a little imagination, might reprePersonage in every way. He has agreed to take us sent the treasures we are seeking. The formula is—

into the firm, with the promise that nothing will be K A S H withheld from those who prove themselves worthy and capable. The Lord himself advised John WhitThe letters stand for—

mer where the most profit was to be had. He said, Knowledge Attitudes Skills Habits

"... the thing which will be of the most worth unto

you will be to... bring souls unto me."(D & C 15:6.) Now suppose that we take these main divisions of

That is the enterprise in which God himself spends leadership and subdivide them.

342 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 1. Knowledge

Lord Bacon said, "Knowledge is power."What a

thrilling experience it always is to find someone who knows his business, who knows where he is going, and how he is going to get there. But how much

more thrilling it is to find someone who knows his

Father's business. If you subdivide knowledge, you

get four P's:

(a) Knowledge of the Program.

(b) Knowledge of People.

(c) Knowledge of Procedures and techniques.

(d) Knowledge of the Personality of the leader.

(a) Almost every Church leader who falls down does so because he doesn't know and follow the program. That is, he doesn't know what a businessman would call knowing his "product."In our

Father's business it is called the gospel or the plan of salvation, and we need to know it backward and forward. We need to know the handbook which is

our blueprint for accomplishment.

(b) We need to know the "people"whom the plan is designed to help. We need to know what their

wants and needs are and how these needs can be properly satisfied. We need to know how the lives

of people can be touched with the gospel. We might

call this third P the psychological P.

(c) We need to know the best "procedures."A

salesman divides "procedures"up into the following:

finding the prospect; uncovering the need; the approach, the presentation; answering the objections;

and the close. In our Church leadership we also need

to know exactly how we are going to proceed. Success in our Father's business requires planning, drill,

industry, faith, enthusiasm, personal calls, training, Suppose we find out how much it would cost to live forever getting action, etc. in the best hotel that this earth affords (American plan).

MAY 1959 343 (d) One of the most important P's is to understand plus ourselves. We have called this the personality of (b) you know your people—those to whom the

the leader. The one thing that we probably know program is applied;

less about than anything else in the world is our plus own individual selves. You can ask a man about (c) you know the process by which it is to be

science, invention, or history, and he will answer you. applied;

But if you ask him to write out an analysis of himplus self, to tell you about his mind and soul qualities, you (d) you know the personality of the leader who may not get a very good answer. We need to know makes the application—and put these into action, you

how to motivate ourselves, how to get conviction have mastered the first part of the formula for into our hearts. We need to know what causes our treasures in heaven.

slumps and how to get out of them. We need to

know how to integrate our faith and our works. We 2. Attitude

need to know how to avoid discouragement, fatigue, sloth, and carelessness. Walter Dill Scott, longtime president of NorthAlexander Hamilton has been referred to many western University, once said that "mental attitude"

times as a genius. He gave us his formula. Here it was more important than "mental capacity."Another

is. He said: point of superiority is that mental attitude can be

"Men give me some credit for genius, but all the more readily improved. William James once said,

genius I have lies in this: When I have a subject in "The greatest discovery of my generation is that you

mind I study it profoundly. Day and night it is becan change your circumstances by changing your

fore me. I explore it in all its bearings. My mind attitude of mind."Most of us would like to change

becomes pervaded with it. The result is what some our circumstances, but we don't want to change ourpeople call the fruits of genius, whereas it is in reality selves. You can't be greater as a leader than you

the fruits of study and labor."are as an individual. Laman and Lemuel were not

Isn't that wonderful? And the best part of it is as great as leaders as their younger brother Nephi.

that it always works. Just think about it. How would The difference was not in their heredity nor their

you like to be a genius in leadership? A genius in education nor their intellects nor their opportunityour Father's business? Mr. Hamilton has given us it was a difference in their attitudes. It is the same

the secret, and you can absolutely depend upon it. with us. We are ambitious or lazy, interesting or

The formula will not fail you if you do not fail the dull, faithful or disobedient, loyal or independable, formula. It will work just as well for you as it did successful or failures according to our attitudes.

for Mr. Hamilton. Treasures in heaven depend on attitude.

Now if you put these four P's together you have A regular molecule in nature is made up of protons the kind of knowledge which always produces power. and neutrons. A good leadership molecule includes

That is, if a substantial number of "positrons."Laman and

(a) you know the program—that is the product to Lemuel had "negatrons"in their molecules. They

be applied; were afraid that they (Continued on page 369)

SPRING TONIC

by Vada F. Carlson

ake a pinch of warm brown eartl

Mix it well with robins'mirth,

Stir it with a Maytime breeze Strained through budding hawtborne trees,

Moisten it with crystal dew Dripping from'Add one rubythroars*; i

Then I'll be all set for si,

344 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Third of the Series "Mixed Voices"A Study in Book of Mormon Criticism

J

pie sudaenlyremembered a "'mysea to visit the Smiths by night.

Part One Just another book?

by Hugh Nibley

Here We Are Again:—The logical point of departhat he is the sole author and proprietor of it."That

ture for a study of Book of Mormon criticism happens pretty well covers it: Smith was the author of the

to be, at present, the present; for today's researches book, and its substance is a distorted image of his own

have just achieved the completion of a full circle times.

in the mystic discipline. At the moment the critics Now if all this was so perfectly obvious, then as

are right back where they started from 130 years now, why on earth did the critics forsake such a ago. Such is the progress of scholarship. Today neat and comfortable explanation to wander for a

we are being told that the Book of Mormon can be hundred years in a wilderness of speculation and conexplained fully as a faithful reflection of the mind tradiction? It was because the theory of the local

of Joseph Smith and the world he grew up in. Which origin collapsed at a touch. No sooner had Mr. Campis exactly what Alexander Campbell said in the bebell's explanation been received with cries of joy and

ginning. 1 Indeed, the latest criticisms of the book relief 2 than it was seen that the picture had not been

can do no better than to quote Campbell's thesis clarified by it at all, but made much messier. An

word for word: article in the American Whig Review explains the

"This prophet Smith, through his stone spectacles, new embarrassment:

wrote on the plates of Nephi, in his Book of Mormon, "Those who were acquainted with the early life every error and almost every truth discussed in New of the founder of Mormonism, with his ignorance and

York in the last ten years...."character for stupidity, wondered much at the publiFurthermore, Campbell observes, "there never was cation of so inventiondisplaying and elaborate a

a book more evidently written by one set of finwork, of which he claimed to be the sole author and gers.... I cannot doubt for a single moment but proprietor, and as the prophet daily lived down his

MAY 1959 345... today we are being told that the Book of Mormon

reflection of the mind of Joseph Smith

own boasts of superior value and wisdom, the wonder Only in such a case one does not look for collusion grew into a suspicion of the genuineness of his claims but for control. We do not have to look far for the

to exclusive authorship. A short time served to give controlling and coordinating agencies in the case

this suspicion basis and confirmation, and a number of the affidavits against Joseph Smith and the Book of affidavits filed almost simultaneously in different of Mormon, for they were all systematically sought parts of New York and Pennsylvania, and by witnesses out and collected by two or three individuals, going between whom there was no opportunity of collusion, from door to door and from town to town, telling peoshowed clearly the sources of the pretended inspiraple what they wanted and finding certain parties tion."3 only too glad to oblige. No collusion, indeed! 4

This statement deserves close examination. Note So Campbell's solution was shortlived, as the Whig

first of all that it was quickly realized, not only by Review has told us, and another had to be found. Acthe Mormons, but by the antiMormons as well, cordingly we find a learned historian in 1835 voicing

that Joseph Smith by his own wits could not possibly his and his fellows'relief at the new solution: "It

have written the Book of Mormon—and so farewell has come out at last, that the Golden Bible was originto Mr. Campbell's sublime certitudes: "... I cannot ally composed for a Novel, and being turned into a

doubt for a single moment but that he is the sole Bible by the ingenuity of two or three leading men author and proprietor of it!"Note in the second among the Mormons, was printed and published as

place the admission that this obvious fact left the the basis of their religion. This development we

critics in a quandary—they "wondered much."And trust will speedily extinguish the new lights."5 The

since quandaries are intolerable to critics, who are "at last"is typical; through the years the experts have

never at a loss to invent explanations, it is not the continued to attack from every angle, and periodicalleast surprising that "the wonder grew into a suspily we hear the joyful cry that at last they have struck cion."From embarrassment to wonder and from pay dirt. G

wonder to suspicion: is there any doubt what the next The alternative theory having collapsed, and since

step will be? Is suspicion ever at a loss to discover it is much too late in the day to think up another

villainy? All at once, and last of all, comes the one, the critics have no choice today but to go back

evidence: "almost simultaneously"people everywhere to the old original theory of Campbell. But if that

start remembering a certain unpublished and unretheory was so readily discredited (please note: it was

gretted novel, a dull, befuddled composition that no not supplanted by the Spaulding theory, but broke one had the patience to read but the names of whose down of its own accord, and the Spaulding substicharacters were remembered with crvstal claritv bv tute was only found after a desperate interval of people who had forgotten all about the book until frantic searching), if it could not stand up for a year then. Then another "doubletake"made it necessary on its own merits, why should it work now? For the

to explain how Smith could have got hold of the good reason that lots of things are forgotten in 125 book, and, presto! another brainwave hit the public, years! The theory that Joseph Smith composed the

and here and there people suddenly remembered a Book of Mormon raises questions and involves corol- "mysterious stranger"who used to visit the Smiths laries which a hundred years ago were readily seen by night, some three to ten and more years before! to present an insuperable obstacle to its acceptance.

There is your answer, and no funny business, either: But the modern world can very easily overlook those

"there was no opportunity of collusion"between the questions and corollaries, and presentday critics "witnesses."are trying hard to do so.

but... nothing could be

America

346 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA can be explained as a faithful and the world he grew up in

One of the latest and most conscientious critics of a book, and 2) that the book itself, as the product of the Book of Mormon, Dr. O'Dea, finds the answer a normal mind under the influences of everyday

to the whole thing just as simple and obvious as it stimuli supplied by a given environment, was neceswas to Alexander Campbell: sarily quite at home in that environment. Our

"There is a simple commonsense explanation which modern critics accept these corollaries, but the constates that Joseph Smith was a normal person living temporaries of Joseph Smith could not, however eager in an atmosphere of religious excitement that... led they were to explain the Book of Mormon. For they

him from necromancy into revelation, from revelation knew too much and they saw too much. Dr. Francis

to prophecy, and from prophecy to leadership.... Kirkham has devoted the better part of a large book

To the nonMormon... such an explanation on the to quotations in which contemporaries of Joseph

basis of the evidence at hand seems far the most likely Smith, hostile or friendly, all express complete conand safest."7 viction that he could not possibly have written the

The trouble with this position is that all "the evibook. And even more clear and emphatic is the

dence at hand"refutes it. To be consistent with his unanimous verdict that nothing could be more comown position Dr. O'Dea must accept without question pletely out of place in nineteenth century America

a number of perfectly untenable corollaries; for examthan Joseph Smith and his book.

ple, he accepts emphatically the proposition that as We are apt to forget this unless we look at the record.

"a normal person"Smith reacted to the common Today, the experts find it not only convenient but stimulus of his environment just the way other people also essential to their argument to forget how the did, so that his Book of Mormon is in fact "a primary world has reacted to Joseph Smith and the Book of source for the intellectual history of the common Mormon. Let us refresh their memories bv listing

man."7 Even his claims to revelation were but a in chronological order some thoroughly representative

"legitimate product of the intensified experience of remarks by leading critics.

the region."8 Dr. Cross goes even further; for him 1830's

all of the prophet's revelations, including the Book A month after the appearance of the Book of of Mormon, are "nothing more than what happens to Mormon, the liberal Palmyra Reflector warned Oliver any man who enjoys great responsibility.... It Cowdery that he might end up being sent as a conmight have happened to almost any one of Joseph's vict to the Simsbury Mines for daring to proclaim its

fellow Yankee migrants."9 Even the alleged treasuremessage in "the principal cities of the Union."11 Could

digging and the finding of the plates "was by no means this be the doctrine "that naturally seemed quite peculiar and quite naturally seemed authentic to authentic to ordinary folks?"In August 1833 a widelyordinary folks,"according to this authority, who heralded massmeeting in Jackson County, Missouri,

notes that such a composition as the Book of Mormon unanimously voted that all Mormons should leave "would scarcely seem fanciful, possibly not even novel, "the country,"that no more should be allowed to to their contemporaries."10 enter "the country,"that the Mormon printing press

The modern school has dug in so deeply on this should be destroyed (this was immediately done) ground that it will be necessary for us to labor the and all publication by Mormons forthwith and forever obvious by way of calling their reluctant attention cease. The reason for this perfectly illegal action

to it. Two fundamental corollaries of the theorem was clearly stated and clearly understood:

that Joseph Smith wrote the Book of Mormon are "The community especially fears that... the life

1) that it was not beyond his ability to write such and property of other (Continued on page 388)

more completely out of place in 19th century than Joseph Smith and his book.

MAY 1959 347

MP

'.;-..>-,.-..,. S *&$ I

'"P:! i SS,

J*!

i irjl'i '''Peter Whitmer's Log House by Carter E. Grant

"The abstract of title"of the former Peter Whitmer property shows the names of the owners and the prices they paid after it was obtained from the government in 1795, four years before the death of George Washington, the "Father of our Country."

Nine different nonMormons bought this home and moved into it after the

Smith family moved out, December 20, 1828. Finally on June 10, 1907, Elder

George Albert Smith secured the home and the farm for the Church.

The Sacred Hill Cumorah.

Edward Stevenson, Joseph Black, and Andrew Jenson, three of the Church's early pioneers set out to locate the site of the old Whitmer home in 1888. On

their way back from the Smith home toward the Hill Cumorah, which is three miles to the southeast, the brethren passed the old rock schoolhouse where the

Smith children had attended school, and very likely where Oliver Cowdery taught school while living with them when they moved southward from the

Smith home.

After haying prayer at the Hill Cumorah and making necessary notes, the three elders moved forward.

Heard Joseph the Prophet Preach.

An entry made in a journal written by Elder Andrew Jenson reads: "We

left Hill Cumorah about 11 o'clock, Oct. 2, 1888. Two miles south we passed

through the village of Manchester."After leaving Waterloo and starting on

foot toward the Whitmer farm, the journal continues: "We came to the house

of an aged gentleman [75 years, according to a journal written by Edward

Stevenson] by the name of John Marshall, who attended meetings in the Whitmer house when a boy [17 years of age] and heard Joseph Smith and a number of other early elders of the Church preach."

Peter Whitmer s Log Home. Elder Jenson's journal further states: "Guided

by his [John Marshall's] directions we had had no further difficulty in finding the exact spot we were aiming for, and about 4 o'clock we arrived at the farm once owned by Peter Whitmer, Sr., and now the property of Jesse Snook, a

prominent businessman of Waterloo, who rents it to Chester Reed, the present occupant. "The old Whitmer house, in which the Church was organized and in which the first three general conferences of the Church were held, and in which Joseph received a number of important revelations, was a oneand-a-halfstory log house. It was torn down years ago [fifteen years, (Continued on page 365)

% Am.

1fc AttOiJSTfoi'of The fAmity

Malachi plainly outlines the mission of Elijah—vicarious ordinances so there can be no uncertainty

to establish a bond of interest between present and for whom they are intended? There is but one

past generations, and to "turn the heart of the chilway—to identify the dead properly. And how is

dren to their fathers."In other words, the precise this identification to be accomplished? Through

purpose of Elijah's coming was to create in the genealogical research. Living persons are stimulated

hearts of living men and women an interest in their to perform genealogical research in order that the ancestors. dead may be fully identified. Then, using this identiIs there a recently developed and widespread infication, the living may be baptized for and in behalf

terest among living persons regarding their foreof the dead, who in turn receive the benefits of that fathers? The genealogical interest is here. It is of ordinance.

modern origin and is so widespread that in approxiThe Lord's house is a house of order. When we

mately thirty nations genealogical societies have been do work in the temple, it must be done in an orderly organized. way, which requires that each person officiated for

Every genealogical society, library, and magazine; must be known and adequately identified.

every genealogical record; every name on each page But how can we identify our dead? There is only

of every pedigree, and every individual throughout one way—by obtaining the vital facts required for

the world engaged in seeking after his dead, are such identification, such as names, dates, places, and physical witnesses that Elijah came. The results of relationship. That means genealogical research.

his mission are all about us. The evidence is conWhen endowment work first began in the Nauvoo

clusive. Elijah has come. One of the greatest of Temple, on December 10, 1845, President Brigham

the prophecies has been fulfilled. Young and the presiding brethren organized the

As each new temple is erected, additional responsitemple sessions on a quorum basis, one for high bility comes to the Latterday Saints. The temples priests and their wives, one for seventies and their

must be used. They are dedicated for a sacred purwives, and another for elders and their wives.

pose. That purpose must be realized. Increased genealogical research by Church memThere are countless dead. How can we perform bers will bring great blessings to them and to their

350 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

living families, and will also bring the prize of eternal the record of his own immediate family, on the life and everlasting happiness within the grasp of standard family group record such as this; then the

their kindred dead. family records for all his married descendents; and

A definite responsibility is placed upon each memalso the family records of all his progenitors or ber of the Church to save his own dead. The Lord direct ancestors. This record being made complete

has made it clear through the Prophet Joseph Smith and correct, baptisms, endowments, and sealings that if we neglect it we do so at the peril of our should be administered for all entitled to these own salvation. Every family should look into its ordinances.

own genealogical research problem. In order to be sealed to one's ancestors, a person

It takes genealogies to save our dead, and they must must make out his pedigree chart showing his relabe our own genealogies. We are not required to tionship to all his known progenitors. These names

save someone else's dead. Brother "Someone Else"on the pedigree chart point out to him the fathers

has that as his own responsibility. But we do have and mothers of the families for whom he is responsito save ours. Every family should build its own ble in research and temple work, and to whom he

pedigree charts, family group sheets, family histories, and his descendents should be connected by sealing.

and Books of Remembrance, and attend the temple A highly interesting and impressive project, followin the area of residence. ing the making out of one's pedigree chart, is to

Every Church member should have a complete prepare a portrait pedigree showing portraits of the family record of his own family, as taught by the progenitors, as far as these are obtainable. If, in

Prophet Joseph Smith. He said: "If you have power addition, a person could secure an interesting life

to seal on earth and in heaven, then we should be story of each one of these ancestors, this would be wise. The first thing you do, go and seal t>n earth a most fascinating exercise. His heart would be

your sons and daughters unto yourself, and yourself turned to them as he learned about their noble deeds unto your fathers in eternal glory."(Teachings of the and sacrifices for religion and freedom.

Prophet Joseph Smith, 340.) It is likewise recommended that each Church

This indicates that each person should complete member make out his (Continued on page 364)

MAY 1959 351 Fabulous History

When the controversy arose in October 1957, over Death Valley, California, which they named. Manly

where the ChicagoDenver-Los Angeles Defense Highsays the natives told them this great trail had been way should go through the Beehive state, it was traveled "for perhaps a hundred years."

apparent that many people had little idea of the That written account puts it back to 1750.

scenic or historic attractions of the area; nor why Other such records tend to verify it. William Wolfthe Army and Bureau of Public Roads engineers skill and George C. Yount led a party of trappers up

favored it for a crosscountry freeway. from Santa Fe, New Mexico, over the Spanish

This route—for national defense purposes—follows Trail to San Gabriel Mission (Los Angeles) and

nearly a beeline course for almost 2,000 miles through opened that route to general trade in 1830, as the the exact center of the West, from northeast to oldest and longest trade route across the Rockies.

southwest. They said this region "was then known as Saint

Whatever fame Utah has now for its scenic splendor Joseph's Valley."But Saint Joseph was an English

will be greatly increased when this great freeway name, and travel over that ancient mule path before opens up the fuller magnificence of the tinted, broken then had been almost solely Spanish and Indian, so cliffs by which Castle Valley got its name. The the original name of the valley was undoubtedly the

wisdom of Brigham Young in deciding "this is the Spanish equivalent, or "San Jose Valley."

place"will have a far wider coverage. The Ute Indians, native aborigines of the Wasatch

One explorer who traversed Utah in frontier days, country, trod the same trail, and they had their own whose adventures are little known, was William L. name for it—"Tompin-contoo-weep,"meaning Rock

Manly. Stranded in. southwestern Wyoming during House Land. No name could suit it better, for the

the California gold rush early in 1849, he and several broken wilderness of tinted peaks, buttes, cliffs, companions tried to shorten their trip to the gold mesas, pinnacles, and summits in central Emery Counfields by floating down the Green River. Knowing ty is what gave Castle Valley its name.

nothing of this wild channel, they soon lost their Geologists call it the "'San Rafael Swell,"and say boats and suffered such hazards that they left the there is no other formation like it on the North canyon where the small town of Green River, Utah American continent. Sometime in antiquity, this

stands, for they crossed the "... great Spanish trail forty mile arena pushed up in a great dome or swell,

to California"right after leaving the river. its upended rock layers bowed inward like giant

Manly's party went through Castle Valley and girders. Then something gave way beneath, and

Spanish Fork Canyon to Utah Lake, then on through the whole middle caved in. The outer rim of this

352 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Section of Utah to be served by new highway.

.W;:.,;

'7***E mm

*afe \i by Lamont Johnson i

mammoth circle now forms a series of massive Massive 2000 foot crags, all leaning toward the center, while their Rafaelhigh cliffRiveronin theeasternSan iron deposits shimmer in rainbow hues of pink, Utah. It was a landmark *—Jin. J>*

brown, green, yellow, and mauve. In the lamand a detourcaravans.to early

bent atmosphere, from a distance, they resemble

Western end of the ruins of an ancient city. Buckhorn Flat near

Seeing this enchanting spectacle from the Huntington. The road

of the original grade was Spanish Trail through the northern part of it, the Denver Grande & Rio some nomadic Arab, homesick for his own Railway in 1882.

Bedouin land of mystery and color, called it Five miles east of "Es Sinbad"—the land of Sinbad the Sailor in Castle Dale the old

Spanish trail reached its the Arabian Nights, one of the most fabulous northernmost point on adventure stories ever told. the 1500mile circuit

from Santa Fe, New Historic landmarks dramatize the region, alMexico, to Southern ready drawing motorists into San Rafael. WinCalifornia.

dowblind Peak towers lofty and lordly over all -*a>- surrounding summits, one of Utah's most majestic spires. It can be seen fifty miles to the

north, near Price, over all intervening ranges, and forty miles to the south, around its desert counterpart, Temple Mountain. And between Temple Mountain, *>**,

them to the west, in the heart of the Sinbad, showpiecesanotherto ofbe nature'sseen on the huge, rounded form of the San Rafael Dome theposedroutenewof Interstatethe prodominates miles of broken, craggy cliffs of this Defense Highway.

fantastic land.

The eastern border, greeting motorists coming west from Green River, makes the towering Windowblind Peak, rock slabs of the San Rafael Swell an astonishing highestSan RafaelsummitSwellof thein sight. The western border is the five mile Emery County, named

stretch of "The Red ( Continued on page 372 for windowlikeon its loftycarvingssides.

MAY 1959.Miinim**">—*

s*P** iOTPP

THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC'S PAG

Payment of Fast Offerings Brings Joy and Satisfaction

No enumeration of those qualities that characterize a true Christian would be complete without mention of the spirit of giving. A willingness to share our temporal blessings with those less fortunate so

obviously belongs on any such listing that no reasonable individual would argue the point.

It is better to give than receive, for the joy and peace that a selfless giver enjoys are certainly among the most satisfying of all mortal emotions. Sacrifice of this nature builds character; not one of the figures

of past or present who really deserves to be called great was selfish. It has been wisely said that "a man's

religion is not his private property—unless he shares it, he hasn't any."

Need, want, poverty, and hunger have been with us a long time, and, despite the rapid technical strides our civilization is making, it doesn't appear as if we are going to free ourselves of them within the foreseeable future. As long as these evils do exist, we must combat them. We know that they will vanish

with the dawning of the millennial reign, but until that time we must do our part. And our duties in this

respect have been carefully defined for us by the prophets.

The gospel has always made provision for aiding the poor. This was true in the days of Moses

(Deuteronomy 15:5-11), David (Psalm 41:1-2), and King Benjamin (Book of Mormon, Mosiah 4:1626).

Christ's teachings on the subject are legion—particularly beautiful is the narrative we find in Matthew

25:3146.

How can we fulfil this commandment today? In many ways. One of the most important is through

the payment of fast offerings.

The Lord has commanded that we, as members of his Church, refrain from eating and drinking once a month and give the money we save thereby to the bishop. Surely, when likened to the sacrifices of our

forefathers, this is not very difficult. There are many reasons for keeping this commandment. Certainly

one of the most important is that it enables us to demonstrate our love for our fellow men.

"Every living soul among the Latterday Saints that fasts two meals once a month will be benefited spiritually and be built up in the faith of the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ—benefited spiritually in a wonderful way—and sufficient means will be in the hands of the bishops to take care of all the poor."(Heber

J. Grant, June 1932.)

Ward Teachers Should "Personalize"Approach

In any field of endeavor, a certain flexibility is an asset. Often it is more than an asset.

What can happen to a military organization that overlooks this principle was demonstrated early in World War II when the German Panzer Corps rolled through France's outmoded Maginot Line. Actors and actresses who lack flexibility tend to get "typed,"and their careers

almost invariably take a turn for the worse at this point. Many a baseball player is in the lower minor

354 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA leagues today because he couldn't learn to hit a curve or go to his right to field a ground ball. Businessmen often lose thousands of dollars because they overlook this factor in their contract negotiations.

Flexibility is also important in ward teaching. We are dealing with people, not stereotyped machines.

No two of them are the same. This being true, we should vary our approach with the family concerned.

Missionaries have long been aware of the advantages of the "personalized"approach. Ward teaching

lessons are designed so that they can be adjusted, as can missionary teaching, to different people. The

teacher should put his own personality into the lesson; while giving it, he should keep in mind the background, special interests, and needs of those whom he is teaching. The ward teacher who conscientiously

prepares his lesson, carefully observes the families he teaches, and prays for guidance, will be able to do

this.

In ward teaching we deal with all types of people: old and young, highly educated and comparatively

uneducated, extroverts and introverts, active and inactive. The wise teacher will adjust his approach accordingly.

Ward Teaching Supplement From its inception, the Church has recognized the need for and value of wholesome, wellplanned recreation. Certainly we who enjoy modern life, with its supersonic tempo and sundry complexities, need

this outlet as much as did our ancestors who lived in a more relaxed era.

Wisdom dictates, however, that caution he applied. Not even the most enthusiastic advocates of recreational activity would dispute this.'This caution should be applied both to the amount and type of recreation we enjoy.

The proverb wisely states that all work and no play make Jack a dull boy; it might add that all play

and no work make him a mighty useless one. There are two extremes here, and it would be difficult to say

which would be the most damaging—too much recreation or too little. The modern trend seems to be

toward the former.

Of great importance, in this day of increasing leisure, is the type of recreation we choose to participate in. Leisure, if properly utilized, can be enriching and constructive; misused, it can be a curse. Not all types

of leisure activity have the same value; some are excellent, some good. Certain forms are obviously illegal,

immoral, or valueless—these should be avoided. Others, in themselves perhaps harmless, carry the stigma of

bad environment or society and should also be rejected.

There is a great tendency today to overdo one type of recreation—watching of movies, TV, and spectator sports. In this respect, our generation is probably the most passive in the history of the world.

Playing basketball for those able to play is incomparably more beneficial than watching someone else play;

learning to sing has more value than listening to others sing. There is much more to life, even to the recreational side of it, than merely being entertained. These passive forms of recreation tend to make us spectators

in life itself and rob us, if overdone, of the special joys that come from creating, participating, doing. We

should seek balance in recreation and get the benefits of various types.

If we feel the need to rest and relax we should consider ultimate benefits—physical, mental, and moral

—to ourselves and our fellow beings.

nmsiam: ":'.':'. "..v...-...,:::::

Three Teachers

Make Enviable Record

Three young teachers of the Rockland Ward,

American Falls (Idaho) Stake, have each recently earned their fourth consecutive Individual Aaronic Perry Steidlcy Michael May Merrill Permann

Priesthood Award with 100 percent attendance at all required meetings.

They are Perry Steidley, son of Mr. and Mrs. John Steidley; Michael May, son of Mr. and Mrs. Richard

May; and Merrill Permann, son of Mr. and Mrs. Howard Permann.

All are currently active in quorum work, and all hold or have held positions of responsibility in other

Church organizations as well.

MAY 1959 355 by Shirley Sealy

Larrie Lyn Adams opened her bedroom door, sank "Oh Mom, Mom...,"sobbed Larrie. "I'll never

on the bed and burst into tears. Julia Adams, her have any dates, never."

mother, heard the sobs from the sewing machine, "Dates? Larrie, aren't you a little young to worry

where she was finishing a dress for her Mia Maid about dates? After all, at fourteen...."

daughter, who was now in tears. She put the dress "Mom, you, too? How can you say that? I just

down and went into Larrie's room. have to have a date for some things, or... or...

"Darling, what is it? Larrie, what could have well I'm just not anything! But I knew what you'd

happened?"say: 'At your age dates just aren't important.'That's

356 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA what you always say. But they are important, Mom, it's anyone else's fault. You must first look for the

really. I can't help it if the boys are so ignorant. I reasons in yourself."

can't help it if they won't ask me."She broke into "What do you mean, Mom? What's the matter

sobs again and buried her head in the pillows on her with me? You should hear all the kids talk; they

bed. say the boys are just dumb, they're scared to ask a

Julia Adams sat quietly thinking, while she tried, girl anything."

in vain, to comfort her fourteenyear-old daughter. "It's true the boys are a little bashful at your age,

She could see that this was very important to Larrie. but they certainly aren't dumb, and they'll respond

She was startled to realize how grown up Larrie if treated properly."Julia smiled as she pulled her

suddenly looked and yet so very childish. When the teenage daughter off the bed and stood her in front

sobs quieted, she began talking. Her tone was full of of the fulllength mirror.

sympathy and understanding, yet she was trying to "Take a good look at yourself and see what you sound realistic. have to offer. You have good features. You've been

"Larrie, I'm sorry I said that. I didn't mean it the very blessed. The color of your hair is nice; it

way you thought I did. Of course dating is important looks very natural, too; but it could look cleaner.

at your age, at least the preparation for it. I thought Hair is so nice when it's freshly shampooed. Your

there was plenty of time, but I was wrong! There clothes fit you nicely, and the dress you have on is a

isn't any time to spare."As Larrie turned her face good color for you. It could be fresher. See these

to her mother to see whether she could possibly have little wrinkles at the shoulder? You hung it on a

been hearing right, her mother wiped the tears from hanger sloppily last night."Julia noticed the frown

her face and continued. on her daughter's face. "Larrie, this is all part of

"Yes, Larrie, dating is the most important thing in dating. You'll have to be careful when boys start

your life right now and will be for the next ten years coming around. You may open the door someday

or until you're married. And your marriage depends to the one you want most to see, and you'll be a mess.

on dating, too. The kind of life you have forever You have to get in the habit of looking your best in

depends on right now."Larrie was sitting up now sports clothes, old clothes, or best clothes. Look the

listening to every word. very best you can with whatever you have, and

"All right, dear, if you're interested, we'll start don't be dowdy because of a lack of work or energy preparation for your first date right now."on your part. Use every opportunity that comes

"Really, Mom?"And skeptically she asked, "You're your way to learn to do things properly. You must

not kidding?"be natural though. If you look madeup or artificial

"Of course not, but there is a great deal to be done, in any way, you'll attract the wrong kind of boy and lots you have to learn. First, I'm concerned friends. The wrong kind of boy friends will make

about what you said about the boys. You said they you more miserable than no boy friends at all.

were ignorant because they wouldn't ask you for a "Next you have to say to yourself: 'Am I interestdate. It might be just the other way around. Larrie, ing and fun to be around?'If you're not either of

if you're not as popular as you'd like to be; don't say these, then you have to learn how to use your perMAY 1959 357

sonality—how to be interested in others. Then you're and keep things done up. Her husband seemed to be

interesting to them! These sound like silly stuffy cross whenever he was home because the whole place

rules, but they are true. The truth is always the was confusion. Jane cried often and wondered what

simplest way once you understand it. You must be she had ever done to deserve this. She had always

pretty on the inside, for when you attract the right tried to be good and was still very patient and sweet kind of boys (the ones you like will be intelligent) most of the time, but even her temper was getting you must have enough knowledge to converse with frayed at the edges these days. She thought she had

them. If you can't find enough things of interest just been unlucky.

to both of you, they will soon tire of you. When "Now I'll tell you about Jeanette, who came from a

it comes to dating, Larrie, you have to be a 'doer,'home much the same as Jane's. Her mother was

not a 'dreamer.'I think I can best show you what I busy with younger children; Jeanette, too, felt a bit

mean by telling you the story of two girls. Jane, lonely and neglected. She dreamed, just as Jane

who dreamed of tomorrow and patiently waited for did, of a tomorrow with lots of boy friends and her dreams to come true, and Jeanette, who dreamed filmy dresses and dances and... but she didn't just

and made her own dreams come true. dream. She decided that somehow she would have

"When Jane was about your age, she was an unto do things for herself. Her mother needed help,

happy child. She was the oldest in a family of so it gave Jeanette the chance to learn to cook. She

eight. She felt her mother didn't have time for her. found cooking very interesting, and her little sisters

She was lonely and part of the time felt unwanted. She and brothers were so thrilled when she made gingerwas sweet and patient and to cover the hurt in her bread cookies. She enjoyed doing things for the

heart she dreamed of tomorrow when she would have children. There would never be enough money, she

lots of boy friends and pretty dresses and would knew, to buy the pretty dresses she wanted to wear, go to parties. Then, she thought, people would love so she started learning to sew. Her mother bought

her and she would be happy. She was content with her some material for a cotton dress, and the woman

her dreams. She could wait! When tomorrow came next door helped her cut it out. It wasn't very well

and she was sixteen, there were no boy friends and done, but each time she made something for herself no party dresses. There were still eight children in or for her little sisters, or their dolls, she did it better

the family, and things were even harder to manage. than the one before.

She had a good family, and she loved them dearly, "Jeanette had a desire to play the piano, and she but her own life seemed empty. She dreamed on, knew it would be too expensive for her to take lesof another tomorrow when her prince charming sons. Through the block was a woman who taught

would find her. She would fall in love, and then piano. She needed a baby tender while she gave

she'd be happy. Again she was content to look lessons. Jeanette went to see her and offered to tend

ahead and wait. Time went on, and soon she did her children and receive piano lessons in return.

meet the man she had waited for all her life. They The woman agreed. Jeanette arranged with the

fell in love, and after a while were married. For a bishop of her ward for a time she could practise on

short time Jane felt that at last her dreams had come the piano in the chapel. Soon her father, realizing

true, and the longawaited happiness had arrived. her talent and ambition, managed to buy her a second-

"Soon her dream world started to look cloudy. The hand piano. She studied good books, read and

white cottage was no longer white, but dirty. The memorized verses of poetry, tried out for school and

children that came needed clothes and attention. Church plays and activities. She did whatever anyone

She hadn't learned to sew. Organization of her own asked of her and found she could learn and enjoy

life had been shabby, and now she had to organize almost any kind of work.

for a whole family. Her work was never done. How "When Jeanette reached the age for dating, even

she wished she had time to learn to cook and fix hair before she had time to (Continued on page 386)

LILACS

by Catherine E. Berry

The lilacs lift their clusters to the light

Of sundrenched days in May, the moon at night,

Absorbing all the glow—and in return

They fling their fragrance from a living urn

That holds their beauty here for man and bird,

A waving sea of purple blooms, springstirred.

358 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The strange truth about.

TULIPS

by Evelyn Witter

The flower that heralds the coming of spring in over a hundred million gardens all over the world, the tulip, is stranger than any fairytale flower has ever been.

Among the strange truths about tulips are their undetermined origin, their name the result of a mistake-the cause of one of the greatest financial manias in historysaving a people from starvation, the subject of some of the biggest mistakes in literature, a dominant part of a true American folk art, important enough to grace the finest art galleriesbeloved in the music world and on bestseller lists of records and sheet music—they have become among the first to be

affected by the dawning of the atomic era, they have brought new terminology into the English language, they practically control the economics of one country, and the tulip is a goodwill link between the nations of the whole world.

To get back to the origin of the tulip, experts can't agree. Did it really originate in Jerusalem as

has been suggested by some theologians who try to prove that these are the lilies of the field that Solomon in all his glory was not arrayed like; or, is the true

story of origin the one about the Turkish caravan merchant, who, seeing them for the first time in

Persia, transplanted the bulbs in Constantinople; or,

had a wild tulip, native of Turkey, already been cultivated when the ambassador of Ferdinand I to

Suleiman the Magnificent in 1554, saw them in a market place in Turkey and sent them back to Vienna?

As controversial as the actual origin of the flower itself may be, experts agree that the tulip got its name because of a mistake. It seems the accepted

name for this bloom in Turkey was lale. But when

Busheque, the aforementioned ambassador, asked the

Turkish seller of blooms to tell his story about this unusual one the like of which he had never seen, the Turk waxed eloquent. He described its beauty

as resembling an upside down turban (tulband).

MAY 1959 Busheque, who had only a limited knowledge of the potentialities of the tulip bulb as a vegetable, and a language, thought he called the flower tidband, and Frankfurt apothecary who preserved some in sugar from that mistake in interpreting came the name pronounced them far superior to orchid bulbs. Faint

tulip. praise, perhaps, to those of us who are unfamiliar with

For some time after the tulip's introduction into the latter delicacy, but the strange truth is that in

Europe a real mania for tulips developed. In Eng1944 and 1945, during the German occupation of

land, in Germany, in France people went wild for Holland, the Dutch were obliged to eat tulip bulbs to tulips. But the wildest of manias broke loose in save themselves from starvation!

Holland where it was called, appropriately enough, Tulips have had their glory in literature, but some

Tulipomania. Bulbs were stolen; fantastic prices famous writers really blundered when it came to

were paid for unusual varieties, bulbs speculators tulips. Dumas wrote the famous novel The Black

never saw were purchased while they were still in Tulip which makes interesting reading, but no jet the ground, and huge fortunes were made and lost black tulip has ever been grown, and tulip growers in a single day. insist can never be grown.

The subject of price is interesting. The highest Humbert Wolfe pulled a boner when he wrote of

price ever paid for a single tulip, "Viceroy,"was one the tulip:

of the strangest prices ever recorded in the history of flowers. The price was: "2 loads of wheat, 4 loads "Clean as a lady,

of rye, 4 fat oxen, 8 fat pigs, 12 fat sheep, 2 hogsheads Cool as glass of wine, 4 barrels of beer, 2 barrels of butter, 1000 Fresh without fragrance pounds of cheese, a bed, a suit of clothes, and a silver The tulip was."

beaker."Another bulb, "Semper Augustus,"was sold for This was a noble tribute. However, it's not true.

5000 florins, along with a pair of carriages thrown There are at least six different varieties that are into the deal. fragrant (DeWet, Prince of Austria, Prosperpine,

These two transactions took place about 1635, and Thomas Moore, Yellow Prince, and Goldfinch).

beautiful tulips have since become common. So it is In America, the tulip became an intrinsic part of

natural to assume that such outlandish prices belong a folk art that became one of America's most exuberto the crazy, mixedup past. But... a bulb named ant and distinctive art forms... Pennsylvania Dutch.

"Holland's Glory"sold in 1944 for $1,000.00! A numThis unique kind of art was unconcerned with the

ber of extremely rare and expensive varieties are on niceties of technique as we know it, and depended the market today. These bulbs, when obtainable, on talent more than academic training.

cost from $100.00 to $500.00 each. Just as the language of the Pennsylvania Germans

As for the names of the many varieties of tulips... was a dialect interspersed with English words, so

the names of many may seem strange because they was this art an offspring of a European tradition.

were named by the hybridizers who of course had From 1683 to the time of the Revolution, German personal reasons for their choices. For example: each immigrants (from the Palatinate region of Germany,

hybridizer tried to select a name that would make that flower popular in the country to which it was exported. In England, the Mrs. R. R. Whithouse

tulip was named after a former head of the English TO THE GREAT ARTISAN

Horticultural Society. The Disraeli and Princess

Elizabeth were two other popular varieties. by Eleanor W. Schow

Some growers have gone all out to give bulbs exotic names that they hoped would match the beauty of Earth presents her gifts proudly to God's sight:

the blossoms that would be produced. Here are a Tiny tendrilarms reaching toward the light,

few of these: Beauty's Reward, Lover's Dream, Miniature suns make the landscape bright.

Lightning Flash, Pink of Dawn, Fresh Breeze, Heart

Reviver, Ruby of Paradise, Ace of Spades, Purple Paintbrush coralred, pansies in the glade,

Prince, Firebird, etc. Fields of golden rain, violets in the shade,

Some growers who imported bulbs to the United Wonders God designed face him unafraid.

States chose the names of public figures like: Mrs.

Potter Palmer, President Hoover, and Eisenhower. Zephyrs of the dawn wake the rose and flee;

Despite the fancy names the tulip was once thought Colors on the hills riot aimlessly;

of as a possible food. The Germans investigated the Yet their Maker views one vast harmony.

360 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the lower Rhine, AlsaceLorraine, Switzerland, Tulips have already entered into the atomic era.

Silesia, Saxony, and Moravia) settled land in the News was received from Holland about ten years ago eastern and southern counties of Pennsylvania. Leaving that a giant tulip five inches in height and four inches

villages in which the native crafts were flourishing, wide, with a stem no thicker than a man's finger was they transplanted this European peasant style of art a sensation of Lease, center of the Netherlands bulb to a new land where it remained undisturbed for a growing industry.

century and a half. This new tulip was the offspring of bulbs that were

The tulip was the most frequently used motif. The bombarded with X-rays or with neutrons by Dr.

simple outline of the flower made it suitable for William E. de Mol, director of the Laboratory for

untrained as well as trained hands to execute. The Ornamental Plant Research in Amsterdam. The

colorful patterns of the art were taught in the home, Utopia, was the one chosen to get the bombardment from generation to generation. And because these of neutrons.

peoples were in an isolated region no outside influTulip growers are particularly interested in the fact ence came in to change their way of living or their that since the bombardment, new variations still apart. Besides, authorities believe that the tulip was pear, proof of the powerful effect of irradiation on

so favored by the Pennsylvania Dutch because they tulip bulbs.

associated it with religion... the presence of three Flower bulbs today rank as Holland's second most

flowers symbolized the Trinity. important agricultural export, coming after the famous

The tulip was not confined to the home craftsman. Dutch hams. Up to three billion bulbs are turned

Tulips were zealously used as a design for pottery, out each year by an industry which has virtually carpentry, masonry, building, glassmaking, blackno competition anywhere.

smithing, and copper and brass works. Reasons for Holland's unchallenged preeminence

As progress in transportation came and the Pennin bulb growing are her three centuries of fatherto- sylvania Dutch lost their isolation, new products came son experience and skill; a wellsupported research

into their districts. Homemade articles were replaced, program; and an unparalled natural combination of

and many old pieces of decorated receptacles and soil and climate conducive to flower bulb cultivation.

furniture were thrown away or stored away. The Today Holland's bulb exports to the United States

appearance of a simple tulip on a tin cup now throws are on the increase, a trend looked upon with favor by an antique lover into ecstacies, for genuine Pennsyl- a government anxious to build up dollar credits.

vania Dutch art is highly prized. In 1954 about 420 million Holland bulbs were sent

Going from art to music.... Many music dealers to the US, earning about $10,000,000 for the Nethersay the tulip songs persist in being among the best lands. This was good business for the US gardening

sellers year after year. In current catalogues, everyindustry as well, since these bulbs represented about

where there are such tulip hits as "Tulip Serenade,"$25,000,000 at the retail level in America. The Dutch

"Tulips and Heather,""Tulips in the Springtime,"regard the millions of new home owners in America "TipToe through the Tulips"... even a tulip square as potential additions to the gardening public who

dance is selling well, "Tulip Square."will eventually double and triple the sale of Holland bulbs here. Behind their belief that American

flower bulb sales are still in their infancy is the fact that England, smaller in size and with one third the

HOW GOOD THE EARTH population of the US, buys many times more bulbs, and other countries are also way ahead of the US on by Pansye H. Powell a bulbper-capita basis.

To those who love the earth she is a friend Holland produces flower bulbs for the world's

Who gives away rich summer at its height; gardens in an area not bigger than fifty miles long

Who mixes her palette's brightest hues to blend and four miles wide. Most of the bulb fields are

The autumn scenes in which their hearts delight. concentrated along the North Sea coast between

Even her wintry fingers do not harm Haarlem and Leyden, in a span of about eighteen Him who will meet their touch with honor due;

For chilly landscapes have a special charm miles. Unfortunately nobody has yet figured out a

And changing winds make snowdrifts ever new. machine to do the necessary work in the bulb fields,

Each year all of her promises repeat: so it is still largely a hand operation. It is a remarkFor, though the frozen ground.seem dead and cold, able fact that the tremendous Dutch crop is turned

Perennially fresh blossomings will greet out by 8,000 growers with a total labor force of

Men's hungry eyes, as leaf and bud unfold.

How good the earth! How marvelously blest some twentyfive thousand persons.

Mortals who share the bounty of her breast! The bulbs are planted in the fall in long, carefully

MAY 1959 361 prepared beds, each containing a Bulbs are taken from the fields in set aside in Holland for this activity.

number of short rows. The beds June or July. They have to be dried The Dutch point with pride to

are separated by narrow paths, used carefully and then packed in ventitheir extensive research and laborain the spring for daily inspection. lated bags. All of this has to be tory program designed to keep their

The same type of soil occurs to a done rapidly in order to satisfy bulb crops free of insect pests and depth of hundreds of feet, and no world markets in time for planting plant diseases. An unheralded but

sign of a rock ever appears anybefore frost hardens the ground. vitally important factor in Netherwhere. The canals along the fields Bulb flowers are in a special class landsAmerican trade is the agreeprovide a constant source of irrigain the gardening world because of ment under which US Department

tion as well as an efficient means of the fact that bulbs are planted in of Agriculture inspectors spend sevtransportation through the bulb the fall, allowed to remain almost eral months in Holland each vear fields. neglected by man throughout the inspecting the bulb crop in advance

When the bulbs come to flower winter while nature does its work, of its shipment to this country. This

in the spring, a special day is set and then blooms in the spring. is done at Dutch expense. It has

aside, usually the second Sunday in Basically a bulb is really a bud paid off for both countries in terms

April, as "Tulip Sunday."Thousands wrapped in fleshy layers which store of a bulb crop free from disease and

of visitors, mostly on bicycles, show up the plant's energy and finally a saving of precious time after the up to view the miles of blooms smilgive rise to the leaves. After the bulbs have been landed in this couning in the bright sunshine. bulb has flowered, all the parts for try.

Not long afterward the blossoms the following season's plant form Americans, as well as peoples are ruthlessly cut off, and the flowers anew within the bulb. everywhere, recognize that tulips

are used on parade floats, in mosaics, Bulb specialists have created sevmake their homes more beautiful.

and as souvenir garlands for visitors. eral thousand varieties of tulips. It The everincreasing popularity of

This leaves all the strength of the takes seven years of cross breeding the tulip will no doubt keep adding plants to go into the bulbs at the to produce one good new salable more and more strange truths to its time they mature. variety of tulip. Special beds are already fantastic, fairytale history.

The Greatest Gift It is difficult to appraise the farwood clock adorned with two ebony reaching effects and great spiritual elephants, a piece of stinkwood fur- (Continued) dent Fisher, we have blessings derived through having an niture, a springbok skin, and numerthe choice between seeing a gold apostle of the Lord in our midst. ous other South African curios were

or finishingmine our meeting with Only the future can give us fully very graciously received and brought ofthe missionaries the Johannesburg area.""Can the missionaries such an appraisal, but every day forth an expression from Elder Lee,

be at the chapel at 7:30 a.m. if we we see evidence of the good acthat will be remembered for many

call another meeting?"I replied, complished. years to come: "Thank you for your

"Yes, Elder Lee, they will be. Evidence of the high regard in gifts, but the greatest gift you could

there if you say so."And thus it which Elder and Sister Lee are held possibly give us would be to live

that every missionarywas had the was made manifest in the presentatheparegospelyourselvesof Jesusto Christ,meet theand greatpreopportunity of speaking personally with this great man of faith. tion by each of the branches of some day of judgment. If,"said Elder

The missionaries will never forget very appropriate gifts. Lee, "we do not meet again in this

his fine example of "duty before These gifts, which included a life, may we all be so blessed to pleasure."beautiful leopard skin, a lovely stinkmeet in the kingdom beyond."

Materialists should face the facts of life

by William H. Henderson

For years materialists have scramcooled to what has been described where it exists, but its amazing drivbled on the band wagon—life on as a hot chemical soup, with triling force that impels it to develop

this planet began spontaneously lions and trillions of droplets. Some and expand in progressive improvefrom material, inorganic matter. of these droplets formed into organic ment, flaunting the environment in

Early theories taught that life's bechemical combinations where life which materialists say it began. On

ginning was a unique, fortuitous accould reside. this aspect of life again we find

cident; more recently, that suitable But what then? The assumption materialists on the band wagon—

physical conditions inevitably result appears to be: This is how organic this time by a failure to theorize.

in the development of life. Boiled material began; this explains all. Not a word is proffered explaining

down, the speculations are that But not so! The real stuff of life the real wonder of life, 'its miracfrom centuries ago, this planet is not just the chemical compound ulous ability to recreate, strengthen,

362 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA You're welcome to Postum's good wholegrain flavor

When you're looking for a hearty, healthful drink... try

Postum. Postum is made from wholegrain cereals, slowroasted to bring out a rich, satisfying flavor.

Postum is 100% coffeefree... contains no caffein or

other artificial stimulants. And don't forget, Postum tastes

so good... and it's so good for you!

100% caffeinfree Another fine product from General Foods

MAY 1959 363 and advance forward and upward. driving force, because it is not dence of something else gleaming

Why this reluctance of the mateidentifiable as a chemical comin the background. Purposefulness!

rialists? This shining facet of life pound. Life's force once loosened, The tides of life have swept on to

is as susceptible to a scientific apmarches upward, independent of such miracles as awareness of life proach as any other phenomena. environmental changes. While time and of humanity, the exquisite caSurely it is worthy of one. stood still, relatively speaking, and pacity to sense grave and beautiful

Materialists should put aside their the physical characteristics of our things, and love of fellow creatures.

timidity and face the facts of life. planet, remained the same, this Materialists should not be embarLet them disclaim, if they must, force fostered new and complex patrassed because people who are unthat the phenomenon of life is a terns of living creatures which trained in science, have labeled this

special endowment of a higher stormed the frontiers of environforce of life a soul, and find compower. But let them not pass by ment and spread across the planet. fort in believing that a soul points

the scientific significance of life's Materialists should face the evito a God.

Temple Work fingertips, none of us need fail in culties could again meet in a cottage our work. work night and obtain further guid-

( Continued ) own personal record Genealogical research is a techniance and suggestions.

sheet, containing the most important cal work, requiring skill and direcDuring the coming year each church dates of his life, and his life tion. Ward and stake genealogical quorum member could be given a

happenings and faithpromoting excommittees in every stake, and simispecific record assignment to comperiences. These can be of great lar groups in.missions, are available plete. Quorum officers should check

worth to the posterity of the comto help the Saints everywhere. Ask on the progress being made by each

piler, inspiring to faithfulness in their for their aid, assume your responsimember on these assignments at duties. Members should be enbility, save your dead, and the Lord regular intervals, as once each

couraged also to compile character will bless you. month.

sketches and even more lengthy Priesthood quorums should wiseIn order to do this accurately the biographies of their progenitors, ly cooperate with stake and ward form provided by the Genealogical both for the males and the females. genealogical committees, already set Society should be used. This proMany historical treasures will in this up to give guidance in these activivides for the name of each member

way be preserved, and these reties. Either the chairman or one of the quorum, and a record of the

corded experiences of ancestors, will of the assistants of the ward comparticular assignments he has cominspire the children and children's mittee is a member of each of the pleted, and on the right, the numchildren to strive to emulate the three Melchizedek Priesthood quober of hours he has spent each good deeds of their forefathers. rums. As such he can make appromonth in record keeping and

of research. the quomembers New in priate the announcements quorum introInterest these aroused by assignthe should with begin rum infully the keep and members activities the will motivateductory first for follow the and ment month as to the help can which formed be of to the do quorumsmembers in the monthly on recommended of the given them ward by members in great the research wealthpersonal order. genealogical committee. inof the records GeneChurch albearers Priesthood have who

alogical Library. They may also Research guides appointed by the ready completed and reported some

correspond with relatives living at ward genealogical committee may of these assignments may devote a distance or with record reposimeet with several quorum memtheir efforts to the remaining ones, tories, to obtain genealogical inforbers with similar research problems and especially the research activimation. Those unable to do personal in a cottage work night and instruct ties provided for the twelfth month.

research may contribute funds to several families at once. RepresentBy means such as these each holder

their family organization to aid in ing each family should be the husof the Melchizedek Priesthood may the family research. band, wife, and the older children, intelligently and effectively fulfil

It is easier to do research today so that the resulting record keeping his responsibility to himself, his a family can be and research made it past. thethan has ever been in family, his kindred dead. and Temall project can join with in which to people are available recordsMore ple service genealogical research and

now than previously; more persons eagerness. are primarily priesthood work.

in the world are doing more research Following these preliminary trainIn their latest Christmas greetings than ever before. More books are ing periods, visits to the Genealogthe First Presidency uttered these

being published, more vital records ical Library may be organized in significant words: "The work in the

are being microfilmed and made connection with the ward genetemples continues to advance. If all

available to the public for use in alogical committee, which will prothose who have been the beneficiresearch. vide a supervisor to direct the aries of this generous, Christlike

There is really no reason why initial research efforts of each three service performed for our kindred every Church member should not or four individuals. After several dead could arise to express their

engage in the work. Each member such visits the priesthood members gratitude, there would be a chorus

has a family, each has ancestors, will be in a better position to visit of thanksgiving by a vast multitude each has a responsibility to do this the librarv on their own, and utilize which would swell the hearts of vital temple work for the dead. the many records on their lines. those performing the service with

Since so much is virtually at our Those confronted with similar diffiinfinite satisfaction and happiness."

364 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Peter Whitmer's Log House boards or shingles like other pioneer while they finished translating the homes of that time. golden records; here that Moroni

( Continued ) according to a jourWhen the Whitmers sold this returned the plates to the Prophet nal entry later in this article], but home and moved to Ohio, April 1, after his journey from Harmony;

the site on which it stood is well 1831, it was already growing old, here that Joseph Smith heard "the known and was pointed out to us. needing many repairs, possibly a voice of God in the chamber of

The old family well is still there and new roof and firmer chinking. Someold Father Whitmer"(D&C 128:21);

several logs, which once constituted time later when a prosperous buyer the place where a selected group a part of the building, lay along the secured the old home, say twenty, of men and women heard for the fence half decayed."thirty, or forty years, no one knows, first time the Book of Mormon

Log House Remains in Ruins. this occupant of the Peter Whitmer manuscript read, at the close of

Confirming Elder Andrew Jenson's log house erected for his family which three anxious men were testimony (above) that the old what was referred to as "the new promised by the voice of revelation

Whitmer home was gone in 1888, home"by the visiting elders of 1888. that they were to have the privilege

Elder Stevenson's microfilmed jourThe historian would naturally think of seeing, not only the golden recnal testifies: "The old well still that the family would occupy the ords, but other sacred things as

stands there, but only a little of the old home while erecting a better well.

P/2 story log house remains in ruins."place to live. Evidence points to From this house went Joseph and

To this a Deseret News report of his three companions to see the 1888 adds: "We examined the ground angel in the glory "of exceeding

closely, the past, thought of and IS SPRING brightness,"things, and moreto gazeimportantupon fivethansacredall that I KNOW IT present, the wishedspoke of certain things might happen in the by Christie Lund Coles else,light toabove"hearus,"fromthe outvoicethe ofbrightGod resolutions,future, prepared made plates declaring: have "These been in entries notethe necessary our

it I is spring know of the God. revealed The power by "necessary thesebooks."Then chatter of birds the By translation of have which you them historicentries"value of such were their nests; Building is correct, seen and you I command mail nexthurried westward by the the picturesque herds By to of see bear record you what now the discussed and readto be by

Saints in Zion. and hear."(D.H.C., Vol.'I, p. 55.)

sheep, slowmoving, Of it in this that the Also house was Evidence Record Foundaof No hill; distant the Upon their Witnesses""Three drew up Cellar.tion or

it is I spring know it; here signed testimony solemn and three brethren these Although shrill lark's the meadow By also (Sec. that great revelation the factual information seekingwere

given, duties the revealing was 20) not the home,about Whitmer rises as he Crv of that the priesthood; God's here that of three they intimate theone earth, the plowed newly From organized earth on this was kingdom of least the evidencediscovered clouds, bubblebath By the the Lord's administered Supper and let alone a foundation,a rock

rebirth. hope's And my first time, for the here and God oflarge masonry, walledin basement

half filled with accumulated debris. acknowledged his Church by pourMoreover it should be kept in ing out the Holy Ghost richly upon

mind that Father Whitmer journeyed the belief that the "new home"was its members; here that the Prophet

by team with his family and laidup built a number of years before the said: "... we dismissed with the

this "twentyfoot square log house"elders called it a "new home,"while pleasing knowledge that we were several years before the "Liberty contrasting it with the "old home."now individually members of, and

Jail"was built. And since he must It should be borne in mind that acknowledged of God, 'The Church

clear the ground and plant a crop, this farm was purchased by "eight of Jesus Christ,'organized in acor have his family go hungry, it different farmers"before it was secordance with the commandments seems hardly possible that he would cured on September 26, 1926, by the and revelations given by him to ourleave his family shelterless while he Church. Evidence also shows that selves in these last days, as well as

spent a week or two hauling rock the "new home"has undergone many according to the order of the Church and erecting a large basement or changes and additions since it was as recorded in the New Testament"even a rock foundation for his first first erected, maybe a hundred (ibid,, Vol. I, p. 79); here that the

log home. years ago, no one knows just when. members of this restored Church

Following the custom of the times, "We Thought of the Past."began to understand that they were

this pioneer family would have had While the three brethren walked not members of a Protestant church, much to do while "chinking"the over the ground where the Peter but of "the kingdom of God relarge cracks between the rough logs, Whitmer home had stood, they say stored."

plastering them on the inside with that they recounted the marvelous Standing there on that October mud and clay and on the outside events that had taken place thereday more than seventy years ago, with firmer material. This project some of the most remarkable in rewatching their shadows lengthen, it

of itself required no little time, for corded history. It was here that the is little wonder that the three breththe house was "a oneand-a-halfstory large Whitmer family, having several ren "thought of the past,"the "preslog structure,"having a room or two married men in the group, made their ent,"and the "future."

upstairs against the slanting roof, decision to befriend and protect Toward sundown Elder Stevenson which was likely covered with clapJoseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery writes these words that speak like a

MAY 1959 365 voice from the dust: "We ate apples dent Joseph F. Smith—a letter that at a Church conference: "The house

in the new home,"meaning the home is on file today in the historian's of Father Whitmer was... a lognow standing, but which has been library. It is needless to comment house.... In one small room of a

changed and enlarged several times that the leaders of the Church in loghouse, nearly all the Latterday since. While here Chester Reed, 1888, as well as the Church as a Saints (east of Ohio) were collected

"The occupant,"gave them apples whole, fully understood that the together."(Journal of Discourses,

to carry on their journey back to "old Peter Whitmer log home"had Vol. 7, p. 372. ) This house of logs

Waterloo. been gone for many years. Morewas in no way similar to the present

Early Visitors at the Whitmer over, they knew that a "new home"frame'building nor to the "new

Home. Beginning Sunday, April 11, where the three brethren "ate aphome"where the brethren ate apples

1830, Sacrament meetings were held ples"was then standing upon the after they visited the spot where in the Whitmer home and continued Whitmer farm. the old Whitmer home had stood.

until after Christmas of that year. Over a period of fifteen years The Whitmer Home Torn Down.

From this house the first elders were while the author was doing research Mrs. Sadie G. Pack, widow of the

sent to Kirtland and to the "borders work for a 600page volume of late Dr. Frederick J. Pack, gave the

of the Lamanites."To this home Church history, The Kingdom of author the following important item

came the Pratts, the Knights, Sidney God Restored, approved by the from her journal written on this date

Rigdon, and Edward Partridge from Church publications committee (pubgiven below while Elder James H.

Kirtland, Ohio—Sidney to be chosen lished 1955), and especially while Moyle was speaking: "E. David

as the Prophet's First Counselor in seeking authentic information for Mann and his wife (Susie G. Mann)

the First Presidency, and Edward the Church Historic Sites Committee, and I went to the 17th Ward Chapel

Partridge to become the first bishop Elder George Q. Morris, chairman, to hear Elder James H. Moyle, Deof the Church. Edward had come the author has found no authoritacember, 31, 1944. Brother Moyle

as an investigator, having refused tive evidence disagreeing with the interviewed David Whitmer in baptism until he could visit the published reports of Elder Andrew Richmond, Missouri, on June 28,

Prophet at the Whitmer home. He Jenson and his associates, statements 1885.... Elder Moyle said: 1 asked

was, however, converted and was emphasizing the fact that the "new him every question I could think baptized by the Prophet in the icy home"does not stand upon the site of.... Mr. Whitmer conversed with

waters of the Seneca River, Decemof the old one. me for two and one half hours...."

ber 11, 1830. Not a Lumber Frame Home. Then Elder Moyle said, and Mrs.

A Strange Scene at the Whitmer Sidney Rigdon, the Prophet's Pack is sure that the following was

Home. The investigators who scribe, who lived in the Whitmer a quote from David Whitmer: "The

dropped into the Whitmer home in home for six weeks, spoke in a genfirst Whitmer home in which the the winter of 1830 saw a strange eral conference of the Church after Church was organized was torn scene—one that amazed even the he was the Prophet's first counselor, down in 1873. (Mrs. Pack served on

believers who beheld "the avowed saying: "... I recollect in the year the general board of the Primary

aspirations of this young—seemingly 1830 I met the whole Church of for a number of years, and was then

uneducated—Church leader, laboring Christ in a little old loghouse about made first counselor in the presidevotedly to produce an incontrotwenty feet square, near Waterloo, dency of the Church Primary, being

vertible, fourvolume religious con- N.Y."(D.H.C., Vol. VI, p. 228.) set apart by President Heber J.

stitution to guide all converts who Elder Orson Pratt, who had also Grant, October 26, 1925.)

chose to follow him. His first stayed at this home in 1830, reported Seeking the Spot Where the

printed volume—the Book of MorChurch was Organized.

mon of two hundred and fifty In October 1955, Elder German thousand words—was lying on his E. Ellsworth, former president of

table; along with it were thirtysix PERMANENCE the Northern States Mission, told

written revelations for the Doctrine the author that in 1905 he and Elder and Covenants as well as the first by Marie Daerr George Albert Smith were appointed few chapters of what is now part by the Church to secure, if possible, of the Pearl of Great Price. In the Who said the bloom upon this tree the Joseph Smith, Sr., home near

Prophet's hands was a large King Is vanished, once the petals fall Palmyra, New York.

James Bible, from which he was Or that the bird no longer soars, Among other things he stated that studiously dictating numerous reviBecause I cannot hear its call? while he and George Albert Smith

sions and corrections to Sidney Rigand wife were at the Hill Cumorah, don, his scribe."( The Kingdom of Who thinks spring winds are lost, Elder Smith suggested that they

God Restored, Carter E. Grant, p. because drive to the Whitmer Farm about

128.) Their gentle kiss was all too brief—twentyfive miles southeastward and

Make Report to President WoodOr that the tender bud is gone, find and photograph the exact spot ruff. That blossomed into summer leaf? where the old Whitmer home had

Immediately upon returning from stood in order that the location their important mission, Elders No loveliness completely flies: would not be lost.

Stevenson, Black, and Jenson reNo outstretched hand, no friendly Signs his Written Statement. A

ported their findings to President word. few days later at the invitation of

Wilford Woodruff and other authoriHow firm the kindly touch remains! Eltler George Q. Morris, chairman

ties. A few days later they received How sweet the echoes that are of the Historic Sites Committee,

a complimentary letter from Presiheard! German E. Ellsworth came to the

366 THE IiMPROVEMENT ERA The Church Model of the Hammond Organ in oak, a splendid style for the contemporary church

better church music Why costs less over the years

In choosing a new organ for your What makes them both possible are Lasting durability in any climate. Neither

church, beauty of tone is, of course, of these exclusive Hammond advantages.. extreme heat nor cold, nor severe humidaffect the ity performance of your can importance. have youparamount And of tone. Remarkable versatility built It is precision Organ. Hammond the incomparable to hearbut Hammond of Thousands year. after to play year its tone time to a singleOrgan know tones can be easily

is magnificent. blended for the Total elimination of tuning expense.

But beautiful tone by itself is not magnificent rendHammond is the only organ that can enough. No church today can ignore ering of all types never go out of tune'.* For only the

the possible high cost of maintaining of church literaHammond Organ has "Permanent that tone. But with the Hammond Organ ture by means of Hammond's exclusive Pitch,"made possible by the unique

—and with it alone—you will have prac- "Harmonic Drawbars."Hammond method of tone generation.

tically maintenance cost, because no is best for model Which Hammond of tone type quality Cathedral in any at all! no tuning expense haveyou will any Find out your church? by mailing smallest can the enclosure. church Even

This combination of glorious music enjoy resonant tones with Hammond's or all of the coupons below. Address

and lower upkeep over the years are exclusive reverberation control and three Hammond Organ Company, 4220 W.

yours only with the Hammond Organ. channel amplification. Diversey Avenue, Chicago 39, Illinois.

*Except the Pedal Solo Unit Concert Model.

THE HAMMOND ORGAN Choice of over 43,000 institutions

To bring your church better music, mail these coupons..

is in: interested Our church

telling send booklet your me [J Please a film color |1 Viewing about the! ] Pleasedescribingsendthemevariouscompletemodelsliteratureof the raise for church can how our money Organ. Hammond

an organ. PI Hearing a free organ concert. Hammond Organ.

NameName NameChurch- ChurchChurch-

AddressAddress- AddressCity & ZoneCity & ZoneCity & ZoneState State State1959, HAMMOND ORGAN COMPANY IE 5

MAY 1959 367 ff is "in the bagThe proof

Wx>WgML

important... these Remember

fuel of grain, and timeModel 90 saves owner savings in harvesting only 1836.9 bonus bushels worth $73.80 extra were made acres. You can expect proporHere's real harvesting NEWS... saved 36.9 more bushels of regardlesstionate savingsof whetheron youryouracreagecrop

During the 1958 soybean harbeans from its 18 acres. (Pictured is beans, grain or seed.

vest, two combines, both late PTO above).

models of similar size, each har-... finished in 5 hours, 48 minutes

vesting two rows at a time—were—1 hour and 37 minutes sooner

checked for bushels combined, a full 20 percent less time.

time required and fuel used.... was powered by an AllisOne was a Model 90 AllCrop Chalmers D-14 Tractor which

Harvester; the other, a competiused 2 y2 less gallons of fuel than

tive make. Both were owned by the competing tractor.

experienced farmers. Working side Here is field proof... why Allisby side in the same field, each harChalmers is a great and trusted

vested a measured 18 acres, exname in harvesting! Rubber shellchanging lands halfway through ing surfaces, wideflow threshing

the test to equalize any difference capacity, clean air blast separain yield of soybeans. tion—all three—make the big difHere are the results: ference. Bag extra profits—see

The AllisChalmers Model 90.. your AllisChalmers dealer now.

ALLISCHALMERS, FARM EQUIPMENT DIVISION. MILWAUKEE 1, WISCONSIN

Ask your dealer about the AllisChalmers plan to AllisChalmersAll-Crop,trademark.is an

finance your time purchase of farm equipment.

to More Profit! Listen! Make the BIG MOVE

National Farm <M> and Home Hour—ALLISCHALMERSEvery Saturday—NBC

historian's library and made the folcertainly approved by Elder George lists the eight successive owners lowing statement, which was taken Albert Smith, who was noted for of the Whitmer farm after it had down by the author: his exactness regarding "historic been sold by the Whitmers.

"Leaving the Hill Cumorah in sites"—"German E. Ellsworth and On page 607 of the Autobiography

June 1905, Elder George Albert Mrs. George Albert Smith are standof Andrew Jenson, "Friday, March

Smith and wife and I journeyed ing upon the spot where stood the 21st, 1930,"is recorded Elder Jensouthward in our car to the old old home of Peter Whitmer, Fayson's declaration that he had just

Whitmer farm at Fayette, Seneca ette, Seneca County, N.Y., where met with the First Presidency and

county, New York, with the purpose the Church was organized, April 6, had explained to "Presidents Grant in mind of locating and photo1830."and Ivins and others at the office

graphing the exact spot where once "The Whitmer Home Not Standof the First Presidency in regard stood the old Peter Whitmer log ing. to the Whitmer home in Fayette....

home. Appearing in bold headlines in New York"that when he and two

"During our visit with the family the Church Section of the Deseret other elders "visited the place for in charge of the new home, they News, November 1, 1941, is the folthe first time in 1888 that the old never once referred to this lumber lowing statement which begins a Whitmer log house on the Whitmer frame house as the 'Whitmer home;'threecolumn historical account, farm in which the Church was ormoreover, when we asked them to showing that the present home ganized had been taken down many

show us the place where the old standing upon the Whitmer farm is years before 1888."

Peter Whitmer home had stood—for not the Whitmer home. Elders Andrew Jenson and B. H.

we all knew that the old home had "Truth told about House of WhitRoberts worked side by side for long since disappeared—the man in mer,"is another heading of this years at the Historian's Office, and

charge very kindly conducted us article written bv an "eyewitness,"whenever Elder Roberts ran a picabout a hundred yards or so to the Assistant Church Historian Andrew ture of the Whitmer Farm, it was large barn, and going around the Jenson, who declared: "Inasmuch labeled "The Whitmer Farm—site

south end, he took us about fifty feet as a number of students of Church of the Whitmer home where parts or so back of the barn into a grain History still cling to the idea that of the Book of Mormon were transfield, just coming into head. Stopping the house of Peter Whitmer, Sr., in lated, and where the Church was

us there, he exclaimed: 'You are now which the Church was organized organized."(Americana, Vol. 1, p.

standing upon the exact spot where April 6, 1830, is still standing, I sub804, 1909; Comp. Hist. Church, Vol.

the old Peter Whitmer home once mit the following": and he then I, opposite p. 196.) The present

stood, where it is claimed your repeats the account of his visit at home was not suggested as being

Church was organized. The old log the Whitmer farm in 1888. He also a Whitmer home.

house was torn down many years ago, but this is the exact spot where it stood.'"After discussing the important matter for some time with the caretaker and being convinced that we were really upon the site of the are very bad attitudes loadedold Whitmer home, Elder George K AS H They

Albert Smith suggested that his wife with "negatrons."

and I stand there while he took sev- (Continued) could not get the Here is a good place to start eral photographs. plates; they were afraid they would checking up on ourselves. How good

"I myself carried one of these perish in the wilderness; they is our attitude? How many "posipictures with me for years, explainthought their father was a dreamer. trons"do we have per molecule?

ing to my friends that it was a Laman and Lemuel lacked "posiand what can be done to increase picture of the place where the Peter trons."the number?

Whitmer log house stood. A copy A great sales organization recently

of the same picture is now preanalyzed one hundred failures. The 3. Skill

served in The Improvement Era. reasons for the failures were almost

(Vol. 12, p. 117.) exactly the same ones that had

"From the day that this picture caused Laman and Lemuel to fail Success always pays off on skill.

was taken in 1905 until the present 2500 years earlier. They are as The stenographer knows the keytime, there has been no doubt in follows board; that is knowledge. She wants

my mind about our being photo- 1. 37 percent failed because of to be a good stenographer; that is

graphed upon the sacred site of the discouragement. attitude. But real competence and

old Whitmer home where the 2. 37 percent because of lack of the amount of her salary is deterChurch of Jesus Christ was organindustry. mined by her abilitv to get the work

ized, April 6, 1830."3. 12 percent because they would done. Skill comes from practice,

Signed, German E. Ellsworth not follow instructions. drill, perseverance, and determina-

.Historian's Library, These failure specifications fit tion. One may read many books

October 27, 1955. Laman and Lemuel to a tee. Disabout navigation, but his real succouragement is an attitude; lack of cess will depend upon his skill in

Note: Under the Era picture apindustry is an attitude; failure to getting the ship into port. We like

peared these words—and they were follow instructions is an attitude. people who can do things. We want

MAY 1959 369 basketball players who make basyou read. Write your thoughts in pen and make a list of the other

kets, missionaries who make conthe margins of the book and then habits that you would like to build verts, and leaders who lead. That take action. into your life. Opposite each one

means skill. A worker may have 4. Planning habits. God is a put down your methods for getting

knowledge but no dexterity, wisdom planner. If we desire to be "as them firmly established and effecbut no competence; he owns a kit God is,"here is a good place to tively functioning all of the time.

of tools but doesn't know how to start. Planning is a very important We should remember that our

use them. Remember that the paypart of laying up treasures in greatest opportunity is to lay up for

off in the work of the Lord, as in heaven. ourselves treasures in heaven. The

any other work, is on skill. Then there are habits of selfim- K A S H formula is your way to

Make an appraisal of your leaderprovement and many other woneternal wealth. Make your own

ship skills and determine what can derful habits available to us for the subheadings as carefully as you like, be done to improve them. We can acquiring. Suppose you take your and then follow them to the limit.

talk about faith but can we get it into people? Can we get people

to be more active, more honest, and better followers of the Master? If

so, how? If not, why not?

4. Habits?>

It is said that the greatest power CiWhat will it do to the man?

in the world is the power of habit.

It is stronger than discipline or will Richard L. Evans

power. Habit is to success what

the rails are to the streamliner: as

the rails support and guide the Whenever policies or products or principles, or streamliner, so habit supports and actions or attitudes were under consideration, a guides our success. THE certain thoughtful observer often asked this chalit do suppose that we identify Now

or the WORDSPOKEN lenging,to the man?"this compelling1—not whatquestion:is politic"Whator popularwillhabits essential to great leadership

success. What are they? And how profitable only, not what is comfortable or convenient only, but

can we acquire them? what will it do to people? It is a question of first concern in all the

of life: relationships to impersonal and will it do "What habits. that personal 1. Study know We

1 It for is a question asked always to be and answered, the man?"great have reachedmany men

heights of accomplishment by setting there is no way to live understandingly, effectively, comfortably—

aside even fifteen minutes of every or safely—without giving due consideration to the importance of

day for welldirected, concentrated people: people with their problems, their rights, their hopes; their

study on some particular subject. health and happiness; their peace and progress here, and their

But mere study by itself is not continuance into eternity—all with their own choices to make,

enough—it is the study habit that is their own values to arrive at, their own conduct to be responsible

important. for, their own performance to face. We must live in compassion

2. Work habits. There is no exand consideration for others, always—for what we do to one another

cellence without labor. There are often lasts a lifetime, or longer than a mortal lifetime: offended

very few things that one can ever do feelings, hurts of the heart, cruelty or kindliness; good and bad

well, without having his muscles advice, good and bad example; the teaching we do, the principles

commit it to memory. You can liswe perpetuate, the products we promote; the true or false things

fill men's minds, the misleading of men by anyten to instructions on how to play with which we basketball from now till the cows misstatement—these all have pertinence to the health and happiitcome home, but if it isn't in your ness, to the peace and progress and possibilities of people. And

all is for are to that responsible consider a sobering thought we are not a basmuscle you memory it others. will actions effect influence of total the our and on "What player.ketball 1

is in to inherent question every the This commanddo man?"3. habits. Thinking and Laman

in in principle, in product, every every every policy—what thought of ment, wrong.Lemuel Some

it free to personally? people, which That makes do does and men all. scarcely at thinkus A. Thomas considerate, respectful; reverent compassionate and and happy,

is said, limit toEdison "There no justice, virtue dignity preserves character honor, that and and and will to a notwhich go avoid man in closer that understanding, integrity; brings and makes mankind ofthinking."our problems Most

all life of things in of everlasting the must, mindful more them don't think straight becausecome we safely soof decisions, concern. a cause Never major can any be

all. don't think ator Before we we lose sight individual, of primarily ciety, organization, the any any

can get someone else to think, we importance of people—of each individual person. The great planourselves must be thinkers. Many ning, the great purpose of the Creator pertains to the importance

1people have learned to think with of people. "What will it do to the man?"

in theirpens hands. Write your

then next 3 Oscar A. Kirkham.ideas down, go over them

week and see how much you can "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the improve them. Learn to think while Columbia Broadcasting System, March 1, 1959. Copyright 1959.

370 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA What it means to be a member of the Church.

by Annis Mather

For many weeks this past season, President Joseph this cry in the world today? But do we realize often,

Fielding Smith of the Council of the Twelve toured how much security we have? We know that God is

the two missions in Australia and the two missions our Eternal Father, that he loves us and wants us to in New Zealand, as well as visiting the Auckland love him and to rely on him. We know that God is

(New Zealand) Stake. love and that God is eternal; therefore love is eternal.

He and Sister Smith heard Annis Mather give this Isn't this security? I find security in the Church of

talk at the conference in Melbourne, Australia, in Jesus Christ because I know that it is the true Church

December. In sending a copy of her address, President which is built upon the everlasting gospel. How do

Smith wrote: I know that it is true? I could stay here all night

"She is fifteen years of age, a member of the Bentand tell you; however, I will spare you that, and just

leigh Branch, and the only member of her family in hold up the four standard works as proof that this the Church. I felt that this talk, which was presented Church is true. I find security because "... I am

in a masterful way, was worthy of a place in the Era. not ashamed of the gospel of Christ;"(Bomans 1:16)

In my opinion it is wonderful that a girl of such an for if I were, how weak and defenseless I would feel age... could accomplish such a thing, and it was with no hope as I have now, no understanding of the

without help from others. While her parents are not true meaning of life. What security would I have

members, they have not objected to their daughter for the future? None!

joining the Church and in taking an active part in By keeping the Word of Wisdom, we are securing it. They were present at the conference...."for ourselves a healthy body which will enable us

The Editors to have, as far as possible, a happy and contented life. "... men are that they might have joy."(2 Ne.

The greatest aim of mankind today is to find se- 2:25.) How can we be joyful if we are not healthy,

curity. if we have bodies that continually give us pain? Yet

What is security? if we look after our health and* keep our bodies clean,

Is it to be found in material things, such as a good we will find that, even though we may have had bad home, a loving family, and friends? Of course it is! illnesses, our bodies will not be so infirm or weak in

But surely it must mean more than just that to most our old age as they might have been, if we hadn't of us? Surely we want security not only in this life looked after them.

is onebut in the life to come. We want security for eternity. We find security in eternal marriage which

We want to fulfil the scripture which says: of the important principles of our Church. What

"Lay not up for yourselves treasures upon earth, security is there if we are only going to be married where moth and dust doth corrupt, and where thieves "until death do us part,"if we are only going to have break through and steal. our partners for this life alone; what about the next

"But lay up for yourselves treasures in heaven."world? Don't you think it's going to be hard for

(Matt 6:1920.) those who have, been married for time only to part?

How are we to find this security which means more Don't you think it's going to be hard for those chilthan just what this life offers us? Is it something dren who can't be sealed to their parents because

which can be bought at will? No, but it is something their parents are not married for time and all eternity?

which is available free to all men, if they earnestly It will be dreadful! However, we know that if we

seek it. are worthy, we will be able to be married for time

"...seek ye first the kingdom of God and his rightand all eternity. What a beautiful principle it is, to

eousness; and all these things shall be added unto be able to be sealed to our parents, as they can be

you,"(Ibid., 6:33.) What more can we want? In sealed to theirs. As far as I am concerned, I would

those few words God has promised us security in not prefer not to marry at all, if I couldn't get married only spiritual but temporal things as well. in the temple; without it we have no security. That

"I want to find security!"How often do we hear brings us to genealogy! What more security could

MAY 1959 371 we get, that genealogy gives us? If be progressing still farther there—My Brother s Keeper

we do our genealogy work, we are that we will be learning to live the literally joining up all our ancestors'gospel at its fullest—that we will ( Continued ) prevails.

families and ourselves into one big be learning to perfect ourselves. Brother Lindley, a member of the

family unit; for let us remember that How blessed we are to have all elders quorum, is a part of a very

exaltation is attained in continuing this security! And vet we ask for active group under the able leaderthe family unit into eternity. We more. What is worldly wealth anyship of Elder Gordon Hansen, and

find security in the fact that we will how? If we do seek the kingdom of his counselors Wesley R. Steerman

not be parted from our loved ones God, all else will be added to us. and Delmer Ouderkirk. Secretary

here on the earth, but that we will We mightn't be millionaires, but we for the quorum is Melvin Hodges.

continue to love and know them in we will find we have enough to keep Every man in the quorum belongs the life to come. us happv. Light and oeace and to a committee and has the opporWe have security in the fact that ioy and happiness and all temporal tunity to do one committee assisnwe know that the priesthood that benefits come from the observance ment each month. The belief that

we hold in this Church is the true of God's commandments; if we keep "a busy quorum is an active one"is

one, the same one that Christ conthe Word of Wisdom, pav our tithreflected in the record; there are

ferred on his Apostles, the same ing, keen the Sabbath day, honor eightv members in the quorum and which God conferred on Christ; we the priesthood, keen ourselves moralonly five are inactive. Seventyeight

know that Peter, James, and John ly, physically, and mentallv clean, percent of the quorum are full conferred it personallv on Joseph if we do all these things, then, we tithepayers.

Smith, who has passed it on down are going to be really happy spiritUnder the direction of the bishopto those who were worthy. Every ually as well as materially. ric and organization of the elders

person in this Church who has the Our testimony gives us security; presidency, with others assisting,

priesthood knows how it has come through it, we know that the gospel the Meridian second quorum of down to him; he knows that it is is true, that the Church is true, elders completed their assignment

not something which any person that we are in very truth God's chilof harvesting corn last fall on the has given him, but someone who has dren. Often we might suddenly belocal Church farm. In 1957, three

the authority to do so. It is through gin to wonder if we are wrong; this hundred tons were harvested and

this priesthood that we can have is the devil tempting and annoving the figure for 1958 shows a tremeneternal marriage. It is through this us. But in spite of this, something dous gain of 600 tons.

priesthood that we can perfect our deep down in us, that inner knowlQuorum members seem to take it home. The family unit cannot be edge which is the prompting of the all in their stride. The quorum

perfected either in time or in eterHoly Ghost, tells us that these things president says that all he has to nity without the priesthood; and it are true, which helps us to overcome do is get on the phone and ask the

is only in and through the home that our difficulties. As long as we have quorum to do a job and it is done.

we can attain the fulness of the blessour testimony, and we don't harm ings of the gospel in this or the life it by doing things which we know to come. The greatest peace, joy, are wrong, we will have security. I Fabulous History

and happiness that can be attained know that the gospel is true, and in this life or the next is through that it is the "power of salvation to (Continued) Ledge,"gleaming the perfection of the family unit. everyone that believeth"; I know brilliant red in the desert sun rays,

There is security in a perfect home. that the Church is the true Church, and the northern border is the

Our parents have helped us to gain that it is based on the everlasting mountainous reef through which security in the fact that they have gospel, and I will always have this Buckhorn Draw cuts a gorge 2,000 helped us to prepare ourselves to testimony. feet deep.

face life and its many problems and Between this massive reef and its jovs. For this I am truly thankthe Cedar Mountain, a gorgeous

ful. giant sprawling east and west about

in length, lies the rich We have security in the fact that MY NEIGHBOR twelve miles we know where we come from; that 12,000acre domain of Buckhorn

we lived in the preexistence, with by Julia Whittier Wolfe Flat. Through this lengthwise ran

God as our Heavenly Father; that the Spanish Trail; through it also

we progressed there as we are prothe original grade of the Denver & gressing here, and as we will My neighbor was my neighbor Rio Grande Western Railroad was progress in the life to come. We For just a little while. built in 1882, then abandoned in

know why we are here; that we are order to get this rail line faster to

being given the opportunity of tryWe shared the sunny mornings; the new sugar refineries and woolen

builting mills to to return our Father's presence being of the Church by smile for smile.

of Christ the We bartered before, Latterday Saints were but with Jesusas we difference that we will have glorified around Salt Lake City, Brigham bodies like him. We know where My neighbor was my neighbor City, Provo, and Lehi.we are going. We know that life From the west end of Buckhorn

does not just end here, and that Until the first year's end, Flat, a six mile road leads south once we have passed the grave, we And then forever after to the high rim of the San Rafael will not just sleep or have a meanRiver, overlooking one of the most ingless existence, but that we will My neighbor was my friend. spectacular sights in all of Utah.

372 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA That is the San Rafael River Canyon, a ten mile stretch of desert stream which reveals dozens of lofty tinted peaks and river cliffs in all directions.

A move is under way now to have this area designated a state park through the Utah State Parks and

Recreation Commission, to make at least this portion of the spectacular

San Rafael country available to the public through good roads and facilities. It adjoins the historic Spanish

Trail route which the freeway will use on its flying course through

Utah. That trail reached its northernmost point—another historic spot

—in crossing Huntington Creek five

miles east of Castle Dale on the Take Don Lyman's 2 to 1 Food Supplement road to Green River, which uses and look better, feel better, have more pep.

part of the old railroad grade.

From Huntington Creek, site of Young and old, all over the country are reporting that Don Lyman's 2 to 1 Minerals the old village of Wilsonville, first and Vitamins are helping them to that wonderful feeling of buoyancy.

white settlement in Castle Valley, There are few products on the market today that will stand comparison with Don the'route turns southwest to WasLyman's 2 to 1 Food Supplement. The quality, the balance of ingredients, the

atch Pass, the divide between natural and organic sources, the high potency and the low, low price are all outEmery and Salina. This divide was standing.

so easy and gradual that travelers did not know they had crossed a As you use 2 to 1 you will be taking an important step to help you build your mountain until they saw streams resistance, and lay the foundation for a good life through better nutrition. Everyone

running in opposite directions. can afford 2 to 1. This diet fortification is just a few cents a day. It may save you

Over this course, the new freewav money on your health expenditures. See the October or November issues of the

will pass through the very edge of "Era"or write us.

the fabulous Sinbad; within sight

of the spellbinding desert scenes of the larger San Rafael Swell;

along the course through Castle

Valley.

It was the route long sought fora transcontinental railroad by Colcon lose wei onel John C. Fremont who made his

fifth and last western expedition by a hazardous trip through this region in the winter of 185354. He

arrived in of town the Mormon on FebruaryParowan 8, 1854, where with SURE MEAL the Mormon pioneers took in his suffering men and restored them to Lose 3 to 6 lbs. in 9 successive SURE MEALS. Lose about 2 lbs.

health and wellbeing. a week until you have your weight at a satisfactory level.

Many of California's most noted Then use Sure Meal twice a day with one other regular meal.

pioneers reached the golden state Then use Sure Meal once a day to help you keep your body over this Spanish Trail through in good nutritional balance and control your caloric intake so you can hold your weight southern Utah. California's history right where you want it. See the November issue of the "Era"or write for a 20 meal

sparkles with the names of famous size with information.

frontiersmen whose footprints trace It'S DELICIOUS AND EASY TO USE!

back over this epic route, over the historic Green River, over historic DON LYMAN & ASSOCIATES

Wasatch Pass, where Spanish cara472 So. 10th East, Salt Lake City, Utah, EM 3-9674

vans had passed long before them. Please send or deliver without extra cost

Now after more than a century, DON LYMAN'S 2 TO 1 SURE MEAL the adventurous San Rafael will MINERALS & VITAMINS watch once more the march of 20 Meal Size $4.75

civilization. Through a great open Introductory Offer $2.39 40 Meal Size $9.00

freeway in a scenic desert land, the 2 Month's Supply $10.00 Defatted Chocolate a

glamorous, golden days of a dead 6 Month's Supply $25.00 Defatted Vanilla a

past will be revived. Name

Address

City and State MAY 1959 373 MIA General Board and Mrs. Newsome have three School and Primary. Her husband

Appointments daughters. is E. Veryl Boyce. They have three

Miss H. Lynn Warner of Salt Lake daughters.

City, now serving on the sports comMrs. lone R. Bennion of Clear-

(Continued) this new call was mittee. She has been sports director field, Utah, now serving on the

serving as first assistant in the Hillin Moapa (Nevada) Stake, Sunday drama committee. She is the widow

side Stake Sunday School superinSchool teacher at Ferron, Utah, and of Stanley J. Bennion, a former mantendency. He and Mrs. Hall have Beehive and Gleaner teacher in ager of Zion's Printing Company,

four sons. North Eighteenth Ward, Ensign Independence, Missouri. As a young

Elder Blaine Watts of Midvale, (Salt Lake City) Stake, and Junior woman she filled a mission to

Utah, now serving on the Scout Gleaner teacher in Twentyseventh the Central States. Shortly after

committee. At the time of this apWard, Emigration (Salt Lake City) her marriage she and her husband

pointment he was a member of the Stake. She has filled a mission to served on the MIA board of the

Midvale Stake high council. He has Norway, where she served as MIA Central States Mission. She served

also been a member of the East and Primary supervisor. as YWMIA district president, and

Jordan Stake high council, and at Mrs. Lillian S. Boyce of Holladay, when Kansas City Stake was organone time was a member of the East Utah, now serving on the Mia Maid ized, as stake'YWMIA president.

Jordan Stake presidency, and once committee. With the exception of She has a son and a daughter.

served in a bishopric. He is a about ten years she has taught SunMrs. Lila B. Walch of Bountiful,

widower and has two daughters. day School since 1918. She has Utah, now a member of the Beehive

Elder Ira A. Newsome of Bountialso served in the Relief Society, committee. Until the past summer

ful, Utah, now serving on the Scout and been a Jr. Gleaner leader and she resided in LaGrande, Oregon.

committee. Previously he was servBeekeeper and a counselor in the She has served as stake YWMIA

ing as a member of the Bountiful ward YWMIA. She has been stake agegroup counselor, Beekeeper,

North Stake high council. He has Mia Maid leader, and for seven secretary, ward president, and

also been a stake MIA superinyears (up until last June) she was Gleaner leader. She has also served

tendent, ward Sunday School superstake YWMIA president. During in the Primary, Relief Society, and

intendent, scoutmaster, and Aaronic that time the stake was named Sunday School. Her husband is

Priesthood general secretary while Cottonwood and later Holladay. At C. Lloyd Walch, patriarch in Bounresiding in Bountiful. He filled a the time of this call to the general tiful North Stake. They are the

mission in Great Britain 193436. He board she was active in Sunday parents of four sons.

A Spiritual Beacon in Box Elder County. seven years of sacrifice and cooper-

During the spring of 1884 many ation on the part of thousands of (Continued) courses, and by the visitors came to see the temple, residents in the temple district was fall of 1880 the work had been comthen nearing completion inside and culminated in those three days of pleted up to the square. Work on out. It was then, as it is now, when dedication. But the real purpose of

the towers was completed on Deour new temples near completion, the temple, the reason why it was cember 22, 1882. an effective means of missionary built, was just beginning as ordiNovember 21, 1883, after a long work, much appreciated by our nonnance work began on Wednesday,

illness, Elder Charles C. Rich of the member friends and neighbors. May 21, 1884.

Council of the Twelve and a memWith humility and with splendor, It's easy to write such a story thus ber of the templebuilding committhe Logan Temple was dedicated far. The sturdy dream of a pioneer

tee died at his home in Paris, Idaho. Saturday morning, May 17, 1884, decision to build a temple to the

He was greatly mourned as he had by President John Taylor. DedicaMost High carries itself to its drabeen greatly loved by the Saints in tory sessions were repeated Sunday matic conclusion at the completion

the temple district. and Monday. Special dedicatory of the temple.

In January 1882 the baptismal music had been written, and was Then the real'story only begins.

font, which had been cast in Salt sung by a selected choir under the The quiet dedication of those people

Lake City, was hauled in from the baton of Alexander Lewis. who entered the temple to do a vifoundry by men and teams from Of the first dedicatory session, carious work—and how they received

Brigham City. That mode of transthe Deseret News reported: a spiritual feast, and how they and

portation was considered to be less "About 1,400 were present. The their families have been blessed for

expensive and perhaps safer than presiding priesthood were seated three quarters of a century. Seventythe railroad. Some of the sections according to their respective callfive years and the sacred promises

of the font weighed about a ton ings. The Melchizedek Priesthood are still being made there; the blesseach. The twelve oxen which supon the east; the Aaronic on the west. ings from heaven are being poured

port the font were cast in Logan. The great hall is chaste and beautiout openly there.

In the summer of 1882 (some ful, being pure white, with the exMay the Logan Temple, the spirstudents say 1883) a number of the ception of the upholstery work on itual beacon set upon the hill east of temple workmen were asked to go the pulpits and the gold initials Logan, be the center of the lives of and build houses to start the town thereon."the people of the area for many times

of Washakie for the Indian Saints Seven years of actual buildingseventy-five years to come!

374 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Worship—Its Meaning

and Achievement

(Continued) but sometimes seeing the parts of a process helps in arriving at an understanding of the whole process. We shall consider

first, the preparation and conditioning necessary for worship; second,

the worship experience proper; and

third, the fruits of worship.

To achieve a corporate worship experience requires thoughtful preparation and considerable discipline of all concerned beforehand. There

are two areas of responsibility in this connection: that of the officers who

arrange and conduct the service, and that of the individuals who come to worship. The former are responsible for providing external conditions

which are conducive to worship, and the latter are responsible for inducing within themselves an attitude of intention and expectation of worshiping.

The officers responsible for the service must discipline themselves not only to the inner requirements of the individual worshiper, but also to the principles and techniques without which it would be impossible for them to conduct a unified, beautiful, and effective meeting.

While these principles and techniques are considered important, we can only briefly mention them here.

It seems to us that the guiding principle under which the techniques are to be worked out fordeveloping an impressive service, is UTOCO the simple idea that the outward expression or external program should run parallel to the inner spiritual course of the experience. It

the care it deservesis perhaps impossible to say what For greatest motoring pleasure—give your car

the sequence of this inner course is YOU EXPECT1 MORE FROM UTOCO AND YOU i GET IT!

because of its elusiveness and complexity, yet it seems that in a wellUtah Oil Refining Co.

ordered Sacrament meeting, for example, the tone and intensity of the inner experience increases until the culmination is reached with the partaking of the Sacrament. If this

it case,is not the should be. This

that separate the partsmeans and Summer teAwl at 6ame the order, of the service should selectedconsciously be tHe HOME STUDY y arranged and to contribute to and enhance as well as express the inner process as it moves to the climax of spiritual ilPlease send a free HOME STUDY catalog to:lumination and rededication to the

will of God. Name

The techniques or practices to Address.

which officers must discipline themCity.State.

selves if the service is to be effective, Send to:

HOME STUDY Adult Education and Extension Services

Brigham Young University Pro vo, Utah

MAY 1959 375 l/l/or5nipPul include those combined elements and purest form of art of which the which result in the skilful, artful human soul is capable.

management of the service. InCareful attention to the princi-

. cluded among these would be such ples and techniques of worship is 3one matters as the detailed planning of not in the interest of principles or

each meeting, the prearrangement techniques as such but is rather in of all physical factors, the dignity the interest of worship itself. Puband simplicity with which the servlic worship is an organic, not an

ice is conducted, the appropriateness atomistic process. Scattered indiof scripmusic, use proper and into viduals a worbe welded must

ture, speech, prayers, the and and it shiping is a congregation, and overall level of quality unity and the whole. Proper attention to simple fact that certain conditions

these and other factors gives the and procedures contribute more service a quality of dramatic unity readily to this end than others.

from beginning to end. If this Observance of these prerequisites

suggests that worship takes on somedoes not necessarily insure the sucart, of of a thing of the worship service. nature then Complete we cessthat adds to it is that the success simplest add would the depends heavily upon

the iyv&tP&P&Meea r>? aYour name is safe in our homeof your

religious service Richard L. Evans

Last week we recalled a question that applies to all policies or products or any kind of proposal it to pertains will that people: to the do "What THE

SPOKEN like cite to 1 This man?"another week we should

WORD sentence from the same source, a sentence which suggests its own kind of questioning: "Your name is safe in our

home."1 Do we, for example, speak as well of our friends when

they are absent as when they are with us? It would sometimes

seem hazardous to be absent from some kinds of company because of gossip or uncomplimentary comments concerning those who aren't there. This, of course, is a false and unfortunate kind of

friendship. We can't be everywhere and always present in person;

can't ourselves; can't represent always and everywhere we we

console dimensions andPlaying arrangerefute falsehood every gossip misstatement and and innuendo and specifications to the rigidly conformments is circulated. that to people have be pressomehow And if always of Organists. Guild Americanof the ent to defend themselves from gossip, from loose tongues, from

A Wurlitzer Church Organ offers irresponsible rumor, or unkind comment, or criticism, there is little rich, reverent worshipful and is safe of safety for the anyone. "Your good in our name of name tone—a

to contribution things, the Churchmoving refraining 1 This other means, character home."from among

Service. assassination, from quick judgment, from unjustified criticism,

It places at the command of any from putting on a pleasing face and front at the moment of meeting, organist an infinite range of tradifollowed by gossip and accusation and innuendo in absence.

tional organ voices. Transmitted by Pertinent to this we would cite these three terse sentences, one

Wurlitzer's High Fidelity Sound Sysfrom Proverbs and two from the New Testament: "A whisperer

tem, the result is glorious organ separateth chief friends."2 "Wherefore putting away lying, speak

music... truly Music's Richest Voice. every man truth with his neighbour. s "Take heed what ye hear."4

In the home, in the family, in the house of our friends, among fellow it is blessedly reassuring to have someWurliIzer Organs workers—indeed anywhere—one with whom we can trust our good name, our reputation, our

FREE interest in our absence. Among the most cherished possessions

Church Organ forthrightin all of lifeassociatesare a loyalwho family,will representtrustworthyus fairlyfriends,in ourand absence.far and

Fund Raising Kit To quote Francis Bacon: "... It is a mere and miserable solitude

to want true friends; without which the world is but a wilderThe Wurlitzer Company "I ness. 'Your name is safe in our home."1

Dept. IE1158, DeKalb, 111.

Oscar A. Kirkham. *Mark 4:24.

Please send me information about the 2Proverbs 16:28. BFrancis Bacon, Of Friendship.

Fund Raising Kit and Wurlitzer Organs. 8Ephesians 4:25.

over the presented Square Temple Spoken Word,"from KSL and NAME "The 8, 1959. Copyright 1959. System, Broadcasting March Columbia

ADDRESS CITY ZONE....STATE...

376 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA attitude and purpose the individual worshiper has as he takes his place Nothing demonstrates the sensitive tempo of in the congregation. He must come modern living so much as the fluctuating

to the service primarily for the purpulse of markets and commerce.

pose of worshiping, conscious that on this occasion the values of socialAnd for every reader in the Intermounizing with friends or receiving intain West, The Salt Lake Tribune is an struction are secondary. illuminating beacon reaching into

In this era of two hundred page every channel of trade which may

Sunday newspapers, radio programs, affect western prosperity. You

and television, variety shows, drag races, traffic jammed streets, and are abreast of the commercial numerous other distractions, freworld with The Tribune's quently including too full a schedule complete market quotations, of Church appointments, the attiexclusive DowJones financial tude of mind and relaxation of body dispatches and Robert L.

required in worship are difficult to achieve. To arrive at Church under Bcrnick's coverage of the

these circumstances in the proper important events in the West's frame of mind necessitates some industrial realm. Keeping the

preparation and conscious selfdisci- Intermountain pline. West in perspective The form of preparation and discipline will vary with the individual. with the commercial world

If one habitually reminds himself is another of the essential of the meaning and value of the services provided for every

Sabbath as he approaches the day's home and every office by...

activities, his general attitude will be conducive to worship. However,

most people need further concenfb* j&alt al tibtm* tration on spiritual matters. ScripPULITZER PniZE

ture reading for devotional rather One of America's GreatNewspapers than theological interests proves helpful for many. A prayerful attitude, characterized especially by For Privacy For Beauty

adoration and gratitude to God, should be attained. The least one For Safety

can do is to discipline his thoughts actions,and in by whatever means, BUILD A FENCE!order to, that he be responsive may

and participate in, the service which has been prepared for him.

Let us now assume that we have an ideal worship situation where officers have met their responsibilities as suggested above, and where the congregation has arrived ready to worship. What actually is involved in the experience of the individual worshiper? Mftj?'-

Our attempt to answer this quesistion not or a proposal a stipulation of worship what be. REDWOOD shouldWorship, as an immediate, first M-Design IS BEST!

person experience, can be known 12 Different Designs and appreciated only in experience.

The sense or feel of worship cannot There'ssuit everyan homeMDesignand everyRedwoodtaste.FenceSee theto

be communicated verbally. What samples at your local lumber dealer and

is attempted here is an analysis and choose from a dozen designs. M-Design

hold stain finishes longer Fences Redwoodinterpretation expeof the worship. lifetime... and they Buy on budget last arience for the purpose of expressing terms.

something of the complexity, profundity, and richness of such experiSend for Free fence design folder ences. AT YOUR LOCAL LUMBER DEALER The reader is reminded again that

we are engaged in analysis and inMORRISON-MERRILL & CO.

205 NORTH 3rd WEST SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

MAY 1959 377 terpretation and that these processes is communion, the spiritual experibe said to reach its climax in the have no part in worship. The steps ence of the spirit of man and the moments of direct communion, and

or stages which will be enumerated spirit of God coming together in while this experience may be said are not to be taken as suggestive of the most intimate kind of personal to be an end in itself, the effect of an exercise which must be followed relationship. In the Divine Presthe experience inevitably leads to

consciously to worship. If the worence there is the overwhelming need what Paul called the fruits of the

shiper, at the time of worship, were to confess one's sins and rededicate Spirit—peace, joy, love, long sufferto concern himself with the maand recommit oneself to the will of ing, gentleness, and temperance.

chinery of worship, he would never God. (Ibid., 20:77, 59:12.) This These virtues give the whole of

get around to worshiping. Yet, phase of the experience culminates one's life a new quality, and when

after the experience has occurred in heightened vitality, increased nourished often by private and it is possible, upon analysis to recogimagination, and a joy that is full. public worship, characterize the

nize several elements or phases, (Ibid., 59:13.) truly religious personality.

however closely blended they may While we have made no attempt Perhaps these virtues can be cultihave been in the experience itself. to parallel the inner process with vated for their own sakes indeWe would suggest that the first the external process, it is obvious pendently of worship, but when

phase of the worship process proper, that the last phase described should they are the outgrowth of faith and is the further drawing in of one's run concurrently with the partaking worship, they have a very different wandering thoughts until the fullest of the Sacrament, and we would say inner aspect. This inner aspect is

concentration of attention is on the that unless this inner spiritual conthe quality we spoke of in the beobject of worship, God. This revercomitant is achieved, no Sacrament ginning as marking the difference

ent contemplation is not to be conhas been experienced. The worbetween the religious life and the

fused with thinking of the problem shiper has only outwardly responded nonreligious life.

solving type. To wrestle mentally to external symbols. To thank God Worship as it has been described

with difficult theological problems in the closing prayer for the preshere may not always be achieved.

at this time, is to impede the worship ence of his spirit is one thing; In fact, it may be that it is only on

process. The meditation of which actually to have experienced the rare occasions that this ideal comwe speak, is a kind of inarticulate presence of God is quite another. posite of experiences merge in comaffirmation of the greatest, goodness, Too often, worship never moves beplete fruition. Yet, we have not

glory, and mystery of God, who is yond the contemplation stage, but described the impossible. The

the Creator and Redeemer of the there is as much difference between promise is that all who wait upon world. Contemplation of this kind contemplation and communion as the Lord in humility and faith will

induces within the worshiper, a there is between companionship with find that he is inclined toward them.

sense of his own weakness and im- a present friend and thoughts about Without entering this dimension of perfection. This sense of sin, if one who is absent. experience the human personality

you please, is not unnatural nor While the worship experience may will never reach its maturest fruition.

forced. Nor is it out of date. It

is always an element in a genuine worship experience. This awareness of inadequacy gives rise to a Look, Mom, In later years he can look back

as of humilityfeeling one moves process. in the worshipforward In I'm a Senior! onthe thesetrial andexperienceserror methodand realizeof findingthat

the contemplation of God, the soul (Continued) with him. They seem a mate is Mother Nature's most premay be silent or it may express itextremely fickle, and he is sure they ferred way. He may even realize

self in prayers of thanksgiving, are trying to wrap him around their that the girl he thought was so praise, and forgiveness. (Ibid., finger just for the thrill of a confickle and heartless was actually a

59:12.) But, this is not to complete quest. In fact, the first time he gets very sweet and sensible creature

the process. let down by a girl his ego collapses who knew she would be getting

At the beginning of this initial like a deflated balloon. married before he even reached his

phase of worship, the will is active "Think of all the weekly allowsecond year in college and her inas one voluntarily focuses his ances I wasted on that girl,"he tuitive wisdom therefore whispered, thoughts, but as the service promoans. To himself he secretly ad- "Better cut the boy loose before he

gresses the attention is spontaneousmits that he thought she was his goes into a spin."

ly absorbed in the process and the predestined soul partner. Now he Because this is not the marriagewill becomes passive. As the inner is convinced she has no soul. He able age for a boy it is a good time

posture changes from activity to the decides she is a professional heartfor him to be polishing up on passivity and receptivity of "not my breaker, a gold digger, truly a colosthings which a girl will be looking will but thine be done,"one is alsal disappointment. His emotional for later on when he really decides

ready entering the next phase of disturbance is no illusion but raw to campaign for a certain "one and worship. and real. He may try to cover it only."

In the first stage, man is seeking up by bragging that from now on The girls themselves have deand asking. In the stage that follows. he is going to be a confirmed woman scribed the things they like in a

God is responding. The first stage hater. "Women just can't be trusted,"boy:

makes one hospitable to the Spirit he says, "I never expect to marry."1. Good manners.

of God which is truly present and This firm resolution may last two or 2. Friendliness.

responsive to the soul's needs: This three weeks. 3. Good sense of humor.

378 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 4. Being a good sport.

5. Nice looking (manly, not

"pretty") 6. Good talker.

7. Popular with other boys.

8. Popular with other girls.

9. A "fun"dancer (not just a

"mugger") 10. Belongs to a friendly and interesting crowd.

New Motors, New Talents By the time a boy is 17, he is beginning to feel powerful new motors operating within him. His

intellectual powers are increasing.

His physical skills have acquired strength and improved precision.

What surprises Junior the most is his unexpected success in a lot of new endeavors. He finds he can

excel in any one of a number of things—acting, debating, journalism,

student government, telling jokes, singing, dancing, athletics, playing an instrument, even getting good grades in school. Sometimes he ex-

% eels in several of these. A couple

of years ago he would have hooted at the idea that he had such talents.

Nevertheless, he likes the new role.

And one of these fine days he wakes up to see his name in print for the first time. "This is very "So then U.S. Steel invested $770 million in us"

significant,"he thinks. And it is,

even if his name happens to be in An American baby is born every eight seconds—11,000 every day—4,000,000

a sixline article buried in the real a year. Our population will soon be over 200 million. And as our population

estate section. Sometimes he hears grows, our production must grow. We'll need millions of new homes... new

people refer to him in conversation schools and hospitals... new highways to carry 75 million motor vehicles by

and people speak to him at the gro1970... not to mention countless appliances and conveniences that haven't

cery store, the fiveand-dime, on the even been invented yet!

street. Some of these people he No temporary setback can stop the growing needs of our population. That's

can't even remember meeting before. why United States Steel has gone ahead with expenditures totaling $770

million to provide more and better steels for tomorrow's citizens. This is the

future. practical way that we've demonstrated our faith in the Glory The Graduation of

is a registered trademark USS a lot of boys, For graduation from high school marks the end of formal education. Many more will struggle on through one or two years of (USS) United States Steel

college and some will graduate, but for a great many boys the high school cap and gown remains the crowning memory of academic achievement.

The high school graduation represents a lot of things.

First of all, it means that Junior is not a quitter. Of the hundred

who dropped out of school, he is

is life not one of them. Modern a ACTIVE, INACTIVE AND OBSOLETE continuous obstacle for course the STERLING PATTERNS

boy who has not completed high From our stock of over 500 patterns, many school. Junior can always feel unobtainable elsewhere. We specialize in taking your

proud that he struggled through and old silver in exchange on a purchase of new, current flatware.

graduated. We are one of the world's largest dealers in inactive and

Second, it means that Junior obsolete sterling patterns.

JULIUS GOODMAN AND SON Memphis Jewelers Since 1862 Dept. I, Memphis 1, Tennessee

MAY 1959 379 A PERFECT VACATION ANYWHERE 'The weediness of words"BY

Richard L. Evans

of talked Last protecting the good week we name ROBBINS TOURS of in others and interests their absence, and used Jjif..:::::

as this significant sentence our theme "Your THE name 1 SPOKEN is in safe little our home."Sometimes seem we: 7'Sf WORD EUROPE to realize of is in there hurt irresponsible how much

utterance, and how much of time is used in triviality of talk. On

SPECIAL LDS YOUTH TOUR this subject Sir John Lubbock said: "One is thrown in life with

30 DAYS - 13 COUNTRIES a great many people who, though not actively bad, though they

OTHER EUROPEAN TRIPS may not wilfully lead us astray, yet take no pains with themselves,

AVAILABLE neglect their own minds, and direct the conversation to petty puerilities or mere gossip, who do not seem to realize that conversation may by a little effort be made instructive and delightful...

ROYAL HAWAIIAN HOLIDAYS or, on the other hand, may be allowed to drift into a mere morass 8 OR 16 GLORIOUSDAYS of muddy thought and weedy words."2 There is a phrase that may

be remembered: "muddy thought and weedy words"—the weeds

AMERICAN* HERITAGE TOUR that clutter, that hurt the good growth. Sometimes critical and

(HILL CUMORAH PAGEANT) unkind talk seems to suggest almost complete lack of appreciation

MONTREAL, QUEBEC, OTTAWA, for the privilege of living with those whom the Lord God has given

EASTERN U.S. SEABOARD us to live with, to share life with. Of course, people aren't perfect,

Let Us Plan Your Individual or Group and are sometimes disappointing, and make many mistakes, and

Travel sometimes seem selfish, selfcentered, and inconsiderate, and irriif we were so disposed, if we were—This Service is FREE To You—tate and annoy. And of course,

looking for fault, for blemishes, we could always find a reason to 14 So. Main St. Salt Lake City gossip, to criticize, to spread rumors, to be unkind in comment.

EL 5-8086 Evenings EL 9-0959 But if we want to come to a point of great appreciation for other people, we need only imagine how alone and lonely we would feel without friends, without family, without others with whom we are privileged to live out the days of this life, with all the Lord has given. "... little do men perceive what solitude is, and how far it

extendeth, for a crowd is not company, and faces are but a gallery of pictures, and talk but a tinkling cymbal where there is no love."2

And this awareness well would lead us to greater caution, to greater kindness, in all comment and conversation, with less of the "weediness of words."

Oscar A. Kirkham.

ORGAN BOOKS FOR THE 2Sir John Lubbock, The Blessing of Friends.

CHURCH ORGANIST Word,"from "The Spoken Square presented over Temple the KSL and AT THE 2.00 CONSOLEFelton Broadcasting System, Columbia 15, 1959. March Copyright 1959. ECHOESFelton CHANCEL 2.50

CHAPEL ORGANIST 2.00

CHURCH MUSIC FOR THE SMALLEST ORGAN—Nevin 1 50

DEVOTIONAL ORGAN ALBUMAsper 2.50

INSTRUMENTAL CHURCH SERVICE SELECTIONSVols. 1 and 2 ea. 1.25

NINETY THREE SHORT SOLOS 2.75

ORGAN MUSINGS 1.50

ORGAN MELODIESLandon 1.50

ORGAN IN THE CHURCHAsper 2.75

ORGAN ORGAN VOLUNTARIESVols.VISTAS 1 and 1.50 SELF SERVICE

2—Schreiner ea. 3.50

REEDTWO STAFFORGANORGANPLAYERBOOK 1.001.00 by Elizabeth Shafer

MUSIC SENT ON APPROVAL Use this advertisement as your order blank I meant to buy a loaf of bread,

DAYNES CO., MUSIC 15 E. 1st South A piece of steak, Salt Lake City 11, Utah

Please send the music indicated above. A jar of honey.

On Approval fj Charge Money Enclosed Name I bought a lot of things instead.

Address Believe me, friends, City & State It isn't funny.

Each week my budget's in the red—

Daunes Music I serveRightmyselfout of money!

15 E. 1st So.

145 NORTH UNIVERSITY, PROW J''Salt Lake City 11, Utah 380 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA knows quite a lot about many things. become an apprentice in nearly any fulfils the dreams of a boy's best

He has been exposed to a little hisoccupation except those requiring friends—his mom and dad. At 17

tory, a little science, a little law, very advanced or highly technical Junior represents an investment in some phases of government, the skills. Probably 80 percent of the cold cash of around $30,000. His

basic elements of mechanical arts; jobs in the country demand high parents don't think about that,

he knows a lot about his own lanschool graduation as a basic rehowever. They leave it to the Chilguage and some things about a quirement for employment. dren's Bureau in Washington, D.C.,

foreign language; he knows more Fourth, he has struck a level of to figure that out. All they know is

mathematics than many of the best educational preparation which makes that Junior has been the object of scholars in colonial times, and he him equal to the vast majority of vast quantities of love, devotion, has probed the mysteries of a chemthe citizens of our country. One of care, teaching—and a certain amount

istry, physics, or biology lab; he has the most important asnects of eduof fret and worry. No matter what

improved his writing technique, his cation is getting a feeling of confihappens they will never regret a ability to speak, his athletic skill; he dence—not a feeling of superiority single moment of what they have

has learned a great deal about citiover other people, but a feeling of done to help him, but it is such a zenship, something about working being equal. He learns that nobody tremendous reward to a mother and

through group dynamics in commitknows everything about anything. father to see Junior turn out to be

tees and on teams; he knows the He has learned to approach even the wonderful fellow they knew he

of intellectualrudiments research caution. socalled experts the with could become. That is why moms

feels at inand the archives home to learns think to for himself, at of sentimental get sort dads and of He sir,a library. Yes, has Junior come to to ask the evidence, see weigh, exercise. a graduation As Junior longa way!

Third, graduation from high school ponder, and decide. To the extent walks across the stage in his cap and

means basic preparation for a happy that he does this he reduces the gown, it does something deep down and profitable life. He is now "margin of risk"in life. It helps inside. To hear his name called

equipped so that he can continue him take the gamble out of new out and see him accept his diploma improving himself through selfedu- business ventures, the mystery out in front of a crowded auditorium of cation; 12 years of schooling will of new acquaintances, the gullibility admiring townspeople, just cannot

have triggered interests in many out of everyday affairs. help opening up the floodgates of a

fields. It has also prepared him to Fifth, graduation from high school happy parent's heart.

ONE STANDS OUT Three reinforcement features of Virco "can't-tip"folding chairs could be omitted and the chairs would look the same. Because we continue to include them our chairs are establishing new records in use periods. The

plywood solid core of our heavy duty banquet tables could be omitted and the tables would look the same.

We could substitute other, less costly semisolid materials. But we do specify the solid core. This persistence

in quality manufacture has contributed mightily to the fact:

's for Write of Virco public seating your free copy l*C( 5> I *% J w I Wi EJS OUT list price Virco today! and Corporation, Manufacturing H, California. Station P.O. Angeles, Los Box 44846,

VIRCO catalog

OUTSTANDING FEATURES

1. Extra tubular reinforcing brace

Heavyduty and standard folding underneath front of seat banquet tables by Virco give many years of service because 2. Extra solid 14gauge steel reinforcin

they are constructed of the finest plates on both sides of seat materials, built for maximum 3. Extra steel tubular reinforcement

strength and durability, yet their inside front legs at seat pivoting point advanced design reduces weight 4. Two electrically welded and brazed tubul

to a practical minimum. Steel cross braces between rear legs

MAY 1959 381 put them all togetherToday's Family,

It's a wonderful thing to be a mother."A /rnrP HrT7!"D Being a mother means having your hands in water

a big part of the day; it means sometimes having

chipped nail polish, bags under your eyes, worry lines on your face, a few gray hairs, and very little time to yourself. But it also means to be needed, to have

a chance to love completely, to be a partner with

God in creating bodies for his spirits, and to mold and influence lives. It is a priceless gift. It is worth

every minute of every day—this being a mother.

If you have a teenage daughter in the home, it means that almost always the ironing board is up; it

means the jingle of bobby pins in the bathroom when anyone with good sense would be in bed; it means

the alarm clock is set at 4 or 5 a.m. for her to study for

a chemistry exam or a song fest practice; it means

yards and yards of white cotton slips to iron, plus a half dozen white blouses to do up; it means trying

to put the nourishment of a full breakfast into an eggnog because she is always in a hurry, and it means making one little sandwich (because that is all she will take to school) to hold the calories and nourishment of a sensible lunch; it means sharing the

memories and the joys of an extra special date as well as staying up all night finishing a neverto-beforgot- ten prom dress. It means bursting with pride when

she accomplishes something you always wanted to be able to do when you were a young girl. Yes, to

have a daughter in the house is really to live.

If you have sons in the home along with this daughter you live doubly. It's wonderful. It means the

constant ringing of the telephone, the staying awake nights until at last you hear a car in the driveway and then footsteps coming up the walk. It means a

feeling of relief and forgetting all your worries of car accidents and things as he comes into your room enthusiastic about the activities of the evening. It

means the right words of encouragement spoken at just the right moment and making little suggestions and corrections to teach him right from wrong. It

means glowing inside when someone compliments you on something fine he has done. Yes, it also means

to say just the right thing to the principal when he calls you to school because your son has done wrong,

Q "Florence B. Pinnock. Editor

and then to be understanding with your son in the correction of this wrong. It means all this and much

more. It helps if you can be as wise

as Solomon and as human as the

Andersons in Father Knows Best.

It helps if you pray often and then live the way you should.

I remember when our daughter was just a little girl and we went for a walk together one summer evening. She took my hand and

gave it a squeeze and said, "Oh,

Mother, I love you like the sky."SOUPSAMPLER'S FAVORITE! How do we knoiv our Rancho Chicken Noodle Soup

I looked up at the clear blue sky and is extra special? You guessed it... the young fry dote on it. Mothers have told us

... "tastes better"... "more tender noodles."Try then down at her and said, "That's why. "More chicken flavor"

wonderful, dear, just how much is Rancho Chicken Noodle Soup on your clan tonight. Simple way to please 'em.

that?"She looked surprised at me

and said, "Why, Mother, the sky has no end."As mothers and fathers For your Ward Parties 12 VARIETIES TO

and sons and daughters our love for CHOOSE FROM each other is like the sky—it has no POTATO & EGG MACARONI

end. It's a wonderful thing to be a COLE SLAW

mother, the most wonderful thing in STRAWMELLOW

BLACK CHERRY the world. cn FRUIT SALAD

MANDARIN WALDORF PERFECTION ASSL% A DINNER FIT FOR A QUEEN in lime gelatin) (vegetables

ON (cottageLIME cheeseDELIGHTin lime MOTHER'S DAY Wd gelatinMOLDEDwith pineapple)GOLD (carrot & pineapple Avocado Salad in orange gelatin) HAWAIIAN

Breaded Round Steak (pineapple in lemon gelatin)

Buttered Asparagus Mashed Potatoes and Carrots Call DAvis 2-129?

Cherry Jam and Relishes Pineapple Ice Box Cake

Saturday is the day to prepare this Mother's Day dinner. The

whole family can help. The salad,

breaded steak, and ice box dessert can all be made ready a day ahead of time. Plan to set the table in a

Bulk Chili Con Carne for Parties

MAY 1959 383 of silver, sparkling and a centerpiece Greet Summer With A festive mood, using fresh linen, are not availIf flowers some kind.

able, try using a centerpiece made

Lovelier Figure withof a largeparsley.grapefruitSet thisentirelyfreshcoveredgreen

ball on a crystal plate or mirror.

To prepare, prick the grapefruit all over and insert stems of parsley deep into each hole. The avocado salad,

used as an appetizer, adds to the attractiveness of the table.

Molded Avocado Aspic

Dissolve 2 tablespoons gelatin in let stand for and cup hot water one You'll find Stauffer's "Magic Couch"—the Posturegrapefruit cup 5 minutes. Add 1 Rest which is the heart of the Stauffer Plan—juice and mix well and chill for 10

pleasant and relaxing to use. minutes or until of jelly consistency.

Then add 1 cup mashed avocado, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 2 * Stauffer Home Reducing Plan is a Remove unwanted inches from troubletablespoons finely grated onion, Vz complete figurebeautifying program. some areas safely and pleasantly. teaspoon salt and Vz cup mayonnaise.

* Remake your figure in the privacy of Improves posture, giving you a more Pour into individual molds and chill your home—no disrobing! graceful carriage. until firm. Decorate with a cherry

* Stauffer has helped more than 5,000,- before serving on endive.

000 women remake their figures! * Firms, tones and tightens sagging tis-

* Mr. Stauffer's "Magic Couch"—the sue. Breaded Round Steak

PostureRest unit—provides controlled * Courteous, trained Stauffer counselors

rhythmic motion—no vibrators, no make certain that you enjoy maximum 2 lbs of Vz inch thick round steak

electricity applied to the body. benefits from your Stauffer Program. 2 beaten eggs

6 (about) tablespoons evaporated milk Beware of Imitators! Insist on Stauffer! Fine cracker or dried bread crumbs

Shortening Get Complete Details Today Salt, pepper, paprika

Write or Call Pound steak thoroughly. Cut into

Stauffer Home Plan serving pieces. Pound crumbs into

520 East 4th South the meat. Mix the milk with the

Davis 8-0531 eggs. Dip the meat into the mixCity Salt Lake 1, Utah ture then into crumbs and seasoning.

I would like more information about the Stauffer Horn'- Plan without obligation. Brown on both sides in hot shortening. Half cover with boiling water

Name Phone and simmer over very low heat for

Addr about an hour. Set in refrigerator.

Add more liquid on Sunday and simCity State. mer about 30 minutes. Serve.

Mashed Potatoes and Carrots

DRINK Peel and boil potatoes and carrots separate in salted water. When

ficq A delightful cookedeach separately.thoroughly, Seasondrain andto mashtaste.

for hot beverage those To potatoes add hot milk and butter coffee. don't drink who

for as mashed potatoes. Then comAT YOUR GROCERS bine vegetables and mix well.

Your bookdealer now has.., Pineapple Ice Box Cake

THE COOK BOOK THAT RELY MILLIONS ON recipes, in this basic Gospel Ideals 21I cupscupcup sugarsugarmilk complete 3000 book. Profuse illustrations, cook tablespoons cornstarch from the discourses of 2

in color. $4.50 many 2 eggs beaten

Ask your bookseller to show you a President David 0. McKay

copy, or write RINEHART, 232 Madison Ave., N. Y. 16 584 Pages $4.00

384 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 1 tablespoon gelatin 1 tablespoon cold water % cup pineapple juice Juice and grated rind of one lemon

Pinch of salt Line a mold with thin slices of sponge cake. Heat milk, mix sugar

and cornstarch together and heat.

Stir until thickened. Fold in the

beaten eggs carefully. Remove from

heat and stir in the gelatin that has been softened in the cold water.

Add the pineapple juice and lemon rind and lemon juice; add pinch of

salt. Pour into cake lined mold

and let set over night. Just before

serving unmold and cover with Enjoys trying new recipes whipped cream and decorate with slices of pineapple and maraschino SALT LAKE CITY COOK WINS 4 PRIZES cherries. Serves 6. Mrs. Mero Zolintakis has the maknew way to cook with yeast... just

ings for a centerpiece in her own add it to biscuit mix! It's easy. And

yard. And her table's bound to be spewhat a delicious way to make real

cial because she is a prizewinning Italian pizza crust—the recipe's on

cook. She won 4 awards last year the package. Fleischmann's Active

—all at the Salt Lake County Fair. Dry Yeast is easy to use any time—

Mrs. Zolintakis is another top cook and it keeps for months. When you

who uses Fleischmann's Active Dry bake at home use Fleischmann's.

Yeast. "It's so dependable,"she says.

"And it stays fresh for months."

And now you can enjoy making yeastraised treats even in warm weather. Because there's a quick Another Fine Product of Standard Brands Inc.

Pantry Shelf Meals gfotHU -foL2GOtt<

Rings are scattered throughout marriage. Some rings are worn on

the third finger left hand symbolic of vows taken. Other rings canherald a mild catastrophe, such as KITCHEVl CHARIT1

the doorbell announcing unexpected WAXED PAPER guests at dinner time, or that telephone ring preceding those timehonored words, "Honey, I'll be home Candlelight in half an hour for dinner. Jim just

came to town, and I'm bringing him Qualityalong."Calm down, meet the situsmile; aation with you can be preHtQSSED SOFTER - STRONG at

for Itpared such an emergency.

can be fun. Breakfast Have a corner tucked away somemflRCPL T,

labeled, "Pantry Shelf Meals."where nnPKinsjK. WHIN V* nook this shelfSave the commodities on

for special shortnotice occasions. Prices

MAY 1959 385 Don't use this food just for any exBaking powder biscuits cuse, such as your being lazy or not Pear salad ( garnished with grated being prepared for the regular run cheese) ofthe-mill meals. This is a shortOrange Fluff

cut shelf to a speedilyprepared delicious meal.

list Let's a few foods that come in fruit Handy Hint for like these: times handy

Freezer Tips Food for salads; crab, pears pineapple and4- *, juice, tomato juice for cocktails; ice for need for casseroles shrimp tuna, "a Do you and So good for babies la king"dishes; canned ham, whole or camping trip? This yourtip willpicniclet

chicken, as meat courses; mushyou have your ice and drink it too.

..that Special room.soup, tomato soup, bouillon If you are tired of trying to fit a

cubes and mayonnaise for sauces; 25 pound chunk of ice into a campMorning Milk canned tomatoes, corn, string beans, ing size icebox, and if you're tired

potatoes, frozen peas, broccoli, etc., of having two inches of water in

for vegetables; packaged crackers, the bottom of the box making all

So easy to digest, Special Morning biscuit mix for bread; cheese; packof your food soaking wet, then try

Milk is the only evaporated milk aged brownies, piecrust, cakes and this.

Fill cartons four cardboard milk this for desserts. Perhaps especially developed for babies...'puddings juice. fruit fresh water or wh*h sounds expensive to you as you begin

the only evaporated milk with exmarried life, but if each week you Freeze in your deep freeze and the tra Vitamins A and D added in add just one item to your shelf, you next time you decide to go on a the amount doctors believe best to will soon have a corner full of depicnic or a weekend camping trip help promote sound bones and licious possibilities to meet any you'll have ice and a cool drink when you arrive. R. M. W., Ontario, are not emergency. extending We teeth and build resistance to California.

this to discussion frozen dishes bedisease.

cause the majority of. you, at this

in a shelf time your lives, have but All for a Date it freezer. not a of said Never be Ask your doctor about Special

Morning Milk for your baby! you, as it was said of Old Mother (Continued) worry about it, there

Hubbard, that your cupboard was were many boy friends. She found it

bare. Your husband will be so proud wasn't too hard to hold her standards

of you if you can meet the emerhigh. She was so busy and happy she

gency of a surprise guest with poise, didn't worry about being accepted calmness, and a delicious meal. by the crowd. She found a great

Here are some sample speedy deal of love wherever she went.

dinners Because she loved people, they

1. Spiced tomato juice children. She could always keep THE BIRD... loved her: boys, girls, old folk, and

Salad casserole (January Era) others happy because she found so

Frozen peas ( cooked with & bouilmuch to talk about and be interlon cube) ested in. She wasn't very good at

Pineapple ring salad. sports, but she played whenever she

Seed squares (bread slices spread had the opportunity so that she with butter sprinkled with sescould talk with others that were ame seeds and browned under interested in them. She always had

a flame) to entertain to plenty the do boy BIRD, RAIN la a Brownies mode dating. she liked cooking, was She of course!

it fix to so for a her easy snack was 2. soup Onion are There dividends handsome friend after a or boy dance make California casserole cheese (April to in be earned providing your or Saturday afternoon candy on Era) weather for crops own pasand evening someone dropped when green salad Large garnished... ture there's better no way over. dresses those date Her were with shrimp this to with do than Bird Rain in she of saw her dreams up made ice balls Peppermint cream Sprinklers. Get water where material with her worked two own of ice in (scoops rolled cream it, it! you want want you when it hands. to wasn't She found hard or nuts chocolate chopped

Single installations have more cookie crumbs) keep boys happy without the usual 'makingout'that most of the crowd than doubled tripled——even

did. yields stability and insured of 3. Iced pineapple juice—cheese

crop income. See your dealer. crackers "Not very long ago Jeanette enterHam slices baked with cloves tained a crowd of young people at

Write for free information. New little canned potatoes in her parent's home and announced

cream her intended marriage. The house

NATIONAL RAIN BIRD Broccoli was decorated with beautiful flowSALES & ENGINEERING CORP.

Azusa, California

386 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ers cut from her own garden. Theplace cards at the table she painted For a Girl's Most Cherished Moment

herself. By request from the friends

she had learned to love so much, she spent part of the evening playedding announceing favorite pieces on the piano. wVY

When the refreshments were served, ments for that important she felt good that she had prepared them herself. Yesterday I went to event. A wide selection of

her trousseau tea and saw a beautiful trousseau; most of which was styles and cards that would

made or bought by Jeanette while please the most discrimshe worked and waited for her boy friend to return from a mission. She inating bride.

didn't even seem to be lonely while he was away. She was always busy.

There is no question as to what the rest of her life will be, because of The West's Finest what the past has been. Printers and Binders

"Think about these two girls, Larrie. Maybe you can copy parts

of their lives for yourself. You havea choice, you know, and you can Deseret

make your life just what you want it to be.""But Mom,"protested Larrie, "noone could do all the things Jeanette News did... not alone."

"No, Larrie, not alone! Jeanettehad a lovely family and a lot of 33 RICHARDS ST. Press

good friends. It's funny, but when EM 4-2581

you want to learn a thing badly SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH enough, you find help on every hand.

Especially when you want to give to others in return. Jeanette had

another source of help, too, stronger than any of the others. She lived BENNETT'S KRILIKOTE

with prayer and wasn't afraid to spend time on her knees asking her?

Father in heaven for guidance all the way. Jane and Jeanette were

both lovely girls and lived beautiful clean lives, but Jeanette was the happier one. She found it by the

'do it yourself method."

Julia Adams kissed her daughter and started to leave. She hesitated

said: door, turned, at the and "Do

. <*] I you ttfc*; want want, what you my love,

to be what you want to be. And

since dating seems so important to you right now, I hope you'll start preparing yourself for it. There is oiiiETn/ t

Open and stir MOTHER THE MAGICIAN \:

No Turpentine No Solvents No Fumes No Mess!

by May Richstone Thins with water. BENNETT'S KRILIKOTE is a tough, washable wall paint available in 1,322 Colorizer colors.

She gives his shoulder a loving squeeze, a kiss on a little boy's brow Biffin GUm**,, PAINTS Drops

And teardrops vanish, the bump on his knee's "All better now!"\SjeMAAjdi!d- Miraculously

65 W. 1st South—21st So. & 2nd West and Bennett's branches

and dealers in the Intermountain area and Southern California

MAY 1959 387 Going to

Disneyland? so much to be learned. There are time to 'practise your personality/

faster of other cheaper, getting ways and you 'arrive'it will be a when attention Stay at the new the thing. of boys, sure the but they

don't bring happiness. They don't "I'll finish your new dress tonight.

even bring popularity except for a You could wash your hair and do nails. little while. settle that a if you for a your I have But book new

substitute, tells all you'll to TJJhaUrVJnn cheap plenty have your about improve how of time to be worried when it's too conversation. You know, by mornBeautiful Garden Motor Inn across the street late. While you're preparing youring you'll have quite a bit done."

from Disneyland. self for dating you'll spend a few She winked at her daughter, "It's

2 heated pools Putting green lonely evenings, but the time won't going to be fun, isn't it, getting ready conditioned TVHi-Fi Free Air be wasted. Just remember it takes for your very first date?"

rates Family Kiddies Playground

LDS Owned

Make reservations early for this summer.

in City Salt or Call Lake HU 5-0848 statement is that the orthodox write Just Another Book ly direct Blvd., Inn, to Whaler's 1750 Harbor author, a freethinker, went who was Calif, reservations for or brochure. Anaheim,

(Continued) citizens would be right on to speak of Moses and insecure, under the administration Christ and of the Old and New motvuoe superstitiousof men who asareto believeso ignorantthat theyand Testamentssagely observingin the thatvery samethe world'sterms,. FOLDING have been the subjects of miraculous opinion of the Book of Mormon was

BANQUET verseand supernaturalwith God andcures;his angels,hold conand thealso learned"unquestionablyancients, concerningthe opiniontheof

TABLES possess and exercise the gifts of diformer revelations."16 It was a divination, and of unknown tongues."1 - rect hit which went unnoticed in the

Direct Prices & In vain the newspapers around general cry, voiced by the Missouri

Discounts to the country pointed out that you Argus in 1838, that though the MorSchools, Churches,

Clubs, Lodges, could not throw the Constitution out mons may be Christians, still they and all Institutions of the window simply because people were "a sect with a peculiar creed, had crazy religious ideas: "We redistinct from that professed by the

gard the Mormons as a sect of derest of Christians."17 The general

luded and deceived fanatics, yet impression of the Mormons on

TRUCKS MONROE is elotheir rights societv at the they time storing have For priviAmerican and easy, wayTables..."13 modernFoldingtables truck leges. in of the expressed the verses quently In vain governor

of EachandConstrue*storageChairs chairspermits No TSCor Transport Storage handlesthetionin limited Truckeitherspace state the the of the Canning, Josiah asked Truck No. England TS Mormons why New

Write types of for MONROEDiscounts Foldingand CatalogTables,showingand Trucks.54 sizes Alsoand alone of all fanatics should be so poet

popular line of Folding Chairs, treated: "It is not long,"he wrote,

THE "mowioe. COMPANY "since an impostor assumed the "Now MORMON, with his golden

249 CHURCH STREET. COLFAX, IOWA character of Jesus Christ, and atplates,

tempted to minister as such; but I Says he has opened heaven's gates,

never heard of any combination to And hangs out many tempting baits deprive him of his rights."14 At the To prove the fact;

same time a learned judge in the And old JOE SMITH, his agent, same state, acting in his official prates capacity, urged the Mormons to give With schoolboy tact.

up the cause of all their troubles, and warned them of what would "Here in our own, our goodly land, happen, rights or no rights, if they Some zealot has enrolled a band, did not: "The Honorable Judge RydWhose object is to take command

land... addressed the Mormons From HEAVEN, I think!

warning them against the danger of The last accounts thev seem to stand suffering themselves to be led by Upon the brink.

pretenders to the high prerogatives * # # #

The FINEST... of the Prophets of God."15 Such is "That heathenism should be done

BRIDAL GOWNS the specific crime with which he Beneath New England's CHRISFORMALS charges them. A year later a westTIAN sun,

DRESSES ern editor compared the Mormons 's a crying shame—a grievous one;

LINGERIE with the early Christians; he also And into jail

called the Book of Mormon "an The imps should tarred and feathartifice so vile, shallow, and conered run, temptible that it can never deceive Or ride a RAIL."18

one intelligent individual; therefore

we think it unworthy to so much Here it will be seen that the obnotice as a contradiction!"But the jections are raised to the Mormons

remarkable thing about this perfectin staid New England as in wild

38 South Main Salt Lake City

388 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Missouri (and they are purely religious objections), and the same C&O&c/ d 2)TE rough treatment is recommended for them. But today we are being THE CENTER N

told that such doctrines "would scarcely seem fanciful, possibly not of in novel"those early times.even x CONVENIENCE /

is kidding whom?Who Tleta BEAUTIFUL ROOMS

It was the oddness of Mormonism that arrested the attention of the *76e TtUtee R* -f-<

Fabulous Forties, when the critics looked for the peculiar and found it 7letv BEAUTY SALON t everywhere. Everything about Mor- X

TUtv BARBER SHOP NORTH TEMPLE. Josiah Quincymonism was fantastic.

said of the stately Nauvoo Temple, (at front entrance) "It certainly cannot be compared to plenty of parking 4TH5TH SOUTHSOUTH any ecclesiastical building which 6TH SOUTH discerned natural be by themay HOT 9TH SOUTH sight."Mr. Kidder Mormonism 19 To SHOPPES

was "threatening to unsettle the grounds of all rational belief...."20 -X-

the went,Wherever Mormons religious"their fanatical zeal and 'Food for the whole family"Ample parking II some of their tenets and practices... MAIN STREET at FIFTH SOUTH Phone EM 3-6781

were inconsistent or incompatible Now two entrances for easy convenience: Main Street; also West Temple

with the civilization surrounding them."21 We are accustomed to

boast of the intelligence of the nineteenth century,"wrote the dalized editor scanEverybody sure likes of the eminent Dublin

University Magazine in 1843, "to of ourselveslaud on the march mind Table Queen Bread! days,in these speak and to modern

of the popular delusions by which past generations were misled, as the spectral shadows of 'the long night now gone down the sky.'Mormonism

is to reply selflauda- a bitter our.. "22 intion. the name of "How

common sense,"an English minister wrote to his nephew who had become a Mormon elder, "could you be so simple, as to let such a poor, weak deluded creature, commit such blasphemy, as to put his hands on your head, and tell you that you should have the Holy Ghost descend Delicious... nourishingupon you?—I would much rather

have a pig's foot on my head, if it Contains the nonfat solids of a full glass of milk was well boiled."23 Enriched with vitamins and iron

1850's Salt Lake City ROYAI. BAKING COMPANY Omitcn

Everyone knows that the MorWest's Best Opportunity mons "are a queer, eccentric set; for IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS

that they have got odd notions into LiveWire LDS Publisher Aids in treatment of Canker, simple their religion respecting heads and too much newspaper; country weekly throat sore other minor mouth and

up. Have trying. to. tired keep keep too."a editorthe Bible obSacrificework, London

plants. irritations. sell or both. throat Low one papers, toTwo two and 24 in 1850.served Charles Dickens cash. discount for big comLDS payment; down

was bemused at the idea of people munity, agriculture, dairying, ranching, mining.

"seeing visions in an age of railWrite, phone or wire HALLS REMEDY it just Press Stateways"; Assn. too incongruous Utah was Salt Lake City. Utah 25 Salt Lake City, Utah Broadway "Itfor words. humiliating 34 West is most * >< n *-(] -fl 04HO0()'l 9-7693 Phone EL

to our country and our age!"cries

a devout American commenting on the same anomaly in 1853, "Who Add to your permanent library of Church literature with 12 issues $2.50

MAY 1959 389 "BANQUETMASTER"THE NEW LIGHT WEIGHT FOLDING BANQUET TABLE would opine that, in our happy land, even raise an eyebrow. They were

for Designed today's beautiful Churches Schools in a nation of voters, freemen, born yesterday. A hundred years

Cafes Private Homes newspapers, periodical literature, ago the critics agreed that "Morand general reading, such a gross monism is... the product of a beand detestable imposture as Morwildered brain, when it has evidence

monism could find disciples and deboth of a moral and metaphysical votees?"- 6 Speaking of. the death nature, to prove that it cannot by

of the Prophet, the most noted possibility—I may almost say huMade in the West by literary journal of the age says, "we man or divine—be true! Before

L.D.S. workmen. cannot deny that in his punishment, Mormonism can be true, the nature

compare BanBISHOPS—Before vu buy,

of material for quality and the wrath of lawless men fulfilled of man, the nature of truth, and the quetmasters design. of Write beauty workmanship,

prices with descriptive for brochure and the righteousness of God."Actually nature of Deity himself, must be

discounts. it was "a death too honorable for totally subverted.... Nothing less

Satisfaction Guaranteed his deserts. abcession in these parts a total than To call such a man inspection. your table sent for Sample

27 collect 2-6601. Write or telephone JA is tolerated."32 a martyr of language.".an.. abuse can be

D. H. LOOSLI CO., INC. When one considers that this was

Idaho Falls, Idaho written in Scotland, far from the FOOTNOTES, PART II, Part I political or economic troubles of the

American frontier, and by a man TA. Campbell, in The Millennial HarII Virginia, binger (Bethany 1831), cool prided himself on his who

is cited passage at length by inThe W.p. 93;R.

tellectual detachment, had who District, Cross, ( Ithaca, Burnedover The DIAGRAMS never had any contact with Joseph 1950), as an authentic explanation of the of Mormon. it to that Smith, argue is hard MorBook Saint Illustrating Latter - day "unequivocally triumphand 2CampbelI product simply a normal monism was

sets antly of question the audivine the scripprinciples complete with "It of times. the has observed been rest, at of thenticity 'Book'forever the references tural condensed and reason,"with an important rational some to Painesevery the mind."Thus

summaries of Church doctrines. American journal remarked in 1854, ville Telegraph, May 17, 1881, cited by F.

Extremely helpful for teachers, "that had a Rabelais or a Swift told Kirkham,America, II,New99. Witness for Christ in

missionaries, students, and all the storvJ of the Mormons under the sThe American Whig Review, Vol. 7,

of allegory, mankind p. 140. 1851, would June Church members. vail subject of the affidavits will be 4The a protest probably have entered

section. a separate below in Author, A. P. Merrill against the extravagance of the treated

Griffiths, Settlements Jr., BD. of New satirist."213 Davis, Ohio Westley (London: Price -$1.00 & 1835), EACH

An editorial in the eminent Put- p. 140.

Available at nam's Monthly for March 1855, reeThe works of Linn, Arbaugh, Brodie,

DESERET BOOK COMPANY plies with a resounding "No!"to its promiseMorgan, toDavis,produceto namethe trueonlystorya few,of theall

"Shall Utah be own question: last! at In pathesuch adBook of Mormon—44 East South Temple

It is the to the mitted Union?"E. the tic hopefulness Rev. Mahaffey J.

Salt Lake City 10, Utah doctrines of the Church regarding published his Found at Last! 'Positive

Is that a Fraud and Mormonism issue. 29 Proof the decide and God man that the (Augusta, Fable Book a of Mormon

thesis subject on the same A later Office, Chronicle Georgia: 1902). Job

in the Forum reached the same con7T. F. O'Dea, The Mormons (University

clusions:—the Mormons are as difof Chicago Press, 1957), p. 27.

8Ibid., 13. p. and COAT HAT RACKS rest of society ferent as the from the

"Cross, op. cit., p. 140. for Church every need totally of "the devoid wild redskins, wIbid., 81. p. ft. (S-4-CT) proCheckerette A 4

shelves ventilated vides hat and virtues alone Christian which Reflector, upon "Palmyra June 1, 1830, in either or 32 coat op. cit., II, 50. instituKirkham, republican build people can (D-4-CT) hooks. Checker24A coatdoublehangers

"Missouri Intelligencer ette length of equal Boone's Lick and accommodates tions."30 year, In the same or 64 hooks. 48 hangers on on Both John Advertizer, 10, 1833. Also reported Aug.

disset-up or can anywhere be observer, wrote: Reynolds, a shrewd in (Missouri), Republican the Jeffersonian less in assembled a than minute

without nuts, bolts or tools, can be "In all the great events and revolufor Aug. 17, 1833.

like chairs, folding will or stored Intelligencer Missouri Boone's Lick and of tions in the various nations the for rigid years. stand double The

Advertizer, 21, 1834. June casters Checkerette comes on extraearth surpasses the nothing

it ia for easy movement largewhen "Letter from Daniel Governor Dunklin

Checkerettes assembled. can be history the of ordinary Mormons. for printed idem, 5, July 6, 1834, June for vestrobes "high"or assembled

this singular facts in relation to The 1834. for adult ments, wraps or "normal"

children. for Checkerette "low"for 1834. 28, June so so strange, opposite are people 18Ibid., in 2, 4 ft. Wall 3 and Racks come in Expositor for Bobb, Western The J. to lengths and accommodate up sense, great and and so to common

foot. 1835. running hats per 10, Dec. 12 coats andwill

that obthey not wall would are at important, on mounted They 17Missouri for Dec. 1838. 20, Argus

for heights proper each age if the not see tain our belief in 18Josiah D. Canning, we did Review,""The group. {or Bulletin Write CT690

(Greenfield, Massachusetts: Phelps these other and showing transpire eyes. before our events No Poems

units. steel wardrobe Ingersoll, 107-8. 1838), The poem pp. & of or reasoning, argument, mode

is dedicated to Daniel Webster.VOGELPETERSON modernCOMPANY that to believe induce could anyone People Rack Coat The Figures Past Quincy, the lflJosiah of Illinois 9. Chicago Street, 37th 1127 West in in century, the the nineteenth Little, (Boston: 389. p. Brown, 1901),

United States... a sect of religion- 2"D. Kidder, Mormonism and the MorYork, 1842). mons (New ists COLLECTORS STAMP could and arise on delusion

S. Histori/ Illustrated Morton, of aJ.

U.S., sets packets, singles of carry and imposture."31 We (Lincoln: Co., Nebraska North 1906) & J. alforeign Also Nations, United stamps. and our presentday not is Yet II, critics do of speaking 125, the 1840's. This supplies. catalogs and bums,

LYON STAMP ttTMaVn-

390 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA clearly illustrated in Francis Parkman's

Oregon Trail.

Editorial, "Mormonism; or, New Mohammedanism in England and America,"

Dublin University Magazine, March 1843, p. 283. 23Rev. P. Alcock, Latterday Saints, A

Letter to His Nephew, E. H. Webb, Elderin the Church of the Latterday Saints *M?

(Bristol: Wm. Taylor, 1842), p. 3. 34Editorial, "What Is Mormonism?"in Planning that dream vacation?

Sharpe's London Magazine, N.S. 5 (1850),

p. 55. That means today, you'll want to years of service, plus your savings

Charles Dickens, Household Words, start saving regularly at AMERICAN are insured to $10,000 1851. 19,July of the dollars by an agency only Not do your SAVINGS. 26S. Cox, Interviews: and H. Memorable rate Federal Government. current highest the grow fast at York: Harpers, p.Useful 1853), (New

293. paid on insured savings in Utah, but Start saving today for

2TW. J. Convbcare, in The Edinburgh you enjoy the security of substantial your family's dream

Review, 1854, pp. 169170. reserves accumulated through 36 vacation.

28Editorial in The National Magazine,

IV, No. 6, June 1854, pp; 481-2.

in Editorial Putnam's V, Monthly <Ame/ikmxxvii 226. p. 'MorThe (March 1855), Saving INSURED 3V2% can only with compared "a bodymons be current rate &l LOAN ASSOCIATION Ibid., savages."236.of 225, pp.

3uII. L. Dawes, "The Admission of HOME OFFICE 63 South Main, Salt Lake City 11, Utah

date), 482.Utah,"(no Forum

Salt Drive, Branch: 2186 Highland HOUSE SUGAR Honolulu, ( IlliOFFICE: Hawaii DIVISIONAL Times Reynolds, John Ownp. My

City 6, Utah Lakenois, 562. p. 1855), Kaimuki, Oahu BRANCH OFFICE:

D., History the T. D. Peck, The Street, Salt of City Lake South Market 3555 GRANGER: J.

Great Republic (New York: Broughton & 4, Utah BRANCH OFFICE: Hilo, Hawaii

Wyman, 1868), p 504.

31iH. Caswall, in W. S. Parrott, The Vail

Uplifted (London: 1865), p. 19: "I

should be showing great want of charity if I willinglyto countrymen, my allowed The Key to Success is TRAINING to of the 'Latterday'think wellthem doctrine."Ibid., p. 33, 39, quoting Rev. O. C.

of Omaha.Duke

to go to the 3r>C. H. Brigham, "The Mormon ProbBE A WINNEReveryone wants

lem,"in Old and New, May 1870, pp. top. In business, sports or wherever your interests

638f, 629.

Editorial, "The Mormon Theocracy,"lie, you know that training and skill are the keys in Scribner's, July, 1877, pp. 391-2. to success.

87T. deWitt Talmage, The Brooklyn

Tabernacle, A Collection of 104 Sermons (N.Y.: 1884), Funk & Wagnalls, pp. 55ONLY A LITTLE EXTRA TRAINING—a few weeks or

3637, Tal56. In an earlier sermon, pp.

mage labors to implicate the Mormons months at L.D.S. Business College will prepare you

in the assassination of President Garfield. for a successful business career. Don't be satisfied

"F. A. Noble, D. D., The Mormon

Iniquity Morse, to be "Just one of the crowd."For that extra train- (Chicago: Jameson &

1884), p. 3. ing that will make you a winner, enroll now at

3S1R. W. Beers, The Mormon Puzzle and

How to Solve It (New York, Chicago:

Funk & Wagnalls, 1887) p. 17, reluctantly adding: "But thus far it has successfully

fiercest opposition."even thewithstood40 D. D., "The Mormon J. P. Newman,

Question,"in the Rt. Rev. S. Fallows, HotShot fired at Fashions Follies and SoBusiness CoCCege

ciety's (Chicago: Abominations Standard LDS

Co., 108.Publishing 1889), pp. 99100, 70 NORTH MAIN ST. - SALT LAKE CITY PHONE EM 3-2765

of order the 41 It was "by drawn up

Presbytery of Utah, April 8, 1897. Endorsed by the Congregational Association

of Utah, October 14, 1897. Endorsed by

Baptist Association of Utah,the for Social Service7, 1898."League Sept. FOR A NEW THRILL (New

Christians City), ReasonsYork Ten Why IN TRAVEL FILMS! Fellowship theCannot Mormon Church FLY TO

E. York: 22 St., 1898). 105 & PRINTED DEVELOPED(New i2Ibid., p. 3. Italics ours. HONGKONG

nbid,, pp. 3-8. BANGKOK

MIbid., p. 14. The expression "GodSINGAPORE

or shock wouldMan"a Moslem Jew quite TOKYO as teaching about as any much Mormon during April or May liberal Protestants! these shockedGod Exposur Send—NoCoinC.O.D.'sOnly

S. Laing, Modern Science and Modern PHOTOS CopitThought (London: Chapman & Hall Ltd., MURD0CK r GENEALOGY1898), p. 231. TRA VEL

Street State 51 North PHOTO City, Dial Salt Lake DAvis 2-1129 Utah

MAY 1959 391 The Last Word

There's nothing like a dish towel for

wiping that

enchanted look off a married man's face.

Down in Memphis, Tennessee, the Rotary Club impulse by allowing a hypersensitive sacroiliac to put on a hula hooptwirling contest. First prize was impinge on a small portion of the interior periphery

won, surprisingly enough, by the scholarly Dr. Peyton of a short section of the hoop. The impulse serves

N. Rhodes, president of Southwestern College. Dr. to produce a change in the angular momentum of the

Rhodes explained that an acquaintance with Physics I hoop, and a small vertical component of this momenand II had been a substantial factor in his triumph. tum opposing the force of gravity which acts uniformly

over the plane of the hoop results in the horizontal "Actually,"he continued, "what is involved is the motion maintained with rare uniformity to the amazeconservation of angular momentum. It is merely ment of all beholders who do not realize that the whole

necessary to exert a small but carefully regulated deal is as easy as falling off a log."

A specialist: A person who knows very much about

very little and continues to learn more and more

The darkest hour is only sixty minutes long. about less and less until eventually he knows practically everything about almost nothing at all.

First, in are things days: these There two needed

is no statue live;for rich to find out poor and I would rather men asked why there men men how

second, for poor men to know how rich men work. of me than to have them ask why one was erected.

—E. Atkinson—Disraeli

Indispensable?

An open mind is often Sometime when you're feeling important, sometime an invitation to somewhen your ego's in bloom, sometime when you take it for granted you're the best qualified in the room, body to drop a worthsometime when you feel that your going would leave an unfillable hole, just follow this simple instruction while thought into it. and see how it humbles your soul.

Take a bucket and fill it with water, put your hand in it, up to the wrist. Pull it out—and the hole that's

remaining is a measure of how you'll be missed. You

may splash all you please when you enter, you can stir up the water galore, but stop, and you'll find in a moment that it looks quite the same as before.

The moral in this quaint example is do just the

Words are good, but there is something better. The best that you can. Re proud of yourself, but remembest cannot be explained by words. The spirit in ber, there's no indispensable man.

which we act is the chief matter.—The American Way

392 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Station. at your Phillips 66

.. Go ahead... live it up! Get all the driving pleasure you're entitled to

with a car that's "in tune"with the season. Now is the time to have your Phillips 66 Dealer

prepare your car for the warm weather driving ahead. Zing up for Spring!

These "Zina Up"Services will make your car run hetter!

Your Phillips 66 Dealer will drain and Your Phillips 66 Dealer can quickly Battery worn down? Your Phillips 66

flush the radiator... lubricate your provide new Phillips 66 ActionTread Dealer can provide a new, high powcar. give your crankcase a change tubeless tires, designed for today's ered Phillips 66 TropArtic battery.

to fresh Phillips 66 TropArtie* Motor tough driving conditions. Backed by Silver cobalt plated grids prevent ill

Oil. Don't put off these services, written guarantee! effects of overcharging. Guaranteed!

*A trademark

Phillips Stop at Phillips 66 Stations for

HOSPITALITY ON THE HIGHWAY 66 HOW TO MAKE YOUR LIFE INSURANCE MORE BENEFICIAL

OPPORTUNITIES UNLIMITED

Like to be your own boss? And would you like great satisfaction of knowing that you are helping

to know that there's no arbitrary ceiling on your the many families you serve in a way that they will earning power, or your advancement? Would you surely appreciate over many years.

also like to have the prestige and professional status "Ask the man who owns one"is a famous old that can be yours in only a few occupations? advertising slogan. We suggest, if you are serious

These are just a few of the benefits that capable about investigating life insurance career opportunmen enjoy as life insurance agents. There is also the ities, that you "Ask the man who is one"... ask

your Beneficial agent.

1i

LIFEBENEFICIAL INSURANCE CO. Beneficial Building, Salt Lake City, Utah *

Please send:: me more information about life BENEFICIAL UFE fiat:insurance career opportunities.

BIB Ml BBB uni:UHBName BUB BBB

Address. Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah in WE

City Zone State.