Return Postage Guaranteed—Sa|| Lake City, Utah

fe,<?Vcj,>i>5i,>;S=St-#5-;,o>->>>:,/

WILL BE WELCOMED

at the

I

Logan, Utah Monday, September 25, 1933 Life holds much for the young man or woman

South Entrance, Administration Building with a college education.

Prepare now for the future at an extremely low cost.

This is the year for sincere and ambitious students to attend an educational institution. The Utah State Agricultural College is interested in such students. It

offers them an education of the highest quality, in an ideal College environment, and for the lowest possible cost. The Institution will continue to maintain the highest

standards of scholarship, and it will also preserve its devoted interest in building the character of students as well as developing their technical skill. The College invites conscientious students to begin or to continue their training for constructive

American leadership by attending the Institution in 1933.

Courses are offered in the following Schools:

AGRICULTURE HOME ECONOMICS

FORESTRY COMMERCE ARTS AND SCIENCE ENGINEERING AND

EDUCATION MECHANIC ARTS

Agricultural Collei

LOGAN, UTAH

Address the President's Office, Logan, Utah, if you wish a catalog, or any additional information.

'-kt&vO',oii'iie>ii'ii'*''ijC* piemprovemen't Editor J. Grant,

Editor Managing AUGUST, 1933 HarrisonHeberR, Merrill,

Asso. Editor Volume 36, Number 10 ERAElsie Talmage Brandley,

Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, the Mutual Improvement Associations and the Department of Education

FORECAST EDITORIALS TN order to complete our series The Higher Law Harrison R. Merrill 608

on the First Presidency and the Hobbies Elsie T. Brandley 608

Quorum of the Twelve Apostles of A New Declaration Harrison R. Merrill 609

the Church, we have invited Bryant S. Hinckley, president of LibARTICLES

erty stake, to introduce our readers What About Leprosy? Virginia B. Jacobson 579

to J. Reuben Clark, Jr., the Second English Universities Arthur L. Beeley 584

First in Presidency. theCounselor

article in will appearThat 590 the MarkingBoulder—Thethe HandCityCartby theTrailDam HarrisonHarveR. BuntinMerrill 587 of September number ImThe

provement Era. President Clark The Utah Art Barn Lucile R. Marshall 593

has had a colorful career and his This Invisible World of Ours Thomas L. Martin 596

intimate biography couched in the How to be Safe in the Water - Wa/fer C. Menyhart. told to Arthur Marble 598

phraseology of President Hinckley M. I. A. June Conference Henry A. Smith 602

will be a most interesting feature. Cattalo, etc James Montagnes 625

The March Era Helen K. Orgill 624

The Singing Tree - - Marian G. Nielson 626

p\R. L. WESTON OAKS, a The Frontispiece - Alice M. Home 5 81

specialist in the field of.medicine, contributes an article entitled FICTION

"Spirit and ObBody—Including Promise of the Wheat Isabelle Neilt 582 inservations Newer Physiology."

All those of a speculative turn of How Lovely Youth Ardyth Kennelly 594 mind will find this article proThings—Claire S. Boyer 600

foundly interesting. Forever or Never - True B. Harmsen 605

i i i POETRY Shinto BetweenDELATION Harrison R. Merrill 610 Dusk on the Desert Especialand Christianity,

ly Mormonism,"is an article by A House and a Home Atgie Herbert 611 a youthful Japanese convert who Word Chasms.-.-Helen May Van Cott 611

has been studying in this country A Garden - Edith Cherrington 611 for several years. This young Evening John Sherman Walker 611

man, a court reporter before he Wasatch Mountain Tops --- Alice Lee Eddy 611 came to America, has traveled conWeep Not for Those That Pass Malcolm Meavlam 611 siderably among the Latterday Wheat Fields - Howard Allen Farrens 611

Saints and has some observations Pioneer Eternal 619 to make. Homesteaders - Maud E. Uschold 622

623 Margaret M. Brown for Men The Cover Sonnet 624 Pratt Grace Zenor Song The Lonesome

npHE Glory of Grain"might be Suburban Frances Hall 626 given as a title to the cover artist but an this month. No one DEPARTMENTS Roberts wouldlike H. Armstrong

think to make a photograph of Melchizedek Priesthood 627 such a subject; yet what an artisAaronic Priesthood—628

tic piece he has given us. Your Page and Ours 640

Published monthly by the GENERAL BOARDS OF THE MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS

Office, Salt at the Post Entered OFFICES: EDITORIAL EXECUTIVE AND Ballard, General Mgr.Melvin J.

STREET, SALT LAKE City, as secondclass Utah, MAIN CITY, UT. Lake AssociateClarissa A. Beesley, Mgr. 50 NORTH

Improvement Mutual Men's Young 1932, by the B. Peterson,O. Corporation Church of Business Mgr. AssociationCopyright, of the Jesus Christ matter.special rateAcceptanceof postageforprovidedmailing foratGeorge Q. Morris, Saints, reserved. rights All of Latterday

Rachel Grant Taylor, Subscription price, $2.00 a year, in advance; in section 1103, Act of October,

Chairmen Era and Publicity 30c a Single Copy. 1917, authorized July 2, 1918.

>4-;sr; "'

XVKIJ'4#

.-.i'XiuA&iiiii6sMim:

'Boats on the Bay,"by A. B. Wright

What About Jprosy? / An interview with T>r. Lyman L. Daines

By VIRGINIA B. JACOBSON

been always Louisiana. has time the present At LEPROSY

still in the experitheir work is baffling of most one of the all diseases to which the mental stage, and no definite results human body is heir,"said Dr. Lyare available. But it is to be hoped

man L. Daines, as we settled down that leprosy, the most dreaded of

Dr. Lyman L. Daines in his cheerful office to talk about all human diseases, stands on the

the most dreaded of all diseases. threshold of exposure by scientific

L. DAINES needs Dr. Daines knows what he says is investigation. JJR LYMAN

no introduction to the readers true, for he has recently returned '"PO fully appreciate the magniof the Improvement Era. As a from the National Leprosarium in tude of the work these two

member of the General Board of Louisiana, where he has been conmen are doing, it would be necesthe Y. M. M. I. A., his contribuducting extensive research work sary to go with them into a leper

tion to the success of the Mutual with leprosy, by appointment of hospital, and actually see the probwork is invaluable. He is, perhaps, the Government. lem they are attacking. It is no

best known to the members of the Dr. Daines'appointment as Spelittle undertaking for fine, clean

M. I. A. for the Adult Class cial Expert in Investigation in U. S. men willingly to go to a leper

Manual for the year 1930, of Public Health Service, a distinct colony, and work and live there,

LOhich Dr. Daines and Dr. A. L. honor, came about through years with only the glorious, unselfish

Beeley were coauthors. This of research with the socalled 'skindesire to alleviate the curse of the

Manual has received unsolicited lesion tuberculosis'in cattle. His most afflicted of all human sufrecognition from no less an authorwork in this field resulted in some ferers. Too much cannot be said

ity than Dr. Haven Emerson, Head very promising conclusions. The of such men, who work so untirof the School of Preventative first great step accomplished in this ingly for the good of others, with

Medicine, at Columbia University. line of investigation was the cultiso little to be gained for themselves.

Dr. Daines is Dean of the School vation of the organism causing soTo work in the field of bacteriof Medicine at the University of called bovine 'skinlesion tuberological research requires great courUtah, where he has given years culosis.'Up until this time, no age and perseverance, and demands

of faithful service. He also holds one had ever been successful in the extreme technical skill.

the distinguished position of Patheffort to induce this germ to grow "Mr. Austin deserves much

ologist at the L. D. S. Hospital. outside of its natural habitat. That praise and credit for the results so

In addition to his chosen profesalone was a great accomplishment, far obtained,"said Dr. Daines.

sion. Dr. Daines has excelled as but the results of this work did not "Had it not been for his faithful

author, lecturer, and last, but not end there. stickto-itiveness in his constant

least, as the devoted father of a fine During their work in this field, effort to cultivate these germs, we family. Dr. Daines and his coworker, Mr. would not be as far along in our

As a teacher, he has been a splendid Harold Austin, recognized the investigation as we are today."

influence in the lives of many hunstriking similarity between the reThis was the tribute paid by Dr.

dreds of students. No one who has action of the organisms causing Daines to his pupil and coworker.

ever worked under this kindly, symthese 'skinlesions'in cattle, and Mr. Austin is a graduate student

pathetic, appreciative, though exthose causing human leprosy. at the University of Utah, working

acting teacher, will ever forget him. So surprising were their findings, in the field of bacteriology. As a

We build monuments of stone to that the government Public Health project for his thesis for his some men, but to such men as Dr. Service invited them to continue Master's Degree, he was assigned

Lyman L. Daines, we erect them their investigations in the National the problem of inducing socalled

within our hearts. Leper Hospital near Carville, bovine 'skinlesion'tubercle bacilli

580 The Improvement Era for August, 1933

to grow under artificial stimulation, nature of the disease had changed disease, practically no danger is enwhich he has so painstakingly acin a specific manner described in countered.

complished. Dr. Daines, in his the Bible, then the "priest declared Perhaps the most significant

appreciative and modest way, gives him clean again."proof of the very slight possibility

much credit to his coworker, but Dr. Rogers and Dr. Muir, noted of contracting leprosy under norhad it not been for the years of Leperologists connected with remal hygienic living conditions, lies

previous research and exhaustive search in leprosy in the British in the fact that only four per cent study by Dr. Daines, there would Leper Hospital in India, in their of the nonleprous husbands and

have been no such problem to be book "Leprosy,"say: "There has wives, who have lived in properly

worked out. Both men deserve been much controversy regarding conducted leper colonies with their

much credit and high praise for the true nature of Biblical leprosy, leprous mates, have contracted the their unselfish service to mankind for the description of the disease as disease.

in the work they are doing. highly contagious, yet readily curvery little was "How did you feel about enterable, and producing the appearance DEFORE 1875,

ing the leper hopsital, and mingling of 'white as snow,'is very far from known even among the medical among the patients?"I asked Dr. being correct as applied to leprosy profession concerning the conDaines. as we know it, and it is generally tagion of leprosy. Doubtless many

"To the uninitiated, the work agreed that the 'zaraath'of the of the early volunteer workers in among the lepers seems extremely the leper colonies contracted the hazardous, but the result of years disease, largely through carelessness of constant observation of those and lack of knowledge about orcases under medical care, disproves dinary precautions. Among these.

the old theory and belief that Father Damien is a remarkable exleprosy is highly contagious. Unample. For years he worked pracder hygienic conditions, leprosy tically single handed among the

is not a serious menace to the genlepers of the Molokai Leper Settleeral public. It is only slightly ment. After twelve years of faithcontagious, and probably requires ful service, he contracted the disease

long, continued and intimate conwhich caused his death in 1889.

tact for the disease to be contracted. Even during the four years of his

Knowing this, of course I had no affliction, he continued his ministrafear of contracting the disease, even tions to the others so afflicted.

though I worked with the patients While Father Damien Is a splendid in every stage of leprosy,"was the example of self sacrifice for the good illuminating reply. of others, it is generally agreed that

In the past, the dread of any had be been more careful, his sacricontact with the leperous has made fice would not have been necessary.

research work with this disease exHowever, much credit should be tremely difficult. Doubtless, the given those early volunteer workpresent unwarranted fear of lepers in this cause, who, in their igrosy has largely resulted from norance, sacrificed their lives. By

stories found in the Bible, concernthis, there is no desire to discredit ing diseases called by this name. in any way the noble work of toVoicing the general opinion of the day. The removal of the constant

medical world today, Dr. Daines fear of almost certain contaminasaid that, "the leprosy spoken of "Lion face,"one of the stages tion, makes the work of the present

in the Bible is a very different of leprosyday attendant more positive. Those

disease from that now known as who care for the lepers, today, leprosy."Bible included a number of skin know that by following certain

diseases such as psoriasis as well as precautions they can handle the

TN Biblical times so little was leprosy. It is also a theory that very leprosy germs themselves

actually known of the ailments 'saraath'implied tabu rather than without fear of subsequent infecof the human body that perhaps a definite disease."tion.

many forms of skin diseases were Thus it is quite evident that the It was only sixtytwo years ago, called by the same name, and were greatest basis for the popular belief in 1871, that a Norwegian, G.

looked upon with the same abthat leprosy is highly contagious is Armauer Hansen, recognized the horrence and fear. not well founded. As proof of leprosy germ, but was unable to

A glance through the thirteenth this, in the thirtynine years, since cultivate it. Since that time, many

chapter of Leviticus reveals no less the leper hospital at Carville, unsuccessful attempts have been than eight different descriptions of Louisiana, was established, not one made to cultivate the leprosy ba- "leprosy."Only one of these in doctor, nurse, or any other atcillus for laboratory experimentaany way resembles leprosy as we tendant has contracted leprosy. tion. This is the precise mission

know it today. In most of these These attendants are constantly before Dr. Daines and Mr. Austin

socalled "leprous"conditions the mingling with the patients in every at the present time. Needless to

sufferer was pronounced "unclean"stage of the disease. Yet, by using say, the world awaits the outcome

for the period of seven days, when the same hygienic precautions of their work with intense interest.

he was again examined by the which would be employed in Doctors Rogers and Muir have "priest."If it was found that the handling almost any infectious this to say: "Although, more than

The Improvement Era for Augustf 1933 581

fifty years have passed since the tion of the bone, accompanied by typical skin lesion, in general, is as discovery of the lepra bacillus, we a shrinking of the flesh as the bones follows: A depigmented patch

have no certain proof that this recede. This often results in the appears. (By depigmented, is

organism has ever been cultivated. loss of toes and fingers, and fremeant, a reduction of the normal

No other organism has ever resisted quently even the hands and feet. skin coloring.) In the center of

the efforts of the bacteriologists so This is called the "anaesthetic type"this spot a red patch forms and long."of leprosy, socalled because of the gradually spreads, causing unsight-

"If you should be successful,"I accompanying loss of feeling. This ly nodules of various sizes, generasked, "just what would it mean?"loss of sensation frequently causes ally on the face and hands and

He smiled as he leaned across the patient unknowingly to injure other exposed parts of the body.

his desk, and took a book in his himself, by burning and cutting, These nodules cause swelling, often hand. As he turned the pages, he since there is no sense of pain. becoming ulcerated. This is really

replied: "It would mean that The other form of human lepwhat makes of it such a loathsome

curative measures could possibly be rosy is called the "skin"or "noddisease. If it continues long, undeveloped which are almost imular"type. It is usually in this checked, it frequently attacks the

possible in any other way. The form that leprosy first makes its eyes, often causing total blindness,

words of Drs. Rogers and Muir presence evident. Usually, one or and attacks the vocal organs, causin this book will best express just more skin lesions appear some place ing loss of voice.

how much our success in this proon the exposed portion of the the most baffling thingsject would mean to the leper. 'Unbody. The appearance of the /NE of

til we are able to cultivate the lepra about leprosy is that it will bacillus, it will be impossible to often lie dormant within the body make an absolute statement as to The Frontispiece for as long a time as forty years.

which cases are infectious and Other cases become evident within which are not. * * * Most cases, By ALICE MERRILL HORNE a few weeks or months after the

when they are first capable of being /I S this is being written A. B. Wright, individual has come in close contactdiagnosed, have not become infechead of the Art Department of the with it.

University is of Utah, again bak Antious their or associates. to a danger its is in painful Leprosy only France, which, years, for been his has* * if cases, treated early, * Most early stages, produces abnorbut loved painting summer ground; doubt nowill never infectious at all."become visit will he again disDarce"loss mality, function, "The where of and

he painted the subtle delightful sea and description of evasive figurement leprosy that(CONSIDERING is picture as Frontispiece for the shown Audisease. other and unattained in any gust is encounbeen recorded to have "Era."the "Boats on Bay"an

tered as early as 1350 B. C, and exquisitely painted color arrangement of The greatest suffering of the leper

rose against blues. reflection the anguish those of mental comes The fromthat practically nothing was known

sails rose in the bay or make, complete suffered realization in his that he until its cause cureconcerning and nice line a of beauty. quality of The is society. This an outcast from is itthe years, small last sixty seacraft, earth, sky, cloud shallow and

wonder that new developments are sea, each and all reflect Mr. Wright'. mental suffering, no doubt, is into searching creased response the drawing. slow by interest greatof to almost such

is Visit student. the a always exHe that the treatment, knowledge andeveryone. hibits to in be seen Salt City Lake and live for years before he some may "It exagsurprising that is not this painter's witness versatility. will He

arises will complication merwhich select street in scene a Moret whichgerated Old the regarding opinions contagiousness of leprosy have may reveal colored plastic walls, or shady cifully release him. Leprosy, itself,

recesses little cove well and always with causes death, but gradually seldom of sobeen long held in view the balanced selected well groupt and infinitely until the system weakens some orex- terrible deformities of face and of find pedestrians; interiors will of you

tremities brought about by it, and an old church, San German L Auxerrois, ganic trouble arises which does the mysteriously slow and insidwhose chancel and nave and lofty fretted cause death.

ceiling transfer to presence the of you estiIt is accurately to impossible the loathsome ious spread of little the old gothic the cathedral of Latin the in the of lepers mate number disease. unreasoning Nor is dread Quarter elegance, of with dignity, its sum

of leprosy by any means extinct and mystery. world, because of the relatively

even in the most educated races of You will find, too, old houses lining small number who are receiving incanals the towers of Bruges, the or church care. authority stitutional One as witnessed the world, by a recent lovely Villefranche, of the emerging from are avers that there about one milleper instance. ifito was brought delicate A hills greenery of on which low

court in the United States.;Slo the town, now French, now Italian has lion, while another equally recoggreat was the terror, that most of been builded; then, too, mark the colnized authority estimates that there

fishermen bright nets, quays, lugging lepers, are five million less than no present, judiorful 'the those including -filled lines sails long and of of wind each Africa India China, with and fled cial ermine,'room."from the at'e Ugher's crdft. there Then women

(Rogers and Muir.) with their riverside-wash days, little, reharboring at least one million.

Among people in general, there mote towns, and a whole green beflowered There are perhaps a thousand lepers country other hundred a and these, States. in the side,—these United Of are ideas concerning erroneous many

stir interest his quaint themes our and in the are isolated only about 375 it as true the disease nature of the his reveal paint, would we passion,—wellof National Leprosarium. affects the body. too. The human

popular opinion is, that leprosy So when school days are over and A, B. "Where are the rest of the

satisfy the to turns to Old Wright World I Daines. Dr. asked thousand?"flesh turns the "white and as snow"

its his storied passion paint to aniand are hiding, beof "Most them it lifeless, finally causing to drop bits, the wait longing with mated new, we isolated. fear cause of their of being is so. the not collection body. This from year, B. for this Wright A.

The sothought "dropping off"of 1933. The great pity is that many of

the extremities is rather an absorp- (Continued on page 612)

T*romise ofthe

Fay Morgan was citybred. She never could WHEAT By ISABEL NEILL

learn to love the unending acres of wheat as her light green. the the first in the of gold touch windhusband did. She longed

field field stirred it, theA:Sgreat the a yellow of young had become Thenfor city things—parties wheat rustled softly, as if it were sea, bright as the sun; a sea that

shimmered in folds like a green sea. taffy paleness. Then there hadandcomforts—butfine clothes Fayand citywas whispering secrets. It rippled and had faded, after a few days, to a

Fay Morgan, walking at the edge been hubbub of reapers and threshright at hearty as right as of the wheat on her way to the ers, and the stubble, bleached and the waving wheat. mailbox by the road, looked at it full of memories of what had been

with no appreciation of its fresh and what was to be when the beauty. She hated the wheat with brown waiting days of the winter

a strange and jealous hatred. The were over.

wheat came first with Frank. She Fay had been sure of herself that

was only second. first year and sure of Frank. She

When she had come to the ranch, saw the wheat as a means to an end.

five years earlier, she, too, had In another year or two, those thought the wheat beautiful. She golden harvests would take her and

had watched it eagerly that year. Frank back to the city, where she

Her expectant eyes had caught the had always lived, and where she first glimpse of the sharp green wished to live again.

spears stretching up through the brown loam. During the spring IHEY had been so

and summer she had seen the spears prosperous, those first easy years.

advance steadily, growing straight Wheat had been in demand, and and strong. She had thrilled with Frank had made plenty of money.

..x."*,

The Improvement Era for August, 1933 583

At the end of the second year, with the busy town, with her friends large check, and told her to go back a comfortable balance in the bank, about her and a constant movement to Mayville for a visit, to spend a

Fay had broached her plan. of gayety swinging on every side. good part of the long winter there.

"Let's go home to Mayville,"This Fay refused to do.

she had begged Frank. "We've OHE pleaded with "It would only make me displenty of money. You could start Frank. She wept. She lapsed into satisfied,"she told Frank. "If I

in business, and we could buy a sullen silences. But Frank was were to go there for the winter, I

lovely little place in some nice resiadamant. He bought more land, might never want to come back."

dential district. Do, Frank. We'd and improved the strains of wheat She had stayed on. In time,

be so happy."he was planting. But Frank was Frank hoped, she would become

But Frank had not answered at not ungenerous. He gave her a (Continued on page 621

once. His eyes had

strayed out to the "iVo, Fay,"he had answered slowly. "/ can't do it. I had thought

stubble, lying pale that I could, but I can't. These years have done something to me.

and bare in the OcGrowing wheat makes me feel that I am really worth while in the world.''

tober sunlight. And

his eyes were the eyes of a lover.

"No, Fay,"he had answered slowly. "I

can't do it. I had

thought that I could, but I can't. These

years have done something to me. Growing wheat makes me

feel that I am really worth while in the world. I am helping

to stay its hunger. I

must stay here. You

don't mind, do you.

Fay? They have been

such good years.

We've been so happy here, working together."

But Fay did mind, and said so. She

spoke bitterly of her loneliness, of the drudgery the keeping of a home entailed.

She wasn't used to it, and didn't like it. She

wanted to be back in Mayville, among the lights and glitter of

The Proposed New Building, University of London

English Universities London and the Newer Institutes By ARTHUR L. BEELEY, M.A., Ph.D.

of the best measures of TT is precisely this service which ONEa nation's greatness is the nnHIS article by a member of the British universities have range and quality of its the General Board of the rendered the Empire. Moreover,

universities. In them we see the M. I. A. will introduce our they have furnished a constant

importance which its people attach readers to the importance of stream of welleducated, technicto the higher learning and its purthe University in modern life. allytrained men and women who

suit. They are a symbol of a comIn doing so the author has reare collectively responsible for the

munity's strength and an evidence viewed the purposes and of its spiritual vigor. As Lord achievements of several great

Haldane once put it, "It is in uniEnglish Universities that have versities that the soul of a people been the "brains"of modern mirrors itself."society and the fountain

It is customary, nowadays, to springs of knowledge of the decry the rapid advances of material world about us.

culture; but it is too often forgotten

that there has been also a parallel of Spengler regarding "the inevigrowth in education on all fronts. table decline of the West."For

This, of course, makes the outlook not only are the universities of a for the future more hopeful, benation its chief conservators of cause education, when broadly conknowledge, they are also its best ceived, is the counterbalance of agencies for the discovery of new, material culture. scientific truth. They stand in the

It is because relationship organic of this growing to society emsame Charles Robert Darwin, D. D., F. R. S.,

phasis education as the brain does and its purupon; they to the body 18091892

of the artist, suit on the higher levels, that many are its thinking apparatus and its Hon.Repro'ducedJohn Collier,by specialand permissionNational Portrait of us cannot share the gloomy view inventing machines, so to speak. lery, London. GalThe Improvement Era for August, 1933 585

high standards of public service and parts of the world.

national life which are some of the distinguishing marks of British innp H I S historical fluence and culture. grouping of

The university movement in English universities

England is largely an achievement reveals two striking of the nineteenth century. It ranks facts: first, the exclusas one of the enduring accomplishive occupancy of the

ments of the Victorian era. It is field of higher educaseldom realized, for instance, that tion by Oxford and

only two of the twelve flourishing Cambridge for about universities in England and Wales five hundred years.

today were in existence about a Second, the sudden hundred years ago. rise and spread of the

newer institutions in These twelve institutions fall the nineteenth and historically into three groups. First, twentieth centuries.

the famous "old"universities of How are these facts

Oxford and Cambridge established explained?

in the Middle Ages. Second, The unique inLondon and Durham, founded in fluence of Oxford and

the 1830's during the period of Cambridge can be unthe Reform Movement. Third, derstood, of course,

the remaining eight (with the exonly with reference to ception of Wales, whose federation the general university of four constitutent colleges was movement in Western chartered as a university in 1893), Europe which had its belong in their present form to the origin in the Midtwentieth century: Birmingham, dle Ages with the

1900; Bristol, 1909; Leeds, 1904; rise of the staLiverpool, 19 3; Manchester, dia generalia, those

1903; Reading, 1926; Sheffield, centers of instruction in the higher Jeremy Bentham, 17481832

one Bentham, of Figure Jeremy of It1905. should added, be howof learning established branches College, London, by founders Oxford of all inever, the the ten of case of gilds. the scholastic These gilds head. By the his actual mumified and

newer institutions, that the foundwere usually spontaneous groups of terms of his will he is present "in essentiallying the the university of meeting at was annual each of students of person"teachers—many college.a recognition or of expansion an of sheer out pertnission The special of by Reproduced them foreign—who,and or colleges constituentone more Jeremy Institute, Cambridge, Orthological from necessity, for organized themselves

England. London, Ogden, C. K. by Bentham in already existence beenwhich had selfprotection against extortion

five fifty years. toanywhere from other and the annoyances from

universities, rise the early of The is It in local of note passing worthy townspeople. these of Many dissatis- a represented also uniScotland four license has received a however, famous groups a from of range the faction narrow with later Glasgow, or Andrews, king became and a popethatversities—St. the instruction provided monby firstAberdeen title, the and generally Edinburgh, quite the by known that schools of astic cathedral andthree of universitas which were et founded scholby magistrovum

Paris of University period. Thepapal edict in the fifteenth century. arium. of Bologna, The University

re- a part, arose, in out of such University for instance, estabEdinburgh the was twelfth founded in lished in the sixteenth century. Its century, had its origin in just such action. It was founded in the

the thirteenth century became and attractsfamous medical school an association. now the of and for Oxford model many allstudents teachers and from

other universities in Europe.

Thus, by the close of the Middle

Ages, a university was a society of teachers and students devoted to the higher learning. It was, in fact,

a corporate body enjoying broad powers and privileges, including the right to confer degrees. The

founders of these institutions were, for the most part, the radicals of that period and their followers included persons of various nationalities and all shades of religious belief and political persuasion.

Many of them were impecunious, but they suff"ered no disability on

John Stuart Mill "The Saint of that account.

Rationalism,"18061873 painting by G. F. Watts, by permission Like most of the other medieval Joseph Baron Lister 18271912 From

By permission Oxford University Press. National Portrait Gallery, L<fndon. universities, Oxford and Cam586 The Improvement Era for August, 1933

bridge soon succumbed to the domiof social change that we can underthe "defenders of the faith"who nation of the church. For centuries, stand the rise of the newer institucountered, two years later, by the

in fact, it was their chief aim to tions, led by London, and the establishment of King's College, train men "fit to serve God in renaissance of higher education where it was provided that "inChurch and State."As late as the which their creation brought about. struction in the doctrines and duties

beginning of the nineteenth century of Christianity as taught by the the religious tests limited admission npHE actual turningpoint in the Church of England should be forand graduation to members of the history of English higher ever combined with other branches

Church of England. education coincides with the estabof useful education."

lishment of University College, It was for the purpose of proIV/rOREOVER, the expense of an London, in 1826. viding these two rival institutions

education at Oxford and Thomas Campbell, the poet, with an examining body, empowCambridge shut out all but the impressed by what he had just seen ered to confer degrees, that the real wealthy. The curriculum, even in of the German universities, parUniversity of London came into

the modern period, existence in 1836 by stressed the classical Royal Charter from subjects and matheWilliam the Fourth.

matics to the exclusion It was charged "to of the natural sciences hold forth to all classes and modern languages. and denominations of

Little attention was our faithful subjects also paid to training without any distincfor the law or medition whatsoever, an cine, with the result encouragement for purthat these educational suing a regular and duties were gradually liberal course of edutaken over by the Inns cation."Originally,

of Court and the Royal however, only students

Colleges of Physicians from University and and Surgeons. King's Colleges were

So that at the beadmissible to the exginning of the nineaminations for the teenth century, Oxford University's degrees. It

and Cambridge were was not long, however, chiefly concerned with until all of the degrees the education of "gentlemen"for William Etvart Gladstone, 18091898 (except in medicine) were thrown contribuunique Oxford's "One of preall candidates open topublic who eminent tions large is the number of examinafor the sented themselvesistry. it has produced."life,To politicsquote SirandCharlesthe min-G. statesmen

Robertson, ViceChancellor of Birtions, irrespective of the college in mingham University, "they had ticularly the newlycreated Uniwhich they had done their work.

come to be the endowed preserve of versity of Berlin, wrote a letter to This system of examining "ex- a class; they were not in the main The Times in 1824, proposing a ternal"students from institutions

stream of national life, and except university for London. The sugnot affiliated with the University

in so far as they influenced the govgestion was at once favorably re- (chiefly those in the provinces and erning class, counted for little in ceived. Indeed, all sorts of people some in the Dominions) is still in

effect today. While it is, of course,national development. In one rallied to the enterprise—Whigs,sphere, however, they were and radicals, the bitter critics of Oxford open to many serious objections,

it nevertheless enables the Uniremained supreme—the National

a versity to exercise of London result thatChurch."and and others—withCambridge, thethe Benthamites

During this period Great Britain University College opened its doors powerful influence in standardizing had crossed the threshold into a to students in 1828. the work of these unaffiliated instinew social and economic era. FolIt was the aim of the founders tutions. Degrees earned out of

lowing on the heels of the Into build a university in the Metropresidence are designated "external"dustrial Revolution there was a olis capable of providing a subdegrees and are not quite of the rapid increase in the population, a stantial education in all branches, same social value of those "inrapid growth of cities with a conincluding the new sciences (e. g., ternal"degrees earned by students

sequent rise of the "middle"classes. chemistry) and modern languages, in residence at the University.

New bodies of knowledge in and available to all who could it, irrespective of creed, profitscience, the close of the nineteenth technology by and the arts sex. class, race recor At a time for universitywere clamoring when BYcentury the University of Lonognition. It was inevitable, therethe doors of Oxford and Cambridge don had become a throughgoing

fore, during such a period of flux, were closed to Dissenters and Jews, academic organization of all the thatism—thethe searchlightnew philosophyof utilitarianof the and their curricula limited largely important teaching and research

all was, indeed, a radical departure. Acts of Parliament, chiefly thoseday—should be focussed upon to the classics and mathematics, this agencies in the Metropolis. Several

existing institutions and their The opening of Unversity Colof 1898 and 1924, have facilitated weaknesses exposed. lege, London, as a nonsectarian its growth and reconstitution,

It is only on such a background institution was a direct challenge to (Continued on page 614)

HAND CART TRAIL By Harrison R. Merrill

President George Albert Smith at Martin's Cove.

Photo by H. R M

We Must JSot Forget Robert Robin, setting the plaque in the Martin's Cove Marker.

"And we hear the desert singing

Carry on, carry on, carry on!

Hills and vales and mountains ringingCarry on, carry on, carry on!"

SEVENTYSEVEN years ago and their rearguard? With eyes of the streams, the fowl of the air,

on the fifteenth of July, set upon the western horizon the the countless herds of buffalo, the

Captain James G. Willie and handcarters began their journey in deer, the antelope, and the elk?

a large company of handcart imjoy. In the most part they were Unfortunately, however, the

migrants left Iowa City for Salt converts from Europe who had handcarts which had been proLake Valley, and about two weeks pictured for weeks this great advided for the immigrants had been later Captain Edward Martin led venture. too hastily constructed for such a

a similar group out toward the To us, used as we are to swift lengthy journey. Many of the

West despite the fact that both had transportation, those people appear wooden axles were not even seabeen warned that the season was to have been beside themselves. We soned, and the leather boxes soon

too far advanced for such a lengthy must remember, however, that the gave trouble. As the Saints apjourney. With hearts filled with drop from the ox, or even the horse proached the rough terrain near

high faith eager to reach Zion, the team to the handcart, was not so the mountains the vehicles became promised land, the Saints could not great as from the auto. Those who rickety and practically unservicebe dissuaded from the journey. drove ox teams walked practically able. Delays were caused by the

In the middle of July with the all the way. Poor, without funds repairs which had to be made besun scorching hot, who could picand with little property, why could fore the companies could proceed.

ture severe winter weather three they not walk all the way when the Two or three contingents of months away? Besides, was not Lord had prepared an abundance handcart pioneers had reached the

the Lord with them, their vanguard of food along the trail in the fish valley of the Great Salt Lake in 588 The Improvement Era for August, 1933

safety, but the illfated Willie and Martin companies pany perished after they left the Platte and in that were not so fortunate, little Cove, and thirteen of the Willie company were

Winter set in early in the year 1856. As a result found dead on a single morning from the bitter cold

there are two especially tragic spots on the Old and were buried in one large grave along with two

Mormon Trail which will be connected forever with others who died during the day.

this great trek. Fortunately, out in Utah were men who

The one is Marwere well acquainted with the mountains and tin's Hollow or with travel. When the winter came early grave

Cove; the other is concern was felt for the handcart immigrants

Rock Creek. and preparations were made to send rescue

AN early OcpartiesFranklinoutD.toRichards,meet them.DanielFortunately,Spencer, Cyrustoo,

tober snow- E. Wheelock, George D. Grant, and William

storm caused the H. Kimball, returning from Europe, had passed

Martin party, at the belated companies upon the trail. Upon

that time dragarriving in Salt Lake Valley they reported the ging its weary condition of the immigrants and returned to way up along the succor them. (See "Popular History of Utah,"

Sweetwater River by Whitney, p. 113.)

i n Wyoming It is probable that practically the entire Marabove Indepentin company and a very large percentage of the dence Rock, to Willie company would have perished had not seek shelter in a rescuers from the Valley found them as soon cove admirably as they did, for as has been said, more than 140 situated in the of the Martin company perished. Fortunately,

side of the granite the weather moderated when the companies had ridge which reached the western side of Old South Pass.

forms the northTo mark these two tragic spots and two ern boundary of other historical locations, a caravan consisting the Sweetwater of a number of cars and between thirty and

Valley. Wading forty people, under the guidance of Elder

the icy stream, George Albert the tired, homeSmith, president s i c k, suffering \ of the Utah PioSaints struggled neer Trails and up into this cove Landmarks Assosheltered to some ciation, left Salt extent on three Lake City on sides and beside a June 21. In the

tiny spring, party was John pitched camp. D. Giles, secretary

Using fry pans of the association, and tin plates, his father and for they had no family, and a shovels, they number of other cleared the snow descendants of away as best they the pioneers incould and pitched cluding Don Cartheir meager los Young, a son tents. Beyond of Brigham

m. Vpper: a ri gh B at stretchedthem and Young,

grandYoungs son and least a month of and Lillic Alma at the the sons on marker travel at the rate Big Sandy, Clayton Wolsthey were able to Center: Marker at tenholme, a son

in good Martin'sgo even: Lowerweather. Without Cove.M a r ker at Williamand a daughterClayton,of Creek. Rockdoubt many resecretary to Pressigned themselves Photo by Giles. ident Brigham

to a bitter fate. Young, composer

Beyond at of "Come, Come Rock Creek, more Ye Saints"and than a hundred author of one of miles distant, the Captain Willie company was sufthe most complete journals kept by any of the pioneers.

fering in like manner, except that at Rock Creek the The group went first to Old Fort Bridger, stopping elevation is much greater, and, consequently, the nights at various markers and historical spots enroute. At

must have been much colder. the Fort upon the arrival of the caravan, work of

More than one hundred forty of the Martin commarking a section of the old wall constructed by the

The Improvement Era for August, 1933 589

Mormons in 1855 was begun. nished a quarter of beef for the Once more Mr. Rodin set to work

Robert Rodin and Cannon Young, camp and Mr. Clifford Eyre, of finishing up the job of setting the

a grandson of Brigham Young, Rawlins, had a trailer on the marker.

were the chief workmen. ground loaded with tools and On the following morning in a

The party was joined at Fort drinking water. brief ceremony presided over by

Bridger by H. Melvin Rollins, The services at the monument Leonard Love, a descendant of the

president of Lyman stake, who and at the bonfire that evening first pioneers, the dedication was had been placed in charge of prewere conducted by John D. Giles. performed by Elder Henry E. Giles.

paring the various markers. Henry E. Giles, the veteran violinAt Old Fort Bridger a bonfire ist, added much to that occasion, as NCE more the caravan moved

party was held at which several well as to all occasions along the on, this time over Old South descendants of the pioneers spoke way, by playing his violin and Pass, though now the road misses and various pioneer songs were singing some of the old pioneer the actual pioneer trail by a few sung. Don Carlos Young told an songs. miles, and on to Big Sandy, where

interesting story illustrating a phase From the Tom Sun Ranch, after the third marker was dedicated.

character theof This one father. '""''""""'""v<ft"? *r *i?'"hisof spot marks the

npHE followthenear whichLittleon ing mornSandy Briging the caravan ham Young left for the for the first Tom Sun time met the ranch on the famous trapSweetwater per, Jim Bridnear Independger, and was ence Rock told by the where the secscout that the ond camp was valley of the to be made and Great Salt where the Lake was vis- b ited by frostmonument Photo marking the Martin Ravine event Vtcth and Wyoming Officials at the Old practically every month of the year was awaiting the plaque which Mormon Wall, Fort Bridger and that he would give a thousand

President Smith was carrying with dollars for the first bushel of corn him. Upon reaching the Sweet- a brief visit to Independence Rock which could be grown there.

water it was found that Elias S. and to Martin's Cove, the caravan During the ceremony President

Woodruff, president of the Western sped up the Sweetwater and over George Albert Smith told a story hills the sageclad Creek, to Rock son, sonin-law, hisStates Mission, left experience which his of own is little that following a road immissionaries, of his hadand several little of those in the minds doubt erected a splendid monument of proved since the Saints traveled present that Bridger did make such granite boulders. Mr. Rodin, an over it more than a half century a remark, even though the idea has

expert rock cutter, set to work ago. At the Lewiston Mines Mr. been scouted by some historians.

placing the plaque. Despite the Charles Jackson joined the group The dedicatory prayer was ofefforts to delay the work put forth and led the way to Rock Creek fered by Willis J. Lyman of Lyby swarms of gigantic mosquitoes, with its lonely and temporarily Wyoming, descendant of the

the plaque was soon well anchored marked grave contammg its many;orc

'to the monument. The company was now leading The road The for supthen on to the ranch went the caravan moved and wild iris were in bloom. homeward

per. Mr. Jackson declared that on every q p g-

At 8 o'clock the group returned Decoration Day since he has loprogram was held to the monument for the dedication cated the grave, he has decked it Saturday evening on the historic with those wonderful meadow unveiledceremonies. by It was ground. following morning The

flowers. andMrs. Wolstenholmc was dedithe participated the group with

cated by Alma Clayton, son of Camp was soon pitched on what State of Wyoming in dedicating been the spot where ClaytonWilliam who passed as exact1 a ivJldj -p.rort n/iJDridger have \Tr'ti'that mustr ofstate -vpark tents. set Willie Captain his own first pioneer companyway in the J. President and Grant Heber

about July 9, 1847, and whose Just below was the old trail still George Albert Smith both spoke mother was with one of the first plainly visible after these many on the program. At the concluyears, scarcely though pioneers. of handcartcompanies ceremonies, if ever used sion of the Wyoming

tragic that October. beside the since stands The monument over the crowd moved to the Old

highway about a mile from MarLyman Fearn and his assistant Mormon Wall where the plaque tin's Ravine which can be seen had provided a huge boulder for was unveiled by Mary and Leilah across the river. the bronze plaque which had been Wood, and Lucille Pratt Giles.

Mr. Sun's reception was warm brought in from Salt Lake City by The dedicatory prayer was offered

and hospitable. He, his sons, his Edwin Q. Cannon, son of George by President George Albert Smith.

wife, sister, and mother were all Q. Cannon and president of the Four markers were set up and

hearty in their welcome. He furcompany which makes the plaques. {Continued on page 63 9)

"Bou/derTHE CITY BY

WU'iif THE DAM By "Don't call it a model city"Sims Ely, city manager tvarns HARVE BUNTIN the visitor.

in the ilies, the age of the city average city desert found men a model may beRUNNING Statisticians have each being Sunday. churches wellfilled 33 years. politics, without crime,

the birthrate as yet been developed spirit determined not has A civic or unemployment, graft these to other in average comparison at lifts the Boulder above is that at Boulder of supervisors the the at says gathered Ely towns, but been Manager have people who accomthey City, taskNevada—and high. rate is phenomenally

plish their job efficiently. For these reasons, and because

"Don't call it a model city,"the often ugly problem of intraSims Ely, city manager, warns the city politics and the corruption that visitor. "It's just a superexcellent sometimes mires other larger and

construction camp for Hoover smaller communities is decidedly

Dam."Despite the admonishment, lacking, this new city may be called

is a model communCity Boulder form a "model."inhabitants ity. Its 6,000

larger population than many incorBoulder City is situated on a porated cities, especially in the Federal reservation. The DepartInterior plans the and ment of system, school complete West. A the the future of the city and sewerguides and water modern hospital,

age system, electric lights, telegraph Bureau of Reclamation carries out office, telephone exchange, theatre, the program. The Bureau's constores, shops and a railroad are struction engineer. Walker R. only of is in charge not Young, community. this at new found project. city engineering the the but Boulder permit should facts Those

is Ely, Sims Young Mr. Under cate- "city"the fit under City to borcity manager. was Mr. Ely

gory. the Federal Land Bank rowed from this existence of years its two In job. for the California, Berkeley, in carefully but hastily city that was

is executive of a business wide He sagebrush sandy, on constructed States, experience being in Western a never had has wastes, covered in the Intermountain wellknown minor few but and crime major City Ely, Manager Sims areas. Ely Southwestern Mr. and fact the is of spite in ones. This

is at in public of charge works crimof known are there men that departincluding the City, from for Boulder the "Big Job"Boulder depths the in working records inal lights, streets, water, of from ments in the state and Union every gigantic the where Black Canyon of sites in gardening. landscaping Panaand construction He distant bewedged will be Hoover dam of also other supervises the departments a dozen and the Sudan ma, walls. precipitous the tween rivalry public enforcements, education, keen outposts. far law flung A orare families City's Boulder business health, operafinance Boulder and between has up grown their own maintain derly. They for tions its Young. Mr. nearest Vegas, Las City and rented houses small neat, in homes

to them by their employers, Six neighboring community. Boulder

Companies, Inc., builders of the men and women delight in vieing A LL of Boulder's principal streets

city imfor any with Las Vegas resiare asphalt; paved with dam.

latter the even though provement oil streets are surfaced dential with is some 27 years the senior. treated gravel and curbing and side- A BAROMETER of the type of city

"residents that populate this Boulder is a city of young famwalks are of concrete.

.

The Improvement Era for August, 1933 591

Panorama of Boulder City. Colorado River flows through mountains in the background.

Big things are done in a big way. Read this story of a mushroom city and marvel at the ways ojmsnwho tackle big enterfrises

TXATER is taken from the Consumers pay the Government a with ornamental steel standards

Colorado River, eight miles trijfiing fee for the water, based on carrying lights of 6,000 lumens distant, and lifted 2,025 feet for cost of treatment and pumping. brilliancy. Most of the homes are

use in Boulder City. The water, Electric power is carried to equipped with electric refrigeratorsat first muddy and sluggish—"too Boulder City over a two hundred and other appliances.

plow"—engineersthick to drink andsay—istoo thin to mile transmission line from CaliLandscaping is strongly stressed settled fornia power plants. This same in this model city. Many of the

in hig tanks, chlorinated and softline will carry back part of the residential streets are rimmed with ened. When ready for use it is power generated when the dam is elms and evergreens; lawns surclear, pure and sparkling as when completed. The power now enround public buildings; residences

it first started its trip to the sea tering Boulder is sold to the Govhave their own gardens planted by from the springs and snows of the ernment and retails to the conthe tenants. Some of them cling

Rockies.high cost sumer at plus maintenance little to orthodox standards—a

streets two million gallon tank expense. The are outlined lawn, A a few wellplaced shrubs and

serves the city through a complete trees. Others gain pleasure in exsystem of mains and service pipes. Relief Map of Boulder Country perimenting with desert vegetation;

592 The Improvement Era for August, 1933

and several have developed unique is patrolled day and night by who will operate the dam and and interesting yards through the officers. All cars, whether they power house, and those independent

use of cactus and other plants contain workmen or visitors are merchants who will stay to cater to native to the surrounding desert. stopped and inspected. Persons the wants of the comparatively

When the Government first laid with business in Boulder City are small group.

plans for Boulder City, the needs provided with passes; tourists are Boulder City, despite the shrinkof the school system remained to required to register at the police age which is certain to come with

be determined. For the first year station and report their exit when the completion of the dam, will

of the city's history, private teachleaving the reservation. never become a "ghost city"like

ers opened subscription schools in In this manner, and through a those which already dot our westwhatever tent or building Six Comcomplete card reference system inern states. A small community

panies was able to provide at the dicating the history of everyone will, in all probability, continue to time. The instructors received employed on the project, the authrive. Many of the houses may

small tuition fees from the parents thorities at all times know who is be abandoned and moved away;

and utilized what books and supin the construction area and why. some of the streets may cease to

plies they could teem with life, scrape together. but the "heart"

Finally Congress of the city will appropriated continue its beat.

$70,000 for a It will continue school building to be the "City and equipment, by the Dam."

but no money In the meanwas provided to time, out on the employ educators. desert where, beIn the autumn of f o r e engineers

1932 the school conceived the idea building was of putting the completed but mighty river to was staffless. Six work there was

Companies and but a barren, sunBabcock and baked slope, this

Wilcox, the latter modern little city as contractors for will continue to steel penstocks to bustle along effibe used in the ciently and comuntil Job"is Chapel, Boulder placently the a total Latterday Saint "Big donated construction,dam

City years. in four completed more operation. for schoolof $24,200

Fourteen teachers were selected from -<ig<i>ji> < a list of 300 applicants. Only Workmen who appear at the gate

after intoxicated spent a payday experience was pastthose whose in Dr.JainesE.Talmage

off Vegas, paid Las are promptly scholastic whose broadest andthe standings and abilities were the and expelled from the reserve. Passes

makers, trouble Others who are Boulder's chosen.highest were of this proofs the last number or A S are also crimes petty who commit operation into systemschool went to the ready back were to go

ejected. the other In popuwords the end before pupils and 700with that James Dr. came word

be, lation of City can and printer, Boulder hundred another semester theof of Elsie father Tal- E. Talmage,

is, virtually hand picked. classes. attendingwere editor associate of Brandley, mage

Agitators who would carry inThe Improvement Era and one of enforcement is under the citing creeds among the workmen the best friends Church publicaare at the gate. barred Some of a police departof passed control ever had, had tions haveUAWdirect

the more persistent who approach experienced First at his of men home, 304 composedment away the reservation rough from the civil service a rigid Avenue.who have passed the side of on the Arizona officers are country Theseexamination. Dr. Talmage had been away

also deputy United States marshals river are soon singled out by the from his office only a few days espionage in use system in cases police to act the are empowered not end came.and when No one, forces and among the work reservation realized the federal that his his physician,outside are even

which contains Boulder City and quickly ousted. illness might prove fatal although

the dam site. There are no "speakGambling, despite its legality in he had been ailing for some time

easies"in the city and it is the duty Nevada, is not condoned within the and had made remarks which inof police to keep liquor dealers reservation. dicated that he had some premoniweeded from mushroom road tion of an early demise.

houses that occasionally spring up pOLLOWING the completion of The Improvement Era next at the edge of the reserve. Hoover dam the contractors'month will carry an article about

A gate across the highway from forces will be withdrawn and the Dr. Talmage. The brief story of

Las Vegas is the only easily accesremaining people will consist of his life may be had in the July, sible entrance to the reservation and the government maintenance crews 1932, number of the magazine.

In this article you will be introduced to

The Idtah <LArt "Barn By LUCILE ROGERS MARSHALL

love art has Art Bam, Salt Lake City of quite appropriately ment was bornUTAH'S at meeting an alumnae of Chi Delta increasing glowed with vigor since it first blossomed thusiasm to groups of art promotPhi, a national university fraternlater. ity organization for the purpose ofamong the hardships of the pioneer ers who came

desert, and is flowering today in a The art center at Springville fostering fine arts. It was here

rich and mature expression, the partook of this unique heritage and that Mrs. John Jensen, in response

Utah Art Barn. Utah has been developed as a natural expression to a stimulating discussion of the

unique in its development; its citiof the same Utah temperament evicommunity's need of an art center,

zens have always, even in their denced in the art activities of our advanced some of the unique sugmost arduous struggles against the forefathers. It is this heritage of gestions which have constituted the

elements, guarded a place in their enthusiasm for beauty which has success of the present project. And

lives for artistic 'expression. Early prepared the way for the present although these suggestions were not

settlements gave evidence of their realization of a longing and a need. in the main adopted by the comculture not only through schools Our pioneering is wellnigh mittee appointed at this meeting to

and churches erected beside their over; our gardens are planted; our promote such an undertaking, they

increasing in vigor with factories shops, and houses but through are built—we the of Jensen. Mrs. mind A year to maintain theatres as societies well. Musical

l/ater, therefore, them—onlyhave nowat thisbut persistedor since the so Chi

voiced this love of beauty, and stage does a community find adeDelta Phi group had failed to many present day citizens of Salt quate time for enjoyment of art. achieve its purpose, she revived her

Lake Valley remember a symphony We are entering upon a new era idea and enlarging its scope to civic orchestra, remarkable for its time, when our culture shall be emproportions set about its achievewhich thrilled its public and formbodied in charming mediums and ment.

ed the nucleus of later musical preserved for future generations.

organizations. All of these venThe dawning of this new era is symjV/TRS. JENSEN'S plan was, in

tures, even when they disbanded, bolized in Utah's new art center. brief, a plan for housing and

left a legacy of experience and enThe idea underlying the move- (Continued on page 615).

Lovely How

Touf/i

HE tall boy knotting you want it to or not. It affects Tell Carol hello for me, won't

his blue silk tie at the mirror did different people different ways. But your

never He bent and kissed her.not look happy. I know one thing—you're "Robin,"a voice came to him the same again."

"I Robin."know, "before you room, anotherfrom UTSIDE it was o always know, don't the here on "You out you comego will he colder than had thought. The you? porch?"sun rustled leaves blew, dry and and wistful. eyes were "You Her Mother.""Yes, trees scraped skeletons of the and acseem, to bigger me. look You while you twice called "Carol rattled in the wind. smokycolored

a half head, tually, to have grown see Grandfather."to were down a white broken was moon The are broad, so shoulders your and she?""Did floor saucer of china the dark on Honestly, so yet. you're brown. her and called haven't "You it bits carelessly sky, of with swept

as Indian. an you're Robin, brown you?"have stars. the to about make

I that. idea,: know, you an had right now."over going "I'm girl, fine a Carol he mediwas look a bookkeeperish hair. you'd have his dark over his ran handHe tated, as he along. She'd walked 'I don't car, home, came you the use to when 'Did want you fine a as be wife. almost She was all pale, your with but why, know Son?"tall as all himself, white and and

'little your stooped, I a shoulders and thought thanks. Mom. "No gold, except for her blue eyes and a of sort chest hollow, maybe and I'd walk."eyelashes fingerblack pink and laughed. racking She cough."little little, a two was There nails pinkish Carol and mouth. for beaucared been you've "But foreboy's the lines, smooth on fine all girl, a right, a lovely was tifully."for looked, leaned and head. He girl, deal great a thought he and too. laughed, He the of window, out minute, brief a her. of nicest the been She'd kind a like lad, dear look, "You my overcoat his and gathered he then of person to to be engaged while to the used god, one you young porch. to sun the out went hat and one was home. There from away tell Greek. took about you when me her looked from up mother His a hadn't that didn't been she week Apollo. his name? was What book. little write, or send thing some him his eyes?"color were What

girl, is sweet letters that he a very needed. Her "Carol had goldcolored."of kind "Maybe

Robin,"she said softly. "I hope "Yours are blue, so you're the been sweet and encouraging.

she's the girl for you."And then, best looking."She twinkled at She'd be a fine wife, "simply

"How does it feel to be home again him. "I've never seen any goldswell,"the boys had said when

after so long?"colored ones. Have you?"Queer he'd shown them her picture. His

life neatly, be wisely would manperfect, it's I think sort of conversation—aged, neatly, a wisely tucked into I don't and once. did "I "Sometimessometimes—well, They were lovely."big white house green shades with the what's I don't know know. looked up quickly. mother His at the windows. thought, He I feel like a gypsy me. matter with

that the eyes Robin, "I suppose, queerly, that probably he would feel inside. and to go I want must

to old a very you saw belonged have to eat spinach, deal of a good to sleep and go. I want go and

wake in queer places."He flung man with white whiskers?"because that was good for him.

himself down in a chair. "The He smiled. "They belonged to When a woman loved a man she

last two years have been among the a redheaded girl in bright blue always saw to it that he got what happiest in my life. I loved the pajamas. I might tell you about was good for him. Carol did love

work, and meeting new faces, and her when I come home, and I might him.

getting new ideas. An absence does not. Will you be up?"He walked faster, with his head

something to you. Mom, whether "Yes,"she said, "I'll be up. down in the cold wind that had

The Improvement Era for August, 1933 595

By ARDYTH KENNELLY Sprunga silly up.name.That Jennifer.girl * * * Onlyhad

(Author of "Sixteen Sings") when you thought about it and thought about it, it got very pretty.

That late afternoon in May when he'd found their place she'd been asleep on the porch, in wide blue things, with funny little blue feet. He'd been This time it is Hobin and Jennifer and slippers on her

astonished at all her red hair that

Carol and Richard. * * * That makes a went in curls and heaped -up waves,

quadrangle y doesnH it and not a triangle? incredibleand at her brownbrowngoldskin, andeyelashes.at her

When she'd sat up and looked at him, he'd been amazed at the gold color of her eyes.

"I'm lost,"he said.

"That's very nice."Her voice

made you think of ripe fruit and very clear cold water and a little girl singing.

"It's not nice at all. It gives

you an odd feeling."

"I've been lost often, in all kinds of places. It doesn't,"she said,

"give me xn odd feeling."

;;Doesn't it?"

"No. I just find somebody and

say, 'Hi, there, can you tell me where I am?'and they do, and

then I get straight again very fast,""Hi, there,"he said, "can you tell me where I am?"

oHE laughed up at him, which did something very lovely to her eyes and mouth.

"You're at Green Towers, and everything around for miles and miles belongs to my father. Except

me. I belong to myself. And you.

You belong to yourself, too, I guess."She pushed a small bench toward him and he sat down. "I don't

belong to myself at all,"he said, "because nobody does, really. You

don't.""You must be,"she said, looking hard at him, "something quite wonderful. You're too very much,

goodlooking to be an Insurance

Agent.""I'm a kind of Insurance Agent."She tucked her hair back of hsr

She laughed up at him, ears with two little hands and which did something veryleaned back. "Are you?"

lovely to her eyes and mouth. "Yes, in a way."

"You're Towers, at Green and "How nice. Looks are deceiving. everything around for miles

and miles belongs to my What do I look like?

father. savage, I belong Except me. I think.""Oh—a

you. to myself. And You cannibal, perhaps. "A A deto belong too, yourself, I vourer of people."

guess.""If you were very hungry and they were small and sweet."He

smiled at her.

(Continued on page 634) "This Snvisibk World

Allow Dr. Thomas L. Martin agronomist and bacteriologist of BrigOf Ours

ham'Young University to introduce

By you to This Invisible World of Ours?

THOMAS L. MARTIN

invisible world about us appear like large boulders several THEis teeming with living feet in thickness. The majority of

things, called microbes. the stones would look just like the

botthe in of pieces quartz found peoto "microbe"many word The or a bed. of stream tom Gummy that is believe they for repulsive, ple

colloidal as substances gluey known with are synonymous microbes the around be found matter would disease. sickness man and When particles, these of and majority

in stage the emerging from was of scattered the mass throughout ugly believed, they were "Microbes, all illness that believed he which pieces of animal be rocks would tiny animals."shaped or of to the wrath due God was completely remains, plant some and a there were Satan, of the malice

so, lookpartially others decayed, beneficially controlled or used be declared souls courageous who few like partially decayed large ing is is satisfying. the information So caused midisease by that was forests. seen in logs so commonly the which about microorganisms believed, they crobes. Microbes,

little bacteria of Millions would live in milk. in These water and animals tiny shaped, ugly were

as fro to scurrying be and though vital to yet are foods man, two if would enough, magnified which, mission. important bent upon some for favorable constitute they homes tentacles, large possess to be shown plants held roots small the of The bacteria. bad and good both An eyes searching would which big and little hairs place in root the by the of and awareness numbers contact into with the lead animal clinging tenaciously to the neighthe a of kinds, knowledge and how it tear could where the body human as large rocks, appear boring would bacthe water milk be and may deposit pieces or to some person the pushing poles gradually telephone is as teriologically for good men bring slowly would which poison soil their the through whole way to contributes knowledge which disease to and the body down the mass, water drinking found up welfare. man's instinctdeath. wonder man No air the spaces the in various between to Space, one compels however, centuries for ively shudders when stones. injust this of phase examine one the associated "miword has he

is found The action of these growing crobe"with such a picture. visible world—that which

soil. this in in the microbes The arrest attention. roots our would fact, a between matter only of As fine, docile are mostly medium tip of notice that the would We have species of microbes 40 and 30 creatures intimately which, when a the root root provided with was are causative which found been feeling a rouse of wonder known, like a cap something doughboy's disease. in There factors human repulsion. rather of than It hat. the large aside push would never are have thousands which

been known to cause any disease, CUPPOSE we try to imagine boulders and go in a definite path and thousands more which work what a cubic inch of soil would according to the direction given it for the good of man. An acquaintlook like if it were enlarged to a by the back part of the root. If

ance with microbes in their various cubic mile, and that we stand off we watched long enough we would environments impresses man with and observe its nature. We would see this root cap gradually sluffed

the wonders of the invisible world. notice the following: The little off and left behind and a new cap

To know what microbes exist in particles of rocks and minerals that would take its place. New root

the air and to know how they may make up the bulk of the soil, would hairs develop behind the root and

The Improvement Era for August, 1933 597

the older hairs are left behind to move to new quarters. The presno plants, and consequently no

perform another service. ence of this ammonia becomes atanimal or human life. Without

These roots have a great amount tractive to a third party, which these little friends of ours the earth of company. Millions and milthrives upon the ammonia and would be practically lifeless.

lions of little microorganisms, as changes it to nitrite compounds. This subject of soil microbimany as nine hundred million to Immediately the power of smell or ology is very important to man,

the pound of soil, follow in the other stimuli causes the approach because if he is to progress, he must path of the root. They remind of a fourth group, which quickly learn to understand this little soil

one of a vast pack of wolves waitproceeds to change these nitrites infactory with its workers and the ing to pounce upon their prey. to nitrates, the form of nitrogen kinds and disposition of each group

They are hungry and must have which is dissolved in the soil water, and guide them into a line of acbread and butter or starve. They absorbed by the root hairs and most tivity which will be beneficial to

are ready to grab at anyhim. This is the way

thing that looks like man will learn to subdue food. Just as soon as the earth. When he

the root cap is sluffed off resolves to study the or the older root hairs microorganisms he finds cease to function, these that there are many organisms by the milkinds, some like little lions pounce upon this rods, others like marbles,, organic matter, devourand again a few are like ing it and leaving in its corkscrews, in form.

place a black inert maThey must be magnified terial and a large amount one thousand times beof gas useful for the fore man can begin to> maintenance of normal know them intimately.

soil processes. If the He finds that these

root itself does not move various shaped organas vigorously as it isms group themselves should; if it acts as according to the work

though it is undecided they perform. I have

where to go; or gives inalready referred to the

dication of suffocation ammonia and nitrate because of lack of air; or producers. There are

gets rather indifferent to also a few groups which its job for any cause take the nitrogen from whatsoever, the bacteria the atmosphere and fix very quickly set up a city it so the plants can use in that vicinity and it. The plants in turn

start to work tearing the furnish a home in the root to pieces, and feastnodules which develop ing upon it. There must in the root areas. This

be health in the roots or fact was not known unthe bacteria make short til a few decades ago, work of them. and it was not until this

It is interesting to observe the Dr. Martin examining soils near knowledge came into existence that

organisms, which are divided into Provo, Utah it was possible to raise alfalfa little armies. Organization is even readily utilized by the plants. profitably in many parts of the

more complete than the proverbial The way these little bacteria United States.

first army. group.German The is for organize themselves work fix bacteria withnitrogen COMEor the advance guard, the attack activity, marvelous. Their plants. aid other the of outpiecespieces organic of liberate matter and the engaseous e of adjustment soils. all in are present of our They the organic of compounds.many soil in the the changes vironment, has acquaintance with them AnSo carbon dioxide develops much solution, or colloidal gluey the mait for possible the farmer dry made thisduring process bacteria that the is terial constantly that being his to use advantage to and thempractically suffocate, miweaken, as needs destroyed the formed and raise of crops better These wheat.grate soil, to other parts the of or dictate, are truly e plant f woncertain moisture, bacteria temneeddie. a carshort while In the to observe. derful if air perature, they conditions and diffuses dioxidebon throughout

their fix are nitrogen. to Theythe soil atmosphere. leaves This realize significance the one "pxOES latter best part of the during work

fitthe for region habitation. new all this activity? of These April, March, May. and When bacteria of army newA little internow billions of organisms is friable, is soil (that loose the and

to the conquest.marches They leave only, themselves in the prepared properly dry farm way

work upon the protein material and their byproducts the very materials soils are during this period), much set free much ammonia. Eventuwhich make possible life upon the more nitrogen is made available to

ally they liberate so much ammonia earth. Without their work there the succeeding crop. This knowlthat they find it unpleasant and would be no plant foods, therefore {Continued on page 63 8)

By Walter C.Menyhart

For Sixteen Years LifeGuard at Coney Island

As told to Arthur L,, Marble

Can you swim or canH you?

You will like this article in either case for the water Mr. Menyhart Illustrating the Shafer Method—needlessly.claims many victims annually

to beHow ate.in theWater

you safe in the water? emergency. Just because you are swim as well with his clothes on,AREDo you know what to do in a good swimmer don't think you but clothes would not prevent his

case of cramps? Do you are immune from the possibilities floating.

know what to do when the tide of drowning. You may be an ex- A man can take off his coat and

becomes too strong and starts to pert swimmer, but unless you have even his trousers, if he wants to, carry you out to sea? Inability to a cool head and know what to do and a woman her dress and coat.

answer these questions and many in case of an accident, you are just If I knew I had to be in the water others is why so many people as liable to drown as the beginner. a long time, however, I wouldn't

drown when they become panicky It's a cool head and the knowledge take off my coat. I would know

in the water. of what to do in an emergency that that my real danger was from exThe main reason why so many makes one safe in the water. posure. And clothing, even when

people drown may be laid to the If people would only learn not it is soaked through, is a protection, fact that seven out of every ten to be afraid of the water and have and tends to keep the body warm.

people who go in the water who more confidence in themselves when A person who understands how can't swim don't know what to they go in to swim, there would be to float could stay afloat until he do, or lose their heads in case of an fewer lives lost through drowning, was exhausted from hunger and accident. This may account for and fewer accidents. thirst, if it were not that before

the hundreds of lives that are lost People also have an idea that one he reached that point he would be yearly from drowning. Even some is practically certain to drown if he exhausted from exposure. Howvery good swimmers drown because falls into the water with his clothes ever, that would be a question of

they don't know what to do in an on. It is true that one couldn't a good many hours for a person of

The Improvement Era for August, 1933 599

average strength, unless the water Anybody that ever goes into the back for a little while until the pain and the weather were very cold. water, or even on it, may meet with eases up. If you are swept out by

And it is safe to say that, except an accident. The common sense the undertow float on the waves

under very unusual circumstances, thing to do is to learn to swim. until they bring you back. For

he would be rescued before his enBut these things which I have just every wave that takes you out there durance gave out. told you will help you even if you is a wave to bring you back. If

If you were on a vessel that was can't swim. Keep your mouth shut you are in a hurry to get back,

about to sink, the thing for you to and your eyes open, and don't try signal by waving your arm, and do would be to put on a life preto breathe when you go under the somebody will see you and come server and a good warm coat. Do water. Turn on your back, put to your rescue.

that before you think about your your head back, lie still and you Practice breathing exercises so money or your jewels. Don't will float. When someone tries to that you can hold your breath for

if posit! Never at least one minute—more,forget either the life preserver or rescue you—let him dothe coat. The one will keep you go into the water soon after eating. sible. Think and plan in advance

from drowning, and the other may If you are a swimmer and have an what you will do in an emergency.

keep you from dying of exposure. attack of cramps, don't have an atDo this often, so that when the

One is just as important as the tack of panic, too. Float on your emergency comes your mind will

other. be ready with ideas so

I don't know whether it is firmly fixed that it may possible to get people to realize save you from panic and this. I've had years of experidisaster.

ence with accidents to people One of the meanest who couldn't swim; and I have superstitions generally

seldom encountered a person held is one which relates who did not lose his head, or her that when you have head, as the case might be. sunk for the third time

There's no difference between you are lost. This is

men and women in that respect. just a myth. If you

Both are equally panicky. keep your mouth shut

I've tried to explain that it and hold your breath isn't the water but the people's when you go under, and fear of the water that causes most fill your lungs with fresh of the accidents. And the only air when you come to

way to get over that fear is to the surface, you may go find out for yourself how ununder and come up an necessary it is, and to have conindefinite number of fidence in yourself. times. When you sink

remember that in a few I) EMEMBER that the most seconds in water not too important fact of all is that deep you will surely rise you can and will float, if you again and then you will give yourself a chance. In case be able to catch a breath.

of accident, it is often more imThe time required for a portant for you to be able to body to go down float than to know how to swim. j, eighteen feet, the

You can teach a child to float in f body never sinks to a a bathtub. You can teach yourgreater depth, and return

self if the tub is large enough; to the surface is a little

but it would be better to learn more than a minute.

in some pool or bathing beach. The ordinary person can

It is a crime for parents not to hold his breath for half see that their babies learn to take (Continued on page 617) care of themselves in the water.

Every sixyear old child could, and should be able to swim.

Illustrating the "Carry"

Illustrated by CORNELIUS VANDERENDE htngsBy CLAIRE STEWART BOYER

All of us like to collect things and to us they seemuntil—butvery important.then you tooMamayKellerbe savingwas nosomethingexception

for the

Ma Keller carried it out with gave up her home and came to live her happy approval. with Celia,children.WHENher son's wife, she did However, as she

so with one reservation—that she moved about in her

could bring her things with her. well ordered domain,

Now Ma Keller's things consisted Celia often felt the of an oak chest that had come across gray eyes fixed upon the plains, two trunks, three teakher and would turn.

wood cases, a hat box, two stocking Always she saw the bags fat and bulky and a suitcase same thing-—Ma Kel-

a gift from her son. These with ler would smile, then

a reed rocker and some family porshe would dart into traits were heaped in Everett's auto her room and there and dumped out on the porch of remain until by some his bungalow. When Celia saw pretext Celia could

them she tried not to look astonget her back. Four

ished. She helped Ma Keller into months later she bethe house and insisted that they all came so attached to

have tea before the bedroom was her room that she refitted up with its new belongings. fused to leave it. At

At the table Celia was attentive meal times Celia wonbut Everett carried on the converderingly brought the sation. tray. Something was

"Don't know whether the troubling the silverroom'll hold 'em all, but if not we haired lady and her can put the old trunks in the base- d a u g h t e r-inlaw ment."could not begin to

Ma Keller stopped eating, and fathom it. To her

with direful finality announced: questions. Ma Keller

"My trunks and I live in the would answer sweetsame room!"

Celia smiled at her husband and "O, its just my the conversation was shifted. The things, my dear,"and then she

little homekeepcr had no uneasiness would dive into her trunks, arrange about the coming of her motherin- and rearrange and sort again.

law into her life, and no resentment. Everett had suggested it and AVhEN Celia informed Everett of his mother's selfCeliacs sister lifted a jet silk dress

imposed retirement, he said it was and Ma Keller's eyes shone. Her

it. Celia itched to hold fingers If had likely of her one whims. But

instead, she picked would have it up feared Keller inwardly he was Ma its silkiness to just befeel gone over not happy in her new home. Pertween her fingers and perhaps rub it

haps she was secretly planning to against her cheek.

go East to Tasie. He must speak

to her. He found her in her room.

The Improvement Era for August, 1933 601

"Oh, go on, you're only seventy.

That makes me think—we are

planning to give you something fine for your seventyfirst birthday, but we can't decide on it. Celia

didn't want me to tell you, but I thought if there's anything you'd rather have than furs, I'd like to know."For a moment she seemed to be juggling a secret, then she gripped both sleeves of his coat.

"I want---another trunk."

Everett glanced around the room, "For my things,"she said.

That night Everett took Celia aside. "Better go over her trinkets and duds and show her she doesn't need any more trunks."

"Perhaps if we tell her our secret she'll forget her things!"

"Clever girl,"laughed Everett, "I'll leave it to you and we'll get the furs."

spent Ma KELLER some time each day with Celia in the livingroom. When asked for

her opinion on the arrangement of the china in the cabinet she was flattered and felt she had indeed done Celia a service in giving it.

It did not take long before the two became more companionable than either had dreamed possible. Celia

talked to her motherin-law on in every subject—except the things

the trunks and boxes and bags in

Ma Keller's room. Ma Keller told

her all about Tasie, her daughter who had "gone east"and how seldom she wrote in spite of the fact busy, but apparently grayer because of the silver locks that she had no children.

happy. He began by above them held a pitiful look, and Then came the opportunity to

apologizing for Celia, Everett hurried to his mother and whisper the secret and Celia, all her habits, her methods put a strong arm around her. expectant, watched the effect of the

of housekeeping. His "We like you to show us you news on the elder woman. Instead

mother looked at him care if you do, you know,"he said of a gentle pat on her wrist, a kiss steadily and then flashed lightly, raising her chin and kissing and a tear as the little motherto-be forth as she had done her withering lips. had expected, consternation seized

-'X the day he stole his first "That's what I was trying to do Ma Keller and she burst from the and only watermelon. in here,"she answered slowly, and room muttering something about

"Everett Keller, don't closed the lid of the trunk. Celia her things and that "it changed

you complain of Celia to me. I stood in the doorway. everything!"And there she stayed.

didn't come here for that. You "Dinner!"More restless than before, she sorted

have a wonderful little wife and I "We're coming,"he waved her her things and left the room only thought until now that you appreaway. "I'm glad that's all it is. (Continued on page 63 2)

ciated her."And she whirled and Now you just forget all this stuff

began sorting some of the treasures and link your life to ours, can't you in the tray of her biggest trunk. do that?"

"As a matter of fact,"laughed Everett's mother regarded him

Everett, "I do, but I didn't think curiously.

you did. You spend so much of "At my age,"she said, "we

your time in here and so little with don't forget. I'm not here for

her."long, Everett. I must link my life

"So that's it?"The gray eyes, to yours with my things."

602M A um By HENRY A. SMITH

make the 193334 President Heber J. Grant

several the sessions. of farat season the mostTo address each of the During effectreaching and

ive of any Mutual ImPresident, whether brief or provement Association year long, the listener could not in the history of that orhelp but sense the enthusiganization is the avovred asm which the Church purpose of every M. I. A. leader felt for the work of

officer, leader and member the M. I. A. throughout

who attended the thirtythe Church. The counsels

eighth annual conference in and advice of the President

Salt Lake City, June 9, 10 were timely and his appeals and 11. The inspiration went home to many thoubehind this avowed pursands who heard him.

pose came from the wealth PRESIDENT GRANT instructionof spiritualized that featured every session gave the M. I. A. conof the June M. I. A. conference an impetus that was

ference from the least to the not lost throughout the most important. sessions. Speaking at the

a first meeting, he made conof this theme The all as for appeal it stirring closed, justference and

I. great of the members M. all the guide ofwill be

to stand by A. movement the effort duringMutual

ideals the association of the is the season, newcoming its especially in attitude the and "Inspiredslogan, by on prohibition and repealRefining Influences of Morof the eighteenth amendWill Developmonism We ment. the strik- A few ofthe Gifts Us."Within ing statements Presfrom

Right from the very beident Grant's opening adginning, when Elder Richdress are:

ard R. Lyman, of the

general superintendency of "I rejoice in the wonthe Y. M. M. I. A., introderful young men and

young women of theduced the slogan at the first

Church, the time they give session in the Assembly to the advocacy of the prinHall, this theme seemed to ciples that we teach. I

catch hold of everything rejoice in the fine manhood and everyone. It was everyand womanhood of our

where present. It formed Mutual Improvement peothe subject of discussion of ple, and I am in hopes that

general sessions, department meetPresident Heber /. Grant at the the young men and young women

ings. It was commented upon by dedication of the Social Hall Marker of this Church who are in the Muindividuals and in groups, and its tual Improvement Association will

general worthiness as an M. I. A. slogan and guide be the outstanding leaders during a great campaign

for the coming year, was felt by all. that is coming pretty soon for the repeal of the

Many interesting features combined to make June Eighteenth Amendment.

conference of this year an outstanding one. One of "I hope that every Mutual Improvement worker,

the foremost of these was the inspired presence of young and old, officer and member alike, will be found

The Improvement Era for August, 1933 603

in future issues of the magazine.

It was at this session that Elder

Lyman introduced the new slogan as the theme for the conference.

The slogan as it is adapted to each department of the M. I. A.

was treated in each of a number of department sessions held Friday morning following the general assembly.

Then came the long looked for contest finals when the picked finalists of approximately 50,000 people who had participated in drama, music, speech and story telling in the wards and stakes during

Marie Berg and Will"a There's ''Where is to side side; right the right the andon Larson, Elwood Grant Ward, Belevedere * Cast, * * the Eighteenthkeep Amendment."Stake, Hollywood winners. Stake, Church

origiwinners of loved citizen has a been "I have who

Utah and worked for Utah at home and nal dance contest.

abroad, and as a citizen of the United States, not as the President of the Church, I am unqualifiedly in favor of the Eighteenth Amendment, and I do not believe and never expect to believe that by throwing the bars down even partly we are going to be benefited. I have no ill will toward any

man, woman, or child who favors repealing the

Eighteenth Amendment, but whatever happens we shall expect every Latterday Saint to obey the

Word of Wisdom."

In this same meeting. President Grant paid a

tribute to the Improvement Era. "I believe in it,"

he said. "I think it should be in every home. I

think it is a mistake not to have it there. People

pennies are holding nickels—no not nickels but

in front of their eyes, and hiding dollars'worth of information from their saving the price of the

Era and not having it in their homes."The President explained his early connection with the Era

and described a few interesting incidents of the early history of the magazine.

This first meeting of the conference Friday morning in the Assembly Hall, saw a large crowd of

M. I. A. officers and teachers present. The building

was filled to capacity when General Superintendent George Albert Smith of the Y. M. M. I. A.

called the conference to order. He gave a message of greeting to those present and then introduced President Ruth May Fox, of the

Y. L. M. I, A. President Fox expressed

delight and appreciation over the accomplishments of the M. I. A. during the past

year. She called attention to the great

objective of the M. I. A., which is the

attaining of perfection in so far as it is possible for a human being to do.

She urged all to strive each day for the attaining of perfection.

PLDERLARDMELVINof the GeneralJ. BALSu-

perintendency of the Y. M. M.

L A. spoke briefly on the JmRight: Lorrayne Hanson and

provement Era, telling of some Ronald Phair, Northwestern States of the features to be looked for Mission, winners contest foxtrot.

604 The Improvement Era for August, 1933

the past months, vied for honors. The quahty of perChurch. With these contests over, many stayed and

fection attained by those participants in the finals, enjoyed the hospitality of the resort and danced on was a reflection of the interest and effort shown in the pavilion.

the work of the M. I. A. during the season just Saturday saw the limelight of the conference switchclosed. High standards of past years were maintained ed to another department of the M. I. A.—the Boym every event. Scouts. On the

Excellent suctwentieth o f cess was achieved May the twenby the final casts tieth anniverin the opera. sary of the ofThis being the ficial adoption

first year of this by the Church type of competiof the Boy Scout tion in music, program of the the success warnational counrants its contincil, was observuance during ed. To make its

future years. celebration

The L. D. S. Church-w i d e

college campus and providing was the scene of for the particiadditional interpation of thouesting contests. sands, the

Here the Vanprogram of obguards of the servance was

Scout Birthday with The Cake spectacular shootdidChurch some its scheduled as part of the June conblazing twenty candles the Beeanding arrows, in contest with and bows ference.

it. Girls presented Hive who

with each other. The events were For this purpose the Saturday

colorful and the crowd which watched throughout evening session of the conference in the Tabernacle was the afternoon and who attended the clout and flight set aside for the Boy Scouts. Assisted by the Beeshoots on the state capital grounds, seenied to gather Hive department of the Y. L. M. I. A. who presented

the spirit of pioneer, Indian and even Robinhood days, them with an electrically lighted birthday "cake"the

Few if any of the receptions held by the M. I. A. Scouts and Scouters of the Church presented a proat Saltair could equal the one which featured this gram, featured by the presence and participation of

year's conference. The famous resort was the scene Dr. Ray O. Wyland, educational director of the Naof fun, frolic, and dance for thousands of the contional Boy Scout Council.

ference visitors. As guests of the general boards,

many hundreds of the visiting officers and members T)* WYLAND complimented the Church on the were given lunch at the resort, and were guests of the success of its Boy Scout program, and told of

M. I. A. on the dance floor. Here another new form the place for religion in scouting. He paid a tribute

of contest was introduced in grand finale. It was the to the missionary system of the Church and to the

original dance. social program of the M. I. A. He said he had never

There were some beautifully executed dances comseen such an adequate and satisfying social program posed by and participated in by M. I. A. workers for the young people of a church, as had been disThis proved to be an exceedingly interesting contest played during the M. I. A. Conference,

event from the standpoints of both the large audience Dr. Wyland had arrived Thursday, the day before

and the group of participants. The Gold and Green the conference began, and visited several of the general

fox trot, contest dance, was executed with precision and department sessions of the conference as well as and beauty by sixteen couples from all over the being one of the speakers at {Continued on page 620)

Opening Ceremony of Vanguard Archery Tournament

orever or ever

The story so far: John Alder returns from a mission to

fails to give neighbors meetHolland. Louise him. him The a By Captain trip his Fie deer father stops hunting planned by awarm welcome.

and brother for Sunday. Quarrels with Louise, then learns that she

had made it possible for him to finish his mission. Finds her in the arms of Biff Randolph at his welcomehome party at her house. TRUE BANHEARDT

John breaks with Louise, gets his ring back, and sours on the world.He is off on the wrong foot. After four months he goes to work HARMSEN

on the Herald, morning newspaper, in the mailroom at seventyfive dollars per month. There is an extra one Sunday, and he is forced

to miss church. The circulation manager tells him to adapt himself,

to conditions, make friends, to find himself, to look for good instead of bad in people. He makes an attempt, and is asked

to join the pressroom and mailroom ghngs that night in a pie feed. Despite their violent dislike of him, John succeeds in

making friends with the newspaper bunch. He has a fight with

Biff and gets whipped. Red Grogan, pressman and exfighter, teaches

him to box, telling him what to eat, and what not to eat. Just

like a word of wisdom sermon. John is finding himself. Is told

that he has a good chance of being assistant circulation manager, but he must marry. He wants Louise, but Biff Randolph seems to have

her cornered. Shorty goes for the habitual pie and ice cream. Comes

back with: "Biff is forcin'Louise to take a drink. She's hoUerin

fer Johnny!"

PART FOUR Chapter One

stood J OHN ALDER staring after the flyboy dashing back up the stairs. An ugly sound

assailed his ears. It was the two

gangs bunched behind him, uttering angry, throaty growls. Old

Sam took charge. "Get some

clubs,"he directed, "that bunch of young roughnecks might get tough.""Never mind the clubs,"Red Grogan shouldered through to John's side. "You fellows keep

them off my back, and I'll whip the whole mob. Let's wreck that

joint! Come on, let's go!"

John grinned at Red. They

were standing shoulder to shoulder.

It was a grim grin; Red shivered,

Then a cold voice, harsh with authority, lashed out at them "What is coming off here?"

606 The Improvement Era for August, 1933

and John laughed. He continued No one was left in the booth exflatfooted, and found Biff wide

laughing as he climbed the stairs cept Biff, who was crowding into open. A hard right to the ribs, a

and walked down the alley to the a corner, and Louise. Out of the left jab to the head, another right

street, but the laugh sounded like corner of his eye, John saw Red to the ribs, a left to the wind, and the grind of a twoedged sword wading through the mob of young Biff staggered, his hands falling to being jerked from its scabbard. Red people, his fists flying in and out. his sides. Red had taught him that

urged him to run, but John only Then he turned on the girls, catchtrick, and it had worked.

increased his walk, his shoulders ing them by the arms and flinging John waited until Biff recovered, hunched forward, and now his them into a corner where the pressthen he stepped in, jabbed lightly laugh was deep in his throat, sinroom gang held them. The mailwith his right, then his left, then

ister. The pressroom and mailroom, under the leadership of Jack, put all his weight on a onetwo,

room gangs bunched close together the foreman, danced wildly about rightleft to the head. Biff stagand followed silently. the establishment. gered backward, and fell to the

They reached the cafe and speakyell wenteasy. from the up laughter mad mingled Shouts and floor.A blow HEAVY A proprietor bunch. newspaper aside;inside. stood The Red head, side of the on the John struck John

shouldered the doors apart, and and he rolled from the table to the of the place had come to and was entered. It presented a respectable floor. He bounced up, weaving in sneaking away on hands and knees.

enough appearance, and John did and out, laughing at Biff's bewilSam caught him and pulled him not marvel that respectable people derment. Biff climbed out of the toward the corner.

thought it a decent enough cafe booth, and swung blow after blow, "This dirty rat stood by and and soda fountain. But now perbut John blocked each perfectly. watched it all,"he was grinning,

haps twenty shouting and laughing Biff rushed, trying to trick John, but lightning played in his eyes.

young people, both boys and girls, but John had learned his lesson "What shall we do to him?"

were gathered around a booth in well. He toyed with Biff, enjoy- "He didn't dare call the cops,"

the back of the establishment. The ing the glint of terror in his eyes. Red answered. "Give him to me.

proprietor was leaning against the Then John was caught off guard, For the morals of the younger gensoda fountain watching, grinning. and a terrific right to the jaw stageration!"

Red walked over to him, snarled in gered him. Before he could recafe soft and face:his ThLHE "Why doncha call the cover. Biff followed his advanup yff wreck. Broken was a rcops left to drink parlor rights tage, showering and

"Ain't none of my business,"the head. He staggered to his glass strewed the floor, tables were

smirked the swarthy man. knees, then fell to the floor. overturned, showcases broken and

A cheer went up from the prissmashed, the fountain was upside picked the unconRed up down. in corner, a oners groan the and left his jerked Red scious Biff dragged and him the bunch. newspaper John from the fist his chin against and up

I the through turned door John it cleared, head, his he and shook slumped the as faded mansmirk girls prisoners the held boys and on rose knee. living Clean was one on newspaper floor. the to The in corner. the telling, fighting. he and came up inside, stood and pushedbunch useless "It for to be would me left, terrific a missed, but loosed He advanced glaring. and John Red tell trash kind of you you what in midair, landing around swung of fringe the Red to the mob. I bristled, try. are,"he "so won't

pointed to the adjoining booth. But I will do one thing for you.

John climbed into it and looked Any four of you who feel lucky, over the top of the partition. just step out, and I'll whip the four

He saw Biff holding a bottle of you. You yellow hounds, forcabove Louise's mouth, his left ing a decent girl to take a drink!

thumb and forefinger gripping her You were not, afraid to do that, nose. Several hands held her were you? But you are afraid of

shoulders, head and arms. He me. One against four! Make it

could not see how many. Louise five! Make it six! Come on, all

gasped for air, and Biff poured the of you. Right can, must, and shall

liquor into her mouth. She sputprevail! I'll put my back in a

tered, gasped, and choked, but they corner and take all of you. Cowheld her while the liquor continued ards!"He spat the word at them,

to gurgle from the bottle into her and the intensity of his deadly emomouth. tion made them shudder.

Then John leaped over the partition, landed on his hands and Chapter Two knees on the table, and jerked the bottle from Biff's hands. Louise

was released. The hands that had J,OHN looked around

held her grasped John, tearing at for Louise, but could not see her.

his face. Had she sneaked out, ashamed at

There was a roar as the newsbeing in such a place? His chest

paper bunch charged. Boys and hurt with that odd feeling as

girls screamed, shouted. John was though it could not get enough air.

released and left sitting on the table. Wild Iris at Rock Creek Again'he had butted in, but this

The Improvement Era for August, 1933 607

time he was not sorry. It was not "It's fifteen minutes after press you heard me!"The boss chewed

because he had whipped Biff so time, the composing room is ringon his cigar, then removed it.

soundly. He did not know why ing their heads off trying to raise "That is, if, as, and when you two

he was glad he had butted in. He somebody to take the cylinder little love birds are put in the same

failed to notice that everybody was plates off the elevator, and the cage. Get me?"

silently watching him. And he newsboys are hollerng their heads "We'll be married tomorrow."

could not see what they saw off for papers, and here you are, John assured. "I'll see the Justice

Louise in the booth on her knees like nice little 'sojers,'deciding of the Peace. Or,"he turned to

clutching at her throat. He stepped whether two little love birds should Louise, "would you rather your

toward the booth. or should not marry. Bah!"uncle. Bishop Taylor, married us?"

Most of her paint and powder He strode to John's side. Glared "Listen, Johnny."Louise tapwas rubbed off. The mascara on into his eyes. ped his chest with her ring finger.

her eyelashes had run, staining her "When is this wedding going to "When I get married, a Justice of cheeks black. She looked up at be pulled off?"the Peace is going to have exactly

as District started crying. kneltJohn, and Man- I am He it, all nothing and to do with my

first of her, next beside month."in took herdown to uncle is going with his ager—the"As soon to have do

arms tenderly. "There you go shoutin'about it, is signing a recommend; but that

"What are you doing here on 'District'something or other again. is all he'll have to do with it."

your knees?"he asked tenderly. Are you ever going to forget your the mean Temple?""You get past? If and mighty you that have She he high must known

else could what I mean?""And District to be there will Manager easier talking trying towas make

for her, but without hesitation she be no living with you, so forget it. "But Louise, what if we can't

answered: "Because I wanted You ain't going to be District Manget along?"

something real, and I came on my ager. See?""We can."

clasped Louise John's arm. getknees to haven't.""But we it—you."let that dear, "Don't bother you, is all lipstick smeared.""Your is different. this John, do "But I've It got job. be won't my whispered, understanding notJohn love the you me?"first a time wife has worked."she forgotten meant.what had He I love you.""You know "Sol that?"roared mean You told her before. once he hadwhat

is the temple.""I won't use it any more, now the Circulation Manager. "Then it

you've come to your senses,"she "Yes sir!""But—."

countered. "I won't use it at all. "Weil, I'object!""Forever, or never!"

object!""You I too.ril just stockings, wear clasped in his her arms. John

I object, unless "Yes, you want forwent meanness without them looked the mascara, through He to the be Assistant Circulationafter you came from your home the in character shining only saw."until steno Manager's after get you then,mission; before eyes. It her bright as seemed I—I—furniture for."some paid

inter- "I dear,"a spirit John know, great though and good "Assistant Circulation Manrupted. at looked out of him. windows He ager!"puzzled. John

fast, full his his at breathed hurt, a lungs looked Louise minhim

I that's said, "Yeah, what and left heartute, her her then good. hand, held up hurt—hurt

fingers separated. "And I thought you lacked

John fumbled hastily at his faith,"he murmured. "You put

watch pocket as though afraid she me to shame. Forever it is."

would again change her mind, found the ring, and slipped it on her finger. Their arms went IHEIR lips met,

around each other. The welcome blended. She yielded to him,

he had planned for his arrival from proud of his possession of her. But

the mission field now materialized. the voice of the hardboiled CircuThey did not hear the laughter of lation Manager pierced through

the newspaper bunch, nor the teartheir happiness.

ful sniffing of Red Grogan. "Fer cryin'out loud! Get out

"Just as soon as I get my new of here before the cops put the job, we'll be married,"John dewhole bunch of you in jail. That

clared. paper has got to go to press, and

Louise nodded her head. Tears how could you print a paper in

were playing havoc with the rest jail?"He started to put his cigar

of her mascara. back into his mouth, but held it

Then a cold voice, harsh with before his eyes, and a grim look of authority, lashed out at them: disappointment crept over his face.

"What is coming off here?""And you, darn yuh!"he glared at

the tobacco. "You are keeping me

in with from going them two and feet their to got ThlHEY married!"them get cirseeing voice. It the wasand faced the

culation manager standing in the Mrs. Wolstenholnte in the costume of He threw his cigar on the floor

door. 1847 at Old Fort Bridger. and ground it under his heel.

-iiiiiiir itiiH -11*11 MII11 "Editorial—

7'ke Higher Law (NE of the startling statements made by the Master to the Jews was that he came to fulfill the Law.

He was very conscious of that mission.

He seemed to realize that the Law had been given to a primitive race and that the time had come when people should live upon a higher plane. He was tactful, however. He did not say, "The

Law is out of date;""the Law was for wayward children;""the Law was for the wilderness."

Instead, He implied that the law was adequate; that it was a splendid code, so important that

not a "jot or a tittle"should remain unfulfilled. Then carefully He announced that in Him the

Law had been fulfilled and that now a higher Law must be substituted. Deftly he set over against

the Ten Commandments, new teachings. Many other statements of the Law were also modified.

Perhaps it will be interesting to see set opposite each of the Ten Commandments, Christ's Substitute, for the Law of Moses, to a Christian has become ineffectual, for the reason that a true Christian lives on a far higher plane. A devout follower of the Master makes the Ten Commandments as

unnecessary as does a true Latterday Saint the laws governing murder or arson.

Ten Commandments Christs Substitute 1. "Thou shalt have no other gods before me."Ex. 20:3. 1. "Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart,

and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind."Matt.

22:37. 2. "Thou shalt not make unto thee any graven image, or 2. "Ye cannot serve God and mammon."Matt. 6:24.

any likeness of anything that is in the heaven above, or that is in the earth beneath, or that is in the water under the earth."Ex. 20.4.

3. "Thou shalt not take the name of the Lord thy God 3. "Swear not at all."Matt. 5:3.

in vain."Ex. 20:7.

4. "Remember the Sabbath Day to keep it holy."Ex. 20:8. 4. "The Sabbath was made for man, and not man for

the Sabbath."Mark 2:27.

5. "Honor thy Father and thy Mother that thy days may 5. "Who is my mother, and my brethren?"Mark 3:34.

be long upon the land which the Lord thy God giveth thee."Ex. 20:12.

6. "Thou shalt not kill."Ex. 20:13. 6. "Whosoever is angry with his brothers without a cause

shall be in danger of the judgment."Matt. 5:22.

7. "Thou shalt not commit adultery."Ex. 20:14. 7. "Whosoever looketh on a woman to lust after her hath

committed adultery with her already in his own heart."

Matt. 5:28,

8. "Thou shalt not steal."Ex. 20:15. 8. "Whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do

ye even so to them; for this is the law and the prophets."

Matt. 7:12.

9. "Thou shalt not bear false witness against thy neigh- 9. "Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself."Matt.

bor."Ex. 20:16. 22:39.

10. "Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's house, thou shalt 10. "The light of the body is in the eye: if therefore thine

not covet thy neighbor's wife, nor his manservant, nor eye be single, thy whole body shall be full of light."

his maidservant, nor his ox, nor his ass, nor anything Matt. 6:22.

that is thy neighbor's."Ex. 20:17.

"And it came to pass, when Jesus had ended these sayings, the people were astonished at his doctrine."Matt. 7:28.—H. R. M.

Hobbies rNE who has a hobby is never lonely in the sense that one is lonely who has no particular interest in life except people. Such a one, in the absence of people, feels that emptiness and boredom are

his. A hobby is a magic carpet which wafts its rider to new and strange lands, and the charmed

beauty of activity, and in the wafting goes over the gray plains of unhappiness and the jagged mountains of trouble, making them appear dim and insignificant in the distance.

What is a hobby? To many it is only a word fraught with little or no meaning. To others

it is a pen, painting the picture of what others are doing. To those who have one, it is sheer delight

and glad accomplishment, and the source and inspiration of the joy of every day.

The word "hobby"is defined as something in which one takes absorbed and exaggerated interest, but this definition might leave a reader with a wrong impression. One takes absorbed interest in

religious activities, yet that would scarcely be classed as a hobby; children are of exaggerated interest

to their parents, but they are not generally regarded as hobbies; work is of interest, and so are casual

play and conversation and eating and sleeping, but a hobby is more than any of these. It is a pursuit

one follows when his time is his own to use; one in which he takes great delight. Most hobbies are

constructive; so the term has come to mean something worthy. Seldom, if ever, do we speak of a

boy's hobby as being the throwing of rocks through the windows of neighbors, or of a girl having a

H II——iniliiiiH- I iil nMiitli II II i—ill M i II H III iill- w mH—M "—n I 11 HI lllft al II II HI"H lit II II ifi-i—n.—H.iMiiIti—II 11II H I I iiiiill—Mill'

i I lOriQ =LQ I—1

hobby of shoplifting. And because usage has crowned the word with a fine meaning, the whole I

field which is suggested by the word must be fine.

Hobbies have been classified as follows: collecting things, collecting knowledge, creating things.

No one, perhaps, has ever felt justified in naming any one as being more valuable than the other two, for each has contributed its share of joy and triumph to those who have followed it, and in each type of hobby is to be found growth and success.

as stamps, Indian pottery, In the first type—collecting things—might be named such examples

old prints, first editions, flowers of a certain region, swords, clippings, samples of fabrics, and infall such collecnumerable others. In the second—collecting knowledge and information—might

i tions as philosophies of a certain author, names of trees, names of birds, vernacular of American.

j origin (one person who did this was able to write of different periods with assurance, for she was 1 certain of the conversation of the time), scriptural quotations, Indian legends, etc.; and in the third 1

I would be listed such constructive activities as gardening, writing, painting, making furniture, em- j

I broidering, knitting, crocheting, making pottery, leathertooling, clay modeling, toymaking, cake- j

I making, etc. Some of the above named pursuits sound more like vocations than avocations, but

1 many an individual has found his life work through the interest of a hobby—and work which

I needs no supplementing with play, for the joyousness of it puts into it the recreational spirit of play.

I This very morning a woman was out gardening—following the hobby of her life—and ac-

I quaintances, passing, dropped in to see her. She was surrounded by a wealth of color and beauty

j blue delphinium emphasizing the whiteness of madonna lillies; Canterbury bells ringing out a pastel

I song of loveliness; Shasta daisies next to blue lace flower forming an outdoor bouquet which put a

1 florist's window to shame. And in the heart of the woman was the song of the earth, that friendly

earth that takes little brown seeds from her hands and returns them to her in masses of color and perfume and glory.

If you have a hobby, ride it hard, and find in It all the blessings it holds. If you haven't one,

set about to find what, to you, would be a soulsatisfying one. Never let it be said of you that

life passed you by and withheld some of its choicest gifts because you failed to seek them. Find a

hobby, and you find happiness. E, T. B.

A New Declaration! TAMES, that keen, old Jewish teacher who believed that a man can best show his faith by his works

gave us a definition of religion which emphasizes conduct. He said: "Pure religion and undefiled

before God and the Father is this, to visit the fatherless and the widows in their affliction, and to keep himself unspotted from the world."

Now that was a very good definition. It so appealed to those who read it that men, especially

in our country and in nearly all of the civilized countries of the world, have acted upon his suggestion and have inculcated in their laws a provision for those two types of individuals. Nearly every county

in the United States, all of the provinces of Canada and the shires of England, as well as the political divisions of other countries have made provision for the fatherless and the widow.

But our social organization has brought about other classes who probably deserve some sort of 1 recognition. Our individualistic way of living; our struggle for personal advancement and suprem-

I acy have brought distress to thousands who are not widows or fatherless and yet who are quite as j helpless under circumstances such as those which have maintained since 1929 and long before that yet

I less noticeable. It might be well, therefore, to bring James up to date. No irreverence here is in-

I tended, for, verily, if James were here he would probably issue the edict himself, since conduct, in his i eyes, was the measure of true religion.

1 It is suggested, therefore, that some such statement of conduct might be made to fit our times:

I "Pure religion and undefiled before God and the Father is this to visit the aged and the jobless in their distress and to keep one's self, one's public and corporation officials unspotted from the sins of graft and corruption."I

T With winter coming on again, the aged and the jobless should look forward to the cold and j

I dismal months and should to the best of their ability make preparation for them. Foodstuffs are |

I cheaper they now than will be. Many may be had practically for the asking, or at least in many T'

fields.1 cases, forjhelp in the

I The Boaz's of modern times, could well afford to drop "heads of grain"where the modern Ruths j may glean. In this land of plenty cannot we so mobilize our Christianity that none need suffer? |

I We have observed that in many cases those in need have also forgotten the Golden Rule. It is }

rich the and I poor are very similar at heart—basically j'

classes in cases. someI—butour beliefthat thatcircumstancesall men arehavebrothers;warped thatboththe

1 A great leader, truly, would the man be who could bring about harmony and understanding

I between these classes, and who could establish a workable program. Men are doing much, but we

j must all be wholesome in thought and persistent in our efforts if we are really to establish a new order of justice. H. R. M.

T>usk on the T>esert By HARRISON R. MERRILL

Photograph by Dr. Walter P. Cottam.

//GAINST a brooding desert sky /j Huge cacti loom with hands held high—

Weird highpriests of the drifting sand!

Drought -scarred but eloquent they stand,

Mute Joshuas signaling the sky

Where suns, unheeding, circle by.

"We do rfpt count the desert drear.

For God's great love is found out here,"

They say, but men pass on. Men know

That out beyond the sunset's glow

There is a land where life is rich.

Gauged regularly at higher pitch;

That east, beyond the rimming blue.

Lush valleys gleam refreshed by dew.

There in the desert cacti grow As countless eons come and go—

Mute Joshuas beckoning they seem

To where the Grapes of Eshcol gleam.

Wasatch Mountain Tops A Garden A House and A Home

By Altce Lee Eddy By Edith Cherrington By Algie Herbert

is a sanctity hollyhocks in along mountain a house across the road fromnnHERE tops nnHE the fence THERE'S is lath. stately -* Smile in heights. holiness above the -* There me.

My chrysalis of mundane worry drops Chrysanthemums nod up and down That is old and tumble down.

Away. A reverent ecstasy invites Along the garden path. And beside this tidy house of mine,

My soul to contemplation and to prayer. It's almost like a clown.

Now I am free from traffic's bootless The gate beneath my outstretched hand roar. Swings open easily There are smudges on the window panes.

Proud cities with their stifling strife and And small winds run across the grass There are playthings on the lawn, care As if to welcome me. And the screen door always sagging,

But form the patterns on the valley Where the hinges won't stay on.

floor. Here among the green and bloom

I always find release. There are children, children everywhere.

Don't say these Wasatch slopes arc bleak A garden offers many things They laugh, and cry, and shout.

and drear But best of all is peace. Till I think the old walls tremble,

For at the crests the gypsy winds blow B:faAs they turn things insideout.

free.

The world is far below; the sky is near Now my flowers stand in stately rows.

These granite spires of sacred dignity. Evening My lawns are clean and smooth.

Rainpurged, sunhallowed ground where And no one ever bangs my door, even I By John Sherman Walker Or brings me bumps to soothe.

Can lift my eager arms and hold the sky. * * Shadows And I find there's something lacking, here,

CREEPING low with satin fingers That makes me want to roam.

Feeling into every nook and shaggy For after all mine's just a house

Weep Not for Those That Tingeingglen,gold shot thickets * * * with While the other is a home.

Pass glistening black. -S#D*-

* * By Malcolm Mearlam Pines Word Chasms

Bristling to the skies like hoary sentries,

T TE that is gone was weary of this Scarred and ancient * * green plumed By Helen May Van Cott *'-* world. cavaliers.

in (Weep not for him, for him weep not nor cry. * * * Peaks -*"rARKENED—twoeach a blinded heartrooms—and

Weep not for him, for him, weep not nor Looming cleancut against the purple Dumbly for the other crying out, so sisigh.) dusk; lently low;

His life was like an opening flower, dewGrim * * * towering molds * * frownAnd neither sees the other's smarting grief.

pearled, ing over all Nor hears the sobbing of the other's woe majesty In solemn are curled petals folded one Nor wonders by oneWhose why his sleepless eyes should with amber * * * bathed in ruby Tipped arid burning and by wind bumAnd crisped sky. glow of olden wines. For lack of soothing tears that would have

learn so lives that pass sadly by not for him (Weep * * * Clouds heal are whirled.) desert dervishes madlyWhere How to the sorrow—hidden—from ships, edged deep in silver. Are frail pink the other.

Life is a phantom seen within a glass Drifting to far off golden shores on calm * * * loves clear for not come (Weep who fleeting seas. Pals were hearts that as beat they—nay, pass) and one—

* * * fragile in the thing, fading ghost light And thereA to Ready be, cross, if needs the searing (Weep not for him who glowed so in the High up on bald hill crest desert sands.

* is in outlined rider the night) along sky * * A that far garden To reach beyond where all that yet, trail's-end pose. ofAnd clasped hands

* * * * * in red content theSave Until sun unto who is,lovedmost thepreciousmorningfar him be the * Could hope, yea life, each, forwith star. goes slipping, slipping down. ever.

One angry sword to cut the floweringword—agarden down. Wheat Fields A cry—heart rending; a pitiless look

By Howard Allen Farrens and now forever:

hearts, to Two live in darkened a field I behold of wheatrjHENEVER separaterooms—apart. prairie ripened ''Mellowed and under sands to And searing unfeelingly force

sun. open two promised

As if before a shrine I stand awhile Clasped hands.

And watch swift breezes through it dart and run. Why must it be!

One pleading look, a kindly spoken word,

And in my heart is born a voiceless prayer, and

May God keep safe from harm all fields Burning sands would as blooming gardens of wheat be, That little children living everywhere And love would reign throughout eterMay never know a lack of bread to eat. Feeding the Swans nity.

612 The Improvement Era for August, 1933

What About LeprosyF Continuedpage from581 these cases, if taken at the very be- "How are the patients transhome. In order that the patients

ginning, could be arrested, by that ported to the settlement?"I asked may conveniently pass from one

we mean, 'cured'as far as any Dr. Daines. building to another, each structure

present symptoms or tests can "Permits must first be granted within the colony limits is conprove. from the Surgeon General of the nected with its neighbor by a

"If lepers knew that they can United States Public Health Service screened, covered walk. The

come forward in the early stages or his accredited representative, and climate is subtropical, so that outof the disease for diagnosis and from the State Department of ofdoor life for the patients is postreatment, with the assurance that Health of the states from which sible during the entire year.

if their case is not the contagious and to which he is traveling. After "The present main hospital contype, that they will not be ostrathe necessary State permits are resists of four wards set aside for

cized, isolated, or deprived of emceived, patients are transferred to male and female patients who may the accompanied Leprosarium leprosy suffering by a be from advanced probabilthat in allployment, and medical officer of the Public Health diseases. intercurrent or from Modrecover, then ity they will much

is Service. compartment A facilities for the are available proern have been done to solve thewould

strictly patient, for the vided who is care the of such cases and includeleper problem."

isolated the during trip. All surdishes following: A wellequipped

utensils are disinfected before It is an interesting fact that the and degery; dental laboratory; X-ray

majority of the cases in the United leaving the compartment, everypartment; eye, ear, nose and throat

States, which have been taken to thing is properly taken care of so department; physiotherapy departthe Leprosarium, have arisen withthat there is no chance of exposing ment; and a clinic set aside for exmilesin a radius hundred of four the public to any danger. treatments. The perimental A wellLousiana. Orleans,of Most New is disinfected occupied compartment equipped laboratory is maintained

of the other cases occur among the upon being evacuated by the for routine clinical examinations,

Orientals on the Pacific coast, and patient."as well as for research purposes."

immigrants entering the Eastern The National Leprosarium, situ- (Quoted from Government Bulseaports, who have been admitted ated on the Mississippi in a deep letin, by Dr. E. O. Denney.)

with the disease in an early unbend in the river which almost diagnosable form. forms an island, is isolated from The dining room is operated

the rest of the world, though it is upon a cafeteria system. The food

is a kitchen prepared nonleprous by seventyfive only river the miles up great of the numberOECAUSE all staff, utensils dishes and and Orleans, from twenty and New State in cases leprosy the of of are in the used dining room which miles from Rouge. Baton down leper a colony Louisiana,of was are sterilized in washed meand is It built site the of old on an in 1894. the Stateestablished by chanical machines, dishwashing preCivil plantation, beauWar it time, after that becameShortly to the reducing thereby a minimum tiful its in setting of moss hung action concerted thatevident some infection possibility being of any oaks. if progress the necessary ofwas to carried the kitchen. is hospital built cot- a The on States in theleprosy was United

to be checked. Nothing definite tage plan, an effort being made to

was accomplished until February house each nationality by itself. A jDECAUSE of the tendency to

3, 1917, when Congress enacted typical cottage for patients consists mental depression and morlegislation and provided funds for of twelve private rooms, a recreabidity, every patient is kept busy the establishment of a National tion room, adequate bathing and in some way, dependent upon his is toilet condition. facilities, There work large physical and two for Lepers. committeeHome A

it, for are able to do screened verandas. cottages for all who The a site for the to selectwas appointed

proposed Leprosarium, but nothing are furnished with steam heat, hot which the government pays a fair more was done at the time, due to and cold water, electric lights, and wage. Those who are unable to

our entrance into the World War. are well ventilated. The purpose work are kept busy with the daily

The committee met with great opof such a cottage is to give each routine incident to their hospital position in obtaining a site, because patient a room and surroundings care. Patients are required to bathe

no State cared to cede territory to which might be considered as his each day, as cleanliness is insisted the Government for use as a leper upon, for upon this one point so settlement. The final solution of much depends in successful treatthe matter was arrived at, in 1921, ment of leprosy. Then there are

by purchasing from the State of visits to the dentist, and other speLousiana the estate occupied by the cialists in the hospital.

Louisiana Leper Home. The NaNot only are the physical and

tional Leprosarium was established occupational needs of the patients at Marine Hospital No. 66., under provided for, but the leisure time,

the United States Public Health as well. Two picture shows each

Service, with Dr. E. O. Denney as week, a pool room, radiophone conChief Medical Officer in Charge. certs, and musicals in which the

Since 1922, all confined lepers in patients are the performers, all help the United States have been taken to keep them happy. There is a

there. Rijksmuseum, Amsterdam band of about thirty pieces, and

The Improvement Era for August, 1933 613

a canteen, conducted by the patients examinations are made and patients to come home. One young woman

themselves, who also publish a showing clinical improvement are chose to stay with her leper husweekly news sheet. segregated, so far as possible, from band, whom she had married after

"It was surprising to me,"said their fellows. After repeated exshe had come to the hospital.

Dr. Daines, "That the patients aminations, any leper who has The government is very kind to

could outwardly exhibit such a shown clinical improvement for a those "cured"patients who choose marked spirit of cheer and optiyear and has not within that time to remain, but each patient makes mism. But, I found that it is the been found to be bacterioscopically his choice with the understanding

underlying spirit of the whole in- a leper is placed under special obthat should he ever desire to leave stitution. The experience of the servation for a period of two years, the colony, he must again pass all

hospital staff has taught them that at the end of which time he is given the long months of required exam- a happy, healthy mind is a great final consideration. Should he sucinations.

this final pass examinasuccessful factor in treatment of cessfully Carville is the Leprosarium The for tion, he is recommended asleprosy, well as most other parole only the the confines of within one diseases."and released, subject to further exUnited States, but there are several

Dr. E. O. Denney, Medical aminations by his State health auothers in the island possession, the

thorities once every forOfficer six months hospital, of the in Charge of prominent most which are:

years. three his period of Should is considered of the a onesmce 1922, Philippines, Station in the Culion

condition to satisfacbe continuebest experienced Lepermost and its largest the in of the colony kind is tory, final his given he dischargeologists in the being Before world. Settlement, world; an Molokai on as 'arrested'a case of leprosy, no at Carville,stationed Dr. Denney Isisolated island in the Hawaiian

a longer to public menace health."in charge the of Culionhad been lands; near Kalihi Hospital and

Station in the Philippines, and had TXHEN the patient passes this Honolulu, where all suspected cases spent some time at Molokai in examination, the Chief Medand those in the early stages are

Hawaii. ical Officer tells him that he is taken before being sent to Molokai.

Assisting are three Dr. Denney is "cured"it can and go home, in years ago, while number of Afull dentist, physicians, a a time then, real that the tragedy in the the mission, Islands a Hawaiian on bacteriologist,pharmacist, a and lives of of these patients some comes I visited Kalihi frequently the fifteen all trained nurses,about light. to

Hospital, Leper held where we Sisters. theseCatholic of Some occasion, several one patients On services. patients Sunday The therenoble been have more women for discharge came up the hosfrom

visitors separated the were from by years.than twenty Notable pital, among "cured."pronounced Only a It fence. a wire only high was Sister are Sisterthem and Martha of one leave to them the wanted

it fence, vast wire the but meantCatherine, devoted had colony. who many individual Each his had difference being "in"between and the toyears lepers. the work among particularly tragic for own reason

visit "out."being brought Each preferring to in settlethe remain said in cannot be much Too to a greater realization the of me ment, but in general thosepraise of reasons such courageous and men of suffered anguish some mind by were: to; to no lives go dedicate their home no towomen, way who of those unfortunate men, women, a to earn living thisthe without of unfortunate good hands group

side of children the other or and "on eyes; the family is unwilling people. forof other them one There

group of individuals, worthy of the fence."

more than mere mention here, the In my work, I frequently came wives and families of the men who in contact with at least two indidevote their lives to this work. viduals who had been in the leper

Many of them make even greater hospital, and had returned to their sacrifices than the men themselves, families "cured,"and I learned to and in return receive little praise or accept them willingly. It was

compensation, except the knowlthrough this experience that I came edge that they too are helping to to realize the slight possibility of fight this insidious foe. contracting leprosy in ordinary

It is not, altogether, a hopeless association.

disease. Since 1922, about one It was because of this experience,

hundred patients have been disand through my former association charged from the hospital, as with Dr. Daines as student and

"cured."As stated previously, if secretary, that I secured and have

taken in the early stages of its dewritten this interview.

velopment, leprosy can often be There is much more that could "arrested"and "cured"as far as be said concerning the problem of clinical and bacteriological tests can leprosy. Volumes have been writprove. ten about it, no doubt, volumes

Dr. Denney, in a Government more will be written. But, it is to

Bulletin on the Leprosy Problem in be hoped that the experimental the United States, gives a very clear work, being carried on at the prespicture of the rigid routine carried ent time, will enable those future hospital, the beforeon in any to the volumes be concerned with is released. statedpatient "At control for cure cause and of and inJackson, pioneer photographerPhoio by H. R.forM.

tervals, physical and bacterioscopic the Hayden Expedition. leprosy.

614 The Improvement Era for August, 1933

English Universities Continuedpage from586 with the result that today it is a London School of Economics and son, John Stuart, often referred to powerful, academic federation of Political Science. While all of the as "the saint of rationalism."Mill,

some thirtysix schools in and "schools"are coeducational in nathe younger, became the most inabout London engaged in teaching ture, there are four—more or less fluential political thinker of his

for generation. His System of Logicand research of a university stanresidential colleges—exclusively

dard. women: Bedford, Royal Holloand Principles of Political EconIn addition to its phenomenal way, Westfield and King's College omy occupying a prominent place

expansion in recent years, the Uniof Household and Social Science. in the history of thought. He is

versity has, as it went along, blazed Like all British universities, better known, however, for his many new trails. It was the first London is stateaided but not statefamous essays on Liberty, The

university in England to create a controlled. This unique arrangeSubjection of Women, etc. Both

faculty of science and one of the ment safeguards and promotes a Mills were actively identified with first to recognize English as a subdegree of academic freedom that is the founding of the University of ject of university study. It was unsurpassed in any other democLondon. John Stuart Mill was,

also the first university in England racy. It is a tradition that goes in fact, a student at University Colto admit women to degrees on equal far to explain the commanding lege from 182830.

terms with men. position which British universities The name of the University of

In 193132, ithad 11,800 fullas a whole, occupy in national life. London will forever be associated

time students in attendance, a numIn common with the other univerwith the history of medicine, if ber approximately onethird of all sities, London also has its own only through the work of the imthe university students in England elected representatives in Parliamortal Lister, who was both an and Wales. The proportion of ment. undergraduate and medical student

is greater also studentsgraduate in the University to 1847 from unigreat a description of 'M'O that university other ofthan any later, It a as 1852. was member brief, would versity, however Britain, race theirin Great and and faculty, of the did medical that he reference some without complete be isnationality varied. more The antiseptics. his famous work on significant the great to the and men of students, Indian undernumber

is recently to the noted be More it produced. has movements thisgraduate graduate, in and same the of nerSherrington work on University chief of founder The in excessyear of was thousand. two revous the nature of system and Jeremy the famous College was university situated in a me- A flex It action. also the in was utilitarianism of apostle Bentham, is, tropolis in a university way, "a University's laboratories that Dr. Principles Morals of of author andsquared,"as L. Fisher has A. H. perfected Lewis Thomas the other Legislation, and many and suggested.aptly in materials The deli- a electrocardiograph, famous freethinker, an a was works. He national libraries, archives,the the cate in worldgreat the of individualist, one and instrument—now galleries constitute and museums an action the recording wide his day. social of reformers use—forinvaluable necessarthe to adjunct a living of heart. It this in was tradition in the same Followingilylimited resources university. a of atmosphere same piomedical of brilliant his Mill and James came is this respect thereIn probably no neering that recently Harrington

university in the world quite so synthesized the active substance in situatedfavorably as the University the thyroid gland—thyroxin.of London. of completion The

the University's proposed buildings In the field of chemistry the on the Bloomsbury site, immediwork of the University of London ately north of the British Museum, has been no less unique. The diswill have the effect of making that coveries of Sir William Ramsay on

great repository and its unrivalled the rare gases of the atmosphere is library even more directly accessible but one of many enduring contrito its students. butions to chemical science and

human progress. The same thing is true in the

field of medicine. Such famous Nor has the University's sphere

hospitals as St. Thomas's, Guy's, of leadership been confined to

St. Bartholomew's, Middlesex and science. It was, for instance, at the

a dozen others of equal rank have Slade School of Art, University helped to make London and its College, says G. K. Chesterton with

University the center of medical characteristic wit, that "I discovresearch and education for the Britered I should never be an artist; and

ish Empire. it was at the lectures of Professor

I discovered I should In respect of staff, equipment, W. P. Ker that

range of courses, and studentbodies, never be a literary man!"It is

not generally known, either, that several of the "schools"of the

University of London are as large H. G. Wells, the novelist, holds a

as any average university. This is bachelor of science degree from the

true not only of University and University of London.

King's colleges, but also of The President George Albert Smith at Upon the eve of his retirement

Imperial College of Science and the a marker on the plains. from the Galton professorship in

The Improvement Era for August, 1933 615

the University of London, it is institutions and their founders that not lie in the number of its students timely to mention, also, the worldthey reacted against the exclusiveor the lavishness of its buildings or wide fame of Karl Pearson, the ness and the narrow outlook of the the renown of the men and women doyen of statisticians, without "old"universities, cast, as they who endow it, "but upon the qualwhose brilliant contributions to were, in a medieval mould. Like ity of its intellectual life, upon the

the science of measurement, much that of the newer American uniprevalence of a hearty and unafof the recent progress in the social versities, their history, when viewed fected interest in the things of the is a in record of the large, the exsciences would have been imposof discovery, the spirit mind, upon sible. a the pansion mind, of human

eagerness to receive and imand the for quest eternal chapter the in 'pHE remarkable achievements of truth and freedom. part knowledge. It implies a

London and the newer English The test of a university, said teaching force which does someuniversities is a record of which H. A. L. Fisher, in his address on thing more than cram docile batEngland may justly feel proud. It the occasion of the University of talions of students to pass examinais to the everlasting credit of these London centenary in 1928, does tions."

-1C<'V3I>- Tke Utah Art Barn Continuedpage from593 displaying not only painting, but launched early in November of that proving a gain, for in March, all branches of art in a center persame year, again most appropri1931, the city commissioners vaded by an atmosphere of inately, a large number of Chi Delta granted permission to officials of formal comeraderie, with tea room Phis immediately came to the supthe movement to erect a building and social rooms in conjunction port of the cause and have since on Reservoir Park between First with display rooms; such a center played a large part along with the South and South Temple on Unito have equal representation from other women's organizations of the versity Street. Following this

city, in bringing the Art Center to grant Mr. Woolley drew up plansall clubs and organizations—it

must be a community concern, to its present successful culmination. for a twelve thoussand dollar buildbe controlled not entirely by artists Scores of interested individuals ing and presented them to the ornor by those interested chiefly in have likewise allied themselves to ganization, which promptly actheir own artistic creation, but by the project and labored toward its cepted them.

lovers of art who in cooperation fulfilment.

to them might helpwith /artists called originally project was The acquainting programs O ADIO before their creationsplace an apsince a the Art Barn Movement, the public project and with the preciative public eye. The center, large brick barn on East South inviting support were broadcast

when once established, was to be Temple was considered as a housduring the Spring of 1931.

selfsupporting, depending for its ing possibility. Due to property Bazaars were held to raise funds,

upkeep not upon dues from mementanglements this had later to be a junior auxiliary consisting of the bers but upon such activities as abandoned, the loss, in the end, younger interested individuals was might be carried on within the art organized, and a Spring Fiesta was building such as tea room, rental held at the site of the building on of rooms by organizations, and a the lawn in Reservoir Park. Dursmall percentage from the sale of ing the summer and fall, several

art objects. This plan has been individuals and organizations made

adhered to by all those of building materials who have G5'contributions its realizationlabored toward gave one and the City Commission throughout the two years of prothousand dollars to be used in congress. struction which would provide emSpace will not permit a consider-;i ployment for unemployed workation of all the steps in organizamen. And on Sunday, October

tion and advancement, nor enumer19, ground was broken for the ation of all who have given building. Mayor John F. Bowmaterial,generously of service, and presented the plot of ground is man statement a briefmoney. Only social Sanford, Denise and Miss

possible. During the several months secretary of the junior members of

of the summer and fall of 1930 the art organization, turned a spade which elapsed before the project of soil. On December 6, Governor

was presented to the public and Dern laid the cornerstone in the while it was being broadened, foundation of the new building, tested, and completed in all its appropriate ceremonies marking the details, as well as throughout the event.

two successive years of difficult upbuilding, the encouragement and Since the original plan of houscooperation of Mr. Taylor Wooling had been abandoned in favor

ley and Mrs. Ernest L. Dee proved of a building of dignity and

invaluable, Mr. Woolley attending Alma Clayton and his sister at Inbeauty, it seemed advisable to relinin addition to the housing probdependence Rock, described by their quish the name of Art Barn for a

lem. When the plan was finally father in 1847. more suitable title. After a lengthy

616 The Improvement Era for April, 1933

consideration of a great variety of have contributed fifty dollars or with its great fireplace at one end.

names, the name of Utah Art more to the organization; those Already this gallery has been

Studio was chosen, but was received organizations or clubs who as graced by several exhibits of the with no enthusiasm, so the old charter members have contributed works of Utah artists. From the

name, "Art Barn,"was officially one dollar per member from, ninety main gallery the tea room with readopted. percent of their membership; those adjacent service rooms takes off at

The plan of organization of the firms or individuals to be known as the west and south end, while opnew movement was, in the main, charter donors, donating building posite and near the entrance a broad a plan conceived by Mr. Harold materials to the extent of fifty dolstaircase leads to a smaller gallery

Pickering and makes possible reprelars or more. and social hall on the upper floor.

sentation of all organizations, and Other charter members, either Here also one meets the generous participation of all interested citiindividuals or organizations, shall reception of an inviting fireplace.

zens. Such a plan iincludes Preshave the names of their organizaAn adjoining room to be fitted as a

ident, First VicePresident, Second tions entered jin the historic book studio will be available for rental

VicePresident, Treasurer, Recordto be preserved for that purpose in with or without the social hall.

ing Secretary, Corresponding Secthe archives. In convenient proximity is the

retary, officers these constituting service waiter with room dumb so have Those expended whothe Executive Committee. In service tea the below. from room effort the venture admuch upon must it /a callsdition for Historian and is the in given over basement The thrill experience a satisfaction at ofCommittees Finance, Publicity, on interesting to exhibition main an sight the of building nearing nowHouse Statewide Management, for displays of various the room completion. depression which TheAffairs, Entertainment, and Daily carecrafts. are the addition here In militated desperately so against theActivities. Directors of Board A taker's storage a quarters room. and raising necessary of funds to comis the of made up Executive Complete in the building, the end was as already center themittee of plus aim vicethe chairman and npHE

chairman of each of six councils turned to invaluable account; for suggested is to provide through

Art adopted Barn was Utah form, the a center interest art for representativewhich of mathe common skilled of the prolabor as one fewchinery of all interested for appreciation art lovers groups, and such as Art, Crafts, Music, Literjects for setting unemployed men artists. For the most part the

ature, Women's Organizations, to work, and several thousand dolartistic impulse thrives only upon

Men's Organizations, plus seven lars were extended by Mr. Gus cultivation. The artist must have

additional directors chosen from Backman, Mr. Richard R. Hart, an audience in order to do his best

nonprofessionalartist members at Mr. Theodore L. Holman, Mr. W. work, for communication is an eslarge at the yearly election, the R. Wallace, and by other members sential element of artistic activity.

board thus consisting of twentyof the make work committee, toAnd the lover of art finds satisfacfive directors. The first officers ward this end, and as a result many tion only if he can have a direct

were: President, Mrs. John Jensen; men sorely in need of work were experience of artistic creations. To

First VicePresident, Mrs. George given employment. The building promote aesthetic activity through

W. Davy; Second VicePresident, is of colonial design, charmingly satisfying both these desires, the

Mrs. Robert Murray Stewart; adapted to its setting of green park desire of the artist and that of the

Treasurer, Miss Ann M. Cannon; and blue water, the manywin- lover of art, is the ambition of the

Recording Secretary, Mrs. Elwood dowed tea room reflecting the westorganization. The art center is to

Bachman; Corresponding Secreern sunshine upon the sparkling belong to all who are interested in

tary, Mrs. Louisa Bintz; and Direservoir. Informal landscaping art and is to foster all artistic inrectors, Mrs. W. W. Ray, Mrs. with terraces and rockery produce terests. The hearts of our people

W. H. Lovesy, Mrs. John F. Benaround it a natural effect in comhave always beat in time to beauty

plete the hospitable harmony withnett, afford to Mrs. opportunity Orval Mrs. Adams, W.—to dignified interior. although The attain toBlaine phase is one Wilson, Mrs. G. F. Hickbeauty—thatample leads entrance galthe into main of the of the twofold aim C. J. Wheatlake,man, B. Mr. Utah Mr.

Edward P. Kimball, Mr. Thomas lery, a large room elevating in atArt Barn. This the Barn hopes

Giles, Mr. Cornelius Salisbury, mosphere, light and wellbalanced, to accomplish through the display

Mr. Joseph A. F. Everett, and the of works of art, both the creations

Reverend Mr. Jacob Trapp. of Utah artists and of those from

elsewhere. The other phase of the

T TNTIL the official opening day twofold aim is to develop the culof the Utah Art Barn, any tural possibilities of our communcitizen of the State of Utah was eliity, to maintain it above the level gible to charter life membership in of a mere manufacturing center, of the organization upon the pay- a mere distributing center, to overment of one dollar or more. Any come to some extent the disadvanorganization or club in the State tages of our geographical isolation

of Utah is eligible to charter life from large centers of art—our

membership in either the Men's or mountains are beautiful but they

Women's Councils of the Art hem us in. Through foresight and

Studio upon payment of ten dolwell directed effort the organization lars or more. Honorary mention hopes to develop here within the

is to be made upon a plaque upon confines of our Great Basin an art the wall of those individuals to be comparable to that which lies beknown as charter patrons, who The Caravan on the Plains yond.

The Improvement Era for August, 1933 617

page 5 99How to be Safe in the Water Continued from a minute or a little over and then rules. One of these is: never apdeavor to force the arms loose by

fairly explode. Most expert swimproach a drowning person at the pressing the knees against the

mers can hold their breath for two front. If you do, he will wind his drowning man's abdomen. In

or more minutes. arms around your neck and drag either case you can then seize the

The usual cause for the drownyou down. Always go behind person from behind, rise to the suring of swimmers is cramps. Even him. Seize the person by the arms face, and strike out for shore, as

expert swimmers drown from near the shoulders; press your knee already described.

cramps because of not knowing in the small of his back. This I have frequently encountered

what to 6.0 when they get them. will straighten out the body horipersons who acted in both ways,

You may easily break a cramp zontally, while the strain upon the and am therefore speaking from a in your leg by floating on your arm of the rescuer in towing him long experience.

back and massaging the leg that will keep the face of the person Another good plan is for the reshas the cramp with your hands. rescued clear of the water, thus cuer to throw himself upon his

The arms may be treated in a enabling him to breathe freely, the back, placing the person's head on similar manner. The worst cramp rescuer using his right arm and his the pit of his own stomach, kicking

is in the stomach. You can break legs to enable him to reach the shore out vigorously with his legs at

it, too, by floating on your back or other position of safety. right angles, as in back swimming

and massaging the affected muscles. When the person endangered having previously taken in a line

If that fails, try to bend your body keeps turning around, as some have of alignment to steer by. This is

back and grasp your two feet from done with me, it is best to swim the best method of carrying a helpunder with your hands, bending around him until the person can less person a great distance.

the body backward as far as posbe so seized as mentioned, from These are the best known methsible. This is a considerable bit of behind, thus avoiding the drownods of saving life, and I have pracacrobatics in the water for the ing person's grasp, which is very tised both successfully for many

average person, but it seldom fails tenacious. years.

to restore circulation in the abShould you, however, happen to dominal muscles. If this, however, be seized by the grasp of a drown- A THIRD method, efficacious

still leaves the cramp undiminished, ing person, which so frequently when the imperilled man is alkeep floating on your back and proves fatal to both, do not lose ready unconscious, is to swim very paddle your hands a little, pushing your presence of mind, but having fast upon the breast, pushing your your hands away from you. In taken a full breath, allow yourcharge before you. In case he is

this way you will be able to propel self to sink with the person. In insensible, the main object is to get

yourself ashore or to remain afloat nine cases out of ten he will let go him ashore at once, either above or until somebody comes to rescue his hold, and endeavor to reach the beneath the water.

you. surface, believing that you are also Again, you may support the

Of all the agencies for suppressin danger of drowning. Should, drowning person with one hand

ing ruthless destruction of life, however, the grasp be retained, engrasping him under his right or left none is more important than the armpit, grasping his arm after you methods used to prevent drowning. have turned him on his back, meanEverybody should have a knowlwhile propelling yourself with the

edge of lifesaving. For you can other hand. When two rescuers

never tell when you may see someare at hand, this is an easy method;

one drowning, and his life may each seizes an arm of the person depend upon your knowledge of they mean to save, and together lifesaving. they make light work of towing

him to shore.

A/fANY of our best swimmers When the person has sunk, and shrink involuntarily from it becomes necessary to dive, you making the attempt to save a felcan be guided by the air bubbles lowcreature in danger of perishing which rise to the surface, perpenin the water. Most people make a dicularly if the water is still, and

mistake in thinking that it takes a diagonally if the stream is running.

strong person to save a drowning Immediately on reaching the botman, but this is altogether wrong. tom, seize the person; a slight jerk

Lifesaving requires only courage will suffice to raise the body, and and dexterity. There are various the surface may be reached in a few

ways to save people from drownseconds by pressing the water ing. Which one is to be used dedownward with the disengaged

pends a great deal upon the nature hand and both feet in the usual of the place where the accident hapway.

pens, whether it is in the river, or It may be, owing to the discolorthe sea, near the shore or in midation of the water or other causes, ocean, in a place where help is on the wouldbe rescuer beneath the hand, or a deserted lonely spot. surface is unable to see the drownThere are, however, a few general Early Morning at Rock Creek ing person. In such a case it is

618 The Improvement Era for August, 1933

best to wait above for a minute for one is attacked from the rear, a impossible for him to take oxygen a reappearance. quick twist which brings one into into his lungs and purge the blood

Before making the attempt at position facing the person, followed of its excess CO. The object of the

rescue, divest yourself of as much by the same methods used in breakrescuer is to begin an interchange clothing as possible, tearing off ing the front neck hold will cause of air in the lungs immediately.

your garments if necessary; at all an immediate release. There are various methods of

events remove your shoes if time EVERYBODY should have a resuscitation, but the most efficient permits. There may be cases when knowledge of the methods of to use is the Shafer method. Lay

time will not permit the removal resuscitation. No matter how the patient on his stomach, one arm

of any portion of clothing. good a swimmer you may be, unat his side and the other under his

I have been frequently asked less you can revive a drowning perhead. The mouth should be cleared

why a drowning person rises to son after you have rescued him, of all mucus and dirt, thoroughly the surface two or three times. My your efforts are practically worthand quickly, and the tongue should

own belief is that the air remaining less. Of what good is rescuing a be pulled forward so that it may

in the lungs may not become endrowning person if you can't bring not fall back into the throat and tirely exhausted at the first immerhim back to life? obstruct the air passages. If there

sion, consequently the body pos- A drowning person passes is a slant to the ground on which sesses sufficient buoyancy to rise through three stages in losing his the patient is laid, the head is placed again. This may be repeated a consciousness and life. When a lower than the feet to insure water

second time or even a third, or person who cannot swim finds drainage from the throat. The

fourth, according to the quantity himself suddenly without support head is turned to the side from of air in the lungs. in the water, he grasps at anything which there may be a current of air.

If you spring from a boat to he can find. This is the period of All clothing should be removed

at least from the save a drowning person—or indeed struggling, when the victim hardly from the body,

the knows what he is struggling waist up. All this should be done for any reason—leap from

stern. Over the stern, also, you against. As he becomes more and as quickly as possible, so that there

must drag a struggling person from more unconscious he passes into a may not be time wasted in starting the water, or if you are yourself period of convulsions, which state respiration.

swimming, climb into the boat. If is not at all painful, for the victim Place your hands, with the

the boat is light and the weight of is losing consciousness. Soon, howthumbs inward, on the lower ribs.

the person bears upon her side, she ever, exhaustion overcomes him and Pressure is brought with a downmove- forward and inward ward, may if the he is to all intents and purposes heels of the hands. the ment, with person capsize—particularlyis making strong, illdirected dead.

movements to climb in. When treating an apparently This pressure is relaxed quickly,

There is no grip that may be drowned person it should be borne a short pause and then applied had in the water that cannot be in mind that he is dead, at least again. It should be timed to about

or a minute, times the twelve or fifteen broken. is proven by This the from for the time being—not seconds to a comor five four polo, holds about of water in which game effect (although there water of may

and breaks play a prominent part. be a little in his lungs and a great plete movement. As soon as the

Experience has proven that the deal in his stomach), but is patient begins breathing ever so drowning person will usually grasp asphyxiated, because it has become slightly, he should be dried and the rescuer by a firm hold on the wrapped in a blanket. He may be

wrists, holding either one or both massaged (always toward the wrists. By a strong hold of either heart) but this can be done sufankle, or by a neck hold, taken ficiently well through the blanket

from the front or rear. The one so as not to expose any part of the

seeking aid might also clutch his body which would cause a loss of benefactor around the body from warmth. The patient can be

in front, pinning the arms to the warmed by hot water bottles, hot sides, or else may grasp the wrists bricks, hot towels, or hot newswhen the arms are lowered. papers, most effectively applied at

To break any of these holds rethe palms of the hands, soles of quires a cool head; no unnecessary the feet, under the arms and bemovements should be performed. tween the legs. As soon as the

If care is taken in approaching the patient is sufficiently conscious, a drowning person, very little hazard stimulant, such as hot black coffee is involved. As I have previously may be given, but never try to

described, always approach a force a stimulant down the throat drowning person from the rear. It of an unconscious person.

is then an easy matter to bring him to a position for the back or side npHE points to be remembered stroke carry. are: First and immediately,

Wrist holds are broken by bringthe restoration of breathing; and,

ing the feet up and pushing against secondly, after breathing is restored, the chest or abdomen of the subject. the promotion of warmth and cir-

A grasp on the ankle may be reculation.

moved by revolving the body and Raising the old flag with 20 star* The efforts to restore breathing kicking away at the same time. If at Fort Bridger. must be commenced immediately

The Improvement Era for August, 1933 619

lose your courage or yourand energetically, and persevered in expecting it—by "autosugges- Don't

for one or two hours, or until a tion"as a psychologist would say. head if you happen to find yourself

medical man has pronounced that Don't stay in the water a minute too far out to swim back yourself;

life is extinct. after you have become fatigued or simply turn on your back, place

Efforts to promote warmth and chilled. your hands under your back, padcirculation, beyond removing the Don't go in swimming if you dle with your feet, and, above all,

wet clothing and drying the skin, are tired out from dancing, riding, breathe naturally.

must not be made until the first or a long walk. Don't yell at a man in danger of

appearance of natural breathing, for Don't go out farther than a drowning; the best swimmer will

if circulation of the blood be indepth equal to your own height if drown if subject to a sudden fright.

duced before breathing has recomyou are liable to heart failure. Don't get frightened if you have

menced, the restoration to life will Don't swim away from the a cramp; a cramp generally comes

be endangered. crowd if you are not a very good in an arm or a leg; so simply raise

In the winter when rivers are swimmer. the cramped part out of the water

covered with ice, many accidents Don't let your friends dare you float easily and massage the cramphappen by persons breaking into to swim farther than you have ed part with your hand for a few the ice. Let all people go away swum before. moments, when you will be all

from the ice, get a ladder and rope Don't attempt to rescue another right once more.

as quickly as possible, and throw person from drowning unless you Don't stand on the shore after the rope to the drowning man, are a very good swimmer yourself. a swim until you have dried yourwith a lifesaving belt. Break all Don't feel that it is your duty self off with a rough towel if there

the weak ice away, until you can that you plunge in after every perisn't a strong sun out.

get a firm landing for him. son who is liable to be drowned; Don't go in the water on an

Prevent unnecessary crowding remember that a drowning person empty stomach either. You will

of persons round the body, espeis a lunatic generally and is liable become exhausted more quickly on cially if in an apartment. to drag you to your own death an empty stomach than you will

Avoid rough usage, and do not unless you are capable of floating if you have something in it.

allow the body to remain on the with a heavy load under all cirDon't push another person In the back unless the tongue is secured. cumstances. water, with the foolish but popular

Under no circumstances hold the Don't plunge into the water to notion that you can thus teach him body up by the feet. save a drowning person without to swim, as this only gives him a

On no account place the body in first shouting loudly for help. fear of the water and he loses con-

a warm bath, unless under medical Don't lose your equilibrium befidence.

direction, and even then it should cause a fellow swimmer is in danger Don't strike a man on the head be employed as a momentary exof drowning; confused heads cause to make him unconscious if he recitant. more drownings than inability to sents your aid while drowning;

Don't do any of these things if swim. such a plan, though common in

you want to be safe in the water. Don't throw yourself into the America, Is as foolish as it Is cruel

Don't enter the water immediwater to rescue another if a rope or and dangerous.

ately after having eaten a hearty a boat is within reasonable reach. Always notice the way the tide

meal. Two hours at least should is running. When it is running

be allowed between eating and imout, to swim a long way from mersion. shore is dangerous. It is a well

Don't enter the water while the known fact even a first class swimbody is heated, as the sudden immer can make but little headway mersion from heat to cold will afagainst a strong tide. Therefore,

fect the whole system and induce never swim out with the tide, uncramps. less you have a boat with you.

Don't stand too long on the Swim parallel with the shore, where shore after coming out of the water, you can always reach the bottom without drying yourself. when feeling tired.

Don't stay too long in the water. But if the tide is running in you

Overexposure to water is a danneed not have any fear of venturing gerous practice for people who have out for some distance. The tide

not a strong constitution. As soon will bring you back to shore.

as you begin to feel cold, leave the > e4ggt8water and dress immediately, or Pioneer Eternalyou will be quite likely to find your legs and arms contracting By Ora Lewis painfully. rpAREWELL!

-* I must: go because enter deep Don't water when

for spheres of undiscovered To Isearch are tired, never too andyou swim... thought

far out from shore. To fathom depths of feeling yet unknown...

T\0 not dread the cramp. I have ToFarewellrise to realms of action yet untried.

known imaginative people to President Grant addressing the If I return unto the level of today bring on the contraction merely by crowds at Fort Bridger. It is because I play the traitor to myself!

620 The Improvement Era for August, 1933

M. I. A. June ConferenceContinuedpage from604

the Sunday afternoon Tabernacle provided at various booths. Sunday afternoon session, under

meeting under the direction of the There is always a high spot in the direction of President Grant.

First Presidency. Here the speaker every conference. This year such Music for this meeting was by the

again paid tribute to the missionary honors could easily be given to the Tabernacle choir, with Edward P.

system of the Church and of its'early morning testimony meeting Kimball at the organ.

accomplishments. The unselfish held Sunday. Coming as it did, President Grant, at this meeting,

service of the missionary and his after the one hour national broadmade a stirring appeal from the development while in the mission cast of the Tabernacle choir and Tabernacle pulpit for members of field were points of attraction, the organ, during which the Taberthe Church to bear the testimony speaker said. nacle was filled to capacity, this of the divine mission of Joseph

At the Boy Scout meeting a pro- M. I. A. testimony meeting held in Smith and to defend it before all

cessional was held during which the Assembly Hall, was a real spirthe world.

feast. this itual past years In of Scouts dressed in costumesBoy President said, beGrant "We over meeting turned been had flags of thethe displayed nations to lieve other has that no begun man

I. officers visiting A. and mem- M. countries in whichthe twentytwo exercise to inthe wonderful same

the Church at the present time bers, during which they testified of fluence that Joseph Smith has exersponsors Boy Scout programs. As the value of M. I. A. work to them cised and that his power grows day

the boys came to the pulpit of the and of their love and devotion for by day."

the work. flags, parts theirTabernacle with said further, "it he me,""To difi'erent year, a however, This playeachof national were anthem is source a the delight keenest of policy for adopted. time was The organ. theed Tabernacle on famous

life that in as traveling during my over bearing turned testimony was directed Dr. ceremony was byThis I in in lands have and many many to the the general of two members of the Taylor, H. Y.John M. M. climes, that childhood from my large inboards. of short numberI. first A general board A. and Boy I until days never have today found faithtalks, spirational containing the commissioner Church,Scout of in slightest that deanything the etc., experiences, promoting was ago. yearstwenty gree faith in has the weakened my result. the far matter M. how No

divine mission of the ProphetPRESIDENT ANTHONY W. I. A. conference delegates had

IVINS who as a member of the traveled, whether it be from CanJoseph Smith.

general board at that time made the ada or Mexico, or from the Pacific "I have never found anything motion that the M. I. A. adopt the or the Atlantic coast, had they only in his writings, I have never found

official Boy Scout program of the attended this one meeting, they anything in his teachings, I have national council, was an honored would have returned to their homes never found anything that any manguest and speaker at the meeting. well paid for having made the ever knew that he taught—in asHe told of the early struggles to get journey to Salt Lake. It was truly sociating as I have in my childhood

Scouting into the Church program the high spot of the conference. with Brigham Young and the men

of activities for its youth and dewho were associated with the Proagain Tabernacle was phet never thatscribed have the found opposition was 'HE Joseph—-I

at the to capacity crowded in the slightest that has anything expressedvoiced at that time. He

his early conversion to the value degree lessened my faith and love of the Boy Scout program and said for this man who was the instruafter study of the Scout Law, he ment in the hands of God in estabbelieved it to be one of the best lishing again upon the earth, the definitions of the fundamentals of gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ.

religion. President Grant, briefly, "On the other hand, what have

told of his interest in the Boy Scout I found? All my life I have found

work being done by the M. I. A., first one evidence and then another

and expressed a desire that it be that was calculated in its very nacontinued in the future with inture to strengthen my faith in him creasing zeal. as a prophet of the living God."

Saturday afternoon saw a different but highly pleasing form of pOLLOWING this meeting a entertainment for conference visnumber of pioneer people and itors. It was in the nature of a others interested in the Old Social

carnival held on the campus of the Hall, first place of entertainment

L. D. S. College. Here under the and social happenings in the Salt

direction of the community activity Lake Valley, gathered at the site of committee of the general boards a the old building on State Street and program, resembling somewhat a Motor Avenue, where the M. I. A.

threering circus, was presented. in cooperation with the Utah PioSomething was doing every minute, neer Trails and Landmarks, unand when one was not looking or veiled a monument and marker

listening, he could have been and commemorating the old building probably was enjoying the sodaand what it stood for in the way water, icecream, popcorn, etc.. The Post Office of the Plains of pioneering in recreation.

The Improvement Era for August, 1933 621

The concluding session of the fragrance, its color, its enthusiasm, QBEDIENCE to the counsel of conference was held in the Taberits hopes and its dreams? Surely those in authority over them,

nacle Sunday evening. A chorus not one who understands, not one was stressed by President Grant in

of approximately 600 young men who remembers his young days a brief address. He said there was

and young women from the Salt when his heart was buoyant and no greater happiness in the world

Lake and nearby stakes, under the filled with the love of adventure. than to be in harmony with the

leadership of J. Spencer Cornwall "To make youth understand leaders of the Church. The Presand Evangeline Thomas Beesley, that they are understood, however, ident said that it was important to

presented the music for this meetit is essential that all phases of their find out what is the right and what ing. living be dealt with in a very pracis the wrong thing to do. If we try

Under the title, "Culture and tical way. Religion will guide to find out from those who have

Happiness,"Elder Stephen L. Richthem only if it is made to appear the right to give us counsel and

ards, of the Council of the Twelve adequate and satisfying. To that advice we would do right always

Apostles, gave one of the most end, the Church, whose purpose is and keep in the straight and narrow inspiring addresses of the entire to serve, has endeavored to meet the path, he declared.

conference. Pointed excerpts from full circle of requirements."The President expressed his dehis talk are: Elder Richards declared that light with the meetings of the con-

"It seems almost incredible that many youths had found themselves ference he had attended and asked blessings the to conof the Lord tO'the on happiness way through in recent the times truth hasonly tinue everyone in with engaged the offices the of good the Mutual Imto forcefully thebeen brought of the work Mutual Improvement Associations. provement are that that theyworld 'men Association the throughout coming

might have joy,'and that even evil "I wish,"he said, "every young year's work.

itself is in the world to enhance person in the Church would yield As a fitting climax to a splendid ultimately the joy of man. How to the influence and teachings of conference the chorus of young

much these cheerful, hopeful philthis great educational and cultural people sang "Ode To Youth."

osophies have added to the beauty agency. If they would, there This song composed by Spencer

and vitality of religion we can would be among them no smoking, Cornwall and Elsie Talmage scarcely realize, and the world does no drinking, no wild parties with Brandley, was featured in last not yet understand. their tragedies and disasters. There year's gigantic music festival. Fond

"As I conceive it, one of the would be no tragedies come into memories of that great event floated major purposes of the Great Mutual the sacred precincts of the home, into the minds of many as they

Improvement Association is to tragedies worse than death. There listened to this smaller but neverteach people that they can be good would be no lifelong regrets and theless, large chorus sing the song

and still be happy. Perhaps this bitter memories when maturity under the baton of its composer.

is more forcefully stated conversely, brings realization of the crimes of The spiritual feast was over, and be truly thousands that they cannot of happy I. A. workers M. I wish it could be idea is youth. Howunless are good. the feel its throughout they will This Church

an immense contribution particuso. It could be if the young and influence in the communities

larly to youth. Youth loves and the old alike could only be made through the renewed efforts of

longs for happiness. Who would to realize that there is no happiness those who participated in the conrob the springtime of life, of its except in goodness."ference sessions.

-flC<j<5lPromise of the WheatContinuedpage from5 83 reconciled to living there and would can raise seed enough for some of had come up lustily, and was growlove the land and the wheat as he these struggling chaps on the dry ing like mad—strong, sturdy

did. Fay tried to be cheerful, but lands, and enough to feed anyone young plants, promising much in

a shadow lay between them. The who is hungry and needs it in this the way of harvest.

shadow of the wheat. part of the country."The mail carrier's little car was

The next fall she admitted that Fay had indulged in a snifi. It whirling away in the distance in a

Frank might have been wise. He was well enough to have such cloud of dust when Fay reached

had sold his wheat crop at a fair philanthropic ideas, but it was the mail box. It was the day on

price just before the great financial rather silly to spend all one's time which she received her favorite debacle. The Morgans had money and effort on them. magazine. She pulled it out of the

enough to see them through several The next year wheat prices were box, and a letter dropped at her difficult years. And they had the lower, but Frank was loyal to his feet.

land. fields and planted them. Hard She picked it up. From Grace

Wheat prices were descending the times had struck the farming counDawson, who had been her best next year, but Frank sowed and try. Frank frequently gave away friend in high school days. Grace,

cared for his acres as before. great bags of wheat, and Fay married and living in Mayville,

"You can't make anything out suspected that money occasionally was often in Fay's thoughts, but of it,"Fay had told him rather went with it, but she said no word. Grace was busy, and didn't write

bitterly. This spring prospects were no often.

"Perhaps not. But someone better, but the wheat evidently had Fay tore open the letter and

might need my wheat. At least I not heard of the depression. It scanned it hurriedly.

622 The Improvement Era for August, 1933

"Fay, dear, you must come down the first happy person I've seen in somewhat dimmed that evening.

to Mayville as soon as you can,"months. Everyone is complaining When, bathed and refreshed and

Grace had written. "I have a about lost jobs and bank failures clad in a pretty blue frock, she went

charming friend here from New and low wages until it is so tiredown for dinner, she was delighted

York, and there are so many some. That's all Charles talks to see that Grace had invited several

parties. We're having a glorious about any more. Really, it's tireof her school friends and their hustime, but we do miss you. Tear some."bands to dine. The table, bright

yourself away from Frank for a with flowers and sparkling with week or two or more, and join us. A'.T the house Fay met crystal and silver, looked festive,

We'll have so much fun. Write me Cynthia Weatherell, the friend but the faces about it were not in

at once when to meet you."from New York of whom Grace keeping. Most of the men looked

had written. She had expected the tired, and their faces were strained.

IhERE was more. Fay friendsaw, toto herbe youngsurprise,andthatgay,Mrs.but Thebrightly,womenbut theretalkedwasquicklya senseandof

slowly. again,read it more

It Her Weatherell in was the air. a middleaged something wrong

the letter as she placedfingers shook all smartlygowned, natural. woman, not at wasn't easy, it wasn't Fay

envelope. She would in theback quietly. spoke she had the realized. But broke who the men When

still had the moneygo. She felt smile, Frank a sweet to silence drawn and Fay surround that seemed

he so long her ago given whenhad first. her the to their voices speak, from sounded to them

there. a winter to her spendurged do, to you do what want "And hollow.

trip. it her part. of use onShe would asked were they Grace Fay?"when of then them one some and Now plenty with which be wouldThere in alone Fay's room. business, but mention some would clothes and prettyto some new buy I can't behis wife laughing remark from "Oh—everything!accessories.

a gin soon Shops, enough. and silent again. cause to be him would it about told when Frank She hairdresser's, theaters and and feel the suppose don't "I you his for lunch. inhe came parties! I've living been with in the coundepression out much "It urged. he go, honey,""Do I've so long forgotten wheat some little Charles asked in a try?"Fay I good. worry you dowould civilization, delights the of but of pause. stay the you aboutsometimes way as to be reminded of I want them in as not you "Perhaps Maydo so after withhere, month, month as possible."quickly ville,"answered. some "But Fay Mayville,little to pleasure. Go girl, to to have "Lucky money been of the small farmers have I handle time. a can have goodand hairdressers,"shops spend on and to hit it."She badly by on went send at this end.everything You

is said lightly. Grace "Charles taxes mortgages. of speak and tell you're her telegram, aGrace and getting terribly stingy. been He's

right away."coming

it's cutting a until allowance my a few has been helping "Frank rest the agreed, spent and Fay effort real stretch to absolute it over a for years,"she of of couple them preparations in theof happy day necessities."said. a going. herfor Frank She baked Fay's bright happiness was out. protest clamor of broke A the cake, put and a huge andham

little house in shining order. "He shouldn't do it,"exclaimed

They rose in the early morning Iris Graham, a pretty blonde who Homesteaders was beautifully dressed. "A perand drove along the silent, dewy

country to the station. By Maud E. Uschold son should hold tight to everything

"I'll be back in a weekor mayhe has in times like these. I call

dreamers to give like that. turned the it wicked -FISTED TTARD-F Why, Frank. she promisedbe two—"'- -* wir\ ry sod it yourself."need you may a honey. hurry, Make "Don't their future wrinkled And sowed on the flushed. face sudFay's She felt this.real as long Stay of vacation loam;

as you like, and have a fine time,"Uneven endless miles of furrow trod. denly angry. In her heart she had,

times, gener- a questioned Frank's tame earth plot of and To make it at her.he urged had

home. it osity to others, she viewed but train of she thought the On

in a different rose light now. She to her! he goodFrank. was of soil; rasp the breaking How sharpened The

to defend him. breath life hers. harderHis than was He

worked so long, and so uncomOf horses straining; and the Bob "A man should look after his

White's song first,"interests Iris insisted, own so generousplainingly, and was to Blended in mellow air. Man placed his did that, there "if people wouldn't his in thoughts.everyone, even He faith

had not had a vacation since they In this new land, and made the furrows be so many demanding charity at had been married. She might have long. this time."

suggested that he accompany her, Cool showersthirsty soil;probed the strange and

or that they take a trip together. Inquiring winds stirred through the SURPRISINGLY,

But it was too late for that. surge of wheat; several of the men spoke In support

stars fruit the shone of upon down late afternoon she The It was when of others. sharing of with One toilreached Mayville, did not but Fay all scarcely them, spoken who had it life symbols to from wrung make On

seem tired. She was eagerly joysweet. evening, began to tell with animaous, and so bubbling over with tion of the soup kitchen his service

they do, full Shone as harvests whilelaughter that Grace was enchanted and club was sponsoring.

pass,with her. should visit it. Iris,"he "You earth nourish or buffalo Whether wheat

"You're just what we needed,"grass. said, smiling at Mrs. Graham, "and

Grace assured her. "Really, you're watch the faces of some of the peo-

The Improvement Era for August, 1933 623

pie who are obliged to go there for that she believed he would enjoy. we may be able to persuade you to

food to keep body and soul toDuring the next few days Fay stay."

gether. Their faces arc pictures of was thoughtful and rather preocSo Fay set out for home, after a

desperation and despair, at times. cupied. She went to parties dutifarewell talk with Mrs. Weatherell,

And how good it is when one can fully enough, but she didn't enjoy and a promise from the easterner see a bit of hope dawn in such a them. to visit the ranch for a genuine taste

face!""It seems like dancing while of western life. It seemed to her

Mrs. Weatherell, who had been Rome burns,"she remarked to Mrs. that the train moved slowly and

listening interestedly, began to tell Weatherell, with whom she had stopped at every crossing along the of the relief work done in her own struck up a firm friendship. way. Her thoughts kept flying

town. The men asked many quesMrs. Weatherell answered with ahead. Perhaps Frank had not retions. The women remained, in a smile. ceived her telegram! Perhaps he

general, in discontented silence. The next day Fay told Grace she would not be there to meet her

After dinner Fay found herself was going to start home the next by Mrs. Weatherell. morning.

"I'd like to talk to you for a "Why, I thought you were go- O HE was trembling little while, if you don't mind,"ing to stay for a real visit,"Grace with excitement when the train she invited. "The game places are objected. "We haven't seen half drew to a stop at her station. The

filled without us, and if you don't of the girls yet, and there are ever brakeman helped her out with her mind a little conversation, you'd so many parties planned. Why bundles and bags. She stood alone

be doing me a favor to talk to me."are you going, Fay?"on the platform. Frank hadn't

Fay expressed her pleasure in the "Well, Grace, I must confess it's come! Perhaps something had

opportunity. Mrs. Weatherell's a childish ailment."happened to him, and she could

interest in the farm and life there "Ailment?"never tell him how wrong she had

amazed Fay. She talked on and "I'll tell you all. To be truthbeen, how badly she had behaved.

on, and found herself growing ful, I'm homesick. For the ranch. A car was speeding down the

enthusiastic about the great hills For Frank."road to the station, its headlights

that sheltered the valley, the vast Grace laughed wholeheartedly. flashing through the darkness. Fay

stretches of clean air, the ever- "I suspected as much. Fay, held her breath. It might be somechanging pageant of color. Frank must be a marvel. We're one coming for her, bringing her

coming up this summer to learn bad news. "And your husband—tell me more of him,"Mrs. Weatherell just what the attraction is."The car pulled up, stopped. A

urged. "Do. And you won't feel hurt familiar voice shouted.

Fay didn't need much urging. It if I dash away tomorrow?"Her weak knees carried her to it.

was easy to talk of Frank, to tell "No, angel. I understand. But Frank was there, well, smiling,

of his hard work, his cheery nature, you must promise to come back real!

his thought for others. soon.""Why, honey, what's the mat-

"I think you are a very fortunate Fay couldn't promise. ter?"he was concerned. "You're

woman,"Mrs. Weatherell said "I will promise that next time crying."

gently when the recital was ended. I'll bring Frank,"she said. "Just so glad to be home,"she

"I'm just learning how fortu- "That will be perfect. Then sobbed.

nate,"Fay confessed. "And now "Didn't you have a nice time?"

I'm wondering how I can be suf- "Lovely. But I was homesick,

ficiently grateful and appreciative."Sonnet for Men Frank—homesick for you, and the

"I don't believe you'll find that By Margaret MacchandBrown ranch."

too hard."Mrs. Weatherell smiled. It seemed hard for her to explain

they make steel men to her the happened go in what had on In the morning Grace took Fay TTrHENvy streets grimy visit. shopping. him, over tried to tell She buckets to the constant swinging With

"I thought you were going to flap the supper that celebrated her rebuy out the town,"Grace laughed Of leather aprons, marking hearty beats turn.

earners'breasts. In tangy them the For course you've over luncheon. "Of "I been had wrong I knew how sap I had not things, but what bought said. this time, she Frank,"crucibles feeds life. eyes have all Men's From

gathered you meant to buy."caught "I'm so glad you had more sense

The argent shine of molten iron. Roar than I, and more character, and

ears. in workers'Echoes Souls are full didn't you to move let me persuade hesitated had Fay fraught r OR to Mayville. back most I brought ladles'grit from giant smoking With she things to spend her on money

I want you to could not use at home. She had pour. of my money, and

bought a couple of simple dresses When men make steel the flaring midnight useIt. it to help the people who need

and a sweater for herself. But sun

the rest of her purchases had been Of furnaces shows clear the homeward "But it's yours. Fay, and I want

it."way to you enjoy drapes, for curtains material and

rest they have bread and humble when a To spend would it. That "Then set, for tea Frank. pretty and gifts done

give pleasure than anymore me It of could think nothshe seemed toil, blasts. eager of one men With O

ing else but Frc.nk. She bought day thing else. Frank, what time does

books that she was sure would deMary will anoint thy heads with gracious it get light in the morning now?"

hand! early. "Quite About a quarter shirts, a light a him, new tie, fish Martha will serve thee in a gentle land I to say."six, I should little gifts of pole, and a number

624 The Improvement Era for August, 1933

"I'm going to set the alarm, so I can get up then."

"But why, honey? You're

tired. Better get a good rest."

"No, I want to see the wheat."

"See the wheat?"Last spring The Improvement Era asked salesmen of the magazine to present the

"Yes, Frank. You see, I've never March number in a way which, in their opinion, would be effective. Below ts Mrs.

really seen it before, and in the Orgill's presentation.

morning I shall. I understand it Mr. Prospective Subscriber: next world's fair by reading the

now."vivid description of the buildings

the issuance of the by the President Emeritus of the WITHMarch Improvement Era, University of Illinois.

The Lonesome Song you will discover that you HAVE been curious to know its By Grace Zenor Pratt can no longer get along without I how the Rio Virgen received the magazine. name. I felt greatly edified after

/(7T on the dusty highway, the hot From the crimsontinted cover reading the graphic and interesting sun beating down, to the last letter of "Your Page and article by Dave Rust, pioneer guide.

I saw him first with his staff in his hand Ours,"hope and life renewed are "Winds in March."Did you

He had journeyed from pueblos, emphasized. ever stop to consider their difference

Where treasures of gold are buried. Are you among those who half from others. The editors convince

And the children sit naked in the sun. believe with the college educated us that the doleful days of depresOnly a Tarahumara, whose vanishing tribe that the foundations of religion are sion cannot be likened to the winds

yet lingers trembling? Whether you are or of fall which blow up wintry

Reminding one of ancient song and story. not, read the article by B. H. Robweather, but rather March winds

inNaked of limb, and raven hair bound erts. You will rejoice in the maswhich cleanse—vacuum cleaners

With a bit of cloth. terly way he accepts the challenge earth's house cleaning.

Upright and proud like figure carved in of a friend in his inimitable way. You'll be pleased and interested

bronze, We often hear, "Keep up your to read how the Latterday Saint

With staff in hand, and strangely silent, courage."But how? One positive Educators are laying a "Spiritual

With the Indian's immobility of feature, way is by reading some of the Foundation of Reconstruction"in

Beneath his arm the little wooden violin cheering messages in the March a conference held some time ago in

Which his own hands had fashioned. issue. "Hearts Can Ache Too"is Brigham Young University.

And whose bow drew from its strings a different. It is a story which leaves The editorials this month, as alplaintive melody. one with knowledge that "Life is ways, are high lights in the ImBeneath an alamo tree he played the lonegood"after all, and even a migraine provement Era. Original and

some little song, headache may be cured. pithy, matters of current interest

His face turned toward the purple hills If we believe all we hear the are never neglected.

And fading sunset; modern family group is in a deYou need not use your time and

Toward the pueblos where his people once cadence. But our faith and belief means hunting through much chaff

Had been so mighty, and where still their in that institution is "propped up"for a few kernels. "Glancing

treasures after reflecting Mrs. Amy Brown Through"is invaluable to the

Rest secure from prying eyes and greedy Lyman's views. It is a vital subject person who would know what the

hands. and one which commands our atbest current articles contain.

And perhaps there was a love note in the tention. The poetry page this month is a

little song; And "Palmetto."After the type of past issues. They are a

Perhaps I fancied it; but as he played past few wintry months it is a higher class than the magazines

I saw some dusky Indian maiden waiting tantalizing breeze from the wide, which we are daily buying from there at home open spaces. And the dormant the news stands contain. They are

To welcome him. admiration which most of us feel soul satisfying.

He took the coin and passed into the for those beautiful, graceful horses Time was when Latterday shadows, of the plain is fanned into being. Saints subscribed to the Era, partly

wistful; beneath his arm half Half sad, for a a at least, snake a sense of duty. Could you accept from Tolittle violin. the

I read until a necessity. pet? I never could it has Conbecome day

"Fangs and Coils."The true ditions like a kaleidoscope are

all tinted a colorfully hourly. Souls story of almost Scarlet changing CrosJesse Grandfather, W.A/fY actually seared are upheavals. you us makes Snake around by King Calithe east over going by,

intelligent placed sense the and anchored and Like a buoy, human early trail spring and in thefornia in side nature. that where of its view we may know the that records of 1850,summer whither the Era presents a stand and This we should we month that he thick were sogold rushers

is unique in its universaland his companions had to travel "What Has Become OF"departgo. It

out of the road most of the time. ment. The past and probable appeal. Mormon, Jew and Gentile

On his way he met 16,915 men, future of romantically built "Merenjoy its perusal. The March issue

235 women, 242 children, 4,627 cur,"a mining town of some thirty in particular is of a nonpartisan wagons, 4,642 mules, 14,947 years ago. nature.

horses, 7,475 oxen and 1,052 Are you going to Chicago this Helen Kimball Orgill, cows. summer? Next best to going will Director O. K. Branch 2nd Ward,

-George H. Crosby, Jr. be to enter into the spirit of the Raymond, Alta, Canada.

THE LIVESTOCK OF attalo THE NEW NORTH By JAMES MONTAGNES

in the northernRANCHES sections of the prairie provinces of Canada are becoming a reality as the crossbreed- ing of buffalo and domestic cattle continues to advance and the resultant cattalo become more numerous. That those vast pasturages which lie in lake studded

country north of the fiftyfifth parallel of latitude are likely to furnish forage for cattle is no longer a dream of the future, but an actuality which has heartened the settlers of that country.

Winter snow storms, extreme cold, terrific winds, these have been a few of the reasons why domestic cattle are scarce in the northern sections of the prairie provinces. This is neither a cow nor a buffalo, though it looks like both.

Cattle cannot stand up against such weather. They are not strong cattle solve the problem? So came able to withstand the colds of

enough. That is why the settlers about the shaggy animal that looks winter.

of that country and those regions like an ordinary cow but is not beInter-breeding has had its difiito the north in the Northwest Tercause its coat is different and it has culties, resulting in a high morritories have had little by way of a slight hump on its back. tality in the first cross between

dairy products during winter time. The cattalo is a mixture of dobison and domestic cattle. This

The solution to one problem of mestic cattle and buffalo. Its has been overcome to a large extent

the settlement of the country was meat is tasty, its hide is warm and by the importation of the yak from the development of a new type useful for robes. It is rugged and the steppes of Siberia and Tibet.

of cattle which could in winter The yak has been the intermediary forage for itself and at the same in developing the true cattalo time stand the terrific cold and breed.

winds. Experiments are still being carried on by the Canadian govern-

'THE growing herds of buffalo ment, for the development of a new in the Canadian parks were strain of cattle takes time. But as

seen as the solution. "Would not the northern sections of the country

a breed of buffalo and domestic develop, settlers will be able to take north the cattalo, and know that

Below: Buffalo, Buffalo Park, it will be able to stand the colds

Wainwright Park. Above: Yak imported from Siberia. and storms of a severe climate.

'Singing Tree By MARIAN G. NIELSON

ITI ishavethe everjfirst heardcottonwoodcalled tree"A especiallyAh treesto canyouths'mgon Singing Tree."I know of

cottonwoods that shelter Navajo moonlight nights or hogans; that are especially adapted when spring or autumn

to big swings made out of huge t h e ropes and rusty bolts; that are the winds finger

base for flimsy leaf structures to branches. Do you have

shelter old Ute squaws playing somewhere a singing cards; an old landmark atop the

mesa; or even a good picnic shade. tree?

But a lopsided cottonwood tree, onehalf barren of leaves, is, at best, an unusual singing tree. on the program. She was

Maybe it got its name from the to perform last. Of

cowboys who used to camp around course all the parents were

Singing Tree its calloused feet, and who sang there—even father had on a clean The Old

far into the night of Billy the Kid, shirt and had come.

or of a white haired old mother at called out, we all hooted and the wind blowing, was and nHE direct gave Indians the parent's Perhapshome. our laughed—out tree at was humming away it that the drove a gaze wind name when we we knew were—becauseof rate, great at times deafenalmost its all. against branchesthe dead sand at couldn't anything that he do

with a mournful, plaintive cadence. ing us with its roar. We were He came up close under the tree,

But I like to imagine it was beperched among its branches, dropand gulped uncertainly. Then he

cause, whenever one sat in the sand, ping from its limbs, and lying in looked at Miss James and started leaned against its trunk, and closed its shade, at various times during to sing!

one's eyes, a faint rhythm, a deep the afternoon, so we had a pretty Don't you think it was fitting good idea of all that was going on. he made his first public appearancemusical tone—like the low notes

Justin all heard one'sof old an Singing our under Tree? organ—permeated of Justin of the thebody. Ray—youRay—-was havethe last cemetery rocky From on the

"When the service berries on the students on the program. We all hill we watched the couples do

side hills, hung purple and full on made fun of him and picked on their spring courting under the their stems, mothers left their him, then; tree. We heard County dynasties

babies in care of the young girls "Come up, Justin, it's your rise and fall. We would have heard

under the tree and clamored up the turn,"called Miss James. all about why the old disreputable

steep slopes to get berries for winter So when we heard his name trapper, Bob Heitz, was refused preserves. The girls sang to the credit at the store, instead of only

wriggling charges part of it—if Jim hadn't slipped

"Where are you going Billy Boy, Suburban squarefrom hisintoperchthe speaker'sand fallenlap. right

Billy Boy, By Frances Hall The first "Mandolin and Guitar are Where you going charming

Billy?"T ITTLE gay street all paved with Club"was formed there. Old

-"'dreams. Rockof-Ages, venerable Ute

Or else With new,beamswee houses where happiness squaw,whole tribe,and bestdied gamblerthere. of the

"Oh a frog went a-courting and ThroughlighttrelHsedgleams,windows where homeAnd so, the night before I went

Umhe hmm,did rideum hmm."Who gave you a number for a name? awayI said towasschool,under thethe lastold goodbyeSinging

You ought to be called celestial things; Tree. Inarticulate as we were, the

scarlet your With roofs and bright your thatSo the old Singing noon by tree old its inbenediction poured porch swings. fairly quiveringTree rewith was hearts, to our understood. and we gardens as all With your sweet vanished

life.newed deep cadences springs, into surged Those

dancing'hot the hearthfires afternoon your And One May all aflame. our inviolate. To lives—sublime,

a picnic heldPrimary under down still me, that old patriarch stands

Paradise Street, I'd like to bethe old tree. Miss our James was there singing into hearts of the a of Part so place neighborly;

teacher and had promised to play Would you, widehanded, welcome me men, exalted thoughts that can her banjo and sing for us if we If to your pleasant ways I came? come only from an old Cottonwould all promise to take a part wood Singing Tree!

(Juelchizedek Priesthood Remember the Sabbath Day Ward Teachers'Message for September

Topics prepared under the direction of the Presiding Bishopric npHIS divine commandment given be no difficulty in enjoying nature and Young people need to have their in the early days of Israel, but yet in partaking of the spirit of the thoughts and acts directed in kindliness actually instituted in the beginning of day of worship. The important thing and interest by their parents toward

things, has been renewed in this latter to have in mind on that day, no matter those things which make for spiritual dispensation to the Latterday Saints. where one may be, is to seek and mainstability and sweetness. To obtain the

It is like every other mandate, a comtain the spirit of the day. It is, of finest results, the love and consideration

mandment with its accompanying blesscourse, not advantageous to make Sunof parents for their children must be ings. To rest from one's labors one day a day of excursions. But when we manifest in the example and the preday in seven is wise. To direct one's have occasion to be away from our cepts shown them.

thoughts and acts toward gaining regular places of worship on that day, To keep the Sabbath we must regreater divine knowledge and spiritual if we have real appreciation of the member that it is "holy,"or set apart power on that day is still better. blessings of the Gospel, we shall seek primarily for the service of God. So

If properly observed, this principle to cultivate the spirit of worship no it should be kept in such a way as will not only promote the important matter how informal the conditions will accrue to the normal spiritual results of physical rest and change, but may be. development of each individual. The

as such, that, underfamily Every it peace that also will and promote is the blessing for and Sabbath made spirit purto the and to takes conform spirto are influence so necessary which the not for benefit of and man, man rest in will of the of grow day pose progress. itual training normal and objective that our day Sabbath. On living. right faith, Of unity and the and autumn During summer

will things to those which do should be spirit be of observance course, the must at other thanseason probably more times, there is a natural desire for vacaone of joy and willingness, and not promote our finer natures through the tions and other diversions. There need one of repression and dissatisfaction. enjoyment of the Divine Spirit.

"The Stone Which the Builders Rejected"(\N one of those days, as he taught S'9l6 11926 and temple in the people the lOO PER CENT 1906 = 100 PER CENT gospel"the (Luke 20) preached ISO 200 250 ICO the ICOI906= elders the priests the told and Master I50x X and the people a very interesting story. CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS DISCIPLES OF CHRIST J X story, thanks that read may to y//////y//////y//y'y'y/y//y/yy///AYou 3 the chapif will turn to you Dr. Luke,

ter. It will probably be of interest in CHURCHES OF CHRIST

connection with the findings of Presi- >///////////////}/////y/?/////y/A

dent Herbert Hoover's Committee ap- X

ZION CHURCH pointed to study social trends in the AFRICAN METHODIST.EPISCOPAL

United States.

The committee's report on the V////A growth of the Churches in the United 'mamA

States between the years 1906 and SOUTHERN BAPTIST CONVENTION 1926 is given graphically in the accom- '//////////////////////AS panying diagram which was reproduced X from the book, "Recent Social Trends PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH IN U.S.

in the United States,"volume 2, page '//////////////////////A 1022. The diagram is selfexplan- f X

atory. PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH IN U.S.A.

Of interest is the committee's statement that in the United States "there are 212 separate organizations, a dozen mPROTESTANT EPISCOPAL CHURCH CONGREGATIONAL CHURCHES more than there were ten years ago.

"Out of this large number of denominations, there are only twentyUNITED LUTHERAN CHURCH IN AMERICA four with more than 200,000 adult members each; and these few bodies include today, just as they did a generMmMETHODIST EPISCOPAL CHURCH. SOUTH AFRICAN METHODIST EPISCOPAL CHURCH

ation ago, more than 90 percent of the country's adult church members."*

The report goes on to state that CHURCH OF THE UNITED BRETHREN IN CHRIST it is significant that the Mormons and '/////////////////////, the Christian Scientists are included among the swiftly growing group."EVANGELICAL LUTHERAN SYNOD OF MISSOURI. OHIO. ETC. NORWEGIAN LUTHERAN CHURCH OF AMERICA

R.—//. M. i89SS99SSSS98eS9S

p. 1023; *"Recent Social Trends."

Ibid, pp. 1023, 1024.

(lAaronic rriesthood A Deacons'Quorum Meeting A Demonstration at the Aaronic Priest-? quorum will please raise their hands.

hood Convention of Pioneer Stake No. (All hands raised.)

:, to secretary) the,, please Will and had not? I was sick you (To Why is. prepared.,,,Class TRoom HE roll his enter tay the name home. book. onT take their and come in The Deacons i jlj ere pss? business other any that o we

places. The Presidency in front, the yes. should take up?

secretary at the table, spreading out his? Yes, how about that swimming

records, placing the order of business y'es. party you mentioned a couple of weeks

before the presidency. The supervisor? gQ?

takes a seat at rear. Yes. President: Two weeks ago we ap-

? pointed our supervisor and the second

Call To Order. j jjj counselor as a special committee to find

President: We will come to order out about it. (To the supervisor)

and ask y lelp to prepare the sacrament taBrother Allen, can you tell us about it?

to open the quorum meeting with yes. Supervisor: Yes, we finally hit upprzyet. [ on the Police Gym. We talked with

you visit absent members? Yes, I Commissioner Knight and got permisPrayer. visited and sion to use the police swimming pool

next Friday to night 8:30. from 7:30 meetto Priesthood to come him., urgedRolljj J Call. at to meet you next we jjg jg gaj[(j now that We suggest be here jg would

President: The secretary will now j 7 o'clock at the meeting house and walk

call the roll; if there are any absent up together. We talked to the Bishwith good excuses, will you please -. r Ensuing Week. opric about it and learned that after the

state them. -j bar, either or can have candy a we swim -n as- * tI give r>President. will out* uthe now. roll. calls. the Secretary J (to secretary.) week 'ln'''''/j Is President: any member of the \, j jq J the Aswrite names? Will you down sick? 'p,,,;,,,Quorum the heard have

4. -..* You 1 are signments made. c re-u Voo ah & I es, special port <.uthe of committee. All who

sprained his foot on the school grounds --777.;: can go Friday night will raise theirand has to stay home for possibly a would like you to give us next"c—Sunday (All raise their hands.)

week or more. fw words on the Priesthood slogan. ast week Brother Allen, our super-

'visit I think should President:—-—we

is absent care secretary.) Who that wc and let him knowhim today,.visor,invited the.presidencyover jto

excuse missand matters. him. Who would like to go without that quorum We decided

Secretary reads names of absentees. me?with j.

Several volunteer by raising their President: social at least every two months. Now

hands. will you please go and see these two if ay of you want to make any sugPresident: members. They live close together. gestions as to what we want to do tell

and: Tell them we would like to see them us next Sunday.

can you go with me this afternoon again next Sunday morning at PriestBrother Allen told us that the Bishrecord the have meeting; them hood o'clock? is 4about asopric pleased well with quoour ("Yes")—Of

filled last and they week signments thecourse all rest of you may visit him are place only um. where The we

at any time. bring the blanks back to the secretary so falling down is our inattendance at

he can enter their credits. See them right sacrament meeting. Specially nowThe Minutes. after this meeting if you can—or this hat summer is coming wc should make

President: The secretary will now afternoon. If they are not at home gurc that we have always enough dearead the minutes. ask some of their folks why they were cons to pass the Sacrament, and we as

Secretary: Reads the minutes. not to Priesthood meeting and report the Presidency promised him that we

next Sunday. would do our best to be there ourselves

Report and Checkup of Assignments AH right, I will see them. gyei-y Sunday. We would like you to

Filled. help us in this so that the Bishopric will

Immediately after the minutes are Other Business. have no reason to complain,

adopted the secretary distributes the President: We have with us today At the close of that council meeting

assignment blanks together with penwho Brother Allen treated us to a nice glasj cils. has recently moved into the ward. of lemonade and some cookies and wt

President (to secretary): Will you Brother Allen told us last week that had a good time,

please check up on the assignments his family has been accepted in the given last Sunday! Ward and so we should accept him in Instructions by Member of Bishopric.

Secretary: the quorum. President: Brother Lawrence of the

will you please stand up; we hope you Bishopric has a message for us.

"day?—Yes.did you pass the Sacrament last Sunpartwill inlikeit. our quorum and take active 2 orBrother3 minutesLawrence:

All who are willing to accept brothPresident: We have a visitor from

did you? Yes. er into the the Stake Aaronic Priesthood ComThe Improvement Era for August, 1933 629

mittee. (To the visitor.) Brother ancestor of yours or by some member can get and I can possibly come over

Hopkins, would you like to say someof your family. Some such story would some night to help you work out your

thing to the quorum? make another fine addition to your Priesthood record.

Visitor: "Thank you, just a few Book of Remembrance. Supervisor: Can you tell us how to

words 1 or 2 Then I ask you to do the following: obtain a Patriarchal blessing?

minutes."Make a list of all your relatives, men: One

and women, who were on missions. Put has to make a date with the Patriarch

The Priesthood Slogan. down their names, their mission, the and then go to his home. There he

President: you countries and possibly the cities in has a stenographer ready to take down

have been assigned to say something which they worked; then what lanin shorthand the blessings as he proabout the Priesthood Slogan. Arc you guages they had to learn, how many nounces them upon the person. Later

prepared? Presents Stake Aaronic months they served. And possibly some a copy of the blessing is sent or given

experiences. of their the During Slogan, it, thatPriesthood received the to he person who

inforgather coming whatever month in to secure help read it often order may it write can get and down, you Period. mationThe Lesson fulfaithful in to the to Gospel be and

it to bring meeting and quorum we

President: Our supervisor Brother will see how we can work it into an infill the work of his life.

Allen will now conduct the lesson peteresting record. Some day I hope you Supervisor: That's correct. If any

riod. can go on a mission and then your name of you desire to obtain a blessing, do

will be added to the missionary record not be afraid to talk to any of our

The Lesson Topic. of your family. Patriarchs. It is a custom to give to

Supervisor: Supervisor: has the Patriarch a free will donation which

You have been assigned to present the brought his completed Priesthood is to cover the expense of a stenogralesson topic. Are you ready? sheet and I want to show you how he pher and the writing and mailing of the

: Yes, (he has done it. copy of the blessing. But if you are

steps to the front). I was assigned to Who else has made any efforts to not able to give such a donation I am

study the lesson No. 1 6 in the outline. get this Priesthood line? sure the Patriarch will arrange with

This lesson tells the story of how the: You told you anyhow. He does not sell any

Pratt family obtained their genealogical me to go to the ward clerk and find out blessing for money.

records, etc. who ordained me a deacon. I did that In our next meeting we will demonSupervisor: Very good. Now let and found that Brother Knight of the strate the proper way of passing theme ask just one question:—In the preBishopric did. So I went to Brother Sacrament. A few errors have been

vious lesson we learned a few things Knight and he told me that he was made that need correcting, and then about Parley P. Pratt. What particuordained a High Priest on we will have a few new deacons by

lar quality do you think he inherited by But then, to whom we have to show how from his forefathers? that is as far as he could tell me. it is done. (Turning to the President)

: His fearSupervisor: That's all right. I have Well brother

lessness in preaching the Gospel of here a book which will give us the rest that's all for today and I turn the meetJesus Christ. of the information you need to coming back to you. (Steps aside and sits

Supervisor: Now, how many of plete the line. We will write it down down.)

you have fathers, brothers, grandfathers on a piece of paper and next week you President: Thank you Brother Alor some other relatives that have percan possibly finish your sheet. Now len, I think we have done quite a bit

formed missions and preached the Goslet's see. Brother Knight was ordained today. Now if you all stand we will

pel like Parley P. Pratt? (Show of a High Priest by Apostle, ask to

hands.) That's fine. If you look at who was ordained an Apostle by dismiss this quorum meeting.

the end of the lesson in the outline you etc.

find that you should tell the story of There is your line. Now see how Benediction.

the missionary service performed by an many of the pictures of these men you

DetnoHstrtUion of Church Program for Training Boys and Young Men, Aaronic Priesthood Convention, April 8, 1933

The EDUCATIONAL CENTER BRIGHAM YOUNG OFFERS EDUCATION The Church University is devoted to the task of providing Latterday Saint education for all who wish to partake of it. This education

conceives all knowledge as a unit, and therefore gives the student a complete "intellectual menu", rather than one which eliminates essential items.

Religious instruction constitutes the "vitamines"of B. Y. U. education. Youth is not

left to flounder in the complex intellectual wilderness. Sincere and able teachers kindly and

sympathetically assist in finding satisfactory solutions to the many perplexing problems.

There is no separation of the secular and the religious, but appreciation of all truth is considered as making up the equipment of a welledu- cated man or woman.

At Low Cost While a college education is bound to cost some money, it is probably true that it was never attainable at so low a cost as it is today. With

industrial development apparently headed upward, the demand for educated men and women is likely to exceed the: supply. At least, such has

been the case after previous depressions. At the

low cost at which education can be secured at

Brigham Young University, the investment is unmistakably sound.

Perhaps no campus in all the world has a more magnificent natural setting than does that of the "Y". Here is a vista from the front of the The Library is one of the best in the West with

Heber J. Grant Library. over 80,000 volumes.

Whether you board or "batch", you will find adequate accommodations at reasonable rates, Provo is the center of a rich and diversified agricultural country, and food prices are as reasonable as can be found anywhere.

The President BRIGHAM YOUNG OF THE CHURCH!

UNIVERSITY AT ITS BEST No OutOf-State Fees The University has one registration fee for all, no matter from what state or country, they come. As the educational center of the Church,

its area of service is Churchwide, and that means

Worldwide. There is no discrimination in any

way because of state or national boundary lines.

Neither is there any discrimination on the basis of creed or color. The benefits of the University are open to all who wish to come and participate in them.

A Broad Curriculum The University offers a broad liberal education, as well as opportunity for specialization in certain fields. The work of the institution is

divided into five colleges and a graduate school.

The colleges are: Arts and Sciences; Applied

Science; Commerce; Fine Arts; and Education.

All of these colleges offer work leading to the baccalaureate degree. The Graduate School

gives work leading to the degree of Master of

Arts and Master of Science. The extramural

instruction is under the auspices of the Extension Division, where credit courses are offered by the homestudy method and extension classes.

Student activities form an important part of The Maeser Memorial building houses the adlife at B. Y. V. The big stadium is the scene minisfration offices. Here the student will

of many thrilling experiences during the come onikSeptember 22 to register for the autumn and spring. autumn quarter.

Registration Dates: September 22> 23 and 25

The catalog will be sent to anyone on request. Further information may be had by

addressing a letter to pRovo.uTAHUNIVERSITY

632 The Improvement Era for August, 1933

Things Continuedpage from601 when Everett compelled her to take She talked of them to baby Keller. "Imagine keeping a wedding

a ride. They were all ready. Only the dress for thirtyfive years!"Celia

brocaded satin, yellow At last he took a hand. Planttrunk was needed for Celia's share. lifted it—a

ing himself on one of her trunks he But the birthday was near at hand. with age.took both her hands and looked Then she would be ready. "It's no earthly good—better

straight into her eyes. The Fall had come. The leaves put it here in this pile."

"What's the idea, anyway, were rustling to the ground and the "And as for these albums and mother?"He glanced significantly trees were groaning with rheumastuff, is there any use wasting time

around the room. tism. It was her time. She would looking them over?"

mother's They're "No. Celia sit think happy and how questioned things?"she "My folks. these And Celia trunk. to her be open would "It'ssweetly. done. almost But justpictures—just

thing. this at Hideous!"motto it look one. In the to have was newit's I see job. a been big had You silk jet sister lifted dress Celia's a Keller's beaded black be would Ma all for arrangedthem and you

Keller's eyes shone. Her and Ma crazy a dress, paisley her shawl, ITasie. to to get going you was

it. Celia If fingers itched to hold quilt, the in picture that some hungsend one trunk, one and bag my it instead, she picked would had up born, the Everett was where homechest her. to the to have were You

its silkfeel to just over have gone green a Bible family album and Irest. love to have learned But

perfingers iness her and between locks tintypes containing old and I as asCelia Tasie, so had much it cheek. her against rub haps hair. pleasant hours of many How three, divideto in things and my these things give old might "We toEverett she could spend and easy.that Celia told wasn't Then quilt, Celia. a to for but Crazy Loo recpictures gether the with and I other. the about hadn'tme

I in pieces to they'd drop suppose it ords. surprise a what And that.thought of Tasie had When the making."all Celia. be to would it I children for took grantedno

you wouldn't have any. Well, The day before she was seventy- "I can't understand why people

so."things keep she sat I in her little conafter room anone to had make knew—I afraid "I'm I hear baby crying,"It bit tentedly dreaming. lot.other was a quite been has So it

hard. But I have them almost cold but she didn't want to disturb Ma Keller said jerkily, and

upstairs, picked slowly She went her paisley the things to get out the family records havestraight—I left. the sleeping the from bundle later Celia up shawl. Perhaps on alland pictures the clothes and

divided. I didn't want to be parwould make a fire and let her rock bed and went out into the street.

tial."Baby Keller in the livingroom. She did not take the short cut home

"And you are going to give us Just then Celia came to her door. but went toward the main street of

all a share of the past?""I'm going over to the house town. She would be seventyone

steadily she walked but tomorrow get share this afternoon to of my it going to leave "I'm to you charge. she her came with When I things. perMother's thought I'llbut need another trunk."store a to Keller marked Bim like take too to you'd go haps and

see we'll "Well, can what we hesitated. Grocers, she Wholesale

I care look while of them babydo, I Mother. they mean all know she her gathering courage Then over."

a lot to just you, but suppose you door. the opened

first jealous Keller was At Ma like arekeep for 'em the they presto to bring "Oh, come the boy there jealous that somebody was see. we'llent If then and you've call Here, on son."his Dad? else Celia. to leave things to Then little piecesgot Celia some be may greeted Everett her. desire seized to see a she with was toable into things, white make

she'll be glad of them I'm sure."them. Somebody else's things! "Proud as they make 'em, eh?"

"But they are to be left, Everett, They could never compare with her laughed his partner.not given. After I'm—own, but they had been saved in "Meet my mother, Joe. We were

left the just as just been same way, had going out to lunch, come "Oh, forget that, Ma,"—and he she leave to her going along!"own. was gone.was

tell "I'll be glad to go,"she an- "No, Everett—I just came to

in the "It's a bit cold swered. don't the trunk."want you—I approachtime Ai.S the they went. house anyway."So little "Good! mother. Wise

grandher first ofed for the arrival here's Well, we'll grandson, your child Ma Keller became strangely run along then."reminiscent. Once she started to IN the basement of

bring Everett's baby clothes out to Celia's mother's home were trunks, show Celia. But after a moment's boxes and bags. Ma Keller suc- M..A KELLER hurried

consideration she put them back. ceeded in getting baby Keller to faster. She hardly knew when she

They were a part of her secret. sleep and then stole down to see came to Everett's bungalow. She

Baby Keller was a boy and for the relics of the past. She sat quite turned in mechanically, went

three solid weeks he cooed under still and unobtrusive as Celia lifted around to the back door which was the light of the blue eyes and the one thing after another and exunlocked and stumbled in. She

gray. Then Celia's mother died, amined it. Celia's sister was there deposited Baby Keller in his own

and Ma Keller sat back with the too, and they talked a great deal little bed and then went straight to child in her arms and saw her own about what they would do with her room. Once more she began

funeral. The only thing, she this and that. They talked rather sorting her things.

seemed happy about her things. low but Ma Keller heard. In about an hour Celia came in.

The Improvement Era for August, 1933 633

"Decided to come home, Moth- "No,"she said steadily. "They

er?"she called. are quite empty. And I wondered

Ma Keller let the lid of her oak if you would like my oak chest for Index to Advertisers chest fall. Baby Keller's clothes. You could Company Page

"Yes, I'm here."fix it up quite handy."Beneficial Life Insurance Com-

"Got lonesome for Baby and had "How perfectly lovely! Why pany Back Cover

its did old dear, you Brigham Young University myself, you dearto come how besides—my 630631 It feels like He'snice of it? in here. to think grown come and warm

Winter outside."out of his first pair of shoes already. Cunard Steamship Co 635

"I built a fire in the furnace,"I'll keep them for him so he'll have DeseretGrant, HeberNews J.Press Co 638639

said the older woman. them when he's a man. Won't he Henager's Business College 63 3

isn't half tickled? the be day Oh, Hotel Square 639 Temple grate too, the one in how "And over tired so going I got bad. Culof Beauty School Quish to aren'tlovely; out coming you ture 638 to those old come things—butsit by it?"Salt Store Knitting 637 Lake start for to something home my

Inc Brands, 63 9 Standard I Celia, "In life again. new gives me a moment—but boy—it University of Utah first. I you to come here we'llwant a real have And tomorrow Inside Back Cover

noticed Everett's army clothes in celebration. You'll be seventyone Utah Gas 8 Coke Co 63 6

the basement storeroom today. years old and you can't guess what Utah Oil Refining Co 635

They are getting quite dirty. And you're going to have. If you could Utah Power 6 Light Co 637

your school books are dusty too. have anything in the world you Utah State Agricultural College

Better have Everett put them in wanted, what would you like Inside Front Cover one of these trunks tonight. You most?"

might as well.""Well,"said Ma Keller, smiling, DoingThesebusinessadvertiserswitharethemdependable.will be

"But I thought all the time they "It's getting so cold I believe I'd mutually advantageous.

were filled with your things."like some furs."

Mayor Bowman presenting typewriters to two of our students for writing 92 and 96 words per minute without error. Students of HENAGER'S BUSINESS COLLEGE have won more typewriters than any other school

in the United States.

WHEN YOU TAKE A BUSINESS COURSE IT PAYS TO GET THE BEST

Positions secured for all graduates. Attend the school with a national reputation.

WRITE FOR CATALOG Henager's Business College 45 East Broadway, Salt Lake City, Utah 634 The Improvement Era for August, 1933

4iHow Lovely YouthContinuedpage from595 "Would you, then,"she said, saw her now, everything might be through the leaves, you would have "like to civilize me?"different. It was her funny little heard their voices, and, liking the

"I'd like it more than anything voice that sounded like ripe fruit pleasantness of them you might in the world, if you wanted to be and very clear cold water and a have stopped to hear what they civilized."little girl singing, and the things were saying.

"It shouldn't be very difficult. she had said. "He has come back now, hasn't

I want most awfully to believe in "My dear Robin, do you not he? And you're very glad,"the

to Bangkok, or to Paris, or to "Yes. He has come back andsomething.you—and God."I already believe in always feel like walking straight man said.

There never had been eyes like Nome, or to Jerusalem, on these I haven't seen him yet. It will be

hers before in the world. summercolored nights?"good to see him."

Suddenly he found himself tell- "My dear Jennifer,"he had "Tonight you will, won't ing her, though he felt all the time said, "yes. With great easy strides, your

that she must know anyway, "I breathing moonlight and shadows "He is such a dear boy. I wish

am Robin."deep as deep."you could know him."The girl

And she answered, "I am Jen- "In sevenleague boots, with the turned her head and for a mmute nifer."And they looked at each wind whirling over your head, and stared at the sky. "He isn't like

other, and both felt that they had water, and sometimes mud, and you. You're so quiet and debeen waiting a million years to squashy green grass under your pendable. Oh, he's dependable,

meet again after having met before. feet."too, but you'redifferent."

Her hands had been so little andAnd it was a strange, beautiful "If you love him, he must be square and brown.feeling.

a sensed lad."wonderful You letters, said, in her Carol had it different. Carol been had With voice. in his pain to says you're have Kennedy "Mr. interested in each been hadThey is wonderful.""He

I you'll old back. your job know liked because theother they same

I for glad "You know am how get we'll ahead, be awfully and tallthings. lovely She and was it feel sick so you. makes But me *."* happy* straight. herand remembered He lost of to think and and empty Jennot even touched had Henice smile her Vonnie when Aunt over, these of ours being and walks nifer. hair of smell must Her is said,had "This Bohn. Robin firelight."talks the our by eyelids flowers her be and would niece, Keats."My Robin—Carol over."to have be don't "They soft. very Carol's hands, he remembered,

were capable looking, her hair "This is the last. It has been

girl. Nothingneatly golden, her eyes very clear iHERE had been two so lovely, my dear

life has ever been so lovelyand blue. He liked to dance with people walking in the park that afin my

her. ternoon, the girl in dark blue, very nothing in my life will ever be so

again. lovely you re- I came here, tall slim, slim, tall and and the steps night he'd the man sat on The

ill, sick discouraged, of member, a too, a grey hat that dipped with Jenniferwith been had the moon daffodil yellow. They'd laughed little on one side. If you had been futile wandering. You've made me

a great deal, and the words had behind them as they walked better. You've made me want to tumbled a bit, there was so much stay here, to stay always—home.

to say. And make a garden. With radishes

He hadn't talked to anyone and lettuce and La France roses."

about Jennifer. He was a sensible

young man. He had asked Carol OHE caught her breath.

his wife.to be loved him, She and "Richard, I—."loved.she he be the one must This "I understandother—this thin all you would

it probably 'This, too,'kept pounding in mygirl—this love—well,little wideeyed say to me. All the time I've known.

wasn't real love. It was an inhead, 'must pass away!'Must

fatuation. Anyway, why had he everything lovely pass away?"

thought she loved him? It might "Oh, Richard, no."

have been because he hadn't seen "But it does."

any really pretty girls for so long. "I wish you wouldn't say that,

Maybe her blue clothes and her Richard. It makes me feel so hopered hair and her bewildering eyes less."

had dazzled him. Carol was the And they walked for awhile in

girl for him. And small, comsilence through the blowing leaves.

fortable living in a big white house And then the man said, "I'm with green shades, and spinach, begoing away tomorrow."

cause Carol loved him so. "You can't go tomorrow,"she

said. "We were going to read

M..AYBE it was the Francis Thompson—we were goJennifer laughed, to and the hearway way ing

."Paderewski—you stars flames,the like candle looked seen haven't my white dress—

and the color of the moon. If he Unique Monument in Echo Canyon, She put her hand out, touched his

The Improvement Era for August, 1933 635

arm, let it lie there. "Dear friend,""I thought you didn't want to

she said. "I'll miss you unbelievwander any more. I thought youably."wanted to stay—home. And make Europe?

"I'll a garden."write to you sometimes."Whether on a Mission They stared at each other in the little laugh. gave a sorrowful She

"But I'll want to hear your voice. autumn wind. or for pleasure *>>go the

Maybe I'll forget how you parted your hair, and how your eyes was vonnie Aunt way!crinkle when you laugh."he CIJNARD glad to see Robin. She said

said, a at he me,"with "Look said indeed. well She very looked great ships ofthe ofthe Cunard One

little his insort throat. "I of sob if that upstairs that Carol and was is fit fleets to and Anchor bound see nose, to yourwant sit in the a for minute he'd down and."sailing in plans of... your timechin, your and be front youreyebrows—Carol would room, why, in... unexcelled speed and comsensible a She was young womhis about asked She down. him price. fort in Frequent and...

an. anto be promised She had her travels. talked about She service regular British to andother wife, so she man's and must trouble. sinus ports French from York, New her. as thatlove loved he man, he kissed Carol came down, and Montreal. Boston and Convenient whimsicalThis her. other—this all to connections parts of the ityoung said, are marlooking She "You man—this talllove—well, world. rates Through round and real love. It wasn'tprobably was velous, Robin!"

trip rates for (good years) two there infatuation.an Anyway, fine, looking too, "You're

wasn't any real reason for her to Carol."How tall she was, and quoted on application.

think he loved her. She hated herhow pale in that dark blue. But

self for hoping that he did. how lovely, how awfully lovely. Round trips to England as low as

"You like your job so well, "Do you like to be home?"$131.50 Third Class. N.Y. to N.Y.

Richard. You've been so happy What a nice brown youngster he

here. You said you were going to was! Apply to Your Local Agent or

be manager one of these days. You "It's perfect."

will be, too. I wouldn't "I'll bet you never want to go Cunard Building San Francisco, Cal. wish—yougo away."away again, do you?"

"I have to go."How awfully lovely—but Jen- "Where will you go?"nifer—why, she hadn't gone away He didn't answer. at all—there she was, laughing,

Thinkof This

as You Spin Along!f

The gasoline and oil that enable you to enjoy the great intermountain outdoors, are products of men's labor. Right in your

own community a large number of men, and their families, depend upon the employment required to produce Pep 88 and Vico.

It costs you nothing extra to use Pep 88 and Vico, thus helping to insure the continued and increasing employment of

Utah and Idaho men. Just think of

these things as you spin along... and

turn in for gasoline and oil where you see the Pep 88 and Vico sign.

-SfManufactured and Guaranteed by Utah Oil Refining Company.

636 The Improvement Era for August, 1933

under the daffodil moon, "My dear Women know things like that. See,

Robin, do you not always feel like Robin?"

walking straight to Bangkok or to "Why, I guess so."Paris—"with her hair blowing, "I was almost sure."WINTER her little hands folded, her little Uncertainly he touched his blue

blue slipper thrust out before her. tie.

"I'm sorry, Carol. What did "Aren't you, Robin?"she asked LURKS you say?"apologetically. "I said you probably never want "Carol, listen—."JUST AROUND to go away again, do you?""I won't know what to do if "Home is nice after so long,"he you aren't. I've—"she gave a rueTHE CORNER! answered her. ful little laugh, "depended on my

"My dear Jennifer,"he had said, woman's intuition. But whether

I love It's not too early to begin "yes. With great easy strides, you are or not—I'm afraid

thinking about y o u *r breathing moonlight and shadows somebody else rather awfully."

heating facilities, for deep"Home,as deep."after all, is best. Isn't "Maybe"Oh, Robin,if—."it's a different,

cold weather will be here it, Robin?"more comfortable love than ours

almost before we know it. When you hadn't seen Bangkok, was. Robin, if you want to keep

or Paris, or Nome, or Jerusalem? a man from going away from you

Investigate course,"Why, homeI guessis best."so. Yes.He laughedYes, of howbecausehe partedyou're hisafraidhair you'lland theforgetway

a little, but his throat ached. "Why, his eyes crinkle when he laughs, homes are what—"he said foolif you want to live with him in a

ishly, a little desperately, "why, white house and help him plant a there couldn't be great nations garden, if you care terribly whether without little homes!"But the he likes your eyebrows and your

sky was a roof, wasn't it? He chin—well, that's love isn't it?"

felt her staring at him. He felt strange and lost. "I

"You're different, Robin."guess that's love all right, Carol."OOL He couldn't think of anything Oh, Carol, Carol. Dear, lovely,

to say. He looked at her neat dark loving Carol. He guessed, with

blue skirt and her pink fingernails. the puzzled imaginings of youth,

Suddenly, in her pleasant voice, that she was the girl for him after HOUSE she laughed. "Look at me, Robin."all. Maybe he'd never love anygirl at all, really. "I am in looking at you."He body That

his eyes. HEATING raised red blue pajamas those with all

For cleanliness, conven- "Why, dearest boy,"she said, curls and heapedup waves and inience and comfort in the "if you don't love me, it's all credible browngold eyelashes right."why, he'd only seen her once, in

home, nothing can equal "I asked you to be my wife, the new dusk, and under a dafNatural Gas heating. didn't I?"fodil moon. When he saw her she

And its economy has been wouldn't look the same at all.

he would in demonstrated thoutuned Maybe being again. A RADIO she'd Maybe sands of homes, neverbe—why,see her through sounds, next door sent forth queer

ugly. quite

lightmerrily, loudly, then roared several severe winters in she the way Itlaughed—oh,was the moonCarol,and redvulgarly, heartedly, "But a this locality. Carol.

can headed a boy make woman walked, his head and He walked Investigate! his Just come papa down!"He knew pockets. hands in slapa—down,

a flamehaired, goldhe in and let us explain the why, knew most remarkable, most eneyed girl—

attractive offer we've "That was two years ago, you IHERE was a light in ever made on Natural must remember. You still love the living room. That meant that

Gas househeating. me? Mom had waited up for him after

Remember—Winter i s been"Lookso goodhere,to me.Carol,Look atYou'vethose all.Carol,He'dand haveabouttoJennifer.tell her aboutHe'd

lurking just around the wonderful letters you wrote me said he would.

corner! Why not come when I needed them o much, and Mom was in the hall. Mom

in this week? the books. Why, you've been said, "Go in the front room, darwonderful, you've been—."ling."

"I thought, Robin, that you And he said, "Somebody here?"

UTAH GAS & COKE CO. were in love with someone else,""Yes,"she said. "A sort of

OGDEN GAS CO. she said, not looking at him, "belittle kitten, with big eyes."

little incodoorway. WASATCH GAS CO. causelike it. your—yourYou know—aletter sounded He walked listlessly through the

herent. They were restless letters. He could see her hair shining un-

I sensed a wild new sweet joy. der the light. It was more beautiful

The Improvement Era for August, 1933 637

than he had remembered. It was And "Yes,"she answered. Then keep her up too late, Robin."And

so bright it hurt his eyes. she laughed a little. "I had to Mother smiled. When Mother

"I was lost at first,"her voice come tonight, my dear Robin,"she smiled like that she was pleased and said. said. "I was afraid I would forget satisfied.

"But you're home now, aren't how black your hair was and your He looked hard at the little hand you?"He stood, staring down at nice wrists."that lay in his own, touched the

her. He had never been so happy. little bright fingernails. "They've

"Not home yet. I will be, some "And I could carry you some of the always told me,"he repeated, with

day, I suppose."Her voice sounded time. You're so little."a frown between his eyebrows,

like ripe fruit and very clear cold "I wouldn't need ever to be car- "always, mind you, that home is water and a little girl singing. ried. I never get tired."best."

He came and sat down beside "But you don't know."how fast "Oh, it is,"she said, "it is!her. and how far I walk—Home is best when you've seen a

"I came,"she said, "to tell you Mother was standing in the Chinese temple at dusk with a small that my father wants someone very doorway. She said, "Jennifer can rosy moon at its highest tip, when

intellectual and capable and all the have Janet's room. You mustn't you've walked in the bluewhite

rest of the things that you are, to go practically every place in the world. You will have to add up

things, and subtract. You will

have to talk to men about rubberand silks and land."Mother

Her face was round and sweet.

Her lashes were so long they made Deserves It!

little fringed shadows on her cheeks. Her hands were little and AH the rest of her life an

square and brown, and lovelier, Electric Range will elimilovelier than he had thought they could be. He took one of them in nate soot and dirt and unhis own. It was the first time he necessary drudgery. Decide

her. began His heart touchedhad to install an Electric Range shut queer tumblings. Heto do

his eyes to the brightness of her hair while prices are low.

goldencolored herand the glow of Phone Us eyes. he asked. I go?"can "How

Her throat was like cream above the amber velvet of her frock. "Home

is best. Someone told me so. I UTAH POWER & LIGHT

must get my old job back, and CO.

become quite rich, and be useful to Efficient Public Service my neighbors."

"Yes,"she said. "You must."

He felt a strange, deep disappointment. "But I will not be

very happy,"he said. "On sumto nightsmercolored

."TEMPLE BRAND orwalk to Bangkok IParis—will want

She was smiling at him. "Or

Nome,"she said softly, "or Jerusalem."GARMENTSmanufactured for the

He wanted to touch her hair and SALT LAKE KNITTING STORE smooth his finger over her silky Of superior quality and workmanship ordering from uscurved eyebrows. "Breathing And sold at prices defying:remembercompetition.We Pay PostageWhen

the deep, with deep asmoonlight FOR LADIES FOR MEN $.85 703 Flat Weave Rayon

water, and sometimes mud, and 719 Ribbed Light Weight 1.00 610 Ribbed Light Wt $1.101.00

squashy green grass underfoot."749736 FineLight QualityWeightCottonCotton 1.0069 602614 ExtraMed. Wt.FineEx.QualityQuality 1.001.10

711 Silk Stripe Med. Wt 1.00 646 Light Weight Cotton 69

749 Fine Quality Coton 1.00 663 Med. Heavy Unbleached Cotton.. 1.50

762 NonRun Rayon 664 1.10 Med. 1.50 Cotton Heavy Wt. in silence, sat TfHEY 715 Fine CJ35 Quality Rayon 89 Light Ribbed Weight 89 Cotton

still little lingersmile the 785she Light with Weight Cotton Ribbed 89 601 Med. Style Weight Only 1.00 New

Fine Quality 1.49 NonRun 629 Rayon Quality Super 1.50 Proof Run lips. he 720 her Suddenly abouting

; Garments Request, Silk, 15c Marked for Upon Cotton 20c

knew that he could never live 20% Extra Charge for Sizes over 46 without her, that he loved her more orDo shortnot failsleeve,to specifyshort Newor longor OldlegsStyleare andwanted.if for ManGive oraccurateWoman,Bustalso Measurement,state if long

than anything in the world, that Height and Weight. Samples Sent Upon Request.

her. lovehe always would "You SALT KNITTING LAKE STOREwill will go marry me and we St., Salt to70 So. Main Without Notice Subject to Change Lake City, Utah—Prices

gether,"he said.

.

638 The Improvement Era for August, 1933

snow of St. Petersburg, when sorrowfully, "will have ver\j red

you've stood very still to see scarlet hair."

macaws go through the thick purHe bent and kissed her suddenly ple shade above your head, when and found that her hair did, as he you've dipped your fingers in the had thought, smell of flowers, and."that her eyelids were very smooth Sea of Galike—He knew, he knew! and soft—

"But some day, my dear Robin,"And at that moment, somewhere she went on, "we will come back to \n the darkness, a man called Rich- a safe white house, with a garden ard was going swiftly to meet a and trees, and maybe a brook for tall pale girl in dark blue who our redheaded children to bathe in. waited for him with love in her

Some of them, I'm afraid,"she said heart and shining through her eyes.

-Kli'VSO4iThis Invisible World of Ours

Continued from page 597

finds continues, but he if ganisms the edge has taught farmer why, Cym Jjnae relatives crop, of little fungi, secure thousands he would a maximum he must plow his soil in the fall or of the common yeast. As many as

The observance of the early spring. one million to the pound of these

assist farther he investigates be present. fungi They As may man

the plant a correct social forms is finds the bacteria in of decomposition which inthe few of never fnore important habit the soil are harmful. It has refuse which is added to the soil.

been noticed that spores, which are There are also hundreds of thouthan in the matter of bacteria in the resting stage, may sands of little green plants called live for years in the soil of pastures. algae, microscopic in size, which

Wedding Invitations or Animals pasturing may swallow manufacture their own food and some of these spores. The spores furnish energy to millions of bacAnnouncements. Here of such a microbe as anthrax may teria. They also help to control

you are certain of the blood,then becomethe liveractive,andmultiplythe spleen,in the somefrom theplantsoil.diseasesBesideswhichthese, comethere

newest and smartest. gorge the organisms with bacteria. are great numbers of simple animals

Within a few hours the animal known as protozoa. In order to

One hundred $ '.00 anthrax.will suddenlyManbecomeworkingill, andwithdiesuchof maketo knowthe mostthe functionof the earthand wetheneedrepriced at a diseased animal may contract a sponse to varying environmental

skin infection and develop boils and conditions of these protozoa.

THE abscessestule. Heknownmay inhaleas malignantthese sporespossects,Then,too,thereas wellare thousandsas other typesof inof

similar very to pneumonia. various kinds part do these What Deseret News and develop a woolsorter's disease animal life.

little Another in soil play spore which reof organisms economy?

sides soil in the is known more as B, Frankly, do not we know Vress tentanus, the which organism little to answer of the than a very

Street 29 Richards causes Horses, calves and lockjaw. lies the this question. Therein

Salt Utah Lake City, old cattle this organism harbor in challenge. Until we we know

their intestines without causing any shall never be able to say that wc apparent trouble. The excretions have subdued the earth. Man's

asBE of such animals may become part attempt to investigate this problem INDEPENDENT soil, of the the microbe then with eventually rewarded be should

I Vocation So Profitable Other No stage. a resting or spore sumes As as success. will find, however, He ENROLL nails NOW rusty such attach to they may S. our Dr. one of A. Waksman, at the Course a Complete For steps splinters. or individual An soil microbiolocountry's eminent

desplinters nails such or and on soil gists this says, population that Of Culture BeautyQuish School disease velops the lockjaw.

activities is the complex, extremely in the West The Best other several there are Then surprisingly our knowlnumerous, 304-9 Bldg. Ezra Thompson live the disease in microbes which

limited, our and appallingly edge CITY, LAKE SALT UTAH soil, a will space permit not but methods very crude, yet opporFor Further Information discussion of them. Yet, there are

for tunities giving Call and knowledge Catalog and ordisease very of these many 7560 or not Wasatch valuable information which adding especially ganisms, one conwhen Fill in This to of tremendous be is bound are siders the thousands Coupon which beneficial. scientific and practical interest are

great. The soil and the microbe

>OT only does one find bacteria await the investigator, first of all as his study of soil microorthe chemist, the physicist, and the

The Improvement Era for August, 1933 639

biologist, who are not looking for practical gains, but for explaining the obscure and observing the unknown. The invisible world is a chalJor delicious

lenge to man. A study of it often stimulates man's desire for more. AUGUST MENUS

Out of it should come an apprecool, salads, desserts appetizing refreshing, For and ciation of nature. reMany have

this hottest sure to get Royal the year, be month of ceived significant glimpses of the

Setting Gelatin Quick 7 popular Desserts... force it all. divine behind which is

flavors... Strawberry, Raspberry, Orange, Lemon, continues this study, As one he

masters nature, and in so doing, Lime, Cherry and the new Pineapple flavor.

says Brigham Young, he masters a And don't overlook Royal Chocolate and Vanilla knowledge of the laws of God. Puddings for the finest icebox desserts you've

Thus in investigating the mysteries ever tasted.

of the invisible world about us, one not only gains intellectual growth, All Royal Desserts are quickly and easily prepared, but he contributes very greatly to and are sure to please every member of the family.

the religious life.

-"leuoiMarking the HandROYAL DESSERTS S On Sale at Leading Grocers Cart Trail Continuedpage from589 dedicated upon the trip, which lasted five days.

At nearly every stopping place the stirring old hymn, "Come, Come Ye Saints,"was impressively sung by a devout group, nearly A LITTLE LIGHT every one of whom had ancestors A little light on your insurance will undoubtwho walked or drove across the plains before the year 1860. No edly reveal the fact that you are greatly underone who has not really seen with insured. Think what it would mean if fire

his own eyes those endless Wyodestroyed your property.

ming hills and prairies can fully appreciate the it courage required for those pioneers to their UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO. sing

famous handcart song. See our agent in your town.

"For some must push and some must pull,

As we go marching the up hill; HEBER J. GRANT CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City

So merrily on the way go we Until we reach the valley. Oh!

"But some will say, 'it is too bad The Saints upon the foot to pad,'Salt Lake Gity's Newest Popular Hotel

And more than that to pull a load,

As they go marching o'er the road.

But then we say, it is the plan

To gather up the best of men TEL And women too—for none but they HO

Will ever travel in this way.

before long the valley's "And gained TEMPLE be met the plains We will upon

With music sweet and friends so dear,

And fresh supplies our hearts to cheer; And then with music and with song SQUARE

How cheerfully we'll march along 200 Rooms each with

And thank the day we made a start

To cross the plains with our handcart."Tile Bath

It was, indeed, fortunate that Rates this part of the song came true or $1.50 to $4.00

the trail from Martin's Cove to Radio Connections for

Old South, Pass might have been paralleled with rows of graves. As Every Room

it is, it is now paralleled with rows Opposite Great Mormon Temple to of markers commemorate the ERNEST C. ROSSITER, Managerheroic deeds of those who passed

that way. m tm m

"\tAJv iigjt J0JAC5vJ

FOREVER OR NEVER some of the others 'felt about it.'The life of a missionary

closes. Captain our serial True this number B. life. Yes sir!"

as he sees a problem to present has attempted WITHHarmsen in this land is full to overflowing with the rich experiences of Very sincerely, it. There have been those who did not agree with the Captain Catherine Marsh."

and those who did. At any rate, the evidence is now all in.

If the story aids in helping but a few missionaries to readjust INTRODUCING SOME OF OUR AUTHORS of the faculty professor a on L. BEELEY,

that little need well of upon their return, then it has been worth while. DR.theARTHURUniversity Utah, is so known

ANOTHER SERIAL COMING UP be said of him except that he is one of the outstanding socitraveling is present at and that he ologists the West; of

files called, Cinderin Beloved a story have our "The received a very of having the result as in Europe studying "is a the lady holds in which young WE ella This a yam the General is of scholarship; he a member coveted traveling

spotlight. We think for the romantic reader it will be all Board of the M. I. A.

that a story should be. Norman C. Pierce, author of "The Legend of Quetzalcoatl,"

has been a student of the University of Mexico, has spent some time in that land, is definitely interested in Indians. His

contest. get to arc eager good photographic is some Springville, our at Utah. residence We SEE

a lot pictures of fun out to get encourage story author Marble, you and to Arthur L. of "How to be Safe in the Water,"

of posing your friends, your pets, your "toys"of all kinds in is a Brigham City boy who is now studying at Columbia such a wtay as to make them tell a story. University, in the City of New York. He is a former student

of Weber College and the Utah State Agricultural College.

THAT POETRY PRIZE He has taught at Boxelder High School.

is Leprosy?"Jacobsen, of Virginia author About "What

'the arc near filled to select time a is drawing 'HE has when we of University best a She Utah. student of the former

*I this year. in the a sense, is a In published housewife present Islands at magazine poem to the mission Hawaiian and

this is not a contest, it is merely an added encouragement to with a charming family.

our writers. Harve Buntin, author of "Boulder, the City by the Dam,"

is a resident of Las Vegas, Nevada, and otherwise is little

May 30, 1933, known by The Improvement Era stzS.

Preston, England. Isabel Neill, author of 'Tromise of the Wheat,"is a lady

Improvement Era is always a very great joy. The who resides in the Northwest. She has contributed one other MYcontents are so diversified, and in addition to being edupioneer story—"The Gift of Water,"which appeared in this

time ago. some magazine cational, are a great source inspiration."of

Kennelly, Ardyth author of "How Lovely Youth,"is the yours, sincerely Very

Sings,"contributed poems, "Sixteen the person who G. Homer Durham."same

a story published other vefse. Some time ago we of hers—and

WHAT IS YOUR FAVORITE STORY OF THE YEAR? "FireMarianand Song."Gardner Nielson is now residing in San Juan

should be interested in knowing which of all the County. As a girl she studied at Brigham Young University

University the of Utah. and in this WE volume—November

is the staff Desevet of of Smith A. a member The Henry best. to thus liked October, have The stories

publicais editor the that supplement of of Church and far published Valentine,"and News Ring "Wedding storiesinclusive—youare:we have"Thepublished

Cow Bell,""Dawn,"in the February number; "Hearts Can tion.

Ache Too,"and "Palmetto,"March number; "Forever or i -f -t

Never,"a serial, "Knows All, Sees All, Tells All,"April numWe arc in need of a Christmas story. It would be difiicult

ber; "Tobitisi,""Money Talks,""The House On The Hillfor us to say what kind of a story we want. We only know

Catalogue Tall that breathes the spirit of side,"June number; Dark Man,""The "A

Horse,"sentimental. number; Shcp,"Mother,""The Gift "Old one—oneis not too May "A Christmasthat we wantand yeta goodone that

Home For The Family,""Poetry and Prunes,""The Gift of

Water,"November! "Our Farmer,""Christmas Bills,""SilDID HE LIKE THAT JULY COVER?

ver Lining,"December number; "The Valley of Peace,""The Eureka, Utah, July 7.

let's have of Business write. not Being A Soar,""Amigo,"January number. IFalltheof restit. of your art can match the July cover, Why

f i i Yoiars most sincerely, AFTER reading the Eva all my life (short though it may D. H. Horg. THIS LAD LIKES JOHN ALDER

regards to encouragement to those of the younger generation Dear Editor:

who may aspire to the Literati, I have summoned the cour- T> VAN HERMES must be suffering from chronic indiage to send in the enclosed verses. They may not be 'poetry,'"'gestion to make him find fault with a story like "Forand are probably 'all wrong'as far as composition, meter, etc., ever or Never,"by Captain True B. Harmsen,

go. However, they have the distinction (?) of being the Frankly, I've never been able to interest myself in the angelic

result of what Wordsworth describes as good literature hero of your magazine, and you finally give us ia real man "The spontaneous overflow of human Emotions."So, the acting naturally like any honest, conscientious person would

ideas are there. You will be the judge as to whether said ideas act, and a chap like B. V. H. has to knock it!!!!!

arc clothed in fit language to print. Does he object to the fight? Didn't the Lord take a rope

"We receive the Eva here in the district ofiice each month. and clean out the Temple? I hope they clean out that speakIt sort of helps to keep in touch with life and thought out in easy, and I sure hope John Alder gets another crack at that Biff

the valleys of the mountains. Seeing some of the new Randolph.

nmes in it has encouraged me in my literary attempts, and Yours truly.

thus, the work rolls along. After seeing the English counLa Mar Winn,

tryside one can realize in a sense, just how Wordsworth and Kaibab Forest, Arizona.

m M il I HiillH- -H iiii iiti ii—irH—itii*—iiiii I 11—niiH—ti iiiin.ni M iii—nimiiiinii—nnwwH'—llll*!!—W—#y

Challenges to Greater

Whether you have decided upon your life's work or not, Utah's State University offers courses that will make for your educational progress. Investigate the advantages of taking the Lower

Division courses leading to the School of Arts and Sciences or to one of the professional schools of the University. The Faculty Advisers of the Lower Division and the Bureau of Student

Counsel will guide you in the choice of a career.

THE UNIVERSITY OF UTAH

maintains over forty departments from which to choose, each giving standard work, credit for which is fully recognized and accepted anywhere in the University world. The high quality of

scholarship among the faculty is well known as well as the high standard of entrance and graduation requirements of the institution. A wide program of extracurricular activity also furnishes abundant opportunity for individual initiative and the cultivation of worthwhile recreational habits. Journalistic training, debating, athletics, dramatics, music and student government

each contribute to an education for a life of progress.

Registration Dates

Freshmen must take the English and Psychological examinations September 20, and attend special instructional classes September 2123, held under the direction of the newly organized Lower

Division, which will greatly assist entering students. Students with advanced standing register

September 25. Regular class work for all students begins September 26. Freshmen must send

their high school credits and applications for entrance to the Recorder's Office immediately.

Make Your Plans Now to Register

THE LOWER DIVISION SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES SCHOOL OF MEDICINE

SCHOOL OF EDUCATION SCHOOL OF LAW

SCHOOL OF MINES AND ENGINEERING SCHOOL OF BUSINESS

GRADUATE WORK THE EXTENSION DIVISION

For catalog or information, address, The President,

F SALT LAKE CITY

-"""iiti! "n... <............. 1] n,r,1 1, II n II,ii,11,111,1 II

A WORLD OF THEIR OWN The atmosphere prevalent in and about this mountain cabin—is convincing

evidence there isBeneficial protection here.

No matter how remote or distant the spot may be, a Beneficial policy carries the same 100% protection and value. It provides that contented feeling of security which spells happiness in any home.

When a man marries he assumes the financial responsibility of caring for his wife not only so long as he lives but so long as she lives.

C TLI C Ci ITI ID C

Any Beneficial representative will advise you on the policy best suited to your individual needs and will explain why Beneficial Insurance is best.

Beneficial Policyholders Share in the Net Earnings of fOeBIG HOME COMPANY

MY

DIRECTORS DIRECTORS

Hcber J. Grant G;o. J. Cannon B. F. Grant

Ivins A. W. E. T. Ralphs 0. David McKay

J. Reuben F. Clark, Jr Jos. B. Smith A. C. Ohison

THE SAFEST ROUTE TO FINANCIAL INDEPENDENCE IS THROUGH LIFE INSURANCE