Vol. VIII. The glory of God i? intelligence. No. II

IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Organ of Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations.

PUBLISHED BY THE GENERAL BOARD.

F. Joseph Business Smith, l J

( } Managers. H.Anderson Edward vrwtnrsJ1101 "- ThomasHeber J. Hull,Grant,

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as SecondClass Matter.

SEPTEMBER, 1905.

TABLE OF CONTENTS.

Originality of the Book of Mormon B. H. Roberts 801

Hymn Niels F.Green 816

A Mother's Letters to Her Missionary Son—VII.. Susa Young Gates 817

Good Advice 822 An Incident of EveryDay Life Edward H. Anderson 823

By Grace are Ye Saved Fred J. Pack 827

Good for Boys 830 The Loyal Road. A Story Lou Lewis 831

A Danger Signal. A Poem Walter Emmett 839

Doit Now—But How? Susa Young Gates 841

Monochiomes. A Poem J. L. Townsend 847

The Right Way and the Wrong. A Poem Isaiah W. Fletcher 848

Some Facts and Fancies of "Mormonism".. Dr. James E. Talmage 849'

Hearts of Gold. A Poem Grace Ingles Frost 861

Topics of Moment—The Equitable Life Insurance

Company—Peace Conference and Portsmouth 86Z

Editor's Table—Avoid Debt and Credit Prest. Joseph F. Smith 865

Greetings to M. I. A. Workers 867

Notes 870 Our Work—Y. M. M. I. A. Annual Conventions... 871

Events of the Month Joseph F. Smith, Jr. 875

SALT LAKE CITY:

214 tP 215 TEMPLETON BUILDING.

Published Monthly. $2.00 Per Annum.

G. McClaln, Prest. T. Burton, Sec. Theo. KEEP MONEY AT HOME John Burton, Treas. W. J.

BY INSURING IN THE BURTON GOAL & LOMBER GO.

All kinds of GOAL.

Of all kinds. LUMBER

Wholesale and Retail. Lumber In car lots

a specialty.

Office, 60 W. Second South St. Yards, Cor.

Fifth South and Third West St.

Telephone 808.

THH.

f STATE BflflK UTAH Accounts Solicited.

Don't carry your own risk. Correspondence Invited.

OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS.

Joseph HEBER J, GRANT & CO., Wm. B. F.Preston,Smith, President.VicePresident.

GENERAL AGENTS. HenryCharlesT.S.McEwan,Burton, Cashier.Ass't Cashier.

Heber J. Grant, Jos. D. Murdock,

2026 South Main Street, Salt Lake City. A. W. Carlson, Heber M.WeUs,

ByrcnGroo, Isaac Barton.

YOU ARE DELUDING YOURSELF Telephone 351. WHEN YOU SAY,

Jos.Wm.Taylor,

UTAH'S LEADING UNDERTAKER jJ|| "A Telephone

AND LICENSED EMBALMER.

Fine Funeral Chapel, Private Parlor, Show Rooms and Morgue. 1P would be of

OFFICE OPEN DAY AND NIGHT.

21, 23, 25 South West Temple St. no use to me

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

at the house/ TRY IT AND SEE.

ORLflN CLYDE CULLEN, Ask any of your many COUNSELORBT-LAW. friends who have it.

U. 8. Supreme Court, Registered Attorney

U.S. Patent Office, United States and For- * 3*

eign Patents, Caveats, Trade Marks and

Copyrights. ONE DOLLAR PER MONTH IS

i)pp. U. S. Patent Office WA8HINGT0N.D.G. ARGUMENT.

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Bra.)

SALTAIR

Pavilion entirely enclosed, both upper and lower floors, with glass. Largest and finest hard wood dance floor in the United

States. New restaurant just completed. Any thiDg you want

to eat at popular prices, no need carrying lunches.

We are now booking dates and will be pleased to hear from the various Associations as soon as possible.

Season of 1905 opens May 30th, Decoration Day.

J. E. LANGFORD, Lessee.

MISSIONARIES

write should to | People You 9m9 the call on or 999SALT LAKE KNITTING WORKS S Like to Meet i for their Are found on the through trains of the 999

HOSIERY, UNDERWEAR AND "GARMENTS"Santa Fe Route. Firstclass travel is attracted to firstclass roads. The Santa Fe before leaving for Route is a firstclass road. 999

their fields of labor. It is one of the three LARGEST RAILWAY SYSTEMS in the world. Present mileage, 7,754 miles. 999

It to the Michigan from Lake extends full line of have aWe of Pacific reachMtxico, Ocean 999 Chicago, ing RAILS ITS WITH andOWNGulf NECKWEAR. HOSIERY, SHIRTS, WHITE Fort City, Denver, GalvesWorth, Kansas

ton, El Paso, Los Angeles, and San FranSir Specialty is KNITTED "GARMENTS."Cisco. 999

transcon- the finest and fastest It runs 99 tinental LIMITED. the CALIFORNIA from in Cotton $1.00 up them We have 9 Its by Mr. managed up. SERVICE, from 11.75 MEALtrain, In Wool and Fred Harvey, is the best in the world. 9

TUSRIL, US. is laid rockballasted and BV FROM ORDER Its TRACK 9.9 steel with heavy throughout seisd your "Garments"ordering When this, a road as DISsuch rails.LONG On of length chest weight, andheight, measure shatare frequently TANCE RECORDS tosleeve the 999 of that latest feat being tered, the

"Peacock Special,"Los Angeles to Chi- 9

Salt take Knitting Works, cago,Every2,265comfortmiles inandless luxurythan 58 desiredhours. by 99

travelers. sell you a ticket over* the Santa SRLT LKKE CITY, UTKH. modern Mav we 999 Fe? JOSEPH R. SMITH, Mgr.

DIRECTORS W. J. BLACK, O. P. A., A. T. <* S. F, RY. Joseph F. Smith. President.

Clawson, Rudger VicePresident. TOREKA* KANSAS. Hull, Thomas 999*99

Joseph Nelson, w Alvin F. Smith. %ro&HttaasNmwM&imfcMr (When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Era.)

THE PRESTIGE OF AN OLD sometimes causes imitation.

is only one TaylorRomney-ArmstrongCo., THERE

organized in 1869, and still doing business under the same name. Be sure you get the name right.

No need to tell you that we sell lumber of all kinds and everything else that is usually sold by a firstclass yard.

mill lots of it. Other We also do custom work—yes,

dealers who send us their mill work tell us they do so because the work is done better than elsewhere. No

Joubt that is the reason. Suppose you try it.

TfiYltOHOIIllEYflHliSTHOllQ'CO.,

South Temple and Seeond West.

SAVE YOUR MONEY, AND WHEN YOD GET A DOLLAR DEPOSIT IT WITH

ZION'S SAVINGS BANK & TRUST COHPANY.

4 Per Cent Interest Paid on $1. to $5,000,

Viz OFFICBRS, Joseph F. Smith,

President Anthon H. Lund,

VicePresident George M. Cannon,

Cashier Lewis M. Cannon,

Asst. Cashier

DIRECTORS.

Joseph F. Smith

Anthon H. Lund

John R. Winder

T. G. Webber

James Jack John T. Caine

Angus M. Cannon

Francis M. Lyman

George Reynolds L. John Nuttall

Angus J. Cannon

A. O. Woodruff

Hyrum M. Smith

-N0.1MRIN STREBT.SHLT LHK6CITY, UTHH

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Era.)

Vol. VIII. SEPTEMBER, 1905. No. 11.

ORIGINALITY OF THE BOOK OF MORMON.

BY ELDER B. H. ROBERTS.

[It has been said often by critics that there is nothing original in the Book of Mormon. Since the gospel is the same in principle forever,

it matters little whether there is anything original in the Book of Mormon or not, so far as its value to mankind is concerned; but the statement is not true that there are no new and important truths in its

pages, for "in the matter of Christian truths which it sets forth, and those it emphasizes, the Book of Mormon is original."

This subject: "The Originality of the Book of Mormon an Evidence in Support of its Claims,"is fully treated in the Manual for 1905-

6, in two pointed chapters, and in several subdivisions,of such general interest and importance that the special attention of teachers and members of the Y. M. M. I. A. is called thereto. Particular attention is

called to subdivision seven "The Fall of Adam—The Purpose of Man's

Existence,"which will be published in the Era for October.

We present herewith, subdivisions 8, 9, and 10 on another, yet similar, subject, showing that the Book of Mormon, besides being original, contains also ideas which may be regarded as far beyond the 802 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

thoughts or philosophy of Joseph the Prophet, and his associates; and,

indeed, beyond the ancient or modern philosophy of men.

On these and other subjects, Elder B. H. Roberts has succeeded in

pointing out a new and fascinating way for the study of the sacred record, which must prove intensely attractive to the student, and make class work in our associations irresistibly engaging. Editors.]

THE BOOK OF MORMON DEFINITION OF TRUTH.

For some time I was not quite sure whether the matters under this and the two following subdivisions should be classed as instances of originality in the Book of Mormon, or regarded only as ideas beyond the thoughts or philosophy of Joseph Smith or any of his associates who assisted in bringing into existence the

Book of Mormon.- Finally, I decided upon the latter form of

presentation, though still strongly of the opinion that they could be classed, in several respects, as original ideas.

When Jesus stood bound before Pilate's judgment seat and testified that he was born to bear witness of the truth, Pilate whether in mockery or in earnest curiosity we may not know asked the question: "What is truth?"Most commentators say

that, without waiting for an answer, the Roman procurator departed from the judgment hall to speak to the Jews clamoring on the outside; and all regret the opportunity that was there lost of

receiving a divine answer to the question. One set of commentators referring to Pilate's question say to him: "Thou stirrest the

question of questions, which the thoughtful of every age have asked, but never man yet answered."*

A secular writer presents the same incident as follows:

"What is truth?"'was the passionate demand of a Romam procurator, on one of the most momentous occasions in history. And the

divine person who stood before him, to whom the interrogation was addressed, made no reply—unless, indeed, silence contained the reply.

Often and vainly had that demand been made before—often and

*See Jamieson, Fausset and Brown's Commentary Critical and

Explanatory of the Old and New Testament. The remark quoted in

the text is upon John 18: 37, 38.

ORIGINALITY OF THE BOOK OF MORMON. 803

vainly has it been made since. No one has yet given a satisfactory

answer.*

Then by way of historical illustration of this asseveration, he remarks the following:

When, at the dawn of science in Greece, the ancient religion was disappearing, like a mist at sunrise, the pious and thoughtful men of that country were thrown into a condition of intellectual despair. Anaxagoras plaintively exclaims, "Nothing can be known, nothing can be

learned, nothing can be certain, sense is limited, intellect is weak, life is short."Xenophanes tells us that it is impossible for us to be

certain even when we utter the truth. Parmenides declares that the

very constitution of man prevents him from ascertaining absolute truth.

Empedocles affirms that all philosophical and religious systems must be unreliable, because we have no criterion by which to test them.

Democritus asserts that even things that are true cannot impart certainty to us; that the final result of human inquiry is the discovery that man is incapable of absolute knowledge; that, even if the

truth be in his possession, he cannot be certain of it. Pyrrho bids

us reflect on the necessity of suspending our judgment of things, since we have no criterion of truth; so deep a distrust did he impart to

his followers that they were in the habit of saying, "We assert nothing: not even that we assert nothing."Epicurus taught his

disciples that truth can never be determined by reason. Arcesilaus

denying both intellectual and sensuous knowledge, publicly avowed that he knew nothing, not even his own ignorance? The general conclusion

to which Greek philosophy came was this—that, in view of the contradiction of the evidence of the senses, we cannot distinguish the

true from the false; and such is the imperfection of reason, that we

cannot affirm the correctness of any philosophical deduction.!

I make these quotations to show that no satisfactory definition of what truth is, either in ancient or modern times, either in religion or philosophy, has been found, and also to call attention to the fact that, if in the Book of Mormon there is a definition of truth that appeals with irresistible force to the understanding of

* Conflict Between Religion and Science, John William Draper, M.

D., L. L. D., pp. 201, 202.

t Conflict Between Religion and Science, Draper, p. 202.

804 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

men, it must be a strongly original utterance, and a revelation of the utmost importance. A thing of peculiar interest, in this definition which I shall presently quote, is, that it is not presented in

any formal manner, but is casually introduced in an admonition made by one of the Nephite prophets addressed to his people, and stands as follows:

My brethren, he that prophesieth, let him prophesy to the understanding of men; for the Spirit speaketh the truth, and lieth not.

Wherefore, it speaketh of things as they really are, and of things as they really will be; wherefore, these things are manifested unto us

plainly, for the salvation of our souls. *

From this it is evident that truth is the existence of things as they are, past or present, or as they will be. Or, more

briefly

Iruth is that which is.

This formula is not found expressly in the Book of Mormon.

It is a deduction; but it is a necessary deduction, an inevitable

one from the premises. Of course, I am prepared to hear that it

is ot satinsfactory; that it is too indefinite. It will be said that it

represents "the sum of existence"f as the truth, and that this is beyond the comprehension of the finite mind to grasp. I shall

concede the claim; but because man cannot comprehend the sum

of existence, or the fulness of truth, it does not follow that the definition is at fault, or that it can be displaced by one meaning more or less. Reflection upon the one here deduced from the

Book of Mormon passage will develop the fact that it is a selfevi- dent, selfexplained, statement, whether finite minds can encompass what it presents or not. It is of the nature of such statements as, "duration is eternal,"without beginning, without end;

* Jacob iv: 13.

|The expression is substantially that of the late Elder John Jaques, late assistant historian of the Church, in his neverto-beforgotten hymn: TRUTH.

Though the heavens depart and the earth's fountains burst,

Truth, the sum of existence, will weather the worst,

Eternal, unchanged, evermore.

ORIGINALITY OF THE BOOK OF MORMON. 805

"space is boundless,"it has no point at which it may be said to begin or end. It is vain to say the finite mind cannot grasp the

facts presented by these statements. That is true; but the mind

cannot conceive the opposite; that is to say, that space has limits;

or that duration has a beginning and an ending;* and hence, the

mind accepts these facts as necessary truths. In like manner

this Book of Mormon definition of truth will be accepted, because the mind cannot conceive of anything being added to it; nor anything being omitted from it. When you have the "sum of existence,"you have all that is; if it were possible for anything to be

omitted from the sum of existence, by so much would the truth be reduced. "Truth is that which is"—"Truth is the sum of existence,"is the statement of a necessary truth. It must be selfevident that a finite mind cannot encompass the "sum of existence,"or truth, for that would be to comprehend the infinite.

"Truth as it appears to us,"says S. BaringGould, "can only be

relative, because we ourselves, being relative creatures, have only a relative perception and judgment. We appreciate that which is

true to ourselves, not that which is universally true."f By which

really is meant that so much of the sum of existence as the finite mind can encompass, is grasping so much of the truth. To each

individual, knowledge of that which is, or knowledge of things as they are, and as they were, and as they are to be, will be to him the truth, and the fulness thereof, though not necessarily all the truth there is. Absolute truth, by which I mean the sum of existence, is not dependent on human knowledge; much of it, the

greater part of it, in fact, may exist independent of that knowledge. To illustrate: America existed, though all Europe was

without knowledge of it for ages, until, in fact, it was discovered by Columbus. The power of steam always existed, but men did

not know it, or, at least.did not know how to control it until modern times. So the force we call electricity, it always existed, but

not until recent years did man know it; and so as to many other

*For a fuller consideration of the subject see New Witnesses, vol.

I, chapter xxix.

f Religious Beliefs, vol. 2, p. 41.

806 IMPROVEMENT ERA

forces and truths in God's universe, that are now existing, and have always existed, but man as yet has no knowledge of them.

The storehouse of truth is not yet exhausted by man's discoveries.

There are more truths in heaven and earth than are yet dreamed of in philosophies. Still, in the last analysis of things, and in the

broader view of the subject, one mav sav that there is no truth where intelligences do not also exist to cognize it; and hence it

may be said that "truth is knowledge of things as they are, and as they were, and as they are to be."* Note the words—"Things

* * * * as they are to be;"or, as the Book of Mormon

phrases it—"Things * * * * as they really will be."This

presents a view of truth seldom, if ever, met with. It gives to it

the idea of movement. Truth is not a stagnant pool, but a living

fountain; not a dead sea without tides or currents; on the contrary, it is an ocean, immeasurably great, vast, coextensive with

boundless, endless and sublime!the universe—brightheaving,

moving in majestic currents, unlifted by tides in ceaseless ebb and flow; variant but orderly; taking on new forms from everchanging

combinations; new adjustments, new relations—muliplying itself

in ten thousand times ten thousand ways; ever reflecting the intelligence of the infinite; and declaring, alike in its whispers and

in its thunders, the hived wisdom of the ages—of God!

THE DOCTRINE OF OPPOSITE EXISTENCES.

Of this same class of ideas is what I shall call the Book of

Mormon doctrine of "opposite existences,"what the scholastics would call "antinomies."Be not disheartened at this statement of

the subject; the Book of Mormon presentation of it will be much

simpler; that simplicity, in fact, is part of its originality, an evidence of its being inspired. The statement of the docrrine in

question occurs in a discourse of Lehi's on the subject of the atonement. The aged prophet represents happiness or misery

as growing out of the acceptance or rejection of the atonement of the Christ, and adds that the misery consequent upon its rejection is in opposition to the happiness which is affixed to its

Doctrine and Covenants, Sec. 93: 24.

ORIGINALITY OF THE BOOK OF MORMON. 807

acceptance. "For it must needs be,"he continues, "that there

is an opposition in all things. If [it were] not so * * * *

righteousness could not be brought to pass; nor wickedness;

neither holiness nor misery; neither good nor bad. Wherefore

[that is, if this fact of opposites did not exist] all things must needs be a compound in one; wherefore if it [the sum of things]

should be one body, it must needs remain as dead, having no life, neither death, nor corruption, nor incorruption, happiness nor misery, neither sense nor insensibility. Wherefore, it must needs

have been created for a thing of naught; wherefore there would

have been no purpose in the end of its creation Wherefore, this thing [i.e. the absence of opposite existences which Lehi is supposing] must needs destroy the wisdom of God, and his eternal purposes; and also the power, and the mercy, and the justice of God."*

* It is a pleasure to note that this process of reasoning, remarkable as it is, and startling as it is in its conclusions, is in harmony with modern thought. Mr. Lester F. Ward, whose works I have already quoted

in this chapter, by a closely analogous course of reasoning, reaches the same conclusion. This is the passage:

"The pleasure of doing good is among the most delicious of which the human faculties are capable, and becomes the permanent stimulus to thousands of worthy lives. It is usually looked upon as the highest

of all motives, and by some,as the ultimate goal toward which all action should aspire. It should first be observed, that the very act of doing

good presupposes evil, i. e. pain. Doing good is necessarily either increasing pleasure or diminishing pain. Now, if all devoted themselves

to doing good, it is maintained that the suffering of the world would be chiefly abolished. Admitting that there are some evils that no human

efforts could remove, and supposing that by united altruism all remov able evils were done away, there would be nothing )eft for altruists to do. By their own acts they would have deprived themselves of a calling. They must be miserable, since the only enjoyment they deemed

worthy of experiencing would be no longer possible, and this suffering from ennui would be among those which lie beyond human power to alleviate. An altruistic act would alone consist in inflicting pain on one's

self for the sole purpose of affording others an opportunity to derive pleasure from the act of relieving it. I do not put the matter in this

light for the purpose of discouraging altruism, but simply to show how shortsighted most ethical reasoning is."

808 IMPRO VEMENT ERA.

The inspired man even goes beyond this, and makes existences themselves depend upon this law of opposites:

And if ye shall say there is no law, ye shall also say there is no sin. And if ye shall say there is no sin, ye shall also say there is no

righteousness. And if there be no righteousness, there be no happiness.

And if there be no righteousness nor happiness, there be no punishment nor misery. And if these things are not, there is no God. And if there

is no God, we are not, neither the earth; for there could have been no

creation of things, neither to act nor to be acted upon, wherefore, all things must have vanished away.*

This may be regarded as a very bold setting forth of the doctrine of antinomies; and yet, I think the logic of it, and the inevitableness of the conclusion, unassailable. ''The world presents

us with a picture of unity and distinction,"says S. BaringGould,

—"unityin his excellentwithoutwork,uniformity,Origin andand distinctionDevelopmentwithoutof Religiousantagonism.Beliefs,

* * * * Everywhere, around us and within us, we see that radical antinomy. The whole astronomic order resolves itself into atcentripetal and a centrifugal force; thetraction and repulsion—a

chemical order into the antinomy of positive and negative electricity, decomposing substances and recomposing them. The whole

visible universe presents the antinomy of light and darkness, movement and repose, force and matter, heat and cold, the one and the multiple. The order of life is resumed in the antinomy of

the individual and the species, the particular and the general; the

order of our sentiments, in that of happiness and sorrow, pleasure and pain; that of our conceptions, in the antinomy of the ideal

and the real; that of our will, in the conditions of activity and

passivity."!

The existence of evil in the world has ever been a vexed problem for both theologians and philosophers, and has led to the wildest speculations imaginable. It will be sufficient here, however, if I note the recognition by high authority of the difficulties

involved in the problem. Of those who have felt and expressed

* II Nephi, 2.

t Origin and Development of Religious Belief, Vc 1. II, pp. 22, 23.

ORIGINALITY OF THE BOOK OF MORMON. 809

these difficulties, I know of no one who has done so in better terms than Henry L. Mansel, in his celebrated course of Bampton Lectures on The Limits of Religious Thought (1358), in the course of

which he says:

The real riddle of existence—the problem which confounds all

philosophy, aye, and all religion, too, so far as religion is a thing of man's reason, is the fact thai evil exists at all; not that it exists for a

longer or a shorter duration. Is not God infinitely wise and holy and

powerful now? and does not sin exist along with that infinite holiness

and wisdom and power? Is God to become more holy, more wise, more

powerful hereafter; and must evil be annihilated to make room for his

perfections to expand? Does the infinity of his eternal nature ebb and

flow with every increase or diminution in the sum of human guilt and misery? Against this immovable barrier of the existence of evil, the

waves of philosophy have dashed themselves unceasingly since the birthday of human thought, and have retired broken and powerless, without displacing the minutest fragment of the stubborn rock, without softening one feature of its dark and rugged surface.*

This truly great writer then proceeds, by plain implication, to make it clear that religion no more than philosophy has solved the problem of the existence of evil:

But this mystery [i.e. the existence of evil], vast and inscrutable

as it is, is but one aspect of a more general problem; it is but the moral

form of the everrecurring secret of the Infinite. How the Infinite and

Finite, in any form of antagonism or other relation, can exist together, how infinite power can coexist with finite activity; how infinite

wisdom can coexist with finite contingency; how infinite goodness can

coexist with finite evil; how the Infinite can exist in any manner without

is the riddle which Infiniteexhausting the universe of reality,—this

Wisdom alone can solve, the problem whose very conception belongs only to that Universal Knowledge which fills and embraces the Universe of Being.f

In the presence of these reflections, it cannot be doubted, then, that the existence of moral evil is one of the world's serious difficulties; and any solution which the Book of Mormon may give

* Limits of Religious Thought, Mansel, p. 197.

t Ibid, pp. 197-8.

810 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

of it, that is really helpful, will be a valuable contribution to the light from the world's enlightenment, a real revelation—a ray of

"inner fact of things."Let us consider if it does this.

In view of the utterances of the Book of Mormon, already quoted, I am justified in saying that evil as well as good is among the eternal things. Its existence did not begin with its appearance

on our earth. Evil existed even in heaven; for Lucifer, and many

other spirits, sinned there; rebelled against heaven's matchless

King, waged war, and were thrust out into the earth for their transgression.*

Evil is not a created quality.f It has always existed as the

background of good. It is as eternal as goodness; it is as eternal

as law; it is as eternal as the agency of intelligence. Sin, which is

evil active, is transgression of law;J and so long as the agency of

intelligence and law have existed, the possibility of the transgression of law has existed; and, as the agency of intelligence and law

have eternally existed, so, too, evil has existed eternally, either potentially or actively, and will always so exist.

* See Rev. 12: 7; Jude 6.

f Lest some textproofer should retort upon me and cite the words text of scriptureof Isaiah—"I make peace and create evil"—the only

will anticipate so far as to sayascribing the creation of "eviFto God—I

that it is quite generally agreed that no reference is made in the words of Isaiah to "moral evil,"but to such evils as may come as judgments upon people for their correction, such as famine, or tempest, or war; such

an "evil"as would stand as the natural antithesis to "peaee,"which word precedes, "I create evil,"—in the text—"I make peace and create"

evil of afflictions and punishments, but—the opposite to peace—"the

not the evil of sin."(Catholic Comment on Isaiah 45: 7). Meantime,

we have the clearest scriptural evidence that moral evil is not a product of God's: "Let no man say when he is tempted, I am tempted of

God; for God cannot be tempted with evil, neither tempteth he any

man."That is to say, God has nothing to do with the creation of

moral evil; "But every man is tempted when he is drawn away of his

own lust, and enticed. Then when lust hath conceived, it bringeth

forth sin; and sin, when it is finished, bringeth forth death."(James 1:

1315). % I John 3: 4.

ORIGINALITY OF THE BOOK OF MORMON. 811

Evil may not be referred to God for its origin. He is not

its creator. It is one of those independent existences that is uncreate, and stands in the category of qualities of eternal things.

While not prepared to accept the doctrine of some philosophers that "good and evil are two sides of one thing,"* I am prepared to believe that evil is a necessary antithesis to good, and essential to the realization of the harmony of the universe. "The good cannot

foil on which it proexist without the antithesis of the evil—the

duces itself and becomes known."f As remarked by Orlando J.

Smith, "Evil exists in the balance of natural forces. * * * *

It is also the background of good, and the trial of good, without which good could not be. As the virtue of courage could not exist without the evil of danger, and as the virtue of sympathy

could not exist without the evil of suffering, so no other virtue could exist without its corresponding evil. In a world without

really conceivable, all men would haveevil—if such a world be

perfect health, perfect intelligence, perfect morals. No one

could gain or impart information, each one's cup of knowledge being full. The temperature would stand forever at seventy degrees, both heat and cold being an evil. There could be no progress, since progress is the overcoming of evil. A world without

evil would be as toil without exertion, as light without darkness, as a battle with no antagonist. It would be a world without

meaning."! Or, as Lehi puts it in still stronger terms—after

posites—"Wherefore,describing what conditionsall thingswouldmustbe needswithoutbe thea compoundexistenceinofone;opwherefore if it [i. e. the sum of things] should be one body, [i. e.

of one character—socalled good without evil] it must needs remain as dead, having no life, neither death, nor corruption nor

incorruption, happiness nor misery, neither sense nor insensibility.

Wherefore it [the sum of things] must needs have been created for a thing of naught; wherefore, there would have been no purpose

in the end of its creation. Wherefore, this thing [the absence of

* Eternalism, Orlando J. Smith, pp. 205-6.

t Scotus Erigena, quoted by Neander, Hist. Christian Religion anaT

Church, Vol. Ill, p. 465.

J Eternalism, pp. 30, 31.

812 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

opposites] must needs destroy the wisdom of God, and his eternal purposes; and also, the power, and the mercy, and the justice

of God."* As there can be no good without the antinomy of evil, so there can be no evil without its antinomy, or antithesis—good.

The existence of one implies the existence of the other; and, conversely, the nonexistence of the latter would imply the nonexist-

ence of the former. It is from this basis that Lehi reached the

conclusion that either his doctrine of antinomies, or the existence of opposites, is true, or else there are no existences. That is to

use his own words—"If ye shall say there is no law, yesay—to

shall also say there is no sin. If ye shall say there is no sin, ye

shall also say there is no righteousness. And if there be no

righteousness, there be no happiness. And if there be no righteousness, nor happiness, there be no punishment nor misery. And if these

things are not, there is no God; and if there is no God, we are not,

neither the earth; for there could have been no creation of things,

neither to act nor to be acted upon: wherefore, all things must

have vanished away."f

But as things have not vanished away, as there are real existences, the whole series of things for which he contends are verities. "For there is a God,"he declares, "and he hath created all

things, both the heavens and the earth, and all things that in them is; both things to act and things to be acted upon."

After arriving at this conclusion, Lehi, proceeding from the general to the particular, deals with the introduction of this universal antinomy into our world as follows:

To bring about his [God's] eternal purposes in the end of man, after he had created our first parents, * * * * it must needs be that there was an opposition; even the forbidden fruit in opposition to

the tree of life; the one being sweet and the other bitter; wherefore the

Lord God gave unto man that he should act for himself. Wherefore

man could not act for himself, save it should be that he was enticed by

* II Nephi 2: 11.

f II Nephi 2: 13.

% Ibid 2: 14.

ORIGINALITY OF THE BOOK OF MORMON. 813

the one or the other.* And I, Lehi, according to the things which I

have read, must needs suppose, that an angel of God, according to that which is written, had fallen from heaven; wherefore he became a devil,

having sought that which was evil before God. And because he had fallen from heaven, and had become miserable for ever, he said unto Eve,

yea, even that old serpent, who is the devil, who is the father of all lies; wherefore he said, Partake of the forbidden fruit, and ye shall

not die, but ye shall be as God, knowing good and evil. And after

Adam and Eve had partaken of the forbidden fruit, they were driven out of the garden of Eden, to till the earth. And they have brought

forth children; yea even the family of all the earth.

Then follows Lehi's treatise upon the reason of the fall, and the purpose of man's existence.

THE AGENCY OF MAN—THE ATONEMENT.

Closely allied with the existence of evil is the doctrine of man's agency,and his relationship to good and evil, under the plan of salvation.

Respecting the agency of man, the Book of Mormon is quite pronounced as to the fact of it.. "The Lord God gave unto man

* On such a proposition Dr. Jacob Cooper, of Rutgers College at

the head of an article on "Theodicy,"(the justification of the divine providence by the attempt to reconcile the existence of evil with the goodness and sovereignty of God), says (August, 1903), "There must be an alternative to any line of conduct, in order to give it a moral quality. We have to deal with, not an imaginary, but a real world; not

with a state of things wholly different from those by which character is developed. If there are to be such qualities as righteousness, virtue,

merit, as the result of good action, there must be a condition by which these things are possible. And this can only be where there is an alternative which may be embraced by a free choice. If the work of man

on earth is to build up character, if his experience is disciplinary, by which he constantly becomes better fitted for greater good and a wider sphere of action, then he must have the responsibility of choosing for himself a course different from one which appeals to the lower qualities in his nature."

t II Nephi 2: 1520.

814 IMPRO VEMENT ERA.

that he should act for himself,"is the declaration of Lehi in one of the passages under consideration a moment since; and again,

"Men are free according to the flesh; and all things are given

them which are expedient unto man. And they are free to choose

liberty and eternal life, through the great mediation of all men, or to choose captivity and death, according to the captivity and power of the devil; for he seeketh that all men might be miserable

like unto himself."*

Another Nephite prophet is represented as saying:

I know that lie granteth unto men according to their desire, whether it be unto death or unto life; yea, I know that he allotteth unto men according to their wills; whether they be unto salvation or unto destruction.

The doctrine of the free agency of man could scarcely be more strongly set forth than it is in these passages.

The atonement, its effects and operation, is dealt with at length in II Nephi 2, and in Alma 41 and 42. According to the

doctrine there set down, the effect of Adam's transgression was to destroy the harmony of the world. Man, as a consequence of

his fall, was banished from the presence of God, and made subject also to a temporal death—the separation of the spirit and body

which conditions would have remained eternally fixed, the nature of inexorable law—"called the justice of of God"—admitting

nothing less. But this was justice untempered by mercy: "And

thus we see that all mankind were fallen, and they were in the grasp of justice; yea, the justice of God, which consigned them

forever to be cut off from his presence."! But mercy must in

some way be made to reach man, and that without destroying justice \% "And now the plan of mercy could not be brought about except an atonement should be made: therefore God himself atoneth for the sins of the world, to bring about the plan of mercy, to

* II Nephi 2: 27.

t Alma 42: 14.

$ Alma 42: 13, "Now the work of justice could not be destroyed; if

so, God would cease to be God."

ORIGINALITY OF THE BOOK OF MORMON. 815

appease the demands of justice, that God might be a perfect, just

God, and a merciful God also."*

The atonement brings to pass "the resurrection of the dead;

and the resurrection of the dead bringeth back men into the presence of God."t In other words, the atonement redeems men from

the effects of Adam's moral transgression; and also brings the

element of mercyj into God's moral economy respecting man's earthlife. That is to say, the atonement frees man from the consequences of Adam's transgression: leaves him free to choose good

or of which are in the world—as he shall elect; but he evil—both

is responsible for the consequences of that individual choice, which is only another way of saying that man is responsible for his own sins. Still, under the operation of mercy, which has been

brought into this world's moral economy through the atonement of Christ, man may obtain forgiveness of sin through repentance;

for mercy claimeth the penitent."|| "A law is given, and a punishment affixed, but a repentance [is] granted; which repentance

mercy claimeth; otherwise justice claimeth the creature and executeth the law, and the law inflicteth the punishment."**

* Alma 42: 15.

f Alma 42: 23.

t Mfrcy claimeth the penitent, and mercy cometh because of the atonement. (Ibid.)

"And because they (men) are redeemed from the fall, they have become free forever, knowing good from evil; to act for themselves, and

not to be acted upon, save it be by the punishment of the law at the great and last day."(II Nephi 2: 26.)

]| Alma 42: 23.

** Ibid 22.

(CONCLUDED IN OCTOBER NUMBER.)

HYMN.

(For the Improvement Era.)

Come let us all, in what we do,

Perfection's standard hold in view!

In all things humble be and meek,

Eternal blessings ever seek!

So act in life that constantly

Through Christ we're blessed eternally

With zeal perform God's holy will,

Achievement's mission to fulfill!

As children, to our Father cling,

Who is the great Creator, King;

Who rules, with Son and Holy Ghost,

Surrounded by the heavenly host.

Let us on earth his laws obey,

In what we do, and act and say 0, let us live a holy life, Indulging not in sin and strife!

Let us not love ourselves alone,

But fellowmen in ev'ry zone;

But first and foremost, love the Lord,

And live according to His word.

Should we his wise commandments heed

In life, we surely shall succeed;

For as we strive to wisely live,

So shall the Lord his blessings give.

CHORUS.

Come, let us worship God above,

And to all men extend our love;

With earnestness in what we do,

Perfection's standard hold in view!

Niels F. Green.

Ogden, Utah.

A MOTHER'S LETTERS TO HER MISSIONARY

SON.

EDITED BY SUSA YOUNG GATES.

VII.—WOMEN IN THE BRANCH.

is nearly three months since I wrote My Dear Son Daniel:—It

your last letter. I have been quite ill for some time, as you know,

and I am only just beginning to feel like myself again. How many

letters I have written you in my mind, in the long weeks which have passed. I have kept all your dear letters under my pillow, and

worn them threadbare with much handling. I can never tell you

the happiness I find in reading your quotations from the scriptures, and in noting the little preachments which my dear boy Daniel gives to his younger brothers, and even to his older yet more frolicsome sisters; this all is a dear delight to your mother's

heart.

I can see that you are gradually absorbing the very spirit of your mission, and when you tell me that you are out late and early tracting and holding cottage meetings, I am transported with joy over your work. If you never have the pleasure of converting one

soul, you will still have labored with sufficient zeal to get the foundations of your own future salvation.

In and through all of your letters, however, I can read the genuine sorrow which you feel because your former sweetheart

Mattie has chosen to provide herself with another lover. You

know how highly I have valued Mattie, as a girl. She is pretty,

she is bright, and superior in every way, but I have learned, through her jesting remarks to one of your sisters, some things which greatly surprise me. That a young girl should permit some

818 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

innocent familiarity to the young man whom she is expecting to marry, shortly, is not in my eyes a cause for great censure; but

when a girl permits young men whom she never expects to marry to caress her, and to put their arms about her, there is something radically wrong in the girl herself, or in the training which she has had. I can talk to you quite plainly, on this subject, for men,

from the days of Adam to the present day, have always been quite aware of what familiarity between the sexes means to them, and what it leads to. Girls, like their Mother Eve, are always deceived,

is,and always found, as the Bible pats it,—in transgression; that

they are deceived as to the real meaning of their action and emotions, they commit sin with their eyes shut, as a rule; unless

a girl is taught wisely by her mother, or unwisely through wicked theatres, wicked novels, and wicked associates, she is in a state of ignorance, therefore innocence. When a girl has not properly

been taught, I say, she goes blindly forward into familiarity with the opposite sex; drifting farther and farther until, perhaps, her

own ruin is accomplished. A young man knows quite well what a

kiss from a girl means to him. But I charge you to believe that

the majority of girls are utterly ignorant of that natural and, to a man, apparent fact. I do not want you to think that Mattie's

confessed freedom with boys marks her as either silly or vicious.

It is foolishness, true, but it is not as it would be in your case, or in the case of any well taught young man. It is a sinful thing

for you, a foolish thing for her; so much for that.

And now, let me speak of another side of this question, there is certainly a belongingness between men and women in this life and the life to come. President John Taylor, in the days of the

Prophet, taught this principle, and the prophets and apostles, since then, have accepted and taught this doctrine. The Prophet Joseph

Smith saw in a vision the women who were to be his wives. And

President Taylor tells us in his Letter to a Lady, that we made our covenants with each other as to marriage and parentage before we came to this earth. That being true, you are under an eternal

covenant to become the husband of the young woman who will be your true mate, and, surely, you do not want any other, no matter how lovely or desirable she may be. There are some women, as

there are men, who possess great magnetism, a quality which par-

A MOTHER'S LETTERS TO HER MISSIONARY SON. 819

takes of both physical and spiritual traits; such people are magnets, and draw to themselves the admiration and, perhaps, esteem

of those with whom they come in contact. If such persons use

that magnetic attraction willfully and maliciously, they become a danger and a menace to society. But it is obvious that they could

not marry all the people who are thus attracted to them. You

want the girl that belongs to you, and no other.

This matter of sex attraction is natural and innocent, and as necessary as any appetite of the human being. You eat that the

component parts of your body may be consistently renewed with material to keep your organism and life in good condition. You

drink for the same purpose; sleep is required to carry on the process of repairing the waste tissues of the body. If you did not

have a strong appetite and an insatiable desire for food, you would not bother to eat; who, as a man, would take the trouble to procure

food, and what women of the household would take the pains to prepare food, if all did not get ravenously hungry? If you did not

get sleepy, would you. ever go to bed?

In just the same way, mortal men and women have been provided with tastes and appetites to meet, mingle and marry, and then reproduce the species. God has made the two strongest impulses or laws in the human soul to be selfpreservation and the

reproduction of life; therefore, you have a natural hunger for food,

a craving for sleep, and likewise a desire to mingle and associate with the opposite sex. But you must not gormandize your food,

or you will disease your body, and finally destroy it. You must

eat lawful things at lawful times, and in lawful quantities; so, too,

you must meet your girl friends at lawful places, under lawful conditions, and must guard your actions so as to keep time to the laws of your own being.

I have said all this that I might prepare the way for speaking to you, in relation to your behavior towards the women in your branch. It is perfectly natural that your attention should be attracted to the good young women who are converts, in the town

wherein you labor, and in fact that you should naturally be attracted to all women whether good or bad. I think I detect an

especial danger to you from two sources; first, there would be a

little proud recklessness begotten through Mattie's treatment of 820 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

you; and, second, you are away from all the sympathy of your

mother and sisters, and the innocent home opportunities for mingling with the opposite sex. You find yourself surrounded by women, both young and old, who look upon an elder from Zion as a

secondary angel. Your endeavor to carry yourself as a gentleman, your natural intelligence, heightened as it is by the spirit of

the gospel, and your humility in meeting even the poorest and lowest on an equal plane, give you and all Utah elders an attractiveness which is not at all to be wondered at. The young women,

both in EDgland and other parts of Europe, are immediately fascinated, as it were, with the clean, strong, intelligent young elders from America. And oh, I want you to remember that all these

great advantages may prove the deadliest snares to your own feet, and to the innocent feet of the young girls around you. My son,

my son! Come not home tainted with the breath of dishonor. Do

is death;not disgrace yourself, or those you love at home. What

what is disease; what is poverty, toil, or struggle? These are

blessings indeed, although we sometimes call them trials, but oh, when the'soul is darkened or weakened through the least taint of sexual sin, then, indeed, your parents shall mourn, and loved ones weep. Oh, Daniel, my boy! shun this terrible temptation more

than you would the plague of leprosy.

And now, let me put away from me the vision of such a calamity and talk with you practically, on this matter, as has been your mother's custom.

What can you do to avert this temptation? Will prayers save

you altogether? They will not. For I have seen girls and boys, in

this Church, go down to destruction while yet praying, daily, to be delivered from sin. You may say such prayers were not from the

heart, but they were heartfelt cries from a tortured soul. Will

keeping the word of wisdom save you from this sin? No, indeed.

Although it does much to help, both because of the absence of stimulants in your body, and because of the power of selfcontrol which is given through keeping that law. Will keeping the law

of tithing prevent you from falling in this sin? No, indeed. More

than one man who pays tithing has fallen into this sin. Will keeping the Sabbath day holy, or being obedient to authority, or any

one principle in the Church, save you from this sin? I think not.

A MOTHER'S LETTERS TO HER MISSIONARY SON. 821

No one principle is, and, perhaps, no two principles are, a complete safeguard against this temptation. It is a most insidious,

subtle, and deadly temptation, which assails the human soul, and steals through the glance of the eye, the clasp of the hand, the flatter of a skirt, the written words upon a page, and through every sense of the human body. Music, art, poetry, all can be

made deadly assailants of the soul's purity. Remember the admonition of President Brigham Young, "Never try to fight the devil on

his own ground."Keep on your own. It will be hard enough to

resist hiro when he seeks you. Don't hunt him up. Keep away

from girls in the branch, who seem inclined to be fond of you, no matter what they may say, and no matter what your own kindli.

ness of heart may prompt you to do; sternly avoid all association

wish susceptible women, in your branch. Be civil, be courteous

always, but never permit yourself to even walk a block with such women. No man ever converted a woman to the gospel of Christ

through first "sparking"her. Remember that the personal attraction you feel, and that which they feel, is primarily only a

physical hunger for a physical gratification. They are not in love

with you, and you are not with them, but a far greater complication will arise, and, perhaps, sin follow, if you are not very careful. Listen to the teachings which will be poured into your ears

by the President of the mission, and his coworkers. These men

have had experience, and they see your danger, far more clearly than you do. Do not think you are alone in your possible temptations, for all Europe, and the whole world, is filled with men who

are struggling against the very temptation which assails you.

I shall not have to warn you about exercising charity for the man or woman in your branch who may have fallen a victim to this sin. You are too virtuous yourself to have any narrow conception

of virtue in others, and let me add this one thought, in connection with this subject: it is the nature of this sin to produce a recklessness in the man who commits it, and an apathy and darkness

of spiritual vision soon follow. The spirit of repentance may take

hold of a man, but, alas, repentance in all such cases is too rare but with repentance is a natural feeling of discouragement which accompanies the first gleam of hope and selfcontrol. Bitter fears,

doubts and reproaches, mingle constantly with the faith which 822 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

prompts a sinning soul to trust in God and to rise above sin. Dear

son, be ready at once with encouragement, if you meet such a soul, and help him to get the pure heavenborn confidence which inspires still to hope, still to trust, and still to labor on. A lifted

brow, a scornful glance, has sent more than one soul, who has found for a time a footing on God's sweet earth, whirling back into hell.

Never confuse encouragement for the sinner with tolerance for the sin. Rebuke sin, hate it, shun it, but love the sinner, encourage him in all things, and teach him to look upon sin as you

and God would view it.

If keeping no one law will prevent you from falling into this sin, what will do so? Keeping them all! Each law brings its own

reward, and all of them produces a purity and a virtue of character which makes surely for Godliness. Go to God with these difficulties, talk to him as you would to your own father, aye, and to your

own mother. Tell him in your prayers every thing that you would

scarcely tell yourself. Do not think because he knows it all that

you can neglect telling your side of the case to him; the request

which you actually make, the explanation which you actually give, will bring an actual answer. There is a power in an explained,

worded prayer, which never comes through mere wishing or desiring a thing. Talk it out fully, and frankly, with your Father in

heaven. This was the advice given by President Brigham Young

to his son, Brigham, when he went on his first mission.

And now, I am very tired, and must close by telling you that with love, I am Your Mother.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

GOOD ADVICE.

Have a good time, but never let fun degenerate into license.

Have a kind word and a cheery, encouraging smile for everyone.

Learn to control yourself under the most trying circumstances.

Be respectful to women, and chivalrous in your attitude toward them.

Meet trouble like a man, and cheerfully endure what you can't cure. Selected.

AN INCIDENT OF EVERYDAY LIFE.

BY EDWARD H. ANDERSON.

Another death at the hospital! The nurse said it was James

L. Peck. * He came from somewhere out near Mill Creek, but no

one seemed to know much about him. He was not old, and though

he had been sick for months, and in the hospital for some weeks, he was one of the patients that did not himself expect to pass away.

For want of better connections, an undertaker was 'phoned for, and, with an eye to business, he communicated with the

United States Surveyor General, in whose service, it was learned,

Peck had been engaged for over nine years, until he was taken so sick, in October, 1904, that he had been compelled to ask for a leave of absence. This was granted, without pay, and extended,

two or three times, by the Commissioner of the General land office. The last extension was to expire July 31, 1905.

"No; The government does not provide for the burial of its

employees, in case of death,"said the officer to the undertaker. "We have helped individually in some cases, but it will not

* James L. Peck, civil engineer and draughtsman, born in Pennsylvania, March 25, 1850, died after a lingering sickness, at the Latterday

Saints Hospital, Salt Lake City, June ly, 1905. He entered the Government civil service, and was engaged October 14, 1895, in the office

of the United States Surveyor General for Utah, then under General

George W. Snow. He remained in the service under Generals Blair and

Anderson, until his death. Prom his savings he had purchased a little

home and farm near Mill Creek, Salt Lake county, which his family now own. 824 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

be neces3ary in this case, for he had property enough for that."On several occasions, when friends from the office had visited him, Peck had expressed the hope that on the expiration of his leave he would be back at his desk again. He was an engineer

of splendid ability. Until his sickness began to wear on him, none

were brighter. When the plats bore his initials, there was no

need for the chief to worry further about the calculations,—the

areas were perfect, if J. L. P. was marked thereon.

"Peck is dead.""Peck is dead,"flew from 'phone to 'phone,

on the night of July 19, 1905. First to the chief clerk, then to

all the clerks who could be reached. "He died at the hospital,

this afternoon, and will be buried tomorrow afternoon at 2 o'clock.

Poor Peck, he is better off!"

Promptly at two, at the funeral chapel, a little company had gathered to pay their last respects. Ten of the nineteen present

were from the office. The wife and three children were present.

The bishop had been asked to conduct the service, but there were no singers, and in fifteen minutes it was all over; for little was

known of him who lay dead, and there was not much to say. His

work, his toil, his devotion to duty, were mostly hidden in the government townstip plats.

Six of his fellow clerks carried the casket to the hearse.

Several little hand boquets of flowers, and a wreath of white carnations, inscribed, "From friends in the office,"lay upon it; then

the hearse and the family carriage set off to the cemetery at a rapid gait. People looked up from the busy street and said:

"Somebody dead!"and passed on about their tasks unmoved.

The cemetery lies upon the hillsides, northeast of the city, overlooking the whole green valley. There are lovely lawns and

flowerbeds, at the entrance. There are green lots, marble headstones, costly monuments, trees and foliage, but this procession

bore up, and up, until the scorched mountain areas lay all about still up the barren hills. There are only singlegrave lots here;

long rows of wooden headboards stretch up in tiers, separated only by narrow, sunburned spaces where the Junegrass lies scorched of the sup, and the gray sage tells its tale of thirst.

A T INCIDENT OF EVERYDAY LIFE. 825

At length, at the extreme end of one of these tiers, the panting horses halt. The open grave is ready. The casket is taken

by four office friends from the hearse. The flowers are laid aside,

revealing the word "Father,"in shining letters, on the casket lid.

Then the four friends let down the sealed wooden box into parched mother earth, amid the children's and the widow's sobs and tears.

A friend is asked to pray: "We dedicate, God, this grave,

as the resting place of our friend and fellow workman. May his

body rest in peace; may this place be sacred to his name and

memory; may he arise with the just on the resurrection day, in

Jesus'name. Amen."

While the workmen, in seeming lack of both sentiment and feeling, shovel the earth into the open grave, I turn to read the names on the line of wooden headboards.

Here is one on whose spot of earth the flowers are scarcely faded, whose grave is trodden upon by the friends who show respect to his nearest neighbor! Whose name? Joseph H. Ward!*

* Joseph Harvey Ward, missionary, teacher, poet, printer; son of

George and Huldah Hicks Ward, born near London, Ontario, Canada,

August 16, 1842; died in Salt Lake City, Utah, July 15, 1905. He

joined the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints in May or June, 1873, and came to Utah in 1876. In 1880-1 he performed a mission to

Ontario, Michigan and Ohio. He baptized nine persons, among them

his mother. In 1888, he left for a mission to Europe, traveling in

Great Britain, Germany and Switzerland. It was here he learned the

German language. He wrote frequently for the Deseret News and on

his return published The Hand of Providence, Gospel Philosophy, and

Ballads of Life, writing also for the Juvenile Instructor. Since 1897,

he has frequently contributed short articles for the Improvement Era.

He founded, and for sixteen vears edited and published, the only German paper in Utah, The Salt Lake City Beobachter, a weekly German organ for the American Rocky Mountain region, under the motto "Prove all things; hold fast that which is good."He struggled hard to maintain

his publication, did much good with it, but was poorly repaid. When

allhe died, the simply equipped plant—the cases, type, and forms—was

he owned. He was a man of blunt speech, possessed a bright intellect,

was somewhat erratic in action and judgment, but had a keen appreciation of the poetic, and was true as steel to the faith.

826 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

editor, publisher, author, poet, only five days dead! And so he

lies here!

Only Sunday last, and perhaps ten thousand children sang the words of his songs; and the organs of a hundred Sabbath

Schools will peal forth, next Sunday, in memory of the pioneers, his "Utah, the Queen of the West."And he lies here!

So quickly are we ready to return? But before the door of

the carriage closed, standing with these thoughts in my mind, I grasped a clear and full glimpse of the scene about me. The salt

sea, shining in the hot sun of the west; the cool canyons of the

Wasatch; the gray, barren, rough pinnacles of the nrajestic Cottonwoods; the Jordan, winding its sluggish way to the lake; the

city, a thousand feet below, hidden in the shade of its ten thousand trees, with its people's pleasures, struggles, ambititions, and schemes! After all, what could be more appropriate and beautiful

than a final heritage here, overlooking these scenes?

And here, and so, rest my friends, the engineer and the poet!

As in life they modestly towered over many, so in death they sleep above us all. Strangers in life; in death, neighbors, their narrow

homes side by side!

One of the clerks turned and said: "Of what use is effort and

struggle for knowledge and ability, with such an end?

And well may one ask: "Shall the house of talent, the temple

of keen and educated intellect and great ability, so end, and rest unrecognized, neglected and forgotten?"

But it is only seeming neglect and forgetfulness. I have

hope of everlasting life. The personal earthstruggle which

ripens the soul with rich experience is recompense even for such an end: for grass, and trees, and lawns, and flowers, and costly monuments, and stately pomp, and weeping multitudes, in their turn,

shall pass away; but the rich scholarship of the soul lives on with

it forever.

The carriage rolled quickly down the slopes, and we were soon lost in the city's crowds, rush and routine.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

BY GRACE ARE YE SAVED.

BY FRED J. PACK, B. S. (m. E.), A. M.

One of the chief tenets of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints is that good works are essential to salvation. While

this doctrine may not be diametrically opposed to the orthodox idea of "saving by grace,"it is sufficiently so that, whenever it is taught, it invariably brings forth a great deal of opposition. The

doctrine of justification by faith alone would permit the vilest sinner to enter the Kingdom of God upon one condition,—that he

simply believe that Jesus is the Christ. This is evidenced nearly

every day in the confession of convicted criminals. We do not believe, however, that there is no salvation for such, but we do claim

that it is impossible for them to go direct to the Kingdom of God without first demonstrating that they are willing to keep the commandments of God. If faith alone were sufficient, Satan himself

would be among those who are to be rewarded with salvation. For

it is said that "the devils also believe, and tremble"(Jas. 2: 19).

The Savior taught that works are essential to salvation. He

said, "Not every one that saith unto me, Lord, Lord, shall enter the kingdom of heaven; but he that doeth the will of my Father

which is in heaven"(Matt. 7: 21). "If ye love me, keep my commandments. * * * * He that hath my commandments, and keepeth them, he it is that loveth me; and he that

loveth me shall be loved of my Father, and I will love him, and will manifest myself to him"(John 14: 15, 21). In speaking of the

justice of God's judgment, Paul says that he is a being "Who will render to every man according to his deeds: To them who by

patient continuance in well doing seek for glory and honor and immortality, eternal life"(Rom. 2: 6, 7). John's words are particu828 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

larly explicit upon this subject: "And hereby we do know that we

know him, if we keep his commandments. He that saith, I know

him, and keepeth not his commandments, is a liar, and the truth is not in him. But whoso keepeth his words, in him is the love of

God perfected: hereby know we that we are in him. He that saith

that he abideth in him ought himself also to walk, even as he walked"(John 2: 3 6). The instructions of James are likewise

easy to understand:—"What doth it profit, my brethren, though a

man saith he hath faith, and have not works? can faith save him?

If a brother or sister be naked, and destitute of daily food, and one of you say unto them, depart in peace, be ye warmed and filled:

notwithstanding ye give them not those things which are needful to the body; what doth it profit? Even so faith, if it hath not

works, is dead, being alone. Yea, a man may say, Thou hast faith

and I have works: show me thy faith without thy works, and I

will show thee my faith by my works. Thou believes t that there

is one God; thou doest well: the devils also believe and tremble.

But wilt thou know, vain man, that faith without works is dead?

* * * * Ye see then how that by works a man is justified, and not by faith alone"(James 2: 1420, 24). Many

other passages could be added to the ones already cited, but these are so explicit that no unbiased person will call for others to prove the necessity of good works.

But now directly to the subject at hand. If so many of the

people of the world believe in the sufficiency of faith alone, how do they support their position? They very often quote the following from Paul, "For by grace are ye saved through faith: and that

not of yourselves: it is the gift of God: not of works, lest any man

should boast"(Eph. 2: 8, 9). This passage has proved a stumbling block to some. A hasty consideration of it may give one the

impression that there is a disagreement between it and some others already quoted. For instance, James says, "Ye see then how that

by works a man is justified, and not by faith alone,"while Paul says, "Not by works, lest any man should boast."

In order to get an explanation for this apparent contradiction, let us approach the matter from another direction. Suppose that

we ask ourselves the question, Have we anv inherent power to save ourselves, no matter how pure our lives may be? This will doubtBY GRACE ARE YE SAVED. 829

less be answered in the negative. If, then, we cannot save ourselves by good works, will the doctrine of the necessity of works

hold? On the other hand, who is it that rewards individuals with

salvation? TV this we all answer that God alone can save. Now,

then, is it not a correct opinion to hold that it is through the grace of God that we are to be saved, and that we cannot save ourselves? There appears to be but one answer: yes. How, then,

about the doctrine of works? A simple illustration will make the

matter clear:

Nearly all of the large universities have the custom of awarding scholarships and fellowships to a limited number of students each year. These are sought for very earnestly, because, in addition to their possession being a great honor, they carry with them

sufficient money to aid the student materially in his work. It is

well understood at all these institutions that the award of such an honor is absolutely a free gift. No student has any claim whatever for one of them, and, further, no matter how hard the student may work to obtain one of these prizes, they still remain a

free gift from the institution.

But who are the students who receive these honors? Are

they the ones who sit idly by, and simply believe that in the due course of time that they themselves will receive such, or are they the ones who apply diligently, and thus prove to those in charge that they are worthy, and that the honor will not be misplaced when given to them? Yes; the universities are so careful, in regard to this matter, that they have councils who select from all

the applicants the ones who are particularly prepared for the enjoyment and appreciation of the honor. The bright hardworking

student who labors from early morning until late at night is always recognized; the idler, never. The faith of the latter may be

just as strong as that of the former, but a special preparation, based on toil and determination, is a prerequisite for the reception of this great blessing. And now let us ask the question, Does the

honor come as a free gift? It certainly does. Are good works

essential to the reception of such? Without question. If there is

doubt in the mind of any one as to the correctness of this answer, let him go to one of these institutions and seek such a fellowship his grief and disappointment will soon convince him.

830 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Now back to the subject of salvation in the Kingdom of God.

Eternal glory will surely come about through the grace and love of free gift; but, like the awarding council at the univerGod,—a

sity, God will never place a premium upon idleness. His rewards

will go to those who keep his commandments. Therefore, the Latter-day Saints teach that it is absolutely imperative for all who

expect to enter the glory of God to keep his commandments, and thus prepare themselves for the reception of eternal life in the

Kingdom of Heaven. "Ye see, then, how that by works a man is

justified, and not by faith alone."In the awarding of the university fellowships, the council obtains all available information concerning the preparation of the applicants, and awards the prizes

accordingly. At the final judgment, God will have a complete

record of our entire lives, and from that record we are to be judged and rewarded. Describing that eventful time, John says,

"And I saw the dead, small and great, stand before God; and the

books were opened: and another book was opened, which is the

book of life: and the dead were judged out'of those things that

were written in the books, according to their works."(Rev. 20: 12).

Woods Cross, Utah.

GOOD FOR BOYS.

Believe in the brotherhood of man, and recognize no class distinctions.

Do not be selfopinionated, but listen with deference to the opinions of others.

Never utter witticisms at the risk of giving pain or hurting someone's feelings.

Be ambitious and energetic, but never benefit yourself at the expense of another.

Be as courteous and agreeable to your inferiors as you are to your equals and superiors.

Do not bore people by telling them long, tedious stories, or by continually dilating on your own affairs. Selected.

THE LOYAL ROAD.

BY LOU LEWIS.

I.

"Where's Janey?"

It was the first time Bert had not been greeted by that merry

little girl.

Mrs. Denning looked up from her quiltpatching, and answered the boy who had just entered.

"She's gone to Brother Redding's to help with their housework. She's going to work with them until school starts. It will

help us to buy her winter clothes.

"Will she stay there nights?"

Bert remained at the door resting on his umbrella.

"No, she'll come home nights."

"Is she coming tonight?"

"Yes.""She can't come alone a dark, rainy night like this. I'll go

get her. Where are her overshoes?"

Mrs. Denning went to a small clothes closet and rumaged

among a lot of old shoes, at length presenting a pair of overshoes large enough for a girl of thirteen.

"Your father has been quite ill today,"said she, as Bert placed a shoe in each pocket.

"His old trouble?"asked Bert.

"Yes; but the rheumatism seems centered near his heart and

causes him dreadful pain at times."

Bert stepped out into the night and spatted along the sidewalk till he reached a massive stone building that belonged to

Lawyer Redding.

832 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

"If it were anybody else except Lawyer Redding's, I wouldn't let her,"thought Bert, as if he were sole dictator of his sister's pursuits and occupations. Then he knocked gently at the

door. "Hello, Bert! Come in."Carl Redding stood in the hallway.

Carl was a bit younger than Bert, and had sat next to him at school. "I just come for Janey,"Bert replied, "father is ill, so I must hurry back."

Carl held the lamp, and watched Janey's brother slip the overshoes onto Janey's small feet, take from his pocket a silk handkerchief and tie it around her neck, with all the care of a lover, and finally take off his own coat and button it over her shoulders. "You'll be back in the morning?"asked Carl, before closing

the door. "Yes,"Janey answered, "good night."

"There's something in that little chap,"remarked Mr. Redding

when Carl returned to the sitting room, "his sister tells me he has earned almost enough this summer to put him through his first year at the University."

"He's a hummer to work,"said Carl, and then continued his reading. "Father,"said he at length, his eyes brightening with sudden ambition, "may I go to Cornell, when I finish my course at the

University?"

His father looked pleased.

"You may have all the education you wish,"answered the lawyer, "only whatever you do or become, be loyal to your people, your religion, and your God. For I tell you when a young man

scorns the holy faith of his parents, he is apt to lose that feeling of veneration for virtue, truth and duty; and without the support

that comes from a feeling of responsibility of noble action, there is no telling where he will end."

"I don't think I shall ever lose that feeling, father,"was

Carl's only reply.

THE LOYAL ROAD. 833

And during his entire course at the University, he seemed not to lack that spirit of respect, and reverence and faith, that was even more noticeable in his favorite companion, Bert Denning.

It was hard to tell which had the stronger mind; they seemed

equal in most things; yet some thought that had Bert not been

burdened with a morning route as carrier of the newspaper, his work at the University would have excelled that of Carl

Redding.

Once, after a sleetbedraggled morning, Bert was laid up for a day or two, and his little sister pleaded with him to give up his route and let her work until he finished his school.

"No!"exclaimed fevereyed Bert, sitting up in his bed, "you're

pretty, and smart, and talented, and I'm going to see that you become a cultured lady, good enough for the president of the United

States. It's in you, little sister, and this route's not going to

hurt me.""No siree!"he continued to himself, after she had gone to

school, neither mother nor sister of mine is going to drudge their sweet lives away so long as I can work, neither am I going to get my education at the expense of an invalid father."

Then he lay back on his pillow and dozed, with castles—his

like a panorama before him.own creations—floating

"A little home with a lawn and flowers, and two thousand dollars a year to run it. That must be for father and mother and

Janey,"he thought. "A little ranch, with an orchard, bees, hay

and some cattle. That must be as a sort of background to keep

up a steady income. And then my own special work—some industry, the Church!"perhaps—and

Even now the music of the great organ trembled in his very veins, the sacred anthems rang sweetly in his ears, the comrades of his childhood arose before him as inspired men and lovely women. His Utah beamed like a star celestial. Rivulets were

laughing with babbling mirth as they frolicked through velvety grasses and golden fields; and the sweet, low breeze from the

mountains majestic, whispered of undiscovered treasures, and mysterious caves like palaces of emerald, saphire and gold.

The entrance of his father roused him again. His father was

very pale. 834 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

"Why, father, what is the matter?"inquired Bert.

"Another of my attacks."And Mr. Denning looked unspeakably discouraged.

That afternoon Bert dressed himself, in spite of the earnest request of hi? mother to be quiet, and helped her heat flannels for

his father, and the patient stars of midnight found the three watching and working anxiously. Though morning came clear and

beautiful, they saw no loveliness in the outward world, and within, the dull fire in the stove, neglected, died out. And Bert sat on the

little cot with one arm around his widowed mother, the other supporting his weeping sister.

II.

October's skillful touch had tinted all the leaves with crimson, gold and brown; and now the jealous winds were scattering

them here and there, as their fancy chose.

Beyond the crimson of the trees lay a house of rich brown, half hidden among the vines, and there, with her beautiful skytinted eyes, eager with anticipation, stood a form Praxiteles might well have worshiped.

As Bert opened the gate, she, Janey Denning, ran down the walk to meet him.

"0, Bert, I've so much to tell you,"she exclaimed.

"You don't need to tell me, Janey, I can guess it,"replied her affectionate brother, taking the round face in his hands and looking into her drooping eyes.

"It's all right,"he said, "Professor Welton will make you happy. But let's not think about it now, it makes me too lonesome. See what I have here."

They went to the hammock and read it. It was a letter from

Carl Redding, something like this:

it stimulating to find one's self in a fresh environDear Bert:—Isn't

ment bristling with suggestions for work, and powerful in its appeal for masterful achievement?

Yes, I have had the good fortune to be chosen as assistant professor of psychology in Harvard, and shall soon be able to pay you the sum I owe you. I shall never forget the kind assistance you gave me at the time

THE LOYAL ROAD. 835

of my father's financial shortage. Long may you live, and may your

benevolent deeds bring the rewards they truly merit.

Your friend for aye, Carl Redding.

"He has left me far behind him in an educational way. But,

never mind, Janey, I vowed that you and mother should be made happy and comfortable, and I guess that is about as good as having the education myself, and I'm not so full of ignorance that I cannot be saved, quite, am I, Janey?"

Janey laughed. "You ignorant, Bert? The idea! I believe

we learn a great many things and call it knowledge when it is not. The main thing, after all, is a pure, virtuous, exalted life,

devoted to deeds of righteousness in the service of God, all the faculties quickened, and all the emotions alive with the noblest aspirations; and then, I think the soul is better prepared to grasp

knowledge and truth with rapidity. One's main object should be

to keep the soul untarnished here, and to give it free action in the realm of right. You have done that. Since father's death, think

of what you have accomplished. You have built us a home, furnished it, kept me in school, climbed in the sugar industry until they

have made you manager. You have lifted the mortgage from the

homes of three widows, you have helped five missionaries by supplying the needs of their families, in their absence; you have

helped Carl and others through college. Besides, think of the

work you have done for our beautiful Zion. A lack of the knowledge of a mathematical truth, or a scientific proposition, will never

retard the progress of the soul which has been devoted to earnest

Godliness here on earth, but this devotion will place the soul in a condition to advance the more rapidly. The true aim of all educative work is to obtain mental grasp. I am sure you have cultivated that power to a marked degree, Berfc."

"How happy it makes me feel to hear you say it, Janey dear!"

III.

Miss Carrol, musician of rare repute, walked rapidly toward the massive stone building which belonged to Lawyer Redding.

Miss Carrol was never known to walk slowly. She carried with

836 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

her an enthusiasm and charm of manner that had won the admiration of emperors. Where duty called, she had never been known

to fail. No wonder, in a cause like the one she now had in mind,

she expected perfect success.

A maid admitted her into the well furnished parlor.

"It is Professor Carl Redding I wish to see,"Miss Carrol explained.

Carl appeared, handsomely dressed.

"Ah! Miss Carrol, I was in hopes I would meet you again this

summer. I haven't forgotten the very pleasant time we had in

New York last Christmas when you honored me with your company life."at the Parcifal. That was one of the few happy moments of my

I have come on busi- "We did have a lovely time. But now

ness, very important business. We are going to give a grand entertainment for the benefit of the Mutual, and you are invited to

give a lecture. We are also going to try to have some of Utah's

most talented singers."

"Are you on the program, Miss Carrol?"

"Yes; I am to give some selections on the pipe organ."

"Are they to pay you anything for your work?"

"0, no! We are to do it for the benefit of the Mutual Improvement Association."

"It seems to me,"Carl replied, "that it is asking too much of us. I could hardly spare the time myself. Besides, it seems to me

that after we, I mean you as well, have spent so much to obtain what is so priceless to us, the Church workers ought not to expect us to give it to them without some remuneration. Now my public lectures have netted me nearly a thousand dollars a night."

"Of course,"said Miss Carrol, "if you feel that way, I should not urge you to accept such an invitation. What shall I tell Mr.

Denning?""Tell him I am busily engaged writing a book. Or, if you are

going from here to Mr. Denning's, may I not accompany you, and

save you the trouble of making any explanation at all?"

"I should much prefer you would,"said Miss Carrol.

Bert put down his pen, as he heard the gate click, and slipped on his coat, after glancing out at the window.

THE LOYAL ROAD. 837

He and Redding met as brothers, though Bert felt a restraint that had not been there in his boyhood days.

Carl gradually led up to the proposition Miss Carrol had made, and expressed the same views he had expressed to Miss

Carrol.

Bert Denning sat watching him, in quiet observation, and, when he was done, began, in a calm, easy tone:

"Last summer,"he said, "I had reason to call on you. As I

entered your house, I heard you singing in your room, your whole soul throbbing with patriotism, as I could feel. All I could hear

was this:

"We honor thee, Cornell, We honor thee, Cornell, While the breezes blow And waters flow, We honor thee Cornell.

"And I wondered, then, if that same feeling of patriotism came over you when you thought of your people.

"At your graduation you told me that your class, by means of two grand balls, raised over five hundred dollars which you gave as an endowment to one of the science departments. You had already

paid well for all the knowledge you had gained. You were

willing to do this for the benefit of those coming after you.

"In a letter, not long ago, you wrote to me telling me it was the influence which the Church and its workers had had on you, in your youth, and the habits you had formed through such guidance, that had enabled you to appreciate your advantages, and to discern and grasp truth, both scientific and otherwise, more rapidly, and to achieve the things you have achieved. Are not the Church

and her workers deserving of some share of honor? If her sons

partake of the fruits of knowledge from every good source, that they might be prepared for diviner work, that her real, true beauties may find expression through minds prepared for stronger and more vivid light, are they not under obligations? Do you

think that you will lose by giving to chose whose advantages have been less than yours? Do you think that you will lose by striv838 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

ing to make the weaker members as strong in wisdom as you are?

While you were enriching yourself, the Church workers were devoting their time to the welfare of the people. Your time is no

better than theirs. Are you not under as much obligation to devote some of your time and talent to the Church as those who have

not as much knowledge and ability as you? Or, because you know

more, are you to contribute less in proportion?

"As you said in your letter, 'It is stimulating to find one's self in an environment bristling with suggestions for work, and powerful in its appeal for masterful achievement!'I have seen

those suggestions around me in all the coming enterprises of our state. I have felt that powerful appeal, and felt it most strongly,

as I looked into the faces of our young people, beaming with intelligence, full of undeveloped talent and genius, who look to us older ones for proper help, encouragement and guidance."

Carl rose from his chair.

"Enough!"he exclaimed. "You have won your case, Bert,

you should have been a lawyer; you have missed your calling. You

may count on me whenever you want assistance in the Mutual

Improvement work."

He had grasped Bert's hand, and Bert knew he had found a loyal friend.

"I shall begin that lecture, at once, before I lose the spirit,"said Carl. "You'll be at the reception tonight?"enquired Bert.

"I shall, provided I may have the honor of Miss Carrol's company."

"Many thanks,"replied Miss Carrol, the charming, "but Mr.

Denning has the prior claim."

Salt Lake City, Utah.

A DANGER SIGNAL.

When the old Mother Goose jingles fade from the mind

With the folklore of childhood, forgotten, behind;

When the highchair and cradle are both laid away

With the trinkets and toys of a bright yesterday;

When the Fauntleroy waistcoat is cast to one side

With the Fauntleroy stockings that age has denied;

When the trousers of manhood come down to the ends,

Then be wary and cautious in choosing your friends.

The embrace of a "friend"may be only a vise

That would squeeze from your pockets the coveted price,

The amount that a stranger might dig from a slot.

(The hand of true friendship can never be bought.)

The counterfeit dollar is made to deceive;

The fakir talks friendship to have you believe;

When you've money to burn, or to give, or to spend,

You'll be never alone, you'll be always a "friend."

Don't think that the world is your neighbor's back yard,

Where but babes toddle 'round, while the mother stands guard;

Where they play in the garden with babyhood's glee,

And sail their toyships in the mudpuddle sea;

The world has its garden, but, not like your own,

It is wisdom to leave its sweet flowers alone.

They are there to decoy the inquisitive eye;

Don't partake of their fragrance, but pass thenfall by.

The plot has its honeybees there, to be sure;

But taste not the honey,—'tis made to allure.

Delusion's sweet poison lurks under the hives;

The gardener sees, but he only connives.

340 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

If Conscience sounds warning, give ear to her plea,

With her argument, Virtue will always agree;

When Vice stands before you, close tightly both eyes,

Her modest "sheep's clothing"is but a disguise.

Loiter not down the path where the fruit dangles low,

Where Enticement gives each ruddy cluster its glow.

As the red light of Danger says, "Don't cross the line!"

Let each crimson apple be known by its sign.

As Beauty is only the depth of the skin,

The eye never sees what the heart holds within.

You may look on the fruit, until both eyes are sore;

But staring, entranced, is not tasting the core.

Temptation is pleased when you gaze with delight;

Each gaze brings you nearer to taking a bite.

Mere tasting constructs the foundation to Vice,

Once tasted, 'tis easy to taste the fruit twice.

The third or the fourth taste is easier still;

('Tis easy to slide, once you've started down hill.)

When you've eaten on, all unaware of your place,

Repentance's flashlight portrays your disgrace.

Don't think you can eat without paying a price,

Temptation has many a clever device.

When the past brings before you the demon Despair,

Remorse ambles in witli the whole bill of fare.

The bill, once presented you, has to be paid;

'Tis thus that the devil's own fortune is made.

No third party knows what the balance may be;

'Tis determined by Conscience, and not you nor me.

With its gardens and fountains, inviting and cool,

The world is a schoolhouse, and life is a school.

There's no written law charging fees or admission,

But ere you've been through, you'll have paid your tuition.

You'll find, above all, there are two things to learn:

"Don't honor the dust from the price of the urn;"

And, "If you would live a life free from all vice,

Should you once taste by accident, never taste twice. "

Walter Emmett.

Ogden, Utah.

DO IT NOW.-BUT HOW?

BY SUSA YOUNG GATES.

We sometimes see, over an office desk, the legend, "Do it now!"And instinctively we hurry up our talk or business with

the busv individual we have interrupted, and hasten away, somewhat dizzy and faint from our interview with the human buzzsaw we have just left.

Americans are rushing and tearing, and running and plunging all over their own land, and in every other country on the globe.

They take little time to eat or sleep, and as for such a thing as quiet contemplation, they know of it only.as a dreary adjunct to

various slow people in other nations.

Magazines are published to key up every individual who reads them into the highest pitch of the socalled strenuous life. To

succeed we must rush, pound and tear.

This might be all right, if it were not for two things: first,

such impetuosity wears rapidly on the human machine; and, second, there is no corresponding results from the overzealous energy put forth. The steadygoing European, and even the Oriental,

"gets there"just as efficaciously and promptly as does the scurrying American.

There is one phase of this broad and manysided subject that appeals directly to every woman, and that is, the necessity for concentration of energy. Nature works along the line of least

resistance. She also conserves her energy, so that when an occasional burst of force is required, there is plenty of reserve power

to draw upon.

The young man and woman of today, copying and even surpassing the bad examples of their parent3 and teachers, are living 842 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

up to the highest pressure possible for the body and mind to put forth. Such a course is necessarily dangerous, even suicidal.

I avoid And yet, cries out the youth, what can be done? How can

it?

The answer lies in a simple rule, observe nature, follow nature.

Not perverted nature, but wholesome, sweet, unhurrying nature.

Nature, who is never idle, never overcrowded, always quietly, methodically at work, even when she rests. For rest of one part

of nature is but a sign of increased activity in some other part.

To return for one restful moment to other nations, it is a delight to travel in Europe where the slow bus crawls along the crowded but not scurrying streets; so comfortably slow is it that

even a woman may get out or in without serious danger, as it trundles along. Europeans live with their thoughts, not with

their nerves.

It is not the purpose of this screed to decry activity, industry and progressiveness; it is rather to ask of nature how best

that activity and industry may be used.

First, then, let us lay down two propositions:

Every human soul has its physical,!mental and spiritual limitations.

Second, in order to develop nature's gifts and powers to the highest point, the individual must choose nature's way, and work along the line of least resistance.

Granting, then, that all persons have their limitations, that is, they can do so much and no more, it must also be remembered that the limitations of the mental and physical powers can be increased or decreased up to a certain point. But even then, there

remain such inflexible limits as time, space and human capacity.

Wise is the young man and woman who recognizes early that they have just so many hours in a day, and just so much vital capital, or bodily strength, in their physical or mental bank with which to fill that day.

As to what the youth will do with this time and this strength, we do not inquire. But how properly to adjust his time, to apportion his strength, this let us consider. In other words, it is

not intended to inquire whether a youth studies or works, teaches, writes, washes dishes, makes dresses, plows, builds, talks or thinks;

DO IT NO W.—B UT HO W? 843

in which his life's workbut how he does these things—the method

is done, this is our present concern.

It is easy to talk to most men about method in work; for

society has, in its own defense, established well defined rules and regulations for the conduct of business life. Men go to

the farm, to the shop, and to the office, at quite regular hours;

they necessarily eat at quite regular hours. If it were not so,

all social and business life would be in chaos, and confusion would stop the wheels of life and its activities. So that men usually live

more or less under the rule of method and of a well defined business system. But even they do not appreciate half the value of

this which we call method.

are driven to sheer distraction While women—alas, women,

by their endeavor to essay every possible mental and physical thing in the interim of meals and bed time. The development of

the strenuous life, and the sudden evolution of women from a prisoner in the home to a wild, free bird of passage, have reduced her to a nervous and physical wreck.

It would not be wise nor just to advise men to give up their extreme modern activity, nor to tell women to go back into the home and not to come forth again into any public labor; but there

are some things all may learn, and do, to better this seemingly helpless and hopeless condition.

It is nonsense to tell a person not to fret, if he is surrounded by circumstances over which he has never exercised the least control.

No one thing so conduces to that most desirable condition of selfpoise, as order in life, system in business, and method in work.

My dear old Yankee grandmother used to tell of people who were tired to death at night, and they had done nothing all day but jump up and down in a bucket and "holler."

Most people are more often "tired to death"because of the unusual cares, the unusual worries, than because of any amount of regular heavy work.

if he attempted to A man would want to drop with weariness carry a thirty pound baby a block, but his slender, delicate wife can lift and tug that baby twenty hours out of the twentyfour.

She began the lifting process when the baby was an infant. If

844 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

we begin with our burden or work, when it is small, and go steadily and regularly forward, it is amazing the amount we can do or carry, in the end.

It is the one who never knows what his day's work will be, where it will begin nor where it will end, who breaks down quickest. Likewise the one who has little or nothing to do, naturally

loses strength, force and energy.

But if method is desirable, how acquire it? And what are its

constituent parts?

First and most important, method rests on the deep, broad foundation of habit.

If a person rise at six every morning, it soon is the easiest thing in the world to awaken and arise at that hour. But if rising is a matter of chance and irregularity,it requires alarm clocks

to rouse one at six.

The modern housekeeper suffers the most severely from the modern mode of life. The style and food of princes, in old days,

is demanded of the modern, work-a-day woman of today, if she hopes to keep anywhere within calling distance of the "swim"and the "club."Her grandmother, good soul, troubled her head very

little with the menu for her daily meals, for they were all alike.

Monday saw Sunday's food warmed over, Tuesday was the day for fowl, Wednesday's ironing cooked the boiled dinner, Thursday brought mutton, Friday, fish, and Saturday, baked beans.

If housekeepers knew the value of having a regular diet, changed regularly, served regularly, and all committed to habit, then women would soon get time and strength for mental pursuit and wider culture.

The subconsciousness of the brain takes charge of an act that becomes habitual, and the weary nerves need trouble with that detail no longer.

The business man at his desk, whose work has been laid out in a routine, receives the least possible jar to his nerves or strength through his daily regular task. No matter how heavy it

may be, he works along the line of least resistance.

The youth who begins life on the farm or in the shop will find he has a-third more time, and twothirds more strength, at the end of a week, if he has carefully arranged his work to fall into a

DO IT NOW—BUT HOW? 845

system; not planning one day's work at a time, but one week's

work, a year's work, carefully laid out ahead, and arranged so that it.is methodical, modifying and varying his work slightly as

time or circumstances may require, but adhering steadily to a routine. Working with hoe or with hammer, at certain hours;

rising, retiring and eating, regularly. Then, too, setting aside

his rare spare time in the evenings to certain duties, studies, and pleasures; he will have to force himself to do this, at first,

but later, it will come easy and without friction to nerves or brain.

Young people at school, and later in offices, usually have their time well planned for them; and this is excellent lifedisci-

pline. But girls at home, boys on the farm, and on ranches, all

these must exert a noble effort to put method into their lives.

No one is too old to learn, to change habits, nor to drop faults. No matter what psychologists say, experience has proved

that age is a limit which every individual fixes or moves forward or backward to suit himself. The man who talks and thinks

of age, disease, or weakness, is opening wide the door of his soul, and inviting that disability to take up its abode within.

The man with a fluctuating business, with varied public duties, is more apt to become a prey to disorderly habits in business than the day laborer. All the more need for him to exercise his intelligence in bringing order out of chaos. The young mother

in the home cannot hope to carrv forward her increasing duties and obligations, unless she has a certain time and place wherein to attend to each daily duty. She should take certain hours for

certain labor, and allow no encroachment from one duty into another, except in cases of accident or sickness.

The brain enjoys regular habits, just as the stomach does; it

will do its best work if allowed to work without hurry, worry or confusion. And, more, the brain without conscious effort will

carefully store away into its own proper pigeonhole the thoughts and impressions belonging to certain times and duties, and with the aid of that wonderful sentinel, Association of Ideas, will call out, at the right moment, the very ideas and fancies belonging to certain duties, certain periods and certain emotions.

The person who once forms a habit of thinking upon certain 846 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

duties at certain hours of the day, soon acquires the habit of thinking upon that subject only at that particular hour; and if

some new idea is suggested on that especial theme or duty, at an inopportune time, such as at night or when absent from home, the brain can easily be directed to pigeonhole that thought in its proper place, the person thinking, "I will recall that tomorrow at the regular hour for that duty,"and no more trouble or thought need be taken.

idle time in useWomen—and sometimes men—spend much

less talk and profitless chatter, especially during working hours.

Such people say it rests them to so gossip. This is not so; brain,

body, and nerves do not obtain rest in being idle, at inopportune or improper times. After a good day's work, both physical and

mental strength is renewed by an hour's gay chatter. Indeed, if

a girl or boy sets aside a certain hour in the middle of the day for rest or recreation, that time spent in bright or quiet talk with a friend, if even the talk be of no seeming consequence, yet will the result be good, because the conscience and nerves are not fretting their owner with the thought of time wasted.

No amount of hard work so tires a poor woman as to feel that a whole day has been wasted or spent in profitless, useless, labor; while it really rests one to do a successful day's work.

Friction and irritation come mostly from unexpected words, acts, and events. One good parson used to pray daily, "0, Lord,

do thou bless my interruptions."This life is so full of sickness,

accidents and sorrows, that no one can hope to Uvea quiet, orderly life, day in and day out. But if the hour, the day, or the week,

be stolen from its regular place and regular duty, the brain will at once accept the situation, if it has been so trained, drop out that space of time, clean and whole, as it were from the scheme of life, and it will move all that hour's thoughts and emotions forward to the next recurring interval. Thus the body and nerves

are left free and footloose to attend to the sudden call thrust upon them.

Such a life is not weakness, it is strength, breadth, and a large repose. Emotions are more easily controlled, thoughts governed, and words restrained, when life is a regularly recurring

DO IT NO W.—B UT HO W? 847

system of quiet, wellordered duties. Such a life gives freedom,

peace, and constantly increasing capacity.

And when, in contemplation of these things, one is led out to observe nature in all her orderly methods, do not the thoughts then quickly rise to that God who orders the course of the stars, and whose existence is one eternal, perfectly rounded circle of peace, laboi and love!

Salt Lake City, Utah.

MONOCHROMES.

(For the Improvement Era.)

I love to sit with half closed eyes

And study lights and shades of shrub and tree;

And as an artist finds high lights, deep shades,

In glorious monochromes of hill and lea,

So do I find the light and shade of skies,

Of pastures, fields and woods and mountain glades,

And paint with words what, to me, ever seems

A world of dreams.

And as I love the neutral tint

Of clouds, low laid upon the mountain sides;

The gray December, with its leaden hues,

The deep, dark canyon, where the streamlet hides;

So do I love the lights, and hues, that glint

From stream, or fall, or gorgeous autumn views,

With all the brighter things that earth can give

For these I live!

The earth is all a wonderland Of changing shades and shadows day and night,

As restless as the tides; o'er all the face

Of nature's broad expanse, there plays the light 848 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

And darkness of a limner's skillful hand

That teaches art, till art must pause and trace

The monochromes of evervarying shade

So deftly made.

hold both art and sculpture dear;

Let each interpret what the other gives:

The artist best can tell what sculpture is,

The sculptor best where art most truly lives.

But I to Nature give my eye, my ear,

I ask of her, nor need I ask amiss,

Her art, her sculpture and her minstrelsy,

Belong to me!

J. L. Townsend.

Payson, Utah.

THE RIGHT WAY AND THE WRONG.

Oh, the right way and the wrong way

With each one goes abreast;

But the wrong way often claims that

It is the one that's best.

The right pursues so modestly The way that leads to peace;

While the wrong way leads to endings

That sorrow doth increase.

And while it seems that, in this world,

Both are always needed, We'll realize in future time, Wrong should not be heeded.

So while we battle on life's way,

With things that seem no use, We must be careful lest we give

The useful things abuse.

Isaiah W. Fletcher.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

SOME FACTS AND FANCIES OF "MORMONISM."

BY DR. JAMES E. TALMAGE.

[This lecture was delivered by invitation, under the auspices of the

Venice Assembly, at Venice, California, August 6, 1905. Venice is a

recreation resort near Los Angeles. The Venice Assembly is a noncommercial society formed for the purpose of giving intellectual and

educational entertainment to those who may visit the place. Its president is Rev. Benjamin Fay Mills, and Governor George C. Pardee, of

California, is one of the six distinguished vicepresidents. The subject

was chosen by the Program Committee of the Assembly, and formed one of a series of topics on which lectures were given by representative men from many parts of our own country, and from abroad. It was not

without reluctance that the author gave his assent to its publication, owing to the fact that the subjectmatter is far from new, and the field has been already covered, in part, by former contributions to our pages.

(See "The Philosophy of 'Mormonism,'"and "The Story of 'Mormonism,'in Volume IV Nos. 6-12, inclusive). We are convinced, however, that the

truth will bear repetition, and the subject is treated from a point of view different from that of the earlier lectures referred to above.

Editors.]

What is called "Mormonism"is no mere issue of the dead past, no simple incident of ancient record, already closed, but a topic of the times and an important one; a factor in the problems

of the present; a living power in the making of the history of

in which we live. It has to be reckonedhistories—that of the age

with by the student of sociology and economics, by the statesman as well as by the theologian.

Tne history of "Mormonism"is brief indeed as measured in 850 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

years; but every chapter of that history, every paragraph of the

chapter, every line of the paragraph, is of import, for the story is that of a living organism, not the tale of a thing made by hands.

There is a fundamental, literally a vital, distinction, between the organic and the inorganic in nature. With the advancement

of science and discovery, many old lines of demarcation have been erased in matters both of fact and fancy; the Chinese Wall is not

the only artificial barrier that has crumbled under the heel of advancing truth; things once regarded as essentially distinct are now

seen to be closely the same things in different related,—perchance

stages or aspects. But though each passing year fails not to

bring its inevitable list of lines effaced, of walls shattered, of castles demolished, yet the procession of the centuries doth but make more plain the line, more impregnable the wall, that divides the living from the dead. organic from the inorganic,—the

An inorganic body, a dead thing, may grow, as does the snowball rolling down the whitecarpeted slope, as does the crystal cube in the saturated brine. This is growth alone—increase of

size by accretion of substance. The living germ not alone grows,

it develops, acquiring new powers and discharging life functions not even suggested by inorganic enlargement. A man is not merely

a boy grown big (though figuratively I admit exceptions). The

more mature organism acquires strength and functional activity as it develops; while the inorganic at best but grows big.

How many of the errors in history,—mistakes of men, mistakes of nations,—are traceable to failure in discriminating between

growth and development? How long is the list of the world's big

men today, compared with the roll of the truly great?

Three quarters of a century ago the socalled "Mormon"

Church was organized. To which of the two great orders does it

belong, as its history tells? Has it merely grown from the six

individuals, comprising its total membership at the beginning, to the many hundreds of thousands who now rejoice over their standing therein,—or have those years demonstrated the attributes of

life in this new Church—have they shown increasing effectiveness,

stronger vitality? Is it alive?

By its enemies it was once regarded as a stone to be crushed;

now it is a recognized fact that, to stop its activities, the crime of

SOME FACTS AND FANCIES OF "MORMONISM."851

murder must be perpetrated,—not the killing of men, but the

slaughter of principles,—for lo! it is alive!

One of the current fancies, if by fancy you mean unfounded assumption and error, is that the Church of which I speak is rightly called the "Mormon"Church. The term "Mormon"so used

was applied in derisioD,—doubtless suggested by the title of a

certain book published by the Church in the days of its infancy and weakness,—the Book of Mormon.

In this connection there comes to mind the record of one dread scene in the persecutions of olden times, when at Antioch the epithet Christian was hurled with envenomed hatred at those who were known or suspected to be believers in the divinity of the Christ. And I am forcibly impressed by the change wrought

through the lapse of years;—in that today, the honor of bearing

the name "Christian"is surpassed only by that of being a Christian in fact.

In the first quarter of the nineteenth century, there were, as yet there are, many sects of many names, and these names of varied origin. There are Catholics, Protestants, Presbyterians,

Methodists, Congregationalists, and others—named with reference

to some characteristic of their creed or organization; there are

in honor of theirWesleyans, Calvinists, Lutherans, etc.—named

sacrificedgreat men—founders of the sects, perchance, or men who

and suffered, perhaps even to the giving of their lives for the truths embodied in their doctrines. But can you find for me in the

history of seventyfive years ago a single sect or church called or known by the name of The Christ?

There were cathedrals and church buildings and chapels, with splendid domes, embattled towers, and lofty spires; within were

worshiping multitudes assembled under the name of St. Peter

and St. Paul, St James and St. John; but where was the edifice or

the congregation known by the name of Jesus Christ?

In the year 1830 a new standard was raised among the banners of the churches; and this was the inscription it bore—"The

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints."

The assumption of such a name was a cause of wonder, if not of consternation, for, if authoritative, it marked the ushering in of a new dispensation, the restoration of the Holy Priesthood with 852 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

all its powers and blessings; if assumed without authority, the act

was one of deepest blasphemy, and called for universal condemnation.

There was no uncertain tone in the declaration of this church of six men. Theirs was not the church of the ancient scribe Mormon; nor that of Peter nor of Paul, nor of Moses nor of Elias;

neither has it become the church of Joseph Smith, nor of Brigham

Young, nor that of any of their successors; its first claim was,the

same claim ever since has been and yet is, that it is the Church of its Master, Jesus Christ.

This, then, is the official designation,—not the "Mormon"

Church of Jesus Christchurch, people, creed, or doctrine,—The

of Latterday Saints. The name is an epitome of its beliefs, professions, doctrines and practices. In that name is expressed the

philosophy and justification of socalled, "Mormonism."With a

name so distinctive, a profession so bold, it was natural to infer that its creed would be new and strange. But hear and read for

yourselves the outline or summary of its doctrines, authoritatively proclaimed:

ARTICLES OF FAITH OF THE CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS.

1. We believe in God, the Eternal Father, and in His Son, Jesus Christ, and

in the Holy Ghost.

2. We believe that men will be punished for their own sins, and not for

Adam's transgression.

3. We believe that, through the atonement of Christ, all mankind may be

saved, by obedience to the laws and ordinances of the Gospel.

4. We believe that the first principles and ordinances of the Gospel are:

First, Faith in the Lord Jesus Christ; second, Repentance; third, Baptism by immersion for the remission of sins; fourth, Laying on of Hands for the Gift of the

Holy Ghost.

5. We believe that a man must be called of God, by prophecy, and by

the laying on of hands, by those who are in authority, to preach the gospe and administer in the ordinances thereof.

6. We believe in the same organization that existed in the primitive

Church, namely, apostles, prophets, pastors, teachers, evangelists, etc.

7. We believe in the gift of tongues, prophecy, revelation, visions, healing, interpretation of tongues, etc.

8. We believe the Bible to be the word of God, as far as it is translated

correctly; we also believe the Book of Mormon to be the word of God.

9. We believe all that God has revealed, all that he does now reveal, and

we believe that he will yet reveal many great and important things pertaining to the kingdom of God.

10. We believe in the literal gathering of Israel, and in the restoration of

SOME FACTS AND FANCIES OF "MORMONISM."853

the Ten Tribes; that Zion will be built upon this [the American] continent;

that Christ will reign personally upon the earth, and that the earth will be renewed and receive its paradisaical glory.

11. We claim the privilege of worshiping Almighty God according to the

dictates of our conscience, and allow all men the same privilege, let them worship how, where, or what they may.

12. We believe in being subject to kings, presidents, rulers, and magis.

trates, in obeying, honoring and sustaining the law.

13. We believe in being honest, true, chaste, benevolent, virtuous, and in

doing good to all men; indeed we may say that we follow the admonition of

Paul: We believe all things, we hope all things, we have endured many

things, and hope to be able to endure all things. If there is anything virtuous,

lovely, or of good report or praiseworthy, we seek after these things. Joseph

Smith.

Do not the sects of Christendom in general accept most of the principles herein set forth? In respect to these matters of

common belief, the Latterday Saints are mainly distinguished by their more literal acceptation and application of the principles of holy scripture in all its sanctifiedembodied,—the acceptance

simplicity, without private or special interpretation.

if I may present the Another fact with its phantom fancy—or,

this: that the bold claims made by the Church renfancy first—is

der the people intolerant to those not of their faith; that they

affirm heaven to be for them alone, and hell for all the rest. The

fact is,toleration and recognition of absolute freedom of conscience in religious belief and practice are prominent features of their faith. They picture no single contrast making one heaven and

one hell in the commonly accepted usage of these terms; but they

it believe that in the hereafter every soul shall find its place,—be

conditions of a place of honor or one of shame,—in the graded

eternity; that each shall have a home for which he is fit in the

house of order,—in the mansions of God.

The man who ha3 striven to live by the law of right, as far as known to him, he who has walked by the best light obtainable, be he Jew or Gentile, heathen or civilized, shall be a partaker in the salvation of progress, with added and endless facilities for advancement, thus leading from salvation to exaltation as the eternities roll by.

The Latterday Saints claim a natural relation of cause and effect between the present or mortal probation of man, and his condition in the world to come, and by logical analogy they regard 854 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

this life as a sequence of a preexistent state,—an intelligent and

individual existence of the spirit before it took tabernacle in the flesh. They reject as a heresy the dogma of predestination, whereby

man is supposed to be foredoomed to a state of happiness or misery, irrespective of merit. They hold individual free agency as a

divine birthright of which even the Eternal One will not deprive his children. Yet, they draw a distinction between negative goodness—mere abstinence from sin, and the positive achievements

resulting from valiant effort in the cause of righteousness.

This Church professes and gives the fullest measure of toleration to others than its own, and demands free agency and religious liberty for all men as inalienable rights rather than as privileges granted by human authority; and yet it boldly declares itself

to be The Church, and the only church possessing the eternal to speak in the name and by the authorityPriesthood—the power

of God. The Church distinguishes between toleration and acceptance, and holds as sacred man's individual freedom and its inevitable personal responsibility.

The buzz of a flitting fancy has sometimes reached my ears to the effect that the Latterday Saints are intolerant among themselves, that the masses of the people must speak only as they are allowed to speak, must think as they are told to think. The solemn fact is, there could not exist, in any organization, a greater

measure of individual liberty than is provided for by the tenets, and enforced by the practices, of this people. They are not creedbound, nor priestbound; they are only Christbound. Their bondage is the pleasing service of the Lord their God.

The plan of church organization provides, and that on the basis of accepted revelation from the heavens, that the highest judicial and executive authority in The Church is The Church itself superior to that of any one or of any body of its officials. No book,

theological, didactic, or otherwise, is binding upon the people, as a law of faith or practice, until, in solemn conference assembled, people, The Church—have so adopted and proclaimed they—the

the same. Of books so designated, there are but four, and of these

the Holy Bible is first, the Book of Mormon next, and two others embodying modern revelations and translations of ancient records.

These are openly published, and on public sale, and are distribSOME FACTS AND FANCIES OF "MORMONISM."855

uted with a vigor that speaks well for an earnest desire to spread abroad the truth concerning an unpopular creed, not less than for the enterprising activity of the "Mormon"printing establishments.

Yet another of the fancies afloat is that of a "Mormon"

Bible. This imaginary volume is known to me only by occasional

mention in newspaper columns devoted to sensationalism, or in the expressions of the uninformed. I have never been able to

secure a copy. The "Mormon"Bible is the Holy Bible itself—the

version accepted and used by the Christian sects of the day.

The Book of Mormon in no sense substitutes or supercedes the Jewish canon of sacred writ, but rests on its own claim as a separate and distinct volume of scripture. As to the book itself,

it professes to be a record of the ancient inhabitants of this western continent, even as the Bible treats of the east. The aboriginal peoples of the west are represented as descendants of

small bands of colonists who came from Jerusalem, crossed the deep waters, and landed on these shores. The principal migration

occurred about 600 B. C, and the record covers a period of about

one thousand years from that time. Book of Mormon history

closes with the destruction of the Nephite nation through an exterminating war. Were the account continued to date, it would

comprise the history of one division of the early colonists—the

having fallen from civilization to barbarism, areLamanites—who,

represented by the American Indians of today.

The Book of Mormon is published as the inspired translation of ancient records engraved on plates of gold, found under divine direction by the translator, where they had been deposited by the last of the ancient writers. This declaration as to source of

the subjectmatter and origin of the modern version, has been rejected without investigation, denied but not disproved; while theories and fanciful stories have appeared from time to time in response to public demand. Of these, but one or two have been of

sufficient strength to withstand even the simplest examination.

The "Spaulding Story"represented the Book of Mormon as the altered and garbled version of a romance written by one Solomon

Spaulding; it is still heard of occasionally, though its absurdity

was demonstrated more than two decades ago. The original man856 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

uscript of Spaulding's romance is open to examination in the library of Oberlin College, Ohio, with certified proof as to its genuineness. Critical comparison of this manuscript with the

Book of Mormon shows entire absence of resemblance between the two; and this is attested by signed statements from President

James H. Fairchild and others. Moreover, the Spaulding romance

has been published in full with such fidelity in following copy as to be painful reading to the user of good English. The world

still repudiates the simple statement of the translator as to the origin of the Book of Mormon; yet no acceptable, or passably consistent, explanation has been offered in its place. As to the

Spaulding story and all others yet propounded by those who deny the true account, we may apply the language of President Fairchild of Oberlin,—"Some other explanation of the Book of Mormon

must be found, if any explanation is required."

Were I asked to specify any one distinguishing feature of "Mormon"doctrine, constituting a marked, if not the most conspicuous, difference between this and the creeds of other Christian sects, I would name the belief in a literal continuation of divine revelation. In view of its claim to the possession of the Holy

Priesthood, The Church of necessity affirms the doctrine of modern revelation.

Christians and Christian sects in general admit direct and personal communication between the Almighty and his chosen servants in days gone by, and in the addition of the gospel to the law through the life and ministry of Jesus Christ as a Man among men, and as the Risen Lord; they accept the doctrine promulgated

by his ordained apostles—indeed, the creeds of Christendom are

founded on such beliefs and professions. The Church of Jesus

Christ of Latterday Saints proclaims these same beliefs, these same professions. It accepts as true prophets those who spake

with God in the distant past, and who communicated the divine word and will to the people—Abraham and Moses, Samuel, Isaiah,

Jeremiah, Ezekiel and the rest. It teaches as true the biblical

account of the ministry of Christ, and of the apostles, in the meridian of time. The Church accepts with reverence and applies

with profit the sacred writ of vanished centuries; but it holds that

these ancient tomes are of themselves insufficient for all time.

SOME FACTS AND FANCIES OF "MORMONISM."857

In short, the religious system called "Mormonism"proclaims itself as an upto-date religion, adapted to continued progress by its inherent powers of neverending development. New truths, or

a more extended application of truths called old,(the one adjective really as unnecessary as the other) are announced as discovered, given out as received. It is a system that keeps pace with the

transition from prairie schooner to vestibuled limited; from the

ponyrider to the electric 'nerve that thrills with the message it transmits; from the canoe to the palatial ocean liner.

If my name is to be enrolled in any association, society, club, coterie, or church, let that organization be one that is abreast of the times, and able to keep up with the eternal march;—one that

gives due meed of praise to the achievements of stagecoach days, but decries not the parlor car drawn by the steed of fire;—one

that prizes the old candlestick, with its halfburned tallow dip, while examining it and musing over it in the effulgence of the electric glow; let it be one that counts among the prophets of

progress, Volta and Galvani, working with their strips of metal and their acidsoaked rags, yet fails not to honor as true successors in the priestly office of advancement, Morse, Edison, and Marconi.

The club to which I seek admission must be one that rightly its daily news and its modern equipranks in upper clubdom—with

ment. The church to which I give my support must be in direct

communication with headquarters; and, as I join my fellows in

their assemblies of worship, the involuntary question as the the news today?preacher takes his place shall be,—what's

Is it heresy, or is it consistency and in line with sound reason to affirm that the God who spake of old speaks today? Doth consistency or its opposite appear in the declaration that of a surety

Jehovah did of old personally instruct and lead his people, yet today deigns them not a word? Has he told them all he would have

them know or has he told all he can tell? Is it unwillingness or

inability that seals the lips of the Eternal One? Has his ear

grown heavy, that it no longer hears, or is his arm shortened and his people beyond reach? Do you teach in college and university

that all discoverable truth in science and in the arts is already of human record? The man of science lives in hope and expectation

of revelations, new and yet newer, great and yet greater, day by 858 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

day. The chemist still toils in his laboratory, the geologist, in the

field, the astronomer, in the observatory—eagerly awaiting, earnestly seeking, additional truth. Is theology, or as applied, religion,

the only field of human effort of search and research in which revelation of new truth may not be confidently expected?

The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints affirms the doctrine of eternal advancement, the principle of true evolution.

It declares that man the child of the living God, has inherited from his divine Parent the capacity of unlimited development; that

man, advancing through eternities, may even attain the rank of

Godship. It teaches man to believe in and love his brother, who,

like himself, is a child of God, and t? implicitly trust and obey

their common Father, whose heirs they may become through compliance with the divine laws and requirements.

Concerning the authority claimed by the Church—to preach

the gospel of Christ and administer in the sacred ordinances thereof the popular fancies—is thatof, the current fallacy—another

one Joseph Smith arrogated unto himself this honor, and pretended to delegate to others a power originating in human audacity and shrewdness; and that he proclaimed them, jointly with himself, as

men divinely endowed. The declaration of the Church is as follows:

Joseph Smith, a native of Sharon, Vermont, while yet a lad, became sorely perplexed concerning the confusion and antagonism manifested among the sects of his neighborhood. He was particularly impressed by the adjuration contained in the epistle of

James: "If any of you lack wisdom let him ask of God, that giveth to all men liberally, and abraideth not; and it shall be given him."

He solemnly affirms that,having acted upon this counsel which seemed to be specially applicable to his own condition, he was visited by heavenly personages, one of whom,pointing to the other, said, "This is my beloved Son, hear him."Later, other immortal

beings appeared to him, and of these one directed him to the resting place of the engraved plates from which the Book of Mormon was afterward translated. Joseph Smith and his companion, Oliver

Cowdery, solemnly declare that a personage who announced himself as the Baptist of old,now in a resurrected state,conferred on them the Lesser or Aaronic Priesthood, which comprises, amongst other

SOME FACTS AND FANCIES OF "MORMONISM."859specific functions, the authority to administer the ordinance of baptism; and that, at a still later date, Peter, James, and John, who had

been the earthly representatives of Christ as leaders of the Primitive Church, after the departure of the resurrected Redeemer, bestowed upon them the Higher or Melchizedek order of Priesthood.

Thus empowered, Joseph Smith proceeded to organize the Church in this last dispensation, and the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints as it exists today is the result.

"Mormonism"affirms that an actual restoration of the priesthood, through a power higher than any of earth, was absolutely indispensable to the establishment of a Church professing to be of

Christ, inasmuch as the priesthood was in fact taken from the earth with the apostles of old; and that the great apostasy was

plainly foretold by ancient prophets,by Christ and by his apostles;

and furthermore, that a consistent and rational interpretation of history proves the literal fulfilment of the dire prediction.

Persecution assailed the youthful prophet, Joseph Smith, from the time of his first announcement of heavenly visitants, to the day of his martyrdom; misrepresentation, resulting in tribulation and suffering, has been the heritage of the Church from its

inception. But so in truth was it with the Church of old, even

when Christ abode in earthly body therewith.

The first well established seat of the Church was in Kirtland,

Ohio. There the people, in the strength of their faith, though

few in numbers and weak through poverty, erected the first temple of modern times. The edifice yet stands, prominent even today

for its stability and architectural beauty. The people who built

it no longer possess it. They were driven fronr their homes by

mobocratic force, and the Church began its westward march.

Already a gathering focus had been established in Missouri, and thither now flowed the stream of enforced emigration from Ohio.

The people bought lands and erected homes, but of these they were later dispossessed under the infamous order of extermination the governor of that Stateexpatriation or death—issued by

Lilburn W. Boggs. Compelled thus again to abandon their own,

the people fled to Illinois.

A halt was made at the little town of Commerce, and there;

faith and hard laborunder the potent magic of industry—trustful

860 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

a city took the place of the hamlet, in situation, plan and construction, attractive to all who saw it, and called Nauvoo, the

City Beautiful. Here was erected another temple, greater than

the first; yet hardly was it completed ere it fell a prey to vandal

flames.

When, in 1844, Joseph Smith 'and his brother Hyrum were massacred at Carthage, Illinois, while under the pledged protection of the State's chief magistrate, the enemies of the people counted their work well done, and the dissolution of the Church was awaited as a natural and an inevitable sequence. Such would

probably have been the result had the Church been that of Joseph

Smith; but the Church of Jesus Christ still lived.

After many vicissitudes and sufferings, the people, under the leadership of Brigham Young, resumed their pilgrimage to the past the frontiers of the country they called theirwest,—onward,

own, beyond the domain of the flag they loved, onward into Mexican territory, finally halting in the valley of the Great Salt Lake, the first white men to brave the dangers of the Great American

Desert, in an attempt to conquer the wilderness and make of it a home. They went to work with no uncertainty of purpose, no

thought of temporary occupancy; they had found the place they

had sought, and there they would abide.

The story of their struggles with their cruel environments, of their sacrifices and heroism, of the birth of the system of irrigation, on the very day of their first encampment in the valley; of

the scanty harvests, the enforced frugality, of the partial destruction of their crops by hordes of crickets, and of the extermination of the pests by the providential arrival of the sea gulls all this has been told in part—in fragments of story and

song.

You have read how, on the 24th of July, 1857, the holiday marking the close of the first decade since the arrival of the pioneer colonists, the people learned of the approach of the army despatched to the west by President Buchanan—sent to suppress an

alleged rebellion which indeed had never been conceived.. You

know how this army was held in check for months—until assurances against plunder and other hostile action had been given; how

the army found the people in poverty and left them in comparaSOME FACTS AND FANCIES OF "MORMONISM."861

tive wealth, when summoned in haste to the east there to take part in the fratricidal strife between the North and the South.

The story of the battle with the desert, the victory over the wilderness, the rise of a mighty commonwealth in the once forbiding West, I must leave for one more able than I to tell.

The hamlets, towns, and cities of Utah and adjoining states speak of the stability of the community, the vitality of the commonwealth. Four great temples now stand in the onetime wilderness, and within their sacred precincts the ordinances of the

gospel of Christ are performed both for the living and for the dead.

The Church still lives!—its food the words that proceed from

the mouth of God; its mission, that of brotherhood and love; its

destiny, the development of the Kingdom of God, which shall become one with the Kingdom of Heaven. Therein, love shall be the

shall serve the Lord his God, and shall love hislaw—and everyone

neighbor as himself.

Venice, California.

HEARTS OF GOLD.

Hearts of gold! How many are there on the earth?

Hearts devoid of any substance not of worth.

Hearts of gold! We fail to find them, just because

Eyes are dim, yet ever watching to see flaws.

Hearts of gold! Yes; there are many hearts of gold

Hidden oft within the caskets of plain mold.

Hearts of gold need no adornment; that is why,

In our search, we often pass them by.

Grace Ingles Frost.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

TOPICS OF MOMENT.

The Equitable Life Insurance Company.

The scandals that have attended the examination into the

Equitable Life Insurance Company are very likely to effect, detrimentally, the general business of other great companies. When

one reads the salary list, and is told that a policy holder is a stockholder and shares the general prosperity of the business, he feels very much like the boy who, while watching his companion eat his apple, spoke for the core. The one in possession exclaimed:

"They hain't no core."The policy holder is to share the surplus, if

these is one. When he sees the salary list he may well wonder

what the surplus is to be. The Equitable has been paying higher

salaries, it is said, than the other great insurance companies, and the new president, Mr. Norton, has been cutting down salaries to

make them correspond more nearly to those of other great companies. The following is the list before and after the cut:

Present. New.

Gage E. Tarbell, second vicepresident $60,000.00 $48,000.00

Thomas D. Jordan, comptroller 35,000.00 28,000.00

George T. Wilson, third vicepresident. 30,000.00 24,000.00

William Alexander, secretary 25,000.00 20,000.00

J. G. Van Cise, actuary 17,500.00 14,000.00

M. Murray, caahier. 15,000.00 12.750.00

F. W. Jackson, auditor 12,500.00 10,625.00

Anna L. Amendt 12,000.00 10,200.00

A. W. Maine, assistant actuary 12,000.00 10,200.00

G. F. Brophy, renewals, etc 9,600.00 8,160.00

S. G- Hann, associate actuary 7,500.00 6,750.00

W. E. Johnson, in second vicepres-

ident's office 6.000.00 5,400.00

H. R. Winthro, financial manager 6,000.00 5,400.00

John Gilchrist, securities department. 6,000.00 5,400.00

F. F. Edwards, advertising department 6,000.00 5,400.00

J.F. McGuinness,purchasing department 5,000.00 4,500.00

Samuel Frost, recorder 4,000.00 3,600.00

D. N. Junk, cashier of the financial department 4,000.00 3,600.00

H. L. Gorman, in second vicepresident's

office 3,000.00 2,700.00

TOPICS OF MOMENT. 863

Miss Anna L. Amendt has been receiving $12,000 as secretary of vicepresident Tarbell. Hereafter she is to receive only

$10,200 a year. The entire cut will result in a saving of $150,-

000 a year, and the salaries will hereafter amount to over a quarter million annually. Such extravagant administration is

likely to drive those who feel the necessity of life insurance as protectioL to their families into insurance policies that do not have accrueing interests, and also into les3 pretentious companies whose salaries do not absorb so large a percentage of the net profits. It is said that the new president of the Equitable is not

likely to receive more than sixty or seventy thousand a year.

His predecessor got $100,000 annually, and the first vicepres- ident received a like amount. Senator Depew was retained as an

attorney at a salary of $20,000. That, too, has been cut off.

There have also been wheels within wheels and the modern graft has been worked for all men could get out of it. In sentencing a

clerk who had robbed the Equitable, Judge Foster of New York made the following comment:

You stole from the Equitable, but your methods were very crude and bungling. If you had had instead of collusion with an outsider, collusion with an insider, and thereby had had your salary raised to $50,-

000.00, and had then divided with the other man. the result would not

have been a bit more objectionable, from a moral or ethical standpoint, and would have been no more hurtful to the policy holders, but very possibly you would not have been at the bar of justice. Under all the circumstances of the case, compelled as I am to extend to you mercy by

reason of your services to the people, the sentence is to the Elmira Reformatory.

A life insurance policy is one of those things that an ordinary mortal knows nothing about, but, fortunately for the company, what the agent told him has been forgotten before the policy matures, or, in the meantime, the agent has died. Other

companies have asked for an examination of their methods. But

is a method honest which pays men four or even eight times as much as their services would demand in other avocations? It is

true, the surplus of a great insurance company may offer special inducements for men to raise their own salaries, especially when 864 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

there is money within easy reach to pay them. There is a growing demand for federal supervision of these great insurance companies. Life insurance has become a part of our national usage.

Policy holders have not all the safeguards they are entitled to, and some good is likely to accrue to them out of the scandals now ventilated in the Equitable.

Peace Conference and Portsmouth.

The progress of the peace conference is one of the leading important topics of the day, and the magazines and papers are filled with details of the proceedings, with descriptions of Portsmouth and its environs, and with sketches and portraits of the peace envoys. It is confidently hoped, but not at all probable, that

seaport city in thethis New Hampshire seaport city—the only

state—will witness the last scene of one of the greatest wars of

history. It is one of the oldest towns in this country, and is noted

as one of the most important ports in the old British colonies where the residence of the royal governors was located until the time of the Revolution.

On August 5, just before the departure of the envoys to

Portsmouth a memorable scene was witnessed on board the yacht

Mayflower, at Oyster Bay, when President Roosevelt greeted the

Japanese and Russian plenipotentiaries and bade them Godspeed on their mission of peace. President Roosevelt after formally introducing the envoys, drank to the welfare of the sovereigns and

peoples of the two great nations whose representatives had come thus together, in our great Western commonwealth, to promote peace on earth, good will to men. Then he uttered these admirably

chosen words which were flashed under oceans to Tokio and St.

Petersburg: "It is my most earnest hope and prayer, in the interest

not only of these two great powers, but of all civilized mankind, that a just and lasting peace may speedily be concluded between them."It will certainly be no fault of his if that noble prayer be

unfulfilled, while it is a safe prediction that no living person is more interested in the proceedings at Portsmouth than the President who is likely to be asked to aid in the effort to make peace;

in fact, on the ninth day of the conference it was reported that both sides had consulted him for aid.

EDITOR'S TABLE.

AVOID DEBT AND CREDIT.

An incident came under my observation some days ago which, as an illustration showing the value of correct business methods, is worth a passing notice. It appears that in one of our settlements a cooperative store had existed for many years, under diverse management. Its affairs had been so carelessly attended

that in course of time it was involved in debt to the amount of many thousand dollars. The principal reason assigned for this

condition was that through the credit system large sums of money were outstanding in many small accounts which it seemed impossible to collect. The people failed to pay. Finally, it became

necessary for the directors to cast about them and see what could be done to relieve the financial strain. It was thought best to sell

out,but the stockholders could not make an offer, under their financial burden, without, perhaps, levying an assessment. At least, the

complete sacrifice of their entire stock was apparently necessary.

Oae of the directors at length offered to conduct the business at a stated salary, provided, he should be given complete control.

It was agreed that he should not be interfered with, and so he undertook to resuscitate the institution. He announced that hereafter all business would be transacted on a cash basis. No more

credit would be given. The sequel was that in three or four years

the concern was on its feet, with all its debts cancelled, money in the bank, and it is now thrifty and prosperous.

The lesson to be learned is one of business economy; and one

which the Latterday Saints earnestly should take to heart. As a

people we are doing too much credit business, not only in our mercantile and other trade establishments, but in our private business 866 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

affairs. It would be much better for us, and our prosperity, not to

say peace of mind, would be much greater, if, like the new manager, we determined to place our affairs on a cash basis and refused to give or ask so much credit. Why? Because credit business leads to carelessness, and to such extravagance as a person

would never think of indulging in, if cash were paid at the time of purchase. It costs 20 per cent more to operate a credit business

than one conducted on a cash basis. It is safe to say, also, that

the creditor loses that amount, whereas, if he paid cash he would gain it. Somebody pays that great sum: either the seller or

both. Credit plunges people into finanthe purchaser,—sometimes

cial bondage, brings them into disrepute—no matter how honest

frequently destroys good name andtheir intentions may be,—and

character.

Credit often involves persons in bankruptcy, and is most frequently at the root of all financial failure. It involves men

in bondage which often works destruction to their characters as well as to their whole course in life. Only the free are free, and no

person in debt is free. Of all people on earth, the Saints should

be the freest; and, in order to fulfill the desires of their hearts as

Latterday Saints, they above all people should be free from debt.

The Lord has taught his people to keep themselves free from all extravagance; and it is as much a duty we owe to our families,

to live within our means, and protect them from debt, as it is to devote our lives in other ways to their temporal and spiritual progress and protection. In fact, keeping out of debt and holding

ourselves financially free, are conditions upon which both temporal and spiritual progress depends. Many good men have gone into

financial bondage because of the extravagant notions of their families. Thev demand leisure, dress, and entertainment, out of all

proportion to the family income. Then it is that the pernicious

credit system carries them still farther, until not only financial, but also moral, ruin stares them in the face. Deceiving, lying,

stealing, and general demoralization of the character, follow.

We have great need to exercise economy in many ways to protect ourselves from financial bondage. On the farm, in the matter

of the purchase of carriages and machinery; in the home, in dress,

food, drink and entertainment. It is, besides, coming to be the

EDITORS TABLE. 867

fashion, not only to visit constantly every pleasure resort and theatre, during the season, but also to travel afar, to the east and to the west, to the north and the south, in search of entertainment and pleasure. It doesn't require much of a political economist to predict ruin as the result of such a course, especially

where, as in most cases, money for the purpose is obtained on credit.

Under the credit system, too, extravagance is multiplied. The

people are encouraged to overbuy, and to carelessness and indifference in the payment of their obligations. Honesty should be a

characteristic of the people as a whole, as well as of the individual, and where much credit is the rule, this principle is discouraged, and the payment of debt is postponed, while the money is used for other purposes. The Saints should learn that it is not

right, and leads to grave evil, to spend money in luxuries, for outings and other pleasure trips, that is not their own, or that has been obtained by going into debt for necessities. No luxuries for

undue travel, dress, for eating or drinking, for amusement or entertainment, should be tolerated by the head of a family or demanded by its members, until the honest debts for necessities are cancelled. This is a good resolution to make for the young man

who is entering upon business for himself, no less than for those who have already entered. To live within one's means, pay one's

debts promptly, avoid credit as much as possible, both in giving and receiving, are old but worthy business maxims. Their observance

should become a fixed habit with the man who desires to prosper in temporal affairs, and to lay the foundation of a character upon which a rich spiritual structure may be builded.

Finally, while times are prosperous, get out of debt, and then keep out; pay as you go, and do your business on a cash

basis.

Joseph F. Smith.

GREETINGS TO THE M. 1. A. WORKERSWhen the time arrived for opening the first meeting of the

June, 1905, M. I. A. conference, the Assembly Hall was well filled

with over two thousand officers of these associations. It was a

868. IMPROVEMENT ERA.

glorious sight to behold these young people, leaders of the youth of Zion, workers in the splendid cause of Mutual Improvement, gathered in council and to be instructed. The scene inspired

President Joseph F. Smith to utter the following greetings and ininstructions, as reported by Stenographer F. W. Otterstrom, of the

L. D. S. University:

I desire on the part of the General Board of the Young

Men's Mutual Improvement Associations, to extend, also, our greetings, not only to the young men, who are assembled here in the interest of Mutual Improvement work, but more especially to our sisters who are also engaged in this noble work of improving the minds, the character, and the lives of our youth. We greet you

with a most hearty welcome. We are glad to see you, and sincerely

hope that you will enjoy a season of great pleasure, while mingling with each other and with your fellow workers in this great cause, during this conference; and that when you return to your homes,

those of you close by, and those of you who have come from a distance, that you will carrv with you renewed determination, renewed strength, courage and faith, and that you may go forth with an earnestness and interest in the work that we are engaged in. It has been said often that we must set a good example and

live up to the principles of the Gospel. It goes without saying

that it is necessary for him or for her who desires to teach others, to be in a position themselves to teach. It is, therefore,

encouraging to think and to see the number of our workers who are present here today, men and women who are, without question, without doubt, prepared to teach by their own works, by their own faith, through their own energy and devotion to the work in which they are engaged. I believe you are prepared to teach

others, and to set a good example before the youth of Zion.

I hold that it is an uphill business, an exceedingly uphill business, to have one who is addicted to some bad habit, undertake to teach somebody else not to indulge in that habit, to which he or she may be addicted. I have never been able to see how it

would be possible for one who has given way to a vicious appetite or an unwholesome desire, or uncanny practice of any kind, to say to another person: "Walk not in my footsteps; follow not my example; shun my habits; you must do the things which I did not do,

EDITOR'S TABLE. 869

in order that you may be acceptable before God."I cannot

understand how men and women can be teachers and set an example before the world, who are not prepared to say to those whom they would teach: "Do not so much what I say, but come and do

the things that I do.""Follow me,"were the words of the Lord

himself. Follow'me, do the things that ye see me do; and whosoever doeth the things that I command, and the works that I have

done, shall be like a man who built his house upon a rock, and when the storms came and the winds blew and beat upon that house, it did not fall, for it was founded upon a rock.

I do not intend to enter into a discourse this morning, but I wish to say to those present, who may not be directly engaged in

Mutual Improvement work, that here before me, and in this house at this time, is a most inspiring sight; for here is a congregation

of men and women who are indeed setting an example before the world; whose lives are above criticism, whose works are pure and

spotless, and whose hearts are right in the sight of the Lord; for

they are engaged in a work that requires this status of character, and they are not the kind of people who would engage in the work of the Lord, while they themselves are guilty of the evils, vices and sins of the world. They have put themselves in a position to teach others, both by example and precept; and, therefore, I greet you my brethren and sisters, as the salt of the earth,

which has not lost its savor, but which is full of life, and which can impart life, and light, and truth, and virtue, and honor, to the children of men; whoever shall come in touch with you, will come

in touch with purity, with pure desires, with honest purposes, and with true devotion to the cause of righteousness in the earth;

for these are men and women who are engaged in a work that is intended to uplift the souls of men. We believe in honor, honesty,

virtue, uprightness, truth, and everything that emanates from the source of light and truth and goodness; and it is our business, our

joy, and our pleasure, to labor for the welfare of mankind.

Now, what I have said, I have not said boastingly; I have not

said in a spirit of selfrighteousness, or anything of that kind;

but I merely aim to speak that which I believe candidly and honestly to be true, that there is here assembled a congregation of good men and women, whose characters are above reproach, 870 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

men and women who are filled with honor and the spirit of truth and virtue in their hearts. What a power you are in the midst of

this people, for the accomplishment of good!

I pray God to bless you in your labors, to fill you with light, and give you joy in your efforts, and to enable you to see and realize a hundred fold, of the fruits of your toil and many—aye,

efforts for the advancement of his cause, in the reclamation of the unwary, and those who are foolish and see not; that you mav

see them, through your efforts, brought back to the knowledge of the truth, and to a proper consideration of their own duties in life, which may God grant unto you, is my prayer, in the name of

Jesus. Amen.

NOTES.

Here you have it. An Indian was describing the habits of his tribe,

and said: "Indian great smoker; smokin'great help to laziness."

Among the battle monuments to be erected by the Japanese, in memory of their many victories over Russia, will be an enormous lighthouse on Okeno island, in the Strait of Corea, to commemorate the battle of the Sea of Japan. It is to be hoped though scarcely realized that all

the monuments will be as useful as this one.

Thomas W. Lawson was once visited in his Boston office by a young

woman who came laden with all sorts of college diplomas and giltedged references. It so happened that Mr. Lawson needed a temporary secretary and engaged her on the spot. When, later in the day, the young

woman handed Mr. Lawson a number of letters that he had dictated,they

were chiefly remarkable for their hideous orthography. He called the

girl's attention to her blunders, whereupon she replied with a giggle:

"Really, now, I think I must have been bewitched."

"Quite so,"said Mr. Lawson; "some fairy has evidently cast a bad

spell over you."

This story affords a moral to the average stenographer and typewriter, for if there is anything which exasperates a business or a professional man it is the inability of his amenuensis to spell correctly.

Success.

OUR WORK.

Y. M. M. I. A. ANNUAL CONVENTIONS.

To Stake Superintendents, Assistants and Officers of the Young Men's

Mutual Improvement Associations.

Dear Brethren.—The annual conventions of the Y. M. M. I. A.

officers will be held in August, September and October, 1905, on the dates named below:

August 13—Alberta.

August 20—Taylor, St. John.

August 27—Alpine, Beaver, Emery, Juab, Malad, San Juan, San

Luis, Snowflake.

August 28—Panguitch.

September 3—Box Elder, Cassia, Granite, Pocatello, Teton, Bannock, Jordan, Nebo, South Davis.

September 4—Kanab, Big Horn.

September 10—Morgan, Ensign, Salt Lake, Pioneer, Liberty, Star

Valley, South Sanpete, Hyrum, Utah, Sevier, Cache, Woodruff, Maricopa.

September 11—St. George.

September 17—North Davis, Fremont, Bear Lake, North Sanpete,

Summit, Wayne, Millard, Weber, St. Joseph.

September 19—Parowan.

September 24—Union, Uintah, Wasatch, Blackfoot, Oneida, Tooele,

Bingham, Juarez.

October 1—Benson.

Stake superintendents will please give special and immediate attention to the following items:

1st. Confer with the stake presidency—secure their cooperation

and arrange for the conventions.

872 IMPRO VEMENT ERA.

2nd. See that your stake and ward organizations are all complete

and your class teachers selected before the convention.

3rd. Notify all officers, class teachers, and others interested, by

personal visit, if necessary, of the convention, and request them to be present. 4th. Secure suitable hall or halls for the convention, where

both the Young Men's and Youug Ladies'officers may be accommodated, without interfering with the Sunday Schools or the ward meetings. Consult with the Young Ladies'officers in regard

to this. 5th. Have all Sunday School teachers who are Mutual Improvement officers or class teachers, excused from their Sunday School classes

to attend the morning session of the convention. This has been provided for by arrangement between the two Boards.

6th. Extend special invitation to the stake presidency, the high

councilors, the bishops and their counselors, and all stake and ward officers to attend the convention meetings.

7th. Select competent persons to treat the subjects at the convention, and assign the topics to them in advance.

8th. Send copy of this circular to every officer without

delay. 9th. Previous to the convention, hold at least one meeting

of the stake superintendency, aids, and convention speakers, and discuss the convention subjects thoroughly and perfect all arrangements.

In making these arrangements, care should be taken not to interfere with the sessions of the Sunday Schools or regular ward meetings;

so that some settlement should be selected where the meetings can be held in some building other than that in which the Sunday School and ward meetings are held.

Thoroughly advertise your convention throughout your stake; have

frequent notice given in all ward meetings, Sunday Schools and other gatherings, andhave notice published in your local newspaper, in addition to individual notice, personal or by letter, to every Y. M. M. I. A.

officer, including the class teachers.

For the work of the Young Men's Associations, two meetings will be held, one at 10 a. m. and one at 2 p. m. In the evening, at the most

convenient hour, a joint meeting will be held to which the public may be invited. No program need be prepared for the evening meeting, except

one or two musical selections.

The meetings will be conducted by the Stake Y. M. M. I. A. officers

OUR WORK. 873

under the direction of the representative of the General Board, and the program will consist of the following:

Six "M's"for M. I. A.

Membership. 4. Manuals—Class Work.

a. How secure. a. How obtained and distrib-

b. How retain. uted.

c. How treat. b. How best used in classes.

d. How interest. c. Teaching.

e. How control. 5. Magazine.

Missionary Work. a. Necessity.

a. Necessity. b. Duty in regard to it.

b. By whom done. c. 1903 Conference resolution.

c. Methods of doing. d. Educational benefit.

3. Meetings.Meetings. 6. Money.

a. What are necessary, a. The General Fund.

b. How popularize. b. Need and use of it.

c. How conduct. c. Collection and remittance.

d. How make effective. d. Accounts withGeneralOffice.

e. Educational benefits.

At the morning meeting the first three subjects will be considered, and the second three at the afternoon meeting.

Detailed instructions upon the above subjects will be found in previously published circulars, and in the Digest of Instructions, which all officers and members are advised to carefully review; but in giving

this advice the committee desires it understood that the speakers to whom these topics are assigned should present their own ideas in addition.

A new edition of the Digest of Instructions will be issued, and all are expected to thoroughly familiarize themselves with its contents.

The stake superintendents will select for each topic the most competent person in the stake to present the subject, and two other competent persons in the stake to discuss it in all its bearings, after which a brief general discussion should be encouraged, at which all pertinent

Questions will be considered. Great care should be exercised to select

the persons most suitable to discuss these subjects.

The General Board has approved and authorized these arrangements and instructions, and expects that the local officers will zealously carry them out. We trust that you will make every necessary sacrifice

to accomplish the work, and that no excuse will be offered on the day of the convention, but that every requirement will be met, and this 874 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

year's convention be the best ever held. It will require work on your

part and that of your assistants to make this convention a grand success, but the good which will result will amply repay you for the effort, and we pray that the Lord will bless you accordingly.

Your brethren, George H. Brimhall.

Edward H. Anderson,

J. Golden Kimball,

Thomas Hull, Bryant S. Hinckley.

Committee.

OFFICERS.

Joseph F. Smith, General Supt.

Heber J. Grant, Assistant,

B. H. Roberts,

Thomas Hull, Secretary and Treasurer.

Evan Stephens, Music Director.

Horace S. Ensign, Asst. Music Director.

AIDS.

Francis M. Lyman, Jos. W. McMurrin,

John Henry Smith, Reed Smoot, Matthias F. Cowley, Briant S. Hinckley,

J. Golden Kimball, Moses W. Taylor,

Junius F. Wells, B. F. Grant,

Milton H. Hardy, Henry S. Tanner,

Rodney C. Badger, Hyrum M. Smith,

George H. Brimhall, Wm. B-. Dougall,

Edward H. Anderson, Jos. F. Smith, Jr.,

Douglas M. Todd, 0. C. Beebe,

Thomas Hull, Lewis T. Cannon,

Nephi L. Morris, Philip S. Maycock,

Willard Done, Benj. Goddard,

Le Roi C. Snow, Geo. A. Smith,

Frank Y, Taylor, Thomas A. Clawson,

Rudger Clawson, Louis A. Kelsch,

Rulon S. Wells, Lyman R. Martineau.

EVENTS OF THE MONTH.

BY JOSEPH F. SMITH, JR.

Local, July, 1905.

in Mt. Carmel, Kane county, William J. Jolley, Died.—Monday, 3rd,

aged 76 years. He joined the Church in Tennessee in 1842, was driven

from Nauvoo with the Saints in 1845, and came to Utah in 1852, where he took part in the Walker Indian war and the Echo Canyon campaign.

in Mesa, Arizona, Mary G. Winchester, a pioneer of 1848,—Friday, 7th,

and a veteran member of the Church, aged 83 years.—In Smithfield, Sunday, 9th, Sarah C. Langton, a pioneer of Smithfield, born June 24, 1833,

in Glasgow, Scotland, and came to Utah in 1857.—The same day, in

Murray, George Hansen, a pioneer and a veteran of the Utah Indian wars. He crossed the plains by handcart in 1856, in Captain Edmund

Ellsworth's company, was born in Birmingham, England, February 1, 1831, and joined the Church in 1851.—Monday, 10th, in Fountain Green,

Reese R. Lewellin, aged 77 years, a pioneer of Sanpete county, who

crossed the plains by handcart in 1856. For many years he was counselor in the bishopric of Fountain Green ward.—The same day, in Mesa,

Arizona, James H. Brooks, a veteran Church worker and pioneer of Utah;

born April 5, 1822, in Syracuse, N.Y.—In Salt Lake City, Saturday, 15th,

Joseph H. Ward, editor of the German weekly, Die Beobachter. He was

born near London, Ontario, Canada, August 16, 1842. During the American Civil war he fought in the Union army, and in 1873 was baptized

by Elder Harry Hall; three years later he came to Utah.—In Salt Lake

City, Wednesday, 12th, Susan M. Sperry, wife of Bishop Harrison Sperry, of the Fourth ward; born October 11, 1845, and came to Utah in

1848.—In Ogden, Tuesday, 18th, David H. Stephens, a pioneer of Ogden,

a High Priest in the Weber stake, and a veteran of the Salmon River

Mission; born in Brown county, 111., October 22, 1835.—In Manti, Thursday, 20th, John Tuttle, pioneer of Manti; born June 19, 1821.—The

same day and place, Elias Demill, a veteran of the Utah Indian wars, and a pioneer of Juab county; born in Caldwell county, Mo., January 12,

Mrs.Olive Bingham, a pioneer of 1847, aged1838.—In Lewisville, Idaho,

876 IMPRO VEMENT ERA.

of the Black 88 years.—Friday, 28th, in Provo, Franklin Beers, a veteran

Hawk war, and a resident of Utah since 1848; born October 16, 1842, in

Salt Lake City, the same day, Andrew J. Burt, exsheriffNew York.—In

of Salt Lake county, and a volunteer officer of the Spanish war, aged 46 years.—In Logan, Sunday, 29th, Joseph Keeler, aged 35 years. Elder

Keeler recently returned from the Swiss and German mission, where he in Salt Lake City, Lucas acted as the mission secretary.—Sunday, 31st,

Hoagland, one of Utah's early settlers. He was born in Michigan, in

1347, and for many years had lived on the Pacific coast.

Fire at the County Infirmary.—Monday, 17th, the County Infirmary of Salt Lake county was practically destroyed by fire, due to defective wiring. The loss is estimated at about $18,000.

Ecclesiastical Changes.—On Saturday and Sunday, 15th and

16th, the quarterly conference of the San Luis stake was held, in Manassa, Colorado. Elder Levi P. Helm was chosen president of the stake

to fill the vacancy caused bv the death of Elder Albert R. Smith. Elders

Thomas A. Crother and Erastus S. Christensen were chosen counselors.

At the same time Bishop Ephraim Coombs was honorably released from the bishopric of the Richfield ward on account of ill health, and Elder

John W. Showcroft was ordained and set apart as bishop of that ward,

with Erastus Beck and Henry W. Valentine as counselors. Brigham W.

Harrison was sustained as a member of the stake High council and Erastus A. Nielsen and William W. Huffaker as alternate members. President Francis M.Lyman and Elder John Henry Smith were in attendance,

and ordained and set apart these brethren to their respective callings.

At the quarterly conference of the Fremont stake, held in Sugar

City, 26th and 27th, Mark Austin and Albert Heath were chosen and sustained counselors to President Thomas F. Basset. George A. Pincock

was chosen and sustained an alternate member of the High Council, and Alfred Ricks, Bishop of Sugar City ward, with James B. Gaddie as

counselor. Richard Hemsley, Jr., was chosen and sustained Bishop of

Piano ward, with James Steele, Jr., as a counselor.

Other officers were also chosen and set apart to various offices by

President Francis M. Lyman and Elder Charles W. Penrose, who were

in attendance.

At the Star Valley stake conference, held at the same time, Elder

Wilford A. Hyde was chosen as second counselor in the stake presidency

of that stake.

Pioneer Day, 1905.—Pioneer day, July 24, 1905, was celebrated

with imposing ceremonies throughout the State, and in all settlements

EVENTS OF THE MONTH. 877

of the Saints in distant parts. The citizens of Salt Lake City and

county held their celebration in Liberty Park, where the pioneers of 1847 were the honored guests. A magnificent and characteristic parade

was given in the forenoon, which was followed by appropriate literary exercises. Bishop Orson F. Whitney delivered the oration, and Hon.

Fisher S. Harris paid a high tribute to the pioneers who through their

sufferings, toil and industry laid the foundation of our glorious intermountain commonwealth.

Died.—Friday, 7th, in Waipawa, New Zealand, Arapata Meha, a

native chieftain, who joined the Church in 1886. At the time of his

death he was president of the Waipawa branch of the Church.

Arrested for Preaching the Gospel.—Elders W. H. Hopkins and

Chester Liljenquist, who are laboring in Mississippi, were arrested at

Teasdale, in that state, Sunday, 23rd, for preaching the gospel. They

were taken by the sheriff, who was armed, to Charleston, where they were tried by a mock court, on the 26th, having been denied witnesses, and were fined for preaching the gospel, under the pretext of disturbing a meeting. The fine and costs amounted to $8, and were paid by friends,

after which the elders bore their testimonies to the court.

August, 1905.

1st, in Ogden, Ezra G. Williams, a pioneer of 1849; Died.—Tuesday,

born in Ohio, November 17, 1823, joined the Church in 1832, and passed through many of the early hardships in Ohio, Missouri and Illinois.

2nd, in Salt Lake City, Reed T. Cannon, son of President—Wednesday,

6th, in Clinton, Andrew PatGeorge Q. Cannon, aged 30 years.—Sunday,

terson, one of the best known residents of Davis county, and second counselor in the bishopric of the Clinton ward, aged 51 years.—In Kaysville, Thursday, 10th, William Stewart, an original settler of Davis

county, who joined the Church in Bedfordshire, where he was baptized

May 7, 1841. He came to Utah in 1851, and was 89 years of age.

the The Uintah Reservation Opening.—On Tuesday, August 1,

work of registering for the drawing for homesteads on the Uintah reservation commenced, and continued until Saturday, 12th. Registration

was conducted at Provo, Price and Vernal, Utah, and at Grand Junction,

Colorado. On the first day, the registration was 5,467, and the total for

the entire twelve days was 37,657, which is about seven times as many as there are quarter sections on the reservation to be opened to the public.

Domestic—July, 1905.

strike came End of the Chicago Strike.—The Chicago teamsters'

878 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

to an end on the evening of Thursday,20th, after months of needless suffering, bitterness and crime. It resulted in a complete defeat of the

strikers, many of whom are now out of employment.

boiler of the U. S. gunboat BenWreck of the "Bennington."—A

nington exploded as the ship was at anchor in the harbor of San Diego,

California, at 10:30, Friday, 21st. At the time, there were on board 278

men, many of whom were killed, and most of the remainder injured. The

gunboat was launched in 1890, was 230 feet long, and drew 14 feet of water. This is the worst disaster that has happened in the navy since

the destruction of the Maine in the harbor of Havana.

The Body op John Paul Jones.—The body of John Paul Jones,

recently found in a cemetery in Paris through the search instituted by

Ambassador Horace Porter, arrived in the Chesapeake bay on board the

U. S. cruiser Brooklyn, Saturday, 22nd. Interment will be at Annapolis.

Elders Mobbed in the South.—Elders Chester C. Pulley and Wm.

R. McNeil, traveling in the Mississippi conference, were treated in a

brutal manner at Shuqualak, Miss., on the 8th, by the constable, Tom

McClure, W. J. Hubbard, and Dr. J. Perry, who resorted to violence in

their efforts to force the elders to leave the town. Two gentlemen,

named N. I. Campbell and Louis Sparkman, came to the elders'assistance and prevented the ruffians from carrying out their wicked intentions.

Two days later, 10th, Elders Heber C. Miller and Joseph H. Walton,

Jr., who are laboring in Tennessee, were also brutally assaulted while

engaged in tracting and seeking for entertainment. They were invited

by a man to his home for the evening, and accepted the invitation.

While they were at supper, their host left the house and raised a mob with the expressed intention of doing the elders bodily harm. Fortunately, just as they were about to retire for the night, the elders were

warned of the approach of the mob and hastily made their escape. Shots

were fired at them in their retreat, and the corn in the field where they sought shelter was shattered by the bullets of the wouldbe assassins.

The members of the mob were residents of the town of Fall Branch, where the elders were laboring.

August, 1905.

The Portsmouth Peace Conference.—The first session of the

peace conference of the diplomats of Russia and Japan was held at Portsmouth, N. H., Wednesday morning, 9th, and lasted about one hour, during which time the credentials of the interested parties were submitted,

and an agreement was entered into regarding the program of the future sessions. The peace envoys who have power to act in behalf of the

EVENTS OF THE MONTH. 879

contesting nations are Count Sergius Witte and Baron Rosen for Russia, and Baron Komura and Minister Takahira for Japan.

Yellow Fever in New Orleans.—The yellow fever epidemic which

broke out in New Orleans some weeks since, continues to spread. At

the request of the state of Louisiana, the Federal government took charge of the situation. Thus far, there have been over six hundred

cases and between one and two hundred deaths. Archbishop Chapelle,

of the Catholic church, who has been laboring in the fever district, was attacked by the disease, and died on the 9th.

Foreign.—July, 1905.

Church and State in France.—Early in the month, the French

Chamber of Deputies passed the bill for the separation of church and

State in that republic, by a vote of 341 to 233. This subject has been

up for consideration for several months and has been bitterly contested.

The bill provided for the continued support of the French clergy now receiving support from the state, but allows none for their successors.

The cathedrals and churches will belong to the state, but will be leased to the congregations now worshiping in them. The bill, it is expected,

will pass the senate. A petition signed by 3,853,283 Catholics who are

apposed to the separation was presented to the French Senatorial Commission on the 16th of the month.

Lord Roberts and the British Army.—In the British House of

Lords, 10th, Lord Roberts stated that the British armed forces were absolutely unfitted and unprepared for war.

fire damp in one Colliery Explosion in Wales.—An explosion of

of the mines of the United National Colliery company at Wattstown in the Rhondda Valley, Wales, 11th, caused the. death of about 125 miners.

Tragedie A Rare Book Sold.—The fourth edition of Shakespeare's

of King Richard the Third was sold in England, on the 13th, for the sum of $8,750. The book was printed in 1605, by Thomas Creede, and was

sold by"Matthewe D. Lowe, Dwelling in Paule's Church yard at the signe

of the Fox, near St. Austin's Gate."The book contains fortysix leaves,

and has in it the signature of the elder William Penn. It is perhaps

needless to say that an American bought the book.

to assassinate Attempt to Assassinate the Sultan.—An attempt

the Sultan of Turkey, 21st, failed, although twentyfour persons were killed and fiftyseven wounded. It is supposed that the assassin who

threw a bomb at the Sultan was among those killed.

880 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Russia and her Troubles.—On the 11 th, Count Shuvalof, prefect

of police at Moscow, was assassinated while the people were presenting petitions in the audience chamber. The assassin was arrested. Riots

continue, in Lodz, Warsaw, and throughout Poland. One hundred kilograms of dynamite were found in a cellar beneath the imperial apartment in the castle near Moscow. Famine threatens northern, central and eastern Russia, due to the failure of crops and the call of all

the ablebodied men to join the army. The women in many villages

marched in bodies to the police stations and demanded that their husbands be returned to their homes. The Zemstvos congress met on the

19th, at the palace of Prince Paul Dalgorukov, son of the grand chamberlain of the imperial court. There were 284 delegates and many

leaders of the reform movement present. The chief of police, acting

under orders from General Trepov, whom the Czar has placed at the head of the police system of the empire, appeared on the scene and notified the assembled delegates that the congress was forbidden on the ground that it would promote disorder in the empire. The assembly greeted the

charge with laughter and contempt. The president of the congress,

Count Heyden, informed the chief that the Czar had on June 19 authorized the meeting. The chief then said he would seize the papers and

take the names of the delegates. Copies of the proposed constitution

were eagerly given to him, and each delegate handed him his card. Many

who were not delegates insisted that their names be included in the list.

The meeting then proceeded, and the proposed constitution was discussed and finally passed by a vote of 320 to 7. The newspapers were officially

forbidden to publish the constitution, or make any mention of the proceedings of the congress, on penalty of being suppressed; one paper, however, the Slovo, published the full transactions, and was promptly seized

and suppressed by the government. On the 14th, a Russian regiment near

Tiflis killed its officers and joined the insurgents.

August, 1905.

The Throne op Norway.—Emperor William, on the 2nd, promised

to support Prince Charles of Denmark for the throne of Norway.

Surrender to the Japanese.—On Friday, 4th, the Russian governor of Saghalin, 70 officers and 3,200 men surrendered to the Japanese.

Attempt to Assassinate a Russian Governor.—An unsuccessful

attempt was made on the 4th to assassinate M. Stolypin, governor of Sataroff, Russia. Cossacks killed a large number of strikers in the Caucasus,

and the disorders throughout the empire are unchanged.

**2******|fr**2*****|*-;*t< 'wv*.*v*.*v%*vwwvvvw%*vww

ALBERTS. REISER FREE OFFER

For 30 days irx JEWELER Will place a Piano or Organ 1II in your home, free of charge, No. 12 E. 1st South St.,

for 30 days trial on your askSalt Lake City, Utah.

ing. I Remember we sell a good Choice line of

Piano for $250.00, $10.00 cash

down,balance$8.00 per month.

WATCHES, Write us for full informa- $ttt tion. DIAMONDS, %

JEWELRY, i?—Everything Known in Music..j. CUT GLASS. 1

i SILYERWARE, OPTICAL GOODS. Carstensen &

FineiWatch and Jewelry Repairing inc. Anson Co., |

TEMPLE OF MUSIC.? Mail orders solicited.

74 Main Street, - Salt Lake City.? Bell Telephone 2640 k.

>H"I"1"I"I"1"1"I "I"I "I"I"I"I"I"I"I"I"I"I"I-II-I. AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA

t f H

i GOOD

A ComfoPtlnsuiranee | DR. J.

Policy.

J DENTIST. 4-

*- 26 S Main St., Salt Lake City.!

161 IWeighn St.

Successor to PLEASANT VALLEY:

COAL CO.

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Era.)

THE flIO GOTDE WESTER... HJ4D...

THEDE]WEKfl]WllIOGi{flJlDE

Best Itoeal Train Service in Utah.

From ten to forty minutes the fastest line between Ogden, Salt Lake City, Lehi, American Fork, Provo, Mammoth, Eureka and all points in Sanpete, Sevier and south.

3 FAST TRAINS DAILY to all Eastern points, with through sleeping and dining cars to Denver, Omaha,

Kansas City, St* Louis and Chicago.

MAGNIFICENT SCENERY EN ROUTE, j* #

For Rates, etc, enquire of Local Agent or write -".

I. A. BENTON,

General Agent, Salt Lake City.

Oreop SI?ort Cipe Railroad

Operating 1262 Miles of Railroad through the thriving States of

UTAH, IDAHO, WYOMING, OREGON and MONTANA.

THE ONLY ROHD To BUTTE, HELENA, PORTLAND, and the NORTH PACIFIC COAST

FIVE DAILY TRAINS BETWEEN SALT LAKE CITY AND OGDEN

ail Points East.The Fastest Service to

BUY YOUR TICKETS VIA THE SHORT LINE,"UTAH'S

FAVORITE RAILROAD.

Qty SkKet Offke, ffo. 201 /T\aii) Street, 3alt Cale Qty.

T. M. SCHUMACHER, Traffic Mgr. D. E. HURLEY, Gen. P. & T. A.

W. H. BANCROFT, VicePrest. and Gen. Mgr.

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Era.)

An Open Letter

To persons about to attend a High School a Normal Sctiool, or a Business College.

In the last circular issued by the Latter day Saints'University of this city, an open letter to prospective students sets forth that the institution, while organized as a university, is giving almost exclusively at* present high school instruction.

Able professors (the teaching force now numbers fifty) engaged because of their ability to gjve university courses, are now teaching high school subjects. This insures to the student that a large portion of his work shall be under exceptionally strong and scholarly

teachers. Firstclass physical, biological, and chemical laboratories;

well equipped shops for woodwork and ironwork; suite of rooms for

dining and kitchen equipment, including coal and gas ranges, for domestic science; complete dressmaking department, with sewing

machines and cutting models, in domestic arts; a fine library, reading room, etc., are strong features of this department.

The Normal work is now so thoroughly professional that special attention is called to its value and originality. The review of essentials in "common"branches by Prof. Hall, and Prest. Paul; the

arts and industrial work given respectively by Prof. Stephens (Singing) Instructors Richards (Art) Kienke and Hicks (shopwork), Milne

(physical training) Mrs. Kelly (sewing) Miss Holmgren (cooking)

Miss Bitner (oral expression); the science of education by Prof. Jensen; the training school work by Miss Edwards and Miss Paul;

these are the purely professional elements of a course confidently presented to the judgment of the friends of modern and progressive training for teachers.

The Kindergarten Normal School has in addition the use of a model Kindergarten and the services of four skilled Kindergartners who have taken courses in the best Kindergartens in the country: Mrs.

Kesler and Misses Rebecca Morris, Elmina Taylor, and Leona Taylor.

Salt Lake and L. D. S. The Combined Business Colleges—The

are without a peer in the intermountain West for thorough and rapid training in General Bookkeeping, Higher and Special Accounting, Law, Shorthand, Typewriting, Telegraphy, Penmanship and Engrossing, Rapid Calculations, English, Etc.

Publications describing.the work of the school for the present

year will be sent free to those who appj# er any or all of them, as follows:—(1) The General Catalog; (2) The Business Catalog; (3)

Illustrations; (4) Gold and Blue. J

Fall term opens Sept 11.

For School Wear

You know what a big difference a suit of clothes makes to a boy starting to school. He wants to look as

well as his companions. Well,there's

no reason why he shouldn't have what he wants. We can please him

with everything he needs—Suit,

Hats, Shoes, Shirts, Ties, Stockings, what's most importantetc.—and

these days, we can please the parents with the price they will have to pay.

We've Everything the Young Men

Need, Too.

Zlon's Gooperative Mercantile Institution.

SALT LAKE, OGDEN, PROVO, UTAH; IDAHO FALLS, IDAHO.

O000O0Oi

GOODS CO.R. K. THOPS DRY

Do you like to buy where you can feel at home, where the light is the best, where the store is warm in winter and cool in summer, where the salespeople are ready, attentive and anxious to wait on you, where the management uses its long experience in placing before you desirable merchandise at the lowest prices? Where, if you

have twentyfive cents to spend you can save your car fare, and if you have a dollar to spend you can save a quarter. We offer all this to you. Our regular customers know this; you try us too, and make your purchasing a pleasure. When you leave your dollars'at our store,

you'll be as pleased with our goods as we are in having your patronage. Where else can you find such mutual

satisfaction?

GO. K. THOPS DBY GOODS %

6769-71 Main St.

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Era.)