The llmprouenienr Ira

IN SALVAGING WASTE PAPER, boy or girl burns up energy by the minwestern school children have done a ute... energy that calls for plenty of the

magnificent job during vacation. But "basic seven"foods, wellbalanced, apnow it must continue and all of us must petizing, rich in vitamins and minerals.

help. Waste paper is the raw material for Now, more than ever, cookery must be

cartons which protect more than 700,000 war efficient. * Your economical gas range, with

items shipped overseas. Authorities say the its quick, controlled heat, enables you to

shortage is acute, the need is desperate.* save precious vitamins and minerals... as

Now our young patriots take on still more well as time and money. Gas fuel is daily

"paper work"... at school. Busy days are contributing much to wartime conservation.

ahead for them, including hard play. Your MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY

'"Sell waste paper to dealers or give it to charitable organizations. Far too much is being burned!

1 I N WAR AN D PEACESERVING UTAH AND WYOMING IK [:p

By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

A BOUT thirtyone gallons of sugarmaple sap has to be evaporated down to just one gallon to get maple syrup. The sap contains about three percent sugar and the syrup about sixtyfive

percent.

HThe children of the ancients apparently enjoyed swinging, too. There is

a small toy model of a girl in a swing which dates back to the fifteenth century

B.C. in Crete, long before the Greeks

had any influence there.

"Cor showing that: caffeine sometimes

* causes stomach ulcers in susceptible persons, Drs. J. A. Roth, A. C. Ivy, and

A. J. Atkinson of Northwestern University have been awarded a bronze

medal by the American Medical Association.

/Vver ten thousand people now use an - artificial larynx instead of their own voice box. It is inserted in the throat

below the voice box.

HPhe use of electric heat in the pens of new litters of pigs in some Indiana experiments reduced the death losses in the first ten days by one third. The supplemental heat was supplied by an electric flood lamp, an electric bulb with reflector, and an electric underheat unit

in various tests.

HPo take the place of dental drilling points made from wartime scarce Bargainsteel, diamondpointed drills have been A developed by the United States Public

Health Service. Although the diamonddust-covered drills cost five dollars inin Food Value

stead of five cents, they will last from Wartime food rationing and scarcities six to eight years instead of three to have taught people to seek food items four cavities and cut through the hard that provide greatest nutritive value. Irenamel surface quicker. The steel drill radiated Sego Milk meets that requireis faster in the dentine core of the tooth. ment—it is an extraordinary bargain in

food value. Here's why:

plants in process the of growthCome Concentrated to approximately double substances organic produce which in richness, pure, Irradiated Sego Milk is interfere plant's furthertime the with growth and may interfere with other whole cows'milk containing all the milk plants'growing in that soil. The effect food substances any milk can provide. It

seems to depend greatly on the type of is homogenized to make it more easily soil, but the effect of these toxic subdigested. It is irradiated to enrich it with

stances may be very great, such as the extra vitamin D for protection to bones selfpoisoning of peach trees in certain and teeth. Sterilized in sealed cans it is

parts of California. surely safe always. It costs less generally4:—. than ordinary milk.

A remarkable fall of one and one ** third inches in the barometer readSegd Milk Products Company ing within twenty minutes was recorded Originator of Evaporated Milk on the 5. 5. Virginia, September 20,

1933, when it passed through the center in the Intermountain West of a hurricane in the Caribbean Sea. Plants at Richmond, Utah; Preston and Buhl, Idaho

(Concluded on page 587) OCTOBER, 1944 585 Jke Lcover IKadio Jvouf evening Sunday of time harvest The The of program ImrovStemt KSL indithe year is an "THE GLORY OF GOD IS INTELLIGENCE "Era I is the Church now well of cation a year spent, when bins and mtmtm mm mm mt rfflfc mm ifw iflfflr mu ff mW mt m\ iJLWEJK i mmtmmammmmmmtKmti'mmmtlmmmmmmimm mmmmWk heard at 9:00 p.m. t

cupboards are well M'W.T., fifteen minstocked, and the comOCTOBER, 1944 VOLUME 47, NO. 10 viously.utes earlierThethanseriespreis ing of winter means

that more than ever the "THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"currently featuring home becomes the cenOfficial Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, Mutual Improvement Elder Joseph Fielding ter of activity and comAssociations, Department of Education, Music Committee, Ward Smith of the Council fort. Security and hapTeachers, and Other Agencies of the Church of Jesus Christ of of the Twelve who is

piness radiate from this Latterday Saints speaking on the cover, the photographgeneral subject, "The ic work of Jeano Restoration of All

Orlando as arranged Things."

by Charles Jacobsen.

\Jke (Ldltord raqe ovemberber (L-nC—ra n J. Grant 595 to presAccording Lkurck of the Against Discouragement... Heber ent plans, the November issue of the

Lkurck /eatured Era will carry the adEzra T. Benson of Along the Early Trails of Brigham Young Authoritiesdresses of thewhichGeneralwill

the Council of the.........John A. Widtsoe 596 be given at the 115th

Twelve will deliver the All That Counts is the Shine... Marvin O. Ashton 600 semiannual conferthe of adAir Church ence, 6 Evidences Reconciliations; October from and is the LXXXV—What in dress connection inclusive. 8, to 1944, of Meaning 613 "Hot Drinks"? John A. Widtsoe 11 the with 5th semiin- the of Because

604 Welfare 614 Melchizedek conference, annual on Church size creased of the 615 LiquorTobacco Column morning, No Sunday OcChurch The involving magazine,. Aaronic 617 tober 8, 11 1944, at a.m. press runs, longer the Mutual Messages Moves On—Scout 606 Teaching 618 Ward Mountain Time. War will magazine someLeaders be Achieve

. 608 Genealogy 616 will broadcast be This in late reaching what Priesthood Music 619 heard staover CBS subscribers.

tions, at 1 o'clock EastThe Seventy 602 Primary Activity..627

Time, ern War 12 * o'clock Central War

Time, and 10 o'clock special jreattlured Change of Address:

Pacific Time. The War Fifteen days'notice reMormon Life Story of Winters Augusta subject A he has Wife—The quired for change of adis, Grant "America Grant Mary Judd 598 A chosen—dress. ordering o When Choice Land."Latterday Loyal Clark Savage A change, include please Saint—Luacine

- Leah D. Widtsoe 601 stencil impression from a

. recent issue of the magazine. Address changes 602 * Obedience to the Laws of God '..-...'...Leviis Liberty Edgar Young

unless be made Achievement 604 cannotthe old well address as as

Editors Factions Apostate Following of the Martyrdom Joseph is'the included. one new

J. Heber Grant the "Hedrickites"Smith—Part and E. Page VI—John

Editorial Executive and A. John Widtsoe E. Cecil 609 McGavin Offices:

Managing Editor The Spoken Word from Temple Square... 50 North Main Street,

Richard L. Evans Richard L. Evans 610 Salt Lake City 1, Utah.

Exploring the Universe, FrankHoming Copyright 1944 by MuAssociate Editors lin S. Harris, Jr 585 Are We Educating Them? tual Funds, Inc., a CorMarba C. Josephson Telefacts 587 Elinor Scoville. 620 poration of the Young

....621 William Mulder Corner Cook's Men's ImproveMutual Trees, Partnership with Fran622 Hints Handy Association of the ment.....590 ces Hall General Manager 623 from Camps News of Christ of Jesus Church

Island, of Easter Masonry Morris The George Q. 624 Books Saints. Latterday All

Charles E. Dibble 594 Poetry Contest...629 rights reserved. SubscripAssociate Manager Scout Leaders Achieve 608 Your Page and Ours...640 tion price, $2.00 a year,

Lucy G. Cannon in advance; 20c single

copy.

Business Manager (.ditoriald Entered at the Post

John D. Giles Conference Notice 612 Office,Utah, asSalt secondciassLake City,

Kindliness Marba C. Josephson 612 matter. Acceptance for National Advertising

Representatives mailing at special rote of postage provided for in

, Francis Jtoried, M. Mayo, section 1103, Act of Oc- j-oetmy Salt City Lake tober, authorized 1917,

..Janie for Bright Price Born Wings, 605 July 1918. 2, S. Townsend, Edward

Defiance, L. Mitchell ThornPoems: Era The Improvement Francisco San and

the Free, ton 609 are Mabel These is not for responsible unLos Angeles 603 Tomato, Diminuendo Jones Gabbott Con solicited manuscripts, but

Bolle,....623 and Dougan B. Farnsworth 588 Dean Poetry contributions. welcomes

Chicago of and the Palms, Frontispiece: Svmphony Corn, Gene RoAll manuscripts >.""must be 593Milton 623 New York A. molo Judd

accompanied by suffiMember, Audit Bureau of cient postage for delivery

Circulations and return.

CIRCULATION FOR THIS ISSUE: 92,000

586 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FACTS ABOUT FATAL ACCIDENTS

f All % tional Deaths Occupa- %Workersof Total AllAverageIndustry

25* 16*.015+

11* 2*.05+

18% 33%.005+

Compiled into a graph by John Henry Evans, Jr., from

statistics in JulyAugust Farm Safety Review

JDuy your coal EXPLORING THE UNIVERSE NOW if you are planning {Concluded from page 585) fibers with a thin film of submicroscopic

HThe ancient Greeks and Romans used sand grains. Snagged threads won't slip, on using this vitally im-

A honey in the place of sugar in their keeping runners out of stockings.

domestic economy. The expedition of 4 portant fuel during the

potatoes treated Ceed with seven theAlexander to and Great India in 327 onehalf to thirtyB.C., finding percent a type of re- *-* ethylene sugar cane, Fall and Winter months.

ported a remarkable reed which furgas for twentyfour hours at 65 F.

nished a sort of honey without the internearly doubles the yield and increases vention of bees. the vitamin C content, according to tAt Remember, there is a

4 German experiments. Russians have

that found a weeks'two treatment of in shortage -power man in distilling oilExperiments from fruit trees in tents with butylene gas - shale by electrical heating are being fruit helps to in ripen time for harvest in the mines, industry is detried in Sweden. localities short with growing seasons.4

. 4 manding more more and Arctic does set not forHThe moon two parasites in animals in XTTorm range A each weeks at the month North length, full grown, when from a fuel for increased producPole. small fraction of inch an feet to several

1+ long. They can their in around move tion, the railroads are and stockings"Dunproof nonshiny and host's to attach body and themselves areAX - serge are possibilities of'two the often equipped with spines, hooks, at operating to capacity syton process fornew coating cloth or teeth, or suckers.

supply the needs of the Armed Forces. TEtEFACT WHY U. S. WHEAT ACREAGE IS BEING INCREASED Western Pacific joins

with Utah and Colorado YEAR ENDING CONSUMPTION CARRYOVER 30 JUNE coal mining companies 193340 Qi! (AVERAGE) in urging you to place 999 3 1943 your orders for coal NOW. QQQQO Q QQ

ji 1944 Qi;

(EST.) QQ Q Q

Each symbol represents 200 million bushels

PlCTOGRAPH CORPORATION. WESTERN PACIFIC

OCTOBER, 1944 587 jy "nr* Tr r w r wjr AUTUMN ODORS JERRY By Thelma Ireland By Nell Cox love the smell of autumn; Sure, we know Jerry, the neighborhood

I Bonfires of burning leaves. tease

Apple butter cooking (Aunt Nell remembers who picked her

A spicy bouquet weaves. sweet peas

Mustard pickle perfume And remembering now wipes a tear from

With that of relish vies. her eye

Smells of simmering mincemeat For Jerry no longer goes whistling by.)

Mingles with the pumpkin pies. Away down in Texas in a big army camp

Chili sauce and chowchow He's being taught discipline, the mischievous incense make heady A with the odors scamp—Jerry. merges That

Of the spicy, dark fruit cake. Tall and goodnatured; ever ready to dare,

Cider from the orchard Quick in his anger when a cause is unfair,

And sorghum from the mill Abhoring deceit, trickery, lies

Of autumn's rich aromas With quiet scorn for all that true soldiers

I can never get my fill. despise.

Willing to give his life's blood if he must

In the fight for the right—for a cause that

is just—Jerry. World's Grand Prize at Paris International OCTOBER

grand six world's Exposition, one of Mitchell Thornton 1928, Lalia By his in faith and a song on his Maker With the makers medals awarded prizes gold and lips, is is fickle pril coy and June

J. Chocolates. McDonald's ol Mrs. C.

lift to his a shoulders swing to his and like struts a braggart boy; A August And

But gay October has right to boast hips.

Demanding plaudit and cheer and toast There isn't a neighbor but would think it a

With summer caught in her garment's hem treat 7\nd autumn worn like a diadem. To see Jerry Wilkins stride down the street.

No robins sing in her crimson trees; Just our neighborhood kid, but on his last

S'ie has no humming of honey bees; leave

With crickets lifting their tuneful lays, Jerry the tease had stripes on his sleeve

Hers are the glad and the gleeful days. Jerry.

The world's highest awards for AndMarchMayis ahasboaster,alwaysboldbeenandcalledrude,a prude. HisHis mother'sletters howengravedbrief, witheachmessageone on herso short,heart,

finest quality chocolates have But blithe October has dancing toes "Hope I'm seeing you soon."How she longs

With a flame of sun, and a fleck of snows, for just that, six times been bestowed on the And nothing to do the whole day long To hear him teasingly call her, "Old Mrs.

t Fat."learning to fight the FockeWolfe and makers of Mrs. J. G. McDonald's ButThe listenharvestthe gathered,wind and andits whistledon the song.fence He's

fruit dispense. their clusters in grapes Zero, Chocolates. World's grand prizThe

cheer, for joy and is the month the tease is our neighborhood hero For Jerry Oh this es and gold medals have come The jubilant queen of all the year.—our Jerry.

to this name famous for chocolates at international expositions CANYON CALL AUTUMN NIGHT at Seattle, Nice, London, Liege, By Lisbeth Wallis By Gilean Douglas

Padova and Paris. You,night,who have heard a canyon's voice at HERE are tall poplars latticing the moon

Shall hear a canyon's voice forever And pungent fields fullstretched in calling, autumn sleep, In our 84th year of quality chocShall hear a wild bird heralding its flight, While, heap on blazing heap, olate manufacture, we exercise Shalling. hear the silver sound of water fallThe ishcracklingsoon leaves burn bright; then vanthe same high skill that has You shall remember, too, wind over snow, To drift in fragrance on this night which lies

And lonely spruces crying out in pity. So tenderly across our weary eyes.

made the name "Mrs. J. G. McYou, who have heard a canyon's voice must

know it will seek you out in any city. Donald synonymous with highThat

est quality in chocolates the For though you walk an aging, alien street world around. Within the shadow of- a friendless build-

A memorying, will follow, swift and sweet,

Of whitened cliffs a morning sun is gilding.

It smgs a song wherever you may be;

You cannot love a canyon... and go

Mrs. J. G. McDonald free.

NO ENCORE Chocolate Company By Lucretia Penny

Salt Lake City, Utah M disillusioned again, and because

I I'd too much faith in the power of apOwned and Operated by I everplause.so loudly applauded fall

But she wouldn't come back for a curtain

Mrs. J. G. McDonald and R. Neal McDonald call.

5S8 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA HE LEFT LAST NIGHT By Ivie Huish Jones The Master Craftsmen of Wool O'The West

left last night,HEAmid a mass of khaki shirts;And when his face had blended with the rest, present the Beautiful 100% Virgin Wool

I still could feel a numbness from the kiss

So like the ones I used to press upon his brow.

Lord, keep him strong, I pray,

His country needs him now.

Because I love him so, I merely smiled and stroked his hair.

'Twas well my voice was mute, and tears were dry; I could not chance the quiver of a word,

Nor let the memory of a moistened cheek

Distort his faith in Thee or me,

And make him weak.

I shall not be afraid, Because he knows the purposes of life

From whence he came,—to what he may

aspire; But should.he falter with the weight of war,

Lonely at dusk, within a foreign land,

Lean down, dear Lord, I pray, Lean down and stay his hand.

PRAYER

By Christie Lund Coles GOD, let me be a man Brave enough to do My duty... and go beyond

That duty too;

Let me be unafraid Yet let me not be Unmercifully cruel, For cruelty Is the final mark Of all we hate, All we are trying To obliterate.

God, let me be a man, And never for a moment, less, A man who does his part Without bitterness.

What good a war won Or a world free Our featured civilian blanket... the 100%

If disillusion comes virgin wool Vogue! Its quality, workmanship victory,With

If men have lost belief and beauty carries on our skilled workers'

In the magnitude Of simple things, tradition for looming fine blankets—the same

Or the eternal good. excellence in production which won for

safelyLet through come me soldier... let.,man!. Wool O'the West the coveied ArmyNavy "E"be a goodLet me if meI canbe a

award. Good stores everywhere are now

showing these Vogue blanket masterpieces

WITH MY HEART IN A SPLINT in four pleasing colors: Blue, Peach, Green

and Dusty Rose. Lovers of jacquard patterns:

By Edna S. Dustin 5 Ask to see the new Wool O the West

I gathered fractured 7V LONE, up my heart; NETHERLANDS blanket.-** I fit in Bewildered, each jagged end,

My salty tears cleansing each bleeding part.

I wondered how this pulsing wound could mend, Holding all the memories it had kept.

I placed the splint around it carefully;

I said, "All fractures heal,"but still I wept,

And faced each orchid east with agony.

West'Fabrics. ask O'the For finest you *Woo/ your dealer to show women's wear,With smiles, I mask my pain—and I'm surCalif. distributed Los Angeles, Styled prised Blumberg in Hollywood and by M. & Co.,

How unperturbed I laugh in another's eyes.

I will heart and more weep noMy together, PORTLAND WOOLEN MILLS PORTLAND 3, OREGON If fractures are barometers of weather.

OCTOBER, 1944 589.

PARTNERSHIP with Jme6 has talked often about his afNat So Long Manfection for trees: "O woodman, By FRANCES HALL

spare that tree"—"I think that

Ago.. tree"I shall—neverbut nowheresee a poemdoes lovelyhis dependas a Better for lowgrowing fields of vegeence upon their leafy loveliness betray tables, however, are the silver smoke

our young men going to war itself more clearly than it does upon trees, graceful as curled ostrich plumes, the desert. There in the thirsty wilderand delicately tinged with opal coloring,

found Brigham Young Uniness they wage in many ways a joint like clouds in a stormy sunset. For

battle for their common sustenance. miles across level fields stretch these versity making the necessary Of course it is a special kind of tree, angled rows of palm rooms that shield

growth. tender that can the as well as a special kind of man adjustments in its program to in this conquering of partner Third disflourish the desert's spartan under

equip them adequately for cipline. There are both tropic heat and the desert is the palo verde tree. Wiry

bitter cold to be endured; and there are big brother to blossoming yellow broom,

their new tasks. tremendous winds and sudden floods its exceptional root system holds sandy

which must be bowed to pliantly until soil together against swift torrents the storms are past. Both tree and man which pour down after cloudbursts in

the cutting roads the mountains, away resilient, patient, slowgrowing, beAs Returning Veterans must cost the harvests have which and man stubthe desert's rich, to through to win these same young men find theybornlycanyieldedmanageabundance;it if they havebut togetherthe will. sofore,muchhavingtoil inlearnedthis lonelywell howland. toTheremake

that Brigham Young UniverIn the first place, trees are man's paloa partnerverdeofagainstthe trees,the manbastionsplantsof thehis his culverts, wherbridges and beside sity has already made the diviningever a littlerod inclumpthis sandyof theirworld.greenWhertops it to fight the destructive ever he needs

welldig- land, the the tawny shows on flood. preparations to necessary

trade. his profitably ply ger Whermay cherishes in the tree man One other

flourish, too, trees ever man, may help them take their proper expect desert, waterconsuming each where another or be thing must in one way place in a new civilian life. to Then,make aonceliving.his home is established, it fluid consumes: the precious worth

trees help the desert farmer in many the tall poplar whose yellow leaves in

WHATEVER HIS PRESENT ways. Not only may he plant certain autumn stir the beautyloving heart and fruit trees profitably—such as dates, burn on the wide landscape so that a

NEEDS,and regardless of oranges, lemons, grapefruit, and pometraveler in those vast stretches may count on the he may that of habitation, place there is a coknow trees desert sturdy his previous training, the regranates—butoperation of three field, in the farthest the worker so that

sunset, it at turning toward may know turning service man will find inathel,his orbattletamarisk,againstwillthespreadelements.its thickThe is firelight food. hot that there and The

it to his advantage to congreen fronds above his roof to mitigate yellow poplar on the desert is man's the heat of the sun and develop quickly loved partner, for it is his symbol of tinue his education at a stout hedge around his fields to prehome.

vent his young crops from being

POPLARS by Willard Lace—Photograph Brigham Young blighted by winds and stinging sands. MORMON

University PROVO, UTAH AUTUMN QUARTER instruction begins OCTOBER 3 WeMUSICcarry large stocks o! music suitable for

churches, schools and home use, arranged for vocal and instrumental solos, choirs, bands and orchestras. We specialize in L. D. S. Church

music. Write to us for suggestions and material available.

Dealers in Steinway and Lester pianos, band and orchestra instruments, talking machines, records and musicians'supplies.

DAYNES MUSIC CO.

47 So. Main St. Salt Lake City 1

590 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ****** fc

On the other hand Safeway's In some cases, Safeway's streamlined opermanpower-saving "invention"powerations requiredactually byuse lesslessefficientthan halfwaystheof manfood distribution. Such Safeway manpower -savreally works for farmers ings have helped make more men available

to America's manpower pool from which farmers must draw.

You've probably heard of distribution Incidentally, Safeway has made another without waste... the Safeway "invensaving in manpower by using women in place

possible. the Before war, of wherever men tion"years born twentyeight ago when

of all employees over men. were Safeway 90% people started on to improve we Safeway of than Today, Safeway manpower more 30%

old ways of getting goods to the consumer. has been replaced by womanpower.

This Safeway "invention"has worked to the farmer's advantage in more ways than one. It has cut out needless expenses

and "waste motion"inbetween the farm SAFEWAY and the housewife. Our more efficient the neighborhood

Safeway method has helped increase the grocery stores farmer's share of the consumer's dollar.

It has boosted consumption. And it has

onethird store P.S. Nearly of all Safeway to offered savings j [ f i are.invite you customers farm folk. We

consumers. trade with us for one full month... and comto

Especially important pare what you save. In war or peace, everyduring the war years, body benefits on the straightest possible road

the Safeway method to market.

also saves manpower.

* Plant more dollars into War Bonds I *

OCTOBER, 1944 591 BELIEVE?WHAT DO PEOPLE

What do Yur Catholic neighbors believe?

What was the beginning of the Church of England?

What does Mormonism offer that other churches do not?

HIS MANY MANSIONS, by Rulon S.

Howells, brings into one volume a

concise, understandable survey of

thirteen leading Christian churches—their beliefs... administrative organizations... histories. A unique

feature of the book is its doctrinal

chart. Beliefs of the different churches may be compared at a glance.

The book is authoritative—qualified

representatives of the various

churches having cooperated in its preparation. The entire work is the

result of long and intensive study.

For a deeper appreciation of your

HIS MANY MANSIONS, by Rulon S. Howells—the beliefs,

own church, read this new, outstandorganizations, and histories of leading Christian denominaing book. tions, including the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Saints.

CD. BD ORDER NOW: THE DKCRAFT EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIAStreet, 18 Richards Salt Lake City 1, Utah

Dr. A. John Widtsoe—Inby TIONS of $1.25 the Signs Times below: checked the books send Please seeking earnestly are quiring minds Fielding Smith By Joseph enclosed. order check or money $1.25 to Perfection Way this to in questions the answers new C.O.D. send Please Fielding Smith By Joseph

$2.25 Dr. here of adjustments. Widtsoe Mansions $2.00 His day Many Race Covenant God's

S. Howells Rulon By H. Anderson James By particularvital problems, discusses $1.85 Reconciliations and Evidences $2.00 Great Answer The

. ly affect youth. second The Widtsoe A. as they Dr. John By Lee Margaret By Runbeck

$2.25 ProphetStatesman Smith: $3.00 Joseph Apostle The is of this edition important book now Durham Dr. G. Homer By Sholem Asch By $1.85. Price, distribution. for $2.25 ready Kingdom Gospel $3.50 Lincoln Abraham

Taylor John By By James Dougherty

F. Joseph $3.00 The Life of Smith...$2.50 Burma Surgeon

Smith Fielding S. Joseph By Seagrave, M.D. By Gordon

$3.00 Colonizer the $2.75 Young Brigham Thunderhead U

R. Hunter Dr. Milton By O'Hara By Mary

$1.50 Always This and $2.75 Long, Day Long Ago SMITH: PROPHETSTATES-

L. Evans Richard Woollcott By Alexander By Dr. G. The Durham. Homer $2.00 Pioneers. of the Story Mormon MAN—byJOSEPH The I $2.00 See Wanted

S... Harmer Mabel By of the greatness Smith Joseph Borghild Byto Dahl $2.50 Saint The Gay G his of practeachings $2.00 and. wisdom Traveler's Candle Bailey Paul By

Florence Updegraff By Maude California the and tices Brannan government concerning Sam and $1.75 Mormons things human relationships—these Bailey Paul By Name $2.50 Glory This increasing For as importance assume My we D Bailey Paul By is the years. across them Here view $1-50 Hills the Unto Address vital L. to of the solution Evans Richard guide a By many

postwar problems. Price, $2.25. Gospel StandardsBy Heber J. Grant $2.25

In the Gospel Net $1.25

By Dr. John A. Widtsoe Your orders will receive prompt attention. i

592 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Photograph by N. A. Oberlin

Dm Ljene /\omoto

ry kernels ripened by a past year's sun

Are dropped into the furrow's gaping mouth

And covered over, blanketlike, with loam.

When rain has given drink, and summer's warmth

Has touched and wakened each small sleeping germ,

Life will speak once more through growing corn.

When the hours give less of light today,

And skies blush with the autumn's afterglow,

The green corn turned to gold is gathered in.

Many hopes can bloom and many die

Between the planting and the harvest time.

But life goes on from green corn to the seed,

From seed to green corn and to seed again;

It matters not how poignant the heart's pain.

OCTOBER, 1944 593

r vlasonm of DL\e EASTER ISLAND

By DR. CHARLES E. DIBBLE

Easter Island is located about 2,500 miles west of Chile. Although not

too distant from South America, it still belongs geographically to the South

Sea Islands and forms the eastern angle of the Polynesian triangle: Hawaii,

New Zealand, and Easter Island. The

island is so named because the first

European to view it was a Dutch admiral, who arrived on Easter Day.

The island is singularized by the hundreds of mammoth stone statues which dot its fiftysquare-mile surface: the

handiwork of some ancient people.

These stone images, representing only the upper half of the body, are from ten to twenty feet in height. Originally these

Well, Miss Inquisitive, we weren't talking to you, STANDING STATUES ON EXTERIOR OF RANO

SIZE BURIAL. PARTIAL SHOWING RARAKU,

IN CONTRAST TO STATUES really. We were telling your Mother about OF CAN BE JUDGED

FelsNaptha Soap... but you can listen too. MAN AND HORSE IN LEFT FOREGROUND.

elaborately ma* an surmounted We were just reminding Mother that you'll soon giants the dead terrace in which sonried be big enough to toddle around and get into were interred. Each statue, Ahu,

things'. You'll need a complete change of cosstood as a guardian of the deceased.

Mrs. S. Routledge, a visitor at the bethat's when ginning of the century, wrote tume often—on short notice. And

she'll need FelsNaptha Soap The stone giants, and the faithful dead over whom they watch, are never without

She'll need it to get your washing done in music, as countless waves launch their strength against the pebbled shore, shower- a jiffy. To get all the dirt out without ing on the figures a cloud of mist and spray.

rubbing your little dresses into rags. Without exception the ancient Ahu

To get them so white you look -sweet have been tumbled from their masonried enough to eat'pedestalsscattered tofragmentsrest partlyoverburiedthe island.or in

Some of them are buried face down and

Does she have to use FelsNaptha others, slightly tilted, look out to sea

Soap? No, but if she takes the from the gentle mountain slopes. The

mystery of Easter Island is not: why

advice of a lot of Mothers were these statues made? but rather,

we know she will! who were the skilled craftsmen who

fashioned them? They give every evidence of being the work of a skilled

material.FELSNAPTHA SOAPbanishesTattle-Tale Gray"'people, artistic masters of form and

594 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA faaindt <=dJiiScoitraaemen t 9 f

By PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT

>/here is nothing like looking after people. It is just

the same in the gospel as it is in business. If a man does not look after his trade,

it is sure to go from him. We must look after the people no matter where they

may go if we hope to keep them in the line of their duty; and the love that a man

feels for a person who was the instrument in the hands of the Lord in bringing him into the Church, or in helping to keep him in the line of his duty, is very great.

But sometimes all of us become discouraged and wonder if our efforts are worth while; and wonder if our lives are counting for anything, in terms of

doing good to ourselves or to others. At such times we can rest assured that

when we do that which makes good men happy, we are doing that which will be pleasing to the Lord. You can know that the Lord is pleased with your

labors when your brethren who are doing right, are pleased. It is the adversary of men's souls who tries to impress us with the idea that we are not

doing any good and that our lives are of little or no value. Any person is

living in a manner to please and satisfy the Lord if he is doing good and keeping from sin, as this is the way that he can come back and live forever with the

Lord; and as we appreciate the pleasure we have in the society of those we

love, we can form some idea of the joy our Father in heaven has in his children doing good so they will always dwell with him.

I am well aware of these feelings of discouragement and doubt that we all have at times concerning ourselves, as I have had such feelings more than once in my life; the adversary tried to get me to refuse to be an apostle because of a feeling I had that I was not good enough. And one of the big things

that he has to work on is the fact that we are all poor, weak mortals and fully appreciate our own weakness, and he tries to take advantage of our knowledge on this point to inspire us with the idea tha.t we are no good and what

we are doing is not worth the time that we are taking to do it. But we can be

assured that if we press on in the little duties which are from day to day resting on us, we will be on hand for greater ones, when, in the kind providences of the Lord, there will come to us greater work to do in the interests of his work.

Money is as nothing in comparison with the joy we have in seeing those we love doing the things which we know will cause them to gain a place in the kingdom of the Lord in the world to come. Eternal union and friendship

and happiness is what I want for myself and for all good men; and we must

all persist in the hope and effort to be able so to live that we can get this and assist others to do the same.

Jke (Ldito/d faae OCTOBER, 1944 595 tL EARLY TRAILS -JL9

of BRIGHAM YOUNG TheYoungreportedhad beendiscoursesmy readingof Brighamover a long period of time. I had learned

how to know the mighty spirit of the man as he was in maturity. But, of his

early life before he joined the Church he said very little. I was curious to

know whether the youth foreshadowed the man. So, to satisfy this curiosity, I

set out in the spring of 1920 to become better acquainted with Brigham Young, the youth and young man. With the

help of Willard Bean, then curator of in N.Y.,the Palmyra, Smith Home BUILT LEFT: BY PARTLY HOUSE AT MENDON in inquired I City, 1869, about Brigham RIGHT: YOUNG'S BRIGHAM YOUNG. BRIGHAM the search.began

BYRON, COUNTY, PORT AT CAYUGA HOME house, remarked, "Squire and Brown's"

IN BASEMENT.) YORK. SHOP (CARPENTER into Fortunately, to his baptism NEW up "I journeyas a house on that worked

of Latterdaythe Christ of Jesus Church building they carpenter, were when man mill the family, grandchildren of owner a Saints, within Brigham moved Young it, that the time about emsame I was

L. Hayden, of day; also Hal territory, Brigham's limited miles or fewer seventy at the Seminary."Theological ployed

peofamily. mill good the in* These of old length, Therenarrower. and much (F. at Seward, WashingSeward W. stories early of to tell ple fore, long. had not the trail many was State, ton Secretary as Senator and of in the lived Brigham days, Young died about when mother Brigham Young's of the p. HO.) one was Mr. Brown

neighborhood. fourteen years the 1815, was when boy of charter Theomembers the Auburn

the parlor center table of living the in old. then Under family was The fine logical the of Seminary. Much

ball, oldtype iron a large cannon lay County,Sherburne, Chenango New is to credited on this mansion work

York, not far from Auburn, New York. Brigham Young's skill and care. While which became the center of a story

Soon afterwards Brigham was sent to he worked for Mr. Brown, he again disabout Brigham Young. This cannon

learn a trade. Just where he had his first played his versatility, for he laid out ball had been carried by one of Brigsol-training is not known, but probably in and planted an asparagus bed, which ham's uncles, a Revolutionary War

th,e the battlefields. Brigof upon from one of Auburn, neighborhod still producing a crop thirty years dier, one was

of it, possession secured small mills were ham,of the had streams, where who later.

it laid the utilizing great store took with power. it, and the water by From this time, about in his "twentyIt was

it in the to evidence, appears available he leftscanty work when home year,"that serious him second he "became likely that some of Brigham Young's and religiously inclined,"and joined the mill.

training was obtained in the home and Methodist Church. All in all, Brigham The mill made wooden articles, chiefmill of James Wadsworth, living near Young, during his Auburn days, was ly tubs and buckets, sold far and wide

Auburn, in a scythemaker from Massaheld high repute, chusetts. as a young man of toticles,pioneerespeciallyhomes.thoseManyto beof subjectedthese arability character. high and

Brigham Young seems to have been a to the weather, were painted or stained.

handy young man, for it is reported that Coon after helping to build Mr. The paint chiefly used was made from

in 1819, when he was eighteen years '"-'Brown's house, Brigham Young was red iron ore (red ochre) pulverized at old, he grafted an orchard for Mr. employed at Hayden's Mills, on the the mill, and mixed with oil. There were

Wadsworth. It is a tradition of the Owasco Outlet, near Port Byron. Some no readymade paints available in those

Wadsworth family that the years that evidence points to employment there, frontier days. The ore was crushed and

Brigham Young lived with the Wadsseveral years earlier. By way of Aupowdered by hand with a pestle in a

worth family, he was energetic, active, burn I followed the splendid road along large iron mortar. This work required

and capable. (David M. Dunning, The the river to Hayden's Mills. The originmuch time, without uniform results.

Desetet News, Oct. 2, 1926.) al mill was burned many years ago.

Upon his own testimony, Brigham There I found the hospitable Weston /\ne day Brigham, who seemed to beYoung worked in the city of Auburn well liked by the mill owner, a Mr.

about 1823. At that time William WHITINGHAM WHERE BRIGHAM YOUNG WAS Parks, asked for a day off to make an

THE PROPERTY STANDS ON MAN "a built a BORN. prominentBrown, man,"in the procimprovement paintmaking

BY YOUNG. BRIGHAM JOHN OWNED WAS still standing.house, Governor rebuffs the request ess. After some When was IN PROBABLY LONGER A HOUSE BORN NO

WITH AWilliam H. Seward visited Salt Lake STANDING, BUT MARKER, ON A HILL granted. Brigham made a turntable conRIGHT. THE TO

596 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

fire from lightning, his quick organization of a fire brigade saved the building.

When the housekeeper rebelled against

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE having to carry water for culinary purposes from a spring forty rods distant,

Brigham Young dug a well, which still its the serves house, purpose, near and mill, of cottage, the to which a but neat modest the with waternected power to unsuitelevation declared an be on bride, his the brought this iron table placed Brigham rotating he YoungOn into able. the another he time dived At leaning angle to have at said Angeline mortar, but Miriam an Works, orpot

lost millrace the secure to of a body in mill relative side. the of owner. he placed a to been Thesharply one Then

child. a to reputed be drowned was He in buildthat story toof used, the the ore did goes hethe mortar much some In reader. sogreat Bible the debating

little ball. ing half the his of story a cherished with cannongether and

cieties that of he fame much day won sixteen house, the on, twentyfour about turned the by was powerWhen skill. his for displayed good common He

it. it is feet. further, that related the rotated, the mortar And,table But with

sense. inventor explained the an When all up, ball spruced inside day, Brigham, one the at mortar, everycannon

of merits perpetual a machine, motion of age, twentythree drove then inclined years siderotation, climbed the up pointed to basket Brigham a Young mill fell s spankwith the mortar, then theof with a owner away thump standing near, merely remarked, and to the ing best the the wagon, of teamto and mortar, crushing bottom consternation of "When one of you will get into that flight basket himself carry that and up mill the owner's

I it stairs, will believe of possible to wife. husThe

ideas."carry out your (William Haymerely band

smiled. He liked den,Association,Paper beforeThe DeseretCayugaNews,HistoricalDec. the. promising,

helpful young 20, 1913.)

man, and had At the time Brigham worked in the

OTlonroe County CountyIPALMYRA sion.given Late'permisin the millCanalandwasin thebeingneighborhood,constructed. theIt Eriewas

formally i opened 26, October 1825. BrigBYRON afternoon, PORT broken 4, (Ground 1817.) July Busireturned ham + 4VBUR.N line. its sprang Little up along set- l*AUR.ELJUS with and ness team

buggy, and his tlements on the banks of the canal bebride by his came, almost overnight, little centers of

County. SHERBURN drivenside. toHea placehad industry and thriving business.

Chenando now grown to young mancalled Half- "Drigham,..County: looking hood, and the fuacre, towards in Aurelius

township ( townture, left the mill section and settled in ships locally Port Byron, only a mile or two from the called towns ) mill. First he was employed in the boatCayuga Counyard as foreman; then he set up his own

ty, where the business as a "painter, glazier and carpenter."ceremarriage The word "Port"indicatedhJLeniral Portion oflheShh ofJfewYorlQ—that the village a shipping was been point had mony on—Drawn by Nelson White

the canal, Port and performed. claimed Byron a corthe ore. It worked perfectly. A fine In the Owasco Outlet, in the neighborresponding respect from all people.

powder ready for mixing with oil rehood of Hayden's Mills, where Brigham So, after the happy visit to the mill sulted. The time of the pestlers was appeared to have worked for himself and its generous representatives, I drove

saved by the device, and a more uniform and for the mill until he was about to Port Byron. The canal has long since

powder was obtained. Naturally, the twentyfive years of age, the old timers surrendered its preeminence to the railmill owner was pleased. had many friendly stories to tell of the road. The town is not the bustling place

So I learned first of all that Brigham youth who was later to achieve worldit once was, yet remains a worthy repYoung had a head even as a young man, wide distinction. He was held in high resentative of the communities out of

and that he used it. To use one's head respect by all. which flows much of the strength of

practice for America.is good wishes anyone who Several authenticated stories Brigof

in life.to succeed first I stopped I the met man and Young's years at ham Mills Hayden's

ball parlor the cannon was The asked, "Did Brigham live in this Young available. are the factory caught When eighteentable years not was town?''"Yes,"came later—andunder the prompt ansale. for millthen owner's descendThe swer. tell I "Can you where find me can THE "SQUIRE HOUSE, BROWN"alsoants traditions. clung to family AUthe in home which lived?"ReLEFT:BURN, he YORK, BUILT PARTLY BRIGBY NEW To my

itcently has to sold YOUNG; CENTER: been HAM a descendant OLD MENIN BARN astonishment friend my new answered, DON, YORK, USED AS MEETINGHOUSE NEWof Brigham Young. it's in "Yes, I Nauvoo."IN WHICH METHODISTS knew BRIGHAM Nauvoo AND

far the fine PREACHED; from RIGHT: YOUNG old dwelling HOUSE Not TO WHICH only as a city in the state Illinois. of BRIGHAM HIS WIFE, YOUNG MIRIAM TOOK the ofhouse people mill owner's stands (Continued on page MILLS). 637) (HAYDEN'S WORKS

OCTOBER, 1944 597

Augusta Winters Grant, wife of

President Heber 1. Grant, and,

"first such, as lady erf the Church,"A MORMON WIFE lives year, eightyninth in her now beloved by all. The span of her life

covers most of the years of the building of the West. She has served her the time may later be found to be utterwas three years old. I vividly remempeople as a teacher of youth. She has ly inconsequential. ber how my older sister, Delia, and I

her family wife served as mother and of in the taken of out middle were bed i.e., time, this when my same At all in of highest ideals the implied by carried into the night neighbor's a and old, she deyears sixtysix was terms. these to mother hallowed example Her in house, delighted and were how we possible life far as recall as her to cided all that dignity, quiet of of has been

queenly culture, and of unfaltering up to the beginning of her personal recthe morning to be taken home and little sister. I cannot shown the new strength. indebted her to a as serve to recollections We are ord—these birth other the of remember givany of the Grant Judd, for daughter, Mary parts of her to the of introduction sort

these ing us glimpses the intimate from this vividly one, children as so even preworth considered she that journal of story her the taken five children to were born my she though as recollections early forthserving. These coming book, Mormon fromWife—The life,A this. after mother (in 1922) then December wrote them Life Story Winters Augusta of

Grant. It is our intention to publish make up the remainder of this chapter In Payson I remember poking my

only selected chapters from this and chapter two. Since these versions head through a rather small frame some

biography, as time and space permit are, for the most part, a rearrangement carpenters were making in a building but from the reading of these exof her own words with minor additions cerpts, feel the that reader's sure we it I neceshave not thought own, of my until will appetite satisfied not be these in marks to quotation use he sary the it, at read has of time whole such as its publication in book form may chapters.

make that possible to all.

CHAPTER ONE Early Reminiscences (From Augusta Winters'journal) PART ONE

Calt Lake City, Utah, December 1,

Introduction 1922. There are a few things I am

with beginning to write going down, my the passed mother had 7TFTER my then burn recollections, earliest up and life, her of milestone eightieth L\ diary. I think pages pages and my of my J- the for I read, accident quite by* I write and will enjoy what daughter when begun partsfirst of a journal time,

grandchildren may. of perhaps some my interage and of sixteen yearsshe was reading what so enjoyed much I have her of during kept muchmittently up their of father wrote mother and my there that told waslifetime. She had me

lives. spoken always had but a recordsuch

of it as something hardly worth conThe first incident I recall must have sidering and never did she so much as occurred before I was three years old.

intimate that at some time I might care A wagon called at our home to take us to put it into a form in which it could to spend the day with some friends. I

be published. was playing in the yard when my

Came a day when one of my daughGrandmother Pratt called me to her in ters, in her English course in college, a great hurry, and, without waiting to was required to write a long theme in take me into the house, scrubbed my the form of a biography, and, having face and hands in a little brook of clear, chosen her grandmother as the subject, cold water that ran just inside our fence came to me for help as to how to go under some tall cottonwood trees. I re

about collecting the desired material. call arriving at our friends'home and

When, to accommodate her, I asked playing outof-doors the whole day and received permission to read the old through with some other children and journal, I discovered what was, to me, shall never forget how impressed I was some very fascinating material. I with the fine spread of good things we

learned, to my disappointment, that had to eat; for, even in pioneer times,

when my mother was sixtysix years old there were "company dinners."MRS. GRANT IN A PIONEER COSTUME

she had reread her journal and, decidThis incident happened in Pleasant ing that much of the material therein Grove, the little town where I was born and getting my chin caught and thinkwas tiresome, had burned whole pages on July 7, 1 856, and just before the faming I could never get out; but my mother

of it. ily moved to the south. I trust this statecame in answer to my screams, and oh,

She says that in her youth people ment will not be classed with that of how happy I was to be released.

journals, daily to but Mark Twain where he states in his urged keepwere couldn't a year stayed have over We it autobiography to keep that a mistakeshe feels was in on when Payson to Mount we moved one the way she did and adds: "Many When I was younger I could remember Pleasant where I have very happy recit anything, whether not; or incidents gone but happened have mentionedof the life ollections in string of of a long one

I I getting shall soon old and am remember of the names mind, evenfrom and my in built of the Fort,"as a houses "Old the latter. only I forentirely the people of havesome Indians, the protection from though we

I I was Augusta; Huldah Hulnamed have energy timegotten. and The trouble that never had any them from

wasted!"dah being for my great aunt, Huldah I remember. It was here that I formed

for in particular. Augusta no one wholly Frost; regrets these I cannot for affection With an Winters and Tucker my

called until I always I was Huldah for, writing of biography, in theagree, that lasted cousins has all our through some apparently insignificant entry in grew old enough to object. lives, and here in 1862 that my sister,

the journal of the subject may take on On the way south, my parents lived who was named Mary Ann for my enormous significance in later years, just in Payson for a time, where my sister, mother, but was always called "Manie, as an event of seeming importance at Susie, was born, two weeks before I was born.

598 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Jke oLlfe Jtom of Afuawdta l/Umterd L/rant

By MARY GRANT JUDD called it) dress, with the skirt buttoned

I II(ember, (general dSoard, rfaUonai (A/omen 'i /\euef. ><?( to the waist. As she went over the pole,

her skirt caught on a knot. There was

something defective fastenthe about tell I this stories period of exhibit to they grandchildren and my Tfwo ing; skirt the there slipped she hung and A them. illustrate a impression the deep on to grandchildren make my in through the us before and stood only

difficult a for as me, very results our disobedience. It seemed of Between other she garment very possessed—a I in. child, give been to somehave used cousins'must our own, and homes we chemise. abbreviated much wagon A I than deal great stubborn. forth traipse a more what remember to back and passing the with neighwas of some by I long, that crying crying "dolls,"so and to once with were play our which

all boring farmers, scampered and we original the cause forgot of since up, almost dress to happened anything my we the sight. get behind to haystack of out "I wails, upset, in thought real between dolls days. those but no had One we

trailing in tired of the and wish me come make would mother Pa grew day in Pleasant days Mount HThose were stop."insisted that of the house, so out and

stricken in poverty ways. some disin playing the that Often day. "Old again when go we not We in actual never While were of we want little girls calling, big the Fort,"ones us her took and obeyed. heard Soon we as earlier food our pioneers were, we things, I their for other babies crackthe sat before and there Delia among and

scarcely ever any money. saw The fire asleep. in to us ling log pretend house be Once, had Rebecca's when Aunt

raised people their exfood and own I to this finished dolls, playing, they decided our which on day had rocking changes of flour were potatoes, made up. frighten kindling not pieces of waking of them by They wood made were parsnips for etc. cheese, mother forMy little in sprinkled face did cold water with and woolen wrapped my

off taught all school her and on young all avail. things, various to other scampered shawls. no and jumped up Wearound life married help to out the with family said, in Finally that the in they consternation her 'Let's put door, such for the

budget. just Once, I.remember, before let stick, of that the middle her I stumbled road Delia and and dropped wagon

father's crops ready to harvest, were it, in in her."run piercingdeposited After being cheek, over out and over my didn't flour we have to enough make I the the apagain, could of sharp hear the road end with wagon own my for bread supper, sent and mother me still I in didn't proaching, stick eyebut clasped an which was move my to get some from a her man owed who I I lash; forget Shall the leave ever they wouldn't arms. remedy knew me

bill a considerable for teaching chilhis there, didn't. carried strong they applied and someone camphor They me—It dren. in the was that known town he in said, into to the wisely mother poured "Just wound! raw who my quite had an of flour amount stored from I'll let the her bed. put her as sleep on the previous It year. long was a walk I this: long as incident to."other she After they wants had The was was his I to house, but willingly, went for their whirling for the just round, play, joyful out to gone round and shouts

his daughters were some of inmost my timate playmates, and I could already "smell"Ma's good bread as it came all golden brown from the oven. When

I presented the matter to him, he considered for a few moments and then asked me to wait and play with the children while he went to the pasture for the cows. He was gone a long time,

and when he came back he said he had concluded not to let us have the flour.

When I reported this at home, mother set her lips very firmly, then took the little flour we had and; made "hasty

pudding"or "lumpy dick"which we ate with milk and enjoyed very much.

That is the nearest I ever came to being "without bread."This incident

reminds me of the little boy in Pleasant

Grove who said, when the grasshoppers were taking all the wheat, and people were worrying about the bread supply, "Well, if we can't have bread, I think

I could live on pie, if I had to."

Grandma Pratt had brought from the "States"a. few nice things such as silk

bonnets, beautiful parasols, dainty lace collars and cuffs, silk "mitts,"etc.

AUGUSOF THE MOTHER GRANDMOTHER AND that I was reached me, I soon found and These went at a time a few to buy milk TA WINTERS MARYANN GRANT in time to FROST ready lost no up and wake for us children STEARNS to drink STEARNS RIGHT: PRATT; (LEFT:MARYANN for butter and

WINTERS). joining them. our bread.

We had a little Scandinavian playFather had one of the finest broadfun of seeing the room seem to spin. mate, Siverene, who lived just across the cloth suits, a real swallowtail dress suit,

When I stopped I became very dizzy. I street from us, whom we liked very and a shirt with a pleated bosom that

was told over and over again to stop, much. One particularly funny incident mother had made by hand with stitches

but I kept wilfully on and eventually I remember in connection with her. We so fine as to be almost invisible. The

fell, striking my temple on the hot andhad a pole across the gateway into our waistcoat that went with it, of beautiiron in the fireplace and getting a bad corral and on this we used to perform fully colored satin, was the handsomest burn. As a result of these childhood inall sorts of acrobatic feats. Siverene thing I had ever seen. When he donned

cidents I still have two scars which I wore a heavy blue denim (denims, we (Continued on page 636)

OCTOBER, 1944: 599

. ALL THAT COUNTS n

IS THE Skine 8,v arum 0. -JsktOn OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC

WsoV;

-wrtT

flourishes the meetdoesn't story get he from me. a committee makes and, That ago in awaySometime

I its please, application. his false of think fol- I often motions. told the it and Clark ing, President Whatifreallyyou

lowing story. It is illustrated in the used to work with brick masons and counts is what is accomplished. The

cartoon above. carpenters. The man who accomplished only thing that counts is the results.

With a friend, he stepped into a bootthe most and was the most efficient brick The proof of the pudding is in the eatblack parlor for a shine. Two colored layer wasn't the man noted for flourishes ing.

bootblacks began immediately to work of his trowel and false motions; he was Ofttimes, we have to observe ouron the two pairs of shoes. The boy the man who could put the most brick selves from a distance to get the proper

working on President Clark's shoes was in the wall and have them laid true and viewpoint of our responsibilities and very methodical and proceeded to do uniform. The best carpenter was not how well we are meeting them. Somehis job accordingly. Every stroke the man who made a lot of flourishes times it is good to stop, look, and listen,

counted, but there were no frills. The with his hammer and saw—it was the or as someone has said, to stand off and

ether bootblack was working with man who cut the boards the most rapidsee ourselves go by. An artist couldn't

much more pomp and show. He would ly and put them in place in the quickest create a masterpiece if he didn't consnap the rag, beat a tattoo with it, and workmanlike way. It is true of the stone tinually stand off from his painting to

do everything but play a jazz tune. The cutter and the lawyer. It is the lawyer get the proper perspective. We have to

friend said to the bootblack shining who wins cases "whom one wants to take ask ourselves eternally, "What am I

President Clark's shoes, "Why do you care of his legal business. One doesn't trying to accomplish? What is it all

not use all these frills and flourishes on estimate the value of a school teacher about? What really counts?"All that

my friend's shoes? He's not getting his by how loudly she talks and how many counts is the shine. A customer is not

money's worth."The bootblack shining motions she goes through, but by how interested in how many times the boy

President Clark's shoes looked up at many boys and girls she prepares and can throw the rag around his head and the friend and pointing to the boy, trains for real life. snap it like a whip. All he is interested

evidently a new comer, shining the in is that when he leaves the bootblack friend's shoes, he said: "When he's If we are not careful in our Church parlor his shoes have been shined

been here as long as I have, he'll know activities and responsibilities, we are properly.

that nuthin'counts but the shine."apt to measure a man or a woman by ( Continued on page 635

600 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A LOYAL LATTERDAY SAINT

c=>Llvtacine Jcavaael \lam f By LEAH D. WlDTSOE

Who can find a virtuous woman? for her

price is far above rubies.

The heart of her husband doth safely trust in her, so that he shall have no need of spoil....

She stretcheth out her hand to the poor;

yea, she reacheth forth her hands to the needy....

Strength and honor are her clothing; and

she shall rejoice in time to come.

She openeth her mouth with wisdom; and

in her tongue is the law of kindness.

She looketh well to the ways of her household, and eateth not the bread of idleness.

Her children arise up, and call her blessed;

her husband also, and he praiseth her....

Favour is deceitful, and beauty is vain:

but a woman that feareth the Lord, she shall be praised.

Give her of the fruit of her hands; and let

her own works praise her in the gates.

(From Proverbs 31:10, 11, 20, 2528, 30,

31.)

in great while a very one findsONCEjust such as is described a woman by the Prophet of old. Such a

LIFE'S FAMILY LOVING FRUITION—A fits perfectly the lifedescription

parents, and of emulation. R. Charles Her Sister Clark, Louise Sharp), (Mrs. Ivor Marianne oflabors Luacine Annetta Savage III, Clark, S. (Mrs. Bennion), Reuben Mervyn Adkins, Annie were Fenn and Savage

Fox). of OrvalJ. C. (Mrs. PresidentClark, Luacine wife and beloved J. Reuin and converts to the England Church recently has beenben Clark, Jr., who in of land the pioneers sturdy became

their choice, the "Zion of latter days."J. Reuben Clark, Jr., who was attending

Their contribution to the artistic and the University of Utah. He, like Lutie,

social wellbeing of their people is outwas also "born of goodly parents,"who standing. Upon their arrival in Salt were following the advice of the Church

Lake valley in 1860, they exchanged leaders of their day to "build up Zion their yoke of oxen for a building lot ten in its outer stakes."But Reuben was

by ten rods on what is now Second fired with the desire for more and higher

Avenue and D Street, and which has education than was offered in his native been owned by the family from that town so, with his parents'encouragetime to the present. On this property, ment, he made his own way to acquire

in time, a fine twostory house was an education. These two young people

built, and into this home was born met, and a deep friendship developed.

Luacine Annetta, the seventh of eleven Lutie was wise enough to know that children. Luacine, or "Lutie,"as she money is not all that is necessary to

was known to her family and intimate make a gentleman. As their friendship

friends, was thus given what should be deepened, her heart told her that here the right of every child: a comfortable, was a real man in the making. Thus

artistic home, loving parents, with romance came into the lives of these brothers and sisters to help one to learn two young people, and on September early the true values of living peace14, 1898, they were married in the Salt fully and joyfully with others. Lake Temple by Dr. James E. Talmage,

The opportunity of obtaining a fine in whose laboratory Reuben had studied education was hers. She was trained as and labored while earning his way

a kindergarten teacher, and taught in through school.

SAVAGE LUACINE CLARK the Salt Lake City schools before her They lived first at Heber City, where the future Looking into marriage. This training she used well, Reuben was principal of the high school.

for all her life she was interested in Later, he obtained the position of acting called Home. One could not give a youth, and in her later life wrote many principal of the Southern Branch of

more perfect delineation of her gifts stories for children, as well as other the State Normal School, now the and character than that just quoted. literary contributions. Branch Agricultural College. Life was

Sister Clark was blessed in many As a young woman she met an amnot easy for them at first—it never is

ways, and her life was entirely worthy bitious country lad from Grantsville, (Continued on page 633)

OCTOBER, 1944 601

OBEDIENCE TO THE LAWS

FOUNTAIN OF ELISHA, WHOSE WATERS WERE

MIRACULOUSLY SWEETENED BY THE PROPHET—Photograph, Underwood 6 Underwood

The Ten Commandments!':::: '::,: And God spake all these words saying, I

am the Lord thy God, which have brought thee out of the land of Egypt, out of the house of bondage.

Thou shalt have no other gods before me.

Thou shalt not make unto thee any graven image, or any likeness of any thing that is in heaven above, or that is in the earth beneath, or that is in the water under the earth: Thou shalt not bow down thyself to them nor serve them: For I the Lord thy God am

a jealous God, visiting the iniquity of the fathers upon the children unto the third and fourth generations of them that hate me;

And shewing mercy unto thousands of them that love me, and keep my commandments.

Thou shalt not take the name of the Lord thy God in vain; for the Lord will not hold

him guiltless that taketh his name in vain.

Remember the sabbath day, to keep it holy.

Six days shalt thou labor, and do all thy work: But the seventh day is the sabbath of the

Lord thy God; in it thou shalt not do any

work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, nor thy manservant, nor thy maidservant, thy cattle, nor thy stranger that is within thy gates; For in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that in them is, and rested the seventh day: wherefore the Lord

blessed the sabbath day, and hallowed it.

Honour thy father and thy mother: that

thy days may be long upon the land which the Lord thy God giveth thee.

Seek the Lord, and ye shall live;... decalogue direct from God, he deThou shalt not kill.

Seek him that maketh the seven stars and scended to the people and presented it Thou shalt not commit adultery.

Orion, and turneth the shadow of death into to them. In the assembly at the foot of Thou shalt not steal.

the morning, and maketh the day dark with the mountain, were men, women, and Thou shalt not bear false witness against sea, calleth night: for the of the that waters neighbour. thy all live the children. to under had They

the of the face out poureth themand upon shalt neighbour's not thy covet Thou exclaimassent their law, pledged so is his 5:6-8.) earth: name. Lord (Amos The shalt thy neighbour's house; thou not covet obey."ing: hear comand The "Weall his his manservant, nor maidservnor

ratified of wife, voice the were by mandments is ant, neighbour's. anything that thy nor

basis the they people, still form the and (Exodus 20:1-17.) lofty language, poetic a citizen

all are government. of of They good

is fifteenth in the describedINZion life necesimposed boundaries upon by

Psalm, in answer to the question sity, in part by hard experience. "They Leviticus the Book of Laws

shall abide of the Lord:asked "Who of nineteenth Sperry, chapter channel,"says the the Book "The Dean in mark shallin dwell tabernacle? thy Who centuries Leviticus,"of trial error, of says William "which and Lyon by

replies hill."thy holy The Lord itself "contains in its Phelps, rules that to be passage the cut for ought race has

define the art the eternal the world."to honor of through remembered They uprightly, worketh and He that walketh

his conditions their makers."of ethics People were forbidden which man by in his truth therighteousness, and speaketh

heart. own conduct. Here was the promulgato reap the corners of their farms; gleanHe that backbiteth not with his tongue, tion of ten divine principles which had ings must be left for the poor and the

nor doeth evil to his neighbour, nor taketh been given as a result of the faith of stranger. Laborers must be paid at the

up a reproach against his neighbour. (Psalm the leader of the children of Israel, for end of the day's work; "The wages of

15:2, 3.) Moses had ascended into the mountain him that is hired shall not abide with

all until his the night thee there morning."with and God. The communed "Thou esthe of worship was Lord The faith, shalt in deaf, for not the curse the people growing nor put were a stumof thesentially keeping associated with captivity bling blind."led before block from the and them had Rich Lord and decalogue, thethe which moral law of their the to treated alike to they exactly promised poor be were on were way in inscribed stone kept and uponwas spiritual in land. court. shalt existence without not go "Thou and Mere up

of the tabernacle place holythe most issue, as talebearer."content a could without moral and manners down Good

temple.and fulfill ultimately greatness the of taught not a were were law regarded by and

In ancient Israel the family was the faith which was teaching Israel. Life on as matters of religion and morality.

principal social unit, and there the Ten earth would become full of enduring "Let another man praise thee, and not

Commandments and the many other content as soon as the people accepted thine own mouth; a stranger and not

laws of righteousness were taught. We the standards and served the purposes thine own lips."There must be just

are told that when Moses received the of Jehovah. weights and just balances. The moral

602 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

IS LIBERTYOF GOD

committed themselves to the divine

Il5u Jre5iaent <=JLevl daaar Ujoima tostandardsserve hisofendsGodinandthe wereworld.instruments"As such

OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY they were his in intimacy of relation which other men could not know."Since

the standards they maintained were not principles taught to the children were is made manifest in many sayings in the of their own creation, but were divine, obedience, reverence, brotherly love, Bible, and the ideal and beauty of the the men who committed themselves to meekness, loyalty, diligence, chastity, patriarchal life is the father leading his them belonged to the world which was truthfulness, patriotism, and industry. kin to the worship of God. The highest beyond time. "They were secure and

God's first requirements of his worshipprinciples of moral life were followed. victorious over the world of sense."

pers were pure hearts, mercy, and honIn such characters as Moses, Abraham, Such was the teaching of Isaiah. The

esty. The people were to cleanse their Isaac, Jacob, Aaron, Joseph, and the individual came to his own through

minds before going into the synagogues. prophetic thought. Only family and

The moral responsibility of the incommunity conviction could bind men the to serve were men who his dividual family to not merely was FREE together, ARE THE THESE these ends. divine communities on "To to community, but and the Jehovah. No Gabbott Jones By Mabel truths, In place victory."the gave God literaever of people a produced body

ture so rich in moral teachings or so ou talk of freedom, claim it as of this world's moral chaos, should wide and varied in their application. Y your own; come God's world of moral order. As

Absolute obedience to parents was reThe goal towards which you aim; the Jeremiah writes it: "The law of God

prize you seek; written be upon tables, would no longer the cardinal virtue garded of

glorify place and upon a throne childhood. You hearts."of stone, but upon men's 6:2022, read: In Proverbs we Its privileges. easily speak; you How

all Yet father's thy son, keep commandment, My the while you bind yourself A Lesson of Life with chains, not forsake of thy mother: and the law

Bind them continually upon thine heart, With worldly habits, unbecoming, '"Phe greatest happiness and comfort small, thy about neck. them and is that in find serving can man God Until your selfbound fettered body it goest, shall thee; thou lead when Whentie his serving fellow man. by comes He drains it sleepest, shall thee; thou keep and when to learn service holy after has eaten "he stature The so it shall thee. talk of your spirit—once with thou awakest,

his in trials his tall. bread sorrow borne and

as a man of courage and faith."It was

speak You of freedom. Son, you will true with Job when he wrote

free be '"Phe lives of the women of the Bible are Only master you when of your- I If vanity, with walked have foot or r* my institutions kinship to suggest us the self, deceit; to hasted hath Israel family the of sanctity the of and as freedom to a goal ceases be, When Let in be weighed balance, an even me life. tie the Kinship, emof blood, was rise all you can above dross And and that integrity. mine God know may

in strongly phasized very ancient sopelf If step hath turned of the out way, my ciety, and families were organized on To think and act uncompromisingly, and mine heart walked after mine eyes, and the basis of blood relationship. Family To know no want nor grief. These if any blot hath cleaved to my hands;

life in ancient Israel was patriarchal. A are the free. Then let me sow, and let another eat; yea

patriarch is simply a ruling father. In let my offspring be rooted out...

him was the governing power, and wives If I have withheld the poor from their desire, the of or eyes caused have the widow line children for to proteclooked like him and prophets long of mighty Amos, fail; to tion guidance. Isaiah, Elijah, and husband Ezekiel, and Hosea, Jeremiah, The alone, eaten morsel have myself Or my the father of the houseideals legal owner afford disDaniel, us the of was and fatherless thereof; the hath eaten not and

hold group. The principle of subordinacipline which were wrought into the If I have seen any perish for want. of,.

tion of wives and children to the father growing fibre of the people. These men clothing, or any poor without covering;

If his loins have not blessed me, and if he were not warmed with the fleece of my sheep; If I have lifted up my hand against the fatherless, when I saw my help in the gate:

Then let mine arm fall from my shoulder blade, and mine arm be broken from the bone....

If I have made gold my hope, or have said to the fine gold, Thou art my confidence;

If I have rejoiced because my wealth was great, and because my hand had gotten much;...

This also were an iniquity to be punished by the judge; for I should have denied the

God that is above. (Job 31:5-8, 16, 17, 19,

22, 24, 25, 28.)

No virtue comes to us ready made, but only through a cleansing discipline which at times is hard to bear. Man

ultimately reaches out unto the truer and fuller life, and he comes to know that obedience to the holy laws of God is true liberty.

THE VILLAGE OF MODERN SYCHAR SITUATED ON

THE EASTERN SLOPES OF MT. EBAL, SHOWING

JACOB'S WELL AND MOUNT GERIZIM—Photograph, Underwood & Underwood

OCTOBER, 1944 603 ACHIEVEMENT Record of First Ward, Twin Falls

Stake, Welfare Project

Earlythe Twinin June,Falls1944,FirsttheWardbishopricproudof ly exhibited in priesthood meeting the deed to thirtysix acres of highly valuable and productive farm land.

Placing this deed on exhibition in priesthood meeting was the climax of a fouryear cooperative welfare project in which every member of the ward participated. The land now owned by the

Twin Falls First Ward lies exactly on the south city limits of Twin Falls, Idaho, and it is rated by experts to be some of the best farm land on the Twin Falls tract. The location is particularly attractive for a welfare project during war

time because it is within easy walking distance of any portion of town. As a

result, participation by virtually the full membership of the ward has been comparatively easy. The work was divided

among the various quorums and organizations of the ward at the beginning of the growing season. Thus each organization knows definitely which portion

of the work has been assigned them;

they know approximately the time that this assignment will need to be filled and lay their plans accordingly.

For this season the principal crops are

Burpee seed beans and onion seed. The

two and one half acres of onion seed are the particular project sponsored by the Aaronic Priesthood quorums. Experts who examined this field of onion

seed state that it is one of the finest being produced this year in Magic Valley. The bean seed crop is in fine condition and promises a very heavy yield.

The ownership of this farm is the culmination of a project which began in 1941. Elder Wm. K. Potts, who was

ward work director in the Twin Falls

First Ward for many years, in the spring of 1941 proposed to the bishopric that the ward rent an acreage in order to meet the quotas assigned under the

Church welfare program. On borrowed

money the ward rented ten acres of ground and seeded it to white beans, potatoes, and garden produce. With the

proceeds of this first year's project, the (Continued on page 632)

7. Sister Jane Gardner, age 76 wields a hoe with

energy and experience. Her young helpers, ages

5 and 6, pull weeds by hand.

2. This group, organized by the Sunday School,

weeded 36 acres of beans in one evening.

3. Ward officers and teachers of the Twin Falls

first Ward. Picture was taken at a regular officers'and teachers'meeting. No announcement

was made that a picture would be taken; no refreshments were offered. In the front row in the

center is Bishop N. W. Arrington. On each side

of the bishop is a counselor, and at the extreme ends are the scoutmaster and general secretary of the Aaronic Priesthood.

4. Bishopric of the Twin Falls Ward with the second

counselor in the Twin Falls Stake presidency, standing in the onion seed patch. Note the ward

members pulling weeds in the bean field in the background.

5. Bishop N. W. Arrington, John R, Seaton, first

counselor. Jay M. Merrill, second counselor, and

P. L. Lawrence, secound counselor in the stake

presidency.

604 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

By

JANIE BRIGHT PRICE

smiled at me, and his smile was a challenge to the skies.

"That's my private world/'he answered, "And heaven seems close when you're in the clouds!"

Heaven seems close when you've in the clouds! Dark wings brush against

my heart.

/\t the far end of the arcade, we pause before a black onyx plaque where students'names are listed in silver. The Boy's is there among the

others, for distinguished service to his school.

Silver and black—for Hope and for

Danger. What honors, tomorrow, in a

far sterner service? Silver, perhaps, for

flying ships and spurting frame? Even

a black for the final glory?..

We step from the shadowed arcade into sunlight, a golden flood. A butterfly, bold with daring, swoops on gauzy

propellers to a successful landing on my shoulder, where the Boy has pinned a

Bougainvillaea blossom.

"Here, let me...!"

The Boy, enraptured, holds the fragile flier captive. His wings are

gorgeous, of bronze and gold,—beauty

—Illustrated by John Henry Evans, Jr. almost too great for bearing. As I

watch,grasp—there'sthe Boy'sa flashfingersof color—theloose theircaptive goes free!

.is last day on leave, he reand rich green ivy reaches ever upward "He was born for wings... I mustquests aHfarewell visit to the old school along creamcolored columns. let him go!"The Boy's face has that

so we have come, the Boy and I.... lighted look.

Ever upward, too, the Boy has grown

Past rows of regal eucalyptus trees, since that first day. Revealing early the He was born for wings... / must let

down winding walks where yesterday pattern of wings in the curve of his him go!

he raced and ran, a carefree student. brows, the look of eagles in his flashing

Today, grown tall, in uniform he walks dark eyes. Even his hands held a preBoys, and butterflies, and the heart's

beside me, strong to lean upon a little cious secret. Those ships he made when grim answer! Not for the Boy those

as we go. he was ten! Bits of balsam wood shaped humble trails my earthbound feet must

to his dreams, in their toy fuselage the follow. For him, instead, a carpet of

Little, outwardly, is changed since amazing substance of his boyish skill. clouds with still white stars for a canfirst I brought the Boy—a chubby tyke opy. And always, my heart, the courof four—to visit the school. Still, from Later, the look of distance and daring age to watch the flash of his wings, tothe graceful arches of the arcade, when he chose a world where I could see him fly—forever free—into the

Bougainvillaea falls in a crimson tide, not follow. I spoke of danger, but he sunshine!

OCTOBER, 1944 605 The Church Mo?es On

>3QfcjA 3fcJfcJfcJfcI!lt JteJkJh <4<+<

First Presidency Gives sation of work very detrimental to men and a recognition of the common

V-Day Suggestions those who farm, seem to render it inbrotherhood of man.

fixed feasible to to attempt provide any Heber Grant J."\1 that are plans under are informed 7e for for the the actual program Church Clark, Jr. Reuben * to the observance looking by way "V-Day."J.David O. McKay of ceremoniesproper "V-Day."First Presidency The that suggest to But the bishops in our quite with are we harmony We 1944 September 9, in their they regular this have of sacrament that the observance daythought

should be celebrated as a day of gratiservice on the Sunday following "V- tude to our Heavenly Father for the Day,"prayers and remarks that will "Era"Manager cessation of this terrible European express to our Heavenly Father gratiHPo the leadership of the Church slaughter, which we are sure has deeply tude that the terrible bloodshed in Euthroughout the wards and stakes, grieved our Heavenly Father. rope has ceased; that will thank him for news of the appointment of Brother

Since the Church is worldwide with our Constitution and for the republic many thousands of our members citiestablished thereunder with its liberty zens of the enemy countries—members and free institutions, and that will

who deeply love their homeland, and solemnly implore the Lord mercifully who individually are no more responto continue these priceless blessings to sible for this terrible holocaust than we us; that will petition him to cause the

have been—we feel it is essential that spirit of peace to enter the hearts of

the Church as such should make its obthe people and to bring it about that the servance of "V-Day"of a character treaties of peace shall be drawn in such that would not grieve or wound the way as will greatly lessen, if not indeed feelings of those whose mother country forestall, the possibility of wars in the is one of the enemy states. future; and that will humbly ask that

The uncertainty as to the date of arrogance, hate, and vengeance and the "V-Day,"and the fact that if it comes will for conquest shall be driven from soon those in our rural areas will be the earth, and that gloating and triumph busily engaged in harvesting crops unover victory shall be submerged in our der circumstances which might render, hearts by gratitude for the ending of the because of lack of farm help, any cesconflict and by a love for our fellow

JOHN D. GILES

John D. Giles as business manager of

The Improvement Era will mean the reintroduction of an old friend in a familiar field. John D. Giles, who succeeds

Brother John K. Orton in this capacity,

(see The Improvement Era, September, 1944, pp. 550 and 556) has been an Era

worker for more than thirty years, first in the wards and stakes, and later, since 1929, as a member of the Era committee of the Y.M.M.I.A. general board. In

connection with his other duties with the

Aaronic Priesthood, scouting, and

M.I.A. board work, he has traveled to

virtually every corner of the wards and stakes of the Church, and has always

Houston Memorial chapel at the farragut Naval

Training Center crowded with the more than 600 sailors for a conference of the L.D.S. faith, highlighted by an address by President George Albert

Smith of the Council of Twelve. President Smith,

seen in the pulpit, asked the navy men to "keep the commandments of God and keep the flag flying."

President George Albert Smith, fourth from the left, is greeted by Navy and Church officials. Others,

left to right, include: Lt. (jg) Rex L. Christensen,

Chaplain Corps, USNR, in charge of the conference;

D. S. Bennion, Portland, Ore., president of the Northwestern States Mission; Chief Recruiting Specialist

Linwood McDonald, a counselor of the Spokane district; President Smith; Albert Morgan, a counselor of

Spokane district; E. K. Hanks, president of Spokane

district, and Marion Scott, Sandpoint, a counselor of the branch presidency.

carried a message and a spirit of enin the collection of annual membership Hawaiian Religious Education the forthusiasm wherever he has dues. Era of Salt Lake City Trank W. McGhie

his going togone. Prior to the Bureau Discontinuance of the collection of * Issent to the Hawaiian has been

of Information at the Hill Cumorah charity funds will not, of course, affect lands where he will have charge of relithree years ago, Brother Giles actively the nature of Relief Society charity gious education in the mission and the progress contemplated of the Era'swatched growas it has been work at since stake. students serve L.D.S. He will

reing circulation each year, of the the beginning and was Church welfare school the federal university and high sponsible for much of the publicity and plan, which provides for bishops to meet there and will also be in charge of teachthat issued from headthe Relief expensespromotion and for the was Society er training missionaries. is a among He

this subject. service, to provide bothquarters on on welfare the of general Y.M.M.I.A. member

Announcement of Brother Giles'approduction projects and in assisting board and a former seminary teacher.

pointment as business manager was bishops to determine needs of families His wife and children accompanied made in the press September 1, 1944, by requiring assistance. him.

Superintendent George Q. Morris, General Manager, and President Lucy G. Hill Cumorah Bureau Robot Bombs

in connecAssociate Manager,Cannon, B. of the President Hugh Brown field represen- C. Stott, Orval

* First thetion with announcement an by British that reports the Mission tative for the welfare Church comPolder release of the Brother ofPresidency Mission London wrecked by was home mittee, been has the appointed First by Inforof the as ofGiles Bureau Director in atthe robot bombs German many director as of the of Presidency Bureau the apHill at Cumorah, andmation invasion. tacks Allied that the followed

pointment to that office of C. Orval No one was injured at the home, and

Stott. ( See second column, this page. headquarters of the British Mission

(Also, for further details on Church cahave been moved to its old location at reer of John D. Giles see The Improve23 Booth Street, Handsworth, in Birmment Era, June 1944, page 370.) ingham.

Reading Committee Idaho Falls Temple

Kembers of a reading committee to npwo of three large mural paintings for * - assist the recently appointed publithe Idaho Falls Temple Baptistry cations committee have been named by have been completed by Lee Greene the First Presidency as follows: Dr. Richards, Salt Lake City artist. Funds

Christen Jensen, dean of the graduate for the murals were raised by members school, Brigham Young University, of the Primary Association as their conchairman; A. Hamer Reiser of the gentribution to the new temple.

eral superintendency of the Deseret

Sunday School Union, secretary; Dr. C. ORVAL STOTT Missionaries Released

Preston, Idaho. William Glen California: Jabbs, Institute director, of ReDaryl Chase,

Clarence Burgon, Midvale, Grant Utah.

Christiansen,ligion, Logan; El Ray L. States: Hastings, Information at the Hill Cumorah, PalCentralCanadian: Brigham Eugene Grandpresident of the Logan Temple; Dr. H. myra, New York. He succeeds Elder City, Utah; Noal R. Hess, Salt Lake City; Charles

Aldous Dixon, president of Weber ColJohn D. Giles who has served in that Gavin,WilliamAshton,McConkie,Idaho.Vernal, Utah; Robert Elmer Mclege, Ogden, and member of the Sunday position since October 1941 and is reEastern States: Arvil Glen Banks, Provo, Utah;

Hillier, Coalville, Gerald Utah; Marsden Brown fiturning to become Lowell to City Evans, Salt Lake board; FrankSchool general

Salt Cazier, Keith Duffin, City; Utah; Nephi. Lake B. business Improvement manager First Presidensecretary to the of Thenancial Salt City; Newton, Bauer, Boyd Lake Mark Hales J.

Bountiful, Salt City; Reid Holbrook, Rampton Lake general Era. su- Q. Morris,cy; and George

Idaho; Rexburg, Verl Clyde Manwaring, Beth rewillperintendent, Y.M.M.I.A. They Elder Stott is a former bishop of the Utah; Utah; Sudweeks, Charles Hunt, Nephi, Eldon

City. Lake Smith, Fielding with Elders Josephview Salt Center Manti and has long been Ward, Maurice Hawaiian: Reed Lambert, B. and Harold A. Widtsoe,John in Lee, active work. Church Utah; Kaysville, Lyle Strong, James Fillmore,Wayne AlfredUtah;

Campbell, Los Afton, Steven Read Walton, Wyoming; the Twelve, and Marof the Councilof

California; Larsen, Wales, Utah. Dean assistant to the Councilion G. Romney, Magna, Vincent Schow. Howard Angeles,New England: Service Men's Coordinator

Hall, Herbert Utah; Hurricane, Utah; Crosby Emerson all literature and lessonof the Twelve,

Berrett, Fowler, William Utah; Draper, Ross George president of eigh Clark, William T for the Church publishedmanuals by Richardson, Salt PocaCity; Wendell Jr., Lake LaMar

of Salt the the City; Taylor, Branch Idaho; Texas Lake Houston Robert Edward organizations.official use in Church

Afton, Robinson. Carl Wyoming. tello,Max asappointed as an Mission, has been Draper, Utah; States: Blaine R. Andrus, Northern

Church of the Air sistant coordinator serving L. D. S. Francis William Geertsen, Ogden, Utah; Hadland

City. Salt Lake Brinton Gunderson, area. in the service East Texas men Marietta California: Manookin, Dorothy Northern the Council of"Older T. Benson Ezra is City; assistant coordinator twelfth Salt the City; Bishop, Salt Cottam Lake Lake Ralph He*-"'the Fugal, the of will be Paul Lehi, Utah; Keith Twelve Bushman, John Henry First Presidency. speaker to the appointed be by Hurricane, Hinton, Pleasant Glendon Grove, Utah; M. System's Broadcasting the Columbiaon Utah; David Hunt. Monroe, Dale Utah; RichardChurch of the Air, October 8, at 11:00 liam Lemmon, St. George, Utah; Ralph ThompsonWil-

a.m., M.W.T., as part of the one hunPanguitch Hospital Mitchell,Ogden, Utah;Ogden,WendellUtah; L.SarahMulr,OliverRandolph,YeatesUtah;Mitchell,John

fifteenth congeneral semiannualdred StringEarl Porter. Bountiful, Briant Utah; Warner for a fiftythou- are underway Plans Christina Sanders, Utah; Mrs. Selma ham, Clearfield, willference. be for the program Music for hospital the Pansand-dollar Idaho; Sanders, Lund. Idaho; August Carl Lund,

Milas Darlington, Idaho; McAffee, Coleman

Ivoby the Tabernacle Choir and Organ. guitch, Utah, area, according to an anvinErastus MelCreek, Utah; Wakefield, Grouse nouncement made by Presiding Bishop Mills, Salt Lake City. Del!

Relief Beutler. Logan, Society Central: North North Alma John years Richards. Several ago LeGrand

Elsinore, Utah; Utah; Barney, Cannon Lushan Owen

the erection Panguitch of a clubbegan Salt Wilkes, City; William Bennion, Edmond Lake for care provisions of present viewTn

Pocatello, Anderson, Afton, Emanuel Harry Wyoming; recreation center which was and house welthe of through the Church needy Idaho.

the has Church never completed. Rawlins, States: Lloyd White Southern Warren Now the with emphasis uponfare program

Bluffs, Ross, Utah; Francis Ogden, Gerald Washngton; the the proposal of community accepted of supply, as the source the Rebishop Utah; Ross. Katherine Ogden, James Daniel Dudley

extending, join in remodeling, that they Lehi, Allred, Utah; Reld Rawson, Sandy City, Tewlief visiting teachers Society no longer

as a Utah. fully the building equipping andcollect contributions memfrom ward Marion, Andrus SpanishAmerican: Jensen, Willard

obtained Priorities been have Marion, Willis Utah; Jensen, Utah; Andrus William either for the charity or general hospital.bers

Smith, Preece Marion, Utah; Jensen. Andrus LaMar soon. will begin and construction society. of thefunds Doutre, Logan, Alfred Utah. Richmond, Utah; Boyd

The change of policy beginning in Under the arrangement the Church Texas: Robert Henry Chadburn, Logandale, Nevada;

October, 1944, does not preclude acwill be deeded the property and the hosDinahNielsen,AnnSaltChadburn,Lake City.Logandale, Nevada; Christopher

ceptance through Relief Society officers pital will be operated by a board of Western States: LeRoy Ohlsson Malmberg, Salt

of freewill offerings to the Society. trustees appointed by the Church from LakeWesternCity. Canadian: Wilbur Gordon Hackney, ArVisiting teachers will continue to assist among the local residents. lington, Virgnia.

OCTOBER, 1944 607 Mutual Messages

i 8fc "fflfti 3Bl m> Mh Jlh I started as scoutmaster in St. George, Leo W. Child, Route 2, Nyssa, OreScout Leaders Achieve Utah, about 1920. That troop was registered gon; Troop 58, Nyssa Ward, Weiser

Special Honor Certificate Scoutsas No. in1 theandSt.outGeorgeof it cameStake.theOnefirstbecameEagle Stake.

a Scout executive, some registered as scoutJust returned from a tenday trip with my to "Billy requires Rice,"the summer for its Scouts camp capacities. In in other leaders best manimasters and Scouting

the Council. of OreIda City, I camp to Cedar Utah, where festation integration moved 1926 we the strong

eight year a I started with and a boys for of also as acted scoutmaster a number spiritual twelfth elements. of The

I twentyeight half ago, I have and now there years. received While my scoutis, is In order Reverent."Scoutlaw "A to seventeen Scouts registered twelve from I to Calinorthern key. master came When ofto stimulate the gospel the teaching of Church* our nonmembers in 1 years old, some Willits, in Calitroop fornia 1932, a had

principles and practices in Scout groups fornia. I am an Eagle Scout and so are my Most of these boys live on farms and have

the Special Honor Certificate is awarded two sons. to take the place of their older brothers who

to scoutmasters, and it will, from now are in the service. They have many chores

on, be awarded to leaders of Senior A. D. MacKay, Route 1, Sugar City, to do and not much gasoline for traveling

Scout units if they qualify. Hereafter, Idaho; Troop 54, Sugar City First so it is hard for them to get in for their troop

live miles twelve as as far meetings. Somealso, Stake. will the period from run January Rexburg Ward, after the times country and out in many will the be 3 1 award and 1 to December into to hitchhiked chores have doing town I older scouters carrying of the one am in during Febanniversary weekmade their meetings. attend are in the scoutmasters while the younger on

ruary. armed forces. Troop 54, Sugar City, was I have a fine group of good, clean boys

Following are the men who have been formed thirty years ago. Our present fine who don't smoke or drink and do not use

awarded the Special Honor Certificate troop owes its success to the good work done much bad language and are improving in scoutmaster, previous our Ovard, Ben by 194344:for of the season the occasionally in put program on atin this.We employ. Scouts government Our now Contra Knight, 820 L. Dr. Raymond also other wards our ward, and the in some the year, tend are every camp on summer

8, California; Berkeley, TroopCosta, it all certainly they and do fine. do boys plan; Scouts revenue budget from comes

Berkeley Ward, Oakland Stake. dues, sale of Christmas cards, collecting and I have some boys who are going to be

the in the real leaders both and community iron, selling old rubpaper, scrap waste and in organized Berkeley, 8, Dewas Troop Church. bills financial date: ber. to statement Our scouthas 1927. been Dr. Knightcember receivable, payable, $4.50; cash none; on Idaho; Conda, Cragun, H. Troop is closed fifteen a Jay years. for troopmaster The in bank, hand, $70.15; good $1.85; Rexburg

is it Stake. entirely of 64, L.D.S. Idaho in thattroop Conda Ward, composed

54, equipment. City camping Troop Sugar of coordination perfect permitsboys. This

I in scoutmaster the the First of 64 Franklin D. Roosevelt Troop Ward, Conda am won PriestAaronic scouting andthe program

in the President's the Council. 1940, Idaho Stake and and award EdTendoy Ward, fifteen that years the During work.hood

is in third scoutmaster the as 1941 of year Parsons'This awards A. ward and my troop the scoutmaster,Dr. has Knight been

I previous spent year 64 as and District 1942. in one trophy Troop Scout Madison Boy Eagle reach twentythree boyshas had assistant 64. All scoutmaster of the three Scouts, four have Troop of Eagle them We in this are twenty number,rank. now Of in the of silver, ages their twelve gold, between boys palms. Conda bronze have and country. service numofthe This our armed registered are in seventeen through our

is per highest percentage the ofber Eagles least thirty troop. of the percent Scout At Cowley, Welch, Nash Wyoming; Berkeleyin the troop of anymembership to subscribe troop Boys'Life. 37, Big Cowley Ward, Troop Horn Council.Contra Costa Area in the participated alumiscrap have We Stake. 8 of scoutmaster Besides being Troop drive, the scrap drive rubber are and num Dr. Berkeley thesponsored Ward, by the in campaign. active waste paper Our I this to that report has is year health happy safety of and am chairman onKnight dissales helped boys have with and bond

I greatest for 37. the had Troop have the been the Costa executive board Contra of tributed posters government and most of five the qualifying years with boys and he am Council. was Last DecemberArea the during farms them on work summer fall. this for the scoutmaster's for key outstanding "Silver the Beaver"awarded I in also active months. the ward boy am enrolled twentyfive or boys for have three the past toservice and boyhood, We I all leadership committee. encourage boys the of percent one between hundred boys at the of large has been heyears a member 'Be Prepared Their Duty."and Do fifteen to the years. In twelve past year of America, which ScoutsNational Boy

position he still holds. every boy has passed one or more tests Charles Geurts, scoutmaster troop

outings. has on our and been have We had 46, Fourteenth Ward, Salt Lake Stake. I. Y. Bigelow, 259 Bartlett St., San Stars, First Life Scouts, four seven two

Francisco 10, California; Troop 107, Class, fifteen Second Class, six Tenderfoots Training: Completed advanced leaderMission Ward, San Francisco Stake. and two merit badges. (Continued on page 630)

I live in the Mission Ward, of the San

Francisco Stake, and have been scoutmaster in this ward for about seven years. Our

troop is number 107 and we are registered in the San Francisco Area Council. This

troop was registered first in 1933 and has had continuous registration since that time. It is

sponsored by the Y.M.M.I.A., but the membership is not restricted to members of the

Church. Several of our boys have become SCOUT

Eagle Scouts, and we now have approxiLEADERS mately twenty Scouts registered in the regular troop, and ten in the Explorer Troop.

This is the second year we have had an

Explorer unit. Most of our former Senior

Scouts are now in the service of our country, but we have enough Scouts near enough to

Senior age that a unit can be maintained, we feel sure. Several of our boys have gone

through the program to assistant scoutright: left to Mission L. Dr. First row, Bigelow, Y. Knight, Berkeley Oakland; Ward, Ward, Raymond scoutmaster. tomasters, Scout one and The

First Big Stake; Sugar Welch, D. City Cowley Francisco Rexburg Stake; Ward, A. MacKay, NashI. Ward, San in the Aaronic alsoleaders leaders are

left right: Child, Cragun, Stake; to Weiser H. row, Ward, Conda Jay Stake. Second Nyssa Ward, Leo Horn W.

the monthly groups,Priesthood and attend Riverside Geurts, J. Feveryear, Stake; Salt 28th Lynn Ward, Charles Fourteenth Stake; Ward, Lake Idaho

ward boy leadership committee meetings. Stake; and Howard C. Boulton, Everett Ward, Seattle Stake.

608 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

had failed to keep an organization going very long, but had a disciple assume the leadership and found a church whichAPOSTATE FACTIONS has continued to the present, so did one of Page's followers develop an organization which still exists. This man was

TOitCowivia triethe rv lanurc'tame Granville Hedrick.

The attention of John E. Page was

attracted by Granville Hedrick s little flock which had declared themselves factions all wicked and or /josepk Smitk "freeunited fromupon the pure principles of the

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Saints."By Parly in 1863, John E. Page ordained

E. CECIL McGAVIN Mr. Hedrick and gave his support

to the movement. years later new Four

of the this flock small Independence, moved to

Lnurcn Jvtitorian 's \Jfficfice Missouri. In 1 868 they purchased a portion of the original temple lot. The entire

tract known as the temple lot included sixtythree acres, but these people were

VI We, therefore, your brethren in solemn unable to buy more than about two and council, being grieved at his murmuring threefourths acres.

dissention, his also yielding at and himand disintegration Jealousy followed and E. "Hedrickites"and Page theJohn self to willingly, temptation up and without until for their years membership so was

cause, of fellowhave the withdrawn hand that reduced to unable they hold were ship, until he to satisfacgives us comes and criticism brought E. much Page regular meetings. In built 1887, a they tion for his dissention, the Saints areJohn and to himself refused he upon when small lot. their chapel temple on all released obligations from covenants and

his mison accompany Orson Hyde to his abide counsel. times There were they ordained when Palestine. 15,sion 1841, to January On apostles, a for few years but they barely

in recorded Smiththe Prophet Joseph at in Later Quarters read Winter we fill to had the enough of quorums menhis journal official the of that records the Church the apostles seventy. the In and 1895,

President Brigham with the Young met effort an was Reorganized by the made I in the published the following Times revelation read the purportTwelve and to obtain possession Church of the temElders and Seasons: John Orson Hydeand received ing to be by James J. Strang, ple lot in is Independence, after but that the notE. are informed Lord Page much

litigation of in consequence pleasedwell with them the "Hedrickites"given were... but written which Charles was by in their mission,delaying E. (John Page legal of possession the property. Since Wandell, to 6, 1846, Wesley entrap Marchparticular), are requested they and by the that a time considerable of number it E. Page, believed John bore and who their toFirst to hasten Presidency journey the from Reorganized it Church that testimony revelation the members a from was their destination.wards

Almighty. joined the afforded This event "Hedrickite"have merrigroup. much

Soon after the martyrdom John E. ment to Wandell and his friends.1 Though they own a portion of the

Page was busy in Nauvoo opposing the temple lot, they have failed to catch the

Twelve and advocating the claims of After Page had eaten the dry husks spirit of temple work.

Strang, he decided to by start a against offered protested HeJames of of J. Strang. the a fragment The possession church of his own. Sidney Rigdon As of his delinquencythe criticisms past original temple lot kept their alive in

and said, "I will go to hell sooner than journal History, March 11, 1847 hearts an interest in temple work, take abuse, and the devil shall have it though they objected to the type of to say, 'Here"is a man that is damned work being administered in the temples like a man.'of the Church of Jesus Christ of LatterSaints. In 1929, they reported that When he refused to abide by the deDEFIANCE day

cision of the majority of the quorum, he John the Baptist had appeared to one of was excommunicated from the Church. By L. Mitchell Thornton their ministers reminding him that they

legal the were possessors of the temple the aposeight of 9, 1846,On February that the lot and ripe the for time was epistle con- T shall strike back at Deathtles which signed a general building of the this In temple. subandtained the following information on this Crying, "Begone, dark shade;

it sequent "revelations"explained wassubject:

long as As I have breath the building to just how be conwas

We take this opportunity to say to you, I shall not be afraid. structed.

fellowshipthat with Elder have John no we visitor nocturnal This insisted that the For shuddering no hour me his in of murmuring consequence Page,E. foundation walls the of temple placed be

himselfdisposition, to absent choosing and the Beside restless sea, solid bedrock. on the They measured that then saying councils he ourfrom and

I shall not cringe nor prescribed cower, dimensions and commencedis his of slave servant a quoby and made rum, and has had no privileges in the temple, However close it be. to make the excavation. For months

when the plain truth is that he has chosen they dug for bedrock, but not until they us,to stand aside from and because forty we feet beneath were the surface did so, he has about murmured let him dowould find it. I shall not frightened go they a small shelf that resembled

it. has background on the been and He in To enter the last strife; In their search they exhausted all their histhe ever since failed to fulfil shade he

mission to Jerusalem in company with Elder Death is no awesome foe, funds and had to cease their building

Hyde. For I have fronted life. activities before they could put in the

brethren, beloved are this Now, walls. you day they have To not I dare to challenge give; foundation to look the to him as one ofbound Twelve the project about done no more except

Apostles, for he hath yielded himself up to My head is lifted high; to dream and hope.

temptation, resist spirit the he cannot and of inspires apostasy to find which him fault If I have dared to live, And thus another church struggles with the organization of the Church. Why should I fear to die? along.

OCTOBER, 1944 609 pcsto fSksm:wm

TLTeard from the "Crossroads of the West"with the Salt Lake Taber- * * nacle Choir and Organ over a nationwide radio network through

KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting System every Sunday at 12:00 noon

By RICHARD L EVANS Eastern War Time, 11:00 a.m. Central War Time, 10:00 a.m. Mountain

War Time, and 9:00 a.m. Pacific War Time.

K etreat from Luamor isin athewisebewildermentman who doesof clamoringnot permit voiceshimselfthatto becallstampededin all directions. August 13, 1944.

the spectacle sees one of a bewildered in running loose harassed crowd, a numerousN<[otdoginfrequently by all in \Jn 2)ettinq the l/l/ond In \Jraier directions, calls whistles strange from coming and response to which the animal dodges here and there in utter Frequently when we become aware of conditions which confusion, responding first to one and then another, beckneed correction, we are led to wonder why those reoned from every direction, and finding assurance in no sponsible for such things do not correct them. In a home or

direction. Comparisons are seldom apt in all details, but family, in a community or a commonwealth, usually it will

there are some points of likeness in such plight and in the be found that there is someone whose moral or legal responperplexity of people whose thoughts and loyalties and time sibility it is to see that such conditions do not exist, and we and attention are being constantly bid for from many sources are led to wonder why they are permitted to continue unand in many confusing ways. Perhaps our generation has corrected. There could be many answers to this line of

been exposed to more disturbing voices, to more frightening questioning, and to ascribe any one cause would be to overprint, to more misleading information than any generation simplify the problem. It sometimes happens that those

in history, because the facilities for doing such things are responsible for moral or legal action are lazy or indifferent;

greater now than ever before. It is a day of voices that it sometimes happens that they are actually unaware of the

urge us many ways at the same time, each claiming to be condition, even though it is their responsibility to be aware the way out—the way to peace and safety—the way home. of it; and it sometimes happens that private conviction or

There is discrepancy among the things we read, discrepancy public opinion is against doing anything about it. Any of

among the things we hear—statement and counterstatement these reasons could be responsible for a person's sitting down

—making it difficult at times even for the wisest to disand watching things go on which it is his obligation to see

criminate. And amid all this confusion and contradiction a are corrected or eliminated. But beyond all these possible

man must make his choices. But he must not, like the dog explanations, there is one reason yet unmentioned which is

in the crowd, be diverted by all the calls that come from frequently responsible for failure to correct evils that need whatever source or direction. If he did, he would drop in correcting—and that is the lack of moral courage that comes

his tracks, an exhausted, neurotic victim of the crosswith the failure of a man to have his own house in order.

currents of thought. If we don't hear one call, that rings He who is carrying a burden on his own conscience finds it

true above the din of the crowd, we must not permit ourdifficult to set someone else right who is guilty of the same selves to strike out blindly and follow any voice that hapor similar offenses. A prosecutor with a sense of guilt must

pens to be the loudest at the moment. To do so is to invite feel that he is pointing the finger at himself every time he

more confusion. The safer course is to withdraw at times accuses someone else. A parent who corrects a child in

where the maze of contradiction does not penetrate. Every matters in which he himself does not conform, is usually

man has need of times of silence, of solitude, and of prayerrather unconvincing. The leadership of any nation or

ful thoughtfulness, and sometimes to shut out insistent, people, the leadership in any home or community, finds demanding, confusing voices is a requisite to reason and difficulty in telling others what to do, with conviction, in calm judgment. And even if we can't get away to the quiet matters in which they themselves do not have a convincing

places of the earth, we can at least retreat within ourselves record. In other words, the world finds great difficulty in

and let our own thoughts whisper to us, and let quiet judgcleaning up some of the things that need cleaning up because ment resharpen our sense of value and direction. The it is true now, as it has always been true, that there is lack

Creator of heaven and earth, he who made man in his own of strength in a man whose life isn't in order—which fact is

image, did not leave us at the mercy of all the world's a destroyer of moral courage, and one of the reasons why confusion. That spirit "which giveth light to every man more things that need to be set right aren't set right. You

that cometh into the world"gives peace and comfort, can't be weak inside and strong outside. You can't be weak

direction and perspective, if a man will only take time to look at home and strong away. In other words, if we'd like to

within, shut out the clamor, and calmly think his own reform the world, we pretty well know where to begin.

thoughts. It is a wise man who reserves the farreaching There are more things than charity that begin at home, and

decisions of life for a time of unhurried thoughtfulness. It setting things in order is one of them.—August 6, 1944.

610 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA II:,:

and adversities of life. A man in comfortable circumstances

\Jn [auinaimna Joo rf/uch may tell his son a thousand times over how difficult it was to earn a dollar when he was a boy, how people worked \Jl7e are often inclined to assume that if we can only disfor what they got, saved part of what they earned, went pose of our present pressing problems, the future will without, labored long, and, finally, by hard and sure steps, take care of itself. The famous line from Shakespeare, "My achieved selfdependence and selfrespect—and to this oftkingdom for a horse,"has farreaching implications in the told story children sometimes listen respectfully, and somepattern of human behavior. When a man wants a horse, times shrug and wonder what it has to do with them and

or needs one right now, or thinks he does, a kingdom may their lives. This is partly the fault of children, but perhaps

seem like a more or less trivial thing. Immediate worries, more the fault of parents who are everlastingly trying to

sometimes even inconsequential ones, often crowd out, disspare their children the characterbuilding experiences that are determined to proportionately, matters of greater concern. A hungry man made them what they are—parents who will pay an exorbitant price for a sandwich—if he has the provide, with little or no effort on the part of their children,

price and if he can find the sandwich. There is another all the things which they themselves were denied. This

phase of this same problem. We are often inclined to obliattitude is the natural outgrowth of an indulgent love—but

gate ourselves for more than we can possibly pay—but a a love of questionable wisdom—because parents are not

time of payment inevitably comes due. We are prone to always going to be here to do these things, and sooner or

agree to do more things than we know we can possibly do, as later their children are going to have to stand on their own a result of which we find ourselves worried and harassed feet anyway—and because men don't grow except by their

and crowded from all sides, and we say to ourselves, "If I own efforts. There are some things you can do for another

only get through this, I'll never do it again."We have a tenperson and some things you can't do for him. You can

dency to believe that if we can only take care of this one imsuggest the course his thoughts should take, but you can't mediate difficulty, if we can only get straight with our credithink for him. You can show him how a thing should be

tors this once, if we can only overcome this one embarrassdone, but you can't learn for him. You can set up standards

ment, if we can only avoid the consequences of this one indisand point the way, but you can't forever hold him up beyond cretion, we'll never let ourselves get into such a position his own height or spare him all the realities and vicissitudes again. And so, with an immediate worry playing on our minds, of life—not even your own child—and if you could and

we often pay usury to dispose of the problems of the present, you did, the result would be something you wouldn't like.

while some very real though less immediate worries may be And this inexorable truth goes far beyond the family relaforgotten, because they do not for the moment seem to have tionship, and enters into the dealings of all men with all their hot breath upon us. And so, it would seem to be well other men. The principle of selfeffort, of selfdependence, of

to caution ourselves against supposing that the expedient selfreliance, is a requisite of growth and of happiness itself, solving of one immediate problem is to solve the future and he who thinks he can do all things for someone else because the future will always be coming our way, and it he who thinks he can do all things for all people better than is governed by unchanging principles which have nothing they can do for themselves—he who thinks he can live the

whatever to do with expediency or the facile juggling of lives of others—is deceiving himself and doing an injustice

daily dilemmas. We might well think twice before offering to the objects of his mistaken kindness. Men may do some

a kingdom for a horse—until we are sure that we want a things for each other, but there are many things no one can

horse, and can afford to give a kingdom for it. do for another. This we all discover sooner or later, and

August 20, 1944. the more fortunate are they who discover it sooner.

August 27, 1944.

\Jn *-)parina the Lkitdtfen Copyright. 1944.

an a \Jtkiers Ane of the most difficult tasks that confronts provident parents is to pass on to their children an appreciation of what has gone into the making of the home they en joy. Driven by necessity, and through the virtues

of work and of thrift, ofttimes a man acquires the means of comfortable existence. His

children in turn, reared in comparative plenty, and not driven by the same necessity, often become more dependent and less able to cope with the difficulties

OCTOBER, 1944 611

J\lnduvne5i Editorials <<rpHOU shaft iove thy neighbour as thyself,"was given as the second great commandment, following the first commandment, "Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and

Lonferevice r/otice with all thy mind."Indeed, the two form one commandment, for whosoever of us loves the Lord must of neces-

'T'he One Hundred Fifteenth SemiAnnual Consity love man, son of our Father, who becomes, through this divine parentage, our brother.

ference of the Church of Jesus Christ of This love, of which Jesus spoke, is not a theoretical

Latterday Saints will be held in the Salt Lake love, one which finds expression in platitudes, spoken

Tabernacle on October 6, 7, and 8, 1944. automatically, glibly. It is not a love that satisfies itself

with generosity for publicity's sake. It is not a love

The attendance at the conference, because of that vitiates itself with the first offering. This love,

increasing difficulties in transportation, both bywhich has been commended to us through the ages, is is quiet rather that unseen, than heralded and and automobile and by railroad train, will be limited one it is the love that seeks out the heavyladen sung; and a

to the following: suffering, rather than those whose lives run smoothly;

General Authorities of the Church, Presidencies it is a love that follows the admonition "... let not thy

left hand know what thy right hand doeth."It is the

of Stakes and Stake Clerks, Former Presidencies love that knows no cessation, that never feels that an of Stakes and Stake Clerks, Patriarchs, High end can be reached; it is a love that is never failing.

Councilmen, Presidencies of High Priests QuoOne of the commonest expressions of this love is a all affection kindliness meet, a real genuine toward we rums, Presidents of Seventies Quorums, Presiitself real interest for It reveals all with for people. in a

dencies of Elders Quorums, Temple Presidencies, whom we associate. It manifests itself in many ways:

Bishoprics of Wards and Ward Clerks, Presiby a kindly word, a smile, a handclasp. These simple,

dencies of Independent Branches in organized habits,easily achievedwhich becomeactionsnaturallycan becomespontaneous.almost reflexThey

Stakes, Presidencies of Dependent Branches in mean so much to those whose paths cross ours—and

organized Stakes. Presidents of Missions on mainthey cost us so little.

it better this kindliness Selfishly than speaking, pays land of U.S., Canada, and Mexico, Presidents of

Its it takes. costs, than for it will give more so much

Stake Missions, Former Presidents of Missions, dividends cannot be measured by scales ordinarily used

Chairmen of Ward Groups of High Priests, Sevin estimating values. Yet, unlike other substances whose

enties, and Elders, Superintendency and Priestworth is estimated, the coin of friendliness never deteriorates. Friendship is always on the gold standhood members of the Deseret Sunday School ard; there is no downward fluctuation in its value.

Union Board, Superintendency and members of Moreover, friendliness expands our good qualities, at

General Board of the Y.M.M.I.A., Commissioner, the same time that it diminishes our bad ones. It will

take from us any selfpity in which we might at times

Seminary Supervisors and members of the Church be tempted to indulge. Selfpity is destructive; without

Board of Education. selfpity, we can progress more rapidly. Moreover, the

spirit rapidly will kindly teach genuine, see past us to The sessions of the conference will be as folfrailties truly admirable to their the and women of men lows: qualities. As we see these virtues, we come to the

Friday, October 6, 10:00 a.m., 2:00 p.m. conclusion that the old adage is true

Saturday, October 7, 10:00 a.m., 2:00 p.m., 7:00 There And soismuchso muchbad goodin theinbestthe worstof us, of us,

p.m. That it hardly becomes any of us

Sunday, October 8, 10:00 a.m., 2:00 p.m. To talk about the rest of us.

And we realize that genuine friendliness accepts the

Instructions will be issued through the Presifact that everyone whom we meet is worthy of our condencies of Stakes regarding admission to the sideration. By cultivating this friendliness, we avoid

Temple Square grounds. selfish absorption in our own affairs. And in direct ratio to our friendliness—we gain our reward in the

All sessions will be broadcast except the 7 p.m. everwidening circle of friends.

meeting Saturday night, October 7. Today when all are laboring under a strain with

loved ones in danger zones in the far places of the earth, we need to be kinder to each other—to build a solidarity

of friendliness one with another in the communities where we live. To the mother, awaiting anxiously for

word from her son in camp; to the father bravely

shouldering twice the usual load since the boy has gone into the army; to sweetheart; to wife—the kindly

word of greeting and inquiry indicates a love that will buoy them up and carry them more courageously through the troublous days.

Our power for friendliness will grow as we exercise it. And we shall find as we increase our power to love

The First Presidency thevelopmanwithinand womanourselveswhoman everexpandingGod created, weconceptshall deof the Creator. M. C. J.

612 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

the drug in sweetened and flavored water to make the socalled cola drinks, of which CocaCola was the first.

Clearly, the extraction of caffeine from the coffee berry Evidences and is not done on moral grounds. There are now close to

cola hundred a of these drinks market, American on 2the brands. various under and names of cafamount The reconciliations feine in cola drinks varies with the brand, and also

within the brand. However, there is, and must be enough

of the drug present to secure the desired reaction or "lift,"else the diminish, soon even cease. demand would

drivers to travel txxxu. What id tke eamvi% Automobile often have by night who

J4ot Ujriviks i enoughuse a colaof thedrinkpresenceto keepandthempowerawake.of the drug.That is proof

is It near relative of caffeine theophylline. the drug A revelation to Smith, the as Joseph *T fHE known Word

It effects. is physiological has much the same made now * is of health to code, obedience a Wisdom, which by if is synthetically. to that believe reason price the There

"evils designs of conspiring deand... be men"may if that caffeine, theophylline of decreases the of or below

feated, great blessings personal mind, body, and of and caffeine the of does supply pace with not keep expanding spirit obtained. be may business, cola theophylline be used more and more may

The Word of Wisdom declares that "hot drinks are in the cola business.

belly."for in the not or beverages body The common It well caffeine that should in cola remembered be

) revelation the use received tea were when was is in coffee. drinks harmful than is more reason The

coffee. drinks,"in declared and to were These be ( "hot1 833 of explained well F. Boos, America's one M.D., by W. revelation. of the the that meaning the time Since toxicologists, in called foremost the U.S. was by who

its consistently, has taught abstain to members, Church trial in the than quarter government a CocaCola more 1 coffee. the tea use from of and

is of coffee says, a century the ago. "In closely drug He

The objectionable constituents of tea and coffee were associated with certain natural colloidal or gluelike not clearly understood until years later. In 1821 a white substances which hinder its rapid and complete absorpsilky substance, named caffeine, odorless and bitter to tion, with the result that it enters the system so gradually

the taste, was extracted from coffee. In 1827, the same from the intestinal tract that some of it escapes absubstance was found in tea. Afterwards the physiologisorption altogether and is excreted. In CocaCola, on

cal action of caffeine was determined. It was found to the other hand, the caffeine occurs in pure crystallized

be a poison. When the drug is taken into the body, it form, and there is nothing to hinder the rapid and complete of absorption pressure, increases consequent the drug, the with the blood powerful whips up brain and

effects."system, also cola hold for the other 3 This heart action central nervous would and increases and

kidney activity. The result is a feeling of stimulation, drinks. Dr. Boos was able to prove this contention

followed by a period of depression, relief from which is experimentally, for he found "that it takes much less sought by the use of more caffeine. That is, it not only CocaCola to bring a frog's heart to a standstill than

endangers bodily health, but it is habitforming and coffee containing the same percentage of caffeine."*

weakens the will. The drug injures the body, but deOther popular beverages contain drugs harmful to

ceives the individual by masking the truth; and it man. The cacao bean, from which chocolate and cocoa

enslaves the victim with a growing, often insatiable, are made, contains a drug known as theobromine, a near desire for more of the poison. relative of caffeine. Like caffeine, it is a poison. The

This knowledge, once established, justified the advice Journal of the American Medical Association, for Januof Church leaders that tea and coffee be not used. It ary 21, 1939, states the case against this drug: "The

also justified the rejection of these beverages, over the chief active principle in cocoa and chocolate is theo-, but they also contain centuries, by numerous thinking people who had obbromine ( from 1.5 to 2.2 percent )

served the effects of tea and coffee upon human beings. small amounts of caffeine and tannic acid (0.16 perThe Koran, indeed, forbids the use of coffee. cent ). Theobromine is similar in chemical structure to

tea, in coffee its physiological caffeine found and and is It notable that these the drugChurch upon ban similar, identical. prinare also not though The revelation, drinks, divine containing based upon was effects respiratory effects stimulation, cardiac cipal are and

scientific their of before proofs nature dangerous made diuresis, metabolism, elevation basal of the nervous and is of thus really been made. had The Wisdom Word for stimulation. considering In mental cocoa... and inspiration latterday the the for of evidence Prophet. an

it similar stimulant children, as should a be regarded

The poison caffeine is not confined to China tea leaves coffee.... It would seem safe to conclude from theseto

and coffee berries. It is found in many other natural facts that cocoa is contraindicated for young children

products, widely distributed over the earth and used at least."The similar warning is stressed in the White

by man. For example, the dried leaves of a South AmerHouse Conference of a decade and a half ago, in which

ican evergreen, related to the common holly, containing the welfare of children was given special attention."Recaffeine, are brewed into a largely consumed beverage cent researches indicate that chocolate and cocoa cause

known as mate. a loss of the calcium and phosphorus in the food eaten;"

Whatever the source of caffeine may be, the physioand another recent researcher implies that the ability is action logical rats of the the same. their impaired, drug to raise when was young 7were fed market. milk usual chocolate found on the evil years In recent a use of caffeine has dethe more

veloped. The wellknown deleterious effects of caffeine That theobromine, and therefore chocolate products,

have led to many coffee substitutes. One of these is are habitforming is well demonstrated. Like coffee and

caffeinefree coffee, that is, coffee from which the caf- ( Concluded on page 627 oblargely thus feine has removed. been The caffeine

Cola, Cola, PepsiCola, CocaCola, Royal some: Cleo Crown 2These are

is, dissolve sold to manufacturers tained however, who Braser, Cola, Cola, Cola, Dr. Pepper, Cola, Double Western Par-T-Pak O.C.

etc., etc. Chero, Wynola,

statements: confirmatory for the from Smith. Joseph aSee Voice From A Trail, 197 p. Poison 3The

Joel Smith, Johnson, Seasons, from Mountains, H. Times and Hyrum Vbid.

1, early of Seventy, the 1842; the History from Documentary Quorump. 12; June of on Report and Development Growth of the Child, Vol. Ill, p. 484501

5:90; Discourses, Smith, Brigham Young, 283; from from F. Joseph Church, p. Nutrition 1944 Reviews, March

Gospel Doctrine, pp. 366, 367; from Heber J. Grant, Gospel Standards, p. 50. ''Science, May 19, 1944

OCTOBER, 1944 613

Priesthood 'jrjrjFjrjmwJPJPWPJP'W&JP'WW"? WTFWW, vWRITS'&*&&&& IP?W MPWVM> W Wi r l3h H%i Tfffih Tfoir* iniir -i? Mi w ** pi Uti,

CONDUCTED BY THE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH,

CHAIRMAN; CHARLES A. CALLIS, HAROLD B. LEE, EZRA T. BENSON, MARION G. ROMNEY, THOMAS E. MCKAY, CLIFFORD

E. YOUNG, ALMA SONNE, NICHOLAS G. SMITH, LEVI EDGAR YOUNG, ANTOINE R. IVINS, RUFUS K. HARDY

just recently off the press. This HandIt is advisable that one member of the

Pronunciation book of Instructions is for use by stake quorum presidency act as chairman of presidencies, bishoprics, and other the personal welfare committee; one as

service officers. commitof the Church The following is quoted chairman priesthood Church of the higher name The class of the 1516: as chairman from pages tee; and one mispronounced. been long has

Mel is pronounced with the e as in Quorum Committees: Each quorum instruction committee. Subcommittees

mer; chiz, as kiz, i as in it,-—and this of priesthood should have the following may be appointed as occasion requires,

is an i, not an e as commonly prostanding committees to look after special features of the in silent; as as in dek, e nounced; e committees standing These work.

If all to privileged 1. are hold met. Personal Welfare who meet. time to a regular should have this 2. the priesthood pronounce would Service Church

word correctly, soon all Church mem- 3. Class Instruction The Personal Welfare Committee:

bers would be doing the same—and 4. Social and Miscellaneous Activities It is the duty of the personal welfare

here it is spelled as it should be said mel kiz'e dek. Try it over and over

again until it rolls off the tongue correctly and easily. Melchizedek Priesthood Outline of Study, December, 1944

Text: The Gospel Kingdom: Selections from the

Writings and Discourses of John Taylor

LESSON 45 "body politic"in a general conference?

* I 'he program of the Church offers a The Government of the Church What are the general interests of the Church earth? of the Formuand kingdom upon God activity A great 162167. Purpose Topics: for opportunity Text: and The pp.

list. votes late are opposing concrete a Why the and Build Organization. and Church is service. To to designed This program

in assemblies? peocast rarely Are Mormon of Necessity Organof God. Kingdom The enlighten the strengthen and Church. there other to afraid vote "no"? ple Are ization. Priesthoods and Church The Two of organizaevery back purposeThe stake conshould business reasons? a What Presidency., Principle of Government. The

is tion in it education character and If voting consider? 171.) (See ference p. Affairs. of ReAdministration Temporal

building. Each one calls for a corps of sponsibility of Institutions Claiming Church involves a covenant, and if a covenant reofficers and teachers fitted and qualified Connection. Authority in the Church. Prinquires at least two parties, who are the

for leadership. Ward teaching, misciples of Presidency, Apostleship, Quorums, parties to the covenant involved in Church

sionary service, temple and genealogiand Counselorships. "For the Perfecting of voting? What is the responsibility of the

that sustain? to votes one may who When of Principle Saints."the Church Govchoirs, stake A scoutcal work, and ward support? his properly person withdraw What all Forces ernment. Undermine That Theing, other phases of Church and many reis of the authority responsibility the who the of Kingdom. Order Government. The activity, willlikewise, depend upon a is the proper sustaining ceives vote? a What in principles fundamental are There two reliable, ing, leadership. capable and violates the if the conauthority procedure authority government, and common Church

The quorums of the priesthood will consent. Each requires the other; each is fidence of the people? What has the Church

be called upon to supply in larger lifeless and useless without the other. Both judicial system to do with Church governmeasure the personnel needs for these find their basis in latterday revelation. Balment? Are Church courts based on the

principle "authority"or of on fundamental is of successful secret the ance them between responsibilities.various should be They

are consent"? the principle of "common How administration. President government and their to provide shareready of those

this of government? in phase blended both will pages, Taylor's over messages, many direct torequired the carry and on work

light the in these scrutiny great of bear two 47of the Church. LESSON principles. to lesson bring out This happens Progress and Woman's Work meetings Regular the of servChurch authority. of his concerning thought much the Churchice committee consider to and ways of in the uses following lesson emphasizes The

means of reaching the backward and the principle of consent. Text: pp. 177181. Topics: The Women

the of the of Church. The Women. Work is firstindifferent the step towards an instituDiscuss: of the are some What to Relief to Labor, Called Society. Womenincreased participation tions quorum connected the today by with Church? memthe Scriptures. Relief of Expound Work

is is responsibility? their thebers. What What Progress. of Societies. Problem The The principle distinctions, of presidency? What investigations Surveys to and deterthe Saints Forget; Lags. Other Work in be quorums, can a between what made the true conditionmine the of quorum Prejudices. Popular Causes. and Prophecy

president? counselor a can and God Howwill helpful in half finding generally, of the most constitute, be basis a Women the be with "to guide a kingdom"? man How in the greatly are concernedfor and Church revitalization. improvement and All elders side of the the of can be "on God is intithe of Church. an government Thereinformation gathered should properbe is, Israel"? 166.) or (See p. how What their activity relationsip between and mate filedly recorded for reference and when define "insubordination"? In would anyou the of the progress Church.needed. other President connection says Taylor (p. is situation general the of Discuss: What

it difficult find in 167): to preserve "We in our with place compared women's Church purity institutions that those sacred has God societies? religious ancient and modern (An.".(psiMonaL WsdfrthsL agree? given unto us can you Do How interesting or seen be item under two may the the help. priesthood "purity"preserve of

dictionthe the in Bible "Ministry,"heading, RestatementA government? Church edition teacher's in contained the of the ary

Inquiries continue to as to the be made organization of activity scope and of LESSONProblems of46 Church Administration WhatBible useddoes thisby briefthe L.D.S.implicationmissionaries.)signify as

the standing committees of Melchizedek to the importance of the marriage covenant?

Text: Topics only (major pp. 167177. the progress not does more ChurchPriesthood quorums. the Why past During

: listed) Problems of General Church Some it it is general, In does? than "aubecause attentiontwentytwo months, has been Administration. Local Government. Church thority"the lacks genius of advancement, to thesegiven matters in repeatedly this Responsibility Leaders. The of Church it is The or, consent"lags bebecause "commoncolumn. questions are authoritaThe Judicial Church System, in leadership? terms hind Analyze of some

tively answered in "Handbook of InDiscuss: Would President Taylor apconcrete situations in your own ward or

structions, Number Seventeen, 1944,"prove the discussion of matters affecting the quorum.

614 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

committee to become acquainted with Service Commission of Utah on August to asked the commission 30, 1944, and character attitudethe of quorum and NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO prohibiting issue smoking in all an order as these relate to the so farmembers,advancement of quorum ideals. It is COLUMN public buses while in transit on the highnot the prerogative of this committee to Conducted by ways of the state. To us such a request

inquire into private matters which conDr. Joseph F. Merrill is reasonable and not without precedent.

cern only the individual member himIn the states of Idaho and Oregon such self. orders are in effect. Also, smoking is

Weber County Organizes prohibited on street cars and buses in The committee should have or know:

"TThe eight stakes in Weber County, many cities of the country. The Utah

1. A complete list of quorum or group Utah, have organized a committee Commission order will soon go into

members enforcement on effect. observance and law

2. keep number who The have passengers smoke who set Bus pattern the Word of onthe of committee a similar Wisdom in the open opportunity to do so ample in all Salt the stakes Lake County up by tithe 3. payers of number The

4. The number of nontithe payers five years ago. The name indicates the air at one or more of the frequent bus

unwilling second- 5. The number of unemployed purpose of the committee—to see that stops without making

6. The names of those who can render liquor, tobacco, and moral laws conhand smokers of fellow passengers.

service to the quorum and to the cerning youth are observed and enBeer, the Cigarets, and War Church effectivethis forced. be done That may

incapaciof those are names 7. The who for abstainers cause have Tobacco it is the cooperasecure to necessary tated to render service and need ly, who that cigin the regret knowledge deep officers, tion of county and vendors help

8. The names of those who are unable to sheriff and prosecuting attorney. arets apparently are considered essenattend meetings, but who could do so Each stake in the county has one or tial in the food rations of soldiers going

if someone furnished transportation more members on the committee, also out on the battle lines. This fact natural-

9. families the those the of boys assumption the ly supports by on missions How in committee of most an assisting ward

faring are use the favor that must the government duties are to the of the wards, which 10. for after Plans looking absentees in the in its fighting yet men; cigarets of by infractheir report eyes and open keep military service others and the country colleges of schools and etc. of the law, tions Martin of the Samuel 11. direction the of welfare projects The that taught are of land the the youth is the energetic the and Stake of the Ogden the quorum, under of presidency

the quorum. { However, this is a labor capable chairman. smoking is not good for them, neither

in which all the members of the quorum mentally nor physically. Then must not

should be engaged.) Smoking in Buses parents and teachers look with disfavor

on the general distribution of cigarets the personal of The chairman welfare a gentleman a time when There was boys? the soldier amongcommittee regularly is to meet in the each refrained presence smoking from it is said that in some Further,

week with the ward welfare committee of ladies. But that day is past, for women branches of the armed services beer is

as the official representative of the themselves now smoke and, judging by so readily accessible that the boys in priesthood quorum. the practice, smokers, male and female, uniform might easily infer that its use

feel at liberty places in public to smoke they please. and wherePriesthood Groups to Be when No conisThisalsois favoreda conditionby thosegreatlyin desiredauthority.by

Attached sideration given to the to be seems to a Quorum interests of the country. brewing fact the We

to is offensive tobacco many smoke"RJany Melchizedek Priesthood quothat Digest, Chiquote from The Brewers'A that rights have nonsmokers. These cover rums than one more ward. 1941 cago, May

this thought respected. should With be is true often seventiesThis of elders and to the brewpresented opportunity The in the NoLiquor-Tobacco mind Church the casequorums is always and with it is superthat industry obvious is so ing the Public with general committee met priestshigh to fact the. quorums,.. due it detail. is a in to fluous Here go into

that there is only one such quorum in chance for brewers to cultivate a taste for each stake. Where possible one of the beer in millions of young men who will

members of the presidency of the quothe Sunday School work throughout the eventually constitute the largest beercon- rum should serve as the group leader. A stake. suming section of our population.

group is not a quorum but a part of a It is desirable that a definite time for Again, from the Brewers'Journal, quorum and each Melchizedek Priestquorum meetings be set at some period Chicago, July 1942:

hood group should be attached as a part that will not interfere with other meetof a priesthood quorum. Such a group ings in order to permit the maximum atRight now there is a big demand for beer

will be supervised by a group leader and tendance. Where the priesthood meetfrom the service camps, and for shipment to

soil. the forces that foreign are armed on reports willthe the School, before ing is held just be made out by Sunday

to has been help a big brewers many secretary the to This submittedgroup well to might and consideration be given bolstering sales. in the their ofquorum secretary. All such groups holding the priesthood meeting and the

should attend the monthly quorum Sunday School at a time that will permit Wisdom says "to be forewarned is meeting. Where a quorum of the priest- a fifteenminute intermission between to be forearmed."The tempter never

hood is confined to the borders of a the close of priesthood meeting and the sleeps.

single ward, quorum meetings should be beginning of Sunday School. This The free and easy attitude of the auheld weekly. would make it possible for any priestthorities toward the use of alcoholic

hood quorum members who are Sunday beverages and tobacco by youth in the

Time of Quorum Meetings School officers to attend the Sunday armed services is one of the many facTt is reported that in some stakes high School prayer meeting without intertors that should make parents and lovpriests quorum meetings are being rupting the priesthood quorum or group ers of youth hesitate to fall for the sugheld during the regular time of the meeting. gestion of a year of compulsory military

priesthood group meetings and that durtraining for American youth after the ing such periods members of bishoprics Melchizedek Priesthood Secretaries war. Many parents will hesitate to surand other high priests are being urged The stake Melchizedek Priesthood render their boys to an environment in

to attend. The holding of the quorum A committee includes a member of the which beer and cigarets are heartily

meeting at this period would seriously stake presidency as chairman. It is imwelcomed by the authorities. Further,

interfere with Aaronic Priesthood work portant that a member of the stake most parents will want their youth to in the ward inasmuch as each member of presidency always serves in this capacultivate the arts of peace, not war.

the bishopric is assigned during that city. The other members of the commitMany people ardently hope that this

period for a particular phase of the tee should include at least one high time we shall "win the peace"as well

Aaronic Priesthood program. It would priest, one seventy and one elder and as the war, eliminating the likelihood

no doubt also interfere seriously with (Continued on page 618) of any further great war.

OCTOBER, 1944 615

the land should consider seriously these matters. "You want your children sealed to <*4<4<<<<*<<-*<<<<<<<<** you; you want your wives sealed to

you, and wives want their husbands;

Accomplishment the"Toveil meis aitrealityis a certaintyas much thatas here,beyondand youbeyondwantthe yourveil officiatedfolks thatfor.haveWe havegone

just only this is It work. commenced a it is certainty that a the kindred our on St. has George Stake"Phe demonsubject that to ought be awakened we side other are anxiously watching over strated accomplished can be what I to. little will die after while; a and You in their behalf our salvaof movements project the priesthoodtemple of peron I long. not do not do how know we tion. difelders to the abroad go Our for surforming ordinances endowment I will that the privilege ever have know ferent of nations earth the to the preach temples. inplus the male names The again. standing of here not know You gospel, 'one gather a and people few up is letin the followingplan explained it unless to that you, revealed has God family,'city of a bring of a and and two chairter the genealogical stake from will these times opportunities and be It is this Zion. to that principle them onman. officiate lengthened for to out to you this is here. congregation are There

Dear Brother Bennett: people here from the various nations of your kindred; and you are going to meet

day, not which some be far may the availed them of these have earth. Some after the the First assignment, In March, by distant, side, other perhaps and on the themselves of the opportunities afforded the to the brethren holdingPresidency Melchizedek Priesthood, to do the extra male in laboring in the interest of their dead they will ask you what you have done

names in the several temples of the Church, kindred. I have thought sometimes that for them.

St. president, the asked George Templewe this subject conseriously not so was for anything them? done you "Have

liberal toPresident apportion Snow, a numthe sidered Latterday Saints as by in great people the have Church many it A St. to the Stake.ber George president, be. to ought Brother Our yet. not anything a done Only comIt that determined there were 10,000 was labored has a great Wilford Woodruff, in paratively the people few Church in St. the in adGeorgemale names Temple in years temples; the has done many in interest to have have seemed much to equaldition the to a female names, number

and it was decided to ask the St. George more work, perhaps, than anybody else this work; and I will venture to say

Stake to be responsible for 400 percent of in the Church for his kindred and others here that there are plenty of people that the number, or 4,000. who have passed away. have contributed liberally towards

About this same time the Church service "But we have not done a great deal of building the temples and they have not of the sent stake and wardscommittees yet. them to the yet compared amount a work we entered

fill to in to brother askingsheet the him each do. Smith, have to Joseph The Prophet "Brethren and sisters, to me this is the enof he male names do wouldnumber

dowment work for himself, or have it done. to whom the Lord revealed this work important. It is important to you also.

This, I feel, accomplished a great deal of in the first instance, had great concern It is a responsibility that the Lord has good. about it. He impressed the importance placed upon us, and his servants have

Also as a genealogical committee we of it on the minds of the Saints in the carried out his designs in relation to latter his the part of ministry for to responsible be among soasked each ward things. these opportunities are The

little the in total being excess names, felt that Saints themany should people. He within placed reach the our wherein

us. allotted to helpedof the keep 4,000 all it in interest to Wea an with have go and hearts the of to fathers turned be mayinterest providing each a with ward by up their interest in labor of the might and chilchildren the the hearts the of and their of attendance. reportfrequent temple their to talked dead, kindred he and in fathers, to dren the fulfilment the of St. that the probably George know You it. frequently speaking, In about them of the Lord. words for closed 22, vacation JulyTemple summer in saviors to regard Saints the becoming

I to to able report pleased be veryand am Zion, the Prophet upon great Joseph Mount of us not have yet many "A the ofthat of our the stake brethren wards exceeded our allotment by 1,063, making a said thus to his brethren been baptized for our kindred and friends, they andtotal of 5,063 male "endowments done from saviors are they to become 'But how 1 22. side to JulyMarch of the veil. are numerousWe haveonmorethe their Zion? temother on Mount By building

On July 22, the last day, the St. George ples, erecting their baptismal fonts, and relatives and friends on the other side

another temple sponsored priesthoodStake here, than and have go when we we all forth ordigoing receiving the and everyday. attended Brethren from ward will there them. people meet Some we confirmations, baptisms, nances, washthe withdoing 156 male and endowments their their time to spend and means ings, anointings, sealing ordinations, andsisters total for of the a our 236 day by their the search out fagenealogies of in their heads, behalf of uponstake. council, powers stake presidency, high The

thers, are for waiting the geneand some all officers,bishoprics, all supported and their quorum dead, are progenitors and who

I alogies to that come. counsel The theirthis special presence. with day forth that they them redeem come may

to given the Saints in that have regard that the neglect not to mention in resurrection I must exalted the first and be is this those have.: do for that you Go this too,children of in on this, stake were herethrones as to glory with them; of and

they were proxy for 590 baptisms while the in is the chain that binds the hearts of and officiate for those you have, and temple sessions were going on. the fathers to the children, and the chilthen in humility seek the Lord that the

Our stake committee certainly appreciates dren to the fathers, which fulfils the misway may be opened for you to obtain service committees records. the Church andwhat more is moving Lord The upon

dosion of Elijah.'committees have beenward genealogical quite of people a number in the world

ing to I'm frank months. the past happy and apostle that without says 'They "The write to records and genealogies—more that the temple past seasonacknowledge is It perfect.'necescannot be us made at so present before. than ever People

St.the Stake has beyond been George myfor that sealing the should sary power be are after searching things, these perandexpectations. children in seal hands, to our our and they haps not the but why; know Lord Sincerely, of servants dead. our is The who God in this direction, moving great a and

(Signed) A. Pace, Walter the Prophet had have succeeded have people their obtain many can records Chairman spirit in continuing the of the Joseph through this channel, will if they maniGenealogical Committee the that commenced was by work it in it. interest fest an course, takes Of St. Stake George

little means to are here i Prophetmillions ofin thedollarserectionhave ofbeentemples,spentandby toa littleaccomplishtime andthis.perhapsBut wea

the Latterday Saints in the building of do this work! The Lord requires it at

this, in all object temples. There is an our hands, and that it is important weThe Day of Opportunity

Saints should conand the Latterday should give it consideration, not and sider the the"Older let temples purposes for which lifetime our pass without availing away are erected. not of theL'merlyMarrinerone of theW. CouncilMerrill,of forthe Lord had If we ourselves the of opportunities that are

Twelve Apostles, spoke as follows in built those temples, the Lord might have presented to us.

a sermon delivered in 1895: rejected us. The Saints in all parts of (Continued on page 628)

6U THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Aaronic Priesthood

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

LEADERSHIP WARD BOY ClJDUilfL SpMtkdu WHATPRIESTHOODA BOY LIKESLEADERIN A OUTLINE OF STUDY COMMITTEE

NOVEMBER 1944 HThe priesthood, as I understand it, is

Text: HOW TO WIN BOYS A the authority given to men here upon

Chapter XXIII: What About the earth to act in the name of God, our

Discipline? Father. This being true, I am sure there

a boy would like in a are many things leader.Quotations from the Text: priesthood

1. they functioned as our homes Had is it First impor- a most say I would

there comparatively should, would be ROBERT all position. tant have doubt you No litde the of side corrective thought of

are expression, "Parents the (BOB) heard

TALLY their children,"the of actions judged by to 2. teacher, forward look must who teaching.A

lack of attention, who is victimized by likewise, a priesthood leader is judged shoddy treatment from the class of by the actions of his quorum members.

boys, who looks forward with dismay The priesthood leader having the the class to certainly joy with no and leader his the success in work is most session, to teach isn't going any boy adhis students to take who teaches anything.

3. There is no use to try to teach against vantage of opportunities and to do

any pentup and repressed spirit of fun. something for themselves. Our Savior

Let it out! Now and again as a college taught, "By their fruits, ye shall know

teacher, I made, or some student made them."May we say, by the fruits of the

a "break"; the only thing to do was to ( The following address was depriesthood quorums, you shall know

have a big laugh and pass on quickly livered by Robert Tally, a deacon, their leaders.

matters. to educational during the recent leader I have Mr. Graham The best priesthood

this. It Try 618) on page quarterly (Concluded will vastly help your Stake conference. ) discipline. alleged need of

4. "My teacher friends, there is no problem of discipline. Know your subject

and have a real affection for your pupilsappears."—Dr.and the problemWilliamof disciplineMcAndrew,disformer superintendent of the Chicago

schools. 5. But we do well to find the crux of this

very fine and inspiring counsel. For,

after many appearances before dayschool teachers giving the quotation that I have just put down for you, marvelous masters of the teaching art have come up to me to state that they had found this essentially true. They

had loved even hardboiled pupils into PRIESTHOOD MEETING, SUNDAY, JUNE 25, 1944, J0NK0PING BRANCH MEETINGHOUSE, SWEDISH attitude the classroom proper toward MISSION, DURING THE M. I. A. MIDSUMMER—Reported byCONFERENCE.C. Fritz Johansson, Acting President, Swedish Mission their teachers their studies and toward

and officials. Personally this has been

for affection confirmed: A deep pupils (pjwjudli (Di&plcu SiondaAjcL Quxfuwt Chvandiu inattenhabits of will often break down

tion when any pedagogical scheme that any of us could evolve would utterly fail. 6. I seriously doubt if any reformatory

has ever completely reformed any boy I

I've visited these institutions, and I think hardboiled juvenile offenders mean, later on, super hardboiled adults to be tossed upon society.

7. It is quite certain that nobody should!

teach a boy the truths of God's word!

who does not love that word and the boy, too. 8. A boy who feels in tune with you and a,

boy who is completely comfortable id body and interested is almost certainly) no problem.

Helps for the Class Leader:

1. Suggestion number three is a good one

but should be exercised with care.

Avoid its being overdone.

2. Emphasize number four. This is parjustly of the young of These are Twentysecond in proud the Aaronic their accomplishments men Ward ticularly true in our work. Church expresses efforts Hill Bishop appreciation for their Standard program. M. Award Roy Quorum

3. of this lesson seems The crux especially the leaders these with pleased young of to be adeandPriesthoodis men.

quate preparation and a love for boys. Of the young men, he writes: "Of this group fifteen received individual awards for the year 1943,

of the ninetythree Glaus, achieved percentages Olorenshaw, percent some were and by Eugene Gordon in both, us the example Jesus gave

Birch; percent eighties. others high ninetyone of Ralph by Glaus, and a number in the Wayne prepared always had a and he was that ideals for of These found there priesthood boy development leaders have maximum be close must

genuine love for those whom he taught. cooperation between parents and leaders.

OCTOBER, 1944 617 Teaching SSSSg5SSggB3aGEEE55533SS33 CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

Aaronic Priesthood WARD TEACHERS (Concluded from page 617) ever had is the one who has taught me The teacher's duty is to watch over the church always, and be with and to do something for myself, and to take strengthen them;

advantage of all opportunities by setting And see that there is no iniquity in the church, neither hardness with the correct example himself. Through each other, neither lying, backbiting, nor evil speaking;

his actions he has taught me to be willAnd see that the church meet together often, and also see that all the ing; he has taught me to do my part; and members do their duty. (D. & C. 20:5355.)

he has taught me to be dependable so that when assignments were given me they would be filled without question. IA/am JeacherS* l/vle55aae for Ffouembe 1944

Some few weeks ago I had the privilege of going to Phoenix and there THE STANDARD WORKS OF THE CHURCH listened to an oratorical contest which '"Phe standard works of the Church are the Holy Bible, the Book of Morconsisted of one boy from each of the * mon, the book of Doctrine and Covenants, and the Pearl of Great Price.

eleven western states. Out of the eleven, These should be in every Latterday Saint home. They contain the word of

three were represented by boys who bethe Lord to this people and to the world. It seems inconceivable that any

long to the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saint home would be without all four of these volumes.

Latterday Saints. Awards were made It is felt, however, that some of our people are becoming quite negligent

first, places. third, fourthfor second, and in this matter. of negligence in single degree revealed as The a recent ward

the over contest the andAfter was is quite survey families, of shocking. Latterday Saint one hundred Out

( their decisions given andjudges by had all five of the only standards of had Church. the remaining the of works Out

these judges of from one wasthe way, families, ninetyfive Bible, sixtyfive the fortyfive of had the had Book from WashingChicago, were and two thirtyfive the Doctrine Covenants, only and the had and one had first secMormon, of, the and winners )ton, D.C. Price. families Thirty single Pearl of Great did of the volume not own a

boys. L.D.S. both places wereond standard works.

Curious as I was, I asked the two boys that counseled Jesus we "search the scriptures."This we are expected their help. received Both they hadwhere

all. of in our homes first to do answer. answer the The samegave me

was: Is your home destitute of the word of the Lord in printed form? Do

their children outside scriptures"to "search the have to go behome first best training by your and our We received in their there is thing the cause If they no such home? to read want own priesthood in meetour short talksgiving

ings and in Sunday School. Book of Mormon do they have to borrow a copy?

This little experience that I had Children are not expected to supply these books to the home. It is the

proves to my satisfaction that the priestresponsibility of the parents.

hood leader who can induce his quorum There is another disturbing thought revealed in the above survey, i.e.,

members to do something for themselves that the scriptures are not being studied and taught in many Latterday and to take advantage of the opportuSaint homes as they should be. This may not be an intended oversight on

nities that God has given them, is the the part of parents. Nevertheless, it does mean that the spiritual education

leader who is worth while, and who is of many families is being seriously neglected. Our Heavenly Father would

doing his job well. be pleased indeed if this condition were remedied.

I like to quote conclusion, In would are philosophies of popular for time but the only teachings a men The

I together lines that put short have fewa Christ the of gospel endured, or can endure. have of Jesus the day One

dedicate to themmyself, want and in reign will this of earth. kings upon, to over, person and to King come What

leaders: priesthoodour felt to that the pity he the of a be unknown many was Lord word may who

A man who's firm and kind and true, unimportant and so taught their children either in word or through the exas cedar; sturdy a Who's

I'd like ample of indifference. of the sort person That's

To be my priesthood leader! Even in homes where all of the standard works are in evidence, it is

. quite likely that more time and effort could be expended in a study of the

word of the Lord. We can serve the Lord only when we know how he

him. has that given us desires in the scriptures his word He so that we serveMelchizedek Priesthood is It intelligent that his will. the scriptures"know we "search may we

(Continued from page 615) earnestly and prayerfully.

three to of exceed thenot members each Let home be supplied with the standard works of the Church and high council. In additionstake to

all. the studied by

it is that personnel,above recommended each stake committee have a committee secretary who should preferably be the stake clerk or someone assigned as an Attendance of Priesthood at Priesthood As a result of experience during the assistant to the stake clerk. The responMeeting of Stake Conference first two quarters of 1944 and in view

of the requests in that have is fromsibility come of the secretary to see that quarterly confor stake program the 'T'he it is the stakes, of recomnow in their reportsgroup secretaries send the immany emphasizes "ferences, 1944, in that far so as transportation mended these are compiledand that by the... of quoportance

facilities full will permit, attendance a the secretary reports and quorumrum all stake priesthood of attendance... a full of stake the of the priesthood should be stake to the priesthoodsubmitted comcommittees, officers, priesthood quostake

at in the encouraged priesthood meeting in careful formittee time ample checkpriesthood officers the at stake and ward rum ing and submission to the Council of the meeting and that all priesthood members connection with the stake conference.

Twelve. may attend if they desire. (Concluded on page,626)

618 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

What the Music Guild is For

that in each present it is hoped will the guild of the Church US1G wardAt <<<<<<*<*<+< ttt>Jb..TSb,X>jtt.Jl complish the following: ac-

1. Meet once a month for six successive

Jke Second Ujceat"o WARD MUSIC GUILD months,October, beginningfor the discussionduring the ofthirdlessonweekmaof terials prepared especially for these meetBy Gerrit de Jong, Jr. and plans for all the sessions to be held ings by the general music committee. (These

Dean of the College of Fine Arts, by the guild during the entire year will materials will appear on the music page of

Brigham Young University, appear on this page in following issues The Improvement Era each month.)

and Member Music Committee of the General of The Improvement Era. improvement2. Take completeof the qualityresponsibilityof the musicfor usedthe

The guild provides for a significant in all Church gatherings.

detail in explain 3. Dignify and the work activities of of the the general expansion music the ward ago year now A

choristers of organists of the and expected It is of the purpose committee.* music the beginning committee announced the ward. the consider guild to music ward organizationof music under the a ward new re- 4. time for choir a Designate ward

the name of "Ward Music Guild."A music problems of the entire ward and hearsals that will be respected by all other

statistical survey shows that in about to provide for their solution. The plan ward organizations to the end that the ward

one third of all the wards contacted a outlined calls for six democratic meetchoir will not suffer from avoidable interward music guild was organized and the ings (note: meetings, that is, discussions ference. {Continued on page 629)

program suggested on this page was folwith all participating, not lectures ) durlowed. Wherever the plan was put into ing the year. The first meeting of the

operation, great benefits were noticed. series should be held preferably during Class for Choristers

Wherever the response was heartiest, the third week of October. The member

the results obtained were greatest. Some of the ward bishopric in charge of music T incoln Ward, Idaho Falls Stake, istypical comments made about the new activities is the president of the guild, giving training to some twentyone

plan are quoted here: and will announce the date and time for prospective choristers under the directhe meetings, and be generally respontion of Oscar W. Johnson, with Marie

We have been organized from the start sible for the auspicious beginning of the Egbert, organist and assistant director.

and wish to say it is the finest move ever work to be done by the guild. He will This class meets at 8:30 on Sunday

begun. Keep it up! even want to make specific assignments mornings. Using the Church Choristers'

Members feel that it is a better organizawell in advance of the first meeting, in Manual by J. Spencer Cornwall as a

tion than the music committee. order to safeguard its success. guide, and with batons cut from neighHas brought renewed interest and enborhood willows provided for eachthusiasm. What the Guild Is member, conducting is practiced in uniis three given attention to Special

good. Very We asstudents are three songs, and then

it. requestedyou

these respectively songs to direct Wehadhadit beenorganizedcallingbeforeit the wardThemusicward chairmanmusic guild(theconsistsmemberof theof son.signed Grinders.""Organ

designated the to superbishopric ward School. in the following Sunday Fills longfelt need for coordination. activities ), the vise musical the ward's says Brother Johnson A vital their leader choir and organist, forward step. We hope the proward ease with which these young people The will continue.gram all choristers assistants, and organists has the essentials of conducting learned have

Having profited by the experience had of the various auxiliary organizations been a revelation to us. Our experiment has

with the new plan during the first year, and priesthood groups, and all others in led us to believe that the ability to conduct the general music committee has comthe ward who are interested in the imour songs could be just as universal an acpleted plans for the second year of the provement of our Church music. The complishment in our Church as the ability to

music guild, and hope that sufficient stake music committee should do all it pray or preach.

interest in our Church music will be encan to encourage organization and This is indeed a worthwhile project.

gendered to lead to the organization profitable activity on the part of the The Era would be happy to hear from and functioning of such a guild in each ward music guilds. choristers in other wards engaged in

ward of the Church. The general activisimilar efforts. Alexander Schteinet

ties of the guild are outlined herewith, LINCOLN WARD, IDAHO FALLS STAKE, Schreiner

CHORISTERS

OCTOBER, 1944 619

schools and special classes, within the public schools, care for many of the handicapped children.

pitals Schools,""Incomplete conduct AreWe Educating Them? Many orthopedic and children's hosschools the children sending to public

By Elinor Scoville for several classes each week. The

trend is to avoid segregation of the PABCO 7TRE we educating America's three handicapped by giving them as many l\ hundred and sixtyfive thousand normal contacts as possible. When,

J. A. physically handicapped children? due to the intensity of the handicap, the AiumiSMeM Are these children, crippled by accichild is unable to attend a special school

DOUBLERESISTANT dents, birth injuries, and congenital deor special class, he is taught either in the

their beside their places take visiting teacher furnished physiat by a home ROLL ROOFING tofects and malformations, being educated institution to which he is confined, or postwar in the cally fellows school. normal the public by

world? Are they being trained in trades Recently built schools for the physiand skills that are adapted, to their cally handicapped have been conhandicaps and to the needs of the poststructed by architects who have studied

war world? Will their education and the needs of these children. The buildtraining fit them for normal and ecoings and their equipment are adaptable

nomically satisfying lives in that world? to the handicaps; they are built with all

The educational picture for the physiclassrooms on the ground floor, easily cally handicapped shows that these accessible for wheel chair and crutch questions are answered in a construccases. Special sight conservation rooms

tive way. Each year educational faciliprovide facilities for blind and partially

ties for these children are being imblind children, and Braille is taught in proved and expanded, because of the many schools. Rooms are especially

united efforts of organizations and inequipped for deaf children, with visual dividuals vitally concerned with the aids, systems of lights instead of bells, welfare of crippled children. The conmechanical hearing aids, and lip reading

tinued efforts of public spirited citizens classes, augmenting the regular curriare resulting in better educational legisculum. These latter improvements are

lation in each state. Character guidance only available in the larger school sysis well integrated into many educationtems, but progressive administrative ofal programs by individualized programs ficers are noting and installing many of

for each child. Funds have been made these innovations in their own schools.

available for special training for teachWhere climatic conditions permit, outers of the handicapped. door classes are held for tubercular,

Despite these advancements, educamalnourished, and lowered vitality tional facilities for the handicapped are cases.

not uniform throughout the United

States, but vary in each state, each Qome of the states, through their deIn wear, in insulation—the county, and with each particular school partments of education, provide

most sensational development board. Adequate establishment and adtransportation for physically handiof the century in roofing! ministration of schools and classes for capped children. This is a vital necessiAluminum surface reflects thethe needshandicappedand the resourcesdepends largelyof the localupon tyeducation.in aiding Theythese childrenalso furnishto securespecialan

heat rays...makes building ity. There is great stress on the adequipment necessary to facilitate the

interiors up to 15 cooler.. visability of home teachers for the children's attendance. Pools have been

teachers homebound child, ward of schools the for the included newer in most reduces fire hazards... doubles hospitalized child, schools and hospital the as great preponderand institutions,

the resistance. Ask your for those in the abulic state. Special (Concluded on page 628)

PABCO dealer to show you the superiority of AlumiShield

- ed Paint.

s. wss*-*"i* FRIED CORN MEAL MUSH

with Tea Garden syrup

blend, with the... a delicious on Syrup y and uses only 'eT -ft Tea Garden Cane and Maple maple sugar. flavor of pure

jfcTea Garden Drips... a thicker

syrup, deeper color... distinctively

different flavor.

THE PARAFFIN E COS. INC/

SAN FRANCISCO 19, CALIFORNIA Breakfast Menu Hit!

Loo k in 'thePoached Eggs in Ham Cups*

Cages'"Yellow Meal Fried Mush Corn local for your Syrup Tea Garden dealer, FABCO f";'i''

slices minced of round 'Fry ham until they form cups.

620 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Cook's Corner vowmmtsmil Josephine B. Nichols m$T VEUC/QVS. SPRMV TWtCK

IUTake a touchdown with the crowd tv/rnPt/xx&'s TrocoMargawner after the football game with a buffet supper.

Touchdown Supper

Chili Bowl Rolls Stuffed Celery and Olives Hot Apple Cider Doughnuts

Give soldier boys their favorite foods.

Furlough Party

Braised Chicken French Fries Cloverleaf Rolls Heart of Lettuce Salad Thousand Island Dressing Honey Pumpkin Pie Chili Bowl 1 pound ground beef }/j cup grated onion fat 2 tablespoons urkee* 1 kidney cups cooked 2 can or No. 2]/2 biscuits, muffins, Yes, waffles, panbeans

breads of every kind all taste 1 soup iwm condensed tomato ounce can iFJpi 6ETA,H cakes, 10H 1 cup water better when you spread them thick 1 celery chopped cup with Durkee's Margarine. Troco

salt teaspoons \ l/2 Margarine Troco is made 1 chili tablespoon powder Durkee's

Brown meat and onion in hot fat. Add by an improved process that churns

remaining ingredients. Simmer one hour. the pure, nutritious vegetable oils

Pour into serving dish, garnished with onion right in with the fresh pasteurized rings. Serves six. skim milk.

Doughnuts Improves all foods IN them and ON them 2 eggs 1 cup sugar 3 tablespoons butter V/i cups flour milk 1 cup teaspoons 4 baking powder FIE FOODS TO FEATIREFI1 FOODS TO BUY!

1 teaspoon vanilla Some foods just naturally have what it takes to please the )A teaspoon nutmeg majority of people. Royal Gelatins, Royal Puddings, Royal

Y2 teaspoon salt Baking Powder and Fleischmann's Foil Yeast rate high in

Combine eggs and sugar and beat very popularity because they're superb in quality and goodness.

light. Add melted butter. Add sifted dry These Standard Brands Products are fine foods to feature

ingredients alternately with milk.... fine foods to buy.

FLEISCHMANN'S FOIL YEAST inch thickness. board Roll on floured to Y

cutter let stand V-8 VEGETABLE JUICES with and doughnutCut twenty minutes before frying. Fry in just ROYAL GELATIN DESSERTS

enough hot fat to cover dough, turning as ROYAL BAKING POWDER soon as doughnut rises. Fry until brown, ROYAL SALAD GELATIN

about five minutes. ROYAL PUDDINGS

Braised Chicken

1 medium chicken Yi cup flour salt and pepper 2 cups thin cream Cut chicken into serving pieces. Season

and dredge thoroughly with flour. Cook in

small amount of fat until a rich brown. Add

liquid, cover tightly, and simmer until chicken is tender.

Standard Brands Incorporated Heart of Lettuce Salad with Thousand

Island Dressing Form cups from outer leaves of iceberg lettuce. Cut head into 4 to 9 wedge shaped

..pieces, and arrange a wedge in each cup of IN USE For OVER FIFTY YEARS we orrEn

lettuce. Top with dressing. Aids in treatment of Canker, simple A COMPLETE

Thousand Island Dressing sore throat and other minor mouth ENGRAVING SERVICE to Missionary Portraits the Largest 2 cups mayonnaise and throat irritations. FromCatalogues

sauce cup chili Mail 34 Prompt Orders Given Attention 2 tablespoons chopped green pepper olives stuffed 2 tablespoons chopped UTAH CO. ENGRAVING Hall's Canker Remedy St. Salt Lake City, all ingredients. Utah Combine 536 East 2nd City, Utah 113 Regent So.—at Salt Lake {Concluded on page 622)

OCTOBER, 1944 621

(Concluded from page 621) to \Yi cups cannedHoneyorPumpkincooked pumpkinPie

Y cup honey Yi teaspoon cinnamon vanilla teaspoon salt teaspoon?*y7ti4v***. YzYi

2 eggs, slightly beaten 1 cup evaporated milk 1 unbaked pie shell Combine pumpkin, honey, cinnamon, vanilla, and salt. Add eggs and milk. Pour

mixture into unbaked pie shell. Bake in hot

oven (425 F.) 40 to 45 minutes.

Pie Shell

1J4 cups flour 4 tablespoons cold water Yi cup shortening Yi teaspoon salt Cut fat into sifted flour and salt with pastry blender. Mixture should be about

the size of peas. Add a small amount of

water to portions of dry ingredients and press gently to form small balls of dough.

Flour board evenly. Roll pastry to }/$ inch

thickness. Place in pan. Trim one inch

larger than pan and turn back edge. Flute

rim.

And Here's the Western Way to makeFlour andso easilythis testedwith recipe.Globe "Al"Bake This AllAmerkan Dessert Western housewives have baked Handy Hints

Top of the apple season to you, with Globe "Al"Flour for over 40 ladies! years makers guarantee and the

success. This is the time when your family your complete... baking See Payment for Handy Hints used will be

will come to dinner hungry as the unconditional guarantee above. one dollar upon publication. In the event

wolves when they smell the spicy For perfect baking results every that two with the same idea are submitted, goodness of a homebaked apple time take a tip from Western cooks the one postmarked earlier will receive the pie. Juicy apples and tender, flaky—use a tested recipe and guarandollar. None of the ideas can be returned*

crust—the specially good kind you teed Globe "Al"Flour. but each will receive careful consideration.

I Yellowed lace may be whitened by soak-

A-l APPLE PIE ing in sour milk or buttermilk.-—Mrs. G. P.,

Flaky Pastry Utah. Delta, I

shortening vegetable 1 cups Globe "Al "Flour % tup 1 (approx.) salt cop water teaspoon Vi for picnics or school lunches may Oranges

into flour and shortening Sift flour once; measure. Cut slices. in halfinch crosswise Then cut salt be

size water peas. of the until pastry blender) (with about Add toback slices to the center. Put the cut particles until at a fork, with form a a drops time, mixing few

a ball when lightly pressed together. Divide into two parts, gether and wrap neatly in waxed paper.

separately. part (Will in Roll each paper and chill. wrap waxed without easily eaten are then oranges The

pieshells. 9-inch pie or twocrust two 9-inch one make

messiness. E. Oklahoma the usual W. K Filling

City, Oklahoma. sugar granulated \'i tarl cup large, apples 6

Vt to Vj cup brown sugar, firmly packed butter salt 2 tablespoons teaspoon cinnamon teaspoon to each starch added of corn % Vi tablespoon A genshell slice apples; Pare, core and flaky. pie flour crust more of makes cup

,<*-'"*'depending sugars erously. fillamountpastry Combine Utah. G., Smithfield, F. Mrs. apples) tartness, cinnamon,( of and salt; upon

sprinkle over apples; dot with butter. Roll out

thickness to pastry about nch remaining VSH toglasses wedged become two When to a in center crust. gashes for few top Cut

in the one upper cold water place gether, of edges escape steam. under of Moisten allow V seseal crust, edges crust, trim adjust and top in They one the set lower warm and

fork. tips fingers or of top curely with Dot little with will separate then effort.—Mrs.water. tiny butter, of crust a dabs and with few

sprinkle just a dash of sugar and flour over G. H., Hinckley, Utah.

attractive, to the get brown top an uneven 4 surface; egg or beaten with brush or milk top cover on the ironing board the cut If you

F. for glaze. (450 a in hot white oven Bake ) t wrinkles. with will bias, have no trouble you to reduce minutes, then for 15 moderate* heat

C. T. M., Bellevue, Michigan. (350F.

utes longer,) andor untilfinishapplesbakingareabouttender.45 Servemin-—Mrs.

cold. or hot glass, or canned china, packing When tart, very If apples are not add NOTE: it thoroughly. excelsior. use Dampen of grated rind juice 1 lemon;1 teafruit, and spoon lemon

or spoonif appleswater. are known to be dry, add 1 tableAsformingit dries,a protectiveit will shapeframework.-—Mrs.itself to the articles,M.

/. C, Portland, Oregon. hB

When butter is too hard to spread easily, try turning a heated bowl or pan upside down over the butter dish for a few minutes.

This softens the butter without melting it.

water.—Mrs.Bowl may be heatedC. F. P.,by Seattle,filling withWashingboiling

ion. IGLOBE /iVI FLOUR

To keep pancakes from sticking to the griddle, put three tablespoons of table salt TM into a clean cotton cloth. When the griddle

is hot, rub the salt bag over it and pour in the batter.—Mrs. L. M. A., Levan, Utah.

622 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

News From The Camps ***-4*< gg gggggggggg*an; f g.!'g

New Guinea Ho Caught up in a crescendo of voices

Singing the melodious refrain.

are slipping over the blue sea like the The bass boomed in from the oceanWElight of an albatross. The white crested And the tempo grew strong in might.

waves that are cut by our boat are like the The soft gentle breeze took over the trees billows of some fleecy clouds. We enter a As they swayed in the moon's silver light. beautiful harbor and the first thing that I feel that the concert is ending fijCUUL

catches our eye is the perfect coast line As the maestro goes back to the sea, fringed with graceful palms and mango But I am certain that He who created us all BY JAMES H. ANDERSON

trees. tree see the towerIn the background Wrote the palm symphony. we BETWEEN THE ing COVERS OF mountains shrouded in mystery by a S/Sgt. A. Milton filmy mist. Judd THIS THE BOOK IS STORY BACK Guinea New

in landing Yes, the land we are of the OF THE STORY OF JOSEPH the trade winds, sarong, the famous and

Melanesian peoples. We are greeted with a SMITH—THE LATTER DAY PROPHfull cheerful a smile "Hello,"and of warmth Wallasey, Cheshire, England ET. HERE IS THE KEY TRUTH friendliness. that and They know 25th, 1944 we are July the man "Merica"and friends. WHICH CONFIRMS WITH FORTY

Our barge is accompanied by the young Dear Brother and Sister Torres: CENTURIES OF SOLID HISTORfishermen in village their of the bright will surprised to be hear very from V/ou ICAL FACTS, ALL OF HIS UNIQUE all sarongs. are land on agasp when we We girls Elias of talks but the * me, and you

the silvery the beauties sands behold and unCLAIMS. the home, us back and showed way

us. folding before graceful coconut The sent works Church so you was he him—he trees, the the palms, feathery pepper, banana to receive them. proud fully To "the understand the flowering these and along mangos; with

his off spends at of weekends most He of flowers, vivid lianas, the interlocktangled why"Joseph Smith and his our looks he home, and as upon me ing like roots of at paradise maze seem may the story Mormonism should is mother. English lad a grand loved and He first. realize island the But soon you

all in contact. with he comes is by whom begin, not life. with 1805, in teeming him with

the seen cuttings pictures have and We striking are creatures seen most The but 4000 with his years ago sent realize have him he the you and would why birds. the are kinds There from black many

like girls join to the their holiliteral ancestors, on summer Abraham, the beautiful to red cassowary bird plumed of paradise, the flocks of days. and after sundown, Isaac, Jacob, Joseph and He did quite a lot of practice this weeknesting snowwhite cockatoos going to their

places. Parrots of every color are most end on his violin, and he is going to Preston Ephraim.

with on to Sunday at husband play my common. like actual, you historical Would Church. strong a has testimony of the He jungle journey on into the and come We proof that is kept his fine gospel, has of and a promGod example Mormonfind village, native a upon keeahp, or and

friends and among nonmembers. ises to fathers all your to the and old or ism and in weaving young together busy

preparing food for the day. The feast this Our home is his and he is just like one of prophets, including Joseph Smith?

particular day is being given by the widow the family....

of a recently departed husband. like the Would you to The answer menu Yours sincerely,

consists fresh of mostly a luscious fruit and hundreds of gospel study quesroot, roasted (chicken), sego kahkarook Gladys A. Millard tions that have never been fully tahroh. (a type of potatoes (vege- ), sahyoo

table), koolau (coconut milk), papaya fruit answered for you before?

(pronounced pawpaw-eemau) The guests are seated in a circle around a DIMINUENDO CON TOMATO Would a "key"to history and scripture which unlocks "the larger is the served roasted fire from which pork or By 1st Lt. Dean B. Farnsworth truths"help you. root,chicken the sego been and which have

likeroasted of roasting ears in husks of our "\ little songsters have been in SENDcorn. plates are inches FOR fourteen about EDITION THE The NEW

again, yard LmyTature's in fine are diameter a from very and made THE IDEAL NOW. GIFT XMAS all red. sampled tomatoes touched with Have slightly carved.ebony are wood, There no

knives or forks; we use our fingers. I'm very fond of minstrelsy and frankly will FOR EVERY LATTERDAY SAINT.

concede is All so so and can much be That warblers earn their share of daily is allseen, that awhirl, I must and myinteresting,head bread. EARL Publisher W. HARMER.

return and ask someday newfound my 7th 945 So. East

friends to take us exon a pearl and fishing Salt City 4, Lake Utah But prima donna nibbling picking, sampling, pedition. one, one by the Please send books checked below S/Sgt. A. Milton Judd the choicest though fruit decks As other postpaid.

plants, $2.00 GOD'S COVENANT RACE quite since slightest the beyond endurance H. By James Anderson

little peck PALMS Is OF SYMPHONY THE of The Story PioThe Mormon Is invitation dinner ants. to the

; neers $2.00 the golden faded, has duskWhen By Mabel Harmer I in fancy strayed have I I fear And from I hear pulling what when am

Along the ocean's silvery sands weeds and hoeing. One Who Was Valiant $3.00

To hear an evening serenade, While loss to winged whistlers mounts still By Clarissa Young Spencer

The orchestra was the graceful palms higher, (The home life of Brigham Young)

Dressed in a midnight blue The very worst offenders, yea, the gluttons Check or money order enclosed

Touched here and there with the silvery of the flock light, Are far too raucous even for the choir. Q Send C.O.D.

Coming from the stars'bright hue.

The maestro was the man in the moon Now days are growing shorter and the Name

Who came up from out of the sea cooling autumn breeze

The curtain is raised, Is thinning out the thatch of summer shade, Address Hark! The orchestra starts I idly ask the question: Will there be Your orders will receive prompt attention.

On the palm tree's symphony. tomatoes left

I listened close and could plainly hear When all the pinioned pipers have been

Strings in a pagan strain paid?OCTOBER, 1944 ********623

I

"tfifc9& &W* wofc (Boolou Announcing makt. itBBTfg.. SAMUEL BRANNAN AND THE GOLDEN FLEECE (Reva Scott. The Macmillan Co., New A NEW BOOK \&i "tint a\<\$ That York City. 462 pages. $3.75.)

Sam Brannan, "San Francisco's forgotmaki&GQOD/ ten Jason,"walks again! Last year we

had Paul Bailey's historical novel, The Gay Saint; and now a Actionized biography. JOSEPH SOUTH

So Fresh partySam ofwasLatterdaya colorful Saints,figure, inleaderthe ofshipa

So Smooth Brooklyn,fornia's firstto citizen,San Francisco;its first millionaire,in his day Caliand THE PROPHET

first in many other things. He proved unSo Good faithful to his Church and its standards, and by PRESTON NIBLEY

died, forgotten, unhonored, in near beggary.

His life story reads like a romance; and

leaves the sober lesson that to trifle with The Prophet of the Restortruth leads to sorrow. ation is the subject of

romantic This life has been well told by

Mrs. Scott. She has collected her materials everincreasing interest.

with care, from many sources, and has brought to light several forgotten incidents This book, a complete biof Sam's career, especially through her conversations with Sophie Brannan Haight ography, offers the facts into crept inaccuracies of have life, number his remarkable A about durkees after that proposition the the as book, such letters includes sermons, the should death, be Smith's Church "GENUINE/ Joseph a fellow led Smith was (who by Hyrum the reveand documents; vMAYONNAlSt Pratt that or statement the martyr), Orson

came into Salt Lake Valley first and alone. lations condensed and a

Lovers of the history of the West, and all wealth of new matter to follow delight human an adventurous who will gained by careful recareer, to success or failure, whether ill enjoy this latest; story of Sam Brannan 's search and onthe-scene

ONE OF DURKEE'S FAMOUS FOODS vividSpecialpersonality.mention should be made of 111 investigation.

'pamoat fin &c?6edtIZunUty notescomprehensiveof the originbibliography,of statementsand made,the pasthe 580 Pages

SINCE 1 857 senger list of the ship Brooklyn. There is a

good sketch map, with key, of San Francisco Price $3.00

in 18461848. Several of the illustrations

appear not to have been published before. MAIL THE COUPON

DESERET COMPANY BOOK DEPENDABLE /. A. W. Street 44 East South Temple FOLLY PLOWMAN'S Salt 958, City Lake Box Grosset and Dunlap, P. O. (Edward H. Faulkner. TRANSPORTATION New York City. 155 pages. $1.00.) Please send me Preston Nibley's10. Ut.

book: new for the farmer, reading even is good

all that the not agree with does jjQA, a natiott at Wab Thisif he SMITH, THE PROPHET JOSEPH author says. The message of the book is Enclosed is $3.00.

that plowing should loosen the soil without turning it over. That means that the moldName

board plow should be replaced by the disc or a subsoil plow. Address -

This is not wholly new. H. W. Campbell

more than thirtyfive years ago, advocated especially subsoiling, water was where "nxvx.... -.;.., for discing has been practiced scarce; and

years. many

are needs military making While against presents case a author good The faciliGreyhound on demands heavy soils the and plow. For moldboard many

is of shortage serious a ties, there and is right. there But, conditions he under many continupersonnel, buses and we are a under exceptions, notably be many may essential dependable, provide to ing rainfall. limited

travelers. civilian for transportation a farming is rendering good Faulkner Mr.

We appreciate your understanding service by challenging an established pracof wartime travel conditions and tice. Out of the coming investigations, new

thank you for your cooperation. paths of agricultural progress will be

trips, necessary taking Before we opened.—/. A. W.

local that consult your suggest you agent. Greyhound He HEALTH AND can tell you YOUR HOME best be accommodated. you can when Pacific Press Publishing (Ellen G. White.

AIR CONDITIONED BUSES Association, Mountain View, California. 380

OVERLAND pages. $4.50. Always delicious. YOU make any flavor This is a popular discussion of the prinin 2 minutes. Please ask your grocer for

ciples which, if observed, lead to and true friends, "health, a home, happyGREYHOU LonDOtiDcnRy835 Howard Street, San Francisco 3, Collf, it thirtyfive chapters of In mind."peace

Operated by discusses briefly, but helpfully, the common

INTERSTATE TRANSIT LINES problems of home and personal life and living. The chapters are grouped under six

main headings: Laying the Foundation,

dealing with the home; Maintaining Physi624 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

LITERARY ENGLAND lustrations, all of which have fitting descripBook; (David E. Scherman and Richard Wilcox, tions with excerpts from some of the bestof to the impress'authors England loved Christopher Morley. Preface with a by nutriofcal touching Fitness, problems upon further. reader 1943. York. $4.00.) House. Random New especiallytion; noting of Health, Enemies is this that readers a Surely, book of Engentirely are inadequate narcotics, intemperance;stimulants, words and Sometimes will lish literature not to wish

simple of is Sick, the of the this use fromCare to describe one of a book—and C. J. miss.—M. of prayer; the toremedies consists power of pictures The those books. book The

Divine Teacher and Physician, stressing of many of the places loved by students of man's duty to man; and The Higher Life, English literature throughout the EnglishTHE MAKING OF MODERN CHINA

setting forth the necessity of faith in God speaking world. The Castle of Tintagel, (Owen and Eleanor Lattimore. W. W.

for life's happiness. birthplace of the beloved King Arthur; The Norton & Co., Inc., New York. 1944.

It is a plain, simple presentation of wellAbbey of Glastonbury, founded by no less 212 pages. $2.50.)

often forgotten, guides to daily butknown, of CanterArimathea; than a person Joseph

great allies of our is unpardonIgnorancejoy.—/. the throughout Cathedral, famed bury A. W.

such as this are availbooks able when of England, so loved world; Coasts by The

THE DESIRE OF AGES Shakespeare; Fleet Street, made famous by able for our reading. The Lattimores have

(Ellen G. White. Pacific Press Publishing the conversations of Samuel Johnson which made a particularly capable study of the

Association, Mountain View, California, 863 took place therein; An Oak in Sherwood Chinese of modern days, and in addition

pages. $8.00.) Forest that sheltered Robin Hood; Old have laid a scholarly background of"Chinese

tragedies, dynasties, their contributions and all that to Curiosity Dickens belongs Shop of edition Mrs. White's is a newThis

fifty ilof the are lovers; these only a few 626) (Concluded on page ilthe ages, conflict of "the of study

lustrated in the life of Christ."It is a wellknown work of a woman full of faith in.

Jesus, who attempts to tell the story of Christ and its meaning in life, unencumbered by the burden of cold, lifeless findings of unbelievers. We may differ about her method,

but her simple faith is uplifting.—/. A. W Jnnounctng a flew {Boon

TAKE THEM, STRANGER (Babette Deutsch. Henry Holt and Company, New York. 1944. 72 pages. $2.00.)

Striking deep into reality, these poems offer a strong antidote to those who would glorify the easy life. It is impossibleto give an adeguate analysis of these poems JOSEPH

without considering each one carefully, but in order that the vigor of the author's figures partially are appreciated, here bemay some THE PROPHET readtheof the excerpts should bring which er up against the strength of her writing:

"History, as he lives in the hearts of his people

Coming too close, Is monstrous, like a doll That Who istriesalivetoandholdbiggerit."than the child BY DR. DARYL CHASE

"... he wears the future of the Logan L. D. S. Institute

As lightly as a flower."

"... they drop words like buttons

loosed from a worn thread."A glowing, fervent, faithpromoting appreTo all mothers, whose sons are in this

terriblegreat and war, her poem, "To My ciation of the man whose career changed will the sons,Son,"prove significant, and to it will prove challenging.

to claim that they do Even those who not the lives of thousands 100. years ago and

this for will poetry,care prove volume thoughtprovoking, enjoyable reading.

M. C. /. after more than a century continues its unRUSSIA AND THE PEACE

(Bernard Pares. Macmillan Company, New diminished influence over hundreds of

York. 1944. 293 pages. $2.50.)

Englishman of this is an author book thousands.The

to the attached in Russia, has lived who

British Embassy as well as having been ofBritishficial governfor the correspondent 50 in he that country. Moreover,ment has Price $|

literahistory, and language,taught Russian ture at the Universities of London and Liverpool. This study of Russia is well worth

our.reading, for the author deals with such

pertinent guest'ons as: The RussoPolishDuel: Ukraine; The Polish Question Today; *

Russia, Czechs, and the Balkans; as well as

Russia in relation to Turkey, Persia, India,

England, and America. With conditions for the establishment of DESERET BOOK COMPANY

world peace uppermost in our minds, it 44 East South Temple Street behooves all of the people of each nation to learn about other peoples. This book will Salt Lake City 10, Utah P. O. Box 958

offer a good background study of Russia. Ii

affords a means of understanding the history "The Book Center of the Intermountain West"of this great country, and of seeing some of the mistakes as well as achievements of our ally. M. C. J.

OCTOBER, 1944 625 Book* Melchizedek Priesthood findstabilizean themeconomicin theirsecuritychangedwhichworld.will

(Concluded from page 625) (Concluded from page 618) We must make it easy for them to again so that the reader has a background for the fit into the quorum activities.

conditions of today in that great country. SojwtL&TJtL&jc&ltanM In our planning, we should indicate

The book is conveniently divided into A lthough winter is nature's time for that we have been thinking of them, the parts: People;four and Land The The ** rest, priesthood should the be eagerly their awaiting return. every Our

Civilization; LivingOldest China; Modern activity stirred greater to during even thought should and action be such that

of the and Tomorrow.and Today One this should season. Priesthood indicate members to them appreciation our we

is that features of the half over bookgood wellto sacrifices preparing tasks the of for the that awaken they have made, picture, the to current withis devoted a careful analysis of situations which need laid plans for the reception and enterand also that we again welcome them consideration for a just consideration and tainment of the servicemen when they into activity where they may help us treatment of China as one of the four great return home. Projects should be laid to as well as themselves obtain greater joy

world powers. M. C. J. help them readjust to civilian life and in our priesthood association.

1AM1 MM

Heavy Duty Motor Oil FREE BOOKLETS PICTURE PROCEDURE

Cleans Dirty Engines Here's a simple of cleanmethod ing sludge and varnish from your FOR MAKING WHEEL BEARINGS LAST engines. 1. Drain present oil from All summer long the roller and ball bearings in your car, truck and

crankcase while hot. 2. Renew implement wheels have been fighting the effect of gritty dust, hot

filter element. 3. Fill crankcase weather, jolts and shocks. Now, whether they're to be stored or kept

with RPM Heavy Duty Motor in use, they face the deteriorating effect of winter moisture. n 100SENS SLUDGE VARNISH AND KestKilling!/ I cipray Aids your want wheel bearings You THROUGHOUT OIL SYSTEM life for last the to of the machines rhiflfpnuiicKen HniKAnouse lfk<inllnuean-up,re will they clean on if you They

Regular cleaning of coops and poultry houses, followed by thorough spraying with Standard

Poultry House Spray will help CARRIES prevent the spread of coccidiosis

DEPOSITS and other diseases. It kills mites,

TO ticks and fleas. Comes ready to use

CRANKCASE in 5- and 55gallon containers.

Machines Cleaned Easier ACCUMULATIONS KEPT IN SUSPENSION with Special Solvent AND REMOVED WITH DRAININGS

When cleaning your equipment for storage, save time Oil. 4. washing by fast idle engine at for Run regularly them lubricate and them

it with Standard Chassis Cleaner. hours, keeping two water temperawith Bearing Wheel Grease. RPM

It quickly cuts dirt ture grease at and 5. 200 about degrees. Drain help service bearyou To wheel off washes fill cold with water. while hot and Use with RPM right, ings exactly Standard has Standard Chassis Cleaner straight 6. Duty. Heavy Place engine in prepared free booklets. two One in or solution of a regular service 1 part cleaner drain and at onethe shows step -step service -by half drain normal period or 750 procedure for passenger cars and miles, first. whichever comes light trucks. other, stepthe The oil frequently Check as of removal bystep for procedure heavyduty deposits temporarily increase may trucks trailers. first will and The 7. consumption. Drain while hot help ballservicing you when and oil if filter replace and necessary. rollerbearings in other equipment,

8. Refill with Heavy Duty RPM too. in is step the booklets Each return and to regular drain and illustrated or one pictures by more filter period. change Continue to like the here. one shown use Oil. Heavy Duty Motor RPM

By government directive this oil Ask for your FREE copy of cannot be used in passenger cars. ings—Passenger|'How To ServiceCarsWheeland LightBearTrucks"or "How To Service

10 parts to about water. Linseed Grease Prevents Rusting Wheel Bearings—HeavyDuty

is usually soap to this added soluTrucks and Trailers."The first is

of LandPolished Parts tion when washing cars or trucks. ready for you now; the latter will

One of the best ways to protect Ask your Standard Man about it. be off the press soon.'

landpolished surfaces in offsea- sons is to apply a generous layer of RPM Cup Grease. STANDARD OF CALIFORNIA

626 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS ENJOY INEXPENSIVE

{Concluded from page 613) upon the blessings promised in the revtea, it powerfully invites the user to elation: PRIZEWINNING

the imget more.come and Today

all remember to keep and And saints who habit chocolate is causingmoderate these sayings, do to ORANGE MARMALADE walking in obedience illness. of chocolatemuch The use milk the shall health commandments, receive in It's Easy To Make Anytime cease. children shouldby school their to their bones; navel and marrow and

The people of the United States apshall find wisdom and great treasures of With This Simple Recipe pear today to be in the clutches of danknowledge, even hidden treasures; and shall

gerous, habitforming drugs. There was run and not be weary, and shall walk and 6 Medium Sized Oranges

I, faint. not the lbs. Lord, give Sliced) unto them And (2 liquor, tobacco, a timenever and when

promise, the that a destroying shall angel 6 Cups Water in drinks dehabit-forming such were the pass Israel, as children of by them, Juice Lemon Cup and x/i It ofto is coming be thatmand. from not slay them. (D. 89:1821.) C. & lemons) 6 (Aboutfices to the have shops workers must

daily "lifts,"which means the stimulatLatter-day Saints should be sensitive 1 Package M.C.P. Pectin

ing effect of caffeine and similar drugs. to every new truth concerning bodily 9H Level Cups Sugar

The caffeine or theobromine slave soon wellbeing. Never before has so much (Measured ready for use)

learned been concerning the maintetransition natural to tobacco,moves by in oranges cartwheels very with 1. Cut of health; nance before never and has liquor, to the tothen weakened and on slices to knife thin possisharp as make there formidable been so to attempt an toil life'swill for righteous and duty

flat ble. the ends. large peel Discard into deceive inthe people partaking of this in experience have hadThose who fruit Sliced 2 should pounds. weigh jurious It is drinks. foods so. and ever lifefield ruined seen a have young many fruit 2. kettle. sliced in 8-quart Put Add truth devil tries the parallel comes, to As caffeine habit. theby

juice. the water and lemon it inviting untruth. with is trail evil plainly of purpose The

boil; 3. boil for to quick Bring a gently divine revelation told that are By we in places, theseen requirement by some

If is tenpeel (uncovered). 1 hour not drinks "hot are not for the good or body soft druglessthat be drinks cannot

1 in until hour, tender. boil der belly."Since the that tea coffee day and certain unless a botbought of number

4. material. the to Measure cooked Due defined as drinks,"were other "hot also.tles drinks cola of are bought To

boiling, the will be bevolume reduced beverages, containing in the poison cofis intelligent person, the purposeany clear enough. Establish the habit, and fee and tea and other poisons, have low 7 cups. Add water to make total

business prospers! come into general use. peel and juice exactly 7 cups.

Besides, the money spent for such Intelligent, devoted Latterday Saints 5. Put back in kettle. Stir in M.C.P. Pectin;

destructive beverages rises to gigantic will refrain from using anything which continue stirring and bring to a full boil.

sums. One need only read the sales and injures the body, and is, therefore, con- 6. Add sugar (previously measured). Stir

earnings of the liquor, tobacco, and cola trary to the spirit of the Word of Wisgently until it has reached a full rolling companies. The. United States is indom. The attempt to justify the use of boil, and BOIL EXACTLY 4 MINcurring a national debt beyond any beverages, found harmful by modern inUTES. Remove from fire; skim and stir

dreamed of in history. The most effecvestigation, because they are neither tea by turns for 5 minutes.

tive help in paying this debt would be nor coffee, is quibbling. The Church, 7. Pour into jars. If you use pint or quart

to cease for a decade the use of alcohol, founded on truth and the practices dejars, seal hot and invert jarson lids untobacco, and caffeine, and theobromine rived from truth, expects every member til Marmalade begins to set. Then, shake

drinks. The debt would soon melt away; to use his intelligence by learning truth well and set jars upright. This keeps the

and after the period of abstinence we and using it in his life. Certainly, in this peel evenly distributed throughout.

against firmly stand day, should any we all feel better, refuse andwould and do: recipe well This equally works NOTE health; our though encroachment upon these destructive use substances againto Valencias. with or Navel Oranges When appetites. to our conquer have we spiritual, bodily, mental,of ecoand

is either variety is overripe peel and If light to stand to are as a the we welfare.nomic instead soft, use Juice %-cup Lemon after eager seekers world, be must we essential of the message The Word to discard sure %-cup. any (Be of into to our ever ready and is all us, truth that should,of of we Wisdom recipe seeds.) of This 7 makes pounds find. truth lives A. every we W. in full our condition bodies weave8—/. akeep of

health. When that is done, by avoiding 8For further, more detailed information, see John A. prizewinning Orange Marmalade.

things injurious, and using foods wholeandS. Williams,Leah D. Widtsoe,M.D., DrugsThe AgainstWord ofMen,Wisdom;and WilliamHenry

some, we have a claim, and only then, F. Boos, M.D., The Poison Trail.

For a just and

. Lasting Peace

Read your BIBLE

YOUNG PRIMARY MEMBERS

MOLDING CLAY IN THE llth WARD, SALT LAKE CITY, UNDER THE DIRECTION OF MRS. ALICE

WOOLF

OCTOBER, 1944 627.

ARE WE EDUCATING THEM?

last one held in 1940, recommended teachers, and others"TRUST IN THE LORD ance of [Concludedhandicappedfromcasespageare620)in the inthat—"Parents,the

WITH ALL THY HEART"therapyfantile paralysisis an importantcategory,partandof thehydrore- responsiblebe alert to thefor importanceguiding children,of the shouldchild's #- habilitation process in this disease. facing specific life situations, and that

Much of the educational work now in schools should give increased attention progress aims at the prevention of to the educational needs of individual children; that these needs should be met,Choir Leaders.. handicapping conditions; adjustable

Sing the 194445 M. I. A. Slogan arranged for seats are being used to avoid poor with a minimum emphasis on the handiMixed Voices and set to stately music by"George posture, and many other kinds of equipcap."

H. Durham. ment are in use to aid the child who has In the year 1940 nearly $3,500,000 of

Federal states paid to the funds were a tendency toward a handicap.15c copy $1.50 dozen even help educate hundred thousand two are Teaching slanted to to programs

<$ allow for recreation for the children, handicapped children, not all of whom in special the schools classes and Activity to overfatigue. avoid prowere and

their required... handicaps. to by Added AVAILABLEALSO are detail replacing grams work.

this are number seventyfour thousand a indication of the progress an As made three in hundred children handicapped in BE for education since the STRONG handicapped "0 YOUTH, private residential or public schools.

there to Zion. are three 1 900, the youth of by Ruth between WordsDedicated hunnow for institutional expenditure The purMay Fox, music by George H. Durham. dred and four hundred schools throughposes alone amounted to more than

15c copy $1.50 dozen out the United States devoted exclu- $22,000,000 in 193536.

sively to physically handicapped chilThe cost of educating the physically dren. In 1914 there were but 3,269 of handicapped child is approximately four

To WESTWOOD HOUSE these children enrolled in these schools; times that of the normal child. But in

Box 14, Logan, Utah today there are well over twentysix almost all cases that education makes it attending thousand special schools. possible for the child a selfto becomeSend copies of the anthem, "Trust in That is still only about the one third supporting adult, relieving the state of

the Lord."or copies of "O You'th Be number who actually require special the financial burden of institutional

Strong,"by George H. Durham to education. From only five hundred care. And furthermore, education is the

special teachers in 1930, there were birthright child, every of be and it mustName fifteen than Address more of these hundred speprovided through legislaour laws andEnclosed % cially trained teachers in 1940. physically tion. The child handicapped

* * * * * * * * theAcceleratedhandicappedprogressfollowedin educationthe findingsof needstional andadvantagesshould haveas thethesamephysicallyeducaof the White House conferences, and normal child.

GENEALOGY

(Continued /rom page 616) "If there are any that cannot obtain &&?.

CTI 11 area recommendin fault themselves,to go to theperhaps,temple,andtheyI would advise all the Saints to straighten themselves up, humble themselves before the Lord, repent and turn unto the

Lord, and accomplish this work that is required at our hands. Your kindred

are looking anxiously to you to do this.

Let not the day of the opportunity pass by; but seek with all diligence to accomplish what you can in your lifetime

The three pictured here are outstanding for having accomplished the second and third year work also.

Ardella Mae Jacobson, Garth Ovar Magnusson

Guaranteed by *\ (now in the service), and Mae D. Stone.

Housekeeping I'DtnaivtoB V Goodt*0/fcif *DvcTistt> vi>2grv*, J To this group of six girls and six boys of the in the interest of your kindred. Our time

South South Stake, Ward, Gate Los Angeles go is only short here; just a few years and

certificates first year of the award for completing

of compiling by a "Book Remembrance."CLABBER GIRL of Genealogical work. The first year is completed we have got through. In a hundred years right, left to from Reading first row: Everett from now perhaps there won't be one of

Faulkner, David Jewyl Whale, Garth Ovar Magnusus here, but we will be numbered among

Jacobson; son, Arie Dekker, John Marvin LeRoy avail yourTherefore, that were.

Virginia Ardella Eva Guynn, second row: Nee those and brethren selves, one and sisters, Sister Morris, Jeanice Jacobson, Marilyn Stone, my

Ferris (David LeRearce. Stone (instructor), D. The Favorite of Millions Mae

picture Harry was all, of the opportunities of officiating for when McCrae was not present taken.) your kindred in the house of the Lord."

628 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Poetry Contest Announcement 'T'he National Thanksgiving Association at St. Paul, Minnesota, announces a poem contest. Poems must be

15 tosubmitted October by Mrs. 4th WARTIME state chairGibson, UtahRamelda N.

man of the organization, at 439 East

Vine St., Tooele, Utah. First prize winner will be awarded a WINTER AHEAD

$25 war bond, second prize winner, $15, and third prize winner $10. There are

also five prizes of $5.00 each.

No signature should appear on the poem, but each entry must be accompanied by a sealed envelope containing the name and address of the author and title of the poem, and the title written on the outside. Three poems may be

submitted and they must reflect the patriotic and religious significance of

Thanksgiving and reasons for displaying the American flag.

Music (Continued from page 619) 5. Arrange the music plans and projects

for all the various ward organizations for the whole season. 6. Hear reports about, and reviews of CARS BEWARE!

books on music, of mutual benefit to all the guild. ofmembers

. person in attendance adeIt's going to be a long time before you can reeach 7. Give

quate opportunity to express himself concerning musical the problems, needs, and place Yur car - Don't neglect it! Remember,

his organization. ofaspirations

8. Send each person working in music in

the Church on his way with a clear concepyour car will need better care this winter than tion of the importance of his individual task assignmentor and the ways in which to ever before. Make an early appointment with it out successfully.carry

9. Establish cooperation between the muthe of presiding officerssicians and the your Pep 88Vico service man or dealer for speorganizations, ourvarious so that ward

Church music may really come into its own and do what it can and should for the Saints. cialized wartime carsaving service.

The Monthly Session The monthly session is expected to occupy about one hour and a half. The

presides, sees to it andchairman that UTAH OIL REFINING COMPANYthe thoroughly will be meeting democratic and that each person attending STATIONS AND DEALERS IN ITS PRODUCTS will receive the opportunity to make of the to success contributionwhatever "'*'in pc *>** is of he whichthe music in the ward capable. GASOLINE POWERS THE ATTACK—DON'T WASTE A DROP!

The order of business might well be as follows 1. An opening hymn

2. Prayer 3. Minutes 4. Announcements and assignments

5. Discussion period This Day and Always FURLOUGH HOME, aM 6. Closing hymn

7. Benediction By RICHARD L. EVANS ROMAN MEAL

It is not always necessary that the forBREARFASTA leader of the discussion period be a... A compilation of inspirational

member of the guild, that is, he may not gems of thought delivered as the Betterordc"actually hold a position as a musician "Spoken Word"during the interna-,oday,Mother!

in the ward. In fact, it would be better tionally famous Tabernacle Choir

for the guild to bring in an expert on broadcasts. A choice gift for the

the particular phases of music to be Serviceman... a prized volume

discussed during a certain session, for any library. Price, $1.50.

wherever he may be found. The discussion period should never be allowed

to be reduced to a mere "lecture"on a The Bookcraft Co.

inpoint,certain well no matter how 18 Richards St. Salt Lake City be. expert the invitedformed may

{Concluded on page 630) OCTOBER, 1944 629

THEBIGGE5T (Concluded from page 629) MUSICcan make a special appeal for support

The Church general music committee for their rather detailed and complicated will be pleased to continue to receive music program, which often culminatesDOLLAR YOUEVER your analytical comments on, and conin the production of an opera. Primary

structive suggestions for the improvemusicians can render a distinct service

GA VE! mently reportsof the ofworkactualof theimprovementsguild. Especialin byof makingthe guildit clearjust whatto thetheotheraimsmembersof the

your Church music traceable to the Primary music program are. Relief Sowork of the guild will be welcomed. ciety musicians can study and discuss

cooperation between the ward choir and

First Meeting: October the Singing Mothers of their ward.

The chairman of the ward music The chairman should lead the guild guild will make a specific assignment to in making up of a calendar for the entire each of those musicians he expects to be season, assigning dates for the various in attendance at the October meeting, musical programs incident to Primary to prepare a concise statement concernconference, Primary festival, Easter and ing the music projects of the particular Christmas cantata and any other Church organization represented. He should music service to be given by the ward

encourage all to have this statement in choir, priesthood anniversary, ward writing so that it may be presented to bazaar program, evening services to be the guild without waste of time and with conducted by the Sunday School, the best guarantee of benefit to all. The Mutual Improvement associations, Representation of these reports will help lief Society, the M.I.A. opera, and

the guild to make up a calendar of the others. (In connection with assigning

ward music projects to be undertaken of dates for the presentation of musical by all the agencies of the ward. It will programs in the ward, it will be well to

become a guarantee of cooperation keep in mind the suggestion made by the among the ward organizations and of authorities of the Church, not to turn the avoidance of otherwise embarrasssacrament and other worship meetings ing conflicts and misunderstandings. into concerts or recitals.

In this discussion the ward chorister can report the status of the ward choir, A Technical Topic or, where none exists, his considered After the organizational topic of makdis- ing the year's calendar has been sufficient of, time there should be War Prisoners'Aid is one planshe knowfor theof organizationthe "Choir Organization"of one. Does posed

of the twentytwo war and folder'issued by the general music comremaining to discuss the technical topic, mittee? Chapel the Of Anthems! Of in the to arrange music program rehow

cordings home front agencies that the of Salt made by members In meetings. other our sacrament and

Lake this to following Tabernacle Choir of these anregard the subject benefit from your generous thems? questions as the serve be made to may

gift to your own community The organist can report the state of basis for a profitable discussion:.

repair of the ward organ, and make sugwar fund, which includes gestions concerning the necessary im- 1. What can be done to make the music

provements, both musical and physical. used an integral part of our worship meetthe National War Fund. Where the piano is used instead of the ings?

organ, the organist can point out why 2. What should be kept in mind when

the for the congregation, music ft the rather organ than the piano should selecting choir, or special numbers for a given meetin services. be used all Church ing?

GIVE GENEROUSLY Sunday School musicians can learn 3. Does it make any difference what the

much about the proper functioning of speaker has chosen for his topic?

TO YOUR COMMUNITY music in their organization from their 4. How often during the meeting should

own Handbook. Other members of the the congregation be asked to sing?

meeting be selected? the special School programs Sunday

6. the chorister inform the organist Should Christmas, ( for Easter, Mother's Day, WAR FUND guild will be interested to hear about 5. When should the music for a given the selection of made? When?

etc.) in addition to the regular weekly 7. What should the organist keep in mind

program. when selecting appropriate pieces for inThe Mutual Improvement musicians cidental music?

MUTUAL MESSAGES

(Continued from page 608) soring institution have become Tenderfoot ship course at the University of Scouting. Scouts.

Acquired and put into operation the five Star Camping: Assisted in outlining plans and

Program. All patrols functioning under this participated in the Council Camporee. Proplan. vided transportation and opportunity for

Service: As water safety instructor for each Scout of Troop 46 to spend at least one

the American Red Cross, conducted four period at the Wigwam Camp, making a trip classes in life"saving, particularly for older every week that the Wigwam has been open

Scouts called to the armed forces. Particithis summer. Directed three winter camps.

pated in the flag unit of the '"47 Days"parFellowship: Sponsored and furnished

ade. Collected funds for the March of program for two district courts of honor.

Dimes. Sponsored conjoint fellowship meetings HOTILWiHGUY TOOMBES, Managing Director Advancement: Presented Eagle badge to with JapaneseAmerican Scouts.

.*:"*'.. * sixteenthunder my Scoutguidancewho...has attained100 percentthis ofhonorthe In GoodfulfillingTurns:assignmentsAssisted Aaronicat sacramentPriesthoodmeettwelve-yearold boys belonging to the sponings. Furnished flowers for ward meetings.

630 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Mutual Messages cussedPhasesincludedof the thecampingfollowingprogram disLynn J. Feverycar, 232 North 5th NeedDemocraticfor campingcamp governmentduring wartime

West, Salt Lake City, Utah; Troop 23, Understanding and developing the indiTwenty-eighth Ward, Riverside Stake. vidual girl

planning, Program day and week by the Improvement Era I became scoutmaster of Troop 23, Rivertrips, Activities, i.e., hikes, celebrations,

side District, Salt Lake Council, November nature study, arts and crafts, singing, 1942. Have built up troop from twentyfolk dancing, swimming, outdoor cookfive Scouts to fortyone—one Eagle, one ing, etc.

First Class, Life, four Stars, eleven seven Subscribers.. Class, Tenderfoots. seventeen Second Troop membersSeattle inStakeattendanceY.W.M.I.A.were Sistersboard in District Riverside place second 23 won

Scout Circus in 1944; camporee, a campers Leora Clawson, Junior leader; Kathleen

award in 1943 and 1944. Spent spring vacaCarlston, first counselor; Juanita AdkinThe ERA gives you much oi

tion at Tracy Wigwam—twentyeight boys son, secretary; and Lucile Henry, stake the best current CHURCH

Operate on patrol boys present. will assist at the are as counselors—twentysixpresent; and also three days in August 1944 bee keeper. Others also present who LITERATURE. Within its covcamp auers you find each month held meetings system; budget and weekly Sisters Stahr. Finlayson and Merle Kay or thoritative written material during summer.

spoken by our church leaders.

H. C. Boulton, 1913 Cleveland, Everett, Washington; Troop 12, Everett Has it occurred to you what

Ward, Seattle Stake. priceless gems of theology

I havebeen in scouting for a period of Complete poetry and downto-earth gosthree years and in this time have attained pel you have in the yearby- the rank of Eagle Scout with Bronze Palm. year volumes of this maga-

I find that advancing with the Scouts makes @->anku zme i the boys much closer to me. 9

The troop loves camping and is doing a Why not preserve them for wonderful job of salvage work. We have your future reference and your

collected 25,000 besides of paper pounds s. children's edification? We urge victory jobs doing U.S.O. and other work

this summer. you to do so.

Troop 12 of Everett is one of the outCOMMERCIAL AND SAVstanding troops in this vicinity and are INGS ACCOUNTS. Single volumes (12 numbers) bound recognized as such.

TRUST DEPARTMENT—in durable, attractive, blue cloth

Acting as Administrator, binding, stamped in gold $2.25

Seattle Stake Camp Leadership Executor, Guardian, and each plus postage. Training Conference

Trustee. (July 29 and 30, 1944) Ten or more volumes at one time

Ceattle Stake board members, Bee ABSTRACT DEPARTMENT. $2.00 each plus postage. Hive and Junior Girl leaders, in DEPOSIT BOXES. first their for preparation to be SAFETY camp

All departments ground Bring them in or mail them to us on Island, held at Spring on Beach Vashon

August 12 to 26, planned their first camp floor.

leadership training conference.

Conference was held at beautiful Tfr I low!

Camp Long, located within easy reach from Seattle. The training was conducted by Florence Kooyman Pickering SAVINGS &

of the Vancouver ( B.C. ) Ward, a gradTRUST CO. UTAH the of uate of University Utah, who

235 Street South Main in professional Girl has been engaged Federal Reserve Member System Uhe eJjedemt flews f-'rett for several years has Scout and work Deposit Federal Member had much experience as a camper and Insurance Corporation 29 Richards Street, Salt Lake City as a director of short and longterm camps.

FAULTLESS FARM FUNNIES.., Saturday shopping chatter Bf HUNTenGXAHAM

OCTOBER, 1944 631 Achievement FDR THE RETURNING VETERANward made(Continuedall offromits pageChurch604)welfare quota assignments, took care of the the needy in sufficient and ward had to on the L. D. S. Business College offers an ideal training program, money hand cash pay rent on

under the "G. L Bill of Rights."twenty acres of ground in the year 1942.

After filling all welfare assignments and taking care of the ward needy, the 1942

Thorough business training opens the door to steady employinrentalthe bank.projectAtleftthe afinalfinereportcash meetingbalance

the before priesthood projthe 1942 on ment in government or industrial offices—and this outstanding ect, the question the priestasked was

school offers every facility for the best in business training hood, "What should be done with the and effective employment service. cash balance on hand?"

It was unanimously voted by the present that members the on money Information gladly sent anywhere on request in buying hand be used welfare a ward

New students may begin at any time farm, and Elder Leslie W. Hyde, the

ward work director at that time, and

Bishop N. W. Arrington were appointlocate ed to for this use. a proper farm

the next priesthood session, L. D. S. BUSINESS COLLEGE At they re70 North Main Street Salt Lake City 1, Utah ported to the meeting that they had

located the forty acres on the south side of the Twin Falls city limits. The

project met with instant approval of the entire ward membership and the money necessary to complete the down payment was raised by popular subscription almost immediately. All subBest for School Lunches sequent payments were made from proceeds of the property itself.

Fresh and tasty Royal Bread is a After meeting the Church welfare asfavorite with active, schoolage signments, the entire proceeds of the off the youngsters—and it helps to keep balance1942 cropof thewentfarm.towardDuringpayingthe summer

them strong and healthy. Prepare season of 1943, the mayor of Twin Falls

school lunches with Royal Enapproached the bishopric and offered riched Bread. the ward $750.00 an acre for four acres

at the corner of the farm. The city proposed to use these four acres as a city

playground and park. The bishopric

informed the city officials that this land was not at that time for sale at any price for ordinary purposes. However, ENRICHED as a Church and as a ward, they are interested in the welfare of the youth of

our nation, and so the priesthood met and voted to sell the needed four acres to the city Falls at the price of Twin

Royal Baking Company, offered city, acre. per by the $750.00 Ogden Salt Lake and

Fifty More Than the also voted that Years of Service and They purchase when t Progress as was consummated would we a ward make a cash donation toward the development of this site for playground and

SSggmegEgSSgS33ZgBS5g parkThe purposesbalance fromin the thisamountsale ofwas$1,000.immediately applied removing toward

SMITH: the the mortgage farm. a on ward AtMUSIC... JOSEPH in meeting the held spring of the 1944, PROPHETSTATESMAN

By DR. G. HOMER DURHAM into another growing season with aDRAMA-:- SPEECH priesthood voted that they should not go

mortgage on the property, and the balThirty-seven choice, significant seINSTRUCTORS relieve to ance needed the mortgage lections the from thoughts, writings, completely, this which time only was by aid utterances of and Smith. Joseph and youWe can show you the a matter of dollars, a few hundred was

.. are Here spiritual guidance

it off.finest line. paid of possible Thus, clean, was classy made Costumes and political an amazing philosin for the bishopric to June place on HALLOWEEN HEADQUARTERS all for ophy. guide seek A a who display a thirtysix recorded for deed

to solution problems confrontnow to Write us acres of splendid farm land bewhich ing the world. $2.25. Price,

its in longed to entirety the membership of First Falls the Twin Ward.HILUMN COSTUME SHOP The Cd. Bdokcraft Potts, Elder K. was who ward Wm. Salt Lake City, Utah 18 Richards City St. Salt Lake director the at inception work the of

project, was released in 1942 to act as 632 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ACHIEVEMENT Every Morninbstake clerk. He was succeeded by Elcontinuously in office during the years

der Leslie W. Hyde, who ably superthe purchase was consummated,

as a testistands today of farm the years during the Thevised farm work On Your Doorstep strength of cooperative the to monial 1944. Bishop1942, 1943, and N. W.

Arrington and his counselors, John R. effort and the power of a united priestSeaton and Jay M. Merrill, have been hood.

LUACINE SAVAGE CLARK

(Continued from page 601) attained his law degree with honors at on a school teacher's salary. But Lutie Columbia University Law School,

never complained; she was a true helpThese were years of struggle, for family

meet in every sense of the term. They finances permitted few luxuries. Though

did not wait until they had money in reared in a family where all modern

THE FAMILY HOME ON C

STREET BEFORE IT WAS REMODELED In addition to publishing the Intermountain West's most complete newspaper, the Salt Lake

Tribune has become one of the great family newspapers of America as demonstrated by its the bank or a home of their own or a comforts were enjoyed, Lutie bravely percentage of regular home subfine piano or other furniture before havmet her share of the financial responsiscribers.

ing their family. Their children came bilities by taking boarders to assist in

as they were sent to them, and the parsupplementing the family budget. Many

ents were grateful, though struggling to fine, professional people today remem95 out of every 100 who buy the make a home. ber with pride their association in the Salt Lake Tribune receive their

Tribune by monthly subscription, most of them enjoying before-breakfast, doorstep, carrier delivery—a home delivery record unique among the major

newspapers of the United States.

This overwhelming family approval is another indication that the Tribune, using all of the great wire services, the best of all the columnists, features and

comics, has achieved its goal of becoming the ideal family newspaper.

HpHE desire for further education was THE PRESENT HOMED STREETOF THE CLARKS ON strong within the young husband, so they decided that he should fulfill his home of the Clark family, while purlife's ambition and study law. Theresuing their education.

fore, with two small daughters, they After graduation, the Clarks moved journeyed money, professionalborrowed and eastto Washington, where y City, {Continued on page 634) where Reubenward York to New ad- s/r

OCTOBER, 1944 633 '"LUACINE SAVAGE CLARK (Continued from page 633) forced association with people not of vancement was steadily acquired. In their faith. It would certainly have

time a son and another daughter came been easy for the children, while going to bless their home, which was always to school and mingling socially with drift faiths, gathering a other place to people of young for young people from 'toes their in outside of thirteen to Utah. After spent years marry away and

Washington, the Clarks returned to Church. Not so with the Clarks. And

Utah, for that was "home"to them alhere the mother's steadfast adherence ways. However, after three years the to her testimony played a leading role. H0WAVh call from Washington for public service While the father was busy with public

was insistent, and Brother Clark was duties, the mother was busy with mainappointed Undersecretary of State. taining the right influences in her home,

Later, because of his ability and indusand implanting them in the hearts, of her try, he was asked to go to Mexico as children. Wherever they were, Sister

legal advisor to Ambassador Morrow. Clark invited into her home and hospiAfter the death of Mr. Morrow, it was tality, the missionaries and young people

conceded by national authorities that from her homeland, who might be study-

J. Reuben Glark, Jr., was the logical and ing or travelling abroad. So, the chilbest qualified successor as ambassador. dren matured with Latterday Saint

ideals as part of tlje air they breathed.

four in the years lived Clarks For friend loving care as mother and Her "feSEr'"SVJSSSj all those during years Mexico, and Here's "Durkee's"how: mix m all fruit: children her precious bore

. 'TjJiSa** little with a Sister water hostess place her as Clark took a and are the loyal of Church, and members onion; minced split cover intelligence, of great and charm who all in temple. the married been have let frankfurters; stand min15 the respected loved Mexiand by was

utes. just passive not they are Church in Also Bake moderate oven.

official well people, as the as can by its service. in active but.members,

all foreign families the embassies. of in ambassadorship the Mexico Durkee's From famous 14spice sauce has

It is all that these during noteworthy been a lifesaver to First since called to cooks the Brother Clark good was official in national residence of years 1850! it Rich, golden, mellow, pours Lutie those Presidency. Only knew who

capitals, strong easily drink where and wine has but plenty of and body that the sense joy hers well was may plenty... it tang! of loves Everybody freely that water, than the flowed more that "going she she knew when was salads, on fish sandwiches, or meat! ideals the Clarks never from wavered live."palaces of All the to glamor home for free Write recipes to Durkee its retheir teaching of Church and attentions great of courtly the Famous men and Foods, California. Berkeley 2,

this welfare. bodily garding they By tinassociates but as were and women It's vnrationed influlost rather than gained probably sel true the gold with of her compared

offifor ence, they attended whenever friends her folk loved the of and home cial functions orange served were they especially her in of Utah, and home ITUP WITH juice without or and lemonade, comment nR$$ in associates the Twentieth dear Ward.

attitude. their for respect with building buying a Instead of or new PURREESfA/HOUS It would have been very easy, and and pretentious home, the Clarks rebut natural for many families, to drift turned to the old home on D Street,

gradually away from the Church and her and with some remodeling have made DRESSING people during all those years of abit a home built on loved association as sence from home, and especially through well as of brick and stone. Real family

Does YOUR Property Qualify?

Owners of Better Properties Now

Saving 20% on Fire Insurance

If YOUR property is a betterthan-average fire insurance risk—call The GENmete*

risks"only. insures "preferred of America now! The Agent GENERAL ERAL

in the form of to policyholders are returned lower. Savings losses are Thus diviGENERALINSURANCE CO

dends—and these dividends have never been less than 20% of premiums on preOF AMERICA

ferred risks! If you think your property qualifies as a "preferred risk"—call The "Hom&Dffica

GENERAL Agent now! This plan applies both to business and residential properties.

GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY OF AMERICA

GENERAL CASUALTY COMPANY OF AMERICA

CO. INSURANCE FIRST NATIONAL OF AMERICA, JBENERAfe SE&TTI.E... Home OiSsces K. K. DENT, Presides!

UtahSouthern Idaho Service Office, Pacific National Life Bldg., Salt Lake City, Utah

634 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA That her daily prayer was fulfilled in man proper is too close to the fish to

Luacine Savage Clark her life is known to all who knew her see them, but because he is high above and who cherish her memory. God the water he can see the runs of the fish

joy is not ever a thing of show and has granted her prayer. and can direct them where to put their

pretense. Here it is exemplified. nets. I repeat, we have to get away

In many ways Sister Clark's life was from ourselves to appreciate in the best ideal: a home of culture and refinement way what our aims are.

real education; a goodin her youth;

as well form, and of facebeauty as All That Counts ChurchLike thework,bootblackofttimes we,makein manyour for true love character; a ofstrength forget are. what we We

that more great grew man, is the Shine falseaimingmotions.to do. Relief thea good and goal of The

dear and tender with each year's asso- [Continued from page 600) Society workers should be singly andciation; loving and gifted children, who collectively to raise the standards of the

her, all are outlived in and whohave which hearts in the ideals; a place andto her to ask true AT havetrationmentionedbefore. Pardonthe followingmy usingillusit theypeopleareofworking.the groupTheor questionward

of her Church and her people, whom again. The most successful fishing in themselves is, 'How many lives and

she has served so loyally. She was the Hawaiian Islands is accomplished by families have we benefited?"Primarily,

greatly blessed. Her life with her bethe fishermen whose activities are dithat is what counts. The Primary teachloved husband fulfilled the promise of rected by a companion on top of the er should have as her aim, "Into how

the inspired lines of Robert Browning, hill overlooking the waters. The fisher- (Concluded on page 636)

who said:

Grow old along with me!

The best is yet 'to be, The last of life, for which the first was made:

Our times are in his hand Who saith, "A whole I planned, showsYouth but half; trust God: see all, He thought afraid!"nor be

of quality the to content be always Though real when he her husfriend of besthelpmeet and band and children, Sister Clark lived thought of children her rich her own. life of Asa

... ] time, she her less of her needed andgrew indulged her taste for artistic accomplishment. Many of her poetic and other

contributions have appeared in local magazines, while Church activities in the Relief Society and Daughters of the

Pioneers were always participated in with joy and great charm. She will be

missed more by no one, outside of her family, than by the ward where she lived, and especially by the Relief Society, with whom she labored so loyally and intelligently. She was always a

consistent and loyal Latterday Saint.

Her inmost striving is beautifully expressed in her own words:

My Daily Prayer

God grant that I may older grow becomingly,

No added years of worry and complaint,

Of peevishness and eccentricities.

God grant that I may mellow with the years

Into full days of gratitude for blessings I enjoy; May I with growing faith belittle grief and pain.

God grant each setting sun may see some good deed done;

May daily trials be steppingstones to higher summits, Where with undimmed eyes I may behold some worthy recompense.

God grant that I may tread the narrow path

No footstep faltering, nor straying from the path.

grantGod that I may live, no matter what CHOCOLATES years, my

That friends may say at parting I have 61ADE CANDY COMPANY SUIT LAKE CITY. UTM

eased some Aching head or dried some bitter tears.

God grant this may be so.

OCTOBER, 1944 635 ALL THAT COUNTS IS THE SHINE (Concluded from page 635) Ward bishops, are you burning up many little children can I put the spirit your engine? Are you going through a

of the gospel and prepare them to aplot of false motions? Do you pride yourpreciate the contacts they will make self on how many nights a week you are

later in other organizations of the working? Stop, look and listen, and

Church?"Her question will be, "How study carefully what movements count

am I influencing these boys and girls and what false motions you may omit.

intellectually and spiritually?"Any Many a bishop who is burning up his

motions she goes through which do not engine, if he would stop, look, and listen, result in these accomplishments are lost. and study his movements, could be more

It is the same with Sunday School and efficient.

M.I.A. workers. You ward teachers, We all take our hats off to the man

how many calls you make per month, who is diligent in th,e duties of the ward how near you hit the 100 percent mark or stake, but much more could be acof visits each month, is not nearly so complished in this Church if we would important as how you are influencing move more slowly and study our mothe people on whom you call. Again I tions more carefully. In other words, if

repeat, it isn't the motions you go we would pour into our souls this philosthrough; rather, it is how well you get ophy mentioned by President Clark, that

in gear in your responsibilities and aims. all that counts is the shine, we would do

In many of our activities, our engines much better work, live longer, and our are racing and going much faster than families would be happier living with us.

the wheels are turning, because we forChrist influenced the world by simget that all that counts is the shine. plicity.

Why take the time and the chance A MORMON WIFE of leaving out essential ingredients (Continued from page 599) Delia, myself and Susie, aged about grandrespectively, years, and three eight, six, with mother these things and when you make biscuits, muffins, dresses delaine flowered Santa Claus in their the of room, mother would go out scones or shortcake? and dainty lace collars to go to an ocwrould come. We went out, and when

casional pioneer ball, we children stood we came back, our delighted eyes bearound and gazed at them in wideeyed held three little parcels exactly alike tiny bed. of the side Each admiration. along the was so Mother and ranged FISHERS a often swing apple and of third an that he would father so tall, a one yielded

big yellow apple, a essence on it. The BISKITMIX herdances.off her feet in dancing the oldtime cube of sugar with a drop of cinnamon

red, grandof just After the rare occasions when this a tinge one with takes the chance out of baking hot finery was brought out, all was carefully mother had brought from Pleasant breads and saves valuable time. folded away in the big red chest that Grove with her when she came down to

Greatgrandfather Frost had made in spend the winter with us, and it had lain

No need to assemble flour, baking Nauvoo to fit into the wagon and serve unsuspected in her trunk ever since. The

powder, salt, sugar, and shortenas a bed in crossing the plains. Among sugar, I suppose, came in the same way,

other treasures in this chest was grandfor it was almost an unheardof luxury ing—to measure them carefully mother's portfolio that on rainy Sunday with us. I don't think I ever tasted anyafternoons or on special occasions, as thing so delicious in my life. I can even

All this has been done abroughtrewardout,forto beingour greatverydelight.good, Thiswas nowof theserecalldainties.the exquisiteI don'tsmellthinkandI tasteever

accurately laidwas onso thelargetablea bookbeforethatweit couldhad toviewbe hadequalleda Christmasthat one. surprise that quite

All you have to do is to add milk its beauties. No matter how many times

it, just luxurious were always had seen Christmas most came we we Our or water according to the simple its contents as thrilled with in later as if Pleasant Grove, we years by which directions, mix, and it's ready in a had never beheld them before. I time there were five of us children in

particularly didn't to a picture family. remember of the strange Yet tell, we

jiffy to bake. robes, in her coronation in it as Queen Victoria as the enjoy one meager much

with crown and scepter; a highly colSanpete. Father had twenty bushels of

States; United some apGreenings, Island very fine map of the Rhode this short ored Take

the camels, very lifelike that "Dying Brigples, better ready for market in Dewere cut to baking. feet lying at the of his ladylove; Keep and"into cember. the wagon, them He loaded package, a

in figure female and a widow's weeds all the rode pantry - handy mother and he and way to lor emergenstanding under a weeping willow tree Salt Lake, where he sold them for four cies.

representing grandmother at the tomb dollars a bushel. Our parents thought

of her dearly loved young husband, that, for once, they would buy us anyNathan Stearns. thing they wanted to for Christmas.

They spent a great deal of money for

T remember the first Christmas we celethose days and bought dolls, toys, brated in Mount Pleasant, along in books, perfumery, kid gloves, furs, and the sixties, when our resources were all sorts of luxuries. When they came

very meager. There wasn't anything to home, and we knew that the presents

be bought, even if we had had money were in Grandmother's bedroom, we to buy with. We were not expecting teased and teased to be allowed to see

anything, but our parents felt so sorry them. Mother tried to tell us that it

for us that they simply had to do somewould spoil the fun if we saw them bething about it. They told us that if iore Christmas, but we would give her

636 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

A MORMON WIFE

no peace until at last, in desperation, she grief. My ten months'old baby brother,

said, "Well, go ahead, look at them!"Nathan Stearns, the second son in the

did, morning Christmas hearts, family, the darling of our and when andWe Answer This so delighted nearly of diseasecame prevalent the then as died from we weren't on that other morning in Sanpete Councholera infantum. After we had been to

ty long ago, when we had received next the funeral and had come back to play to nothing. But we enjoyed our Christunder the apple trees, I felt that life QUIZZ on

mas tree ever so much. It was the first could never be gay again. Not being

one seen in the town, and all the chilused to seeing my elders in tears, it apdren came to admire it. peared to my childish mind as if the MILK?

whole world was encompassed in a dark

Tt was after we returned to Pleasant cloud. My mother was accustomed to

Grove, when I was eight years old, the idea of having loved ones buried that my parents welcomed the first son near the home, so although, even in this into the family. How happy the four pioneer community there was a cemlittle etery, that the Huldah, she requested as I was be baby girls—Delia, 1. How many evaporated milk a little not even twoyear-then called, Susie, and that far away. taken So

old Manie, were to have a boy in the mound was made in the "back lot"uncompanies in Utah are Utahfamily. He was named "Oscar"for my der one of the apple trees. To us chilowned and operated?

father, and, that such an important dren it seemed quite natural and as event should have due recognition my though "little Natie"were still a part 2. Is the Morning Milk Comparents added the name of "Lycortas,"of the family. We enjoyed seeing that pany connected with any

which Father had picked up in his readthis spot, which became a sort of shrine other company?

ing of Greek history. But the large name to us, was always kept attractive. Roses

was too much for so tiny a fellow—he bloomed above the mound and, as the 3. How many farmers receive a

was nicknamed "Cort"and "Cort"he years passed by, our sadness, even that large share of their annual inin heart,has to this day. lightened, mother's remained and my I come from Morning Milk, and

eleven to soryears old, I first time heals every came I was know that When experienced the poignancy of childish row. how much has Morning Milk

paid to dairy farmers since its

ALONG EARLY TRAILS OF BRIGHAM YOUNG organization in 1928?

(Continued form page 597) Byron's heyday were three men who CHECK THESE ANSWERS mystery disappeared it wasThe when in rose to distinction unusual the world.

thatexplained of Port in memory in 1. Only one—the Morning Milk are the memorialized by ByThey town

ron's distinguished son, the part of the simple markers along the main street. Company.

lived in he which comtown was then said, In their editor the day, so they 2. No. It is wholly independent.

of Recently, asmonly spoken Nauvoo. as the of spoken were "Three Wise

a substantial marker on the small public Men From the East."One was some- 3. 2200 dairy farmers, who have

square, by the highway, recounts the what younger than the others, but they received payments totalling ofresidence Brigham Young in the town congenial; younger, as he were and the

the his house.and points The way to fast friend the of sixteen million dollars. grew older, became

house, itself of perennial interest to the others. They were Port Byron's

tourists, is a wellbuilt modest frame foremost group of young people. The

house. There Brigham had both his editor became dramatic. He took me to Utah's Own

home and his shop. It is doubtful a window overlooking the Erie Canal.

whether Brigham Young built this home. One of those young men, the younger,

It does not look like his architectural he said, was Henry Wells, who began FinerFlavored style elsewhere. to carry goods for others on the flatEverybody whom I met in Port Byboats that traveled up and down the

canal. In the Wells, he founded the end thatron lived once knew BrighamYoung

Express Fargo of the MORNING one Company, it.there; they and were proud of But

as to Brigham's life there they could first in the country. The editor grew

warmer. of second The this trio was traditionalonly repeat he stories—that Singer, Isaac perfected the named who an industriouswas and an excellent

workman and a good citizen. sewing machine and placed the Singer

the world's sewing machine on market in of the oldest the One town men to bless especially humanity, woman- L. editor King, the H. thewas of Port

third, kind. said, the he became The Chronicle.Byron of the one was He greatest three, the of for he showed howstate's editors. most country famous (gospel cJhe the deserts vast of might America bePoliticians statesmen and stopmade into converted homesteads. happy "He

I call toovers him. his in found on him Brigham of founder Young, was ingi WestJxtfiaaomoffice, surrounded type, paper, by said. ern America,"he he comThen By TAYLOR JOHNpresses, the clean smell printer's and of ruminatingly, mented "Great men, wereink. help to ready was me. he He No, is This the official text of the priest- n't they?"had not his known Brigham but Young; choice hood a book quorums—and seeking for character, me, human Tofather for had library the told him well, known... a source and had home the chief that message Brigham was of inspirationhis in guidance and life stories son of many Brigham's not distinguished only Young was as a life. of $2.25. Price, every walkin Port Byron.

citizen his fellows worthy from among to price (Special priesthood quorThis was the most interesting one his early years, but that he sought the ums only, $1.80.)

Port Byron, a flourishing shipping point association of worthy people, the best on the Erie Canal, attracted ambitious people. That is a lesson needed by The Bddkcraft Cd.

people from many parts of the state. youth today as then. 18 Richards St. Salt Lake City

Among those who arrived during Port ( Continued on page 638

OCTOBER, 1944 637

ALONG EARLY TRAILS OF BRIGHAM YOUNG* {Continued /rom page 637) farm, where Brigham Young had his

One of the old timers has put on recsmall sawmill, and where he lived for

as a specimen of young manhood the waterturn he that up to he dammed have A SKEPTIC hasord that "Brigham Young was as fine some time. There was the little stream one that ever known, would of evidences the wheel. There were

made his mark in whatever community former use. Down the long lane was

his lot might have been cast."his home. DISCOVERS To the right, as we faced the mill site,

"D righam Young apparently was very half a mile beyond, was an overgrown successful in his business in Port cemetery. We found there an old,

Byron. Yet, when he was about twentyrotting headboard, on which we read, MORMONISM seven years of age, he moved to Menin faint letters, "Miriam Works"—indicating the grave of the wife of his

Partial list of contents youth, whom he brought to the mill home with the borrowed team and

THE RACE OF THE GODS wagon. When I was there, eighteen

MORMON CONCEPTION OF MAN peared,years later,and withthe headboardit the true locationhad disapof

AND HIS DESTINY the grave. ( Elder John D. Giles reports

THE LAW OF SACRIFICE thatThehe presenthas recentlyownerslocatedof thethefarm,"grave.the

WHAT LOVE IS AND HOW TO ownedHutchinsonpart family,of the whosefarm ingrandfatherBrigham's

GENERATE IT day, had many a story to tell. Two

FULL INSTRUCTIONS ON HOW housesbetweenfacethem.theThegate,smallerthe roadwayone, to theis

TO RECEIVE REVELATION left as we entered, was Brigham's home,

MORMON CONCEPTION OF and,The largerit is believed,was addedwastobuiltby Brighamby him.

HEAVEN AND HELL for the use of the owner's growing famHOW TO MAKE A HOLY PLACE ily.excellentBoth condition.houses were well built and in

HOW THE WORLDS WERE CREDuring his sojourn in Mendon, BrigATED ham Young built or helped build several houses. They were all of the sturdy logWHY MAN MUST BELIEVE variety of pioneer days.. A oneroom

schoolhouse, built by Brigham Young,

ARE THE STORIES ABOUT THE stands by the highway. It might be

MORMONS TRUE? made a monument to the builder who

spent his life building houses and men

THE KINGDOM OF GOD for human good.

turnwith its sawmill, however, TheAn excellent present for your boy DR. AND MRS. JOHN lathe, chief concern in Menwas his BYRONA. WIDTSOE AT PORT ing

in the service don. There he cut logs and made lumof for rapidly invading the army ber fortyfive don, miles York, about New following are few com- a The profitably, settlers. roughBut, he more fifteen miles only Port from Byron and of those outments by who many parts houseinto the of lumber shaped distant father from Palmyra. His and the book: readhave chairs, tables, as furniture, hold such other of the family members Young he would beds, and cupboards. Then there. book; remarkable for some resided "A most

sell this furniture to be knockdown remarkable probablypurposes the most In our pursuit (Brother Bean had book in the Church."joined me) we drove to Mendon, the finished and put together by the farmwinter the slack during themselves the gospel Brigers found in which "I school town student in high wish every also season. time permitted, he As his It college could sunshiny have accessand a warm, ham Young. was to a copy."

furniture. articles of completed many vilday. center the the of sleepy Near of Church."in the the best books "One of are hundreds In the neighborhood sat lage four the side of men on an of the the price chapter "Every worth in or furniture wholly pieces of made ditch. stopped. emptybook.""What We is part Young. Brigham by fairly for?"asked, famous Mendon we distributing spending summer "Am my

your book, as I know of nothing better to certain of the answer. One of the men In our quest in Mendon we called on

do with my time."stretched himself, got up, changed the Mrs. Fannie Bushman, then in her sev-

"Have sent a copy to each of my seven tobacco quid from one cheek to the enties, whose grandparents had known children."other, spat, and pointing to an ancient Brigham Young. She lived, alone, in

"A splendid missionary book,—one of frame building, now used as a hotel, the family homestead in Mendon, a

the best."said, "Strangers, do you see that house? traditional "T"house. She told us many

In that house Lafayette slept one night!"stories of the days of Brigham Young

POSTPAID $1.50 per copy Abashed, we sought other sources of in Mendon, as told her by her parents

Write for prices on quantity orders information. and grandparents.

first Brigham to conversation, of our Young the When came end Towards pricePurchase refunded promptly if you in several Mendon, told things recall he worked nearby the I asked, "As you are than pleased not more hamlets. in parents, did some think that Cananwork He you you do by your

daigua, for Captain Wilcox, in whose Brigham was an honest man?"She

lived while building a house. pondered awhile, then walked towards TIMBERLINE RIGGS home he

However, he soon settled permanently a window looking upon a porch with a

OVERTON, NEVADA in Mendon, where he set up his own southern exposure, built in the T of the business. house. She said, "Do you see that rockFirst, we drove to the farm outside ing chair on the porch?"(It was a

of Mendon, then known as the Dunshire highbacked, oldfashioned, simply-******638 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Along Early Trails of Brigham Young made rocker. ) "In that chair my grandmother sunned herself every good day.

When she died, my mother sunned herself in it. Since her death I have sunned

myself in it every good day. That chair

is nearly one hundred years old. It is

as sound today as it was when first made. That chair was made by Brigham

Young. I guess that a man who made

so honest a chair must have been an

EACH SPROUTING SEED

MEANS MORE TO FEED

... GROW MORE IN '44

When you come right down to it, and never quits, from sunup to sunseeds must be properly planted to down.

grow into golden heads of grain. The Oliver No. 38 Superior is a drill

that puts the proper number of kernThere's one sure way of giving your els at the proper depth with almost seed a better start in life... by uncanny accuracy... without

BRIGHAM YOUNG'S AT THE AUTHOR WELL using that fastmoving, dependable wasting precious grain. Here's a N.Y. BYRON, PORT NEAR

"team"known all over the grain worldfamous drill you'll like. It's

Oliver reliRow to to operate, pull, easy Crop 60 Tractor easyhonest man."There was a tug at our belt—the

Drill. Superior and No. 38 to able, never economical, seemshearts as she spoke.

wear out because it's built to stand the that gets Here's a combination strains. of jars bumps, years and

it gets. and on time.. doneThe We job drill If this need a tractor and you right. done A hadquestlearnedhadmuchbeenof successful.Brigham Young

before he joined the Church. As a youth year, see your Mountain Stateshe had shown intelligence and aptitude The 60—always ready at reveille and dealer about an Oliver 60 and a No.

and had won the good will of his emnever tired at taps—has that smooth, 38 Drill. While all equipment is still

ployers. As a young man he had sought easyflowing, highcompression powrationed, he might be able to help

the company of intelligent, ambitious, er that steps a drill over acreages you.

forwardlooking companions, and had citihis the fellow admiration ofwon zens industry and workgood by his Mountain States Implement Co.

manship. As a man entering maturity OGDEN, UTAH

he had been a useful citizen, a capable

Blackfoot, Idaho'Falls, Shelley, Twin Falls, BuhL Preston, Branches: Ogden and Tremonton, Utah;worker, an honest man, who had won

Idaho Rupert and Rexburg, Inthe of the confidence community.

youth as in age he was a worthy man.

We turned our faces homeward with grateful hearts for the leadership of the

Restored Church of Christ.

Eighteen years later, in company with my wife and President Frank Evans, then in charge of the Eastern States

I revisited these scenes.Mission, A new

generation of AMERICA'S FINEST OVERALL the stories was arising,

Brigham Young were fainter, but the SINCE 1853 pride of the people in his sojourn in their towns was greater, and steps were life in livingtaken to keep memory the there's a reasonparts ofin those LEVI'S the Brigham Young who was a "painter, glazier and carNo others FIT like LEVI'S!

penter,"and a great man of growing worldwide fame and appreciation.

photographs (The of Brigham FREE PAIR NEW 1-t VI STRAUSS A PortYoung's Byron and the home

IF RIP THEY"Squire"house, taken were Brown by

Elder John D. Giles, who has made a

splendid photographic record of early scratch CONCEALED COPPER RIVETS ON BACK POCKETS

Church scenes.)

OCTOBER, 1944 639 Your and Ours "WW'S'ywwjrw ''WW && *wwww3P&jPW9ypw9 '< *

Newcastle on Tyne The Limit England Dear Sir: Two American soldiers in Egypt lived for months on debutter, demilk, and dehydrated beef, dehydrated hydrated article for the thanks write express to and you my me Allow their they Visiting a Cairo vegetables. saw museum hydrated entitled "Blessed Are written Hortense S. Andersen by

first mummy. Era. issue in the of April The'Improvement Mourn,"That They they're dehydrating is one. said too far,"going "This "Now for I with stay cousin's two have me Recently a had boy

days. He is in the U.S. Air Force and is a member of your men."

man—what All That Glitters... from him—andpersonChurch.ality—whatWhatradiancya remarkable,of characterfine youngemanates

believe me when I say the above article appealed to me very. Everything about the R.A.F. station was interesting to the

the I apparent feel the wonderment, the for could pangs, much, questions. of stream visitor asked a neverending he and

the article through the the joy which and sorrow is it that have so many exclaimed, you he "how "Say,"

I hours. depicts—justfor fortyeight this us with presence of young man pilots?"your Scotsmen among

blessing I a thank say but a can you for Mormon, am not at opportunity. the bit up, snatched fed guide, a The

received. that learned Scots "since said, sir,"the have he "Weil,

All regards to all of you. out."lining, can't 'em keep cloud a silver has every we

Wilfred Kirton -$>- Such a Racket Dear Editors: "Aren't those chimes melodiously beautiful? Such harmony!

Station, Ranger of the Lake Big Bear Allen, enchanting!"Wayne So Mrs.

to areas adjacent families meet at invited from "You'll have to speak louder. Those confounded bells are Mormon

her home on Sunday, July 15, 1944, to organize a Sunday School making such a racket I can't hear you."

at Big Bear Lake, California. Over fifteen attended.

Teacher Dean Tyler of Arlington Ward, Los Angeles, conOuch!

ducted the Sunday School exercises. This was quite an experience for the 17year-old Dean Tyler who had not expected "And what,"asked the teacher, "do two ducks and a cow

to conduct a Sunday School for many years to come. remind you of?"

Among those present was a young sailor who had never been "Quackers and milk,"said the little boy.

to church before in his life.

Sincerely yours, Strictly Personal (Mrs.) Tamzon Tyler Citizen: "I've been getting threatening letters through the

-<s>- mail. Isn't there a law against that?"

It's serious there is. a very course Inspector: Office Post "Of Brethren: Dear

letters mail. the threatening to through offense you send Have

issues six Era, other I received Improvement of The day it?"idea doing who's any The

first months. I think received in over seven the you I had Furniture Citizen: "Sure. Company."The Woofus

have been told before, by other members of the Church who are serving with the armed forces, of thejoy and pleasure one One Is Enough receives with each and every single issue of this wonderful magazine. It will not be hard to understand then, the over- "What do you think of the candidates?"

I think the "Well, more of them, the more pleased I am that I received with happiness a half year's magajoy and whelming get in."can one of them finding the and package Improvement zines. Opening Era only The

friend like findinq lonqost a once again before me, was or A Good Speech it is that. L.D.S. us companion. who are And indeed, To

serving abroad, there is no dearer or truer"companion than that In case you're thinking of making a speech, here's a good which takes us back to the people and dealings of the Church. formula:

It is hard to put into words just how much we servicemen really Have a good beginning and a good ending, and keep them as miss our personal contacts with the Church, priesthood, and close together as possible.

M.I.A. Oftentimes one does not really learn to love and appreciate these things until he is asked to be away from them A Matter of Choice

for a while. Then indeed is his testimony strengthened and his

love increased. "Remember, my boy,"said the elderly relative, "that wealth

I know this magazine is inspired, and I'm very thankful for does not bring happiness."

the privilege we have of receiving it. If all L.D.S. members in "I don't expect it to,"answered the young man. "I merely

the armed forces are not receiving The Improvement Era, I hope want it so that I may be able to choose the kind of misery that that in the near future a program may be instituted to this effect. is most agreeable to me."

I'm sure the results would be well worth while.*

Again I thank you for this wonderful book. I assure you that Education

my postwar home will never be without it. Eastern visitor: "Has the advent of the radio helped ranch

Sincerely, life?"

"I'll Pete: it has. Pinto learn say a new we cowboy Why, Clair G. Anderson, RM 3/c

night, and, the say, every dialect that found song out we've us -- is fer all fellows years used have wrong."

Flying High Speedy soldier the of colored end around wrong busy an was A the learn to love "Could asked you me?"young man. feet lashed with out both mule and army when the "I sighed lady, "Well,"learned young in shorthand called hit his sailing. the ground, sent he comrades him Asit suddenly weeks."

stretcher started to three bearers, stretcher a on put him and who carry him away. The Big End

colored boy opened his eyes and gazed at the reeling The sky overhead. Feeling around below the stretcher with his Smith: "What do you mean, your wife is like a telescope?"

hands, he encountered nothing but empty space. Brown: "Because she's so easy to see through and she mag-

"Mah goodness,"he groaned, "I ain't hit de ground yet."nifies everything!"

,640 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA For Your Soldiers and Sailors!

DO YOUR CHRISTMAS SHOPPING NOW

The Army and Navy set September 15 to October 15, 1944 as the mailing period for Christmas gifts to soldiers and sailors overseas - and there are millions of them.

.... BOOKS BOOKS And they want, they ask for BOOKS

These are Ideal CHRISTMAS GIFTS for your man in uniform:

Articles of Faith $.85 Added Upon... $1.25

Book of Mormon $.60 Joseph Smith—An American Prophet $3,810

Pioneer Stories $1.00 The Church in War and Peace $1.00

FaithPromoting Stories.$1.00 The Way to Perfection $1.25

Jesus the Christ $2.00 Life and Travels of Parley P. Pratt..... $2.50

Discourses of Brigham Young!. $2.50 Three Mormon Classics $2.50

The Prophet Joseph..$1.50 The Return to Religion $1.75

(As he lives in the hearts of his people) Signs of the Times $1.25

The Robe $2.75 Evidences and Reconciliations $1.85

A New Witness for Christ in America...$1.50 A Skeptic Discovers Mormonism $1.50

Unto the Hills $1.50 Missionary Experiences $1.00

This Day and Always.. $1.50 A Combination Reference $.75

Constancy Amid Change.. $2.00 From Babel to Cumorah $2.25

There are many others. Please send for our price list.

E IMPROVEMENT ERA!

"*ur, safe ana"Qj sure "re m s