5 -y

I 55s*

.;r-': -"

SsbSB* -"*-"* SfcBP ACADEMIC PHYSICAL

SOCIAL

Your Church

UlllVCrSlty trains the WHOLE man in a program of balanced education. Its

*"1IHH F students come from every state and scores HtoaferaJS BkLHP?

of foreign countries to study on this fastgrowing campus, with finest facilities, high is 1 HP academic standards, and well - trained

faculty. Here scholarship, physical development, and spiritual experience are combined in an ideal social climate. On this

-Remember These Datesfriendly.,, campus are all the, advantages, of

the big university yet all the attention of Leadership Week June 1114 the small college. Get YOUR education the Summer School June 18

Ysway. Plan now to attend. 1st Semester Registration Sept. 2225

Brigham Young University 58 ':>:::

t!

BY DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR. Now ovenfresh Supreme Saltines are

crisper than ever, thinner than ever... so

thin that every one pound package conDesert Water tains sixteen more saltine crackers than ever before. Buy a package, next time you

Biologists Robert M. Chew of the shop, and... for goodness sake, whatever

University of Southern California you serve saltine it with Supreme Saltine and Arthur E. Dammann have Crackers.

studied the water lost by evaporation from small vertebrates by means of an infrared gas analyzer. They

found that the relative rate of loss in desert reptiles, rodents, and toads is about 1 to 10 to 40. They also

found that the maximum rate of water loss is about 2.5 and 5 times

the basal rate, respectively, in pocket mice and sand lizards.

Mar** jTxp

"Mohole"Drilling

There is a change in the properties of the rocks of the earth at a depth of about 20 miles below the continents and about 3 miles below the oceans. Popularly called the "Moho"And enjoy the crisp, honeyfrom the Croatian physicist at the sweetened goodness of SuUniversity of Zagreb named Mohopreme Sugar Honey Grahams

rovicic, it has been decided to try to... the ideal graham for

drill a hole to this discontinuity, youngsters'snacks and your hence the name "Mohole"project. favorite dessert recipes....

Much important information about featured at your grocer's in the earth is expected from drilling one pound and two pound such holes. The difficulty ahead has packages.

been compared to drilling a hole 100 feet deep with a hypodermic needle from the top of a tree on a windy day. The real Mohole isto be drilled about 6 miles deep SUPREME

floating shipfrom a more than 2 SUPREME BAKERS themiles sea floor. above

Denver and Salt Lake City

MARCH 1962 137 The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Official organ of the Priesthood

Quorums, Mutual Im rovement Associations, Ward Teachers, Music

Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Contents for March 1962 Volume 65, Number 3

Church Features

The Editor's Page: The First Great Vision, President David O. McKay 148

Your Question: What of the Dead Who Died Before Jesus Christ?

President Joseph Fielding Smith 150

The Stakes of the Church, Albert L. Zobell, Jr 170

The Church Moves On, 146; Melchizedek Priesthood, 204; Presiding Bishopric's Page, 206. ART AND PHOTO CREDITS:

Photographs Special Features H.HaroldArmstrongM. Lambert,Roberts,167167

151 EdwinLorin Wiggins,O. Haroldsen,206 174A Modern Pioneer, C. Lowell Lees—

Why the Pioneer Memorial Theater, Ila Fisher Maughan 152 Art

Leaders and Communication, R. Wayne Pace 156 Dale Kilbourn, 155, 165

If I Were Six in April, Kathryn E. Franks - 158 VirginiaTed Nagata,Sargent,161 159

Writing a Family History, Cleo Grigg Johnson.....162 V. Douglas Snow, 172

In the Sweat of Thy Face, Mark Nichols...164 EraArt of Youth

Establishing a Helping Relationship, Thad O. Yost 168 Dale Bryner

The Land of Paul, Edwin O. Haroldsen 174 V.DaleDouglasKilbournSnow

THE ERA OF YOUTH between pages 176177 All other art, Ralph Reynolds Studio

The Growth of a Missionary 177

The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans

178, 179, 180, 181, 192, 194 Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 137; These Times: Crossroads for the UN,

G. Homer Durham, 140; Letters and Reports, 144.

Today's Family: Florence B. Pinnock, Editor

Make Jam Now 208 "What's to Eat?"Maurine Hegsted 213

The Last Word 216

Stories, Poetry A Cup of Tea, Harrison T. Price 160

My Son, My Son, Mima Williams - 172

Poetry 184, 188, 190, 196, 198, 199, 200, 214

The Improvement Era Offices, 135 South State Street, Salt Lake City, 11, Utah

O. Richahd and Evans, Editors; L. David L. Green-, McKay Doyle C. Associate Josephson, Managing Mapba Editor; Managing Albert L. Zobell, COVER: Research Editor; Patricia Middleton, E. Grant, Carteh Editorial ReedEditor; H. Blake, Associates; Stephan, Florence Today's FamilyJr., THE

Editor; Era D. Editor; Hanks, Marion The Associate of Youth JudithCannon, Era Editor; Youth Elaine Art The of Direction: Studio. Ralph ReynoldsB. Pinnock,

Photographer Lucien Bown has G. S. Junius Jackson, Harris, M. Durham, Franklin Nibley, B. Homer Sidney Sperhy, Contributing Editors. Jr., Hugh

JosephManagerT. andBentley,SubscriptionGeneralDirector;Manager;ThayerFlorenceEvans,S. Jacodsen,AdvertisingAssociateDirector.General Manager; Verl F. Scott, Business Manager; A. Glen Snarr, Acting Business everchangingcaptured the magicCaliforniaof thecoastline

for our cover.

Inc., Copyright 1962 by Mutual Funds, and published Associations by the of Christ the -Mutual Improvement of Jesus Church of Latterday Saints. All rights

reserved. Subscription year, price $3.00 a foreign in advance; subscriptions, single $3.50 a year, in advance; issues. 35c except copy, for special

Entered of Octoberat the1917,PostauthorizedOffice, SaltJuly Lake2, 1918.City, Utah as secondclass matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103. Act

is Era Improvement The not responsible for unsolicited manuscripts contributions. are paid for but Manuscripts welcomes on acceptance at the rate of 2c

a word must sufficient and be accompanied by for postage delivery return. and

is Thirty days'notice required for change of address. ordering a issue change, When recent please include address Address of the magazine. slip from a in full color lithographed Cover

cannot changes unless old the be as made address well as the one is included. new by Deseret News Press.

138 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA % jSBSWZ.;—

For the first time, this popular book

RESTORED onin large,Churcheasyto-readhistory has beenprintpublishedwith a yioax AjuhAjuI scuff'-proof, 4-color process cover and numerous illustrations in full color.

OJnJb (ldxxKjwL. The text is completely revised and

updated. Mormon history lives on

its pages, from the time of the restoration to the present day. Fully

indexed, with 32 pages of full color illustrations and more than 100 one or twocolor pictures. A First Place

Blue Ribbon winner at the 1961

William E. Berrett Utah State Fair for an edition bound

book! $5.95

2. STORIES OF OUR 3. LIVING TRUTHS

MORMON HYMNS iivmc FROM THE DOCTRINE

J. Spencer Cornwall AND COVENANTS

A handbook of the LDS hymns cJrut is Christine H. Robinson

which treats 311 of them in their An excellent collection of inspiranumbered order, gives their sources, from *he tional messages on eternal verities with biographies and pictures of the that have daily application, composers. An entertaining and inCOVENANT; originally prepared as Relief

spiring book by the former conductor Society Visiting Teacher Mesof the Salt Lake Mormon Tabernacle Choir $3.95 CHISTINB H. BO***'3*'sages,people writtenand life by one who $2.00loves

4. JOSEPH SMITH, THE 5. COMMENTARY ON

MAN AND THE SEER THE BOOK OF MORMON

Dr. Hyrum L. Andrus, 3 'M VOLUME VII George Reyno/ds

University Young Brigham into eyehas delved Dr. Andrus s I r 00K OF MORMON Concluding volumeand Jannein thisM. setSjodahlnow

witness accounts, both friends and I available. Contains pageby-page

foes of the Prophet, and come up commentary on Third and Fourth with new insights into the characNephi, Mormon and Moroni.. $5.00

ter of powers and spiritual Joseph 1, II, III, IV, Volumes & V of original Smith. these Many each $5.00 M JOSEPHthe uimmandtiwSMITH*?et SK3K

accounts been have not published $4.00 VI Volume

before $2.50

Deseret Book Company iiliiiili 44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah...m..|. Gentlemen: Enclosed you will find....check....money order

milium...1 have an account. Please charge. Amount enclosed $

Co. DeserettsBooh for encircled (numbered) books: 12 3 4 5

-** 44 East South Temple - Salt Lake City. Utah Name

2472 Washington Blvd. - Ogden Address

City.... Zone State

Residents of Utah include 39t sales tax.

MARCH 1962 139 A TOTAL ELECTRIC

THESE TIMES

A wonderful new way to live Crossroads UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO, for the UN

Buy now from your dmalmv BY DR. G. HOMER DURHAM

PRESIDENT, ARIZONA STATE UNIVERSITY, TEMPE

The UN appears to be at a signifipression of opinions, the United:

cant crossroad. Some would go so States'foreign policies since the

far as to describe it as a "deadend"eighteenth century have been minsituation. For twenty years the orgled with large doses of moral

ganization (including the military idealism: Cuba and the Philippines

alliance of the same name) has in the SpanishAmerican War; Wilfunctioned as a consequence of son's idealism in World War I; the

World War II, providing a central, Naval Disarmament treaties of the economical means of international 1920's; the 1931 HooverStimson

communication. It has been shaken doctrine of refusing to recognize any

by the issues of powerpolitics and territorial acquisition based on inthe Soviet veto. Since 1945 it has ternational robbery; LendLease;

provided a confusing forum for the the UNRRA; the United Nations itwestern proponents of an interself; the Marshall Plan, and many

national legal order based on moral others. True, measures of selfinter-

principles and mankind's quest for est can be found in any of the the pacific settlement of disputes. foregoing. But shining through was

Since 1957 it has increasingly bethe willingness of the American taxcome an instrument of the new payers, inspired by fundamental

AfroAsian nations, whose independdecency and concern for a better ence is one of the late fruits of the world, to support idealistic policies.

war. Financial crisis now faces the It is now apparent that the UN

organization due to failure of the should no longer be viewed through

USSR and other members to pay idealistic, rosecolored glasses. At

special assessments levied by the this juncture it cannot be said to

Pk militaryGeneral operations.Assembly for the Congo placedembody inthe moralit fifteenhopes yearsAmericansago.

nations in the world's history Other creations, NATO and theHOME STUDY Most catalog to: havepolicymaintainedof realistica consistentselfinterestforeignor Commonemerged, Marketofferingamonghope. them,The haveUN

NAME. powerpolitics. Because of its penow has to be looked at in the cold,

culiar nature as a constitutional calculating terms of powerpolitics,

ADDRESS. federal republican system, based on its machinery purely as a diplomatic

CITY STATE. varieties of localisms and free exconvenience. As most of the memto: HOME STUDY

BRIGKAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY, PR0V0,UTAH

140 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the big book

Now, at long last, the

entire membership of the church can know the

fascinating story of

Oliver Cowdery: his intimate,

personal feelings, his

association with the Prophet, his own account of the translating of the Book of Mormon, restoration of the

Priesthood, and organizing of the Church; little known

facts about his life while out of the Church, how he

rejoined, and his last days

on earth. Here is moving

drama skillfully portrayed

against an authentic

historical background, giving

a keen insight into his

eventful life. Destined to be

the big book of the year.

or use this handy coupon

BOOKCRAFT 3-62 1186 South Main, Salt Lake City, Utah

Please send "Oliver Cowdery"tor which I enclose:

j $ in check ( ) or

money order ( ).

Name

Address

I City: State |

i

MARCH 1962 141 I dignity, comfort and beauty—bers now come from Asia or Africa, York: November 1961), is the source

figures, writes: the foregoing to for has the time come | plus the privacy of perhaps shortage has never "There seat of the been a the consider whether

individual seating organization should be transferred of Cassandras predicting that the to the Congo, Goa, Suez, or Laos—United Nations would end with

whence comes most of the trouble. a bang. There now exists a real

With traditional dignity and beauty, In November 1961, the Chairman possibility that it may end in and the convenience and modern Relations a whimper."of Foreign the US Senate

coilspring of seats, comfort these of ArkanCommittee, Mr. Fulbright The UN began with a bang—the for ideal of chairs are your house

worship or auditorium. Maximum sas, expressed the opinion that a new bang at Pearl Harbor, December 7,

in is individual privacy the inherent unit, EzyLift organization should be established. 1941. Mr. Churchill, then Prime styling of the each and

seats provide ample passageway. In December, the British Prime Minister, immediately came to WashLuxurious HeywoodWakefield

is available seating in a wide Minister, Mr. MacMillan, and the ington and spent Christmas 1941

variety of aisle ends, beautiful American Ambassador to the UN, with President Franklin D. Roosecolors, and fine fabrics. Write today Mr. Stevenson, expressed grave velt. On New Year's Day, January for free catalog.

concern for the present organization. 1, 1942, the "United Nations"was

Following the invasion of Goa by born as a military alliance, anIndia, Mr. Harlan Cleveland, a US nounced from the White House by

Assistant Secretary of State, stated Mr. Roosevelt, Mr. Churchill, and

that the Kennedy administration representatives of the other powers would ask Congress to authorize at war with the Axis. The UN as

purchases of the $200,000,000 UN a military alliance was formally bond issue designed to help finance transmuted into a general interthe financial crisis. Support from national organization between 1942

the American people through the and 1945, when its charter was offiCongress for such a proposal seems cially approved at the San Francisco

Jl tothe beviewsextremelyexpresseddoubtful.seem toRather,say, conference1945. The ofcharterAprilwas25—Junesigned 26,by

HW "Ifwanttheto pay,memberswhy shouldthemselveswe?"don'tTwo fiftytary nationsalliance ofJunethe 26,successful1945. miliThe

hundred million might be a reasoncharter came into effect October 24,

HEYWOODWAKEFIELD, MENOMINEE, MICH. able price, in the minds of some 1945, following ratification by the

responsible US administrators, for "big five"(China, France, UK, the convenience of communicating USSR, and USA ) and the deposit of

SAVE MONEY! directly with 104 governments in signatories by the other powers with

New York City. However the same the United States'government. SecBuild a convenience must be worth someretary of State James F. Byrnes dethe American people seemed to be day, October 24, 1945. The General MOTHPROOF thing to each of the other 104, and clared the charter in force on that

saying that their patience was at Assembly held its first session in

Closet with a an end. London, January 10, 1946, transThe basic UN budget for 1961, ferring to New York for the second

first this of part session, totals operations, October 23, first 1946. The to the PAINT BRUSH excluding$69,347,800militaryin assessments 104 York meetings New

EASY TO members. The United States'assesswere held in temporary quarters at

APPLY ment is $22,332,800, or 32.02 percent Lake Success, moving to the perof the total. The minimum assessmanent headquarters constructed on

ment for a member is $22,478. This the East River on land donated by

amount is the levy on twentynine John D. Rockefeller, Jr., in 1952.

members, including many of the The United States made $65,000,000

ANYONE CAN new African republics, Albania, available, interestfree, to construct

CONVERT AN Bolivia, Cambodia, Cyprus, Haiti, buildings, repayable in annual inORDINARY Honduras, Iceland, Jordan, Laos, stalments to 1982. The Ford FounCLOSET INTO A Nepal, Nicaragua, Panama, Paradation contributed $6,200,000 in

CEDAR CLOSET guay, and Yemen. The USSR is 1959 for a library building. The city

WITH assessed $9,356,300, or 14.97 percent, of New York also contributed apCEDAR LUX the second highest. The United proximately $26,500,000 for land,

IN ONE HOUR Kingdom is third with 7.58 percent, reconstructing streets, tunnels, and

CEDAR LUX is specially prepared or $7,710,000. Canada pavs a healthy water frontage to the present

compound wood that of lastinglypulverizedmothproofsred cedar 3.12 percent, $2,136,400, in sixth headquarters.

or spray any closet. Brush

surface. gallonit oncoversany place after France (4th) and It should be evident that the taxsmooth One

approx. 75 sq. ft. and dries 3 times China (5th). payers of the United States and of

plaster. as as pink Light hard

. in Professor John G. Stoessinger of New York City have more than procolor. yours today.. you Get

must be satisfied or your money Hunter College, whose recent study, prietary and contributory interests back.

DEALERSHIPS AVAILABLE Financing the United Nations (New (Continued on page 202)

Intermountain Trading Co.

Box 198 Roy, Utah

142 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA a tfi/u/l toc RIDE A WINNER!

A surge of power. A thrilling lift. You're over

the top bar easily... with power to spare. It's the

power in reserve that provides smooth, effortless, championship performance.

Experience this same thrill... of extra power...

in the car you drive. Drive with SixtySix

Gasoline. Phillips packs every gallon with high

octane energy. Yet SixtySix is regular priced.

Try a tankful in your car and enjoy the thrill of championship performance. Have more

fun going... go Phillips 66.

PHILLIPS PETROLEUM COMPANY, Bartlesville, Oklahoma

MARCH 1962 143

Letters and Reports

FIRST IN ELEVEN

YEARS

Yuba City Ward, Gridley ( California Stake recently awarded its first Golden

Gleaner certificate and pin in eleven years to Catherine Hunter.

Mrs. Hunter has also

earned seven individual awards and the

FAMILY REUNITED Honor Bee, Mia Joy, and Silver Gleaner awards. The mother

When sickness struck a Price, Utah, of two small children, she actively supports mother giving birth to a seventh child, her husband in his position as ward TOUCHED the father felt it best to give the baby YMMIA superintendent.

girl to relatives who could give it the needed attention. In time they too fell

ill and placed the child in the state home. the mother died after givON adoptionMeanwhile ing birth to another child; a few years

later, the father passed away leaving the family alone. NORTH TEXAS YOUTH PRICE Through the years the children atCONFERENCE

tempted to find their lost sister but met with little success. Over 150 people participated in the secOn a recent visit to Price, Sue Rae ond annual Youth Conference of the North

LeRoy Walch, Midway, Utah, (extreme Texas District of the Texas Mission. The

right picture) talked to a man who knew twoday conference, held under the superher brother—he was Ivan King of Salt vision of the district missionaries, received

Our prices are not only low. They're LakeNow, City.after Antwentytwoimmediate years,followupthe began.family wideMany newspaperbaptisms wereand televisionexpected publicity.from the

the lowest. Our delivery's not only is reunited. twentyfive nonmembers in attendance.

fast—it's the fastest. Whether you

want one chair or 1,000—Samsonite

will give you what you want, when you want it, at the price you want.

Wire, phone or write for a complete catalog of all styles of Samsonite institutional furniture and leave all the rest to us.

Samsonite AllSteel Folding Chair is the "original"standard construction for institutional seating,

information, see delivery Forpriceand your "ChairsFolding"or Pages under

Institutional I v.iiowrniiPeg., II writeYellow Bros., Seating Shwayder

gap JJ Div., Dept. IE32, Detroit 29, Mich.

NEW BRANCH IN FAR EAST Pictured are members of the new Zama All branches in the US military service in the branch membership are represented District in Central of the Honshu BranchSamsonite Guard. the Coast except East Mission (Japan). Northern FarALLSTEEL FOLDING CHAIRS the

144 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA N0W...EVERY NATURAL VITAMIN

AND MINERAL KNOWN OR BELIEVED TO BE IMPORTANT TO HUMAN NUTRITION... ALL

SCOUTING IN HAWAII

Waikiki 100 of the Ward, BSA Troop i IN ONE TABLET! distinsHonolulu has Stake (Hawaii)

guished itself in recent scouting achievements. The twentyfive year troop was at less than 2$ per tablet

inactive two years ago. Since that time

it has: ( 1 ) presented seven Eagle awards,

all at the same time, the first in the troop's history; (2) received the honorscoutmaster award from the YMMIA genLyman's

eral board both years; (3) claims the

youngest Eagle Scout in the United States, age 12; and twentysix (4) registered Daily Supply representingmembers, of the 100 percent

youth of the ward. Wonderful for ALL age groups... here's why! Unlike

Pictured are Eagle Scouts, front row, most one-a-day tablets which contain but the normal (1-r): James L. Crockett, Jr., asst. scoutdaily requirements of the knownto-beneeded vitamins

master; scribe, F. Michael troop Holland,

... minerals Daily Supply or no each Lyman's fewand Y. Watanabe. Wesley Second

daily of the row: andtablet normal provides supply a generous

K.Floyd R. Brent HewSang, Monson,

vitamins, of requirements knownto-beneeded PLUS Isaacs,Charles senior leader, patrol Jr., L.

and Merrill A. K. Cardejon, Jr., asst. scoutvitamins for which minimums have not yet been estabmaster. Back row: Ric Anderson, scoutlished but which are strongly believed to be needed in

master, and Bishop J. Floyd Scott. the daily diet... PLUS a generous portion of essential

minerals... all derived from natural food sources and

all in a natural food concentrate base. This assures

availability to the body of not only all these vitamins and minerals but also the various traveling agents

synergists, catalysts coenzymes, and trace OUTINGYOUTH IN SOUTH (enzymes, the properly utilize helps the minerals) which system MISSIONGERMAN vitamins and minerals. Also, by making all these nutriThe dream of living in a castle came ents available in a carefully balanced formula, nature

true for 130 young members and friends can select whatever nutrients your body needs.

of the Church in the South German Mission when the MIA staged a 10day youth Nothing like Lyman's Daily Supply anywhere near the at the castleouting Freusburg near Bonn, price! the multiple Compare natural vitamins and

... loose Highlight ofGermany. outing the can Yes you was

.. in minerals Daily tablets Lyman's Supply. compare

ina "Pioneer parwhich Day"costumed.. units the the USP allin-one tablet. compare condelicious, with weightticipants across pulled covered wagons

.. venience all. then with price the others. the compare hills,the over pioneer meals prepared economical, safe this find You'll to best the of its be product at kind the skitscampfires, square presented danced,

adapted from actual pioneer experiences, lowest price!

and sang pioneer songs around the SURE MEAL campfire.

During the outing four German youths which,Carefullymixedbalanced,with milk powderedor water, providesdietary ATTENT'ON!FARE, OR RELIEFWARD, SOCIETYSTAKE, QUORUM,FUNDRAISINGWEL-

were baptized into the Church. every essential nutritional element in a DIRECTORS—Lyman's Daily Supply tablets are

available at generous group discounts regarddiet. with slim lowcalorie 2 Sure Get

of quantity ordered! for raise funds You slim daily. with less servings stay Then Meal

1 Sure Meal serving daily. Thus Sure Meal your group projects, get constant repeat orders

allows you 1 or 2 regular meals a day for and make these healthpromoting vitamin-

A NEW MEMBER WRITES the bulk your body requires. Order today! mineralmissionariestabletsat availablea low, lowto cost.your familiesMail couponand

below for details.

Bremerhaven, Germany Dear Editor,... I wish to express my sincere thanks Don Lyman & Associates, 1087 East 9th South, Salt Lake City 5, Utah,

for a truly inspiring magazine. I have Please send the following quantities of Lyman's Please send the following quantities of Sure Meal:

only been a member since June 1960, and Daily Supply natural vitaminmineral tablets: 20Meal Size 4.75

lotI a certainly reading learned have by Size 40Meal 9.00 lOOTablet Bottle $1.95

. I cannot Era. ImprovementThe

Size (Case) 45.00 Bottle 8.95 240Meal retains 500Tablet astray anyone goingimagine.. who

this influence conveyed by each article in Check desired flavor: Defatted Chocolate, Q Bland,

the Era. We are interested in Lyman's Daily Supply P Butterscotch, Maple, Q Vanilla.

Sincerely, Rixta Werbe tablets or Sure Meal as a fundraising project My name

I may be personally interested in selling My address..

Lyman's Daily Supply tablets or Sure Meal. City. Zone.. State..

MARCH 1962 145 The Church Moves On

December 1961

Salt the featuring Ring,"Lake Tabernacle "Let FreedomLETTERPRESS television as the land a highlight throughout Choir, was seen presentation on the Columbia Broadcasting System.

The final of the threepart series detailing activities of the

PRESERVING Church around the world was presented on the "Faith in Action"

YOUR PRIDE IN radio program of the National Broadcasting Company. Today's

CRAFTSMANSHIP program featured the Church in England.

Perfect photoengraving plates time after January 1962 time can be achieved only with craftsmen entire whose time and Elder Evern O. Youngberg sustained as president of Weiser

skills are devoted to (Idaho) Stake, succeeding President Owen S. Jacobs who

letterpress plates. has recently been called to preside over the new Bavarian

Mission. President Youngberg served as second counselor to

ROSE ENGRAVING CO. President Jacobs in the stake. President Youngberg's counselors

1242 SANTEE ST. LOS ANGELES 15 RICHMOND 9-2396 are Elders Ersal L. Pope and Jay B. Bennion. Elder Rex Ford

Smith who served as first counselor to President Jacobs was released.

The First Presidency announced plans for the creation of a new Southwest British Mission to be formed from parts of the British Mission, and the calling of President A. Ray Curtis

of Holladay (Salt Lake County) Stake to head that new mission,FILMS with headquarters at Bristol, England. President Curtis as a young

man filled a mission in the British Mission. He is a former bishop

has served as a member of theAND PRINTED per roll of the Holladay Eighth Ward, and high council and also as a counselor in the presidency of Holladay

Roll For or 12 Exposure any 6, 8 B1W Curtis Mrs. in 1960. president stake as the Stake. He was sustained

Roll only 35c per PRINTS JUMBO this will be with him on new Josephine a daughter (Jody) and

COLOR FILM hisassignmentsix months'as willtourbeoftheirdutysonwithThomasthe army.R. as Thesooncoupleas he completesalso have

three married daughters. DEVELOPING

KODACOLOR It was announced that President Joseph Fielding Smith of 8-Exposure Roll per the Council of the Twelve and Church Historian had ruled roll Printing Dev. and $2.55 reports to historical the Church all quarterly coming that

1 Roll 2-Exposure per in of the country the language written in Office shall be roll Historian's Dev. Printing and $3.00

Color Reprints 20c each which such reports originate. The Historian's Office will arrange

COLOR SLIDES for translation of these reports as needed.

Slid es 1 35 mm Color per The First Presidency announced the creation of the Irish exp., Dev. and 20 Mount $1.35 roll

1 35 mm Color Slid es per Mission by a division of the ScottishIrish Mission and the 36 exp., Dev. and Mount $2.40 roll call of Elder Stephen R. Covey, bishop of the BYU Twelfth

Color Movie per Ward as president of the new unit. President Covey filled a mission 8 25'Roll $1.35 ror mm,

in the British Isles beginning in September 1953 where he served as of the Irish District. With him to his new field of labor GENEALOGY PHOTOS president

NEGATIVES MADE of OLD will go his wife and their two small daughters. President Bernard

PHOTOS, 60c each. PRINTS P. Brockbank will continue to head what is now the Scottish Mission

of NEGATIVE, 4c each with headquarters at Glasgow. The headquarters of the Irish

Send coin only - no CO.D.'s Mission will be at Belfast. Missionary labors in Ireland date back

MoneyBack Guarantee to 1840. There are now sixtysix mission fields in the Church.

(Continued on page 202) SAM'SP. O. Box 1 1 1 5 Dept.PHOTOAA Salt Lake City,LABUtah

146 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

YOURS ABSOLUTELY FREE!

A TREASURE YOU AND YOUR CHILDREN WILL LOVE!

Here's the book of Bible stories you've been looking

Hundreds of beautifully told stories from the Old and New

Testaments, each richly illustrated. Hundreds of fascinating

Book 4) drawings and scores of fullcolor paintings your children will love. On its pages, prophets come to life and the

scriptures really live, giving your children a rich appreciation of the Gospel. and new understanding

"W %* Regular value $6.95

jiaiolA G i

.. Limited Offe tu tofromdemonstratemissing thehowparticularmembershipbooksin theyou LDSwantBooksto readClub c<

if you agree to buy as few as one book every three months. With every 4 books you

you receive a fifth book of your choice free... a savings of 20%.

TO RECEIVE "BIBLE STORIES"FREE... MAIL COUPON TODAY!

Inc. Books Club, LDS

Main Choose your first selection 1186 South Box 400Salt Lake City 10, Utah from this list of Choice Books

Please enroll me as a new member of the LDS Books Club, Inc. and send me postpaid the book Jesus the Christ $3.75

checked at the right as my first selection for which I enclose the regular price shown. I understand by James A. Talmage

that I will receive "Bible Stories"as my free gift for joining now. Forthcoming selections and

alternates will be described to me in a monthly advance bulletin and I may decline any book simply L.D.S. Reference Encyclopedia,.$5.1

by returning the printed form always provided. I agree to buy as few as one book every three by Melvin R. Brooks

months during the next 12 months and I may resign anytime thereafter. I will receive a BONUS

book for very four additional books I accept. My check or money order for $ is enclosed. byDoctrineDr. Sidney& CovenantsB. SperryCompendium $5.95

Doctrines of Salvation by Joseph Fielding Smith

ADDRESS Vol. I $3.50

CITY.ZONE..STATE. Vol.Vol. IIIll $3.50$3.50

Leadership by Sterling W. Sill Inc Vol. Club, I $3.50 Books

Vol. II $3.50 LDS1 188 SOUTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY 10, UTAH P. O. BOX 400

HIBHHHHHMHHMHRHI MARCH 1962 147 THE FIRST GREAT

THE EDITOR'S PAGE BY PRESIDENT DAVID O. MCKAY VISION

"If any of you lack wisdom, let him ask found himself standing alone.

of God, that giveth to all men liberally, Alone—and unacquainted with the

and upbraideth not; and it shall be learning and philosophy of his day!

given him. Alone—and unschooled in the arts

"But let him ask in faith, nothing and sciences!

wavering. For he that wavereth is like Alone—with no philosopher to instruct

a wave of the sea driven with the wind him, no minister to guide him! In

and tossed."(James 1:5-6.) simplicity and kindness he had hastened

Joseph Smith read that promise at to them with his glorious message; in

a time when the small community in scorn and derision they had turned from which he lived was greatly agitated by him, saying it was all of the devil;

religious revivals wherein each of the that there were no such things as visions prevailing sects of Christianity in the or revelations in these days; that all such

neighborhood was heralding its reasons things had ceased with the apostles;

for claiming to be the true church, and and that there would never be any more and vociferously condemning the beliefs of them.

of others. Thus he was left alone to embark

The young man was conscientiously upon the ocean of religious thought, seeking to know which of the churches having rejected every known vessel was right. Manifestly, inasmuch as they with which to sail and never having

disagreed on points of scripture, some built one or even having seen one built were undoubtedly preaching doctrines himself. Surely if an impostor, the bark

not in harmony with Holy Writ. he could build would be indeed a

He retired to a secluded grove and crude one.

prayed for an answer to his problem. On the other hand, if that which he

His prayer was answered by the visitabuilt possesses an excellence and superition of the Father and the Son. ority over that which the learned proTwo important elements in this first fessors and philosophers had given to

vision were these: first, that God is a the world during the preceding hunpersonal Being, who communicated his dreds of years, men will be forced, at

will to man; and second, that no creed least, to say in surprise, "Whence hath

in Christendom had the true plan this man his wisdom!"

of salvation. It would appear, then, that though

The result of this declaration was he seemed alone, he was alone only as his immediate ostracism from the rewas Moses on Sinai; as was Jesus on the

ligious world. In a very short time he Mount of Olives. As with the Master,

148 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA so with the Prophet, his instructions adaptation to the needs and to the adcame not through manmade channels vancement of the human family—these

but direct from God, the source of and many other phases of this great all intelligence. latterday work, when even only partly

The result of this divine guidance was understood, led thinking persons to an assurance of the righteousness of ponder upon the source of the Prophet's what he taught and a fearlessness of wisdom.

proclaiming it. When Joseph Smith Other men with noble aspirations,

taught a doctrine, he taught it authoriwith power and popularity, failed in tatively. His was not the question attempting to establish their ideals.

whether it agreed with man's thoughts Joseph Smith was favored intellectually or not. What was given to him, he by inspiration. Brother Joseph knew he

gave to the world irrespective of the was chosen of Almighty God to establish agreement or disagreement of its harin this dispensation the Church of Jesus mony or its discord with the belief of Christ which he, as Paul, declared to be the churches or the prevailing standards the power of God unto salvation (see of mankind; and today, as we look Romans 1:16)—social salvation, moral

through the vista of over thirteen salvation, spiritual salvation.

decades, we have a good opportunity "... he that cometh to God must beof judging the virtue of his teachings, lieve that he is, and that he is a rewarder

and of concluding as to the source of of them that diligently seek him."

his instruction. (Hebrews 11:6.)

When Joseph Smith received his first In this scripture lies the secret of revelation, in the spring of 1820, he was Joseph Smith's emergence from obscur- a mere youth. He was unschooled, unity to worldwide renown. His belief

trained. Ten years later the Church of in God was absolute, his faith in divine

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints was guidance unwavering.

organized. Joseph was not yet thirtyYou members of the Church bear the

nine years of age when he was martyred. responsibility first of comprehending

The harmony of his teachings with the significance and magnitude of this, those taught by the Savior and his the Lord's work; and secondly, especially

apostles; the reasonableness of his asseryou, the youth of Israel, bear the respontion that men must be called of God to sibility of carrying that message to

officiate in things pertaining to God; the a world in which there are millions of

complete organization of the Church; honest hearts, yearning for better condiits government, laws, and wonderful tions than those under which they live.

MARCH 1962 149

question: "In the fifteenth the Savior arose, and have eternal

chapter of Mosiah we read that life. Will you please enlighten

those who lived before the comus in regard to this as we wonder ing of our Savior, who never how and why this could be, withheard of him and never had salout them having heard the messagevation declared to them had part YOUR of the gospel when living in this in the first resurrection at the time world?"answer: This question is in QUES After the scattering of the

reference to the teachings of Abinpeople to all parts of the earth, adi as follows: they fell away from the teach- "And there cometh a resurrecTION ings of Noah. Generation after

tion, even a first resurrection; yea, generation came and passed in

even a resurrection of those that idolatry. Yet many of these children were otherwise intelligent.have been, and who are, and who ANSWERED BYshall be, even until the resurrection They had accepted the worship

of Christ—for so shall he be called. of images and false gods because "And now, the resurrection of all JOSEPH of the traditions of their fathers.

the prophets, and all those that Among these peoples were many FIELDING have believed in their words, or all of the Egyptians, the Greeks, the those that have kept the comRomans, the Persians, and peoplesmandments of God, shall come SMITH who had spread out all over theforth in the first resurrection; therePRESIDENT OF face of the earth. These people

fore, they are the first resurrection. THE COUNCIL were not responsible for their con-

"They are raised to dwell with OF THE TWELVE dition. They had followed the

God who has redeemed them; thus teachings of their fathers and lived

they have eternal life through and died in their ignorance of diChrist, who has broken the bands of death. vine truth taught to Adam, to Noah, and to Abraham.

"And these are those who have part in the first We are taught that we will be punished for our own resurrection; and these are they that have died before sins, but what of these millions who sinned ignorantly,

Christ came, in their ignorance, not having salvation not having any knowledge of the mission of the Son of declared unto them. And thus the Lord bringeth God? According to the divine plan the truth of the

about the restoration of these; and they have a part gospel must eventually be declared to them, for it

in the first resurrection, or have eternal life, being is written that "... the voice of the Lord is unto all

redeemed by the Lord."(Mosiah 15:2124.) men, and there is none to escape; and there is no

The millions of souls who have lived on the earth eye that shall not see, neither ear that shall not hear, at a time and place when the gospel was not here, neither heart that shall not be penetrated."( D&C 1:2.

due to the transgressions of their fathers, cannot be So we discover that the Lord, in his great mercy, judged by the standards which the pure gospel prowill remember the heathen as well as Israel, and that claims. Many of the people living in the pagan world justice will be meted out to every soul. We have the

were intelligent, industrious, honest in their dealings assurance that every soul who was ignorant of the with their fellows, but were unfortunate to be detruth when living shall have the gospel taught to him, scendants of those who in earlier ages rejected the although it may be delayed to the days when he is gospel which had been declared to them, and therein the spirit world.

fore their descendants were raised in idolatry. The We are taught that people cannot be punished for

Lord declared through his prophets that the children what they did not know. Therefore Abinadi said of

are not answerable for the sins of their parents. those who died in their ignorance:

"The fathers shall not be put to death for the chil- "And these are those wlio have part in the first dren, neither shall the children be put to death for resurrection; and these are they that have died before

their fathers: every man shall be put to death for Christ came, in their ignorance, not having salvation

his own sin."(Deut. 24:16.) declared unto them. (Continued on page 214)

150 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

On March 6th, 1962 the Pioneer Memohim only in extreme emergencies, for we rial Theater will be dedicated on the Uni- A knew the great burdens and responsibilities versity of Utah campus. The building is a he carried.

testament of the courage and vision of a MODERN The obstacles that loomed to oppose the modern pioneer, President David O. McKay. project were many. Some seemed insurThe impetus for its building was his belief PIONEER mountable, but the President met each

in the theater as a necessary part of man's by c. Lowell lees hurdle with the dramatic awareness of a

life as ascribed to by Brigham Young who PROFESSOR AND consummate artist with the understanding

CHAIRMAN OF THE said, "Upon the stage of a theater can be THEATER AND BALLET and adroitness of a great humanitarian, alrepresented in character, evil and its conUNIVERSITY OF UTAH ways buoying our flagging spirits with quotes sequences, good and its happy results and from Shakespeare. These were unforgettable

rewards; the weakness and the follies of experiences often too precious to relate exman, the magnanimity of virtue and the cept in general terms. I remember a Christgreatness of truth. The stage can be made mas Eve in the Senate Chamber of the State

to aid the pulpit in impressing upon the Capitol which followed hard on an unfortuminds of the community an enlightened sense nate press disclosure of plans not completely of a virtuous life, also a proper horror of the formulated nor ready for publication which enormity of sin and a just dread of its conalienated many and crystallized active opposequences...."( Discourses, p. 243. sition. The President appeared there before

My first encounter with David O. McKay civic and legislative leaders as he said to

occurred shortly after I returned to Salt confess his sins, sins of omitting such leaders

Lake from Minneapolis after an absence of from the early planning of a great project.

nearly fifteen years. The Salt Lake Theatre His sincerity and honesty quickly dispelled

and Social Hall had been torn down, and all hostility and produced assurance of supthere was a definite public apathy toward port and endorsement. Even so, a legislative

theater even though the Mormons had bill for the theater when introduced into founded the first little theater in America. the House failed to pass. I remember the

Having an avowed purpose of rebuilding the old twinkle in his eyes as I related this disaster and

Salt Lake Theatre, I approached many people for the tightened lines around his lips as he said, "We'll support, and finally in desperation turned to the just have to fight a little harder to make them underFirst Presidency of the Church. Dr. A. Ray Olpin, stand."His enjoyment and earnestness in defense of

president of the University of Utah, proposed a plan his belief in the need of a theater finally won legisto them for building a theater on the university lative approval.

campus. I recall that at the close of the meeting My most profound experience was in the hospital.

President McKay, then the Second Counselor in the My collapse and emergent surgeries brought the

First Presidency, put his arm around my shoulder President to my bedside. His eyes flashed, and his

and said, "Truly, this must be done, for the students voice was firm and determined as he reassured me, must never lose sight of the fact that they have "You shall live to complete your work."After long

a great theatrical heritage and their pioneer forebears weeks renewed life surged through my veins, and I were a cultural people."knew the dream of a theater would be a reality.

When Brother McKay became the President of As the structure of the Pioneer Memorial Theater the Church, he sent for me and asked what I was takes form, as paint glistens on its walls and the doing about the new theater. He seemed pleased scent of walnut and oak fill its corridors, I contemplate

with the plans I showed him and began to work out its future and hope that it will in every way be worthy ways and means for its building. I wonder if either of the consideration that the President has given it,

of us knew the tremendous work that would be and that it will somehow fulfil his visions for it. As

required. I pray that it will bear the honest simplicity of his

Mr. Leland Flint, who was to structure the financing spirit, I recall the lines from Hamlet that President

of the building, made it a fullfledged project. The McKay so often quotes to me: "But look, the morn,

President, as was his way, gave us his full confidence in russet mantle clad, Walks o'er the dew of yon to work out the details, and we agreed to consult high eastern hill"—and I am reassured.

MARCH 1962 151 o aoQ

WHY THE PIONEER MEMORIAL THEATRE

Since it is fitting that men should render praise where not the largest theater in the world, but it was the praise is deserved—honor where honor is due, the most classically designed and substantially built, and

ultranew Pioneer Memorial Theater on the campus the most completely equipped for production of of the University of Utah will be dedicated on March drama and for comfort and convenience of actors 6, 1962 to mark the centennial of the internationally and audiences.

famous old Salt Lake Theatre. This commandingly beautiful Grecian Doric strucLess than fifteen years from the day the vanguard ture stood isolated in the Rocky Mountain wilderness

group of Mormon pioneers entered the valley of the a thousand miles from civilization, but almost immeGreat Salt Lake, an elegant theater was prayerfully diately it attracted worldwide attention, and for dedicated to the Giver of all good blessings. It was more than sixtyfive years the Salt Lake Theatre and

152 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA / s D

BY ILA FISHER MAUGHAN

its activities continued to command international admiration.

William Hepworth Dixon, an English scholar visiting in the United States to search out material for his book The New America, crossed the plains by stagecoach to investigate personally the Mormon culture that was then taking root in the western desert. Of the

Salt Lake Theatre he wrote:

"The chief beauties of this model playhouse

Before the play begins: Return of Long be my heart with memories filled Oldtime actors Henry E.

the Victorious Fleet, front drop The scent of roses will hang 'round Pioneer actor Joseph SimBowring and Philip Marcurtain of the old Salt Lake Theatre. still. Theatre placque. mons as Alonzo in Pizarro. getts in Two Poets.

lie behind the scenes in the ample space, the perfect their part to expedite that prayer. He asked that the

light, the scrupulous cleanliness of every part. I am Lord Almighty would bless and preserve those who

pretty well acquainted with Green Rooms and side would perform on its stage that they might be "just wings in Europe but I have never seen, not in Italian as virtuous, truthful and humble before God and each nor Austrian theatres, so many delicate arrangements other as though they were on a mission to preach the for privacy and comfort.... Everybody's pleasure gospel."Indeed, he considered members of the

is considered... and neither within the doors nor Deseret Dramatic Association to be so called.

without them do you find the riot of our Drury Lane He cautioned the people that "if anything is disand Lyceum; no loose women, no pickpockets, no covered contrary to the strictest virtue and decorum,

ragged boys and girls, no drunken and blasphemthe offenders must leave this building."And they

ing men."did. More than once those considered to be "boisterThe Salt Lake Theatre was constructed for the ously ignorant"were escorted out by ushers. Conduct

express purpose of improving the public mind and in theaters of the world at the middle of the nineteenth exalting the literary tastes of the community. Dramas century was not exemplary, and actresses were genwere presented that the people might have joy which erally looked at askance, but from its beginning

in the philosophy of Mormonism is synonymous the Salt Lake Theatre was distinctly different. It

with progression mentally, morally, physically, and was as it was meant to be a fresh and driving impulse spiritually. towards civilization in the western wilderness.

In the extended dedicatory prayer, which of itself Since theater and Mormonism have been intimately was uncommon to theaters, Daniel H. Wells asked, associated from the days when the Prophet Joseph

"May order, virtue, cleanliness, sobriety, and every Smith established the production of dramas in the excellence obtain and hold fast herein."Then Brigcity of Nauvoo, which was the first genuine "Little

ham Young set about to make sure the people did Theater"movement in America, it is particularly

Emily, Fanny, and MaTwila Western tvas enjoyed Prominent Salt Lake Theatre players, 186269. Placque now at the site

rinda Young playing in as Parthenia in The BarbariAnnie Adams, mother of worldfamous Maud of the Salt Lake Theatre

The Marble Heart. an at the Salt Lake Theatre. Adams, is second from left, first row. in downtown Salt Lake

City.

154 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The tiered interior of the grand Care of presentation old Playhouse of the West—the always produced realgreat Salt Lake Theatre. istic drama.

'Photo Credits: Utah State

Historical Society sn mm ki

tSmmSKm

iULiLei

proper that Salt Lake City should be the home of the best theater in the world. The Pioneer

Memorial Theater aims to become just that.

More than fifteen years of dreams and vision and dedicated effort led by Dr. C. Lowell Lees

are now climaxed by construction of this new theater on the campus of the University of Utah.

To the casual observer the building is deceptive of its real proportions which are immense, there being as much floor space below ground as above, six floors in all plus two attic rooms to house the center for lighting effects and a heating plant imbedded beneath the basement.

In keeping with our modern automotive age a circular driveway at the south will permit patrons to leave their cars and enter the building all under cover, and special service will park all automobiles and deliver them back to their owners on call.

Approaching from the west, the front entrance graced by two Grecian Doric columns is suggestive of the old Salt Lake Theatre, but the long gradual (Continued on page 190)

All types of drama were popular with audiences at the old theatre. Here is a scene

from Under the Gas Light.

MARCH 1962 CHURCH AND EADERS MML

The term communication encompasses a vast and varied area of human experience. The importance of communication in any human undertaking hardly needs

demonstration. It is quite obvious that members of

society must utilize some form of communication to persist in even a modicum of existence. Couple this

with the fact that communication is probably the most important vehicle for influencing whatever good or evil may arise in our time and we begin to realize the crucial importance of communication in the lives of members of the Church, as well as in the lives of members of society in general. Even today the local,

The author of this article, national, and international scenes hum with people who are directly or indirectly concerned with the facilitation

R. Wayne Pace, is assoand improvement of communication, for both insidious

and virtuous purposes.

ciate professor and chairThe very heart of sound administration and leaderof is effective ship best communication. measure The

say, of effectiveness analysts man of the Department the any organization, many is the effectiveness of communication within the organof Speech and Drama at ization. What is true of business organization is likewise

Parsons College, Fairfield, true of Church organizations, as they are analogous structures in that they both demand good communication

Iowa. It is hoped that the to coordinate effectively the activities of members in

order to attain their goals. The implications here

suggestions made here by are twofold:

one well trained in the 1. Leaders who are aware of their communication

responsibilities can establish a climate for effective field of communications communication.

2. Each leader can make a conscious effort to

will prove interesting and develop the skills and to acquire the abilities to communicate effectively.

beneficial to our readers. Keeping these implications in mind, let's turn for

156 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA JNICATION

a few moments to some basic considerations about the role of communication in an organization. We sometimes think of "communication"merely in terms of personal

media employed in communicating, e.g., vocal expression, bodily actions, language usage,

and others; or we may have considered it in terms of different forms of communication, e.g., speechmaking, discussion, debate, or oral reading. However, as we look at

communication in an organization, we should be aware that at least two elements are missing when we become preoccupied with communication as suggested above: (1)

We overlook the fact that communication involves both sending and receiving messages, not just sending; hence, the necessity of improving listening and observing habits, as

well as other skills, is often ignored; (2) we fail to realize that in an organization each

individual is potentially a channel through which messages flow, not just a receiver or a sender, but at the same time a receiver and a sender; for example, a series of typical

communication events in which individuals act as receivers and senders takes place when a stake leader gives a message to a group of his ward leaders. The ward leaders carry

the message into their wards and send it on to individual ward members who in turn carry it into their homes. A single message may be sent, received, carried, sent, and

received by several people in the "channels"of communication on the way to its destination. When we analyze communication in an organization, we are properly concerned with the processes by which messages (or meaning) get from position to posi-

'. tion and from person to person in the organization structure.

Now, let us consider some of the prerequisites that are (Continued on page 178)

MARCH 1962 v%>feS a*

BY KATHRYN E. FRANKS

If I were six in April I would be scuffing down the I am hoping they will climb upon the pasture gate country lane with the soft dust sifting between my and bend over and pluck a longstemmed clover and bare toes. I would be hurrying down the dusty path chew quietly on the stem. Thus they would get

to our west field where I'd trail in the freshly turned a worthwhile view of the countryside.

sod behind my father's plow. Their eyes are accustomed to tall buildings and

But I am not six—I am seven times six, and I am back yards, and they seem not to see beyond their

riding with my three sons down the same lane in our reach. They are leaning against the fence arguing

new skyblue station wagon. over the style of the tractor; its speed, the type

This is the big moment for me of a crosscountry of engine....

journey, and I have asked permission to drive my The warm breeze stirs my memory, and I know by sons down the lane as I remember it on such an closing my eyes how many steps from the dip in the

April day. lane here to the flowering hawthorne down by the

I am pointing out to the boys with great sentiment last pasture gate. The meadow larks call each other

the old home place: the white farmhouse with the from various fence posts along the way, and the

green lawn and large trees surrounding it, the orchard mixed fragrance of honeysuckle and clover flutters to the side, the grove of tall maples to the back where softly on the edge of the breeze.

the gate opens to the lane that leads down to the My boys move closer now, and I remind them how west fields. I waded in the stream by the edge of the field on hot

My sons are watching the swift climbing of a jet summer days. I finally suggest they roll up their

overhead and do not hear what I am saying.... pants legs and wade awhile. Again, they are used

There is a tractor in the far west field where I to city sidewalks and swimming pools, and they look remember my father with the two white horses plowat me in such an odd way I turn my back on the ing the straight, narrow furrows. Stretching beyond, west field and start back up the lane.

the green and brown fields are patchworked with We are a generation apart. I can walk up the

fencestitching across the rolling hills. The landscape lane with them this April day, but I cannot take them

has not changed. back with me, and I so badly want them to see the

The day is April fresh, with a few white clouds newness, feel the softness, and smell the fragrance roving lazily over the wide, blue sky. The narrow of April.

creek winds along the lower hollow of the plowed I do not know the small boy coming down the lane field where it slips under the fence and cuts through from the house. It has been so many years since I

the corner of the adjoining meadow. Three whiteleft the farm, so many new owners. As he comes

faced cattle mosey from under the shady cottonwoods closer with his clear whistling and quick, straight step, down the slope to the bank of the creek. Cautiously, I feel I want to stop him, want to speak.

they wade deep into the cool, running water. I watch him, as my sons grow impatient, turn from

I want my sons to feel spring's good earth under the lane into the plowed field. At this moment, it is

their feet. I push them from the car to walk a short as if I know him better than my own three boys...

distance with me down the lane, but they barge for he looks to be about six.

/ ahead racing one another for the nearest tree. Six in April!

vy r- MARCH 1962 159 BY HARRISON T. PRICE TEAifitA CUP OF

the great on ended war When 15, August A true story 1945, there in celebration no the was Japanese village of Narumi. only There was hunger of the Church and sadness. the Some people heard emperin postwar or'sof theradiofarmerstalk tounderstoodthe people hisof Japan,stiltedbutwords,few

Japan "Wethe littlemust villagebear theknewunbearable."just what Noto onedo, soin

they continued with their work in the shops and fields as their families had for centuries past.

Tatsui Sato and his wife Chiyo were grateful for the news that there would be no more air raids on the nearby factories and railroads.

It seemed strange that suddenly there was peace and the big silver B-29's might never fly over their little houses again. But now

that the fire bombs were gone hunger was still with them. The government rice ration

to each family had been further cut to two child portions for each person a day. For a

long time they had lived on frogs, roots, and some small sweet potatoes. Sato San and his

wife gave most of their food to their little son Yasuo and daughter Atsuko who lay quietly in their futon quilt beds on the straw mat floors.

On the second day of August that year two more great changes came to the Sato family. The military leaders of Japan formally

V I surrenderedTokyo Bay, andon atheirUnitedprettyStatesdaughterbattleshipAtsukoin quietly died of malnutrition and dysentery.

A few pennies worth of medicine might have saved her, Sato San remarked later, but there was none.

When the first trucks full of American soldiers rumbled through the narrow streets of Narumi many of the villagers waited fearfully behind locked doors. Through the

shutters they saw the tired young faces of the

Americans who had somehow defeated their great military forces. For centuries Japanese

emperors, warriors, merchants, and pilgrims had passed through this village with their colorful banners and bells. Since ancient

times Narumi had been a famous stopping place on the (Continued on page 184)

"Thank you, but we do not drink tea or use other stimulants."

MARCH 1962 161 GENEALOGY SEC WRITING A FAMILY HISTORY (THE SPIRIT OF ELIJAH IN ACTION)

BY CLEO GRIGG JOHNSON

The task of writing a family history and genealogy ciation which was my father's family, and I was is a long, painstaking, but ofttimes an enlightenchosen family researcher. I spent some time each

ing undertaking. year at the LDS Genealogical Library and soon had

My book, Five Generations of Mormonism, which many notebooks bulging with material on the was published in May 1956, is now in the libraries Quakers and Dutch of Pennsylvania, Virginia, and of Harvard, Duke, and Brigham Young universities, North Carolina, and I also filled many family group and many other libraries, as well as in genealogical sheets for temple ordinance work.

families and historical society collections, Church Then I hit upon the idea of recording some of the and state. material I had collected, putting it into story form

As a youngster I was forever asking Mother quesand making it available to other members of my famtions about her dead parents and grandparents, and ily. I also wanted to include presentday facts about

since she was a granddaughter of Parley P. Pratt, an the different branches of our people, and since my

apostle and gifted writer, she was forever saving greatgrandfather, Dr. Anderson Irvin Grigg, was

letters and bits of family history in case she might the first of the Grigg clan to seek out the restored want to write a book about her ancestors. gospel, I was impressed that I should make him the

I loved to stay with my Grigg grandparents and central figure of my proposed book.

hear their stories about their Civil War experiences After reading Parley P. Pratt's booklet, The Voice

and early life in the South. They always ended their of Warning, Dr. Grigg named his youngest child

reminiscing by telling me of their finding the true Parley, little dreaming that this child would grow to gospel, and by bearing their testimonies. manhood and father two sons who would marry

Being left a widow after fifteen years of happy granddaughters of his beloved apostle, Parley P.

marriage, I began doing genealogical research on Pratt. Through these marriages many of Dr. Grigg's

my husband's ancestors which took me into the early descendants carry forth the Pratt blood.

records of the Dutch of New York and New Jersey I obtained a list of Dr. Grigg's sons and daughters,

as well as into the records of Virginia and Kentucky. complete with birth, marriage, and death dates,

In 1948 I helped organize the Grigg Family Assogetting them from the old family Bible of my grandNovember 1905 5. Aiiitiion Andt*rscin (In SI—J G1*o, Marv Pratt Ckrdrter Grij ida

jffi

father, who was the abovenamed Parley Mormon when he was a boy.

Grigg and the youngest child on the list. Meanwhile I also received answers to letters from

There were eleven children listed. Two boys had many other members of our family who seemed

died young. The oldest daughter had never married. thrilled at hearing from a relative they did not know

The oldest son had no offspring. My problem was existed. I continued to receive family histories and

to obtain the descendants of the other seven children. records and many old pictures, one of which was of

My father Ammon Anderson Grigg and family left my grandfather Parley Grigg's family group, taken

Wayne County, Utah, in 1902 and moved to LaGrande, when my father was only ten years old.

Oregon; therefore, most of Parley Mormon Grigg's I finally reached family members from Portland,

descendants were in Oregon and Idaho and fairly Oregon to Salt Lake City, Utah. All were very helpaccessible to me. But for the past fifty years no one ful in sending me addresses, pictures, and genealogies.

had heard much about the other six branches of But I still had to find the descendants of three more

Dr. Grigg's family. of Dr. Grigg's and Casandria Pell Grigg's daughters.

The next time I went to Salt Lake City, I chose Accordingly, I wrote a letter to the postmaster in some Grigg, Taylor, Callahan, and Tanner names Pinnacle, North Carolina, asking him for addresses from the telephone directory and a few from the of some of the Venable family that he might know.

Provo directory. To these I wrote brief letters, stating He wrote right back, sending the names and addresses

who I was and my plan to produce a family book. of two daughters of his old friend, Martin Venable,

I was overjoyed with the response. The first letter who proved to be granddaughters of Nancy Jane

I received was from a relative in Provo who was Grigg. One of them, Miss Rae Venable, a registered

intensely interested in genealogy and family history. nurse, sent me the family group of her grandmother

He had written one hundred and nineteen pages on and the names of her own brothers and sisters. She

his own early life in Wayne County, Utah, which he did this by tearing out the family pages from her later let me use, and he gave me the address of his grandmother's old Bible and sending them to me. I

uncle who lived at St. George, reputedly the oldest was really touched because the Venable family had

living descendant of Dr. Grigg. been opposed to Mormonism in the early days of the

I wrote this Uncle Henry a letter, asking for all Church. From these leads I soon had family histhe information he could give me. He immediately tories and records coming in from various sources.

dictated important historical material to a nephew My remaining problem was to locate the descendand sent to me this graphic and detailed account of ants of Dr. Grigg's second daughter, Pamelia Leah

all that he could remember about the Grigg family Taylor. I knew that one of her granddaughters, Angeand their conversion to the Church, their persecutions, line Taylor Blackburn, lived in Jamison, Oregon. I

and their migration from the South, which were wrote to her. Fortunately she was a record keeper,

events his grandmother Grigg had related to him and she sent me the {Continued on page 197)

u

1 92!) Maklu, { "J )-l. CIeo. > I; Ruth. '2) 5, Autumn. Imbm Beach, CalHnmiu.

"In the sweat of thy face shalt thou eat bread."(Gen. individual initiative to function in a medium of free-

3:19.) This directive from the Lord to Father Adam dom! These factors have made possible the release

is among the first commandments given to man. It of millions of farm workers who might have been

is likewise one of the most basic and fundamental engaged in food production tasks to be engaged in commandments, because bread is the staff of life, and myriads of other fields in the production of human it is not obtained without effort. Work all down wants and needs which science and invention have

through the ages has been the golden ingredient created for enriching our lives.

which has made men great and good and fine. From This is a day where skilled hands, trained minds,

the very beginning wise men discovered that the understanding hearts, and cooperative attitudes are world does not owe them a living, and that something in demand at premium prices. It is interesting to

of worth cannot be had without working for it. observe that public and private welfare and unemWhile living procedures have changed radically ployment rolls are currently filled with the names of

since the days of Father Adam, the fundamental persons out of work who possess very limited marketprinciple of work and its contribution to human welable skills and abilities. It would seem that such

fare remains the same. There were few kinds of lists are larger today than in any year since 1940. It

jobs which men were engaged in then. There are is interesting to observe that at the same time numernearly fifty thousand various jobs listed in the ous industrial,concerns have long lists of job openings

Dictionary of Occupational Titles today. for highly skilled, technical, and professional workers.

Young people soon learn that the world is, indeed, Such a seemingly paradoxical situation should cause very complex. Jobs vary in complexity from simple every seriousthinking church member to stop, look,

manual operations to those which are extremely intriand think. We are devoting much time, effort, and

cate and technical. Likewise the education and trainmoney in church welfare programs to provide for our

ing essential for a job or professional performance needy members. Truly such persons need the help

varies from no required schooling to twenty or more when misfortune overtakes them. We are all for helpyears of diligent, concentrated preparation. ing our friends and neighbors when misfortune strikes;

America's agricultural, industrial, and technological yet it is observed in many cases that our neighbors might is based upon the dedicated belief of her citiin need might have been helped in their youth if zens that education for all youth is essential to the they had learned a marketable skill, a trade, or a pronational welfare. Results bear mute testimony to the fession. This is one of the finest kinds of insurance

truth of this belief, for instance, about fifty percent to help in keeping all of us out of the need category of the productive workers of Russia are required as in our years of maturity.

farm laborers to meet her food and fiber needs. This The problem of welfare then comes right down to

is in great contrast to the nine percent of our produc- a decision of whether to "place a fence along the tive workers on American farms who are producing road, around the cliff, or maintain an ambulance more food and fiber in some enterprises than is down in the valley."The public utterances of our

currently consumed. Why the difference? The anchurch leaders would seem to favor the fencing of

swer: education, research, and an opportunity for the cliff.

1 2 3 But what kind of fence is needed in this case? Let

us take a thoughtful look at the situation! In Utah

for every one hundred young people who enter the ninth grade in public schools, seventyfive of them graduate from high school. The twentyfive who do

not graduate fail to do so for various reasons. Marriage leads the list. This condition is relatively

similar in all states. High school dropouts are capable

usually of doing only unskilled work for which employers pay the least. Unskilled workers head the

list on relief rolls.

1. Young women and young men who have good training

in business are in short supply. Good jobs await them immeThe following charts give an idea of trends with

diately after they complete their training. regards to worker status in our society in 1950 and

2. Farming is changing. It is not dying and offers many 1960 and a projection of the probable status in 1970.

to are trained in the arts opportunities alert young who men Salaries are paid to workers generally in proportion husbandry. animal and agronomy sciences of and

3. Highly skilled and technical workers find attractive jobs to the amount of education and training each worker

at good pay in industrial establishments. has had. Experience, of course, is another criterion

164 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA *m

'-tfi r

IN THE

SWEAT OF THY FACE

BY MARK NICHOLS

DIRECTOR OF VOCATIONAL.EDUCATION

UTAH STATE DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC INSTRUCTION

MARCH 1962 aFigures were obtained from the Utah Department of Employment

Security.

THE UTAH VOCATIONAL EDUCATIONAL CHALLENGE IN A NUTSHELL

As shown by worker catagohes

MANUAL SKILLED AND SEMISKILLED HIGHLY SKILLED AND TECHNICAL

> e #< *** >*>*>*>*(tIIIIIXIIIIIttliaHIIIKllllKIliiiliiinilllll|jililk<iiitlltl alt U**FPV"alillllliiimiMiliMbWIkiiiiiii "'.--,1950 im.i........|t ti|i>t>....... <iiliMifiHiiitii ***> 46% m >>>** 'llllll IIIIIIIMDI, ''l I PROFESSIONAL (BACHELORS DEGREE)m

1960 >al<a *'a i*****t flTfjMM&JArf"Xyn**F"XJk A /U/ >*IMIII>llllllliUMIUIIIIIIIIlllltl*lajatllttllliiiiiiiiiiiOMitinaiiBH*a*t7ThTTB4*iaT*i>Biia*B<fiiaaji'aapairiithaitaafejftaa***V'*'aja% JT*iM#'!**) *a. *",.. >* 3%i% 1R 44% imiiii>(iiiiiiiiiaianiiii(i)iai>iMiiii4

.".".*.*.*

HIGH PROFESSIONAL (MASTERS DEGREE)

.aaataBtaaaaajvaaeaaBBBBBaa**aa'-**aaaaaBaaaaaaa***>***-a>aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaai

1970 4%i% ai aiaaaiiaiaiaaiaa"*

l'HIGHLY PROFESSIONAL (DOCTORS DEGREE)

The above chart shows the Utah Vocational story in skilled and technical workers show an increase of a nutshell. It portrays the actual percentage of all 50 percent. Those in professional categories show an

workers in Utah in the various ability categories for increase of 88 percent.

1950 and 1960 and the anticipated percentages for One important observation from these graphs is the 1970. It will be observed that the percentage of manfact that approximately twothirds of all workers are

ual workers is decreasing (34 percent in the 20year in the semiskilled, skilled, and highly skilled cateperiod). There is a slight decrease (13 percent) in gories. A high percentage of them are engaged in jobs

the semiskilled and skilled categories. The decrease for which VOCATIONAL EDUCATION CAN AND

here will be essentially in the semiskilled. The highly DOES MAKE A BASIC TRAINING CONTRIBUTION FOR EFFICIENCY AND SUCCESS.

when salary is considered. But education and training of a US Commission of three which was sent to obare basic considerations. The Utah public school serve educational procedures in general and vocational

system and that of our country in general is geared and technical training programs in particular. The

to help young people prepare themselves for their Russian government is insistent that every young life's work. Today our educational philosophy in person be educated and trained to the maximum of

America is to provide every young person an opporhis abilities in terms of the interests of the communist tunity for an education that will be challenging to his planners so that he can make the greatest possible interests and develop his abilities to the maximum. contribution to the state as a productive worker.

With such a provision each young person then has an Educational opportunities are provided for all young opportunity to find a job or develop a job for himself people to meet this goal, and Russia today is reported in an individual enterprise, competitive, capitalistic to be making double the effort that we are in terms of economy. He should know that the government expenditures for education and particularly vocational

does not owe him a living. The government, however, education. According to a Russian decree issued

with the freedoms it provides gives each person an December 24, 1958, all students in secondary schools opportunity to make his own living in terms of his and above must spend a considerable part of their abilities, interests, and individual initiative. school time in agriculture and industry on jobs reEvery young person should be made aware of this. lated to their abilities and schooling. Mr. Khrushchev

I spent April and May 1960 in Russia as a member is committed to the idea that all young people should

166 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA have the experience of work and understand how it This then is no time for Latterday Saint youth to feels to "sweat."This he reasons is important for the be dropping from high school, and 69.7 percent of

welfare of the communist society because every indithe young people in Utah are members of the vidual must learn to have a wholesome respect for Church. Utah and other states have good vocational

work and the dignity it should command, irrespective schools, junior colleges, colleges, and universities to of the level. I witnessed the May Day Parade in help youth prepare themselves for productive and

Moscow and saw 600,000 workers march through useful work which is an important part of good

Red Square. They were hailed as heroes because citizenship.

they had more than met their work quotas. As of Parents, youth, and adult church members in

today Russia falls considerably short of producing general have a responsibility to see that all young economic goods when compared with the volume of people today receive a maximum amount of education production of the United States. She regards eduand training in terms of their interests and abilities.

cation as her secret weapon in overtaking and surThis is, indeed, a moral obligation which every young passing us. May we always remember the fate of person owes to himself, his church, and his governthe hare in the fable of the "Hare and the Tortoise!"ment. Encouragement and guidance in this respect

We cannot afford to be caught napping with regard could form the basis for much quorum activity among to past and present achievements. elders, seventies, and high priests who are imbued

And make no mistake about it—through hard work with the philosophy that "We are our brother's

Mr. Khrushchev ultimately intends to bring the keeper."Every young person in every ward must be

democratic countries to their knees in economic "saved"in this regard and trained to be a productive competition in the markets of the world. Every worker. He should be thoroughly indoctrinated and

Latterday Saint and indeed every American citizen appreciative as to the meaning of the Lord's comshould understand and appreciate its significance mandment—"In the sweat of thy face shalt thou eat

in meeting this challenge. It will require a radical bread"(Gen. 3:19.)—and the sweat will be most purchange of stance in some of our thinking and doing. poseful and productive if the "sweater"is adequately

Certainly it will require more intelligent and pureducated and trained to do the most useful job he poseful effort on the part of many of us. is capable of doing.

MARCH 1962 167 Establishing a helping rel r Joan Whitney and Alex Kramer caught the includes the desire of the helper to bring about in spirit of "being helpful"when they penned: the life of the other person more appreciation of,

"No man is an island, no man stands and more functional use of the latent inner resources alone. Each man's joy is joy to me, each of that individual toward acceptable behavior.

man's grief is my own. We need one To help bring about selfrealization in another, one

another, so I will defend each man as my should understand how he himself feels toward peobrother each man as my friend."1 ple, and particularly how he feels toward the person

Each of us has at some time reached out seeking help. Are his words and actions motivated

searchingly for someone or something. Our by his own unmet needs or by the needs of the one

searching for help may have resulted from being helped? Is he able to provide a climate in

feelings of loneliness or timidity, a need which real growth can take place? One would find

for understanding and forgiveness, or it profitable to answer these questions: What are

merely a desire to change. my true feelings toward him as he pours out his

To help those in need is both challenginnermost thoughts? Why do I respond as I do?

ing and provocative. To the How will he interpret what I am saying and

CONDUCTED many leaders in the Church doing? By understanding one's own feelings one can

BY THE who are meeting others in be more helpful to another.

UNIFIED a counseling relationship, this It is important to realize that not everyone who

CHURCH article will attempt to point up seeks aid really wants help. Often he wants only

SCHOOL problems and offer some sugsympathy, condolence, and approval for past behavior.

SYSTEM gestions for their consideration. Others sincerely want to change. But, because of the

It should be recognized at the traumatic challenge involved, they settle for someoutset that psychotherapists and counselors thing less, such as enduring judgment and reprimand have suggested varied procedures for estabfrom the counselor, supposing they have been helped.

lishing a helping relationship. Some of To change, one must draw upon something that does

the author's views are discussed in this not characterize him at the moment. He must find

article with no intent to eliminate other a way to bring into use his latent potentialities. For

tried and effective procedures. However, the helper then, the real challenge is to provide a conit is the belief of many that the principles dition for the one being helped where the present

here discussed are basic in all procedures. threats and fears are reduced. Unthreatened, he is

How does one help another and leave willing to drop his defenses and see himself as he him a stronger and more mature person, really is. For only as one is able to face the inconmore able to cope with life's problems? gruencies of the "self"can he begin to make adeHow does one help without accommodating quate change.

the continuance of undesirable behavior? Many people, finding themselves called upon to

Sometimes the "helping"backfires, and one help, use what may be called the "traditional method."

wonders why the friend, client, or student They suppose that through making judgment, adcontinues in his misbehavior. monishing, or giving advice they are providing the

By definition, a helping relationship means by which people make change. Most therapeutic orientations believe that the judgment of

1Whitney, This Week Magazine,Joan, AlexFeb. Kramer,1950. (Based"Wordson toJohnLiveDonne.)By,"another seldom if ever provides a condition for real

DR. THAD O. YOST

DIRECTOR, SEATTLE INSTFTUTE OF RELIGIONationship

growth or for permanent change, since a threatened a helping relationship, a condition needs to be created person responds automatically to selfjustification and in which the individual being helped can feel selfpreservation, thus placing himself on the defenrelatively free from threat, fear, and anxiety. He

sive, fearful of his helper. then no longer needs to defend his present selfAnother aspect of the "traditional approach"is, organization and is, therefore, able to look at himself

"Can behavioral change be taught?"Carl Rogers, 2 one with less anxiety and with increased clarity. Only

of America's foremost therapists, offers the following then can change take place.

idea for consideration. He states that when one is As a helping person, can one be, as Rogers suggests,

dealing with behavioral change those things which "... perceived by the other person as trustworthy, as

are intellectually taught to another are relatively dependable or consistent in some deep sense?"3

inconsequential in influencing behavior for good. When one is working with people in a helping

When one tries to teach behavior and the teaching relationship as a teacher, friend, parent, or counselor, appears to be successful, the results are sometimes he should remember that being trustworthy to that damaging. Such teaching may cause the individual person must be more than keeping appointments, or

to distrust his own experiences and rely too heavily respecting confidences. The relationship must be

upon the discussions of others, thus destroying selfone in which the feelings the counselor is experiencconfidence and the ability to successfully become an ing toward the person being helped are recognized integrated personality. To be helpful to another, and accepted by the counselor. When he is able

one needs to do more than give sympathy and conto deal with his feelings openly, he is then a "unified"dolence, provide intellectual discussions or give advice. person and thus better qualified to form a helping

What then are some of the qualifications one must relationship. Experience has shown that the person

have to establish a helping relationship? being helped is extremely sensitive to the feelings

experienced by the counselor. For the counselor to

One's attitude toward people try to hide or fake his feelings is unnecessary. Studies

It is a basic philosophy of the author that each have shown that when the counselor is acceptant of individual has within himself the ability to solve his his feelings, and able to express them, the person own problems, as well as a "growth impulse"which being helped feels less threatened, bewildered, or makes mature behavior more satisfying than immature misjudged. In such a relationship the person then

behavior. When the counselor or anyone called to looks upon the counselor as being fully dependable

help lacks confidence in the other person's ability and trustworthy. He is now able to trust his feelings

to solve his problems, he has to a great extent hinof being fully accepted.

dered that person's chance for real growth. Somehow, The condition of trustworthiness and dependability

this feeling is automatically conveyed to the other is more clearly brought into focus when Rogers asks person, and he feels threatened. In the process of the counselor another closely related question:

change one needs most of all to feel received and "Can I be expressive enough as a person that what 1 accepted as a person of worth and integrity. The am will be communicated unambiguously?"4

concept one may have of himself may not be to his When a helping person is experiencing an attitude liking—but have that concept challenged, and he'll toward the other person (Continued on page 186)

defend it to the utmost. Therefore, in providing

3Rogers, Carl R., "The Characteristics of a Helping Relationship."

Rogers, Carl R., "Personal Thoughts on Teaching and Learning."Unpublished Paper, University of Wisconsin, p. 6. 1959.

Unpublished Paper, University of Wisconsin. 1952. *Idem.

MARCH 1962 169 The membership of the Church has been pleased to note the accelerated growth of the Church as stakes have been organized in distant places.

What is a stake? Webster's New International Dictionary of the

English Language, second edition, carries fifteen definitions of the THE word. The fifteenth is "Mormon Ch. A major territorial unit of ecclesiastical jurisdiction, comprising an indefinite number of wards...."STAKES The word stakes became part of the vocabulary of the Church

in this dispensation through a revelation received in November 1831 at Hiram, Ohio: OF "And again, inasmuch as parents have children in Zion, or in

any of her stakes which are organized, that teach them not to understand the doctrine of repentance, faith in Christ the Son THE of the living God, and of baptism and the gift of the Holy Ghost by the laying on of the hands, when eight years old, the sin be upon the heads of the parents."(D&C 68:25.) CHURCH The following spring, in Jackson County, Missouri, on April

26, 1832, this was received:

"For Zion must increase in beauty, and in holiness; her

borders must be enlarged; her stakes must be strengthened;

yea, verily I say unto you, Zion must arise and put on her

BY ALBERT L. ZOBELL, JR. beautiful garments."(Ibid., 82:14.)

RESEARCH EDITOR Duvat.n Ftltrta J*. -nutate lYaru.

h..u IMorrisv. Wales - T *E*rtpor

<? J,lyRio"Moorpark I stown*Jenkifi*o*,5>*i Wi"S*O

"Set'TAG*V*M1 "ftJrtlvlSneip lAriingfcjn

Beactu'* Neptune tiouse Scwdert "f"as Angeles yukorfyQksonvi V,,I leA Long Beach Camden

Newport Xireeniar Beacrr* CoronaJ""C\Sr) -Mantua I

There are more than twenty other references to "stake"and "stakes"in the Doctrine and Covenants.

Students of the gospel have generally agreed that our "stakes"hark back to the poetic scriptural writings of millennial;('! Isaiah, Zion: of the wrote who 3i solemnities: thine Zion, the city of our upon "Look w 8M eyes shall see Jerusalem a quiet habitation, a tabernacle

///i that shall not be taken down; not one of the stakes thereof

ii shallof bebebroken."removed,(Isaiahneither33:20.)shall any of the cords thereIn another place, Isaiah writes ( and this is the way

Dr. Sidney B. Sperry of Brigham Young University

has placed the poetic lines of Isaiah 54:2):

'/>& V "Enlarge the place of thy tent, and a future period, when Israel and Judah shall be and let them stretch for the converted, and reinstated in their own land; seem

curtains of thine habitations, here principally intended: for Jerusalem was never,

spare not; after Isaiah's days, long together preserved from

Lengthen thy cords, and strengthen hostile invasions, and it has been repeated down as thy stakes [lit. 'tent pins']."a tent."—Bishop Hall. (Thomas Scott, A Commentary on the Holy Bible, 1861, 3:197.)

Interesting are the commentaries that learned men When the Resurrected Christ visited the Book of have made upon related subjects in writing of Mormon people, he found occasion to quote such the scriptures: from the writings of Isaiah. He said:

"The tent and its appurtenances play a considerable "Enlarge the place of thy tent, and let them stretch part in sacred imagery. Fleeting life is like the shepforth the curtains of thy habitations; spare not,

herd's tent, here today, and gone tomorrow."(Isa. lengthen thy cords and strengthen thy stakes;..."

38:12.) When the cord gives way the tent collapses; (3 Nephi22:2.)

hence the tentcord as a figure of the thread of The verse is almost an exact duplicate of Isaiah life. "The secure city is a tent whose pegs (stakes) 54:2. The Book of Mormon says, "thy habitations";

cannot be plucked up, nor its cords broken."(Ibid.,

Isaiah says, "thine habitations."

33:20.) "Prosperous growth is pictured as a lengthening of the cords and a strengthening of the stakes."In the final chapter of the Book of Mormon, Moroni

(Ibid., 54:2.) (Hastings, Dictionary of the Bible, writes a stirring farewell to the Lamanites and says:

1911, "Tent.") "And awake, and arise from the dust, O Jerusalem;

< Aurora &;> j oNottu.. osroclt tjAnokas AForest'L Lalst|A WHS*Si., Cm, A'p jStouHyiJl*'

: Hilt Marharti P lo<Coventry

.,,;-n NORTH JSL ibrirtjjeRichmond,\

laitori* \% v4?gf Mirnkd >ufhCro/dn

180 o..;nuxwiivuiHORft/|flH*i'JS 'le Assail G& '*PriEf.Ufce kviiie VA4 **%> flrgj'..'oFafrfti'

"God's church on earth is a tabernacle, which yea, and put on thy beautiful garments, O daughter though it may be shifted from one place to another, of Zion; and strengthen thy stakes and enlarge thy

shall not be taken down while the world stands; for in borders forever, that thou mayest no more be conevery age Christ will have a seed to serve him; the founded, that the covenants of the Eternal Father

promise of the covenant are its stakes, which shall which he hath made unto thee, O house of Israel, never be removed, and the ordinances and institutions may be fulfilled."(Moroni 10:31.)

of the gospel are its cords, which shall never be Crossreferences on this verse refer to Isaiah 52:1-2;

broken. They are things which cannot be shaken, Ether 13:8; and some references in Third Nephi;

though heaven and earth be, but shall remain."texts with which Moroni was certainly familiar.

(Isa. 33:20.) (Matthew Henry, An Exposition of the Dr. Sperry, whose poetic lining of Isaiah 54:2 we

Old and New Testaments, 1853; 4:155.) have already quoted, goes on:

"The security and privileges of the Christian "In this bit of poetry Isaiah refers to Zion under the church, especially in those glorious times predicted; figure of a tent with (Continued on page 199)

As I hurriedly hung up the receiver, I glanced at my... why, Paul is a good boy—ambitious and active.

secretary and wondered if she could hear the poundAnd he doesn't have to steal. He has a monthly

ing of my heart. It was beating so fast and loud I was allowance and everything he wants. Well, almost....

sure it could be heard all over the office. Many But Mel Peterson had said: "We have your son

thoughts rushed through my mind as I grabbed my down here at the juvenile hall. He was picked up

hat and walked to the car. taking a camera from one of the large department

"How have I failed my son? Where did I goof?"stores here in town. Would you please come down

No one likes to admit to a failure. Why, only less as soon as you can?"I shook my head trying to rid

than a month ago we reminisced over our past year my mind of the echo of that deep, firm voice.

together and felt that it had been a very happy one. And what must Paul be thinking of as he awaited

Each of the children seemed optimistic and acted my arrival? Was he torturing himself as he recalled

welladjusted. some of the teachings we knew he had been taught

I found it most difficult to keep my thoughts and in Primary, in Sunday School, and especially in attention directed on the homewardbound traffic seminary? Could it be that our monthly family hours

that was approaching the rush hour. held little meaning for him? What about those inCould something like this really be happening to teresting talks he heard given by the apostles at

me? A halo has to slip only a few inches to become conference time?

a noose, and I had to admit mine must have slipped. "On my honor... my best to do... to God..."

We prided ourselves on being cautious, loving parents, and he is working hard for his Eagle award. If he

trying to teach our children to discern right fulfils his assignments this year he will be eligible from wrong. for his Duty to God award. And he is also president

Diligently we attended to our church duties and of the teachers'quorum....

participated wholeheartedly in the activities. In fact, Paul often talks of going on a mission for the

it's been a little hard lately trying to keep up with Church and is taking a college prep course to better the social life. Either we are getting older and prepare himself for it and college—BYU.

slowing down, or kids nowadays have to be always As I entered the Civic Center I braced myself to on the go. I don't remember having as many funcmeet a defiant and hostile teen but uttered a silent

tions when I was a boy. But then, that was quite prayer upon finding a meek and humble, tearstained,

some time ago.... redeyed little boy sitting so forlorn in the corner.

Perhaps the juvenile officer had made a mistake My heart went out to him, for I knew that he would

MY SON, MY SON

BY MIMA WILLIAMS

have given anything within reason to have had this a CYA Encampment. I know you have learned your

episode never happen. I felt that this was truly his lesson, and I hope you will 'get smart'and 'wise up.'

baptism of fire and never again would he ever "I have signed you over to the custody of your be tempted. father. You now have one strike against you. Don't

I was glad to see Officer Mel Peterson again but try for two. All I can say is: Be careful.... I've

not under these circumstances. He had consulted known your father for many years. Listen to him....

with me on several occasions when I was bishop of He's a good man... obey him... obey the teachings

the ward, and I found him to be very understanding of your Church. Be humble, teachable; listen to that

and sympathetic to the many problems of youth. And still small voice within you that tells you right from

because he had boys of his own, I felt him to be keenly wrong. And above all, obey your Scout Law. If

aware of some of the entanglements that they can get you will remember everything that I have told you themselves into. today, I shall never have to worry about you again."

As I busied myself signing Paul's release, I listened As we closed the door and silently walked down the intently to the lesson my boy was getting. I was hall together, I put my arm around his shoulders,

sure he would remember this day as long as he lived. and suddenly remembered how many years it had

"Now, Paul, your name is on a card in this file. I been since I had held him close. I wanted to run

call it my personal file because it is only for first back to those lost years, gather him up as I had done offenders. It will be destroyed in about seven years. many times before, but knew that the chance was

It is confidential and will not count on your service gone forever; for here was a man in yet a boy's body

record. But you will have only this one chance. or better still a boy in a man's body, and fathers are

"If you are ever picked up again for any reason embarrassing when they get "mushy."

whatsoever, your card is then removed, a regular Hesitatingly Paul raised confused skyblue eyes that form made out, and put in file number two. You still showed traces of recent emotion until they met

will then be sent to juvenile hall in Ventura. You and locked with mine; words passed between us that

may have noticed as you waited for your father how would have sounded trivial and insignificant uttered.

many times I went to each of these three files. When I walked over to the car and said: "Come on, Son,

a boy's name comes in, each file is checked carefully. let's go home."

"File number three is the one 'that gets you the "Thanks, Dad, thanks for everything."As I calmly

works,'Paul, and I know you don't want that. You drove home in the poignant silence, I felt that I, too,

are fingerprinted, photographed, and then sent to had learned a lesson.

MARCH 1962 173

LANDBY EDWINOFO. HAROLDSENPAUL

In Asia Minor, inhabited today by the Turks, no office, or shop—he wants to serve us a dainty little

missionary boldly preaches the gospel of Jesus Christ glass of thick brown coffee or steaming tea. We

as in the days of the great Apostle Paul. respond as warmly and sincerely as we can that these

Turkey long has permitted minority groups (for things are yasaktir (forbidden). Our Turkish friend

instance, Greeks in the historic old city of Istanbul) is amazed. Perhaps he has heard of an American who

to hold their own Christian religious rites. But prosedoes not smoke or drink, but an American who does

lyting has been against Moslem and Turkish tradition. not drink tea or coffee? How very unusual.

As elsewhere in the world, Latterday Saint serviceGenerally we merely explain that we belong to men and civilians on overseas assignments in Turkey a Christian group known as Mormons. If our friend

are holding Sunday School, Sacrament meetings, and has a persistent curiosity we explain further that just other Church meetings in USmaintained buildings as Moslems have been told by their prophet, Mohamwith the cooperation of the chaplain's office. med, not to drink alcohol, so Mormons have been

These groups, supervised by the French Mission of admonished by our Church that it is not wisdom to the Church, have given us spiritual backstopping and use tea, coffee, tobacco, and other things harmful growth during our stay in this strange, faroff land to the body.

of Turkey. This explanation brings a smile and often the comIn conforming with Turkish traditions and the ment that Mormons are very much like Moslems. Incounsel of US officials, we have made no effort to deed, we have found that Turkish people have many

use our meetings and activities to proselyte the Turks. fine qualities.

However, events during the past two years have The Turks are descendants of people who were prompted us to hope and pray that Asia Minor might not even living in Asia Minor in Paul's day. 1 Their

again be open to missionary work as it was in the forefathers migrated to the Anatolian plateau (Asia days of Saul of Tarsus. Minor) from Central Asia centuries after the time of

We have dared to hope that officials might interpret Christ. Today, known as Turks, they worship not in

nominal guarantees of religious freedom under the the Christian chapels as inhabitants of Asia Minor did new constitution broadly enough to encourage free in New Testament times, but in domed mosques, the discussion and dissemination of nonsubversive respired minarets of which pierce the blue, Utahlike ligious ideas including the principles of the restored sky in forty thousand towns and villages of this Texasgospel of Christ, which could revitalize the Turksized country. Generally only Turkish men respond

ish nation. to the meyzin who mounts the minaret and calls the

Meanwhile, we individual LDS members have atModem faithful to prayer five times a day.

tracted considerable attention among our Turkish Christian chapels carved in huge cones of soft friends and have had opportunities to explain some volcanic tufa in the famous Goreme area of central of the principles and activities of the Church, for the Anatolia, some of them with beautifully preserved

Turks are extremely friendly and hospitable. Almost paintings of the Last Supper and other sacred scenes,

every time we meet one for the first time—in his home, serve today as tourist spots and sometimes ordinary

human dwellings. 2

Historians note that Jews began migrating into 1. Ruins of ancient Corinth, Greece. Asia Minor after the fall of Jerusalem in the sixth

2. Ruins of Perga where Paul and Barnabus preached. century B.C., with the major influx after the conquest

3. Iconium, Turkey, where Paul preached in the synagogue. of Alexander the Great. 3

(Modern Konya.)

4. Tarsus, Turkey, visible reminder of Roman times. It was to the Jewish congregations in Asia Minor

5. "St. Paul's Well"of Tarsus. that Paul went to teach the gospel of Jesus Christ.

6. Great theater at Ephesus. There are no records to indicate how long the pos-

7. Ruins of Laodicea, one of seven churches of Asia. (Rev. terity of his converts remained steadfast in the

1:11.) 8. Attalia (modern Antalya.) faith. But as prophesied by Paul, the descendants of

9. Entering Antioch from the North. (Modern Antakyo. ) the earlyday Saints certainly must have departed

MARCH 1962 175 from righteousness and, like the Nephites, reaped and the sea suggest that the city was right at the destruction. 4 Perhaps they fell into the same sins mouth of the river in Paul's day.

that caused the downfall of Imperial Rome, the great Today, as must have been true then, men often military and political power of that era. ride donkeys from place to place in Tarsus, their feet

At any rate, in ruins throughout Asia Minor today nearly touching the ground. However, they have to

lie great Roman cities where, as we learn from the share the cobblestone streets with vehicles—a rattleNew Testament, congregations of Saints worshiped trap taxi, a truck filled with cotton bales or men,

in former days. Uncounted millions of tons of a beatup old bus jammed with passengers and carrysculptured stone—Corinthian columns, statues, looking on top (tethered to the luggage rail) a goat, sheep,

out towers, arches, baths, aqueducts, stadia, and or flocks of chickens.

amphitheaters bear silent witness of the power and As elsewhere in the back country of Turkey, the glory of Rome in the time of Christ. mustached Turk men of Tarsus wear caps and drab

However, there are some thrilling reminders of the clothing—muchpatched pants, often with baggy seats

early Christian era; for instance, Tarsus, where Paul and tightfitting legs. Everywhere they stare at you

was born, today is spelled by the Turks exactly as as though you were a creature from outer space. But

it is in the King James version of the Bible. However, you stare, too—at such oriental sights as men indolently

modern Tarsus is a far cry from the Tarsus of sitting in front of tea houses, smoking water pipes,

Paul's day. and peasant women scurrying about with bodies

Paul was a "citizen of no mean city."Indeed, the covered with sweater, shawl, and baggy, anklelength

Silician capital had a university celebrated for its pants. Inevitably, too, you are followed by curious

school of philosophy and literature. The Emperor Turkish boys.

Augustus had been instructed by Athenodorus, the If you have an Englishspeaking guide at Tarsus

Stoic and teacher from Tarsus. As Fulton Oursler you may find "St. Paul's Well,"an old watering place

described ancient Tarsus, "the noisy mysticism and that might have been used in Paul's day. The well

rascality born of commerce in fareastern bylanes is located in a dusty, vacant lot behind some dingy and bazaars mingled with the selfconscious gallantry shops. The winch used to hoist water—a horizontal

of Greek settlers."5 wooden roller supported by two round, stone columns

Today Tarsus is a nondescript Turkish city of and turned by a big cast iron wheel—still is in place,

forty thousand which looks more like an overgrown but the well is not used today.

village than a city. The author noted a single masAbout 140 miles southeast of Tarsus and just inside

sive stone arch, spanning one of the two lanes of the TurkishSyrian border is another place which had traffic on the main street, as the only visible reminder special significance to the earlyday Saints—Antioch

of the Tarsus of Roman times. of Syria. Until recent years it was located in Syria

"The streets where Saul (Paul) played are now but today is known as Antakya, Turkey.

buried twenty feet deep under the shabby sidewalks The writer of Acts records that Barnabas journeyed of the modern town, but it is still an exciting experito Tarsus to meet Saul (Paul), and brought him to ence to visit Tarsus. Today the town is full of houses Antioch. (Acts 11:26.) Then he adds:

made of mud and stone in the very same fashion as "... And it came to pass, that a whole year they

those built in the time of Saul. The same kind of assembled themselves with the church, and taught

semitropical trees quiver in the wind. There are much people. And the disciples were called Chrisopulent shadewoods of myrtle and oleander, pometians first at Antioch."

granate, fig, orange, and citron. The farmers reap Today, like Tarsus, Antioch is a thoroughly Moslem,

good harvests still of grain and cotton, of valonia, of ordinary Turkish provincial city. It even has the

sesame seed, apples, apricots, and grapes which grow same population—forty thousand. Except for a muin the foothills that creep near to the town."6 seum maintained in an old stone structure on the

Even geography has changed at Tarsus since Cleooutskirts of the city, which is known as "St. Paul's

patra "came sailing up the river Cydnus in a barge Church,"there is nothing much at Antioch to remind with gilded stern and outspread sails of purple,"as one of its Christian past. Not even the word Antioch

Plutarch describes the event. Tarsus today is located appears in the city though one does see old stone

on a productive delta twelve miles north of the Medikilometer posts on the Syrian side of the border still terranean and entirely on the west bank of the river listing the distance to "Antioche."

the Turks call the Berdan. But US experts say below To a follower of Jesus Christ, perhaps the most

sea level swamps and other evidences between Tarsus stirring sight in Asia (Continued on page 193)

176 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA to be brave

or disaster or death.

BUT TO ENDURE IN THE FACE OF ADVERSITY... TO DISCIPLINE

RESOLUTELY THE DRIVES OF DESIRE AND APPETITE... TO

ESTABLISH WORTHY GOALS AND STRIVE FOR THEM. TO

CHOOSE NOBLE IDEALS AND LIVE BY THEM... TO SERVE

WORTHY CAUSES SELFLESSLY, SACRIFICIALLY... TO MEET

STALWARTLY THE RELENTLESS COMMONPLACE CHALLENGES

OF THE ETERNAL EVERYDAY,

this deman

9more than bravery v/ / / t\X/ iL\A/) lit (J I U responsi d and man.

Physical fearlessness may be forced and temporary. It may have an unworthy motivation

or expression. Thieves and bullies and cutthroats have a certain degree of bravery.

True moral courage expresses itself in character. and discipline, in moral living, in participating

citizenship, in an earnest search for truth, in preserving faith and convictions and honor, in avoiding dishonor and conduct that leads to selfcontempt.MORAL

COUROn several occasions J. Edgar Hoover has written on the subject of moral courage and moral

living, using as his model Sam Cowley, "the highest example of good it has been my pleasure to know."Samuel Parkinson Cowley was the son of an apostle and brother of another. He served as

a missionary in Hawaii and remained an active devoted member of the Church. Elder Cowley

joined the Federal Bureau of Investigation in its infancy, earned the high rank of inspector, and

e ana a

1/1/ tf

gained enduring glory for his heroism in endMoral courage is steady, being the foundation ing the careers of two depraved murderers, of devotion to duty, loyalty, and trust. It exJohn Dillinger and "Baby Face"Nelson. He presses itself through

died after a gun battle in which Nelson was killed. strong minds,

At his funeral a friend said of Brother Cowley great hearts, "I have thought that his name should have ready hands, been Peter. He was a veritable rock to those who true faith.

knew, who loved and trusted him. His was the

calm of a man who did his best and left the final Moral courage is SOMETHING MORE THAN decision to a Higher Power."BRAVERY.

Mr. Hoover has paid Sam Cowley his highest By Marion D. Hanks

tribute of respect for heroism, for bravery which included but transcended physical courage. He

said of Samuel Cowley's death: "This sacrifice

was not just a magnificent demonstration of "Be strong and of good courage;

momentary heroism. It was the culmination of be not afraid, neither be thou

that greatest of all adventures in moral courdismayed: for the Lord thy God

is with thee whithersoever thou age—a truly moral life."

goest."Bravery, with proper purpose and motivation, (Joshua 1:9.)

may lead to heroic action; without proper goals

and discipline it can be dangerous and destructive. - /'... S:"

THE ERA OF YOUTH MARCH 1962 MARION D. HANKS. EDITOR

ELAINE CANNON, ASSOCIATE EDITOR

Elaine Cannon bj i/ I \J I V \J X VJL V I VvX/O By

"Shall the youth of Zion falter in defending truth and right?"This oftsung,

oftrepeated quote takes on new significance in a world when the survival of the physically fittest is not so important as the survival of the morally fittest.

To be what we ought to be when we ought to be it—to stand up and be counted

on the side of right and truth takes real moral courage. That is what this issue

is all about.

To yearn after moral courage, to feel the need of it in one's life, to value the important part it plays in the eternal scheme of things is a common goal among spiritually educated Latterda Saint youth.

How does one get it? It's not a commodity to be purchased.

It's not a gift to be given.

It's a quality to be earned through prayer, preparation, and performance.

for guidance in your life.

for awareness of yourself—your strengths and your weaknesses.

for understanding of life itself and gospel principles governing it.

for remembrance, for will, for strength to do.

by studying gospel principles.

by learning proper social procedures, clever, conversational comebacks as effective defense measures.

by watching the company you keep, the experiences you enter into.

by taking a periodic check of choices made along the way.

having prepared yourself and prayed for guidance and strength, determine to DO.

Some simple practical "crutches"along the way can be useful until moral courage a habit.

ERFORM becomes read the scripture regularly, more eagerly and carefully in a period of temptation, tie a little string around your finger as a literal reminder.

carry a small notebook full of lofty, strengthening thoughts, jot down thoughts of your own.

memorize an effective verse, quote, or scripture to recite to yourself; make a collection of them!

don't trust yourself or anyone else as being perfect, above sin.

By Doyle L. Green

MANAGING EDITOR IMPROVEMENT ERA Great Hearts It was a cold, early winter night in Korea. A number of servicemen after having attended

a late movie were returning to their tents. A Greek boy, Arthur Arvanitas, from Pittsburgh,

Pennsylvania, saw walking in front of him a young Mormon from Delta, Utah. "Hey, Fullmer,

wait up,"he called out. But Collins Fullmer, upon recognizing the Greek boy, quickened his

pace. They lived in the same tent. Collins didn't appreciate the type of language and jokes that

Arvanitas and others in the tent constantly engaged in.

But Arthur knew something about the LDS Church and secretly had admired young Fullmer, so catching him he started asking about the Mormon religion. After they reached their tent

the discussion continued with young Fullmer explaining in some detail the principles of the restored gospel.

The conversation having come to an end, the two boys made ready for bed. It was to be

a cold night for Arthur, as he had not yet been issued his blankets and had nothing but a summer sleeping bag. He knew, however, that Collins had two blankets, and as he unrolled

his sleeping bag he thought to himself, "Well, now, here is the test. If Fullmer is really a Christian, he will let me use one of his blankets."

He really didn't expect it to happen, but in a moment came Collins'voice, "Hey, Arvanitas,

I have two blankets. I only need one. I want you to take the other."

"No, Fullmer,"he protested, "I don't really need one. You keep them both. They're yours,"

But Collins insisted, and after Arthur had placed the blanket as a liner in his sleeping bag, he crawled in saying to himself, "Well, Arvanitas, this guy practices what he preaches. He's

a much better man than you are, for you know darned well you wouldn't have offered him a blanket, if the situation had been reversed. You better listen to him."He did, and in a few

months'time he joined the Church. Today, he is superintendent of the Young Men's Mutual

Improvement Association in the new Cincinnati, Ohio, Stake.

.

READY

HANDS I

As the young missionary trudged along the dusty road, making his way alone to the Wolf Point Reservation, he had very serious thoughts.

He remembered his elation '-/..-'IIff f upon being called on a mission.

He looked back to his dream of t preaching in a great modern city

FA or even sailing to a Pacific Isle gp.ijpplg '5 where distance, native races, and mm tropical life held enchantment.

f>/', But here he was, trying to find k,\ an Indian Chief of Wolf Point, $ * *\ aV jC J the surroundings not unlike his W'MM'jv \3 3*r -r"*'father's ranch, and through his

T ''J/.'d'N KlsK eyes, about as exciting. For another thing, it was reported that

these Lamanites were not kindly toward the missionaries or toward any white men, for that matter. The chief gave all whites

to understand that he would stay on his side of the fence if they would stay on theirs.

That fence, that official boundary, was what the young man was following now, hoping soon to come to a gate where he could enter and approach the Indians with the gospel message. From that point on he poured down his face, and his hands became

scarcely dared plan. His prayers that morning blistered. In no time at all his best shoes were

had been only that "the way might be opened dusty and deeply marked with post scratches, for preaching the word of the Lord."His rehis pants'cuffs filled with soil and weeds. One

luctance to preach in this land, his fatigue would scarcely recognize the immaculate preacher following his long hike, and his homesickness, of an hour earlier. And from within, he scarcely

together with a general feeling of being on recognized himself, either. Lost in a needed task,

a useless journey, just about caused him to turn he no longer felt so sorry for himself.

back and give up. As he straightened his back and wiped his face

He glanced toward the fence, and over it to the with hands dirty and tender, he glanced along

Indian ponies and the cattle the mended section of fence with deep satisfaction.

munching their way toward Then he was startled to see an Indian quietly the outer boundary. Instantwatching him from the back of a pony.

ly he noticed a break in the How long the Indian had observed him, the fence. Part of the barbed boy could not guess. Perhaps he had suspected

wire, some of the cedar him of breaking the fence and trying to steal posts, and quite a section of the cattle and horses. Perhaps he had meant to

rails which reinforced the protect his property with his very life! But

fence bore evidence of breakthinking to make the best of the matter, the mising and trampling by anisionary put on his coat and walked toward mals in a frightened frenzy. the Indian.

This same situation at From the stolid look on the man's face, the home would have demanded missionary could not tell whether here was that he lay everything aside a friend or an enemy. But as he approached, the MORAL Indian got down from his horse and led it byand mend the fence beforeany animals wandered off COUR the bridle to meet the fence mender. As they

or more damage was done came together, the Indian halted and said, "You to the fence. But out here, mend my fence. You ride my horse."

dressed in his dark suit, set The prayer of the morning was ansiuered!

apart to preach, not to labor A friend was made. An opening for the word of

with his hands, how far the Lord had come!

should he go? Then, torn For the length of a successful mission, the

between ingrained duty to chief's horse was at the command of this formerly farm jobs, and perhaps unreluctant speaker of the Word. Always the Indian

consciously delaying the duty reminded his listening tribesmen, "He mend my to preach which lay ahead, he decided to repair fence. He ride my horse."

the fence.

He took off his coat and carefully hung it on President Oscar A. Kirkham loved to tell the

a post. Then rolling up his shirt sleeves and story of the fencemending missionary and the

loosening his tie, he went to work. Without Wolf Point IndiansIt can be read as he told it

a shovel or pliers the labor was slow. Sweat in his book SAY THE GOOD WORD, p. 19.

The Many Heroes of Faith

By faith Abel offered unto God a more excellent sacrifice than Cain,

Noah, being warned of God of things not seen as yet,.. prepared an ar)

out into a place which he should after receive for an inheritance, obeyed; c

he was tried, offered up Isaac; and he that had received the promises offer*

refused to be called the son of Pharaoh's daughter; Choosing rather to suj

a season; Esteeming the reproach of Christ greater riches than the treasur

tell of Gedeon, and of Barak, and of Samson, and of Jephthae; of David

wrought righteousness, obtained promises, stopped the mouths of lions, Qm

were made strong, waxed valiant in fight,... They were stoned, they wer

all, having obtained a good report through faith,... 1

V j

(\ Q ri

By faith Enoch was translated that he should not see death;... By faith

to the saving of his house;... By faith Abraham, when he was called to go

md he went out, not knowing whither he went.... By faith Abraham, when

ed up his only begotten son.... By faith Moses, when he was come to years,

fer affliction with the people of God, than to enjoy the pleasures of sin for

es in Egypt:... And what shall I more say? for the time would fail me to

also, and Samuel, and of the prophets: Who through faith subdued kingdoms,

enched the violence of fire, escaped the edge of the sword, out of weakness

'e sawn asunder, were tempted, were slain with the sword:... And these

See Hebrews Chapter 11.

CHECK UP ON YOUR OWN MORAL COURAGE How would you act under these circumstances? Some situations

for discussion in class, at flre- \side, at your next informal gettogether. J

You want a car of your ||L

own. You've saved enough to buy

one, but to keep it running requires

parttime work. The only job you

can get means working on Sundays.

The last time you ran for a school office you lost. Now

they want you to run again.i 2

Family finances are insufficient. If you dropped out of f

school activities, you could handle

a job after school to help out.

reu are late for an

important date, but you se someone with car trouble who needs a push. You are the

only one around to help. A crowd you know well,

who supposedly believes as

you do, decides to celebrate 13 graduation by spiking the

punch with alcoholic beverages.

A teacher at school whom

you respect very much scoffs Your army unit is at your views on evolution and bivouacing on a cold thrusts his own on you, demanding night, and you have two acceptance or a cut in your grade. 12

blankets. Next to you is a companion who has been mocking best friend loses inte

your religious beliefs. He;t;ws. est in church activities and starts

has no blanket. (See story:M'teasing you for your participation

"Great Hearts"in this

Era of Youth)

You go to a party in good faith,

and it turns out to be a wild one.

Your parents absolutely forbid 8 weeknight dates or too many

dates with the same person, but You find a wallet you want to go more than anything. You scrape fenders with a full of money but

parked car. No one saw it happen. with no identification.

w.

parents are not.

crowd coaxes you to take

them for a quick ride around

the block, even though you

haven't permission to use the c

Someone with whom

go around a lot starts shoplifting a little, just for "kicks.

Dear Elder Hanks:

Perhaps you will remember me from your missionary days in Green Bay, Wisconsin, where I j oined the Church as a teen. Our family is living now in Boulder,

Colorado.

For the past several years we have enjoyed the wonderful satisfaction of seeing our son Jim becoming an outstanding boy in school, Church, work, and scouting, and in living the gospel of Jesus Christ. As we watch our younger

son and daughter follow in his footsteps, we feel humble and grateful. I am

full of appreciation to the missionaries who brought me the gospel while I was yet in high school, and to the Sunday School and Primary teachers and the scoutmasters and priesthood advisers and other wonderful people who have helped us raise our children.

Jim will graduate in the upper two percent of his senior class this June and has been enjoying many honors for work well done this year. Besides the

"Science Talent Search"honors he recently won, he has been elected to the student council, chairman of the Explorer Council, Boy of the Month, and was chosen from the local group to "Report to the Governor"on scouting in

Colorado. Recently he had the opportunity to talk to a civic club about his

work with arctic and alpine research. We are proud that when he was asked to

write a theme in creative writing class about a few spoken words that he thought had the greatest impact on a person or a people, he wrote of Joseph Smith's first prayer.

My heart is full because I know and Jim knows that it worksit works to always live the gospel of Jesus Christ. You don't have to live in a Mormon

community to live the gospel. You don't have to compromise your values to

be popular. I wish that I could tell every teen and every parent that I have

a testimony that "it works."No one has to be ashamed or afraid to live according to the teachings of the Church.

I know because it has happened to our son. To Jim have come all the popularity, all the opportunities, and all the success that any teen could want,

in spite of the fact that he was one of only five Mormons in school; he never

went steady although that was the popular thing to do here; he rides a bike

when most of his friends drive cars; he has always respected his parents'

wishes as to late hours, dates, etc. He was the only one to raise his hand

when asked by the biology teacher how many in the class had never smoked a cigaret; he often has to tell his friends, "I can't go with you because I have

to clean the chapel, or go ward teaching, or work so I can afford a prom ticket. "

Long ago Jim learned what it means to be honest with yourself, and now, as he says, "It has paid off."

Sincerely, Gloria Palmer Armstrong

Editor's Note: Since this personal letter was written to Elder Hanks, young Jim has baptized

his father, won his Eagle award, and entered BYU on a scholarship. We print it not to glorify

Jim Armstrong—there are many outstanding young Latterday Saints making comparable contributions throughout the Church—but to (1) reemphasize the farreaching effects of sharing the

gospel, and (2) to reaffirm our certain conviction that all members of the Church who live the gospel will find that "it works"too.

Getting to

A Latterday Saint girl from Divide, Montana,

Lynda Maw, has been charming visitors and winning ribbons at county fairs in recent years with her oil paintings. As reported in The Montana Standard, "The story behind those paintings

-... is the story of a courageous, cheerful young

woman—a young woman who has overcome what to many would seem an insurmountable obstacle.

"For Lynda does all of her painting by holding her brushes in her teeth."

A patient in a Portland, Ore., hospital from the time she was three weeks old until

she was fifteen, Lynda, now twenty, began painting with oils when she was eleven.

She travels thirty miles to Butte for church services each Sunday where the family is active in the Butte Third Ward. Her paintings center on wildlife scenes, particularly

ones featuring birds and deer.

Helen Marie Thompson, daughter of

Brother and Sister William Thompson, was born December 24, 1938 at Tremonton, Utah. She and her

family now live at 460 Custer Ave.,

Ogden, Utah. They are active

members of the Ogden 40th Ward in the Ben Lomond Stake.

Helen's life and activities are unusual, due to the fact that she has never been able to use either her arms or her legs, and has been confined to a wheelchair for her entire life. This, however, has not kept her from activity. She is MIA speech director,

Sunday School teacher, Gleaner representative, and a former Junior Gleaner representative in the 40th ward.

Helen has received special individual awards for five consecutive years. She has earned

her Worker Bee, Honor Bee, Mia Joy, and Silver Gleaner awards and is now working to become a Golden Gleaner.

She graduated from Ben Lomond High School at the age of 19 (in cap and gown), yet she has never been able to attend public school.

Her hobbies are numerous. She does intricate beadwork on earrings and necklaces; she

paints, sews, knits, crochets—all done lying on her stomach, working with her teeth.

She loves to read church books, and then she discusses the material with her mother.

You...Know

One of her greatest hobbies is in loving her neighbor as herself.

Her mother has never coddled, pitied, or babied Helen, but has always helped her to live each day to its fullest and to make her own place in the world. Sister Thompson

was chosen the outstanding mother of a shutin in 1958.

She has had training in photograph tinting and has some of her work on display. She

hopes to go into this line of work.

She is a member of the Disabled Citizens of America, acting unofficially as assistant secretary, and is card chairman for the National Shutins Association. She spends

hours each week calling other shutins to talk to them in order to cheer and buoy them up.

It is inspiring to attend meetings where Helen is taking part. Without any ado, one

girl or another gives her the help that she needs, always with a feeling of love, and as if it were a privilege, which it really is.

Her word of advice to all other young people is, "Live for today. If each day is lived

to the very best of our ability, we will never need to fear for the future."

Ruth Ellen Banks graduated from the

Utah School for the Blind in Ogden, showing a remarkable aptitude for music. Since that time she has served

her community and her Church in a very admirable way. Ruth Ellen's

advice to others who are handicapped in some way or other is to avail themselves of every opportunity for education and church participation. "It's no fun to just sit and

let life pass you by,"says Ruth Ellen. "There is too much to learn, to be done in this

world. And though it may take a handicapped person more time to do something,

there will be more satisfaction in doing it."

And Ruth Ellen has been doing things. She's sung in choruses at Church and at school.

She's been Primary organist and pianist for the orchestra for the Utah Chapter for the Blind. She can play any selection on the piano upon hearing it. She spends one

morning each week reading and playing her accordion (which she learned to play without lessons!) to neighborhood children. She's learned to be creative with her hands

and can knit, crochet, weave, do leather work, and wood finishing very professionally, and has even won blue ribbons for woodwork and knitting.

She has graduated from seminary and also taken extension classes from BYU.

Ruth Ellen lives in Lehi, Utah.

The Challenge of LDS Servicemen by John T. Evans

A YOUNG LDS SERVICEMAN

Latterday Saint servicemen can learn much from the men of the Mormon Battalion. It would be

difficult to envision all the hardships that were endured by these men. They were men with

a specific purpose who volunteered one year of their lives to fight in a war of which they never became a part. They marched over 2,000 miles

in extreme weather and were improperly provided with food and clothing, and yet these men were admired for their cheerfulness, frugality, and industry.

Their experiences must have required great physical courage, but this was not their greatest challenge. Brigham Young knew that the real

challenge that faced these men was that of moral courage, and before they departed he promised them that if they lived the teachings of the Church "they would not be called upon to shed the blood of their fellow men."1 This prophecy was

fulfilled.

Today the challenge of an LDS serviceman is not one primarily of physical courage. This is

important, but physical courage is a quality which even the animals in the forests possess. Our real

challenge is one of moral courage.

The desire and determination to live as we know we should has always been our greatest challenge. We must want to enjoy the fruits of

righteousness—to take pride in doing what's

right, to read good books, to take advantage of opportunities. We must pray specifically for

the strength we need so that our "minds are firm,"and we do put our "trust in God continually."2

Essentials in Church History, p. 410.

2Alma 57:27.

a MissionaryThe Growth of

With the upsurging of missionary work throughout you had decided that was the thing you wanted most, the Church and the sending of hundreds of new too. Truly you have given to your parents the

missionaries into the field, a larger number of LDS greatest gift possible, the proof that their teachings young people are reaping the great benefits of the have really carried over into your life.

missionary system. These benefits cannot be measYou've always said that the money you've been

ured, and the families and friends of the missionaries saving since you first started work as a newsboy ten never cease to marvel at the unprecedented growth years ago was to buy a new car. Now it will go for

which takes place in their sons and daughters. a mission! What a wonderful thing to spend it on.

The life of each missionary is a story of sacrifice Why am I writing such an epistle when you are and blessing, of trials, discouragements, and thrilling still home? First, to get into practice for all the

spiritual experiences. Each missionary could probletters I'll write while you're gone, and second, I find

ably write a book of his experiences. Each family it is so much easier to put my real thoughts and

thrills with his letters. They vividly depict a changing reactions down on paper. You are always so busy

attitude, a concern for others, and a wonderful growand in such a hurry that I follow you through the ing knowledge, proving that the things of the Spirit house while I try to tell you something, and then find are the most important. after you've gone I haven't said the important things

Here are excerpts from some letters from a young at all. I have a feeling you will be even busier while

missionary. Simple but revealing, they are anonyyou prepare for a mission. That's why the letter.

mous for obvious reasons. It is hoped that they will You can save it and read it any time, but I do want

help young people realize the many blessings that to tell you again how much I love you and how are obtained by accepting a missionary call. proud I am of you—how proud we all are! I'm sure

Our first letter was written by the missionary's you have a faint idea that we approve of you and mother, the remainder by the missionary. Each your plans. We dot I!

paragraph is part of a different letter.

Dear Family, Dear Son, Here we are safe and sound. The trip was wonderBless you! What wonderful news you gave me last ful and out of seventytwo passengers, sixtyeight

night. I'm still pinching myself (figuratively of course) were missionaries, so you can imagine the amount of

to make sure it's true, because I've wanted it for so milk we drank. Bet the airlines have to prepare

long. Last night when you asked me to guess what specially when the missionaries take off. The food

you had decided to do next year, I was really serious over here isn't bad at all, and my stomach is behaving when I went into the list according to our last disnicely except that it is having a hard time getting cussion. My first guess was that you were going used to two meals a day. For dinner we go down to

away to college. I knew that you had felt left out a cafeteria which is selfservice. You push a button

when most of your friends went there, and you had for what you want. It is good food, but you'd be

of lack get universityto in the stay can't read the menu! because of surprised what you you when home

# * # '* I supposed that youfunds. not the answer, was When

were going to accept the teaching fellowship at our We have a new place—out in the country. We fix

university as you worked for your doctor's degree. our own meals night and morning, and since there is

I just couldn't believe it when you said, "I've deonly one little wood stove for which we have to chop cided to go on a mission."The thing I had wanted the wood, we often have a cold meal. When you

and prayed for had finally come! What joy welled tract so many hours, there just isn't time to cook a

in my heart as I realized that of your own free will meal. There is no hot (Continued on page 182)

MARCH 1962 177 Leaders and Communication 1. The channels of communication of communication. Many times it

should definitely be known. An effiis assumed that "everyone knows"

(Continued from page 157) cient organization demands that what the channels are, and nothing each member know who is in his is ever said, and many things are necessary before the leader of any "chain of command,"that is, to never done. In reality, however,

organization can expect to have an whom messages should be directed newly appointed ward, branch, efficient system of communication. and from whom messages should be stake, and district officers and teachconfu- Nothing breeds characteristics ers sometimes toFive deserve our expected. do not know whom

1attention: the channels sion like not they knowing are responsible; for example,

if not explicitly informed, teachers in the MIA organizations often don't know to whom they should go for help. It always pays to take a little

extra time to review the structural relationships of your organization

.. be great in efficient operation, newOur sincere resolves for new people. The rewards will

found confidence, and lack of conRICHARD L. EVANS fusion.channels Makeof communicationcertain that theare

known. 2. A formal channel of communication should reach every member to It to well consider happens what would seem the organization. Since organan of resolves. are times sincere There our when "We ization consists of relationships

less feeling of turning conscious or a have more THE between communication units (a... SPOKEN start, leaf, of getting fresh a a over and new in it is a person position), essential WORD

is this usually a consciousness accompanied by more that every posihave member some... better, better]. to to definite [do determination be or less in tion the organization. The of repentrepent our time be] a there [may Later, when we priesthood are continually quorums

. so or ago, half suggest century a written words, ance. These

it to to see admonished that every is failures contracts carry of to out the season that... "This many

it has "job."This, a seems, member

... is of the themselves. This time with that people have made

is a bold to get attempt every memis test. If to the resolution of strength put our the danger, when into ber a formal of channel

... in other lose confidence lose... ground; give To way we we all to communication, give members

is is lose to other people confidence disheartening, the people of concrete connection some the with 1."

.. is fatal. self one's lose in This to painful, confidence but organization.

often comes from attempting too much, from resolving too rashly.

Sudden declarations, extreme statements, impetuous proposals, the As the head of an organization, sudden solemn swearing that we will assuredly do this or that, is one of your major responsibilities is often but the prelude to departure from avowed practice or imto see that everyone has a position.

provement. And often it is better calmly, quietly, to do what we You can draw a chart of all the

can than to vow that we will do more than we reasonably can. positions in your organization (put

("It is [as] important to keep the promises you make to yourself them down on paper, in black and [as] those you make publicly."1 ) But even when resolves are white), then match the positions

unwisely made, without preparedness or without full knowledge with individuals. If you have more

of facts, they should not be suddenly annulled simply on impulse positions than people in the organbut "abrogated [if at all] only after serious deliberation of our ization, you're safe; if you have

higher selves."1 They should not be "cast aside in a moment under more people than positions, somestress of the very temptation against which they were intended to one is being left out, and that's bad.

guard."1 It is well to resolve well, but it is not well to resolve Moreover, if you are organizing an

rashly and then rashly retreat from resolve. Consistency, conactivity, utilize this same principle:

tinuity are the real shapers of character, the real producers of see that every individual involved improvement. And quiet, prayerful determination to do better, is tied to it by a formal channel

to be better, is better than a boastful declaration of what we are of communication, then make those about to be. Better is it daily to go about being better than channels known—announce who the

suddenly avow the sudden changing of ourselves, and then too chairman is, who his assistants are, soon find ourselves short of the substance to do what we have said. and to whom each person is reGod grant us the quiet, consistent constancy of character required sponsible. You'll have a much more

to resolve what we should, and then to see things through. efficient and smoothworking organization, as well as one with high

xThe Independent, Editorial, January 9, 1908. morale.

3. The lines of communication

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the ExecutiveaSee: C.(Cambridge:I. Barnard,HarvardThe FunctionsUniversity ofPress,the

Columbia Broadcasting System, January 7, 1962. Copyright 1962. 1947), p. 73 ff.

178 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA should be as direct or short as posMessages should proceed from the Gleaner leader became apprised of sible. The basic premise here is top to the bottom and back in that the plans. She immediately objected

that the shortest line is probably the order. In one stake it was decided to the idea and called the party

most efficient one, that less distorthat the Gleaners wanted a social off. A serious conflict arose out of

tion and misunderstanding occur in activity. Without consulting the the matter, all unnecessarily. The

a message when the fewest number stake Gleaner leader, the stake complete channel of communication of people send and receive it. Many YWMIA activity counselor promptly from the stake YWMIA president

times in priesthood work, for examproceeded to organize a campout to the ward Gleaners should have ple, a quorum will sponsor an event, for the girls. Arrangements were been used.

and the president will assign special nearly completed before the stake 5. The persons sewing in key comtask committees to do the work.

Unfortunately, the progress reports go first to a work chairman, then to a general chairman, then to a subchairman of one of the standing committees, then to the chair-... and menman of the standing committee, Manna

before the president or the quorum as a whole has access to the information. Each of the "communiRICHARD L. EVANS

cation units"through which a message must go, filter, sift, and change the message according to his point On a subject always seasonable, we would speak of gifts, gratitude giving the getting of and andof personality. naview and The

first citing thoughts thoughtful from a source someture of constitute the THE those who SPOKEN "If, of half a or century ago: of so the society endunits, their for capacity understandWORD

is to largest of free the produce number humaning, interests, their personal and hearts, of strong or hands, of generous pure human humantheir desire to interpret, disspirits, often lives;... the setting free of of noble homes, those human humantort the message. The one who

for the are in care reverence bondage, and as a man, the manreceives the thinks message about who

... girl feet are to climb, eager door to the boy and the open whose tingles to express tongueit, and his

his opinion, his personal interprethen let us reverently thank God that we were born in an age it fortune to is our in which not and [time] good supreme betation of the message, in turn which Ml minister'get only, unto give. but to but to As—not to into it, integrated thus 'ministered becomemay

contributing to its distortion. In we think of all the needs of all people, of all who have been denied

addition, unnecessary communicathe great gift of freedom, or even food enough, or even the priviliteracy, socalled—tion units slow down the flow of lege of learning—denied even the simplest

messages from the organization head when we think of the problems, the sorrows, the needs, we may to members and back again. Try know that it is blessed to have been blessed with the opportunity

to keep the communication chanfor the giving of service, of substance, and of ourselves. And when

nels as short as possible. we pray for others, may God help us in part to answer our own

4. The complete line of commuprayers through our own earnest efforts; for he works many miracles

nication should usually be used. and many services through the means of men. Manna from heaven

"Shortcircuiting"the channels of may come under some circumstances, but help from the hands of blesses giver receiver necessarily other is not both and and men is a devious practice.communication

costly; for it as simple, so so great a gift, yet counsel or may be exasperating thanNothing is more

having a superior skip your position companionship, or comfort, or the giving of talent or a little time, in order to tell those responsible to or simply showing an honest interest in others that gives them life. that are in not alone they are a sense sometimes Such among they doing.you should what be

gifts. shall of the greatest say the unto King them "Then Come, destroys confiNothing respect and

.. Father, of blessed hungred, an gave and.. ye. ye For I was my fasterdence than being "jumped"

... I thirsty, drink: meat: and ye. Naked, gave ye was and me me ofin the channel communication.

The policy should always be to clothed me: I was sick, and ve visited me: I was in prison, and ye came unto me. Then shall the righteous answer him, saying,disseminate information very rigidly

through the entire line of comLord, when saw we thee an hungred, and fed thee? or thirsty, and

drink? clothed thee?... or naked, gave thee Or and saw when wemunication, even if it may seem to

sick, shall or in prison, the thee? thee unto King and came Andmove slowly.

I say Inasmuch them, unto Verilv you, unto and sav answer as ye involved have been You may it it of least these of the one unto in have... done ye have donethe violation of illustrated type by 2 unto me."

this story: acstake The YWMIA

tivity channel of communication is iEditorial, The Outlook, November 26, 1904.

something like this—stake YWMIA 2Matthew 25:3440.

president, age group counselor, stake Gleaner leader, ward Gleaner "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the class leader, and ward Gleaners. Columbia Broadcasting System, December 17, 1961. Copyright 1961.

MARCH 1962 179 munication positions should be communication throughout the enthe advice of the Apostle Paul when competent. This suggests that leaders tire organization is affected by the he says, "Let no corrupt communiand officials have the responsibility communication example set by the cation proceed out of your mouth,

of becoming more effective comleaders. Violations of communibut that which is good to the use

municators. It practically goes cation principles may give birth to of edifying, that it may minister

2 It is thewithout saying that the quality of misunderstandings. We should take grace unto the hearers."

responsibility of leaders to preserve the truth and to communicate the truth competently. Brethren and

sisters interested in exemplifying their callings will seek to improve their ability and skill in communication at every opportunity.

... specific attitudes and practices that The Words of Christmas Let us now consider some of the

contribute to maintaining an effecRICHARD L. EVANS tivescientiouscommunicationleaders should:system. Con-

1. Be communicationminded. EvWe have heard the sounds of Christmas, and have ery decision has a communications

seen the sights of Christmas, and have felt the angle. Be concerned with estabTHE feelings of Christmas, and now for a moment may lishing the.proper climate for effecSPOKEN we mention the words of Christmas—words with tive communication and seek to WORD which it is inseparably associated—such as family, insure an adequate communication

friends; fellowship and feasting; trees and trimmings; secrets and program in your organization. Consurprises; gifts and giving; warmer feelings from stranger to stantly look for ways of improving

stranger, from friend to friend, with a mellowing influence always; the communication procedures and

and with the curt comment less likely to occur at Christmas. As techniques employed by you and

the poet has put it: "Oh, somehow it seems to me that at Christmas, the members of your organization.

man is almost what God sent him here to be."1 There are other 2. Emphasize faceto-face contacts

words that come to mind at Christmas: music and memories; beand oral communication as much as

loved faces; vacant chairs; loved ones with us, loved ones away; you can. Members of an organhome and love and peace, which are surely among the world's ization generally prefer the personal

most wonderful words. Scripture counsels us to "love one anatmosphere that emanates from

other,"2 to "love our neighbour,"3 to "love... the stranger,"4 even faceto-face meetings much more

to "love our enemies,"5 to "love the Lord with all our hearts"6—and than they do impersonal letters or

even to love ourselves, by living so as to have happiness. And as notes. One reason for this is the

to peace—peace within as well as outward—the peace of which the opportunity faceto-face communicaangels sang as they heralded the birth of the Prince of Peace—in tion presents for seeing, hearing,

such a time as ours, we may well search ourselves to see what words and feeling the emotional content are associated with peace. Peace is not passive but positive. It is of messages as well as the surface

service; it is sharing; it is fairness; it is honesty; it is cleanliness of meanings—that is, you can usually

thinking; it is cleanliness of conduct; it is a clear and quiet conunderstand better what another

science; it is freedom from quarreling and conflict; it is living within person means if you can see his

law, and it comes with loving men and proving it, and loving God bodily actions and hear the tone of and keeping his commandments. And now the final word concernhis voice. In other words, noning Christmas—and that is Christ—without whom there would verbal messages have an important

be no Christmas. And earnestly we would here and now acknowlinfluence on verbal messages. By

edge a conviction from the certainty of our souls, that Jesus is the meeting members of your organizaChrist, the divine Son of God, the Only Begotten of the Father in tion faceto-face, they are given the the flesh, our Lord, our Savior, and Redeemer, who lived and died opportunity of checking the conand came forth from death to life in a literal reality of resurrection. sistency of your words and your

actions, and you have the opporwith witness And would these words: Job we that "I know my

7 tunity of receiving messages liveth."from Redeemer us everyone, God bless us all and help to keep

within our hearts and homes the words and spirit of Christmas, them. This should tell you, of

and to receive, this day—and always, the great gift of percourse, that by improving your lissonal peace. tening and observing habits you

xEdgar A. Guest. become a better communicator and

n Peter 1:22. leader.

3See Matt. 19:19.

*Deut. 10:19. 3. Get into the habit of seeing the

cSee Luke 6:27. other persons point of view. Too Matt. 22:37.

7Job 19:25. many leaders fail to recognize, or

ignore the fact, that a person's un- "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the

Columbia Broadcasting System, December 24, 1961. Copyright 1961. 2Ephesians 4:29.

180 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA derstanding and acceptance of ideas compelling reasons why an indito and accept his reasons, then try and suggestions often depend on vidual disobeys an order or fails to correct the situation with him.

his own personal position in the to complete an assignment. When 8. Utilize a wide variety of comorganization. Who is he? What is something goes wrong, the good munication media, forms, and techhis perspective according to his posileader will take aside the person niques. Some of us may think that

tion in this organization? Answers to who is apparently responsible and an announcement in a gathering is

these questions will help you see the instead of bawling him out, ask him the only form of communication we other person's point of view and to explain how the mistake was need to use in order to keep memmake you better able to communimade and how it can be avoided bers of our organization informed, cate with him. another time. Allow him to make cooperating, and working efficient-

4. Give reasons for plans, instruc- a complete explanation and to dely. This is not the case; every

tions, and policies that are issued. fend his position. Above all, listen available means should be emEvery leader desires willing and

cooperative followers. However,

nothing discourages and alienates intelligent members of an organization more than having the leader assume that they should accept instructions and assignments withnr> out reason. to encourage One way

... iscooperation to let.. to perfect ourselves members know \

in advance, then to give plenty of reasons for assignments and changes. RICHARD L. EVANS

aDevelop spirit of "powerwith"rather than "powerover"people by seeking their support. Any passing of a season is somewhat sobering,

5. Encourage as much particibecause time is the measurement of life, and in

particuourselves. any time At spend spending we THEpation possible. discussion as and SPOKEN it lar direction. difficult of to see point time may be to certain thatCheck the make WORD

is in fear of the there uncertainty often And ofchannels are communication really open. This means that you future. But "There must be drift,"said Oliver Wendell Holmes,

"if drift] [there will patience, a one and have must go prepared be consciouslymust seek and want the

. will safe in trusting daylight. to bring out one which.. Oneideas of assistance and members—

..."* it; time. time: to to to courage save As and we We iscan'tthat are they able to send messages

it, ever. It is preciousto you. Make it easy for members can't call it back; we can't reuse any of

letter in friend, years to important. Tolstoi ago, a a and Many to organizationof your ideas, bring

... felt "I useless, I of senseless wrote: sorry learned very your whensuggestions, questions to you. and

... it. life, it life of as that leads with put he which you mode A yourself accessible—arrangeMake

.. all. is is life satisfied, of not not worst our must waste. Weto see people be where can and

meet with you. Then, listen to at random, and wherever we are, under all circumstances, we can

them. Be willing to answer quesdo that for which life was given unto us,—that is, to perfect ourtions and admit errors. selves, draw nearer to God.... It is not only possible to perfect

all at ourselves to nearer times and and everywhere, to draw God subordinates 6. Let know where

. If difficult to will do... it is not abstain but but from doing you stand.they Don't be "closemouth"

will then wrong, which you consider you good, surely do either praise or correction. In thatabout

. idle. a healthy yourself,.. Restrain because remain man cannotgeneral, neither though, blame nor

praise a member of your organization do not quarrel, do not try to make a display of yourself.... If man

will refuse to himself to give to but deceits temptations and whichin public. blame you a man When

life his for force to will will love nothing, waste him appear and hisin public, prestige you lower..."2 in this of All the perform simply suggests God. him work selfrespect reas well as theand

at this season: past, appraisal honest of an the without undue for others the ofspect you. On

or dramatics feeling discouragement; for oursorry without and praiseother frequent hand, may

selves, better, resolve to live better, with a quiet but with to beembarrass because he and a man repenting, forforgiving, improving, understanding; feel that thoughtfulness,those around him may not

others, remembering getting some things, drawing nearer to each is warranted. Approprithe praise

ate recognition for work well done other, nearer to truth, nearer to our Father in heaven, nearer to the is, naturally, thoughtful leadership. quietness of conscience that comes with keeping his commandPraise and correct, but do it in ments, trusting to patience and understanding, "to courage and to

private. time,"with a quiet consistency of purpose, as we repent and

7. Preserve the ego of the comimprove. God be thanked for the principle of repentance, and

municatee. Make it easy for the for faith in the future.

cited Oliver Holmes, Wendell in Yankee from Olympus.other person to "save face."This Justice

Life. on Thoughts 2Leo Tolstoi, More

principle applies most often in the process of maintaining discipline in "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the an organization. Usually there are Columbia Broadcasting System, December 31, 1961. Copyright 1962.

march 1962 181.

ployed. Special mimeographed bulmany leaders that even the slightest scientiously applied, can decidedly

letins, newsletters, ward newspapers, amount of preplanning is hailed as improve the quality of communipersonal interviews, daily contacts, an adventure into unchartered areas. cation in our organizations. We

meetings, telephone calls, are only The seemingly simple faceto-face cannot turn our backs on the fact some of the ways in which the head oral communications as well as that better communication is a chalof an organization may communihighly complex written communilenge that leaders everywhere must cate with members. As an alert cation should be carefully planned meet. Those who are not aware

leader you will think of many more in advance; for example, care should of their communication responsibilitechniques for communicating with be exercised in phrasing announceties cannot hope to promote the

members of your organization. ments concisely and clearly. Many work to which they have been

9. Prepare and plan communitimes misunderstandings are encalled. In other words, we cannot

cations in advance. This applies to couraged by hastily offered anfully magnify our leadership callevery technique of communication nouncements in meetings. Don't be ing if we fail to'establish a climate

you employ. How often we hear careless with the time and efforts for effective communication in our

the criticism that speakers, commitof your listeners. Avoid impulsive organizations by setting a proper

tee chairmen, and other responsible communications example or if we fail to acquire the leaders are endlessly unprepared. Although this list could be exnecessary skills and abilities to

Lack of preparation characterizes so panded, these suggestions, if concommunicate effectively ourselves.

The Growth of a Missionary right now I feel as if I'll always Moved again! Imagine, the first

love her, and yet it is probably for missionaries in this city—isn't that

(Continued from page 177) the best, because now I can put my exciting? The first night we stayed

water, and is the bathroom cold! whole thought and energy into my at the hotel, and it was very expenThe living is rather oldfashioned, work, and I do want to help these sive ($2.75). It was so good to see

but it will do me good, and already people so much. They are wonderthe American flag flying with thenit has made me appreciate home and ful! Sometimes it is hard to see flag because we were staying there.

my family so much more. that you are helping them in anyWe are going to work so hard here.

way because most of the time they I am fine and enjoying the work just don't want to listen. Once in more every day.

There are surely some wonderful a while you meet a fine family who people here, and I feel SO'sorry for are really interested in the gospel, them. There are so many who would and it is a real thrill to see them

love to join the Church, but if they accept the gospel as the truth. We We really are getting into the

do, they lose their friends, their job, have one family like that now. They swing of things. We held eightyeverything! Girls who belong to the know the gospel is true, and they nine cottage meetings this week, met

Church never go out because there want to join the Church, but there seventyeight new families, and got just aren't any boys who belong, and are a few things stopping them into seventyone percent of the other boys won't go with "Morsuch as pressure from friends and homes where there was anyone mons."I have seen four families working associates. Will you write home. Isn't that wonderful? Yes,

accept the gospel and its teachings them a letter telling them how much I'm a little thinner, but I'd rather as the word of God, but because of the gospel means to you and our be underweight than overweight, various pressures they told us they family? We visit them at least once and I have never been as healthy

just couldn't join the Church right a week, and they are so kind to us. or as happy as I am now!

now. It is discouraging to see this Last Sunday they came to Church

happen. When people know the for the first time, and it was a spetruthfulness of the gospel, you want cial meeting for investigators and

really fabulous. was were They I to in see the Church. them know is the for love gospel growing My very impressed have it and promby will the time opensome up Lord I I could to that wish such an extent

It is ised regularly. really to come is it difficult. rightways, but now life in for spend working and my to see wonderful people progressing I enjoygetDon't wrong. me am grateful that so the I'm Church. in the gospel! Spirit feel theing the can work and

I feel for mission, a I decided on is the of This a wonderful Lord.

land, and I wouldn't want to be in that my eyes have been opened to any other mission in the Church. the true importance of the gospel-

I really am happy and am just The devil surely has a strong hold something I am afraid would never yearning for the day when I can on the hearts of men, and the only have happened to me by any other really teach these people the truth. thing that can break that hold is the means. This is the kind of happiSpirit of the Lord. So if a missionness I am striving for and always

ary can be humble and worthy of shall, now that my eyes have been

Well, I got my "Dear John"letthis Spirit, he has in his power the opened through this wonderful ter! I'm sad, of course, because only tool that can do the job. mission.

182 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA During 1962 Kennecott will spend about 13 2. The amount of overburden that must be

million dollars on a wide range of projects removed to mine ore has been increasing to improve its Utah operations. steadily; since 1950 it has gone up 107%.

By this means, Kennecott is insuring the life of Kennecott's 1 3-million dollar investment in 1962 includes the construction of warehouses copper production in Utah. It is investing money

for efficient control of supplies, the continuato increase efficiency and keep costs down.

tion of the smelter modernization, and a host

This is essential if Kennecott is to meet two of other vital projects. All are part of a nevermajor, constantly growing problems: ending program to keep copper production a

healthy business as long as possible.

1. The copper content of the ore is decreasing steadily; since 1950 alone it has The program insures copper's life in Utah. By

dropped 18%, and it will continue to drop so doing, it also insures the life of copper's in the future. tremendous contribution to the economy of Utah.

Utah CopperDivision Kennecott Clapper Corporation

PROUDTO BE PART OF A GROWING UTAH

A Cup of Tea a token of hospitality the master of reread, studied, and prayed. Other

the house presented each visitor Mormon soldiers came to their small (Continued from page 161) with a hot boiled chicken egg to home now, and Sato San and his wife warm the hands and stomach. When started a small Sunday School for

a woman brought steaming cups of neighborhood children. Later they

winding Tokaido Road between the best Shizuoka green tea, howwere inviting Japanese friends to first Tokyo. andKyoto Now for the villagers classes. ever, astonished the study the the weekly were On

all a conthose centuriestime in see foreigners to decline the to night 27, 1946 a of January young foreignquering chaplain, enemy appeared on drink Nelson, you, it. "Thank Norton do Mormon but we

road.this dusty

to stimuother their gospel not drink study tea or use came

With mixed feelings of awe and lants,"the one called Hanks said. during a blinding snowstorm. Afterclassfear the villagers wondered what "Our Church teaches us that our the closing prayer that night, a full

thingsunspeakable would now are bebodies sacred gift the to through a broke very clouds from moon fall It the children, them. was that reveal a glittering take speshould landscape God, and of deep we

first the true learnedhowever, who cial of health."care storm our The new snow. comhad

nature of the blond invaders. With "This is a very strange teaching,"pletely stopped all road traffic.

the courage of youth they ventured Sato San said. "I have never heard Chaplain Nelson and his friends

into the streets to see the Americans of such a belief although I have waded through the deep moonlit smile and throw candy from the studied the Bible."snow all that night to return the

trucks. The big fear was all over. thirty miles to their replacement

Later the foreign soldiers came to depot near the town of Okazaki.

of to trade village items foodthe still in sickness There the was BREEZES silk curios.for then and It was family, Sato the but new friends BY FRANCES GORMAN RISSERthat of English a knowledge became candies foreign foods. brought and

the most valuable talent in the For the first time in his life little school to breezes village, go to have the Thehungry merchants and tasted various strange Yasuo canned they'll season, so recalled Each knowsuddenly under- a man who fruits meats. and One unnamed

rules Just much, strange tongue. to follow: In thestood such The how serviceman Mormon have may

to long, quiet, blow! this ridiculed and whenpast some had How their lives this save helped during

faithscholarly his strong man for postwar hungry period. Each day

in Bible; the Christian but Tatsui In Spring they help young birds to for several his months he stopped

village, for voice theSato fly a was now big at truck bread the Army North showers; clean after up And of the 22nd it was November By just Bridge long to enough throw grass they'll Summer fan drooping disIn as quietcold Sato San and still several loaves of down warm leaves dust and flowers; And off villagers the times withcussed hard GI bread. There prayers were many

in tea the neargathered shop a of as thanks each time he roared trees will help the they In Autumn It Bridge. dark almostNorth was off the dusty again. road down leaves red Discard and brown; three noticed Amerisomeonewhen the time the rains By summer breezes In Winter snowwreathed in soldiers the deserted standingcan village, to came Sato Narumi Tatsui

road outside. They appeared to be guide and his wife Chiyo were convinced

waiting for a ride to some military Old Santa into town! that the Book of Mormon was true.

camp. Through the windows of Their lives had changed greatly

the shop the foreigners could be since the Latterday Saint serviceseen stamping their feet on the hard The visitors then explained about men had first declined to drink their ground outside to keep warm as a revelation from God called the tea and had told of their beliefs.

their breath showed in the frosty "Word of Wisdom,"and also said On July 7, 1946, Tatsui Sato was air. Several people suggested inthat the believers in this Church baptized in a swimming pool at the

viting them into the shop to warm were called Mormons after a sacred Kansai University in Osaka by themselves, but only Sato San could history book copied from ancient C. Elliot Richards. Tatsui's faithful

speak English. records. In answer to his request wife Chiyo and frail son Yasuo were

The three foreign soldiers looked one of the Americans promised to also baptized and confirmed that up in surprise as the dignified bring Sato San a copy of this Book day. This was the first baptism of

Japanese man asked in English: of Mormon when they came again. local Saints in Japan for over twenty

"Won't you come in and get warm As the three men left to board a big years and the beginning of a new while you are waiting?"Sato San truck one villager was heard to say, era for the Church in the Far East.

then recognized one of the men as "Mezurashii Ne—these Americans In early 1948, Honolulu Church

a Mr. Mel Arnold who had previousare very strange indeed. I'm afraid leader Edward L. Clissold reopened

ly come to his silk and curio store. that they cannot be understood like the Japanese Mission. In June of

The other two men introduced ordinary people."that year the first five missionaries

themselves as Ray Hanks and Reed As promised, Mel ArnoM and Ray arrived in Tokyo. All of these

Davis. Hanks did return to Narumi with elders were veterans of the Pacific

Inside the shop the Americans ex- a Book of Mormon, and began to war against Japan.

pressed their thanks as they rubbed hold study classes with the Sato famAs the postwar missionary work their hands over the meager coals in ily. Tatsui Sato read the book carespread out among the ninety milthe hibachi charcoal brazier. As fully from cover to cover, and then lion people of Japan, Brother and

184 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA His family is protected with Farmers Insurance, too.

Today's business man is sharply aware of the need for making every dollar count. He has found that

Farmers commercial insurance gives him the coverage he needs at low cost. And of course his car is insured

with Farmers.

It is only natural, then, that so many men are turning to Farmers to cover their life insurance needs, as well.

Farmers offers a wide variety of life coverages—for the breadwinner and

for every member of the family—

insurance to provide for children's education, to pay off the mortgage, should the need arise, to provide for comfortable retirement.

Let Farmers New World Life Insurance Company draw up a family insurance plan especially for you—

today.

CALL YOUR FARMERS AGENT

FOR ALL YOUR INSURANCE.

He's listed in the phone book under Farmers Insurance Group.

He's an expert on Life Insurance as well as auto, fire, truck and commercial insurance. Get

them all from farmers for finest coverage at low cost.

Fast Fair Friendly Farmers Insurance Group

AUTO LIFE FIRE TRUCK COMMERCIAL

MARCH 1962 185 Sister Tatsui Sato were among the since Elder Alma O. Taylor had Korea, Okinawa, and China also,

many who helped open the way. laboriously completed the original those who read the Japanese charMany who later joined the Church Book of Mormon translation and acters would eagerly seek copies of

were to first hear the inspiring publication the Japanese language these publications. The way had

Joseph Smith story while seated on had undergone numerous changes been further opened for a great the crowded tatami straw mats in and modernizations. The Doctrine work in Asia.

the little Sato home. Over the years and Covenants and the Pearl of Each weekday now Brother Tatnumerous new elders came to an Great Price had never been transsui Sato continues his important

understanding of the complex Japlated. Moving his family from the work in a small sunlit room on the

anese language through the patient ancestral village of Narumi to Church property in Tokyo. More

explanations of skilled Brother Sato. Tokyo, Brother Sato prayerfully pamphlets and lessons are ever in

Sister Sato mended the elders'socks opened his dictionaries and began: demand for translation in a growing

and presented tiny loaves of bread Moromon ga Nefi no han kara tote mission. His faithful wife Chiyo

she had baked over a charcoal jibun no te de betsu no han kizan died in 1959. Their alert son Yasuo

brazier. Their son Yasuo, very ill da kiroku. "An account written by is now an engineering student in

before his baptism, completely rethe hand of Mormon upon plates a big Tokyo university. Recently

covered his health and sprouted up taken from the plates of Nephi."Brother Sato became the first conto become the largest boy in his Day after day the carefully writvert in Asia to ordain a son to the

school class. ten pages of Kanji characters grew. Melchizedek Priesthood.

On June 12, 1949, Elder Matthew Years of study, discussion, and Looking back over these events

Cowley, then touring the Japanese weighing each word were to pass that have changed many lives and

Mission, ordained Brother Tatsui Sabefore the final modern and inspirwill yet influence multitudes, we to an elder. This was the first such ing Book of Mormon translation marvel at the way this one man first

ordination to the Melchizedek Priestappeared in print. The Doctrine heard the gospel message. We can

hood in Japan in several decades. and Covenants and Pearl of Great picture that cold night fifteen years

In a special blessing with this Price were also rendered into the ago in the little village of Narumi, ordinance Brother Sato was also set same easyto-read Japanese charJapan, when the unknown American apart as the official interpreter and acters. After nine years of patient soldiers entered that small tea shop.

translator for the new Japanese labor Brother Tatsui Sato's final And we wonder how things might

Mission. translation of the standard works of have been if the strangers had just

A great and urgent task lay ahead the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterdrunk their tea and departed into for the new translator. In the growday Saints was completed. This the night.

ing mission there was a pressing great message of the restored gospel There are others like Brother need for more Church tracts, mancould go out in the language of the Sato waiting in the world for this uals, and for a retranslation of the kingdom to the now almost one hungreat message. Perhaps you will

Book of Mormon. In the forty years dred million people of Japan. In meet such a person today.

Establishing a Helping true feelings are experienced in lationship will be a helpful one.

Relationship honesty and with humility. When A teacher, friend, or leader must be

this is done, the person receiving sensitively aware of and acceptant {Continued from page 169) help is free to grow. He feels acof his own feelings. Then he is in

cepted and worthy in this healthy a position to form a helping relationof annoyance, dissatisfaction, or relationship. When this is not the ship with another.

judgment, whether he is consciously case, and the person seeking help It is profitable to evaluate one aware of it or not, the communifeels the lack of sincerity and trustmore question presented by Rogers cation contains contradictory mesworthiness from the helper, he reto those in the role of helping sages to the other person. One's coils and counters with defensiveothers. "Can I let myself experience

words may say one thing, but in ness. This reduces the chance for positive attitudes toward this other

caring, person—attitudes It is basic for growth. of warmth, anyone a convey a feeling of real subtle way

5 respect?"liking, interest, and establish kind intends to dissatisfaction, any annoyance, who or judgment. Such a condition seems to of a helping relationship to realize The helping person may feel that

confuse the other person and causes that it is safe to be "transparently"if he shows that he really cares for him to be distrustful of the relationreal. When one creates an atmosanother, that person may take undue

ship, and little if no help results. phere where no feelings relevant to advantage. This may lead to serious

Whether it be a teacher in seminary, the relationship are hidden to the demands upon one's time and of

Sunday School, or institute, a bishhelper or to the other person, then one's emotional strength. Therefore,

op, or a parent, it is valuable that one can be almost sure that the re- 'Ibid., p. 7.

186 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

When Jimmy grows as big as his shadow

... the free world he lives in will be using almost a During the last ten years, geologists from Standard

million gallons of petroleum every minute. and its affiliates have explored in 47 countries on

That's about 60% more than it uses today—by 1971 six continents.

Where will it all come from? Is the search paying off?

From hundreds of places on earth you might never Yes. In the United States alone, we found two new

expect oil to exist. Right now, for example, Standard barrels of oil for every barrel we took out of the

exploration teams are probing the ocean floor far ground.

out to sea... trekking across Arabian deserts, marked The search will continue to help make certain that

"inaccessible"on maps. Jimmy and his generation will have the oil they

Others are climbing over glaciers in Alaska, pushneed for an everexpanding number of homes, cars, ing through the snow deep into the frozen interior industries and mechanized farms... and to provide

of Canada, slogging their way through the jungles chemicals from petroleum that will make possible of Latin America. more exciting new products.

planning ahead to serve you better

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA

MARCH 1962 187 many tend to create a barrier beof time before asking for an First. As a helping person one

tween themselves and others. An appointment. should have the intent of helping the

attitude of aloofness or a "profesPeople needing help are often other become more mature, more sional"impersonal relationship is fearful that should they seek help able to cope with life's problems.

developed. they may be rejected or forgotten Second. One should realize he

It has been observed in clinical at some point during the counseling cannot be successful in helping areas that some counselors develop sessions. This fear of rejection is others unless he himself is a wellelaborate diagnostic formulations, one of the prime reasons for disorganized and unified personality.

seeing the other person more as an turbance in many people having in Stated another way, the degree to object than a real living person with the past felt the rejection or diswhich one can create relationships feelings and emotions like himself. interest of people in general. Since which facilitate the growth of someThe same is often true in teaching the intimate life of a person is one else is determined by the growth

and administrative work, where all sacred, every helping person should he has achieved in himself. Counkinds of evaluative procedures have selors then are always in the state

been developed. Such an attitude of "becoming."Being in this state

seeking the person leavemay is the counselor within the Church help THE TEMPLE threatened of being a feelingwith teachable, understanding, and humand rejected. Counselors need to BY CECIL WARREN ble in his work, relying constantly

know and sincerely believe that in upon the Holy Ghost as his guide helping others it is safe to care. It The Lord has built a temple. and inspiration.

is safe to be "transparently real."It Built it in the wilderness, Third. He should realize that he

is that for others helpful to know we trustperceived as being be its spires beauty must are towered And forreally care accept them. and dependable, and with worthy genucannot express. words mere Which for is accepted one what When of interest ine feelings caring. and

he is—honest or deceitful, infantile The walls are tall and stately, The expression of feelings is more

will find hope andor adult—he new

in his for desire change.purpose His The windows of stained glass thanfeelingsjustareverbalso accuratelystatements.discernibleSince

selfconfidence grows, and he is able Through which the rainbow colors by the person being helped, there to reciprocate the love, kindness, Of the Lord of Hosts shall pass. must be consistency between what

thus he has received,and respect The altar is a haven one says and how one feels.permitting change. Step permanent

that Fourth. should recognize Heby step he moves from the unWhich by God is sanctified,

of advice, giving or the judgment, his of to theawareness problems earthly of evil thoughts And is not looked admonishments upon his of in contradictionsrecognition will are outside. held By his as counselors therabeing by many

life. is feels a person he When peutic. treatment Such causes one hisfully received is accepted with and always door open The feel threatened. to person Any inconsistencies, to is then he able service the For of mankind; feelings experiencing of threat release rethings the which have been

I enter there automatically to worship defensponds with a And self, in the "stuck"orhidden and attitude, thus sive inhibiting the soul heart mind. and and With is to begin acceptthen only able he process. growth

is his feelings. ing present now He I shall this take temple with me Fifth. of the sacredness The his to free own. proceed onmore

I start, counseling relationship should be Being less bound by the past, he On each journey which can live more fully in the present. For the Lord has built his temple seriously considered. Because the

One final question remains. How [n the confines of my heart. one seeking help has his very future

sincerely does one feel about his at stake, the helper must not take relationship with those seeking help? this trust lightly. And if such a reIt is a sacred situation when inlationship is not to reach a real

viting or accepting the confidence have genuine feelings about his part measure of completion, it would be of another. More harm is done in that relationship. Again let it be better never to begin.

than good accomplished when one said that if the counselor does not It is the author's opinion that enters into a helping relationship fully intend to see the counseling there is a need to evaluate more with a person and then withdraws through to completion, or make adeclosely the many problems relative when difficulties present themselves. quate referral, it would be better to the inability of many church

A helping person cannot treat such for the person to> have never entered members emotionally to conduct relationships as he would a streetthe relationship. their lives so they can more adecar, entering and leaving at will. The purpose of this article has quately live the gospel. Our emoPeople in need of help often spend been to discuss some of the aspects tional reactions or the way we feel

a great deal of time gaining enough of counseling. Principally it has toward people and things largely

courage to attempt change. The dealt with conditions of establishing determine our capacity to live our

author was made keenly aware of a helping relationship. It has been religion. Therefore, it is within the

this fact during a fourth counseling the desire of the author to suggest reach of those who counsel to help session when a client (student) reto those who counsel, some of the people find themselves and more ported to him she had tested him in problems they meet in counseling readily harmonize their lives with every way over a long period relationships. the teachings of the Master.

188 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

BIG SIZE... and more earning

power. The new AllisChalmers D-19

has both.

Big horsepower! Up to 70 PTO hp.*

Your choice of rugged new 6-cylinder

PowerCrater engines, gasoline or LP fuel. Or new turbocharged diesel

Big weight! Up to 7700 lbs. (with

liquid ballast but without wheel weights).

Plenty to handle your heavy drawbar loads.

Big Size! Long and stable for big implements, 12 feet 10 inches from end to

end. Big tires (15.5-38, 16.9-34*, or 18.4-

34*), tO handle big jobs. ("Optional at extra cost.)

Big work capacity! Five plow botturn toms. Big disc capacity! New AllisChalmers T-BAR hitch system gives

bonus weight for big pulltype to big implements.NEW FARMEASY FEATURES YOU'LL LIKE

First of its kind—a new oilless air

cleaner with automatic DustEjector for Your choice of big plows, 3-bottom deepplowing longer engine life, simpler servicing! spinner, 5-bottom semimounted, 5-bottom pull type,

Quieter! Sparksafe exhaust New! all can be used fully mounted 4-bottom types—and

engines. gasolineearning silencer on and LP the the fuelsaving with advantages of Traction provides turbocharger Exhaustdriven

system. Booster operation. diesel quiet

New! Two independent hydraulic systems: 1. Traction Booster system. power 2. Complete hydraulic system to operate

both mounted and pulltype tools.

Investing in bigger earning power is sound farm management. Look at the

new D-19 soon, at your AllisChalmers dealer's. You'll discover there's a big difference in big tractors. AllisChalmers

Farm Equipment Division, Milwaukee 1,

Wisconsin. *Manufacturer's estimate (corrected).BIG

Bigacreage disc harrows with squadron hitches are available to match your power.

POWERCRATER and TRACTION BOOSTER are AllisChalmers trademarks.ALLISCHALMERS

MARCH 1962 189 Why the Pioneer old Salt Lake Theatre with its steam press to assist in preserving

Memorial Theater? Parguette section, its Dress Circle, the costumes.

Family Circle, and Third Circle The gallery for scene painters of could accommodate more than 1,600 the old theater was in an attic corner (Continued from page 155) people if necessary. high above and back of the stage.

But there is a second "Little It was accommodated with good

Theater"in the student floor of this north light for day time hours and

Pioneer Memorial Theater which coal oil lamps and candles were used approach to the elevation of the will accommodate an audience of at night. Our modern scene painters

university campus makes it possible three hundred fifty people and with will work in a similar location but to obtain entrance to the new theater which the scenery of the main their lighting will be adjustable to by only two low broad steps. theater will be interchangeable. All their slightest needs.

All the graciously open welcome stage wings and drops will be elecLighting throughout the entire of the original foyer of the Salt Lake trically controlled and will hang new theater is so arranged and so

Theatre has been duplicated and from grooves in the ceiling when concealed as to give maximum comenhanced. Passing through glass not in use. fort and yet can be projected where

doors that are a part of the twostory Brigham Young provided a Green and when desired for countless and glass front of the Memorial Theater, Room of stately elegance for his varied effects, and all by pushone sees on the left wall a cornertheater, but its modern counterpart button control.

stone gift from the government of while spacious and attractive is After the Salt Lake Theatre was

Greece; some of basrelief done on fundamentally keyed to efficiency. first remodeled in 1865 the stage

a bit of marble from the Acropolis Ten office rooms adjoin it, and there manager was happy to be able to by the Greek sculptor, Andre Timis a spacious snack bar equipped "instantly communicate"with the broo. Coming from the birthplace with cooking facilities and food prompter and musicians "by the

of formal theater, the gift merits storage space adequate to serve two tingle of the bell and the speaking a particular setting. hundred people. tube."Today all elements of the

Beyond the foyer, both left and The "Little Theater"on the Stunew theater can commune with each right, spacious hallways are flanked dent Floor has its own Green Room, other via an extensive intercom- with cloak rooms where one may dressing rooms, and a small snack munication wiring system.

deposit wraps before entering the bar. There are a ticket office for By modern design and invention

main auditorium. The continental the public, a lounge, library, and acoustics are excellent, but acoustics

seating plan of no chair directly two rehearsal rooms. The scenery of the old Salt Lake Theatre were

behind another assures every patron shops which are on this floor can famous because of designing by the an unobstructed view of the stage. be serviced by elevators large builders. They found it necessary

Aisles separating each row of seats enough to allow a loaded truck to to reduce the magnificent ninetymake it possible to reach one's place drive on and be lowered down to five foot center arch of their audiwithout inconveniencing those alwhere supplies can be unloaded at torium by twentyfive feet, but the ready seated; and thanks to modern the source of need. The costuming acoustical results were worth the

designing, no member of the audidepartment, too, will enjoy this partial sacrifice of beauty.

ence, even those of the gallery, will elevator service. It was soon found necessary to

be more than ninety feet from Those who had charge of costumcut away the originally deep stage the stage. ing a century ago and were so proud apron of the beloved old theater in

Above the 550 seats of the main of the ample cupboards and closet order to make room for an expanded floor will extend the loge reached space afforded them would have orchestra, but today a spacious and from the second floor and containing deemed such conveniences as now convenient musicians'pit is buried 159 choice chairs placed in comexist to be improbabilities. Adunder an expansive and adjustable

manding view. Also on the second jacent to the costumer's office is apron that will permit contact of

floor directly above the foyer will a large cutting and sewing room performers and audience if desired.

be a museum containing relics of with fitting rooms nearby and a storThe stage so famous a century ago the Salt Lake Theatre and its era. age vault to hold large quantities of was forty feet wide, forty feet high,

The gallery reached from the third materials. There is a storage room and sixtytwo feet deep, but the new

floor will seat 291 making a total arranged to hold five thousand cosstage is quite differently proporaudience of a thousand people in tumes in ready accessability, and tioned. Audiences will view an

this main theater auditorium. The a fully equipped laundry with a expanse of stage one hundred and

SPRING WIND

BY KATHERINE HUNN KARSNER

The wind shrugged her shoulders Then swept clean a meadow and and tucked up her petticoats, shook from her apron

Tied back her hair with a veil of the Anemones, violets, the first buttersky.

190 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

web offset printing

This issue of was produced by DP"*<5EKIET MFWS PRESS on its new web offset A TF Webendorfer Press

This new fiveunit press, using roll paper stock, can produce offset printing on both sides of the paper web at speeds up to 25,000 impressions per hour.

Deseret News Press is proud to bring this new printing advancement to Utah and the West, continuing its tradition of leadership in the printing industry. For all your

lithographing, letterpress printing, bookbinding or electrotyping needs, see DESERET NEWS PRESS.

Saks Office: 33 Richards Street

Production Plant: 1605 South Industrial Road

Salt Lake City, Utah

No peeling! No cooking! No waste!

Save time, money, storage space...

PERMAPAK'S INSTANT MASHED POTATO FLAKES In just seconds you can whip up light and fluffy mashed potatoes! No work. No waiting. Just add

liquid to the naturalflavor flakes, processed from NOT THIS BUT THIS!

the finest of firm, fresh potatoes. Each economical i MAIL HANDY COUPON

16 lbs. of delicious mashed potatoes—equal to Mashed Potato Flakes @ $6.75. Total $

221/2 lbs. of raw potatoes. Stock up now at this Please send me cases/cans of Permapak

low, low caselot price Potatoes @ $. Total $

(State: chiplets, sliced, diced or shredded)

Please sent me FREE PermaPak Storage Foods Catalog. ALSO AVAILABLE AT CASELOT SAVINGS: case $C 75

My Name Chiplets $6.75 case (can $1.15) Sliced $6.60 case (can $1.10); Diced 6 Address

$9.00 case (can $1.50); Shredded (6 No. 10 cans, City Zone State..

$8.40 case (can $1.40). 84 servings per can)

Orders exceeding 20 lbs. will be shipped Freight Collect. RETAIL PRICES F.O.B., Salt Lake City,

prices subject to change. For orders weighing less

than 20 lbs., check local Post Office for Parcel Post

Rates. Include Postage with Check or Money Order.

(Utah residents add 3% Sales Tax.) Mail to addressPERIVIAPAK at bottom of left column.

PIONEERS IN PREPAREDNESS PRODUCTS Write for FREE literature on PermaPak's Compact Storage Foods, 40 E. Robert Avenue (2430 S.) Salt Lake City 15, Utah Survival and Camping Kits and Fallout Shelters and Supplies.

MARCH 1962 191 twentyeight feet wide, sixtyfive cooking arrangements for light reNoted as was the Salt Lake feet deep and sixtyfive feet high, freshments are available, and two Theatre for its backstage convenand it will be equipped with two soundproof rehearsal rooms are close iences, no actor or actress who large elevators each ten by forty feet, by where those off stage may be performed there, no dramatic star affording vast staging possibilities. reviewing their parts or where whole of the past century, dreamed of such

For this main stage two dressing casts may be preparing another comforts as now exist in this great rooms each for fifty people have drama even while the play of the Pioneer Memorial Theater. Accomconvenient clothes closets and imevening is in progress. The memorial modations for stars directly off each

mense mirrors abundantly lighted, building is a school of drama as side of the stage include a bath, and modern plumbing is near. Even well as a theater. a dressing room, and a small reception hall where guests or members of the press may be received.

Because the exterior of the building of the Daughters of Utah Pioneers is a replica of the pioneer theater it was deemed best that the "... let the Nation search memorial should emulate in spirit

and quality. The new building has

?J no windows, the ultra modern twoitself... story glass wall at the west admitting

the only daylight, but theater is basRICHARD L. EVANS ically a nocturnal affair, and electricity provides the equivalent of

daylight. "Washed air"from an

Last week we spoke of giving gratitude, and cited ultra modern plant will keep the these sentences: "He who receives a gift worthily atmosphere of the entire building

always asks himself what he has done to deserve fresh and clean and temperately [it].... Perhaps the finest part of a gift is the warm or cool as desired.

searching of soul which it brings with it; and the Pioneer audiences appreciated

receives the the gift the frankly greater ought more who man glittering with plays along it to great

.. of giving himself. gratitude the [search] need theme Z'1 Now comedies, and musical "spectaculars,"

not, should not, be confined to one day, one week. Thanks is popular melodramas. Thirtynine

always seasonable, beyond any season that may be set aside. And unabridged Shakespearean dramas

so we would turn today to a wider searching of ourselves, not were presented during the first seven personally only, but as a people, and would cite some meaningful years of the Salt Lake Theatre.

in print, years yet sentences which, ago, appeared some sixty years before than a hundred More for for this "It is a time, not seem to have moment: a message wrote Americana the Encyclopedia

exaltation, the of of conscience, for for searching humility but standards "theatre that by modern spirit, of for heartfelt the the for light, for prayer whole people of in the service of the media is one sanity, for for strength, for guidance, that for passion righteousness the to understand attempt man's

... all scorn, pride, trust in the arrogance, consumes which and

himself,"Mormons were and 1,".. things that perish. critical in world of us so have grown "Some

theain producing actively engaged

... history forgotten our have [and spirit, and have become While for purpose. that ter many

to that blessings such] forget inestimable accustomed we how still were Europeans and Americans... are precious they recently bestowed. and they have been how a source to theater be considering

It is to only given the spirituallyminded a country to understand it evil, embracing were of Mormons it is like ours, as only to given to the spirituallyminded transform it from prophecy into achievement...."2 "Therefore, let the as a desirable medium of learning

Nation search itself as never before to discover if it be worthy truth.

of these great gifts... "1 And thus let us plead and pray: "Almighty No people today can equal the

God, who in former time leddest our fathers forth... give Thy dramatic activity record of the

grace... to us their children, that we may always... do Thy will. Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Bless our land with honorable industry, sound learning, and pure Saints. Fostered by the Mutual

manners. Defend our liberties; preserve our unity. Save us from Improvement Associations, such acviolence, discord, and confusion... and from every evil way.... tivity is shared by hundreds of

Endue with the spirit of wisdom those whom we intrust in Thy thousands of members young and name with the authority of governance, to the end that there may old.

be peace at home and that we keep our place among the The new Pioneer Memorial Theanations of the earth.... Temper our selfconfidence with thankter will seek to produce drama that

fulness"1—and our fear with courage and faith. Then let us on is not just a reflection of life, but

our knees thank God for all that he has given. rather an "active search for the truths

iEditorial, The Outlook, 29 Nov., 1902. of existence."But to become the

Hbid., 26 Nov., 1904. greatest theater in the world, it must

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the needs be a community effort. Will

Columbia Broadcasting System, November 26, 1961. Copyright 1961. we, the people, do our share?

192 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Land of Paul massive Serapis temple, the old the road and on every space of unRoman baths, the marble street, the turned ground. And wherever he

little place, chips of and other once imlooks, white mar-(Continued from page 176) market pressive ble. 10 sculptured structures. tourists, see for He will

As one walks about the ruins, he Ephesus is drawing an everincreas-

Minor is the ruins of ancient sees poppies waving in the corn, ing throng of visitors. In the disEphesus, located on the southwestand yellow peaflowers, wild mustance he hears a chicken cackle and

ofern coast Turkey about seventytard, toiling anemones, small marguerites, sees peasants in tobacco five miles south of the port forgetme-nots city of and beside fields. will growing find But otherwise he

Izmir. In its heyday Ephesus was

the most famous city in Asia Minor and one of the important metropolises of the world. The Temple of

Diana, said to be one of the seven wonders of the ancient world, was the gathering place of the paganistic world for many centuries. The first

bank reportedly was founded in

Ephesus after the invention of money. The population of Ephesus

rose to 200,000. 7

It was to this great pagan city that

Paul preached as a missionary for three years. As recorded in Acts

19:2341, Paul and his companions

eventually ran into trouble with the silversmiths who were making silver shrines for the pagan goddess Diana.

They were hauled into the great theater and tried before the multitude on charges of wrecking the lucrative business of Demetrius and his associates.

Today the Temple of Diana is a waterlogged ruin. At first glance

it appeared to the author to be little more than a frog pond though one can make out the ground plan of the huge structure which historians say was larger and more famous than the Parthenon in Athens."

However, the great stone amphitheater where Paul was tried still stands, although most of the scats have been removed and used in other buildings. The theater was

rebuilt several times, its final construction having begun under the (4154reign of Claudius AD). Two Perfection for your Church Music dividepassageways secthe seating

tion into three areas, each of which accommodates twentytwo rows of Only a real pipe organ can give the seats. Thus the amphitheater comrich authentic tones that assure music

fortably seated 25,000 in Roman its rightful place as a vital part of thetimes."

Today if one is not afraid of worship service. Every Wicks Pipe

snakes or lizards, he can pick his Organ is custom built to adapt to any way through sticky weeds to the function of the building. Wicks'exclutop of the empty, cavernous bowl. sive Direct Electric action assures

To the east, on Mt. Pion, against years of troublefree enjoyment. Wicks

whose steep, rocky slopes the amphiPipe Organs are guaranteed for ten rests,theater F'IF'JS scraggly he may see ORGANS years... twice as long as other makes. cattle grazing.Turkish looking And The House of Wicks

out to the west, he sees countless Have you played a Wicks Pipe Organ WICKS ORGAN COMPANY tons of other Roman ruins—the recently? Write for information. HIGHLAND, ILLINOIS

MARCH 1962 193 Ephesus as dead today as the marble of Artemis (Diana worshipers) conthe Aegean Sea. But apparently

reminders of her past greatness. tinued. But neither recovered its eroded soil carried from the AnaHistorians say the Goths destroyed former splendor. 11 Today Ephesus, tolian plateau by the river Kaystros

both the city and the paganistic called by the Turks Efes, doesn't silted up the harbor, and in time

Temple of Diana in AD 262. The have a harbor. In ancient times it even the river drastically changed

city revived, however, and the cult was strategically situated on a bay of its course. Thus today the ruins of

Ephesus are fully five miles from the sea. One can catch a good view

of the sea from the dugway leading up the mountain to the reconstructed stone house and chapel which Catholics maintain was the last home of

The "Peacemakers"Mary,Whatthe causedmother theof thedownfallSavior. of

Ephesus? Some historians say

that following the Gothic invasion,

RICHARD L. EVANS Ephesus was gradually deserted because the river silted up, marshlands

formed, and malaria struck the

In searching the Beatitudes one sentence today people. 11

forcibly suggests itself: "Blessed are the peaceBut we prefer to believe that

shall for the children called they be makers: THE that significant reason of a was more SPOKEN this seems one somehow word from God"1—and of darkworks the chose Ephesians WORD

forcibly to come forward: "makers"—the makers of ness rather than light, that they

peace, which implies that peace isn't something one simply assumes. destroyed themselves seeking pleasPeace is a blessing beyond price that must be earned and deserved; ure and gratification of their appe-

a blessing for which millions of men, in this generation and others, tites. Historians note that this great

have laid their lives on the line, for the right of every man to live city was the most prosperous in Asia in liberty and to pursue peaceful purposes. And to preserve all Minor until the third century AD,

that is most precious requires something from ourselves as well as being an international meeting place something from other sources: preparedness, willingness, work, of pleasure hunters, flute players,

courage, a righteous cause, devotion to principle, and the help of dancers, and beautiful women. 1 -

Divine Providence. In all the issues, in all objectives, we must We can well imagine the grannever eliminate our own earnest effort and must never eliminate diose, noisy, wicked city of Ephesus

God from our allegiance or our lives. "No nation,"said Carlyle, in Paul's day when we read his

"which did not contemplate this wonderful universe with... counsel to the Ephesian Saints:

reverential belief that there was a great unknown, omnipotent, "And you hath he quickened, who and allwise and alljust Being, superintending all men in it, and were dead in trespasses and sins;

in to all interest nation very ever did any much, nor came it,—no walked in time past ye "Wherein

either, unrealistic that."2 It forgot to suppose would be this man who of to the course according

that someone or something is going to take care of us without our world, according to the prince of own effort. It would be equally erroneous to suppose that our the power of the air, the spirit that

own effort is ever altogether adequate without some help from now worketh in the children of a Supreme Source. As to our part, Paul said: "Let us therefore disobedience:

follow after the things which make for peace..."3—which include "Among whom also we all had

standing for it, living for it, working for it, believing in it, with our conversation in times past in the courage and conviction, with righteousness and resolution. Paralusts of our flesh, fulfilling the dedoxically, then, peace is not merely passive. Peace is something sires of the flesh and of the mind;

that is prepared for, pursued, practised. And there is no peace in and were by nature the children of

principles. said it: compromising As can bring "Nothing Emerson wrath, even as others."(Ephesians

of principles."the triunroh of peace but you be "makers"1 To 2:1-3.)

peace requires respect for law, the living of law, willingness to In the same letter he reminded preserve principles, and forthright facing of facts. Peace reauires the Ephesians that they were "... no

the kind of character and conduct of principle and patriotism that more strangers and foreigners, but have made and preserved our past, with righteousness, resnect, fellowcitizens with the Saints, and with resolution and reverence. And well would we remember that of the household of God.

making peace is not something merely passive, but reauires something of ourselves as well as something outside ourselves. "Blessed "Built upon the foundation of the

Christ prophets, Jesus and are the peacemakers: for they shall be called the children of God."1 apostles corner the chief himself being

1Matthew 5:9. stone."(Ibid., 2:1920.)

Carlyle, 2Thomas Inaugural Address. And he also spoke of the "un14:19. 'Romans

4Emerson, Self Reliance. searchable riches of Christ."(Ibid.,

3:8.) And he wrote to the Ephesian

.. "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the Saints that he bowed his knees ".

Columbia Broadcasting System, November 12, 1961. Copyright 1961. unto the Father of our Lord Jesus

194 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA \A/hether you are buildChrist"that "... he would grant ing or remodeling,

you, according to the riches of his Wm. Samson Co. is a

glory, to be strengthened with might most experienced counby his Spirit in the inner man."Paul

also prayed that the Ephesians might selor. Expert craftsmen

"... know the love of Christ, which provide labor in

passeth knowledge, that ye might be detail for custom I filled with all the fulness of God."

(See ibid., 3:14, 16, 19.) furnishings—giving Bl

In the fourth chapter of his letter maximum value W I ito the Ephesians he explained that I STAGE there must be apostles and prophets Some of our until all come to the unity of the EQUIPMENT installations:

faith. (Ibid., 4:1113.) And he apoff the old Wardpealed to put to them | Wilshire

is corrupt according "whichman, San Diego to and DRAPERIES the deceitful lusts,"to be "renewed Ward spirit toin the of and your mind"FURNISHED INSTALLED AND BY <...,

ibid., the"put (See man."on new

g>) I Oakland Stake y-j /\ t to4:2224.) called upon them He

repent of lying, stealing, bitterness, LosAn9e,e, \ Templeand wrath and to be kind and tenderWm. Samson Co.

hearted to one another. (See ibid., 2451 Broadway, |

4:28, 3132.) Santa Monica, Calif.

After Paul's era several historical EX 3-0128 of to Christians interest tookevents * DRAPEREES for complete Write or ptione in Asiaplace Council Minor. The Specifically Coordinated for Sunday

details: at ofof Nicea, the mass which Relief School Rooms, Society

theological as Offices, contradictions Rooms, Lounges, etc. known Co. Samson Wm.

* STAGE RIGGING formulated, Creedthe Nicene was Monica, Calif. Santa Broadway, 2451 SETS STAGE TRACK held 325 met The councilwas AD. 3-0128 EX SETS COUNTERWE'GHT

at the site of present day Iznik, a

Turkish provincial town of 4,500 located about twentyfive miles south of the Marmara Sea port town of

Karamursel, where a group of LDS (LAm>ia4/ New Long Primer Bibles military families have organized a small branch of the Church within the last few years.

The council at Nicea occurred These features will tell you why one year after the Roman EmperorConstantine, the socalled convert to they are the finest Bibles you can buy

Christianity, conquered ancient ByConcordance zantium on the Bosphorus and conModified Selfpronouncing 04994x verted it into the seat of his empire New Long Primer type under the name of Constantinople. Dictionary of Scripture

A general council of the apostate Proper Names

Christian Church was held in 431 Subject Index

AD at Ephesus. On that occasion 100,000Chain ReferencesCentercolumn

Nestorius and condemned, was the 12 pages of maps in color estabthe Virgin"honor of (Mary) Family Record lished,"Britanas the Encyclopedia

Flexible bindings event. 11 thenica related

Ribbon markers But after the "falling away"Levant grain Calf prophesied by Paul (2 Thessalonians Half circuit 2:1-3), there were no divinely comSimulated leather lining Large Print

missioned missionaries in historic Round corners Lightweight Portability

Asia Minor until this dispensation, Red under gold edges

Spori 1884when in Elder Jacob Oxford longestablished favorite in Ultrathin 04884x—A

inarrived soon Constantinople and India paper blackletter type. Black or Red. $14.95

family,baptized an Armenian the Authorized King James AND NOW Version thereafterVartooguians. Shortly the words..of. Christ are 04994x—All

Elders Joseph M. Tanner and Francis Size; 5 34 x 8 s/s x 1"printed in red. $ 1 5.45

M. Lyman, Jr., joined him. Turkish

laws, however, were very strict. At your bookseller

OXFORD UNIVERSITY PRESS / NEW YORK iSP

MARCH 1962 195.

Zippy, the Zions Savings Bug, says...

Because the Church did not receive John E. Page, who arranged a

official recognition from the Turkish market through ZCMI in Salt Lake

NOW.. government, the missionaries could City. In 1906 the Book of Morprotect not hold public meetings. Missionary mon was published in Turkish in

a your efforts were shifted for a time to Boston, Massachusetts. However,

political unrest the with renewed Palestine. Haifa,

( V? family elders were called American home in 1887, Elder Ferdinand However,

while F. Hintze arrived in the Turkish in 1909 and the branches were

you Mission, as it was then called. With placed in the hands of native elders.

* save! Elder Tanner he baptized a Serb In 1921, Elder J. Wilford Booth,

named Mischa Markow, who later who had labored as president of the ''opened the door of the gospel in Turkish Mission from 1904 to 1909, several of the Balkan states and in was again called to preside. At

Belgium. a conference held in January 1924

Join the Zions Savings & Loan Elder Hintze, assisted by two nain Aleppo, located just south of the $5,000 Family Security Club tive converts, published the "Articles present TurkishSyrian border, the of Faith"and a tract in the old

With just one small deposit each month. Turkish language, which was written

with Arabic characters until 1928.

You accumulate $5,000 in savings Later in company of Elder James WHEN GRANDMA DOES THE

O Your money earns 4V4% dividends Clove he visited Sivas in central BAKING yearly Asia Minor where a few converts BY JAMES H. KONKLE

were baptized. Soon afterwards

family your $5,000 assure 2 You Elders M. Sjodahl, bakes a cake, Janne Grandma Joh an When

live to not comshould you even Charles to linger I like U. Locander, Georg Grau,

plete the plan Fred Stauffer, Edgar D. Simmons, and clean the pans and plates

and William H. Smart came into the then lick my finger.

As you save, your money earns mission. Branches of the Church

the big, new A lA% current dividend were formed in Aintab ( now Gazian- I guess that Grandma knows rate AND... from the very first tep) and Sivas in Turkey and of children's wishes;

day you join the $5,000 Family Aleppo in Syria, and mission headfor she leaves lots of sweet stuff

Security Club, your family is quarters were established in Aintab. on the dishes.

guaranteed the full $5,000 pure Separate meetings were held for protection insurance, should anymen and women as it was not the Of course I love my mommie thing happen to you. It's so easy local custom for them to attend very dearly;

to save this way! Only $7 a month public functions together. Missionary but she leaves all her dishes

at age 20... $9 a month at age work was halted in 1895 because of clean, or nearly.

in Turkey, disturbances and 40... political. $15 30.. at age a month So that is why there can be called elders the were American 50! $27, at age and a month no mistaking: later the years But two home.

situation improved, and missionary I much prefer that Grandma your per work was resumed. In 1898 the first does the baking.

savings year conference of the Turkish Mission earn the current was held in Aintab. Elder Anthon H.

big, new rate Lund of the Council of the Twelve was in attendance and branches name was changed from the Turkish at Aleppo, Aintab, and Zara (in to the Armenian Mission. President

the Black Sea region) were repDavid O. McKay, then a member of

resented. Altogether, 185 members the Council of the Twelve, and Mrs.

compounded including five native elders were McKay, were among the one hunsemi- present. dred persons in attendance. Confer-

N annually Elder Philip Maycock was susence addresses were made in five tained as president of the Turkish different languages—Armenian, TurkEnglish, Arabic, French. and Mission, susish, Elder and Hintze was

. savings Utah's first loan ass'n.. 78 years and

for faithin After laboring special great relation with work to secure. by tained Your insured accounts $10,000

an agency of the Federal government. to securing recognition for the fulness, in connection with his wife,

Church from the Turkish governthe only two missionaries of the ment and publication of literature Church in the area for several years, in Turkish and Armenian languages. Elder Booth died suddenly at

In 1899 a cloth factory was opened Aleppo, December 5, 1928 of a heart by the Saints at Aleppo with Zadyk ailment.

Aposhian, a native elder, as manager. Following are the names of the

The following year the Aintab presidents of the Turkish Mission:

branch began manufacturing TurkJacob Spori, 18851887; Ferdinand F.

33 E. First South - Salt Lake City ish rugs under direction of Elder Hintze, 18871889; Frederick Stauf4901 South State in Murray

196 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA fer, 18891891; Joseph F. Schoenfeld, Gaither, Rocky Mount, North CaroWriting a Family History

18911892; Don C. W. Musser, 1892lina, now teaching in the US Air

1894; Edward W. Robinson, 1894Force School near Baumholder, (Continued from page 163)

1895; Armanag S. Hagopian, 1895Germany.

1897; Philip S. Maycock, 18971899; family groups of her grandmothers

Ferdinand F. Hintze (second term), FOOTNOTES sons and daughters, but she did not

18991900; 1900Albert Herman, know what had become of most of Turkey Time, YalAhmed in My Emm Wilford1904; Booth, 1904and J. the descendants. University of man, 5. Press, p. Oklahoma1909 and 19211928.

Today there are approximately son,-Turkey,London,Lordp. 163.Kinross, Thames & HudordsI notedthat Cousinin one Angelineof the familyhad sentreceighty-five American known LDS that Pamelia's son Frank had The of History, Loom Herbert J. Mulme four servicein Turkey andmembers in Boise, died I in Idaho, 1934. ler, Harper p. 179. & Bros.,

men's groups organized under superJ2 Thess. 2:1-3; 2 Ne. 26:1011. felt sure that some of his descendvision of the Mediterranean District, 5 The Greatest Faith Ever Known, Fulton ants must be living there.

Mission. groupsFrench These I also learned that Frank's daughare Oursler, Doubleday & Co., p. 93. the capitalat Ankara, and second ter in living in the was old home Hhid., p. 94.

largest city; Izmir, Adana, and Kara7Muller, op. cit., p. 168. Ustic, Idaho, and that other daughmursel. of activity The percentage in Boise, that the son ters were and sIn the Steps St. Paul, H. V. Morton; ofis high, many members holding living original the on was homeCo. sevDodd, Mead, &

eral church positions. Ankara, the nEphesus Legends and Facts, Cemil stead near Arco, and that Frank's

largest LDS group, holds regular Toksoz, Yenilik Basimevi, Istanbul, p. 71. sister's family was scattered in

priesthood, Sunday School, and Sac- 1 "Morton, op. cit. Boise, Nampa, and other points in

rament meetings on Sunday, and Encyclopedia Britannica, Vol. 8 Idaho. Although they were opposed

Primary and Relief Society during (1960), p. 642. to Mormonism, they were coopera-

the week. Two local missionaries 12 Report from LDS Church Historian's tive in furnishing important records

labored among American nationals Office. for the book. I also received many

in Ankara until their reassignment last year. They are Miss Virginia

Fackrell, Salt Lake City, now with

US agricultural attache's office in Help make your companion the best missionary in

Djkarta, Indonesia, and Miss Mary the Church, and you will be right there with him.

$20 TradeIn at Standard Optical on the New

KEYSTONE K-808 ZOOM CAMERA Keystone's latest automatic electriceye zoom camera.

Fast fl.8 lens, coupled with viewfinder. Builtin filter.

Extra smooth manual zoom. Pistol grip.

Reg. $119.95

With TRADE $9995 Nothing Down Only $1.50 Week!

Come In, Phone, or Order by Mail Salt Lake: 273 South Main Deluxe 155 South Main Model—2190 Highland Drive

Complete Ogden:2443 Washington Blvd.

with Provo:

Pistol 161 West Center Street Grip as Idaho Falls:

Shown 446 Park Avenue

MARCH 1962 197 Does your child know why

I it published. had

leafsubscription it doesn't hurt when helpfulhere andlettersa keythatthere,gave aidingme a keyme enoughbeen sendingto haveout his hair is cut? (Do yjw?) records.to obtain many necessary family letsa year,withbutmyI lettersdid notforhavemoreenoughthan

In July 1954, I studied again in money to pay the printer. I conthe LDS Genealogical Library in tinued seeking orders. During these

Salt Lake City. I found other imdays I decided to brief my work to

portant data on Dr. Grigg's ancestry, reduce the cost.

including the line of his wife Therefore, during the next year,

Casandia Pell and her father's fam- I not only rewrote and polished and ily. After carefully checking census reduced it, but I also eliminated

records to verify and correct all twenty pages of pictures. I also

names and localities, I was learning included many additional births, that memories of people were not deaths, and marriages.

always reliable.

By August 1954 I had completed theI nowmany decidedfaithpromotingthat becausestoriesof manuscript, six than my now more from each generation, the book inhundred typewritten pages, should called Five be Generations of cluding one desigpages hundred

I finally Mormonism. sold home my pictures. this for nated time At to obtain the required to have money genealogical at class my Sunday the manuscript published. third The School to requested bring me my of I February Salt 1956, to went

into manuscript class give and City Lake and arranged with the a lesson on writing history. family a

After I arriving dropped home my manuscript.Deseret NewsThePresstypesettersto publishstartedmy

briefcase The of containing the Book Knowledge manuscript that on book very afternoon, my and of and picprecious some the more the next fifteen morning I had pages has the tures answer! chair in a on study, and my of galley sheets proof in my anxious visiting! friends. out went All the answers Anything that would hands. next three The months were

occur to children, everything that will When I arrived home late that happy ones. Finally the first three

fascinate them. It's a world of knowlevening the front door was wide hundred books came from the

directed edge to the colorful young: first open. thought for was My my bindery. I loaded into car them my history, art, of men animals, poetry, manuscript. Yes, briefcase was my delivering to and began them my the human bodyeven things to It gone! make I unbelievable! was was eagerly waiting relatives in and

! do and The of Book Knowledge is a stunned. of Seven years painstakSalt City. around next Lake My curious child's reward, a child's bored ing I labor gone, and not had made big undertaking the wrapping was delight, a gifted child's challenge. carbons. any I though Even had mailing of these and precious books

SEE FOR YOURSELF. SEND FOR THE FREE my notes and other records, I could to my everexpanding Grigg kindred

never duplicate work. my throughout the country. "MINIATURE"OF BOOK KNOWLEDGE I the to office, sheriffs went and the sustaining "spirit of May This free full 24 color page booklet they loss broadcast over the my Elijah"fairly that forth urged me contains actual science, pages of hisradio I advertised and in TV. newsnight and day, invite continue to art, tory, stories, quizzes, things to for papers the return of priceless my to after their seek mankind dead and make do other and informative manuscript, questions no asked. If kindred. Five Generations my of and entertaining features ditaken three During I days nights and leds anxious but Mormonism one rectly from The Book of Knowledge in humbled myself prayer, asking soul to accept of restored the gospel itself. it to Give child your and see the if to felt help Lord that he me Christ, Jesus time and eagerly money it. my how he reads it for Send to work was worthy my be brought will spent. indeed It's well have been today. it's free and wonderfull forth. third the I as day On arose

from my knees, I was instantly inTHE BOOK OF soired to offer a large cash reward for the safe return of the briefcase with intact. the contents This I did NIGHT CIRCUS

over theKNOWLEDGEopens -the door to success air and in the papers.

FREE 24 PAGE FULL COLOR BOOKLET The very next morning I found BY THELMA IRELAND

THE the priceless briefcase lying in my GrolierBOOK OPSociety The KNOWLEDGEInc.

575 Lexington Avenue, Stars walk the tightrope of the sky New York 22, N. Y. I front yard. The manuscript was

Please send the color booklet me described above. it somewhat rummled, but was all Like sequined acrobats at play. there! not The bothered culprit had - There are -children in ages - my family,

to claim the reward. My joy was They hold performances each night

Namebeyond measure!

Address- I now hurried the manuscript to But never play a matinee.

City- -Zone- a printer, but I lacked about five thousand dollars of having money

. i, State

; 3-62L CountymA 1962, Grolier Inc. mmmpublicationImprovementof Grolier Inc.E ra

198 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

WANT TO KNOW WHAT'S GOING ON TODAY IN BUSINESS? THTT

Robert W. Bernick, business editor for The Salt Lake

The Stakes of the Church Tribune, can and does tell you, daily, in The ly.

(Continued from page 171) Tribune. And his column: "Up and Down the Street"t/n Q

its necessary adjuncts, cords and tent covers the business news of the Intermountain Area pins ('stakes'). The area ('borders') = l in a way no one else can. Whether it's oil,

covered by the tent will necessarily depend upon the distances the tent rjfffl v mining, sales, industry or any other business cords are extended, and the strength V information, Bob Bernick knows it andof the erected tent in turn depends upon the materials out of which the tells it in...

stakes are made and the angle and ty distance they are sunk into the ialt fake fcibvme earth."(Sidney B. Sperry, Doctrine

and Covenants Compendium, 1960, 9 I ft pp. 301302.)

Kirtland, the first stake in this n, m <i t a dispensation, was organized Februmi ary 17, 1834, with the Prophet Joseph

Smith as its president. President i ij

|( V EMANCIPATION I Sft4 BY HELEN VIRDEN -SUft in ik 1010 Earth, hard with cold, MI Icelocked, Wintercramped;

Obstinate..r? yc%2>W I S1 With a brief stroke, \\4V*S5*4&I #

A sunivarmed hour..

Spring, promises Emancipation.

FOR YOU... New Profits

IN AN OUTSTANDING NEW BUSINESS OPPORTUNITYJoseph Fielding Smith in Essentials in Church History, lists eleven stakes 5PTSrvr.r*FS;T555gJV

that were organized during the

Prophet's lifetime. They were situated in Ohio, Missouri, Illinois, and One of America's top record manufacturers seeks qualified

Iowa. individuals to establish CUSTOM RECORDING BUSINESS under exclusive

The spring before his martyrdom, franchise. (In areas outside Utah, as all franchise districts in Utah

the Prophet Joseph Smith in addresshave already been filled.)

ing the Saints in the general conThis is an exceptional opportunity to own your own substantial ference sessions at Nauvoo, April 8, business and be associated with a leading manufacturer of records 1844, said in part: and albums with a nationwide reputation for quality and service.

'I have received instructions from Complete training and proven businessbuildingformula given, the Lord that from henceforth plus continuing management guidance and national advertiswherever the Elders of Israel shall ingandsalespromotion program.

build up churches and branches A minimum investment of $2300 required.

unto the Lord throughout the States, there shall be a stake of Zion. In

the great cities, as Boston, New York, &c, there shall be stakes. It is a

glorious proclamation, and I reserved it to the last, and designed it to be Century'swho appreciateownerstheoreopportunitytoactive L.D.S. For details,

understood that this work shall be associated with Church members. write to.

commence after the washings, Some of these who have recently anointing and endowments [temple taken advantage of this franchise ordinances] have been performed opportunity are:

here."(DHC 6:319.) Ted Hannan, 340 North St., Olympia, Wash.

Many of the eleven stakes that Jerry Tucker, 4323 Broadway, Shreveport, La.

Herschel Edmunds, 15203 Doty, Lawndale, Calif. CUSTOM RECORDING SERVICE

David Carrigan, Morgan, Utah Dept. E P.O. Box 308, Saugus, California

MARCH 1962 199

YOUR

SALT LAKE beforethe Prophetthe knewmartyrdom;were discontinuedall were wasbroughtplanned,the farthatplacestransportationof the worldhas

OPTICAL mentterminatedof the inexodus.the western moveimprovedclose to us.communicationsAdded to thatthatare perthe

Salt Lake Stake was organized mit us almost instantaneously to talk HEADQUARTERS October 3, 1847 after most of the to the Saints in the far areas of the presiding brethren had returned earth. The Church is being taken

EYEGLASSES uponQuarterstheirto trekbringeastwardtheir familiesto Winterwest. allcloserthe tohelpsthe ofpeoplethe auxiliarybecauseorgannow

CONTACT LENSES In point of service, Salt Lake Stake izations and the visits of General is the oldest stake in the Church. Authorities will be at their disposal,

ARTIFICIAL EYES When new stakes are now organized, and in turn this will bring the Saints and it is said that the new stake is of these faraway lands closer to the

HEARING AIDS the three hundredso-andso stake, Church. Truly it is a great blessing

it means that there are that many to the people to have a stake with

ANNOUNCING 4 LOCATIONS stakes functioning, counting Salt

Now in Murray Lake Stake as the first.

4792 South State President Brigham Young, during his administration, organized some LEMON DROPS

The stakes and started proceedings that BY SYLVIA E. NELSON

would lead eventually to stake orthe stakes of the partially and some And, oh, the memories—OPTICAL SHOP ganization in other areas. Some of I sucked upon a lemon drop stakes as discontinued formed were once again As I remembered

420 Boston Bldg. the critical period known as the How Papa used to tease

368 East First South "Utah War"(185758) closed in. In When he'd be coming home from

1062 East 2 100 South the period between April 7, and town,

EM 3-5262 August 19, 1877, ten stakes were And telling us to close our eyes, organized. President Young died How we'd hold out eager hands

Salt Lake City, Utah August 29, 1877. And wait for our surprise.

The first stake of this dispensation Small paper sacks of lemon drops, organized outside the borders of the Covered with sugared frost;

United States was the Alberta ( CanSo sweet, so hard, and then so tart;

ada) Stake, June 9, 1895, followed Such joy for little cost!

closely by the Juarez (Mexico) WHEAT MILL Stake, December 9, 1895.

ONLY Los Angeles Stake was organized, all the blessings that are associated

years nearly twelve 21, 1923, and $695 the first on the west coast, January with stake organization."(The ImEra, provement p. 420. June 1960,

call POSTPAID later joined the roll York New stake Zealand was That New ANYWHERE of stakes 1934. 16, on The December IN THE Stake Auckland named and was STATES UNITED following summer, 30, 1935, June of 18, 1958. the formed One May grinds or Cracks in organized Stake was Oahu corn things and the wheat, that remarkable stake about

all kinds of hard Hawaii. that reports various was the many grains, soft or Following World War II the lbs. per l'/2 min. ORDER arfrom the Auckland Stake would

BY MAIL GUARANTEED stakes of the Church multiplied rive at the Church headquarters in rapidly. This quickened pace was rethe City before Salt Lake same SPECIAL PRICES TO LDS GROUPS

after President became McKay Presiports Salt of the from some Lake in 1951. Larger of dent the Church did. stakes City PEHRSON HARDWARE creating stakes divided, more were stakes year 1960 The saw many

Salt Lake City 21 stakes 15 So. 1 lth East, for workers, opportunities and fields: in foreign organized Sydney

were being formed where there had (Australia), Manchester (England—

been no stake organizations before. the first in Europe); Toronto

AN INDEX FOR YOUR While President David O. McKay (Canada), Brisbane, Melbourne,

1961 IMPROVEMENT ERAS was still in New Zealand, following (Australia); Hamilton, Hawkes Bay

the dedication of the temple there, (New Zealand); Edmonton, VanMake your Era's marvelous reference volthe decision was announced to couver (Canada).

them, binding umes by in that area. a stake In complete with an organize these faraway year 1961 saw The for library. index, your home

of L. StapDelbert Elder the words stakes organized: Leicester London,

of are the Era Bound volumes also an ley of of the the Council Twelve, ( the first Holland to be ( England ); invaluable part of your LIBRARY. WARD apostles the the one of assigned continental task: organized on Europe);

1961 GET ERA INDEX YOUR BY SENDING to Berlin, Stuttgart taking the (England); the Church Leeds "We are

10c TO COSTS COVER HANDLING I relands. TO: people in the ( Switzerland faraway ) ); Swiss ( Germany

The Improvement Era member the word of President Hamburg (Germany); and Mexico

1 35 South State Street McKay, as the New Zealand Stake City (Mexico).

Salt Lake City 1 1, Utah

200 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

'*"W

On December 1, 1961 President Joseph Fielding Smith, the Church Long

Historian, ruled that henceforth historical reports coming to the Church Distance is

Historian's Office would be in the language of the Church group subone of the mitting them; the records would be happytranslated into English by the

Church Historian's office as needed. things

The Holland Stake was the first foreignlanguage stake of the Church, in life.

although the (Hawaii) Oahu stake Pick up partiallyin 1935 a foreignwas tongued stake. Many of our Dutch your phone

members have some command of English, as have our membership in and other lands, but that the language barrier is real this: go visiting is attested by

"It is likely quite Holland the new—tonight!

... willStake as the Holbe known

land Ring as the Dutch,"according MOUNTAIN to Elder Frank Y. Kooyman, former STATES **.

Netherlands Mission president and TELEPHONE VftJ an employee of the Church Historian's Office, "have no other name than 'ring'to describe the group of wards and branches that make up a stake in Church government."

"The equivalent of a stake to hold down the tent of Israel, as mentioned in the Dutch Bible, is called a 'tent pin.'"("Church Section"of

The Deseret News—Salt Lake Telegram, May 6, 1961, p. 5. Stake Presidents, Bishops, Music Committees, Teachers and

Sometimes a mission area labors Home Owners:

many years with the cherished goal Before purchasing any organ, investigate thoroughly of becoming a stake of Zion. Then

that moment arrives. Recently, in The Allen Solid State

the area to the be called Swiss Stake, * Superior Tone QualityPresident Henry of D. the Moyle

First Presidency presided. He was * Immediate Response

assisted by Elders Alvin R. Dyer and * Minimum of Service

Nathan Eldon Tanner, Assistants to the Council of the Twelve. * Longer Life

President Moyle began his open- * Greater Satisfaction ing remarks with "This... is the Write For Free Pamphlets

most important and historical event in the history of the Church in Summerhays Music Co. Inc.

Switzerland."3719 South State St. Dept. 4 Salt Lake City, Utah

All three members of the Swiss

Stake presidency are natives of

Switzerland. President Wilhelm

Friedrich Lauener is fortythree

S THE is CENTER OF ofyears age, a consulting and

CONVENIENCE firm. aengineer with Swiss He has (

had the advantage of having lived in rt**-m, K NEW AMERICACalifornia for four and a half years COOO/4 MOTEL in of stake a ward and the Church ROOMSSHOP 320BEAUTYBEAUTIFULMAINSALONAt EIFTH. BSOUTHABBESthere. of - a president was once He

an elders'quorum in America. Elder

Roland Datwyler, who is first counselor, is thirtyone years old, and has served as president of an elders'in Mission, the Swissquorum and salt lake city filled ofhas a branch and number

MARCH 1962 201. )

district assignments. Elder Hans The Church Moves On Now Ringger, second counselor, is thirty-

( Continued from page 146 Available six,enceandas hasa hadsupervisorconsiderableof AaronicexperiPriesthood activities in the Swiss Memberships of the CorreMission. The Swiss Stake comif lation Committees announced

... for a limited time only a prises five wards, two independent last October conference were

40MINUTE, FULLCOLOR EDUbranches, and a number of decompleted and announced. They

are of the Elder Harold B. Lee branches. CATIONAL FILM packed with pendent of general Council the Twelve, the meeting President During

the lastest SEWING TECHNIQUES Moyle addressed the Saints saying: chairman, with Antone K. Romney,

-SHOWN FREE to your RE- "Nothing happens in the Church executive secretary; Elder Marion

LIEF SOCIETY or any other which isn't right with the members. G. Romney of the Council of the

organized group. See how to... We are the Church. When the Twelve, chairman of the adult corresave Vi the work in sewing Church makes progress, we make lation committee, with Wendell J.

fit a pattern correctly progress.... Members are not Ashton and Christine H. Robinson

eliminate that "homemade"look completely converted until they have committee members, and Reed H.

AND MUCH MORE aided in the conversion of someone Bradford, secretary; Elder Richard

else."L. Evans of the Council of the

corTwelve, chairman of the youth inspiration, proper the Under

L. committee, with Lowell direction stakes of relation the Simply mail this coupon guidance, and

Zion have been, and will continue Bennion and Edith F. Shepherdr SEWING MOVIE 1 to be, organized in the earth. Each committee members, and Daniel H.

484 I BOX secretary;i Elder B. Ludlow, Gordon a reservoir of strength stake becomes 10, S.L.C. Utah

of the Hinckley of the Council I fori the Church.

like to have a Yes, would group our children's of the chairman of baptism the covenant At we are Twelve, sewing of free your film oni showing techniques. no longer American, British, Dutch, correlation committee, with Marion

My Name German, or dozens of other nation- G. Merkley, Arta M. Hale, and

i alities, but brothers and sisters in Catherine E. Edwards committee

i Address I the Church and kingdom of God. members, and B. West Belnap,

I As wards and stakes are organized secretary.

City Phone I in our midst, we are given the priviStake, the 346th..J lege of more fully accepting our Cumorah

responsibilities as members of the stake now functioning, was

Church. organized from parts of the

States Elder Mission by there the close of 1961 At were Eastern$6.44ANH0UR Stapley of the Delbert L. Council stakes functionorganized 345 and

STEP INTO THIS BOOMING ing. ( Twentysix had been organized of the Twelve and Elder Franklin INDUSTRY YEAR >19 BILLION A Assistant to Richards, the Counis D. year.) stake the during Each and of Hundreds cil of Elder Twelve. Bryant the W. this losses will happenaccidents to, of equal the but a part Church,

in your community. year as president sustained Rossiter was to We'll you how show all to, others. in the superior no way

adjust investigate and stake of the Victor Elders B. with insurlosses for these

railcompanies, ance his as Clair R. Claridge and Jex roads, government

tools You NO counselors. in the 2,076 Wards 'offices.equipment. or do buyYou NO

selling. prior need You Falls, NO stake at are Niagara member

education. you experience or higher And

Right out home. of your operate own can Palmyra, Rochester, Buffalo, and for the UN an Crossroads $6.44 average Investigators Accident independentnow

partStart the to same. quickly train do you are at Syracuse.hour. We'll Lockport, Branches

InvestiFill for Accident if the need an employed.time now

explains reservation, booklet specialist area. in Colorful your pagegation Indian Cattaragus (Continued from 142)

part. your obligation no on Absolutelyeverything.

InPerry, Fulton. Waterloo, and

in the Nations United stake's the are in The the area UN. cluded for FREE BOOK MAIL NOW Participation of the Act United Smith Sacred Grove where Joseph

l UNIVERSAL SCHOOLS first States (Public 79th vision, his 264, Conreceived and Fayette, Hillcrest Law Dept. Ave., 6801 N-3

Dallas 5, Texas gress) passed the Senate by a vote Seneca County, New York, where rush Please me your FREE book on Accident |

Investigation. This does not obligate me and of 65 to 7, the House by 344 to 15, the Church was organized April 6,

no salesman will call. and was approved by President 1830.

Name Age J Harry S Truman December 20, Pomona Stake was organized from 1945. This act provided for the parts of Mt. Rubidoux (California)

Address participation by the United States Stake by Elder LeGrand Richards

City State. Zone in the UN, provided that US repreof the Council of the Twelve and

for Veterans Training) (Approved by Government sentatives "shall, at all times, act in Elder Henry D. Taylor, Assistant to

accordance with the instructions of the Twelve. Elder Vern R. Peel,

the President transmitted by the Secwho was serving as president of Mt.

retary of State,"and further set Rubidoux Stake, was sustained as

Keep your Eras by binding them in Improvement

Era binders. Avai able now for only $2.00. forth the responsibilities of the president of the Pomona Stake, with

Send your check or money order to American President with respect to Elders Frank E. Finlayson and

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA US participation. Hyrum P. Hatch as counselors.

135 South State Street Salt Lake City 11, Utah

202 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Pomona Stake has about 3,500 memBETWEEN bers in five wards: two each in

...Pomona and Ontario and one in TEMPLE SQUARE VISITS

Chino. Elder W. Gordon Hendry,

who served as second counselor to enjoy a snack at Hotel Utah's delightful new

President Peel in the Mt. Rubidoux 1

Stake as presidency, succeeded him... in thestake president. are counselors His BOWL'!! BASKET

Elders Richard Christensen and lower lobby, opposite

Harold L. Fisher. Elder Gilbert M. the Coffee Shop

Allred, who served as first counselor entrance.

to President Peel in the old stake presidency, was released. Mt. Open 6 a.m. to

Rubidoux Stake has approximately 12 midnight.

3,765 members in the Arlington, Tasty food...

Riverside, Corona, Elsinore, Hemet, fast service...Mira, and Perris wards and the

Sherman Indian Branch. Pomona is pleasant surroundings!

the 347th stake now functioning in the Church. HOTEL UTAH

Elder Orin R. Woodbury sucHome of the famous SKY Room

ceeded President Wendell J.

Ashton as president of East Mill Creek (Salt Lake area) Stake with Elders Aldon J. Anderson andWilliam D. Callister as counselors. HERE'S TO

Both President Woodbury and Elder

Anderson served President Ashton as BETTER HEALTH & APPEARANCE counselors. Unlike suits or dresses, the body we are born

B. Elder Lawrence Johnson

It pruis therefore life time. last us a must suswith

as oftained president Woodruff it in all to keep our that power dent do we Stake, succeeding(UtahIdaho)

President Alonzo F. Hopkin, defit and trim. Today, with so many labor savneces- the exercise get of us devices, ing few Presidentceased. counJohnson's

.. in our tone sary our muscles to keepselors Elders are Wilburn Bowns J. exercise Fitzen's gyms. have weight down. Both President McKinnon.and Lynn

fill to for designed both and men women as Elder served andJohnson Bowns counselors to the late President this gap in our health rules. Both have priHopkin. vate dressing rooms and showers. The antiseptically clean gyms and equipment make

call profitable. Write, pleasant andFebruary 1962 exercise

will particulars. in for full be or drop You

February marked the annual under no obligation.

drive for birthday pennies for the support of the Primary Children's Hospital in Salt Lake

City. FITZEN'S

"The Goals of Scouting in the Church"was the theme of HEALTH SYSTEMS a Boy Scout Sunday observance noted in special meetings in 1470 South State Salt Lake City, Utah many of the wards and branches of the Church. Later this week a

sons'parents'evening fun and was wrap DRINK The most economical food families. for Scout Scoutto be held

in the States United wasWeek 7-14. to you can use: ficqo A delightful In February Canbe observed

ada, Scout Week comes later in the KITCHEn CHARIT1 whohot beveragedon't drinkforcoffee.those

month to include the birthdate of WAXED PAPER -. AT YOUR GROCERS

scouting's founder, Lord BadenPowell. Other nations have desigfor their other timesnated Scout BRONZE PLAQUES this Generally speaking,Week. Dignified, plaques unob'rusive VACATION generosity. your signifying ScoutChurch held program was

aluor bronze Handtooled POLE RANCH HEAVEN ofnear their the time Scout HONOR minum. Week. city of Watertemple Alberta, and Cardston Located between

it boss. the be you WRITE ton Park. want National you FOR CATALOG Ranch theway RO Life.: > I

masses. thebedroom 3 private the—Canada,Modern Absolutely crowded lifefrom away—BROTHERS, INC family NEWMAN groups suited Especially for fireplace. ranch housekeeping home—

early to avoid disappointment. reservations hosts). (L.D.S. your Make O. 3, Cincinnati 677 W. 4 St.,

Canada. Alberta, Reeder, Cardston 452, and Maxine Box Write Lynn

MARCH 1962 203 Personal are expected to look after the temWelfare poral and economic needs of quorum

Committees members. Among other things they

may be asked to:

1. Supervise projects designed to raise quorum

funds. 2. Help to support quorum members or others

in the mission field to the extent necessary.

3. Aid in looking after the economic welfare of

the families of missionaries.

4. Teach and encourage quorum members to work

on church welfare projects.

5. Rehabilitate, help procure employment or find

better employment for quorum members whose economic status needs improving.

6. Assist bishops in their welfare functions, including obtaining the necessary information from quorum

members for the welfare green cards.

7. Arrange transportation to church functions for

quorum members who need it.

Personal Welfare Committees

You, last month, considered the objectives of e. Take up each item above listed and ask for sugthe quorum and a method of acquiring quorum gestions on how to apply it. Don't talk much.

committees in order to give the greatest opporPersuade the committee to talk. No matter

tunity to unassigned and inactive men. Now how poor the suggestions, give full consideration

let us follow the management of the personal to each. If it is to be rejected, let the rejection

welfare committee as it meets and prepares come from discussion, not from the chairman's its program. arbitrary decision.

f. After a good hour—no more—dismiss, after arranging another meeting at the home of one

of the committeemen, about a week later. You

EP 3. (Each of the counselors holds a meetshould not have covered all the objectives, but

ing of his committee in like manner.) if you have, ask the men to try to think up

These are the steps to take: some ideas during the week.

g. At the next meeting resolve the ideas of the

a. Tell the members of the committee the time and previous meeting, as well as others thought of

place of the meeting. (Your home is good.) during the. week, into recommendations that all

b. Arrange with your wife to serve some light can accept and support. The more of the ideas

refreshments at the close of the -meeting. of the members you use and the less of your

c. Commence the meeting with prayer. (Perhaps own, the better.

you should offer the prayer this time, until you h. Explain to the committee that you now have to

know your men better.) present the recommendations to the presidency

d. Explain the limits of the committee. and to the quorum. Ask them to be at the quo-

1. It is a planning committee. rum meeting to help you support the recom-

2. It does not make decisions, only recommendations there presented.

mendations. (Each committee will have done the same type

3. Once Recommendations are approved by the of work.)

quorum presidency and the quorum, it then puts the decisions into operations.

4. Its field is outlined on pages 2425 of the The meeting of the Presidency

Melchizedek Priesthood Handbook. a. Now present your recommendations to the other

204 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA members of the presidency. Each of the mem- a. An agricultural project.

bers will have a set of recommendations to b. An assessment of each member.

present. It is the job now to correlate all recom- c. Fund raising socials.

mendations and decide which to present to the 3. They agree to all three methods.

quorum for approval. 4. Appoint task committees.

b. Report to the secretary which men were invited a. To investigate land, crop, and livestock possito serve, which accepted, which came to your bilities.

meetings, and how they responded—this goes on b. Divide the quorum to be visited and pledged.

the activity record. Arrange for two men to call on each member

c. End up with decisions on which recommendations to pledge his amount per month. This should

considered in item "a"to recommend to the quorequire six or seven task committees of 2 men rum at its next meeting. These when accepted each.

will be the quorum program for the year. They 5. Assign the standing committee on church servcan be added to or revised as conditions warrant. ice to organize a socal.

At the end of the meeting if it is not too late, make 6. Arrange for the next committee meeting in two

social calls on quorum members—active and inactive. weeks. Designate the date, place, and time.

This is a neverending job each week. Use other 7. Check up constantly on progress between

evenings for it too. To achieve success will take many meetings.

evenings and many visits. At this meeting—growing out of the need for action

based on decision—you will have appointed several

task (or sub) committees. This is the crux of quorum

STEP 5. work. The committees create activity, but it is orExecution of approved plans—How to do it! ganized activity in harmony with approved objectives.

Let us assume that one item approved is that you In like manner each of the chairmen of the other two are going to support a missionary in the mission field committees meet their committees and implement for 50% of his expense. We shall assume that this them and other task committees to do their work.

will be $40 per month, and that the quorum voted As soon as each task is completed the member is an assessment. released from it, but available for more work. The

1. Call a meeting of the committee. success of this effort will be indicated by the total

2. Present the problem to them. They could sugtask committees on which a man serves in the year.

gest one of the following: (To be continued in the April Improvement Era)

SUGGESTIONS FOR THE STAKE MELCH1ZEDEK PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE

Last month suggestions were made on methods 3. Have them help you decide which men are to

which may be used to obtain functioning presidencies. be asked to serve as task committeemen (2 or 3

You were invited to follow up with discussion of the to a committee).

principles and methods thus used at the next Priest- 4. Decide who will ask the men to serve.

hood leadership meeting. 5. Discuss ways of checking up to get the job done.

Now, at the second leadership meeting you will 6. Be sure to discuss what to do about those who

meet the presidency as committee chairmen. Many refuse to serve. Try to give concrete suggestions

will not understand how to go about organizing comfor visits by presidents or quorum members to mittee work, how to assign task committees. Be sure warm these people.

you understand—that your picture is clear—then, 7. Show how when each task is completed the comAt the leadership meeting hold a demonstration mittee is released.

meeting of the committee as follows:

A good discussion in the form of a working demon- 1. Assume that the quorum has approved the stration will build up in the weaker presidencies the

projects submitted. Choose one to be completed. courage to try, and will take advantage of the experi-

(You name it.) ences of the members who are stronger.

2. Have the members help you divide the project Remember that the purpose of all of this is to make

into tasks (or jobs to be done). inactive men become active.

MARCH 1962 205 HE

"I thank my earthly father for the lesson he gave PRESIDING to two boys in a hayfield at a time when tithes were

meadow where we had harvested the ninth load. The BIS HOPKICS paid in kind. We had driven out to a part of the

hay on this side of the field was not very good hay. As

we started to load the hay, Father called out, 'No, boys, drive over to the higher ground.'The best hay DACE

we had was on the higher ground.

"One of the boys called back. 'No, let us take the

hay as it comes!''No, David, this is the tenth load,

and the best is none too good for God.'"(Adapted

from Pathways to Happiness by David O. McKay,

p. 333.) When the children of Israel were in need of food while in the wilderness, the Lord sent manna from heaven to sustain their lives. When these same people

were fleeing from the armies of Pharaoh in an effort to leave their bondage in Egypt, he divided the Red

Sea to provide an escape. When the hordes of crickets

were about to devour completely the crops of the

Saints in the Salt Lake Valley, the Lord sent the sea gulls to the rescue. Our Father in heaven is allpowerful, and he does not need our gold and silver.

is not dependent upon man. He has the power, ifTITHING IS A LAW OF THE LORD God

necessary, to rain money from heaven.

Tithing is a voluntary contribution of onetenth of The law of tithing is given to be a blessing to the a person's income to the Church. The word tithe people. It is to help the members of the Church

means "tenth."This law was revealed anciently and overcome selfishness, learn obedience, and is a practiwas obeyed and taught by early prophets. This same cal method of establishing the kingdom of God upon

law has been restored to the earth in these latter days the earth. Through our voluntary contributions, we

for the observance of the members of Christ's Church. become more considerate of the welfare of others, and

As an example of its ancient observance, Abraham paid we test our loyalty to the Church. The principle of

tithing to Melchizedek, who was a great high priest tithing is truly a measuring rod of our faithfulness.

as recorded in Genesis 14:1820. We should always No person can remain true to God and fail to pay

remember that, "The earth is the Lord's, and the fulan honest tithing. It requires faith to contribute

ness thereof; the world, and they that dwell therein."voluntarily the substance which we are prone as

(Psalm 24:1.) This passage brings to our attention mortals to value so highly.

that as we return to the Lord onetenth, we are only Sometimes people are heard to make disparaging returning part of that which already belongs to him, remarks about the use of the tithing funds, implying and that the ninety percent we keep is also in the waste or misappropriation of funds. Experience has

possession of the Lord. taught that those who complain about the use of the

The bishop has been designated through revelation tithes are those who do not contribute. In the busito receive the tithes of the people, and every member ness world, if a person is not a stockholder in a parof the Church is under solemn obligation to pay his ticular corporation, he has no right to voice or vote

tithing honestly. As you know, in the early days of in its management or in its policies. The funds of

the Church it was a common practice to pay tithing the Church are kept as accurately as a bank or any in kind or in the commodities that each family was other financially responsible organization. The books

raising such as potatoes, cattle, etc. President David of the Church are submitted to regular audit to insure

O. McKay gives us a good example of paying an that proper bookkeeping and accounting procedures

honest tithing: are being followed.

206 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The tithes are distributed to meet the needs of the at Kirtland, Ohio, September 11, 1831, the Lord stated:

Church under the inspiration of the prophets and "Behold, now it is called today until the coming president of the Church. Every chapel that is erected of the Son of Man, and verily it is a day of sacriis partly financed through the tithing funds. These fice, and a day for the tithing of my people; for he

funds are used to further the missionary work, and that is tithed shall not be burned at his coming."

to support our church schools, temples, hospitals, (D&C 64:23.)

seminaries, and to assist the needy. It is suggested that each one read and study

Every member of the Church has the right and the section 119 of the Doctrine and Covenants for addiduty to meet with the bishop annually and check over tional information on the subject of tithing. Tithing

his tithing record. This provides an opportunity for is also a means which the Lord has of testing the

him to declare whether or not he is a full tithepayer. faithfulness of the members of the Church. President

The Lord has declared that we gain blessings in life Joseph F. Smith supplies the following observations:

by obedience to various laws. To those who are "The law of tithing is a test by which the people

faithful and honest in the payment of their tithes, as individuals shall be proved. Any man who fails

the Lord has promised blessings: to observe this principle shall be known as a man

"Will a man rob God? Yet ye have robbed me. But who is indifferent to the welfare of Zion, who neglects

ye say, Wherein have we robbed thee? In tithes and his duty as a member of the Church, and who does

offerings. nothing toward the accomplishment of the temporal

"Ye are cursed with a curse: for ye have robbed me, advancement of the kingdom of God. He contributes

even this whole nation. nothing, either, toward spreading the gospel to the

"Bring ye all the tithes into the storehouse, that nations of the earth, and he neglects to do that which there may be meat in mine house, and prove me now would entitle him to receive the blessings and ordiherewith, saith the Lord of hosts, if I will not open nances of the gospel."(Gospel Doctrine, Joseph F.

you the windows of heaven, and pour you out a Smith, p. 226.)

blessing, that there shall not be room enough to It doesn't matter if we have wealth or if our subreceive it."(Malachi 3:8-10.) stance is meager—tithing should be paid as demonIn a revelation given to the Prophet Joseph Smith strated by the widow's mite. (Mark 12:4244.)

ward teaching supplement MAKING THE DESERT BLOSSOM AS A ROSE

To glance over the sunbaked valley of Great Salt of peace where their descendants coidd serve God

Lake in 1847 we would note the resemblance to the unmolested. We must always remember not only

"land of desolation"spoken of in the Book of Mormon; the attainments but also the faith, courage, toil,

yet the prophetic vision of Isaiah foretold of the heartaches, and joys which are necessary ingredients transformation of this wilderness into a spot of beauty. to secure worthwhile objectives.

"... the desert shall rejoice, and blossom as the rose. Their deep struggle should inspire us today with

"It shall blossom abundantly, and rejoice even with a program of constant beautification and preventive joy and singing:..."(Isaiah 35:1-2.) maintenance. Reliance has been placed upon us indiThe sturdy Mormon pioneers as a result of their vidually and collectively to maintain and increase the

accomplishments will ever stand as a symbol of beauty of our specific surroundings. To paint, repair,

industry, thrift, and imagination to all the world. build, and improve our homes, yards, farms, ami all

Modern irrigation, which began in the Salt Lake other possessions are important duties. The Latterday

Valley in 1847, was an answer to the needs of the Saints have always been an industrious people. The

thirsty land. Their irrigation methods conquered way we look is frequently the determining factor

drought and converted desolate waste into productive which influences the answering of the question, "Do farms. you want to know more?"Beauty attracts. True

Let us never forget the feats accomplished by our Latterday Saints must attract like the beauty of forebears whose desires were to establish a haven the rose.

MARCH 1962 207 i

K TODAY'S FAMILY FLORENCE B. PINNOCK, EDITOR

Very much like old Mother Hubbard's cupboard our shelves too can be empty at this time of year. What has happened

to the row on row of glasses of jams and jellies? In the fall

the fruit cupboard looked like a vault, holding precious gems of many colors. The garnet of raspberry jam, emeralds of

mint jelly, rows of rubies in the form of glasses of strawberry and cherry jam, and glass after glass of opals in the delicious form of apple and apricot marmalades—a treasury with much

more value to a hungry child than real jewels!

There comes a time when the last luscious spoonful is gone. This does not need to be disastrous even though the

fruit trees are barren and the fresh source of fruit depleted in March. These many glasses can be refilled with jams

made of citrus fruits, dried, and frozen fruits—jellies miraculously concocted from canned and frozen fruit juices and

punch extracts! You can can in March, set a day aside to

fill all those empty glasses.

We can replenish our shelves, can we replenish ourselves?

Do you become empty, stale, and in need of refilling? "The

world is so full of a number of things I think we should all be as happy as kings."I am not sure that saying still holds

good, the first part is true, the world is so full of so many things to learn, to see, and to do that no one ever should be bored. About being happy as kings with all their problems,

etc., I would just as soon be me with this wonderful world

to discover and enjoy. We can replenish ourselves in many

ways, first by reading discriminately. Reading is a lovely

habit. How satisfying it is to know what others think and

feel and do. This helps to make our pattern of life clearer

cut. A habit can only be formed by doing a thing over and

over again. Set aside a refilling time each day. It may

be a half hour early in the morning, an hour at lunch time, or a few minutes before going to bed to hold a book and read and read. Vary your reading; have three or four books in

the process of being absorbed at one time. It is fun to be

reading one or two of the top ten books of the year. It will

give you a part in any conversation, then there is always a popular nonfiction book to keep you upto-date. Don't

forget that very special interest of yours, whether it be weaving, genealogy, child psychology, ceramics, cooking, music, gardening, or history. There are books upon books just

waiting to be devoured. To balance all this the four standard

works have so much to offer to make your foundation sturdy.

Did you know that if you read just six pages every day in one year you could read the Bible, Book of Mormon, Doctrine and Covenants, and the Pearl of Great Price? If you do

this conscientiously, you will form a good habit. Read six

pages every day, but if you skip one day you must read twelve pages the next day, and if you neglect that, you have eighteen pages to read, and soon you will be lost.

Another way to replenish oneself is to be constantly aware of everything around. Use all your senses to aid this

JOARCH 1962 209 EEEED awareness. Be awake and aware of Carropine Marmalade

beauty and moods. Be willing to

be quiet and listen to others. Then 4 cups grated raw carrots

be courageous enough to'live what 2 cups crushed pineapple you have learned. All this adds up Vz cup lemon juice

FOLDING to a whole person. 1 tablespoon grated lemon rind

PEDESTAL TABLES Back now to replenishing those 6 cups sugar

Direct from factory savempty jam and jelly cupboards.

ing to Churches, Schools, Oranges, lemons, and grapefruit are Combine the ingredients and stir

Clubs, zations. LodgesMONROEand all organi1962 always in season. These fruits over low heat until sugar dissolves.

Folding Banquet Tables are make the best marmalade in the Then bring to a boil and cook for "i for quality, unmatched duraworld. We can vary these marmatwo minutes. Remove from heat bility, convenience and handsome appearance. 94 models and sizes for lades with other fruits and vegeand add Vz cup pectin. Stir well.

every use. Write for tables such as rhubarb, pineapple, Skim and fill hot sterilized jars.

FREEBIG 1962 CATALOG cherries, and carrots. Makes 8 glasses.

Full lineColorpictures. tables, chairs, MONROE

table and chair trucks, platformrisers, portable partitions. Write today! Carrot and Orange Marmalade Orange Marmalade

THE MONROE CO.. 249 Church St., Colfax, Iowa

6 oranges 18 thinskinned oranges 6 carrots 4 lemons HAWAII & THE 3 lemons 2 quarts water

WORLD'S FAIR Equal in weight of sugar sugar "CENTURY 21"Grind the carrots, cook until Wash and slice oranges and

IN SEATTLE tender. Slice thin peeled lemons; lemons as thin as possible. Cover

Combined in one Wonderful slice oranges, using 2 of the orange with water and let stand overnight.

Trip. Leave April 9th, the day rinds. Cook slowly for 2 hours. Cook slowly until tender (about 2

following the close of April Add sugar and let stand overnight. hours). Measure the cooked fruit

Conference. You will enjoy Boil until thick and put in jars the and add an equal amount of sugar.

traveling with YOUR KIND OF next morning. Cook the mixture until it jells from

PEOPLE. the spoon.

Rhubarb Citrus Marmalade For con.piete details write or phone

Canned Fruit Jam Vida Fox Clawson 4 pounds rhubarb—sliced in small

Travel Service pieces 2 cups canned fruit with a little of 216 South 13th East, Salt Lake City, Ut. 2 oranges its juice included (use canned

Tel. DA 8-0303 or EL 9-8493 1 lemon raspberries, cherries, apricots,

Remember: The Best in the 1 pound seedless raisins pears, peaches, plums)

West Travel with 5 pounds sugar 3 cups sugar

Us Combine rhubarb with oranges 2 cup liquid pectin and lemon which have been put Crush fruit and add sugar and the food through chopper, add for boil boiling point to and bring let sugar stand and raisins and 30 thorpectin, 1 mix minute. Add THE boil minutes. Bring to a and simmer Cool minute. boil for one oughly, from 45 minutes to one hour, stirring

Pour into sterilized jars IMPROVEMENT constantly. slightly, skim, and pour into glasses; cover with paraffin. and seal.

ERA Cherry Marmalade Dried Fruit Jam

AN IDEAL GIFT FOR 4 oranges 1 cup softened, cut up dried fruit

Weddings, Birthdays, Service- 1 lemon IV2 cups sugar men, Missionaries, Friends, 6 cups sugar juice of 1 lemon

New Members Vz cup water V4 cup liquid pectin 1 no. 2 can crushed pineapple

Lovely gift card sent 1 small bottle maraschino cherriesDried peaches, prunes, dates, in your name cut in pieces apricots, figs, or raisins may be used alone or in combination. Soak fruit

Send only $3.00 for Put the oranges and lemon several hours in hot water to cover.

12 big issues to through the food chopper. Mix all Remove stones, cut fine, and measingredients together. Bring to a ure fruit. Add water to fill cup to

the fruit to overflowing. boil, Add sugar 45 minutesabout simmer The Improvement boil point and bring to boiling sterilized stirring. glasses and Pour into

boil and minute. for one Add pectin with paraffin. Makes and cover Era

slightly Cool for briskly one minute. seven 8 oz. glasses.

135 South State Street Salt Lake City 11, Utah

210 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Gold Ribbon Winner at Illinois State Fair gives you her recipe for and pour into sterilized glasses.

paraffin.Cover with

Roanoke RollsSpring Conserve "This recipe has been a favorite of mine for years,"8 cups rhubarb cut in 1 inch pieces says Miss Olivia Kempf of Roanoke, Illinois. "And

for the best Ribbon year Gold it won me the2 fresh pineapple, finely cut last cups f"M J Illinois Fair. State at the I hope yeast baking8 cups sugar

to soon. be sure recipe And try my use ||juice grated and rind of 2 oranges you'll

It's Yeast. so Active Fleischmann's Dry walnuts choppedV2 cup

I rising. fast always dependable, and

know you'll have good luck Bring the pineapple, rhubarb, with Fleischmann's, too."

orange rind, juice, and the sugar to until it is thick,a boil. Simmer

stir / ROANOKE ROLLS Makes about 5 dozen rollsto burning. prevent from Remove

1 1 milk. water cup cup very warm nuts. Fill steriheat the and add

Vi sugar Fleischmann's Yeast, or cup 2 cakes packages jars.lized Seal paraffin. with Will 1 salt active or tablespoon dry compressed

make nine 8 oz. glasses. 6 tablespoons 3 eggs, beaten

Fleischmann's Margarine 9 cups sifted flour (about)

Frozen Cranberry Conserve Scald milk; stir in sugar, salt, and marcutter. Crease heavily through center

garine. Cool to lukewarm. Measure very with dull edge of knife; brush lightly with

warm water into large bowl. Sprinkle or melted margarine. Fold over so edges

2V2 cups sugar crumble in Fleischmann's Yeast; stir to just meet; seal. Place in greased shallow

2 cups water dissolve. Blend in lukewarm milk mixpans with rolls touching. Cover, Let rise

1 pound of fresh or frozen cranuntilture, beatensmooth.eggs,Addandremaininghalf the flour.flour untilBeat inhour.warmBakeplaceat 350F.until 2025doubled,minutesaboutuntil

berries dough cleans sides of bowl. Turn out onto golden brown. Remove from oven. Brush

1 cup light raisins lightlysmooth, flouredabout 10board.minutes.KneadPlaceuntilin tops with melted margarine immediately.

V2 cup slivered almonds greased bowl; turn to grease all sides.

V2 cup thinly sliced candied ginger Cover.draft, untilLet risedoubled,in warmaboutplace, Wafreehours.from

Divide in half. Roll out each half about

Combine sugar, water, cranberries, %-inch thick. Cut with 2 '/i -inch biscuit

and raisins in saucepan. Bring to

boil and simmer 25 minutes. Add \ ANOTHER FINE PRODUCT OF STANDARD BRANDS INCORPORATED—/

almonds and ginger, simmer 1 minute. Ladle into sterilized jelly

glasses, seal with paraffin. Makes

seven 6 ounce glasses.

Punch Jelly

4 cups bottled Hawaiian punch 1 package pectin 6 level cups sugar NATIONAL Add pectin to punch juice. Stir

stirring to boil,well bring and conEXPANSION OFFERstantly. sugar. the measured Add

Mix well. Bring to a full rolling

boil, boil exactly 2 minutes. Remove New, fastselling, accepted ladies'product by REVIVE

from heat. Skim carefully. Pour of Hollywood that can bring you big income, is now

into sterilized jars. Seal with parafgoing nationwide. The company is now appointing sales

fin at once.

MCP Pectin Company gives us agents in the intermountain areas of Idaho, Utah, Arizona recipes for bottled grape juice jelly, and Nevada as well as certain areas of California, Oregon apple cider jelly, and frozen fruit and Washington.

jam. These recipes make delicious You operate in your own community, building bigger

dainties. profits each day and a happier security for tomorrow.

Bottled Grape Juice Jelly Write today for full, free information and literature.

2 cups Concord grape juice REVIVE OF HOLLYWOOD 1 package MCP pectin 6000 Sunset Blvd.

1 cup water Hollywood 28, California 3V2 cups sugar

Measure grape juice and water into a 4 quart kettle. Stir in the

::... i:"h

-MARCH 1962 211 Billy Kid MCP Pectin. Heat to boil, then

add sugar. Bring to a rolling boil f and boil exactly 2 minutes. Remove the eyes have it for SPLINTERS

heat. from into Skim pour and

the new narroweddown look in boy's glasses. Seal prepared paraffin. with

Texans by Billy the Kid. The mastermaker of boyswear tailors WESTWILL, Apple Cider or Apple Juice Jelly

a 100% cotton fineline longwear twill, into neat, handsome slacks that fit and 3 cups apple cider or apple juice feel as if they're measuremade just for 1 package MCP pectin him. They're Qualisized, that's why!—4 cups sugar

which means they're age size conformed Measure the apple cider or juice, to fit him perfectly during any of his add the pectin and stir well. Place

boy's years. over hot fire and bring to a boil,

stirring constantly. Add the sugar,

Sizes 6 to 12 - 3.98 Sizes 26 to 34 - 4.98 mix well, continue stirring, and bring

Available at department stores and boy's to full rolling boil. Boil exactly 2

shops throughout the Rocky Mountain region minutes. Remove from heat, skim,

and at and pour into sterilized glasses and seal with paraffin.

Frozen Fruit Jam

3-10 ounce packages frozen strawin Salt Lake City berries or frozen red raspberries y2 cup hot water l package of MCP pectin l cup light Karo corn syrup 4 level cups sugar V4 cup fresh lemon juice (for strawberry jam)

berries the thoroughly. Thaw Do $20 95 not crush. Put them in a 4 quart

Minimum purchase: two tables) kettle. Add the hot water. Place

(Extra charge for delivery) the kettle over a slow fire and warm with stirring to 110 degrees F. (At

110 degrees you can hold your finger in the mixture comfortably.)

Do not heat any hotter. Remove BANQUET TABLES from heat. Sift the pectin into the

salt Lake cabinet and fixture Durable tubularsteel mixture, stir vigorously. Set kettle

just entire purchased an COMPANY load of.these 30 by inch 29 96 by ABCcarfoldingTemperedlegsmasonite tops casionally.aside for 30Stirminutes,in the cupstirringof KaroocFolding Tables, Banquet are passing and

the savings on to you. Rigid and durable, with \ 3A"steel aprons syrup and mix well. Stir in the

sleek and stylish. These tables are made all around sugar and mix thoroughly. If you

to last! the strawberry jam, making Wearever metal edge are

COME CALL IN OR juice. now, add the lemon on top HU 4-6103 Claude Williamson

These jams may be eaten as soon is dissolved. These jams f%%etiL SALT LAKE CABINET & FIXTURE COMPANY as the sugar

1436 South West Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah must be kept under refrigeration.

For good measure, here is a recipe for chili sauce from canned tomatoes.

A traditional feature of attending Conference is the very special joy of Canned Chili Sauce a delightful repast at "America's Finest Ice Cream Store."32 no.green2V2pepperscans of tomatoes

Everyone appreciates the dignified and refined atmosphere that pre- 3 large onions vails. You will appreciate the beautiful enlarged store... 3 times 1 cup vinegar

larger. 1 tablespoon salt

'Artistry in Pleasure Foods"teaspoon pepper sDISTINCTIVE l teaspoonteaspoons cinnamoncloves

Vz teaspoon allspice 1 cup brown sugar OtftOKjtove VceUKGfflt Va to % cup white sugar

OUR ONLY STORE850 East 21st South

Open until Midnight Closed Sundays

212 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Put the tomatoes, peppers, and onions through the food grinder.

Add other ingredients and simmer carefully until of the desired consistency. Stir often because itwill

burn on the bottom. Pour into hot

sterilized bottles and seal. Keep

opened jars in refrigerator.

uWhat's to Eat? 5?

yvffW'BY MAURINE HEGSTED UTAH STATE NUTRITION COUNCIL

"Hi, Mom, what's to eat?"A familiar

greeting that is heard in every home, after school, after MIA, in fact, anytime, if there is a teen in the house! It is wonderful and disconcerting how long those legs are

growing. It is amazing how often

that cavity inside needs filling.

And what to fill it with? Somejust fortunate to havetimes we feel

is the TASTE ITS TINGUNG TARTNESS fortunate but twiceanything, boy or girl who has more than just Here's Sprite... the spark-a-ling new soft drink that's

"filling up"things available. Bones, brisk and bright, crystalclear and icylight. Taste its

muscles, blood, all those and more need highquality building materials tingling tartness in the bright green bottle with the if a highquality product is to be bubbles. From the same company that bottles CocaCola.

made. Of course, he can get by

without the best, but do we want him to? A wellbuilt body is fine

insurance to give him against disease, illhealth, and the wearingout IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS YES!

process called "old age."According

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple Your WardStake M.I.A., Reto Dr. Sherman, a famous nutrition

throat sore and other minor mouth nutrition extendauthority, can good lief Society can make money. irritations. and throat of active ten yearsthe lifespan by

life, added before the symptoms of We Rent:

Machines, Candysenility began to creep in. What HALLS REMEDY Snow Cone

a fine present to give a boy or girl! Salt Lake City, Utah Floss Machines, Popcorn MaWhat does a teen need to build chines

a healthy body? His needs are high We Sell:

for minerals, vitamins, protein, and ORIENTAL IMPORTS Candy, Fountain Syrups, Popof course a sufficient number of MUSIC BOX KIMONO corn, Paper Cups calories to keep this dynamo of CHINAWARE BOOKS energy going. How can he get it LANTERNS RECORDS THEATRE CANDY DISTRIBUTING CO.

Qsdmi's EM 4-3669 70 West 1st South Salt Lake City, Utah 225 West So. Temple Salt Lake City, Utah

MARCH 1962 213 all? The magic formula is easy to maximum growth has been attained,

extra nutrients eating, to are needed makeTHE remembertoo. and makes good wellbuilt healthy, Doctors a body.

are concerned today about many

Magic Daily Formula very young mothers whose own bodies nor time have had neitherDIRECT SHOPPER Fruits and vegetables—4 or more materials propadequate to develop

servings, some green, yellow, leafy, erly before the demands of preg- a citrus fruit or other good source nancy are added. Many studies have

of Vitamin C, shown that mature women who have

Proteinrich foods—2 servings of had good diets have fewer complimeat, poultry, fish, eggs, dried beans, cations in pregnancy and labor and

and peas. give birth to healthier babies.

Milk—1 quart or more, or some

cheese, ice cream, etc.

Whole grain or enriched cereals MEMO TO PARENTS and breads—several servings. BY S. OMAR BARKER

Since this won't fill up most teens, add more of any group or of other When teen habits cause you tears,

Tandy's MODERN Leathereraft Kit - A Comfoods. Remember that their cure is years.

plete Introductory Course in Leathereraft—

contains everything you need to make 9 wonWhy have teens been singled out necessities; practical derful, beautiful, genuine

studies for attention? over Because 8 professional tools PLUS permanent—including swivel—precision tooled stamps knife and the that they country indicate can The right food can help assure

for gains longterm important our to the tools basic pattern needed complete any their profit eating improving by in will children. Instruction leathereraft better a 16—and page They have girls habits. fact, are In the teen

especially written for the Book beginner. $12.95 life the health years, over a longer

likely to cheating group most be complete. Special to discount $3.00 Church expectancy healthier produce and

organizations. is E. nutrition 164 CO., themselves LEATHER TANDY where good

it babies. for can them do What South, City, Salt 2nd Lake Utah. teens the concerned. 800 Among

of choices foods right now? Good six region, in out the studied western

of every ten girls and four out of can give them an improved comattractive hair, remore ten poor diets. every boys had No plexion,

sistance to some pep diseases, more breakfast, for snacks time a good and vitality, and greater endurance that satisfy temporarily but that give and stamina. Eating well pays high few buiMing materials, fear of gaining weight, busy schedules that dividends.

eat, to try "What's Let's Mom?"interfere with regular meals—all add

for to fill that easy them to make it diets. to poor up

cavity with things good to eat and for has higher a need SS boy BIG Housewives DECORATING. CAKE A good for them. It is WHAT they eat wanted! time. hour Endless $5 spare easy nutrients than adolescence during that counts. for lovely Decorations Prodemand Cake and his life. at in other Should time any

fessional birthfor Christmas, weddings, Candy days, parties, all occasions. We show you how he eat more than Dad? Yes, indeed;

to turn your kitchen into gold mine. No capital if he is normally active he will need Your Question

required. Start your own business small, grow more calories than most fathers, and

big. 3 Send subscription for FREE month to in of addition he needs all the {Continued from page 150) more

"Fun for & Profit Hobbies"magazine Cake in food the formula groups magic Decorators facts and Makers, Candy and on complete home instruction. CANDY & CAKE, listed above. And thus the Lord bringeth about

Dept. D-117, Fallbrook, California. The girls'needs are not quite so the restoration of these; and they

high as the boys'because usually have a part in the first resurrection, their activity is less strenuous, and or have eternal life, being redeemed their growth stops sooner. But even by the Lord."(Mosiah 15:24.)

though a boy or girl has quit pushWe are taught that mankind ing upward, there is much finishing through the ages will be judged by work to be done on the inside that the privileges and opportunities to requires good quality materials. know the truth. If a person never

Bones that have finished growing had the opportunity to know anyin length still need a lot of filling thing about the plan of salvation, in in order to build the strong sturdy then surely he should not be held bones needed to carry on through accountable for his deeds in the adulthood. The heart and other flesh on an equality with the man

GIVE HUMOROUS EXCHANGE CARDS. Fun to organs continue to develop to meet who knew the truth and then reto receive. give. Fun Fun to exchange these 23 the demands of this larger body. fused to obey it. Thousands of colorful cartoon picturing cards the changing

moods of girls and women. Also humorous Muscle tissue, especially for the these people who lived in this igGirls'Class Membership card included. Surboys, makes tremendous growth if norance were devout and faithful

prise your friends, please your relatives, and given an opportunity. Long after to the doctrines which they had been

see the mail that results. An inexpensive gift

at Christmas time. $1.00 ppd. JEFFRY LYONS,

Dept. E., 2617 S. Broadway, Los Angeles 7,

Calif.

214 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

taught. They cannot be held accountable for their actions which

were done in faith and obedience to that which they devoutly believed and had been taught. Fortunately

the Lord will judge us all by the intent of the heart as well as by our understanding. Therefore it

seems that it was only a matter of justice for the Lord to do what

Abinadi said he would do and permit these who innocently died in "their ignorance, not having salvation declared unto them"to have part in this great resurrection. The question naturally arises: Little children

who do not understand, should they die, are they redeemed through the blood of Christ? The scriptures inform us also that this is the privilege of all those who are without

law: "For behold that all little children are alive in Christ, and also all nn they that are without the law."

(Moroni 8:22.)

We may be sure that the Lord A title on the door... rates a Bigelow on the floor

to all the according thingswould do! it it naturally birds executives S. P. experience from Wise know know Wise

justice that he eternal of andlaw is, feather to business sure nest be your matter your with quiet, what comNo in people punish not whowould inviting colors designs, Carpets. fortable, Special available. Bigelow textures and

his violated sinnedignorance and office district or Contract Dept., Bigelow our Call 140 any Madison Avenue,

is It of the onecommandments.

.. N. Y. York, People. buy know who BIGELOW. New

truth of principles glorious andmost justice that was ever revealed that men are to be punished according to their disobedience to divine commandments, but not when they have acted innocently in ignorance edicts.of those divine

of the poor Think Lamanites con- - SALT LAKE CITY'S Ttewett Wotel verted by Ammon, Aaron, and their brethren. They had been guilty ofmany serious transgressions, murHOTEL

dering their "enemies"the Nephites,for no apparent cause, but, when the TEMPLE SQUARE truth penetrated their souls, and they MODERN COFFEE SHOPS DINING ROOMS truly and humbly repented, they Managed by Eva Simmons were forgiven, and the light of the DOWNTOWN RATES:

gospel entered their souls. SINGLES $6.00 thing One should remember we DOUBLES $8.00

in reading Abinadi what said and TWINS $10.00

that is this:

"But behold, and fear, and tremble before God, for ye ought to tremble; for the Lord redeemeth

none such that rebel against him and die in their sins; yea, even all

those that have perished in their sins ever since the world began, that have wilfully rebelled against God, that have known the commandments of God, and would not keep them; these are they that have

no part in the first resurrection."FREE Drive'/nParking

(Mosiah 15:26.)

Clarence L. West, Manager

PHONE EL 5-2961 75 West South Temple Salt Lake City, Utah

MARCH 1962 215; 'ill* mm- m

The homeliest tasks get beautified, if loving hands do them.

Dad: is there anything worse than to Housewife: Has your husband any hobbies?

be old and bent? Maid: No. He has rheumatism a good deal, hives

Son: Yes, to be young and broke. now and then, but he ain't ever had no hobbies.

Great works are performed Teacher: You wrote less than half a page on the subject

not by strength but by perof milk. The assignment was to write a one page theme.

severance.—Samuel Johnson Student: I was writing about condensed milk.

Every man is worth just so much as the things are The way to gain a good reputation is to endeavor ivorth about which he busies himself—Marcus Aurelius to be what you desire to appear.—Sophocles

A farm boy in the big city painted a glowing picture of city life in his letters home. On

one occasion he wrote, "Thursday we motored out to the club, where we golfed until dark. Then we autoed to the beach, where we weekended."Not to be outdone, his

brother, still on the farm, replied: "Yesterday we buggied to town and baseballed all

afternoon. Then we went to Ned's and shuffleboarded until sundown. We suppered,

then staircased up to our room and bedsteaded until the clock fived."—Sunshine Magazine

I am a scout for wisdom; It wasn't raining when Noah built the ark.

I'm discerning as can be.

The way I pick a wise man is—oooooooooooooooooo

If he agrees with me.

—Thelma Ireland Courage is fear that has said its prayers.

216 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA MAN ABOUT

SALT LAKESAN

This is ROLFE PETERSON inviting you to share some of my San Francisco experiences on

ROLFE AGAIN

Sundays—2:00—5:00 PM

Music, the best.

Talk, about most anything.

Presented by your friendly r<cdo

CONTINENTAL BANK AND TRUST CO.

1-A Clear Channel 1160 on Your Dial greater opportunities than we have ever known before. These opportunities are for those who have Is your the training to take advantage of them.

Think what this means for your own family. Will

your children have the advanced education they will life insurance need? Does your present life insurance program

Beneficial? provideWhy notthetakemoneystockto assureof yourthatpresenteducation?and future

now... and let your Beneficial Life agent tell you

Science historians tell us that 75% of all the scienmore about "Planned Futures"for your family?

tists who ever lived are still alive today! This means

that science is accelerating at a pace that brings us more material benefits, a longer life, and a muchbroader knowledge of the world around us and the BENEFICIAL LIFE space beyond than we have ever had before. fruatance

It also means that our world today is more complex, more competitive, and has more challenges and Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah

i