f>

H rA

Mf'VOLUME 35 FEBRUARY, 1932 NUMBER 4

Return Postage Guaranteed Salt Lake City, Utah

Twentysix Well Filled Vegetable Packets $1 postpaid

Catalog Here Shown % actual size.

1932 CATALOC/reeON REQUEST It's FREE to you—this beautiful and valuable 1 00- -—m

1 932 Catalog—one of the most instructive I * page i \ books ever published for free distribution in the I * Intermountain States. Brimful of just the vital information that every Home Owner desires and needs.

Profusely illustrated on every page, this new \ % #%# in detail the vegetables, trees, ym ym Catalog describes shrubs and flowering plants best adapted to westernN[ conditions. Tells you how to grow gardens for profit

I % m,iT I and gardens for pleasure, with dependable informabeautifying. landscape on i M | I tion A for Send your Catalog today—use the coupon at

-a the left. Then plan and enjoy a Vegetable Health

SEND THIS COUPON Garden and an Outdoor Living Room. Landscaping

xfor vYour cdccFREE /Catalogj. i advice free.

I*> -: PORTERWALTON CO. Address

. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

ffhe mprove/ne/rt Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, the Mutual Improvement Associations and the Department of Education

FORECAST For Every Member of the Family

INDIANS—yesterday, EDITORIALS

today, tomorrow His First Love Was the Gospel of Christ Hebec J. Grant 194

will be introduced in the George Washington Harrison R. Merrill 195

March issue of the ImWhat Will You Buy With Your Auto License? Harrison R. Merrill 196

Era. Franklinprovement

will take ARTICLESStewart Harris to Monument Johnson Rex 197 A. a Man Washington—A to the Mexico

L: Greatness S.. Bryant 201 Smoot Hinckley Men—Reed Yucatan the George Ott G. 204you—ruins—ofwhere Romneu Washington—Athletein beautiful built to inIndians Leadership Thrilling Leaps Sport Utah Winter Louis Larsen 206 W.

temples and monuments. Saving or Demonstrating Your Religion, Which? M. Wilford Poulson 209

Built Garden Our Rock H. 212 Welker How We includingSeveral authors,

Friend Curious J. Felix of GroundHog Our Day.. Lizzie 214 Koch

teachers at Fort Hall and Social Conventions R. Naylor 215 Adah

Whiterocks, will introduce Beauty in the Home—Harmony Lutie H. Fryer 216

you to the Indians of toGlancing Through Elsie T. Brandley 222

Steeleday; Frank and C.

InFICTION thewill suggest what dian tomorrow may be. The BackTracker Frank G. Robertson 210

1 Ivy W. Stone 218Besides, Albert Wilkes has A Daughter of Martha (Serial Story)

furnished a fine photoPOETRY ofgraphic study an aged Reunion L. Paul Roberts 200

like that You'llIndian. S. Fletcher Washington Linda

March number. Mother of Washington Sarah A. Nelson 205205

Valentine Ruth Wright 22 Winter's Gown Camille C. Nuffer 221

AXTE'RE short on fiction LifeManyis DifferentLike ThatPeople... GeorgianaCarltonA. CulmseeMillett 221221

this issue. That A Bit of Nonsense.. Ina 221

was brought about by our Star Dust. 1—Dorothy J. Buchanan 221

being so eager to give Gourmand.. Alberta H. Christensen 221

George Washington and MemoryLament (On the Passing of the Silent Film) Florence: EmilyH, TownsendC. Burke 221221

February as much of the Anonymous. Estetle Webb Thomas 227

magazine as possible. We Who Can It Be? Mary C. Shato 233

have some fine stories in A Task: L. H. Welker 238

print waiting. Watch for DEPARTMENTSthem.

Church Music Committee - Edward P. Kimball 229

Priesthood Quorums.... 23

THE COVER MutualExecutiveMessagesDepartment 234 hope you like the M MenGleaners 238W/E Community Activity 237 cover. We could M Men. 239

think of nothing more apGleaner Girls 240

Girls 24propriate for February this Junior

Girls.. BeeHive 242

year. VanguardsScouts 243

Published monthly by the GENERAL BOARDS OF THE MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS

Mclvin J. Ballard, Business Mgr. EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL OFFICES: Entered at the Post Office, Salt

Clarissa A. Becsley, Asso. Bus. Mgr. 406 CHURCH OFFICE BLDG., SALT LAKE CITY, UT. Lake City, Utah, as secondclass

O. B. Peterson, Ass't Bus. Mgr. Copright, 1931, by the Young Men's Mutual Improvement matter. Acceptance for mailing at

George Q. Morris, Associationof LatterdayCorporationSaints.of theAllChurchrights reserved.of Jesus Christ special rate of postage provided for

Rachel Grant Taylor, Subscription price, $2.00 a year, in advance; in section 1103, Act of October,

Chairmen Era and Publicity 20c a Single Copy. 1917, authorized July 2, 1918.

Harrison R. Merrill Elsie Talmage Brandley

Managing Editor Associate Editor

Heber J. Grant, Editor

His First Love Was the Gospel of Jesus Christ

I betithe-payer, conscientious honest, more respect No of tribute to starting pay my T\EFORE he Nibley. Charles lived lieve, When than ever W. to I going associate departed am dear to myJ*\ the of Church Bishop the Presiding called to be was"*- Joseph Prophet to the given a vision read from the the amount double than his tithing more was section 76 of as Rigdon, known Sidney andSmith services; his for as compensation allowed him it Church reading before and Covenants; Doctrine andthe

I wish to say that there was absolutely no doubt but he was perfectly willing to sacrifice his interests in the mind of Charles W. Nibley in which he was so successful in

that Joseph Smith and Sidney Oregon and come here and give best time and that of his full texts this vision, and attention—the the hadRigdon ALTHOUGH the magnithat delivwas prayers speeches and secthis in contained in him—foreverything

President of funeral the of the fying important office that at a perfect faith in his eredtion tfound printed Mere Nibley Charles W. to him. come had being.very day the Deseret on News in the

"And this is the gospel, the following, these excerpts are It is only right that I should glad tidings, which the voice out being reprinted here over a sigsay with respect to his administraof theof the heavens bore record unto natureGrant writtenof Presidentin December,Heber J. tion as Presiding Bishop

us1931, when he was 75 years Church that he had a deep and "That he came into the world, of age. President Grant paid abiding love for the poor. He

even Jesus, to be crucified for the high tribute to President Nibnever hesitated on any occasion to world, and to bear the sins of the ley's generosity as well as to make an appropriation for them.

world, and to sanctify 'the world, his great faith in the Gospel. He had no respect, however, for

R. M. the lazy, indifferent person, forand to cleanse it from all unright-—H.

eousness; the beggar, so to speak, who did

"That through him all might not have sufficient energy to take

be saved whom the Father had put into his power care of himself.

and made by him; I could stand here and pay tribute to Brother

"Who glorifies the Father, and saves all the works Nibley by the hour. It is in accordance with his

of his hands, except those sons of perdition who own request that we are having a brief service. He

deny the Son, after the Father has revealed him."did not want much music; he did not 'want a great

parade. It was his wish that not more than three

And they are very few indeed. The gospel of Latterday Saint hymns be sung."Jesus Christ as believed in by Charles W. Nibley

reaches out to those who have died without hearing it; we perform temple ordinances for them. It

reaches out to all mankind, and eventually all shall be saved, except only those who have had an inOf course I know nothing of the intimate assodividual knowledge of Jesus Christ and then denied ciations of Presidents Taylor, Woodruff, Snow, and

Him. Smith, in the Presidency of the Church, but I do

not believe that any three men ever spent six and onehalf years more congenially and with greater harPresidents Ivins have than and Nibley and mony perto found read you I have that word Every as positions myself during occupancy our of our His Nibley. heart Charles'W. of the in fect lodgment the Presidency of Church. Christ. had Jesus He of Gospel the first love was

a perfect and absolute knowledge of the divinity of the work in which he was engaged.

One of the most severe tests, in this church, I maintain, is for a man, when he makes thousands, tens of thousands, and even hundreds of thousands "For God gave us not a spirit of fearfulness; but

of dollars, to live up to the law of tithing. of power, and love, and discipline."St. Paul.

The Improvement Era for February, 1932 195

George Washington rpWO Hundred Years! retire to the simple life of a country landholder.

-* The good that men do also lives after And then when one follows a winding path among them. Two hundred years have walked silently evergreen trees and comes upon a simple yault and over America since the boy—George Washington glances in to see George and Martha Washington,

was born. Those years have brought rapid changes at home, sleeping upon the soil which they loved!

they have observed the Thirteen Colonies changing beside the lawn which they arranged, underneath into a struggling Republic the trees which they planted, and growing into a rich and with the broad bosom of the powerful Nation. But every Potomac gleaming through

year has brought her tribute to the boy and man whose the foliage, one feels the fitgenius, whose loyalty, whose ness of things. The great

devotion to a cause have been marble shaft reared by a lovbuilt into several hundred ing people should be in million hearts, until the Washington where the public shadow of George Washinglife of the great leader was ton rises to colossal proporknown, but he should sleep tions—a great sustaining at home close to the land he

power behind the country loved.

which he labored so heroically to establish. During this bicentennial

Two Hundred Years! millions of people all over

Heart Power is an invisible the world, in divers tongues, great to the will pay homage ether sort of which force—a

tell American. the They will together. ages binds the

George Washington loved stories of his conquests and of fully a cause and that love his defeats—for he did have

has colored the thinking of some defeats as all active men millions of people in this as must have. They will tell

well as in other countries. He you how a boy with Truth

diplothan soldier, was more and Loyalty as the to a Cause a hemat, statesman was—rock foundation charof his his lover. loved great He

Virginia hills; he loved his acter led not only a few colhome and his right to live onies but a world as well tohis own life; he loved Amerward 'a new conception of

America. For two icans and the Christian ideal -—the has that love yearshundred

been operative. Behind Brotherhood of mail. MilAmerican thinking is that lions will turn their faces tolove. It is the groundwork ward Washington, D. C, the

upon which American life is city which is a monument to built. the memory of a man, in orTwo Hundred Years! der to see what his eyes beWhen one Sees the tall, held and, in addition, what

straight shaft, a most fitting men have done to honor him.

his to memory;monument

city None will be disappointed. great the one seeswhen

which bears his name; when Two Hundred Years!

one visits Mount Vernon and walks in the rose garden What pictures come! The

where he walked more than dutiful son; the young sur-

a hundred years ago; across veyor; the budding soldier;

the lawns which he planted; the great general; the wise

through the rustic rooms of statesman; the beloved Presihis homey home; or sits upon the wide veranda where dent; the tender homehe once sat to view his loved owner! And through themPotomac, one senses more all—binding all of these

than elsewhere the character characters together with a theof could win man who golden threads—loyalty,great establish great a war, votion, dedication—love! defornation, as reign a season Washingtonfloodlight—aMonumentnew deviceat nightfor byits chief executive and then protecting night fliers. Two Hundred Years!

. a

196 The Improvement Era for February, 1932

What Will You Buy With Your Auto License?

A TOW that the time has arrived for us all to buy tain my brakes in good condition and never use speed -t V our 1932 automobile licenses, it might be beyond their power to control.

well to give some thought to what we expect to 4. I will form the habit of driving on my side

purchase along with the metal plates. of the road.

Every person who drives an automobile on the 5. I will exercise caution in passing or meeting

public highway must not forget that he is, in a cars.

measure, responsible not only for himself but for 6. I will observe crossing signs and signals.

those who are using the highway at the same time. 7. I will cross railroads with great care, making

That is, he who purchases license plates, buys along sure that there is not the slightest danger.

with them a tremendous amount of responsibility. 8. I will sound my horn and be careful when

The property and life loss through the careless backing out from the curb.

or inefficient management of cars throughout the na- 9. I will always park my car beyond the danger

tion is staggering. In many cases, from the angle line.

of the law, the accidents are "unavoidable", but the 1 0. If I should figure in any kind of an accident,

participants know that the word unavoidable applies I will stop and render aid and do what I should only to the legal aspects of the case. It means that do under the circumstances toward repairing damage.

neither of the parties may sue with hope of success. 11. I will see to it that my car is not operated

The participants know that one or both were careby children under the legal age.

less. The really unavoidable accidents are very few, 12. I will assume more than my share of the reindeed. sponsibility of keeping highways and streets safe

People who shudder at the words "manslaughter"for traffic.

and "murder"drive blithely along in their highpow- We hope yx>u will not buy sorrow with your ered machines seemingly little concerned about whether license plates.

they run down a pedestrian or not, or whether they else's car oroverturn somebody their own with The Indians Are Coming!

loss to think of seemprobable resultant life. They

that if the law excuses them that they are excused. TX/"HEN the Latterday Saints left the Missouri

Not so; there are higher laws—the laws of one's River they found themselves in Indian countryown conscience-—and the laws of God. To God and remained in Indian country to their journey's

all people are imend. In fact, they

portant whether MmmMM settled among the vthey have to Indians more walk in the swelthan a thousand ter of the noonmiles from the day heat or settlements of the whether they whites far to the may loll in the east and nearly a luxurious seats thousand miles of limousines. A from the settlelife taken is a life ments on the

a West coast. extinguished—light put out—Indians were

radiance dimmed. constant, visitors

What if some in practically evone had run ery town in down the boy Mormondom Thomas Edison and in practically or Herbert Hooevery home. Inver? dians, to LatterHere are some day Saints, how-

"I Will's"to ever, were not have in mind mere savages—

when you purthey were God's chase your lichildren with a cense: proud ancestry.

For that reason 1 I will drive the took Church carefully at all interest in them.

times. Next month

2. I will keep The Improvemy lights propment Era will

this year Forgotten! Lincoln, Are Not Though You Abraham adjusted, erly and feature Indians,

is anniversary celebrating the the world two hundredth nation and lethe will use only in addition to predecessor, Lincoln, friend birth you, great the your Abraham of of globes. gitimate interesting other will slave, are forgotten. the turn as well not as the Your free of of

3. I will maincome. You will live forever in the hearts of just and good men. material.

Portrait by Charles Willson Peale, from ISeiv York Historical Society. Supposed to be

a very good portrait of Washington. Around

17891790.

By A. Rex Johnson

Photographs by courtesy of George Washington Bicentennial Commission

Washington to a Man A Monument CITY steeped in the traGeorge Washington, the nation's ton. The dissemination of auditions of a colorful past, First President. thoritative but hitherto unknown

yet alive to the problems Through activities of the sixfacts regarding the man and hisAof the present and awakened to yearold George Washington Bitimes has given impulse to a desire the possibilities of a glorious fuCentennial Commission has been for more information. That

ture, is the Washington of today. stimulated in every hamlet and city Commission has also been instruUpon this Capital City is now in the nation and beyond mental in outlining programs for

focused national and international "wherever there are those who a series of worthy celebrations byinterest, for here will be centered love ordered liberty"—a quickschools, clubs, civic organizations,

the yearlong series of tributes to ened interest in George Washingand even by states.

198 The Improvement Era for February, 1932

In this article the reader the usual number of honeymoon- in the improvement of the Naers and pleasureseeking tourists, tional is Capital."given a glimpse of the there will be the pilgrims who "Usually design and by seldom "Washington to the come that is and pay homage, deleand the chance,"city by the has grown Washington that is to be"—gates of the more than 135 oryear by year. The United States

ganizations attending the convenTreasury building, poorly and the city is that a monument tions which have been scheduled arbitrarily located President by for to a man. 1932. article The During the is writyear these is Jackson, Andrew the imone

- badge wearing convention - goers ten portant by one violation the of has Washingspent sevwho will be constantly in evidence. ton-L'Enfant city for plan the eral years on the boulevards, beautiful. The story goes that

in the government buildings, RESPITE the belated realizaPresident Jackson became impathe churches the libraries, tion of the carefullylaid plans tient at the long delayed choosing for a of a site Capital for the building, City and formulated durthe and universities of the finally ing the stalked of out administration the of White George 1 ct City BeautifuP one House Washington, first the morning, his stuck cane engineerpresident, more than 140 years into the ground and ordered, ago, the City of Washington is "Build it here"—and there it is.

experiencing tremendous growth Lady Macbeth's "What's done is "Washington has.come perto done!"tersely describes at the situathe present a time under secondsonify the American Republic,"tion. engineerpresident. civic The andPresident Coolidge said. greater A architectural less However, plans of and JL'Enfant, famous many

isemphasis this given statement the wellbuilt structures French the engineer of army days of that in the lead the Capital will City early period, kerosene are lamps, cars horse to of and coming nowtake in the special celebrations on fruition. red flannels are falling before George Washington apFebruary 22, June 14, July 4, pointed his friend L'Enfant to revived plans for coordinatedtheand Thanksgiving Day. active An city, building in line plan the the original with and this plan prolocal committee is directing in an vided a effort; also simple after block block of framework on

outstanding way the city movewhich expansion has been easily the "some beautiful, some frightment in making the commemoramade. President Hoover says, "I ful"redbrick and rowhouse restion an epochal event. Persons am glad that the opportunity has idences of older days are giving

connected with the activities in come to me as President to conway to progress.

the District of Columbia estimate tribute to impulse and leadership that approximately 8,000,000 pHE approaching of the Bicenvisitors will be attracted to Washtennial activities Mt. Vernon, last combined home ofington during the year; besides George and Martha Washington. with the need to provide employThe Improvement Era for February, 1932 199

Mt. Vernon estate from the air

ing of responsibility for progress founded it and in whose honor it in specialized hands augurs well was named, even though he relucthe in present unemployment acquiesced. tantly entailed tasks future. the for The the situation, stimulated hasment

these farreaching in out carrying the inphysical Nadevelopments great the Capitol the on beauti- 'construction PROM of and plans line of the Capital alongtional stately the hill White and rest Arts the fication Fine with edifices as avenues,location of and avemiles wide House away two in created and 1910, Commission,projected and L'Enfant. by New radiate, city the of on nues and Planning the Capital and Parks granite and of "stately palaces converge. these avenues them after the created Commission, the to United house marble,"the placed original plan the jurisdiction of While War. World The the Court,States Supreme Municipal Center, the new House Ofthese commissions embraces a metLooking through the veranda

fice Building, and the United States ropolitan 'area forty miles in diat the Mt. Vernon mansion down

Botanical Gardens are in process ameter, and includes the building the placid old Potomac.

of construction, and the gigantic designs,

Commerce Building is just being highways occupied. There are also being and apcompleted the adorned approaches proaches,

to the Capital, the Tomb of the landscaping,

Unknown Soldier, the Arlington'monuments,

Memorial Bridge, and the Arlingand all relatton Memorial Highway. All these ed activities.

will cost more than $400,000,- The public 000. These edifices, and those works extant

preceding and to follow, and those in progress o r "* *, * wiH be the substance of all specifically that builders have dreamed, from Greece, planned,

Luxor, and Rome, Babylon to the Taj will make of

Versailles Potsdam,"and Mahal, the Capital in making "an architectural triCity a truly worthy and umph of the ages."artistic monument to the

Washington is yet far behind First PresiParis in its beauties, rjfut the placdent, who 200 The Improvement Era for February, 1932

Capitol (the pivotal point of the women serving the municipal and is only one Washington Monucity) facing East, in which direcnational government, from every ment, and there is only one Lintion it was thought the residential state in the union. A "native coln Memorial. Both have their

section would expand, such develWashingtonian"is indeed a rare charms reflected in the 'placid waopment has been largely to the individual. ters of the mirrorlike lagoon beWest. Now the Capitol, like JanThe newest edifice to 'house govtween them. In contrast to the upobelisk of the giant simplicity rightus, stands with two $17,500is the employees ernment faces—the Monuis the Washington which East, the and theoriginal toward just comBuilding 000 Commerce

other and less impressive one, topleted. It measures 1060x320 ment, the Lincoln Memorial is a

ward the West. The face 'toward feet, and stands on 80 miles of perfect symbol of that often quotthe rising sun looks on Justice and concrete piling. Huge office struced phrase, "Architecture is frozen

in its dedication 1922, music."At -the in form are tures 'commonplace in WashEducation—Justice it "the pronounced President Taft the Suforof than as the new dwelling ington, are also the more

preme Court of the United States, six hundred parks, the scores of culmination of the highest art of and Education 'in the form of the stately monuments, the treefring- which America is capable."

magnificent Library of Congress ed avenues, the headquarters of Leading from 'these two memoand the ultranew Folger Memomore than fifty foreign diplomatic rial edifices, and connecting the rial Library to the bard Shakesservices, the two 'hundred libraries, Capital with Arlington National peare, i the seven recognized universities, Cemetery and its classic amphiTo the West the face looks on the seventyseven hotels, and the theatre, its Lee Mansion and its outstanding 'developments in commore than six hundred eating tombs, is the new Arlington MeBridge. This Highway places. morialmerce, the arts, and science—those structure of granite, magnificent have beendevelopments which

fostered by education, guarded by ""O commonplaceness attaches to steel, and aluminum, is the bejustice. the Capitol or the 'White ginning of the new George WashAmong the many beautiful ediHouse, nor to the shrines. There ington Memorial Highway, to be

fices in this western dedicated this year.

portion of the city This parkway fol- i the historicare the churches lows with their oldand old Potomac River, newworld archipast the world's tecture. Chief largest airport, past

among these is the miles of reverential

Washington Catheweeping - willow dral on Mt. Albans, trees lining the river a church for "nabanks, to M t.

tional purposes"as Vernon, the "most envisioned in the venerated private

L'Enfant plan. Not home in America."

the least important Mt. Vernon was

of these churches is the last home, and the new chapel of is now the burial the Church of Jesus spot of George and

Christ of LatterMartha Washingday 'Saints, being ton, and many of reared on exclusive their kinfolk. The

Sixteenth Street. whole Mt. Vernon

estate is a national 'to shrine which\XT ASHINGthousands make V V TON pilgrimage is a city their without industryyearly. Not the

its existence being least notable o f only to provide a these are the visits seat for governof children, virtualmental activities ly duplicating the and a home for children crusades of public servants. It

is the 1 home of a old.Dr. C. J.'Galpin,

vast array of men the great rural sociof science, retired ologist, writes:

men of wealth, re- "I cannot get away tired army and from the memory of navy officers, perMt. Vernon, as a farmsons of scholarly house, a farm home,

ambitions, and a whichmanizingmay carrylessonits hu-t o host of more than every American farmer.

85,000 men and (Conf. on page 224)

Greatness in Men Here is the story of a brand of heroism such as always fires the imagination of ambitious Americans who are proud of the fact that the trail is ofen to them from the "lowliest cabin to the stars".

Reed Smoot of the most dramatic ByONEand picturesque events of Bryant S. Hinckley, PresidentLiberty Stakeof

the brave days of pioneering in Utah was the historic journey of three messengers from a camp one hundred miles East of

Fort Laramie to Salt Lake City carrying the news of the coming of

Johnston's Army. These messengers covered by team a distance

of over five hundred miles in five days and three hours.

They reached Salt Lake City on the night of July 23, 1857, only to learn that Governor Brigham Young and more than two thousand five hundred citizens were holding a memorable celebration in honor of the tenth anniversary of the advent of the saints into this valley. They were

gathered at Brighton in the very tops of these eternal hills with the stars and stripes waving from the loftiest peaks. Hither went

these weary and travelworn messengers and conveyed to Governor

Young their startling message.

The spokesman and leader of these men was Abraham Owen Smoot, the Mayor of Salt Lake City, the future father of Reed

Smoot.

Senator Reed Smoot and his first great grandchild.

At left, Senate Office Building, Washington, D. C.

202 The Improvement Era for February, 1932

The senior Smoot came from Senator Smoot and a group of time he herded cows on what was friends to links. the golf Left on state belongedthe of Kentucky and

late right: the Love, Stephen the aristocracy South, ato the of Wattis, Pres. known—thennowas one'Tenthof the Wardmost H. James Heber J. Bench"

man of rugged individualism and Grant, the late Pres. C. W. Nibley beautiful residential sections of the

of great constructive ability. He and Senator Smoot. city. We suppose no one thought

properly belonged to that small when they saw this longlimbed, company who will go down in serious lad driving his cows up history as the empire builders of and for the signal service which those unpaved streets that he would

America. they have given to civilization and one day stand as a tribune of the

to mankind. common people of America in

PHE senator's mother, Anna His iron constitution, his tireone of the greatest and most digKrestine Morrison, came from less energy, his lofty selfconfi- nified legislative bodies in the faroff Norway. As a girl she dence, his scorn for anything false world.

joined the Church and at the age or flabby, his grim determination Incidents like this admonish one of eighteen years left her kindred to achieve his end, his noble selfto have both respect and considerand her native land and made the discipline and the Puritanic pracation for boys, for in this land journey here alone, and walked tices of his life were all strongly of opportunity, who can prophesy from the Missouri River to Salt manifest in his heroic mother. just where a few years will take

Lake City, pushing a hand cart. an honest, industrious boy?

She was a woman of deep spir- ()N the 10th of January last, Four years after going to Provo, ituality and great force and sweetthe Senator was seventy years he registered as one of the twentyness of character. The Senator, of age. Ten years of his life were nine original students in the Brigas is often the case, received his spent as a boy in Salt Lake City, ham Young Academy (now Unibest inheritance from that source. thirty years in Provo as a student versity) which opened in April.

His parents were both strong inand business man, and thirty 1876, under the direction of Dr.

dividuals of fine mettle and heroic years in the United States SenKarl G. Maeser. In 1879 he was

mold. Thus Reed Smoot is the ate. As a boy he attended graduated from that institution

product of two great races, both school and did the things that and at one time was the only stucomposite in character and both were common for boys to do dent registered in the Academic famous for their sturdy qualities in that day. In the summer department.

The Improvement Era for February, 1932 203

Dr. Maeser was not only a very to be exact, on March 4, 1903, speeches were delivered in the Seneffective disciplinarian and a suReed Smoot first donned a senaate on both sides of the case. Fiperior teacher but a rare technician tor's toga. Soon thereafter he nally he was given his seat by a

in character building. Reed fought one of the bitterest consubstantial majority. When the

Smoot's contact with him and his tests that ever was waged against facts were made clear President attendance at that institution were an innocent man, and emerged Roosevelt did not hesitate to use significant, for they left forever without the smell of fire on his his powerful influence in the Sentheir impress upon his life. Regarments. ator's behalf.

ligious as well as secular instrucHis right to his seat in the SenNone of the eightynine men tion was given. His heart was ate was challenged on the ground who were there when he entered

of his thetouched with expanding power high position in the "Morthe are there Senate today—most faith,of a radiant conquering and Church, his enemies mon"assumbeen have of them gathered by

a faith typified by vision plus ing that the Church would subthe grim reaper. No man has

valor, and this is the foundation ject him to its dictations. The brought to this high office a more

upon which great men operate. opposition was largely political in enlightened and a more consecrated

From that day to this he has motive and character. The New devotion to duty, and today no

been one of the most ardent supYork Times, an independent Demman stands higher in the councils porters and one of the most powocratic paper, referring to it, said: of his party.

erful friends his Alma Mater has "It is a mindless and bigoted cruever had. sade."TOURING his time there have

It was clearly shown in the been some picturesque charpROM his very boyhood he proceedings that he was under no acters in the United States Senate showed a pronounced instinct oath or obligation, religious or and in public life in America. He

for business. During his vacations otherwise, which could in any way has known most of them intimateand at intervals while attending conflict with his duty as a senator ly and has enjoyed their unqualischool he worked in the Provo or as a citizen, and that he owed fied confidence and esteem. It is

Woolen Mills, an institution no allegiance to any organization interesting to recall that Arizona, founded by his father. With his which could in any manner abridge New Mexico, and Oklahoma were

characteristic diligence and his phehis fealty to his country. still territories, that Theodore

nomenal capacity for mastering deAt the conclusion of this inRoosevelt had been president only tails he soon had a practical insight vestigation, which was a long and a year and a half when Reed Smoot into all the departments of that inbitter one and often marked by became senator. He has served in

stitution. malignant and vindictive hate, the Senate during the Presidency

His first job after leaving school some epoch making and historic of Theodore Roosevelt, William was indeed a humble one Howard Taft, Woodrow in the Provo Coop where Wilson, Warren G. Hardhe was put to work in the ing, Calvin Coolidge, and

cellar sorting potatoes, Herbert Hoover, and in sacking fruit, and doing most cases he has been other menial jobs. Altheir confidential advisor.

though a young man still Among the notables in his teens, in less than who were in the Senate eighteen months he bewhen he entered should be came superintendent of the mentioned the powerful coop and in four years reAldrich, of Rhode Island, signed as superintendent then chairman of the Fito become manager of the nance Committe, the forewoolen mills. His career most committee in the Senas manager of these mills ate, which place is now

is interesting, if not specheld by Senator Smoot;

tacular, and gave early and Allison, of Iowa; Elkins,

convincing proof of his of West Virginia; Cullom,

capacity as a business exof Illinois; the venerable

ecutive. Senator Hoar, of MassaAs a young business chusetts; Hale, of Maine;

man in Provo, everything the brilliant Spooner, of he became connected with Wisconsin; the sagacious

felt the vitalizing touch of Penrose, of Pennsylvania;

a master hand. He was Fairbanks, of Indiana; Deinterested not only in merpew, of New York, the

chandising and manufacmost captivating afterdin- turing, but in banking, ner speaker in America;

real estate, stock raising, Mark Hanna; Foraker; the

and mining. Very soon scholarly Henry Cabot

he was recognized as one Lodge; the eloquent Bevof the foremost business (Continued on page 224)

men in Utah. Senator and Mrs.

Twentynine years ago, Reed Smoot

Coach G. Ottinger Romney, of BrighamYoung

University, comes forth with his selection for AllAmer- ican, Alltime Captain and Quarterback, and gives his reasons for the selection.

Geor Washin Athlete fy G. Ott Romney

in war! First in Peace! And first in the hearts of his FIRST countrymen! Yes—and add "First AllAmerican track and

field performer."History grants George 'Washington first

place in the broad jump and another first in the distance throwing contest of his day, and places him among the select group of sprint champions.

Although several I institutions of higher learning which now boast stadia and unnumbered alumni and storied football heroes were already well established in George Washington's day, the first president of the United States busied himself 'making glorious history a century and more before the era in which library costs are dwarfed by stadium expense and universities are known better by their football records than their output of scholars and highly paid athletic critics ballyhoo the sport drama in the pink and /green sheets.

Therefore, George Washington didn't have the opportunity to die on the athletic field for a dear old "alma mammy"but instead took his chances on the field of battle. His records, thus, are unofficial. No A. A. U. committee checked the watches; no inter

collegiate board examined the tapemeasure or figured in the velocity of the wind.

But if there is anything to the cherrytree story, there's everything to make us believe the authenticity of George's athletic feats.

He outwrestled all the youths of PreRevolutionary war days and in his later days gave up wrestling men in favor of wrestling issues and enjoyed the same uniform success.

He was reputed to be a magnificent horseman but the only international polo match he ever played in was against the British and lasted for nine years.

It may be assumed from his record that he could have made any modern R. O. T. C. rifle team.

He was known as the best runner in Virginia but during the War of the Revolution he was too proud to run and his insistence on courtesy George Photo Washington standing changed the course of world history. Bicentennial Commission

He jumped well over twenty feet as a youth in boots, which

Official Bicentennial picture made indicates what he might have done in spikes in these highpressure from "life mash by Houden, French ""days. (Continued on page 225) ',sculptor.

other of o4t VVashingt

To Mary Ball Washington

By Sarah Ahlstrom Nelson Photographs by courtesy of George Washington Bicentennial Commission of Washington, what were the birthplace "Wakefield,"restored. of Washington, burned in MOTHER your dreams and just recently 1780

As your firstborn lay on your breast,

In pioneer homestead, mid firelight gleams,

As you fed him and lulled him to rest?

Did your eyes search 'the future, as mothereyes will,Washington For the pathway his dear feet must tread?

By Did your soul sense the dangers that lurked in his 'path?

Linda S. Fletcher Did your motherheart tremble with dread?

GAZE upon majestic mountain peak, Mother heart,of Washington, brave was your

I Where stormclouds glower and swift Dauntless and wise was your soul;

lightnings dart, You sought 'divine guidance while doing

Tearing the gray, protesting air apart, your part,

And causing it with thund'rous voice to As you steadfastly pointed the goal.

speak To fine noble manhood; no blemish to mat

Yet still from out the tempest, tranquil, The formative years of his youth.

meek, Though early a widow, you staunchly pressed on Unchanged, unswerving its confiding heart, Instilling deep justice and truth.

As gleams of glory glance its brow athwart,

And the sweet calms its embrace once more Mother of Washington, favored your lot, seek, Blest indeed to have borne such a son!

Repaid beyond price for each battle you

The mountain comes! As once thou, Washfought,

ington, For each struggle, each victory won, (For e'er ''tis eminence that draws the fire) You shirked not life's mission, law you fulfilled from out the thund'rous blasts of God'sEmerged ': war, name through the years has come And your

To view a mighty task but just begun down

Linked with his in a halo of glory that

Accepted it with zeal that did not tire! shines

Whati ithou hast builded may we never mar! Like a gem in your motherhood's crown.

Utah Leaps to Thrilling By Louis W. Larsen Photos by

Courtesy of the TRIBUNE Here is told graphically the story of a skiing tournament TELEGRAM and ECKER STUDIO in which the worWs best jumpers competed, Mr. Larsen

also points the way to thrilling winter outdoor entertainment such as may be fostered in every town and village in the entire mountainous region of America.

ITwinterwas onedays,of thosewhen memorablea friendly Athe is thetravelingtakeoffat famenow is thatbeginningh i s sun shines down, flooding the the terrific rate of to spread. Alf is

infinite stretches of snowcovered seventyodd miles a Norwegian by valleys and hills with mellow per hour, his lithe birth, a Utahn light. The place was Ecker's Hill, body making the by adoption. He

now famed the world over as a rhythmic m o- has lived in the mecca for winter sports. Two tions of a bird in state about three

clumps of pine flight. Then... years, where he

trees, spattered zoom! He is flying has acquired

with snow by through the air, a (skill to match the fury of a refifty feet above his native daring cent mountain the earth, describand love of winstorm, stood a ing a swift, graceter sports. He

little apart at ful curve to the is, in a sense, a tance 234 feet! Utah Ski Club, hill—the footcurtains,of the landing hill. Disproduct of the

it as were, of a affiliated the with three HE great amphitheNational Ski Asaw- thousand ater, aside flung of sociation spectators had ed for spectathe America, Inc. To he would hoped tors enjoy to Utah to the and his break own the magnificent is he ardentrecord world's of Club show. ly loyal. Flatterfeet, estab247

Far up the lished January 1 ing offers have mountain side, 1931. But the come to him from

a mere human course was slow many other fly, is A 1 f and he fell a little states, but he

Engen, ready to short of his forchooses to remain start down the mer sensational a representative long, icy apmark. But that Alf Engen, World Champion of the people who

proach. The 19 3 1 record Professional Ski Jumper, Memhave so long enbugle sounds. holds. Alf is still her of Utah Ski Club. couraged and apHe leans forthe world's champlauded him.

ward and eases pion in the professional division of Engen's pacesetting jump in himself into skiing contests. He is credited, by 1931 was reproduced on the screen

Steffan Trogstad, slow motion. the way, with an "unofficial"leap before audiences totaling upwards

hurtlingOgden, As he slips of 266 feet. of 50,000,000 people. Besides the airthrough

at 70 miles an down the trail, "Who is this Engen chap?"that, 200 theaters of Europe exhour. he gathers speed. thousands of people are asking, ploited the daring feat. It lias

inLeadership Winter Sport

buster, lighting, by some miracle, later be seen riding the longer and always right side up. And the dizzier course. They are mere

veteran, Lars Haugen, fortyseven- "fledglings"now, trying out their yearold youngster who declares wings on the shorter flights; one

he will still be taking off with the of these years, you will see them pros when he has reached the age soaring high, with the grace and of sixty. Einar Fredbo made up confidence of an eagle. The folin graceful form what he lacked lowing contestants were seen in

Engen aloft in his thrilling 234foot leap.

been said that the Norwegians know Alf better than his own him.townsmen At any know the Ecker's Hill, as seen from

rate, been the he has medium above for takeoff platform 350 feet one of the best pieces of favorable the spectators shoivn at the end publicity that Salt Lake City and of the run.

Utah have yet enjoyed.

DUT Alf Engen was not the ofin distance.excellence,(Graceby theis theway,standardin the

whole show at the great 1932 land of Norway.) StefFen Trogtournament at Ecker's Hill, Janustad was another fine jumper,

ary first and third. Nor would notable for his rhythm and grace. is one of Last and least—"least"in sizehe wish to be—modesty

his outstanding virtues. His youngwas the diminutive Ted Rex, as

er brother, Sverre, also numbered smiling in defeat as in victory.

among the pros, placed third, his This lad hails from the State of best mark being 197 feet. Sig Michigan.

Ulland, of Mt. Shasta Snowmen's The performers mentioned

Club, won second place, ticking above were the big show. These

his mark in the snow at 214. Then were contestants of recognized prothere was the sensational "Dynafessional standing. Then there

mite"Halvor Hvalstad, who hurls was the spectacular "curtain raishimself through the air with the er,"an amateur meet participated Halvar Hvalstad, leaning forward reckless abandon of a broncho in by eight young men who will in a sensational jump.

208 The Improvement Era for February, 1932

the amateur division meet: Calthere are also ideal. The elevation marvel at the feats of the daring

mar Andreasen, Nord Nordquist, can be counted on to keep the air jumpers. Ecker's Hill will yet be

Jim Rasmussen, Frank Rasmussen, crisp and the snow in sound conknown as one of the outstanding

Lawrence Rasmussen, Mike dition. Besides affording all these winter playgrounds of America.

O'Neill, L. Leigh, Harold Kimpractical advantages, the Hill is one And therein is revealed the true

ball. of the beauty spots of the Wasatch motive of the men who are fosterCalmar Andreasen nosed out a Range. The winter scene is both ing the sport and developing the

victory, setting the 1932 mark for alluring and varied, including in place. It is their hope to make it

the State of Utah at 120 feet. its sweep every characteristic detail a recreation center that thousands

Nord Nordquist, can enjoy, as well runnerup in four.., if as a contesting

former meets and ground that will first winner on attract entrants

New Year's day from all parts of iri 1932, scored the world. In

second place on view of Utah's

January 3. Nord, 6T in comp arable

by the way, is an winter resources, enthusiast over many believe this thrilling that the movewinter sport and ment comes as a one of the belated developstaunchest supment. But it is

porters of the cheering to know

Utah Ski Club. that sportsmen of

Not only is he acvision and courtive in sponsoring age have now the annual meets; tackled the job

you could see him and mean to carat Ecker's Hill on ry it through.

many a summer's The mountains day, toiling with of Utah are as pick and shovel, high and steep, helping t o perfect the course. Ecker's Hill, as seen from foot of and the snow as abundant as anythe landing slope. where on the globe. Why should

JFCKER'S HILL is said to be the we not take recreation from our largest and finest skiing place of our glorious mountain region. beautiful hills, as well as gold and

Merely a beginning has been water for irrigation? Perhaps wein all the world. In the language

of sportdom, "it's a natural."made. The Utah Ski Club is planhave been long neglecting a thing

Topographically, it is about ideal. ning big developments at the Hill. of remarkable value!

Nature herself laid down the lines A runway is to be built for starters, at slides are next be held be to meet will and toboggan con- r"PHE declivity just the right 1—provided 21 long February be Ecker's It won't now prestructed. Hillfor the approach, a more

cipitous slope for the landing, and when the spectators will be able to and 22 of this year. Besides ten

finally, a "leveling out"space that participate in the fun as well as clubs from Colorado, it is expected brings the that skii men jumper to an of national easy stop. It fame, enroute

remained onto the Olymly for man to pics, will smooth off match leapsthe ground and construct with the local the take - off ahampions.

platform. The first day

But that has I of the tourbeen a job r nament will requiring be "pro"day sweat and \ 1 and on Montoil. day, the amEcker's I ateurs will be

Hill is locat- i in the spoted just over 1 the divide, groups, howtwenty miles up Parley's Canyon, The eight pro contestants, going ever, will participate in the events of both days. There will bein the direction of Park City. The downthe tournament.the landing hill, opening

weather conditions maintaining special rates for students.

aving or Demonstrating Your Religion WHICH?

NEWS report of a sermon By was!"The significant reply was:

by Harry Emerson Fos- "Those qualities which make me as dick quotes saying: him M. Wilford wouldseem amakegoodyouChristianseem to meto toyou,beA"Multitudes these are of people trying

days Jew."to save religion. Sometimes they Poulson a good

are trying to save their In answer own religion; to the Mohammedfeel they it slipping; they have not much an's is true question, the "Which

left of the original capital dev great "Nathan Weise". with This which tells religion?"the story the Jew their childhood homes endowed them; at lived writer a German time indirectly rings the three which they are desperately somewhat clinging to people in engaged long when and of as religion gives as answer. much judge an left they have may and You heated alleged arguments the about * that * * hope they it. can save it is not or whether a one. good

origin divine their of particular "If are trying we to save religion,"our story This freely be rather may he goes to say, on are religions the "we on in worse, and still the wrong translated abridged and somewhat track; the right is track the discovery severe persecution of adherents the as follows:- of a religion that will save us."of religious other faiths. his In

drama, Lessing characters rephas are If real in earnest in our we the a time of ago man A LONG resenting the three conflicting greatconcern I about take of possession into East came religion—and religions his of viz., day, the Moit that is this we how the a precious ring from most are—just the hammedans, Jews, the andconcern being expressed? exFor him. This of loved one hand who Christians. brings out very Heample, to are extent what apwe mysterious ring the wonderful had forcefully the in points good heldpreciative the of things in good its bepossessor of making power these seemingly very by common the religions of other as people loved proboth and by God man different religions. speech In one as well in our Are own? we its faith in vided he power. had a Christian says to the Jew, "Nathose areamong trying franwho the family, in ring remained The than, are Ja Christian. Nathan youtically save to their religion? Are father inherited son. being to from * * * better Christian never A efforts of ourmost concerned with father a than more Whenever had

such things as ridiculing the sacred one son the ring was then given convictions of others or with going to the one who was most beloved.

to absurd lengths in conjuring up At length there came a time socalled evidences and specious when the ring was owned by a arguments for the purpose of tryman who had three sons, all of ing to bolster up what we profess whom he loved equally. What

to regard as God's truth? Would should he do? He arranged with

Job's severe rebuke about telling a skilled jeweler to make two lies to defend God ever apply to other rings exactly like the old any of us? Perhaps you rememring which was to serve as a patber how he says: tern. When the rings were secretly

"You whitewash everything with lies, brought to the father they matched you patch up futile arguments, all of you. so well that even he could not

Listen now to the charge I bring, * * * distinguish which one was the

Will you bring unfair arguments for God? really precious ring.

Will you tell lies on his behalf?"When the father knew that he

(Moffatt's translation. See Job. 13:1-12) could not live very long he had

How much more of faith we each of his sons brought to him would show by keeping our poise separately and to each one he gave and quietly demonstrating the di- a last hlessing and one of the vinity of our religion by the way rings. Shortly afterwards he died.

it enriches our lives and personaliSoon the three sons came forties! ward each with his ring and each

A REAL CHALLENGE for claiminghouse. Theyto examined,be the lordtheyofquarthe

every earnest religionist is By Dr. Hopkins. reled, they complained. Each one

contained in Lessing's drama, At Brighton (Continued on page 228)

TheBACKTRACKER

Paddy was just a dog; but he was

all dog—not a blueblooded dog

plush—that eats butdogbiscuitsa strong andvirile,sleepscourin

ageous sheep dog who loved his master and his masters sheep and who was willing to suffer and die for the flock. When the reader gets

through with this story, hell know thatWest—includingFrank C. Robertsonthe coyotes—huknows his

man and animal.

were going to happen.THINGSPaddy knew it.

It had been a long, lazy summer up there in the Caribous with but little to do except follow around at the heels of the beloved master and occasionally bully the sheep herd. But now there was a tang

of winter in the air. There were

no signs that a human could see, perhaps, save that the aspen leaves had long since changed from green to gold, and the maples to crimson, and now their leaves were being shifted hither and yon by little uncertain gusts of wind which grew harder at night and carried a bite which made even

Paddy shiver in his canvas shelter under the wagon.

There were other signs, however, which warned the big sheep dog; vague but unmistakable currents in the air which caused him

to twitch his sensitive nostrils uneasily. And for two nights the

camp had been serenaded by coyotes, the wisest of all wild animals, L.

who sent their dismal undulating 'A howls drifting mournfully across the hills. Paddy knew coyotes.

He knew that the herd was safe, for the short, sharp yips of the prospective kill were missing. The

season of rigorous hardship was at hand. For no particular reason ft'-

Paddy lifted up his voice and f >v mourned with them. *

And now it seemed that his humans were at last aware of the impending danger. For ten days iJVHtS.

they had been camped in a snug

By little cove, letting the herd browse out each day upon a different Frank C. ridgewhich toothereat,theoutfitscrisp,hadcuredlong grasssince

Robertson abandoned. The coming of the

stranger the night before had warned Paddy that a move was Illustrated 'by in prospect.

Paul S. Clowes NOW it lacked an

hour of daylight, but a fire had been built and Paddy, in his nest under the wagon, could hear Harvey's footsteps as he walked back and forth preparing breakfast. The

voices of all three men came to him with a low murmur. Paddy

cocked one ear eagerly. There was

something different about Harvey's voice this morning. He wished

that he knew what it was.

Soon they were eating, and presently he heard the slide door open and Harvey step out on the doubletree. Like a shot out of

a gun the big dog hurled himself upon his master.

"Hey! Git down. You want

me to slop all this gravy in yore eye?"Harvey Hansen protested.

He caught the big dog with his knee, tipped him over, and held him there while he set down the plate of victuals for the dog's breakfast. Paddy wriggled joyously. 'Then he fell upon the

food with a ravenous appetite.

LIE was a big dog, of many colors. His ancestry was most

uncertain. His funny, bewhis-

kered face was much like a terrier's.

He owned a short, stubby tail which could never be still, and his predominating colors were brown and black. There was

shepherd in him, and perhaps still other.strains, but he jhad been

born under a sheep wagon, and carried around in an old nosebag by Harvey Hansen until he was big enough to follow the herd.

His education had been rough but practical. Many a sheepman, after watching the big dog work

had drawn out his checkbook with the terse inquiry, "How much will you take?"

And the invariable answer had been, "That dog ain't for sale, campjack called The dismounted and Paddy difficulty. without up to him clung mister."While he

to the ruff on the dog's neck Boggs picked up a "Paddy, old son, I've got some stick and advanced threateningly. bad news for you,"Harvey said

"Better not whup him if yuh want him tuh as he seized the dog by the neck stay Joe warned. with yuh"

"He'll foller me or he'll never foller another and shook him. From the dog's

herder,"Boggs rumbled. (Continued on page 245)

Photos Courtesy Salt Lake Tribune

Garden of Mrs, E. F.

Dreyfous, Cottonwood Built OurHow JVe Rock GardenBy of petrified treestumps, branches what is a rock garden?

tiny affordedJUST twigs, which and loveseen very some had We for added, Lizzie soil H. beds, was Welker when built and ly around gardens shaped was plants. alpine One the rocks, in betweenover and a glory with like large a morning surshiny sidian, like marble, a background, justrocks, with however,

center. "hen and in the hole A real a flowers. face; limestones, with one beautiful fora contrast

it became in soon planted it, in fossil to chicks"different a conception embedded brachiopod had We rose. large a like green

of what a rock garden might be. supply lime for the alkalinefeed-

We decided to work out an origining plants; quartzites of many W/'E grouped our rocks at the

al one. hues, to supply acid for acideating foot of an old apple tree,

We like rocks for their own plants; oilshale containing some building them up about three feet

beauty arid interest, and we set wonderful specimens of flora fossil at the northwest corner and slopout to make a collection of various which supplied flat surfaces for a ing down to the southeast, encloskinds of rocks. "It was not a sudnatural walk; some pinnacle points ing about fifty square feet. We put

den fancy, for we had collected to add to the contour of the garden in a layer of cobble rocks and rocks for years; but we needed still itself; lava rock, black and porous, sand, and began our hunt for alothers. We found sandstones, layer one most unique and interesting, pine plants, adding soil as needed

upon layer of myriad colored debrought by a friend from "The for some plants.

posits, some showing depressions Craters of the Moon"; and deFirst we found some rocks with

and even holes caused by water eroposits of calcium in queer shapes. lichen, the first soil makers, growsion, offering wonderful opportunFrom Soda Springs and from ing on them. One very choice

ities for tiny flower beds; black obSwan Lake, we had a collection rock had a black lichen, a yellow

The Improvement Era for February, 1932 213

if as looked that they it. scarlet runso soil in, a planted few a one on pure whiteone, and W/E of the face on growing they were lichen the black growth quick for kept beans ner damp,When

became a beautiful green. On one to run over the higher rocks, to the rock,

occasion, we found a large rock give a touch of color and to proOur rock, wild flower garden with the lichen growing was a real joy. I think,

down through a crevice. however, the greatest

a group thrill came when it, ofTaking hold of building are a hobby making people to came boys of young gardens. flower piece rock ofsmaller planting rock and wild the MANYand

came off, showing how Among the successful ones are President and Mrs. see it, bringing us several

in Welker, Paris, Mrs. Idaho. of Welker, Roy they had the odd rocksthe lichen had growth conshe just article, told has how accompanying one found, and I heardsplit in two. the rock it. in planted she In structed what and her garden

creek beds we found We know there are others who have built interlittle fellow explaining other rocks with moss esting gardens and many who are planning to build to the others that "little to enorder Sspring In comes. gardens into when didn't rocks growgrowing on them. such

to those want to assist who and the work courage big rocks but big rocks, are don't how, into we enter the pastime know and little ones", into grew of statements three best prizes for the offering three visited the canAX/'E and how! plant. want to to build garden what a and how We especially the yons, to readclear will perfectly to that statements plain be year Next we plan

cliffs, studying flora ers. Here are the rides: enlarge our garden, havamong the rocks. We seing a lily pond and

cured roots of alumroot, How I Made My Rock Garden bringing in native moss three specimens of native 1. Write on one side of paper and send photoand sedges.

fern, four specimens of graph if you have one, but the photograph will lichen, two specimens of not count. Mint Farmersseedum, dogtooth violet, planted2. Tellin howthe igarden.you gathered the rocks and what youblue violet, two kinds of 3. Use no more than 300 words. OOW comes the great

cacti or pricklypear (we 4. Keep a copy as no article will be returned. amount of "tummyin 5. the Editors of jthe hands your article Have enbelieve found an we needed medicine 1st. ache"later not than the of Era March Improvement variety) snaptirely new millions of for the many third, prize, First second, 6. $1. $2; $3;

dragons, lupines, blue- 7. Address your letters to Rock Garden Contest people in our United

eyed - grass, columbines, Editor, The Improvement Era, 47 East South Temple States?

monkey - flower, mounSt., Salt Lake City, Utah. Most of these remedies,

tain lilies, Indian paint also chewing gum and brush, mountain daisy, confections besides, contwo kinds of tiny white star, pink vide some shade for the moss. We tain mint, and ninetynine and

knotweed, sunflower, blackeyed also added ivy and myrtle between onehalf percent of this indispenssusan, yellow aster or coreopsis, the rocks. In the tiny beds wc able plant is grown in Japan;

liverwort, two kinds of cinquefoil, put portulaca and at the front however, the onehalf of one permountain lover, cent, but a promiswild geraniums, ing nucleus to a wild strawberry, larger production four varieties of in the near future, mosses and a numis now raised in ber of others we the Sacramento could not identifyValley in central more than forty California, the onvarieties of wild ly place in the flowers, so that it United States was not only a where this Japan- "rock garden"but ese mint is grown a "w i 1 d flower commercially.

garden"as well. Three hundred

Everything we put acres are already in in it grew. We bearing, and more

tried to give each will be planted plant the environthis year. These

ment it had naturmint farms, which ally—the mosses should be enlarged

on the north side to five - thousand of the rocks, the acres in order to cactiW e onwateredthe south.it portation,do away withbringimwith a spray, in Garden belonging to Mrs. Warren Beless the grower an

fact, kept it damp, average of around yet moss and cacti grew profusely. of the north wall placed several onehundred dollars per acre a year,

Our mountain lily blossomed at scarlet sage roots. In the holes and the farmer receives his money

three different periods during the of the rocks we inserted the roots promptly when the mint is deliversummer. of "hen and chicks"and pressed ed at the still. Mary C. Shaw.

Our Curious Friend of GroundHog Day By Felix J. Koch

A few animals achieve immortality among men by working themselves into their folk lore. Mr. Kochy in this article, gives a closeup portrait of Mister Ground Hog, one of the

best known of "the immortals".

Groundhogs are being what the hero of Groundhog Day driven out, with the spread is like.

of the centers, and it is getKnown as the.groundhog here,

ting rarer and rarer that one the same sort of animal is styled a a thick-—still; and VERYONE knows the curiWhatis encounteredlis more, closeas ato rulea town.the woodchuckwood badgerelsewhereelsewhere

ous superstition about the groundhogs are poor pets. So the a marmot in still other parts of

country children do not capture the world.E groundhog.

'If he ventures from his burrow them for such a purpose, and have His scientific name is arctomyson GroundHog Day and sees his them to show city callers when—the "bearrat"—"a rat with a

shadow 'there are weeks on weeks they come. body resembling a bear's."This is

of one kind of weather ahead."an excellent description in a nut-

'}. If the groundhog does not see AN interesting exception to this shell.

his shadow, there is every chance last is a groundhog at Con- A groundhog's body, one of weather of another sort. stance, Ky., a little town on the marks first of all upon seeing

All of us have heard the adage. Ohio near Cincinnati. He has him, is thick and clumsy. His

Probably we have marked the been the pet of some children there legs are short and thick. The head

sky (particularly on GroundHog for quite a while. )His fame has is flat. The (ears are short and

blunt. The tail is short, and itDay, to settle for ourselves how spread—one of the very few tamed

appears to be incapable of motion.exact it may be. If it did happen, groundhogs known—and travellater, that things worked out as ers through Constance stop to inpromised, we wondered just a litquire where he's kept, and to have JSJATURALISTS find much to

tle. "Curious how true some of a peep at him. remark in the arrangement of

it This groundhog affords all an the teeth. The groundhog has these old adages can be!"—If

known—"did not—"Well,Superstition,we shouldand nothhave excellent opportunity of learning knownno canineas theieethincisorsat all.of Whatthe lowerare

ing more! jaw are exceptionally sharp. In

But this groundhog some ways they resemble those of

Unless we happen to live well squirrels very closely. There are

back in the country, and so are five grinder teeth on either side in about when he ventures out, or the upper jaw, four in the under.

unless we are in a city.containing The summits of these have verya zoo with such an animal, we sharp bits—-"tubercles"they are

are hardly apt to be extrafamiliar called. As a result of this arwith him. (Continued on page 226)

foetal Conventions By progress of the world would generaif each indeed slowTHEbe forced gain Adah R. Naylor to tion were

its solely from knowledge own girls business enter the world Many observations. actions, and emotions

school, are of as and as they out soon is teachers said to have twoMan to are old enough they the time by is to books That and care to able take usually are vote they is be should say, man experience.guided—or themselves. matter But of no how exthe experience, his and by own resent are fitted] to any they well preceded of perience others have who

are taken, there liberty be that might is the It essential that study him. we

a they conditions need under which in generations order past experience of girl will not wellbred chaperon. A better guide able to that be we may quarters bachelor's at a a party attend

life. proteccourse ofour The own

is chaperoned, nor properly she unless is the of of tion one main youth a journey will a or party she go on schools education. purposes of Our

necessitate which might a with man - rising the to to undertake pass on a unless night over remaining away inforthegeneration and knowledge girl along. goes suitable chaperon A generations have that past mation

a at entertain luncheon does not man valuable. found

her in home, her dinner or when information knowledge and This in conditions particularly are and or dangerous father away, mother and is is conrace the acquired by which to is if her ever youth, she desirous But "out on her apartment different in us for and served forms is of restraint responsible there unless a of own"freedom—impatientyouth. is it codes into Sometimes ways. made ignorant the of strength present. of the person emois it passed sometimes laws andand

tions, is girl's refuses to best often these reputation obey a good A signs the in of to and us formon it its "shalt caretherefore asset experishe nots"guards and buys and own are the warnings ofwarnings. Some

ence, price. that sometimes paying a "he heavy who life, fully—remembering protection for the of our human

is fault. too, evil not Foralso the without appearance avoids avoids us Age, seek to others about while throw

is getting feelings the it youth, evil."of of

a guide protection to us moral and is intolerant, fails often usually frequently conmarried and woman A the happiness. of roadalong

to there present the "shalt in chaperon, kind- a sidered her nots"but own is the the former of example An ly, If understandable "shalt obeys. are too that the she nots"way. world

lighthouses which have for centuries remained unchanged the absorption or She does not dine alone in a public helped to protect human life. High adoption of the social conventions restaurant with a man other than her

on cliffs above a rugged coast they could more easily be accomplished. husband, nor does she attend a man's

stand, and flash out the warning that But as civilizatioji advances there come party unless accompanied by her husunder the waves are rocky reefs which changes in our social customs, and band or another woman. She must

have in the past brought destruction though human nature remains pretty not only safeguard her own reputato passing ships. And so in our much the same our behavior shapes tion, but she should be careful to

moral world, the social conventions, itself according to the mode, and each throw protection, whenever possible, are based knowledge on thewhich contacts. she things generation does young the foraround many girls whom

social race thethat has acquired from places that young do. did There mer generation are many not

are the lighthouses contact, which girls go, if accompanied even are In that not past days both women certain circumstancesstand guard over cabaret, a public a sadly old were in need and of by young dochaperon—a the conditions, flash outand and that savors hall, left place If or warnprotection. shelter any dance the they

ing that in the past, individuals who of their home they were usually acof "nightlife". There are so many

traveledhave today, of people things for the young that way, have often companied by an armed escort—but disaster.suffered to for occasion that there them the condition this protecis no which made

However, social conventions should tion necessary passed away and women seek pleasure in undesirable places.be divided into two groups—a major were later considered sufficiently proThey can indulge to their hearts conis the "shalt of whichgroup made up the tent in all tected normal accompanied another when by sports—and

lesser and a or groupnots"minor centers sponand community chapet'churches a woman who was known as which are the "little things"which on. Today our "equal rights"and sor many delightful affairs. They

shield us from the "disagreeables"; "coeducation"have lessened the nemay also go dancing at a Country

make us comfortable and help us to cessity for protection, and the duties Club or a high class hotel since there put others at their ease. of a chaperon are no longer arduous, is always the assurance that there will

Most of the conventions of the but she does, nevertheless, fill a present be patronesses present.

major group safeguard circumstances social need. {Continued on page 226)

Beauty in the Wome By LUTIE H. FRYER

Professor of Home Economics HARMONYUniversity of Utah the creating of a square of the same probeautiful interior, portions, and a rectanINwe must rememgle makes the closest ber that having harmony within anothmade our choice of preer rectangle, while a vailing form or style, circle is naturally the the details which we most. friendly shape

then assemble must be within another circle.

in harmony with each Shape harmony is other: with the climate often ignored in the

where we live, with our decorating of a room manner of living and as can be seen in the with ourselves. Every arrangement of furniarticle purchased for the ture. The large pieces

home should follow the should be placed parallaws of suitability to lel with the structural situation, to purpose, lines of the room. To

and to good taste. A give variety, some of

room, in order to lay the small objects may claim to beauty must be placed at slightly reflect interesting provaried angles. Chairs

portions, balance, and other small movrhythm, and emphasis able objects may be as shown in previous placed in such a manarticles. In addition to ner, unless they are very

these principles of good large, very straight in design there must be line, or have a formal unity, that something appearance, in such a which seems to bring case they should be all the parts together placed parallel with the into one consistent lines of the room.

whole. This unity is generally reThe design in this beautiful table In the treatment of windows, shape

the with shape rhymes of the harmony should be asferred kept to in mind. harmony. Without unity damask The all It cloth. the contains fundaof

is average a is rectangle. window mongrel.a room The inprinciples design: mental good of

glass curtains should completely cover teresting balance, proportions, rhythm, emphasis and harmony. the window and the outer curtains

The Meaning of Harmony or drapes should hang in straight lines at sides the the of window. This little the stering furniture; but on is principle art the"LJARMONY is effect dignified restful. both and accent things are for used to be which the produces which through unity

it If is for reason necessary any found variety, pottery, as such lamps andselection objects arrangement of and tie glass to the curtains back, they contrast. cushions and may all ideas. objects in a theand When separated should be at the top and five are unity types of which There to "friendly"appear one be thenroom

in held slightly lower means down size, by as are shape, of harmony known secured enjoyshas harmony. One

tie loose of backs. Avoid making idea, color. texture, anda certain the variation for of amount

circles in half shapes and diamond interest;sake the of for sake of but

the curtain arrangethrough window this stop variationharmony must I. Shape Harmony ment.

absoluteshort of contradiction in any art problem. There should be someOHAPES which correspond to one A round table should have a cirthing in common among the large another are in perfect harmony. cular center piece and not a square

objects of a room, such as draperies The most harmonious shape which or rectangular. Likewise a rectanguand carpets, or draperies and upholcan be put into a square is another lar table requires a scarf of similar

The Improvement Era for February, 1932 217

shape and proportions. Shape haron a small table, or heavy stiff drapcoarser materials such as crash, burlap

mony should be expressed in the seteries hung at small windows, give and similar coarse materials may be ting of the table whether for a simple one the impression that if a little used with oak; or one may prefer

meal or for a formal dinner. The consideration had been given to a to use those of a middle group such

lines, created by the placing of the better relation of sizes, the result as tapestries, rep, velour, embroidered napkins, knives and forks one inch would have been far more pleasing. linens, and cretonnes, with patterns

thefrom edge, rhyme with the shape table. theof III. Texture Harmony hand,rather mahogany,large and bold.walnut Onand theenameledother

Picture wires that hang from a jpVERY home maker should be infurniture, because of their fine satin - single hook in the shape of a J\ terested in cultivating a sense of like grain and their smooth surface are out of harharmony in texcall for velvets, taffetas, brocades, mony with the i-M$mgM> ture, for often chintz with delicate design, satins and vertical lines of a room just chinese embroideries.

the room. The misses being a A fireplace faced with rock or

best way to beautiful success finished in rough plaster is related to hang pictures, if because there is iron, brass and coarse pottery such as they are too not a symphony Indian or Mexican, but such a firelarge to be hung of textures, A place has nothing in common with with an invisiquestion to ask velvet hangings and Persian rugs.ble wire, is to one's self is—

run a wire "Does the texIV. Idea Harmonythrough two ture of the mapicture hooks terial express the "LJARMONY of idea means sincerity

screwed into the feeling of the of design to 'the purpose for back of the room? Am I which it is intended. Meaning that

frame on either using silk where a dwelling, whether it be a palace or side near the top cotton or linen a cottage, should look homelike. A

of the picture would be more modern example of a complete lack and then have suitable?"Or, of sincerity 'or harmony of idea is a

each separate vice versa. Spanish patio in a cold northern cliend of the wire The coarse mate, where it serves principally as a

hang vertically texture of oak container for halffrozen rain and from a hook in The conventionalized design in this suggests sturdisnow.

the molding. table damask is a good example of ness and duraThe purpose 'of any jail door is to

The picture shape harmony. It emphasises the bility. For that bar entrance or exit. The purpose of naturally adshape of the cloth. reason the a house door is to invite—though

justs itself to its invitation is the wire. The wires are parallel with naturally far

the perpendicular lines of the room. more reserved

than that of a II. Size Harmony sign over the enHPHE person who has an innate trance to a shop.

sense of scale or the one who has There are cerdeveloped an appreciation fof1 size tain furnishings harmony, instinctively recoils from which belong to gigantic ornament on a miniature ob- a mansion and ject, or the reverse. It is not necessary are out of place

to measure the human body to disin a small cotcover that its classical proportion is B tage. The furabout seven heads high, but a person niture of the Italwho is between three and four heads ian and French

high is considered runty. On the Renaissance seem

other hand, a figure that carries the out of place in height to unpleasant.equally an exaggerated extreme is D withthe Navajobungalow

You find unpleasant a room that rugs.

is out of harmony, because an object The type of that is out of scale is neither more room that sugnor less than a deformity. A small gests a boy's

room often contains furniture that is room and one far too large, and the room seems that he feels at choked, or it gives the effect of stranhome in, should gulation; while smaller furniture not be easily

would have produced the effect of spoilable. Chairs

ease, and breathing space. On the that look easily

other hand a very large, high ceilinged breakable, coverroom should not appear as though ings that appear filled with doll's furniture. A—Likeness in both shape and perishable in color and texture are

less unfitted or the more to convey furof from size harmony Apart in shape but made proportion.B—Alike feeling idea of in a boy's harmony object its surroundings, to an niture in proportion. poor by unlikeness

be- a deformity be of furniture may in proportion but not room. C—Alike

too cause or because its top is heavy A bisymmetrical conventionalized it in shape.is weaklegged or otherwise out of scale. D—Unlike in both shape and floral design on a wall and natural

A large, heavy lamp when placed proportion. (Continued on page 228)

of DaughterAChapter Seven

hada better houseG.LORIAnow in a better

neighborhood. Nancy was

out of High School and had a job in an office. She ran

a machine—how her fingers

flew over the keys! And the

keys didn't run in order like allthe alphabet—they were

mixed up. The e by the r,

the a next to the s. It was

all strange to Gloria, but this was an age of marvels. Peter

was at last free to follow his own ambition. He no longer

acted as clerk of the court.

He went East to study medicine. Only his hands, his

health and his head to make his way, but he rejoiced in that privilege. The twins

were finishing High School, still looking alike, still confusing their friends, their teachers, their beaux. There

was no longer need for Gloria to take in washing, nor;to pick berries at fifteen

cents per crate. The baking sales had increased until it took all her time. Some

women were willing to pay fancy prices for homemade pastries.

Gloria's vision had come true. Those autos, like

Francis had boasted, became more plentiful. Better styles,

larger, faster. They had tops

now and a round wheel to steer with. And the corner

lot had been leased. Men

had come offering her a nominal purchase price, telling her how she was eating up twice its value in taxes. But

Peter, remembering the pedlers, took a keen delight in feeling for their purpose in buying such a narrow strip of land, with frontage on streets.two

"We will pay you five it Eventeas notin timehardenedthe dim light ofgourdthe seed.bedroomAlthoughGloria itknewteas

hundred dollars,"the agent's rough and unpolished, she knew she held a diamond tones implied it was a marin her hand.

By Ivy Williams StonehCartha

velous sum. "Cash, and we will take care of the taxes for

this year."

"I think,"replied Peter, with a far away expression which made Gloria realize how like his father he looked, "I think we will build a station there, a place where you sell gasoline for autos."The bidding became higher, running up until

Gloria feared they would lose because they desired too much.

But in the end she held a signed contract, her land leased for ten years, at a hundred dollars a month. This freed Peter

from responsibility. He was penniless, but fired with ambition.

1RUE to his word, Bruce had sent each of the children a money order for one dollar. Peter had flared in anger,

but Gloria had simply replied, "Bruce will not prosper from such illgotten gain. The

Lord reserves vengeance to Himself."

"Well, I'm going East to sudy preventive medicine. Aunt

Catherine always used to be telling about the princess who kissed a diphtheriastricken child. Twelve years later a German

doctor perfected antitoxin. In the SpanishAmerican war more

soldiers died from yellow fever than were killed in battle.

Look what happened to the English soldiers in South Africa.

People don't have smallpox any more, nor diphtheria, like they used to. They don't know yet what causes yellow fever, nor

how typhoid fever spreads so. I'm going to find out. Nancy

can help you now, in her turn, and you don't need ever to work again."

at smiled bravely Peter of his going. LORIA G

a over. that course felt her working days were He thought

hundred dollars a month could do marvels. But a secret ambition had crept into Gloria's mind. Judge Conrad, whitehaired. now, but still active in his work, had come back from

a court session in the valley.

"Do you know, Mrs. Whitman, that the homestead of

your husband, and all his other land holdings are shortly going to tax sale?"

"Why they belong to Bruce Knight,"Gloria reminded him. "You should remember, you probated the will."

"Yes, but Bruce has not paid his taxes. He lives on,

apparently oblivious to the fact that taxes are levied and remain a lien on real property until paid. His neighbors tell me that

he and One Eye, I suppose that must be some cherished pet, lead a mere existence. He seems to lack initiative. He was in

imminent danger of losing his water right from disuse, but some neighbors took pity on him and helped him clean out his ditches, and together they got the water down, just before the disuse limit had elapsed. But he has disregarded his tax

notices, and the place will go to tax deed."

"One Eye,"Gloria half choked over the explanation, "is his daughter. She lost an eye when a mere baby. Her

father has kept her there on the farm constantly."

"Well, you seem to have a gift for divining wise purchases,"laughed Judge Conrad, "who ever would think of a widow woman having the first service station in town? By

the way, Francis is coming home from South America for a is on the trail of short visit—then he will be off again. He

220 The Improvement Era for February, 1932

some unusual bugs that are a mentaxes. Ever since she had known Revenge! The things which

ace to the cotton industry. It him he had managed to evade deBruce had done, or failed to do,

has a name six inches long. I cisive issues. Perhaps he still felt flooded her memory, danced before

can't understand why he can't that some unseen power would her vision, increasing, growing in settle down and live a normal life save his property. Perhaps he had enormity as they moved in array.

like other people. He could be a not bothered to read the tax notices The wood she had been forced to

respected lawyer, and a comfort to when they came. Perhaps he did cut became a forest. The water

two old people in their declining not fully understand, for Jonas she had carried became a lake. The

years. But no, some fortylegged had always attended to every decold rooms, the chillblains, the

bug thousands of miles away tail of his business, and no one death of Anna, the treatment he holds his every thought."had ever given Bruce any responsiaccorded to little Claire, his refusal

Gloria smiled patiently. Her bility, probably. But whatever to share Jonas'property with

father had followed diamondsthe cause, her great opportunity Jonas'children, all crowded toarrived. That was the way gether into one great sin.Jonas had coveted land—Rodney had

had cut his own destiny, Peter she had acquired the gas station Nancy had told her mother the story of the Frankenstein. Well,was studying long hours in a little, lot—by paying delinquent taxes.

stuffy laboratory, and Francis was Revenge was suddenly born in Bruce had built one too! This

following the elusive trail of an her brain. The rent from the staranch would revert to his own deinsect. "Cedars must have the tion would meet the payments on struction. What would he do

wind,"she smiled. "At least I her own home and care for the when notice of evacuation was

can keep my daughters with me."needs of the girls. Through perserved upon him? Where would

sonal effort Peter had achieved far he go? She remembered perfectly

in Bruce's absence had Lulu to Bruce how more than had come the of Because at signed Jonas'bidding, papers dependency. through Nancy would little in thecrowded conditions

house, and the steam and the heat, have to keep working. She would which transferred all her property

she had kept the gourds shut up have to help with the home exto the Whitman holdings. Nothin the old canvas suit case. Now penses. They knew the value of ing had ever been done to have

in the new home, they could have education. Bread without butter, them transferred back to Bruce,

a place of honor. There was no one dress a week, no spending except through the will. It would

whatnot and no piano, but a money, all these things had served all revert to Gloria now. Hers

to will to Peterlittle at a time the girls and she as a goading impetus to urge her for taxes—hers

were getting the living room furchildren on to greater achievement. and Nancy and Florence and Flora.

nished. Parlors were out of style. She, Gloria, could still keep on Again she laughed harshly and

It wasn't good taste to keep a working. She would not stop, reached into the little dresser drawroom shut up, opening it only for as Peter thought she should. She er for the account book which Peter had taught her to keep. Acompany. Nancy had purchased would continue to bake—those

a victrola, one of those improved idle society women were good cusvindictive, revengeful smile spreacl as she her face really didn't need any over boxes.music You couldn't tell tomers—she

it the walking down She would borrow new clothes. visioneddusty—orBruceit from voice. Even the real humanafter death, the voice of musical money on the corner lot to pay might be frozen—road, emptyreplaced the she caught bank book gradually. back she would Then gift. last It in it wascase—Peter'sstars lived on. There was a book those back taxes, and would pay handed, bound for where? As she reflection mirror. in the own the old her the be of actual owner to could buyparts. You more

fit when you need them. That home. She would turn Bruce out. Already the lust for revenge had alwas a beautiful setting for the beWhat a revenge for the accumutered her features. Through her

loved gourds. So Gloria unpacked lated years of inappreciation, of years of toil and struggles she hadand dusted them, her fingers lingerneglect, of indolence, of his refusal remembered how to smile—she

looked unchangeably young, last to carry out the of the had wish the carvings,ing over her memory erect hard, and straight. a given Now a had him who homeflitting to back the incidents which man

were depicted. and a livelihood for so many years. steely expression was creeping into

her eyes, crowding out the smiles.

"I declare, Mother,"Florence But she checked her accounts ruthpouted and looked at the array of OHE laughed aloud at lessly. No poverty could be too

displeasure,gourds with marked the prospect. with was off Nancy severe to her thwart purpose. No 'I don't you see what see in these Francis helping Conrad, to him clothes to divert old too money

old gourds. They're not so dreadenjoy his brief vacation. The from this set purpose. But as she

ful uncommon. They're so tertwins were decorating their class figured, planning an economy

ribly old, too. That grinning room for a party. A little at a here, an elimination there, another

monkey never takes his eyes off time, Gloria had been saving monvision pushed itself into her mind.

of me. Last night the boys laughed ey for dental work. The dandeBruce might be forced to walk

at what they called our curio shop. lion greens and the pig weeds, the down the road empty handed, but

Our friends aren't interested in water cress and whole wheat, the he would not walk alone. Little

them just because they came from necessity thrust foods which had her one Claire—with eye—wouldAfrica."her, teeth saved their had upon rebe forced to walk him. with

OUT Gloria scarcely markably.now. BridgeStill,work,they theneededdentistcare

heard her. Her mind was racing called it. That could wait. EvIT was late when she

wildly under a sudden, strange imerything could wait. Everything had finished her plans, and Nancy

pulse. Bruce could not pay his but the taxes. (Continued on page 249)

r//i Valentine Many Different People Gourmand

By Ruth Wright By Carlton Culmsee By Alberta Huish Christensen

I different are people and many I have fed,—"VfOU"- silence, in waited A?ES long T HAVE love every them, one: -* -* o'er; platter brimming From dear, one For you. word, from little a dainty There's the quiet lady with

filled the that Eaten bread I dear, love you, boureach hope and dignity.

for asked Yet more. still too. love That me, you full little jolly There's the of tomboy

And if you have forgotten me, rough and roguish fun. O, for that pristine hunger

failed line; a to drop And first; lips the intellectual avid cold, There's keen with knew My

cruel I'll never mind you are how,a feast, oft dines too funny, solemn ways. upon Who

forever Thine. I am thirst the There's the act Deadens a simple for savor of the foods cook whom

docilely.

There's the prickly little spitfire with her

Memory Hartman Townsend Winter's Gown There's brightthe shy,brownenticingeyesloverablaze.with the By Florence

ardor sun. of the

Nuffer Camilte C. By different people and 1 You are loved; many been

-*- love life's them, every one! thread though J HAVEWhat has donned a new gown, INTER TT/

slender? short grey and and Grow "'

* white. velvety Soft and

all else fades When,lace, patches filmy of With this heart thought shall render:. Nonsense My And diamonds sparkling bright. A Bit of

loved; been I have Ina

So terribly proud and cold, A STRANGE request has come to me: And lovers'words are tender!

In her gorgeous new array; -** The letter reads like this

Decked like a queen so bold "I sure adore your poetry:

She proudly rules the day! Please send to me the recipe, Lament

So I can make some, Miss."(ON THE PASSING OF THE SILENT FILM)

her She waves magic wand, Recipe Emily Clowes Burke By field hill; dell O'er and and

like a the best, thought you Take like tired child, Earth a turn backward, time Z>ACKWARD, O it test thoroughly And *-* will. to in flight,"her mighty your Bows

it o'er o'er again, Thresh and to the silent film just Back for one if see, chaff you no And trees sprinkles She the night; with diamonds

little Fill a words, with bowl glisten in Call play sun, That the science back the and of Art mute from rarest find can you The lacy her weaves patterns And sound a mixture satinsmooth, Mold fine as the restless spider restful, the Art to As heart, spun. proit in bake your mind. And found.

her is done, whenThen day sleep to Lull in old, green pastures me of Alas, her beauty die, must still the waters Near Star slumbering and Dust folds She her up blanket, downy fold; Jacobs Buchanan melts a sigh. By Dorothy with And away

till yet Pause, in awhile, I visions reach at you -*<3s*o- stars Realms eloquent where shine

I J BecauseLAUGHED knew without speech.

cared. you much How-*-

Life is Like That I smiled to see Race o'er the desert where sands meet the

That just for me sky, By Georgiana Angell Millclt Your heart was bared. Where in fierce conflict tribes fall without

cry; I then And knew to heights Mount sphynxlike whose snows tell friend, I could you, it was That you to earth, melt sweet* the flowers were;J HowWISH held heart. Who my noiseless Cascading in riotous mirth. gift so thought lowly; youThe it threw far You

life is like that.But the Waft wild, of music me woodland It a hit star

things And fell apart.

Other flowers looked more grand; Drawn forth by lute, flute and violin

When first yours came; strings;

Your marigolds, your mite, Wind, wave and pinetop, soft twitter

But life is oft like that. of birds,

Give me above all the song without 'whiteclad cast nurseA ''.{ words. aside. 'A"* \ 'V'< flowers in theirThese pride, /

Their mission was a lowly one, "Backward, turn backward, O time!"

Alas, for life is like that! from life's rush

Into the Temple of Dreams with its

Another nurse retrieved my blooms, hush;

These marigolds of sturdy stem, Draw to the curtain and shut out the

In water now they bloom anew strife;

I wish for life like that. Close in that calm way of looking

at life. gorgeousThe blooms now show decay Night wanes and I waken. Dear Father

laugh on;My marigolds Time!

are there like too, that peopleAnd has obscured the What vision sublime?

lives like that.Many Stars in their fade. splendor Dawn

spreads her wings.

theseSo happy goldenheads, now Art disappears in the jargon of things!

fairly in sparkleThey the sun;

The poem "Rosary"inGod's sustenance heaj can the January our wounds; Era

written was by Christie Lund. Through anFor faith like that. makes life it error credited was Lowly Beauty—Ralph Jenson to another author.

Through Brief Summary of Magazine Articles* GlancingBy

ELSIE TALMAGE BRANDLEY

Parents as Children See grownups try to keep children too

Them Ruthwarm. staysOnewithsaysthemthatshewhen"comesAuntin

at night and puts about 15 blankets

By A SCHOOLTEACHER on us". Gertrude says "Women al-

{Harper's Magazine for Dec, 1931) ways make you wear a million sweaters and coats when the wind is a little an ardent research workcold. I think that you could haveONCEer listed, as a result of study, much more fun if women grownups

two hundred ways in which would stop thinking about what they children annoy their parents. look like and get some exercise out-

A schoolteacher, as the result of a doors. If they would go out and play

test she gave her students, gives some baseball and those games, they would interesting excerpts and rather implies get some color that was much prettier that there are also ways in which than rouge".

grownups annoy children. She beOf fathers, they say little, except

gan by placing on the board the word that they work a lot and don't want "Grownups", and asked the children to be bothered and want children to to write down the thoughts which go to bed early. A truly modern note

came to 'their minds along with the is one sounded several times to the word. The children seemed to think effect that grownups are unfair when

let children won't have what their they doubtless of a woman—they have. search Careful through the characteristic mostfirstmother—and the papers that they shows do when recognizedgenerally by all of them

was that of "bossiness". There were have something really nice to say, they

it briefly say qualifications. with and sketches,sixtyone done of some them as far at to so for 20, (She death hope

lets likes her father because Peggy he frankness. writer devastatingwith is The 7 between 11). and One now eat her Patricia meals; before candy these that theexplains mothers of those that are remarks grownups who likes is sick; she and grownups when are thechildren "upper middle of big spell don't they want words when

child ideas one prevailing the sums up college wellto-do of to children understand them.class"—wives in these paradise words: a "Oh, what doctors, lawyers.professors, of Most particularly are outspokboys The

it be without would them". But conscientious, are attendthem and thai en, saying Paul both and Arthur

is even devastating conclusively more clinics in frequently,childpsychology the in give a pain them grownups with her calm "Grownups'better underthat they mightorder are stuck they because neck, too up Caroline ideas are interesting not very to me". chilthe their mindprocesses ofstand Several try to boss too much. and you

dren. And yet the cry in the papers of the boys resent the fact that they

of sixtyone children seems 'to be must keep themselves so clean. One Education and

bossing long me"."Stop They the fact that for points they are people out

old dirty and wear to befreedom all afternoon; Sunday MarUnemployment who sleep

clothes; to stay up late at night if tha does not care for them because By ROBERT A. MILLIKAN

they choose; to be left without spinthey silence arguments unfairly; Kath- (Atlantic Monthly for Dec, 1931)

ach; to let their faces go unwashed at leen regards them as provoking at

will. times, chiefly, it seems, because they TN 1800 more than 95% of the

Some of the descriptions say that won't permit you to eat the most population of the United States grownups are people 'who are married tempting desserts until all the spinach were engaged in agriculture; today

and over 29; that they are people is eaten from your plate. the number has been estimated at

who boss you; that they are very One interesting observation is that 22 I/4 %. Through the recent growth

different from children: that they are the children who mentioned the beauof science and its application to induspeople who make children put on tifying which their mothers attempt, try more than twothirds of the enertheir coats 'when the grownups. not speak of it contemptuously. Twelve gies of our people have been freed

the children, are cold. One says. of the little writers declaim against from that field and been made avail-

"They don't have as much fun as we lipstick, rouge, powder, perfume; able in others. The growth of civildo. Their hair is always fixt and some against fur coats, long dresses, ization may be defined roughly as the

hands washed. It has always been permanent waves; many against the process of the multiplication of human

a mistory 'to me how they do it."evident pleasure which grownups take wants. In all preceding eras, a certain

Lucy says that they are children who in these things. Oversweet manners percentage of the population was of

have stretched. are also disliked. Alex says, "When necessity kept in slavery to minister

Most of them say that they would they call me 'dear'and all that sort to the needs of a despot and his court hate to be grownup, one even going of stuff, I almost say 'shut up'beor a small, favored aristocracy. This

cause it sounds so silly to me."Sevcondition exists no longer, and the

*By permission of Publishers. eral of them speak of the fact that realization of the fact has brought

The Improvement Era for February, 1932 223

autocracies crashing about us on all latively good results, for a better eduand the enjoyment of life generally.

sides. The substitute for this ageold cated people should mean better gov- I am not entirely convinced that the

system is Democracy, but so far this ernment and everincreasing sanity and situation pictured is ideal, though I is only an empty word, for theory and happiness in the livinghabits of a do gorant that laborsaving devices experience go to prove that democracy nation. which have saved the housewife and

depends for its success upon a reasonBut there is one question I know farmer much of their former drudgery ably welleducated electorate; and very I have raised in many minds: are we is a great relief, that science has renfew countries have that kind. Naturnot overdoing this whole business of dered men's bodies free from many

ally the question follows as to how far higher education? In numbers, yes; diseases and has made it possible to

a country should go in extending the and the remedy is simply to stiffen combat enemies to their crops so that general education of its people, and the requirements for the higher school agriculture is no longer a precarious here of course are many conflicting and let the high schools go more and struggle. But the machine age has

opinions, ranging from the idea of more into vocational lines. We are brought with it, as well, disadvantages.

general education for everyone up to supplying too many white collar men The true issue calls for keeping the the age of 18 followed by vocational instead of vocationally trained ones. benefits, rejecting the dross and worktraining later, to the one that most We pour from our universities hordes ing out a policy for directed developpeople are happier when left in comof people who have not the aptitudes ment.

parative ignorance. Some argue for and capacities for intellectual work, Fundamental to this problem are

education up to 9 years, after which and are not paying enough attention two contrasting theories of leisure:

children shall find their vocational into the training of the carpenter, the one, the biological theory, contends terests and follow them; but the barber, the bricklayer and the housethat work and play cannot be septhought of rather extensive and genkeeper for the wise use of leisure which arated entirely. The other, which I

eral education for all up to the age the advance of science will afford. shall call the technological theory,

of 18, once considered Utopian, is Education in all its branches is somaintains that the routine of life's now coming into being. ciety's best answer to the unemploylabor has always been a kind of necesMuch less than half the people in ment problem. sary evil, and that the less time needed

the country produce the food and for it, the more time for the pursuits material, the leavingraw clothing ergies enThis Coming Era of Leisure biologicalwhich bringtheory,happiness.leisure is Uponearned theby half free to supply of the other

is garden a joy because the labor of radios, moving (Harpers'for Nov., 1931) Awants—automobiles,new,wants; hence have come our new By FLOYD H. ALLPORT work, and pays its way as it goes.

it; into which has gone a mountain cigarettes,pictures, gum, cosmetics,

airplanes. This series of new in- | OOKING from my window on climb brings exhilaration which industries has been created that many, Tuesday morning, I see a procreases our joy in the view from the

otherwise idle, might have work. And cession of men going down one street summit. The proponents of the other,

yet we do not know what to do with after another emptying ashes into the technological theory, contend that our wheat. The new articles have trucks to haul away. In doing their a man cannot be as happy in his

been produced in such quantity that work, a spirit of team effort is evilittle handtilled garden as he can on the problem is not how to increase dent. Here are rhythm, bodily exeracres tilled by machinery; that the

production, but how to increase the cise, cooperation, rivalry, display and time required to climb one mountain consuming power so that everyone even a little of the spice of hazard. prevents us from seeing many mouncan have a job. Science has been so As they disappear, I see in my mind tains which we could view if we drove

efficient in cheapening production; the oil heater recently installed in my in cars instead of walking.

how can it be applied to consumption? neighbor's basement, and think of the The theory of biological leisure

little are time shall already able I too have to suggest and needs be one when not a way I may defense—we

in a fair freed to attain it. daily the struggle debe way this year, from for the next, But with orout my

pression of the present is a natural and the furnace. Then I see the ash briother, which aims to eliminate work,

inevitable result of the inflation of gade turned into a crew for delivering rests on the blind faith that every yesterday and a deflation must follow oil and keeping oil heaters in coneffort-saving machine which can be before the normal curve is reestabdition. Instead of days, hours will invented brings us that much nearer

lished. But there is one great new suffice to accomplish their work. And the millennium. And that is what I

want which has been created, about I shall have my daily fifteen minutes propose to challenge.

clinkers. The chine have eliminated many a hotopinion—thewhich there willeducationalbe little differencewant whichof spentof freedomwith asheswhichand previously was The harvester and threshing mahas a capacity for consumption which question rises: what will the ash men weary hour with the scythe and flail;

is wholly unlimited—the finest posdo with their leisure? What will I but with millions of men out of work

sible solution to the unemployment do with mine? Shall we be any and the grainmarket flooded, we are

problem. The industry of highhappier than we are on the present expected to be enthusiastic over a

school education, one of the largest in Tuesday mornings? superharvester which takes over all

the country, has a salary roll for Economists argue that rapid circulathe wheatgathering operations previteachers of something like $300,000,- tion of goods and money means prosously performed by human hands.

000 annually, seveneighths of which perity. Greater returns from industry Aside from the lack of economy of

has been developed in the last 30 create in the buying public greater such a scheme, a tension and exciteyears. In addition, the college paypurchasing power, so that greater busment are produced which are the oprolls add another half billion dollars. iness is called for. It sounds like a posite of the mood of leisure. Worksources—taxationThe money for thisandcomesvoluntaryfrom contwo merryseems tocircle,me merelybut I havea case doubts.of makingIt mentsing withand solargemuchorders,at stakebusinessin investpeople

tribution made by publicspirited citieveryone work harder and faster. But inevitably become nervous. We goad

zens and other interested individuals. rhev explain that with laborsaving ourselves to the point that when the

Both of these methods represent edumachinery and proper organization time comes for leisure, we have no

suits.cation'sproblem—aanswerwayto totheincreaseunemploymentthe conbethe donework inof twothe worldor threewillhours,some andday energy except for the most trivial pursuming capacity of the people; and the rest of the time will be given to There also arises the problem of

a way which would result in cumurecreation, travel, the humane arts (Continued on page 226) a

224 The Improvement Era for February, 1932

Continued from page 200Washington—A Monument to a Man

While I pause, I find myself saying, 'Yes, to those points of compelling in- A Symbolism of American Prothe Washington farmhouse can be a terest in and near Washington. gress.

even home, every farmpattern for as These few suggestions regarding Few persons there are who do every for is a pattern himselfWashington

American'."the city of Washington indicate not believe in the wisdom of makits something of her physical charms; ing the Capital City area—in

varied indeed but memorials—1"*HE approach to Mt. Vernon 'monument. of activities. A feware currenther numbersnewsutilitiestruly greatand nationalitsT from Washington is being paper and magazine titles suggest President Hoover well expresses

greatly improved, and soon the other aspects of the city: the views of those interested in

River, the Potomac miles of thirty City of MagWashington. Washington—the Bridge on the Washfrom Chain Distances. nificent "By its dignity and architectural incity the counpride in stimulate 'canal our spiration above ingtonbuilt we of City MagWashington—the of elevation that try, encourage we estate below, Vernon Mt. to the Deficits. nificent from comes character which thought and parks. verdant between flow will Center. Art * * this is * It architecture. on great Washington—The river uses of the commercial All Convention our of great that the stage drama national Washington—A

and its shores have been suborCity. political life has been played * * * we

centuries here problems, similar and majestic for plans to the dinated of face Mecca Washington—the face will other Americans hence some is already This'work adornment. America. times. their For great of the problems

river great the on far advanced City Wonder their is need tasks there tasks and our Washington—the and orderliness the and highway, inspiration surroundings daily of the of the 'World. of

of traditions only the suggest not colonial setting is of the dignity Scithat Washington—the City of greatness the future."of the past but the manifest.now becoming ence.

This memorial restoration and A City of Political Corruption In viewing the City of Washis, in contemand which ington also ''includes plan improvement—Washington.

! is be, all to the city which of The Tree City. plating the birthplace "Wakefield",

Shakespeare join with boulevards. Americans mighty Those which was burned Washington,

> of that the building City. in agreeing rebuilt. The A Voteless in 1780 and never

structure there will soon be comWashington, Like Paris, Being a monumental city is "A consumpleted, adding another attraction Rebuilt. mation devoutly to be wished."

page 20.Reed Smoot Continued from

eridge, of Indiana; the wealthy him out of the cellar and made the world. "While others orate

senator from Montana, William him superintendent of the coop, he looks behind the pictures and

A. Clark; "Pitchfork"Ben Tillthat took him from the dyeing vats under the rugs and back of the

man, from South Carolina; Morand the carding machine and made radiators in the federal governgan, of Alabama; Bailey, of Texhim the outstanding manager of ment and he returns to the Senate

of the from floor mills, took more knowledge with him all brilliant woolen and the as, and others—of federal recesses and unimand government the most insignificant legislators and statesexperienced

of the United their contents than any other senmen of impressive stature—now portant committees

figures of the past. States Senate and made him chairator has ever had in the Senate's

man of the most influential and whole history."

T>EED SMOOT entered the powerful committee in the political

Senate a comparative youngworld. pORTUNATELY "facts and

ster without the ornaments of orIntelligence, honesty, a strong figures are the wine of life to atory or the advantages of classical mind, a sound body, unparalleled him. A table of statistics charms

training, a member of an unpopuindustry, an unquestioned fidelity him like a romance. A graphic

lar church and a representative of to every trust committed to his chart of business conditions holds a small western state. That body hands, have been the common virall the beauty of a Rembrandt for

treated him with a little more than tues which have made his career him."With bis mind committed

its usual indifference and assigned great. No young man of ability to facts which need neither rhehim an assortment of committees ever brought to life's problems toric nor eloquence for their preswhich seldom or never met these requisites and failed. entation, he is not a man of many

which in reality never functioned. We know of no man who words and rarely speaks in the

No senator ever started more humpreaches more constructively or Senate; but when he does speak

bly and none has ever risen to popractices more effectively the great the senators listen to him.

sitions of more influence or places gospel of work than he, and noHe has an understanding of of greater power. His rise has where is there to be found a more governmental machinery, a directbeen steady and unspectacular. He shining example of the joy and ness of thinking, a rapidity and acis today the acknowledged business conquests which come to those curacy of movement which enables

manager of the United States Govwho are willing to pay the price him to accomplish more with less ernment. in honest effort. It is the price effort than any other man in the

The very qualities that took of every worth while thing in Senate. He steps over the entanThe Improvement Era for February, 1932 225

gling webs of red tape and brings "It renews your faith in AmerSmoot, or for that matter any things to pass. His fidelity, his ican life and the American home, other Latterday Saint ever gave

inexhaustible energy, his persiststill sound and wholesome despite to this Church or this people, is sifting his for capacity theence, and rectitude divorce statistics and the booze the his of conduct—the

hisfacts, his view, of overflow. breadth life. his of grandeur moral

strength of purpose, coupled with 'I am drawing dividends on He is a sagacious, hardheaded his dynamic personality, make him the life I have lived since boyand eminently practical man; at

a power among men. Reed Smoot hood,'says Senator Smoot at 68. the same time he is deeply reliis the calibre of man who must 'I've never drunk liquor; I never gious. His religion moved him

be reckoned with in any company. was lazy. I've wronged nobody. to invoke divine assistance for the

'I in fortunate marrying was speedy termination the of Great tenderfostered has not onlyI1JE a as perfect as ever young woman offered in a prayer which he War Unily the Brigham Young lived. a children have had My his seat senate in the from championeer fatherversity, his which a marvelous mother, superb homeber. said: bless apand He "God establish to mainsodid and * much * * maker.'action the prove to be taken by as seniortain, his position but voices a in pride naive 'That this the Father, day. Senate Oh, service in his thatsenator long and a well spent, years tribute touching preserve hasour government and to enabled haveaugust body him is a It to dead. the wife now liberty ten the will be day when secureassist to more men young unstudied, rarely uttered thought all the peoples enjoyed of the by training professionaltechnical and plain a of and American husband earth. Amen."state. the in otherthan any man father. like are millions There

is paralinstance without This all if his splendid in doubtWe him.

lel in history the of Congress. there has been anyachievements little scoff this at cynic "Let no

other thing which has brought to glimpse into a typical American him greater pride or more lasting household, where honesty, decency, "LIE was married to Alpha M.

satisfaction than this service. Hunwork and affection still are enEldredge, daughter of Horace

dreds of prosperous men owe their shrined, purifying and transfigur- M. Eldredge, September 17, 1884,

success to Reed Smoot. One's ing this poor mortal life into someand has six children. She died

heart is touched with emotion on thing that approaches the subNovember 7, 1928, and he was listening to the expressions of loylime."married to his present wife, Alice

alty and gratitude which come Taylor Sheets, July 2, 1930.

from these strong men for the pERHAPS the major service of He is tall, sinewy, and erect.

privileges which he made possible his life has been given to his Seventy years of the most taxing for them. country but mention should be and strenuous work have left his

He has a deep and settled faith made of his service to his Church. health unimpaired and his vigor

confidencein an unquestioned God, filled a foreign mission, has his He undiminished to—a tribute

people, a in and its his Church as served of the Stake not a member manner of living. There is

profound love for his Country and presidency of Utah Stake of Zion, an unsound spot in Reed Smoot's its institutions; an invincible and and for thirtytwo years has been character; he is fearless, intrinsicalmilitant patriotism, a generous and a member of the Quorum of ly honest, genuinely sincere, exsympathetic attitude toward war Twelve Apostles of the Church. pressing his convictions with canveterans and all who have sought The greatest vindication that Reed dor and without vindictiveness.

their country's good.

Back of a rather Puritanic exterior there is a warm heart and a tender soul, a helpful and solicit- [George Washington—Athlete

ous attitude toward the unfortuContinued from nate, a love for education and a page 204 real interest beautiful in the things silver a across dollar threw this Certainly He grand American life. state naof and this This its at the point. widest Potomac possessed the physique, the coortion to Smoot. Reed owes much historic this only did "peg"dination, Not the physical and moral

A GLIMPSE at the simplicity give future Cobbs, Speakers and courage, the poise, the resourcefuland purity of his home life Simmonses something to shoot at, ness, the fighting qualities to make reveals one of the fundamental but it set one of the precedents him as outstanding an athlete as a secrets of his great success and one for future U. S. Presidents—a statesman and a military genius.

that has been variously inprecedent sources the enduring of his of if foothis judge we may And construed. Chief Executives Many fluence. possibilities ball his adroit by dolcountless have thrown away to are permitted quote from We skirting his drives of the flanks and

a Washington newspaper of 1930: lars in an effort to best Washingthrough the line, his spinners and

"Out of the hurlyburly at ton's record. It remained for Calfeints and passes, his blocking and

Washington comes a strain of oldvin Coolidge to interpret George's tackling and generalship in that far a feat as of as strange an example fashioned and music how crucial battle for the world's chamgo. dollar could to as be imade Sweet poignant 'Home, a bar of

Home'in a jazz concert. And If all the historians have failed to pionship against the colorful

from the last person you would immortalize Washington, his name Cornwallis aggregation, we may name him as captain and quarterexpect to be articulate * * * the will yet live forever—for, because

senior senator from Utah, Reed of this remarkable throw, he has back on the AilTime AllAmeri-

Smoot. made Ripley's "Believe it or Not". can.

226 The Improvement Era for February, 1932

Glancing ThroughContinuedpage from223 how a technological leisure, if it were and extent of popular participation, nature. The one prospect offers the

forthcoming, could be spent. The due to mechanized transmission and immediate enjoyments of nature; the

ruthless destruction of local woods the talking screen. In social interother the pleasures fabricated by the

and streams, farms and villages which course the same deplorable changes machine. The one invites us to a

have been the charm of the countrymay be noted. Conversation, neighparticipation in the creation of beauty;

side for those who cannot travel afar, borhood visiting, family entertainthe other pours upon our senses a will eventually destroy the environments, sewing clubs and literary circles flood of variegated, though sometimes ment for natural recreation. Wild were yesterday's leisure pursuits; but beautiful, sensations. The one enbirds are being destroyed or driven now we are too busy to keep up such courages reflection and knowledge for

away; concrete highways and billcontacts. Instead of men and women, its own sake; the other standardizes

boards have detracted from the natural we meet automobiles. Courtesies and intellectual training for practical ends.

beauty of the country. amenities are lost on machines. FamWe stand already upon the threshEducation in schools and colleges is ilies are divided for purposes of fiold of that leisure whose glory and

turning from the pure sciences and the nancial betterment. The world has fulfillment are seen within our lives

liberal arts to technical and vocational changed. as natural beings. It is a leisure in

ideals are teaching then, are oftraining. our young the These, two We for- a part. Shall which form we we biological the familto operate machines method,people how of leisure—the this sake turn for prospect what may neglectare iar in the to us humble, but tomorrow, andtoday past-—slow, desert; in the be a mirage for out to the effortful to nature, teach occupy compliant anding to them with how

leisure which will come as a result of rather than ascendant over it; the a vision which may fade out as we

machine civilization. Music and technological method proposed for the approach, leaving only the hot sands

drama are suffering in the character future, heroic and imperious toward over which we have toiled in vain?

c*s>fr- -<* Social Conventions—Continuedpage from215

Every boy who desires to cultivate based on the cardinal virtue considbeing said; if by any chance we fail

good taste in behaviour will respect eration for others. to hear it, we do not ask to have it

the conventions, because he realizes We make a definite reply when a repeated, but wait until we can quietly the truth of the saying that, "there is verbal invitation to a social affair is ask a third person for it. Most people

more liberty under law than there is extended to us and at the same time dislike being asked to repeat their without law."And while every girl express our appreciation of the invinames and our failure to hear it usualmust in a sense be her own chaperon, tation. ly means that we have been inattenshe will always welcome the official We answer promptly a written intive. A person who is casual or inchaperon as a sign that the proprieties vitation in order that the hostess may different about social contacts, showsare being observed—which leaves her know she can count on our coming. a lack of good breeding. To be infree to enjoy herself without too We keep all appointments promptly different to a person who is beingmuch restraint. in order that other people may not be introduced to you is to be rude-—and

Good manners cannot make us virkept waiting. rudeness (though much of the time it

that is a fault thoughtlessness) protect us from can mere tuous, but they Consideration for others us is makes is is so there the to forgive because hard ofthe appearance and wrong opcordial to the person and attentive portunity to sin. who is speaking to us, and to the little excuse for it.

Minor Conventions Whenperson anwhointroductionis being introducedis being tomadeus. butTheis personalso thoughtful,who is notinstinctivelyonly kind,

npHE minor conventions are the we look directly and attentively at follows conventions because he is care- "little things"which oil'the mathe person who is being introduced ful to refrain from doing the thing chinery of social life. They are all to us and listen to the name that is that brings discomfort to others.

*>- *IOf<$%*X>tr- <* 4iOur Curious Friend of GroundHog Day Continuedpage from214 rangement of teeth, the grounddepth. They take particular care those who are choice in their pick

hog can subsist on insects, on the to slope the passage downward. of food.

flesh of large animals, as well as Their home shall be beyond the The American groundhog, on the vegetables which were long intense cold of winter. Still, it woodchuck, marmot, is hardly to

supposed to be his only food. shall be built so as to be in no be accounted an entertaining charSome groundhogs attain a very danger of filling with water duracter, except for the superstition

rains, or by the melting of the attaching to him.considerable size—almost that of ing the household cat—although they snow. As stated, he is not easily tamed.

are very differently formed from Although easy to capture, as He certainly does not possess the her. their travel is slow, and while it amusing qualities of his European

At all times of year they are is also not easy to dig them from kinsman, the true marmot. He

ground animals by preference, and their burrows, the groundhogs stays rather surly at all times.

so spend all of their time, except are seldom followed for game. The body of the groundhog

what is taken by feeding, in their They are of little value as that. owned by the children at Conburrows. In autumn, when they are quite stance is really thick and squat.

These burrows they dig with fat, they are occasionally eaten; The legs are so short that the

rapidity and ease, to considerable but they are not very palatable to groundhog's "tummy"almost

The Improvement Era for February, 1932 227

seems to graze the ground, as he 3 to 8 young at a time. The while seated on the hindlegs, much

walks. babes grow rapidly. When three in the way a squirrel would sit

This groundhog is perhaps 18 weeks of age they make a pretty to a like end. At other times one

inches long, with 4 inches of tail sight, playing around the burrows. finds the woodchuck 'licking

behind. down'and smoothing his fur, as

His body is brownishgrey A DULT groundhogs seldom a cat would hers.

above, reddishbrown below. venture far from their holes 'The animal's hide is loose and

Head, tail, feet, are blackishby day. When a groundhog is tough. It has long been used

brown. Nose and cheeks are ashsurprised then, he will run very for whiplashes.

brown. fast for this shelter. Then, or, "The flesh,"he agrees, "is flabthe fear he that he should has not flavor, a rank of and, by, though'"PHE animal remains asleep the of there reaching of chance and pig, roast like can be cooked when

greater part of the day, in the making his escape, he will stop eaten by persons who are very burrow he has dug in the fencedshort, and often "squat"on the hungry.

masters'in the space youngaround his rely earth. then on He can "Some take the creature for itsgarden. to color the camouflaging him fur."

first the the captured boys earth about. will look next When He

pet, they kept him in a cage close about very slyly; as if afraid of

by. They then dug well into the being noticed. Believing himself HpHE groundhogs grow sleepy,

earth, and placed a layer of cement in an extremity, he will take refuge and prepare to hibernate about as floor to the hole, this so that in the crevice of a rock, or on some the end of October. They are

the groundhog should not burstone wall. When the foe apsolitary. Each family keeps apart;

row through and escape. They proaches closer, the groundhog the groups do not congregate, as

then drove long, thin iron rods utters a queer, gurgling sound. prairiedogs do. It is believed that

from the hardware store down to This he varies with chattering. they eat nothing in the long

this cement base. The rods are For other occasions he has a shrill, months underground.

set sufficiently close, so that the whistlelike note. Hence the "Burrows are usually on the

animal can't slip through. They FrenchCanadian name for him slope of a hill; often near the

protrude and support the nettingthe whistler. root of a tree, beneath rocks,

fence on the surface of the plot Goodrich, one of the best auand sometimes on stone walls.

that keeps him within bounds, exthorities on the groundhog states: Circumstances allowing, a burcept when they would bring him "In defending himself, the row may extend 20 to 30 feet

out and play with him. Earth groundhog will often bite severefrom the opening. It will descend

at first, filled back on the cement and ly. He will do a desperate battle 4—5—feet—obliquely

rammed hard has become as hard with a dog, usually with such then rising to a large, round chamas the native soil about. Into this success that he escapes. ber—the bedroom and nursery

plot the groundhog digs, as in "Although given ordinarily to both. Farmers will take the

the wild. strolling on the earth,"as said, groundhog often by setting steel

Given his own way, the "the groundhog does occasionally traps at the mouth of the burrow;

groundhog will remain asleep in climb the bushes, or trees, seldom sprinkling these with sand and his burrow the greater part of the ascending to a height of over 7 light grass."

<3ay. Only at rare intervals does feet, neverthe-less. Sometimes he He tells of a groundhog also

he come out and look about. will enjoy a nap in the sun, while taken as pet, and kept so for two

When he does appear so, he is reclining on one of the branches. years. First it was wild and illfond of sitting erect—up on his "Other times one will see him natured; quite as the one at Conhaunches—-the forefeet hanging cleaning and combing his face, stance was at the start. It would

loosely down. keep concealed during ithe day;

He keeps the erect position when but attempted to escape at night.

feeding, also. He bends the head At last it became reconciled to

upward and sideways at times, Anonymous its situation. It lived in the

drawing the neck along. By Estelle Webb Thomas kitchen, on excellent terms with

Comes evening, and the groundthe cook, the cat and the dog.

hog who is free in the woods OINCE this is Saint Valentine, There it occupied a box with asallies forth for supper. He feeds I may venture just a line, strawbed.on grass of various sorts, on fruit You will never know 'tis mine—

and vegetables. I shall Never,speak never!while I've the nerve, V/HEN winter approached, alIn New England, one observer Tell my love without reserve. though the box was in a

heart How myrelates, are the groundhogs somecorner, arranged the animal longs but to serve warm forever. Yours the cultimes very numerous in itself It rolled carefully. its bed

tivated farmlands. They do much Though I've waited many a year. into a ball, with its nose buried in

damage to clover fields. Not only Watering hope with many a tearits abdomen. Then it became

I For the never hear vows fill eat theirhecause they of the fast asleep. completely torpid—Never, never!<;rop, great tread but a they down for six weeks. Thus it remained rich though!in love And you be,

deal more. Also, they make havoc You may one day gladly see It 'was then taken out and rolled

among the pumpkins, and then That my heart is faithfully on the carpet, but without showwith the corn when in milk. Yours forever. ing the least sign of animation.

A groundhog family includes Finally it was laid by the fire.

.

228 The Improvement Era for February, 1932

In perhaps half an hour it raised rupeds which inhabit a cold region sustaining animal life without its head slowly, looked around, and which, living on green vegefood for half a year! How marand attempted to find its house. tables and juicy fruits, would pervelous the skill of Him who can so

It was returned to its bed, where ish, where the earth is bound in adapt means to ends, as to accomit remained in its strange sleep unice and snow for half the year if plish this miracle!"

til spring. compelled to obtain their daily The groundhog is found from

He, concludes: meal. allknow- Carolinas; the to from Canada and How wise—how

a wonderful "What provision the Nature; Rockies; the Atlantic to the of Author ingi—is

is of nature this, for those quadconceive can the design of though not beyond. who

> ]&C?Gj|jVsi>-

Saving or Demonstrating Your Religion—Which?

Continued from page 209 said, "The other rings are false. by both God and man. Let that than I shall sit upon it and deFather gave me the genuine ring. decide, for the counterfeit rings cide."

I was the son that he loved most."cannot have this power. Who of We see how Job, Lessing, and

But no one of them could convince the three is best beloved? Is there Fosdick have each in their own

the other two. no reply? Do none of these rings ways emphasized almost the very

Finally to they went a judge exercise influence? the wonderful same that no sincere message—one for his decision. beEach swore The genuine ring perchance has religionist can afford to ignore. As

fore the judge that he had received disappeared. Then this is my for us we are surely not going to

hand—whichthe ring directlyindeedout of hiswasfather'strue. hascounselhad toa you.ring presentedIf each ofby youhis beunduefoundconcernamongaboutthose savingwho showour

Each was vigorous in accusing the father, let each believe his own to religion without giving it the others of making false claims. be the genuine one. Let each chance it should have to save us.

sincerely strive to emulate his We know that the anxiety to pHEN, said the judge, "If the brethren in seeking to prove the bolster up artificially any system, father is not brought before virtues of the ring he has, by is in reality a damaging confession my seat I cannot judge the case. offices of kindness and of love and of lack of faith in it. What counts

Am I to guess riddles? Or do you trust in God. If in years to come for most in establishing the di

expect the true ring here to unseal the virtues of the old ring shah vinity of our religion is how it its lips? tell But reappear children's me in':o your among enters dynamically for good

secret that the genuine hold—youring has the children, then, once come to more really our every day lives making

power to make the wearer beloved this judgment seat. A greater far us"beloved by bothGodand man".

*\<Gi%&0> -<- Beauty in the Home Continuedpage from217 outlines of realistic flowers in the things of our own environment that 5. T. F. Large pieces of furniture

chintz, are, of course, out of harmony. it is not an easy task to criticize the should not be placed parallel with th<

The law of harmony of ideas commistakes of our home. For this reawall.

pels one to conventionalize flowers, son it is suggested that the reader 6. T. F. Small chairs and movable

objects at placed be angles. varied may otherfruits and forms borrowed from analyze the and criticize things about

7. picture T. should not be re- F. Anature before as employing the her them after lesson. in her'own each home in lated it to shape the wall space whichdecoration for china, sofa pillows, reason for prime the The universal occupies.

pottery and other articles. interest in the beautifying of the home 8. T. F. Wicker furniture is improved

is the desire for that peace of mind by upholstering it in silk damask.

which comes from really beautiful, 9. T. colored with rose F. A room V. Color Harmony

draperies should have accents of rose harmonious surroundings.

HpHE fifth type of harmony is that the pillows, pottery or some other place.in

calls F. furniture 10. T. fine for Oak It is of color. of such paraTrue False Test satin chinese and embroideries, while importance that it will bemount is mahogany in keeping cretonnes withtreated later. r\RAW a circle around "T"if the and other coarse fabrics.

The tests of harmony are: statement is true and draw a circle 11. T. F. Navajo rugs are not in

1. Have the objects in a room anyaround "F"if false: harmony with fine Wiltons and Oriental

rugs. inthing size, shape, texin common

1 F. T. centerpiece round A on a F. 12. T. Coarse potteryture, is not in idea, color? table round suggests shape harmony. beautiful with harmony linen damask. 2. the large pieces furniHave of

2. F. T. should be Rugs placed eaterture been placed so that they follow in cornered a to room, shape emphasizx to Answers Test. December structural linesthe of rather the room harmony.

than contradict them?

3. Does the decoration show reto 3.be T.tiedF. backIf curtainsvery far,at ait windowis better areto 2.1. T.T. 6.7. F.T.

straint and refinement? separate at the top. them 3. T. 8. F. the 4. Does room spell "order"4. F. fireplace T. plaster of made A

F. 9.rather T. than "confusion"? or is in brick with brass harmony and 4.

We become so accustomed to the coarse tapestries. 5. T. 10. T.

CHURCH MUSIC COMMITTEE

Expressions in Choral Singing By EDWARD P. KIMBALL

OELIEVING that our choristers will singing the nature of the emotion tinct value in giving importance to a welcome every helpful 'and worthto be expressed is rarely made clear. particular phrase, as in imitative writwhile suggestion that may aid in their In For unto us a child is born, the ing where the entry of a subject or an

success with the choirs, the Music emotional picture to be presented is answer demands prominence. For the

Committee reproduces herewith a joy mounting into triumph; scorn application of this principle interestchapter on expression in choral singand derision rising to a frenzy is to ing examples may be found in the

ing from a very good book by H. S. be shown in He trusted in God that standard oratorios, as in the followingKirkland, entitled "Expression in He would deliver Him; amazement phrases:—"For the Lord God OmSinging."In the text will be found and awe in Behold the Lamb of God. nipotent reigneth,"in the Hallelujah

a number of examples, but as they Emotions so diverse as these cannot be chorus, and "Blessing and honor, glory are taken from the works wellknown manifested by the same means nor in and power"in Worthy is the Lamb, to choirs 'and choirleaders it is felt the 'same manner. Yet it is unusual both from the Messiah, and the folthat they will be accessible to so large to hear any tonal changes other than lowing from various choruses in the

a number of our workers that the those which are dynamic and which Elijah: "Blessed are the men who fear

article can be published as of interest are powerless to give the emotional Him,""Thanks be to God,""Be to the greater number of our musicians. keynote. not afraid,""Lord our Creator."

It is entitled "Choral Singing."Only appropriate Color and QualAfter accuracy of pitch and meter

"There is no reason why characterity of tone will express the character are acquired by a chorus, attention is istic expression, by which I wean exof the emotion or suggest its changes. usually given to Dynamics. Perhaps

pression which goes to the genius of The bright color suitable in For unto this is done because so much time is the melodic phrase when it springs us a child is born would 'be quite necessarily consumed in securing corfrom the verbal, should be ignored, inappropriate in He trusted in God. rect intonation and rhythm; or, persimply because it may be diffcult of Other choruses illustrative of the imhaps, because it is thought that thereattainment from large bodies of singportance of suitable adaptation of tone in lies the principal if not the sole

ers. There is so much monotony in color and quality to the feelings 'to means of expressiveness. At any rate,

oratorio concerts because all oratorios be expressed, and as extreme in their Piano and Forte, crescendo and diand all parts of any single oratorio emotional differences as those just minuendo are easier subjects for a talk about, and much lessare sung alike."—H. E. Krehbiel; mentioned, could be cited from Mendirector to

How to Listen to Music. delssohn's Elijah, Elgar's King Olaf, difficult for a chorus to master than

Stimulus and reaction should be or other modern works. Examples the more subtle changes of vocal

the 'same in chorus as in solo singing. quite sufficient in number for the quality and color.

The ideas of the text should arouse purpose have been chosen from the Changes in power will be more vithe same emotions and these should Messiah because that work is most tal and stimulating to both singers be expressed by the singers, collectfamiliar, and because its performance and listeners if the singers can be ively, through the same means as those is so often purely a perfunctory one. induced to make such changes, not

used by a solo 'singer. If Color, QualOne 'feature of good chorus singing because dynamic signs are printed in

ity and other means for expression always noticed is distinct Articulation. the score, but because feeling increases

serve definite purposes for the soloist, A performance which is metrically and diminishes as its exciting idea they will accomplish the same ends precise and definite (or crisp, when waxes or wanes in strength. Then

when used by a number of singers in crispness is needed) is so, largely, the real reason for changes in power choral 'work. A chorus is but a quarbecause clear metrical feeling is made will be understood. In the chorus,

tet, or quintet, multiplied several or apparent through energetic articulation For unto us a child is born, emotional many times. of consonants begun and ended toincrease is steady and strong through

For many people, and rightly, there gether, especially those which occur on several measures previous to the words, is a strong religioussentimental halo the accented part of the measure. Let "Wonderful, Counselor, the Mighty

investing Handel's Messiah, which us reverse the statement: energetic arGod;"so there is a demand for an

predisposes them to find in its perticulation of consonants at the right equivalent increase in power.

formances all they expect to find, time, and especially of those which The principles governing the use whether that is actually presented or occur on the accented parts of the of different Modes of Vocalization.

not. This leads to the belief that measure, gives the impression of metas shown in,the chapter on that

the effect produced on them is not rical precision and clearness because subject, are applicable, to a large exwholly caused by what they really pulse boundaries are clearly 'defined. tent, in choral singing. As in solo

hear, but is largely the result of their In choral, as in solo, singing, arsinging, the usual mode is the legato.

own emotions acted upon by their ticulation having a degree of energy Examples of the staccato are not imaginations. Enjoyment may be as which will manifest the activity of the infrequent. "Let there be Light,"in

great from the one cause as from the emotion to be expressed, will have the first chorus in The Creation, may other; but"an excellence really due to sufficient energy to emphasize metrical be mentioned. An extreme instance

the mental state of the hearer and not precision, and more than enough is found in Mendelssohn's The First to the performance should not be merely to make the words underWalpurgis Night, where it serves most credited to the latter. stood. (This last statement, of course, effectively to heighten the effect desired

Precluding all such autosuggestion holds true only when the different by the composer.

in the consideration of the following voices are singing the same words at The marcato judiciously applied choruses from the oratorio just named, the same time.) in He trusted in God, will, through

the criticism is made that in chorus Energy of articulation is of discontrast with the general legato, ma230 The Improvement Era for February, 1932

terially accentuate the effect of scornmeans in the manifestation of idea. instruments. It is quite possible for

ful derision which the chorus should Choral singing would be much a Director who is capable of suggestgive. Opportunities for the use of more interesting to both singers and ing only dynamic or instrumental

both the staccato and maccato occur listeners than it usually is, if vocal effects to a chorus, to chill his singers in a number K of Elgar's works The changes appropriate to the ideas could into a stiff insensibility that will efChallenge of Thot, for instance. be made. Frequently, however, there fectually prevent the attainment of the

The portamento may be used to is a great deal of immature musical best choral results. To gain such readvantage at certain times in Behold material among chorus members, sults he should know the ideas or

the Lamb of God, but it is easily which demands too much time for the conceptions that are to be expressed, overdone, with disastrous results. mechanical task of securing metrical and be able to suggest the vocal means

One could imagine occasions, as and pitch accuracy, leaving too little which will express them. From what

when a humorous idea is to be sugtime for attention to the develophas been said heretofore, it is easy to gested in a very exaggerated manner, ment of the artistic side—emotional see that the vocal means includes very

when the aspkato might be used; but expression. much more than mere changes in

in choral singing such occasions are For choral work to be really arpower. Conceptions of definite emorare. tistic, there must be not only a very tional process, as indicated by the

How and when each of these means high degree of [musical intelligence text, and ability to point out theof expression—Color, Quality, Powand vocal responsiveness among chorus means to express those conceptions, ers, Articulation, Vocalization—are singers, but there must also be, by the should be part of the choral Director's

to be used, is to be decided solely Director, a treatment of the voices as equipment, quite as much as his muby the efficacy of the particular voices, and not as mere articulating sical or instrumental knowledge.

The Art of Accompanying

'"INHERE is no branch of the art of musicianship by his very willingness to port with the solo, and the accommusic about which so little is fit himself into an artistic whole, and panist must be able to deliver his known as the art of the accompanist."how often do soloists neglect to apmessage with authority. While it may

The foregoing assertion is made by preciate this service, and how seldom be true that a performance is someAlgernon H. Lindo, one of the most do we see them give any public recogtimes marred by an inadequate instru

able accompanists of Europe. Anynition to their accompanists who have mental introduction, it is oftener the

one who has 'attended concerts of contributed in so large a measure to case that a tremendously effective perimportance, or better, who has offitheir success! This service is seldom formance is accredited to a soloist

ciated at concerts, knows that this is recognized by the public either, and when in reality the credit should be not overstating the truth. With the if the concertgoer could be made to equally shared with a real accompanexception of the accompanist himself realize what an integral part of the ist. It does not seem a difficult task

it is doubtful if 'anyone is really aware performance the work of the accomto find accompanists who are techof the burden resting upon this parpanist is, much keener enjoyment in nically prepared to render their part ticipant, not even the artist, except listening to music performance could of the score from the soloists'point of in lesser degree. In the public mind be experienced, and a recognition of view. A commoner difficulty is to

the accompanist, if he comes in for this would result in a greater effort secure one who not only is technically any share of consideration at all, is a by all concerned to secure the best proficient, 'but who has that real arpianist who is not competent to play possible musicians for this important tistic sense of proportion that will solos, but who possesses sufficient techbranch of art. enable him to submerge his personnic through,"to cover "get under gifts ality, talent his and and make functions accompanist in The two

artist, the attention the holdsof who It artistic ensemble. to an is directions. a soloist as as subservient well He

hearers, the the of accompanimentof *art sense fine for a of requires one accompanist, an times his and many is solos. also certain of thought He great possession in the of as soloist in the who is introductions work

a ability as the person to has who a in lose individuality his technic to other and portions a musical of work, sight, at read well times and many is the this yet plays alone, simple artwork, are he as and when important is his audience to thoughtless enough imagine that some of his magnificent and impressive as any other part of truest manifestation of art'in the makework is sightreading! Many times the work. He must realize this, and up of performers. This is the real

the artist at the piano who is subyoung people aspiring to this import-, test of the successful accompanist, as merging a genuine musical personality ant branch of artendeavor ought to it requires a real perspective of the into a fine ensemble is the greater mukeep this in mind. In modern comwork, and the accompanist is largely

sician, both by natural gifts and trainpositions, particularly, the instrumenresponsible 'for the consummation of ing, and gives evidence of his splendid tal part of the work is of equal imthe composer's intention.

To Choristers

npHE choristers training course, inand prospective choristers, who have to Use the Baton (a) in congregationaugurated at the McCune School had no experience in conducting, for al singing (b) in the ward choir:

of. 'Music and Art last fall, is to be chorister positions. Sightreading of Pitch and Rhythm:

repeated during the early spring. B. Ten lessons constitute the course, Expression Marks and their Meaning.

Cecil Gates, Assistant Director of the given on ten consecutive Monday eveThe tuition is $6.00 for the course.

Tabernacle Choir, has designed the nings from 7:30 to 9:00 o'clock,

course and will conduct it with two the first class to meet on February 8 These lessons are a practical amplipurposes in view: to clear up the at the McCune School. Each of the fication of the very general course for

technical difficulties met with by every lessons will include instruction and choristers and organists given a year chorister; to train young musicians drill in the following subjects: How ago.

...

PRIESTHOODAll Melchizedek Priesthood material ts prepared under theQUORUMSdirection of the Council of the Twelve;

f\. and all Aaronic Priesthood material is prepared under the direction of the Presiding Bishopric. <"-v

Fagged Out

By CLAUDE C. CORNWALL

Scene: Interior of Mr. White's Mr. Howell: I have heard Mrs. Mr. White: This is a problem.

home. Evening. Howell say that many times. (They (Rises.) Of course you can't keep

Characters: James H. White, a buslaugh. Exit Mrs. W. They sit.) him. You wouldn't be expected to do

iness man; Mrs. White, his wife; Mr. Howell: Well—Mr. White. I that. But what has brought about

Fred White, theit son; Roy Adams, have come to talk with you about this change in the boy? I have noworks with Fred; Miss Helen Mcyour boy. ticed his indifference around home.

Donald, a school girl; Mr. Richard Some of our young people cannot

Howell, Mgr. Howell 8 Co. Mr. White: Yes. assume responsibility. We do too

Time: The present. Mr. Howell: A year ago Fred came many things for them. The sidewalk

(At the rise of the curtain Mr, and to me and asked for a job. I put keeps the mud from their feet, the

Mrs. White are discovered talking him to work. I have never seen more automobile takes them leisurely where

with each other. They are waiting ambition in a young fellow than he we used to walk.,If they are to be

for Mr. Howell to arrive.) manifested at that time. There wasn't amused they go to the movies, where

Mrs. White: What did Mr. Howell a finer young man on the force. I it is all prepared for them. All they

say? used to watch his record every day. have to do is to slip listlessly into the

Mr. White: He didn't say much It was a pleasure to see him gaining stream of (readymade experiences, and

only that he couldn't keep the boy. ground. No boy in m'y employ showed when responsibility comes, they fail;

He is coming here to talk with me prospects of a more brilliant future they cannot stand up under its weight.

tonight. than Fred White. I want you to Mr. Howell: In a measure, you are

Mrs. White: But what has the boy know that. But the last few months right. And yet, that shouldn't be the

done? You know Fred has been have been a puzzle. The very life case with Fred. He has always had

working for Mr. Howell over a year. has gone out of him. He comes to his duties at home, has he not?

It's Mr. White: a surprise to in me the work morning full of pep, but I tried to keep White: have Mr.

a to disappointment that thinkand is it in an all gone. hour he Does last is the It during busy. only him his "of can'tone keep boys own stay my nights? out his seems that six foundation months

job. Mr. White: not undermined. completely to been have Occasionally—but Mrs. White: has gone wrong What late. often is outside.) whistle heard (Fred's

with him? is White: Fred all There now. lost Mr. inHowell: Mr. has He

I can't White: Mr. That's what

let it to well will him not terest be Perhaps the in firm, has developed and out. a Mother, have had youmake

here. are a come Will total indifference you you to his know work. lately? talkserious Fred with doorinto (Exeunt. study? the The could White: Mr. Mrs. avoids White: have What me No—he enters, the bell notices rings, Mother

his spirit like that's broken this? to eighexpected.but be He's down to the and goes door empty, room

allteen are that age boys now—at the climax Howell: Mr. of The admits Helen McDonald)

naturally shy. yesterday. matter came has been He did Helen, White: when Mrs. Why, pehas White: been Mr. Fred But collections making of from some our get back? you late.culiar doesn't of look He me is customers. our of one Gus Harms

is, yet, that I'm not back Helen: I in eye. the can'tsquarely imagine largest purchasers. order been has An folks didn't meet not home. The the change. has about broughtwhat several to for charged months. him

tele- I tried station. to at the is me ansMrs. heard, knock White(A I the matter wrote he about and him there one not be any must phone, but the admits Mrs.wers door and Howit I implied that paid. been had

I I sight. a guess at look home.ell)

I record, find so could wrote him no

Mrs. White: Mrs. White: Didn't they know you again, sent Good evening—Mr. and he me a receipted

I believe?Howell, coming? were bill, signature. bearing Fred's

Mr. Howell: Yes, Mr. Howell. Helen: il wired from the train this

Mr. White: Come right in, Mr. Mr. White: Oh, but that must be afternoon, but they must have been

a mistake!Howell. all day. He has probably forgotten away

to turn it in. (Mrs. White takes his coat and hat, Fred is here. I heard White: Mrs.

places the rack) them on forIt is that kind of Howell: Mr. ago. take you can a minute him He

sit here? Will White: Mr. you it necessary for getting makes which I car. will be the in over he know

you. Howell: Mr. Thank I let go. haven't taken to Fred me see to glad you.

herself) (excusing Mrs. White yet. this the I have come with boy up really so? think Helen: you Do to talk with wish yousuppose Mr.: I first. to you speaks of you White: Mrs. HeWhite?

often. is Howell: Mr. Thank you—that Helen: it will be so good to Oh, is really no reason why you—there see again. a boy notshould The Lord Says:

White: Mrs. I have a number right—youschool. of "Tobacco is not good for man, but don'tMrs.seeWhite:many Oh,boysthat'sat your there tothings attend know, to—you when it comes to for bruises and sick cattle."And what have you been doing? are no office hours

women's work. Helen: Oh, I'm becoming quite a

...

232 The Improvement Era for February, 1932

to courtesy, sad, be be Well, if we're going let's down town, uslady—learning else one need know. three—-no

this, watch "I'm so debe moving. I'llpolite—now the up make you and money

lighted to see you, Mrs. White."Fred: All right. (Takes a "fake"just me. We'll pay forget the whole

that for a perfect lady? cigarette from pocket and offers it toThere—how's can matter. Come on, boy, give me your Mrs. White: (laughing) will: You Ray). Here, want a hand. "Fag"?

always be the Helen. same (Both I Ray: see don't No! And you why hesitates (Fred signs of and showslaugh). Well off take now, your use them. uneasiness because the cigarette). ofthings rest I'll and yourself. go and Fred: right, little All sister, all

I Mr. just Howell: know you howcall Fred. don't quarrel with me. right—but it. feel about for (Reaches Fred's arm. Helen: hair all will fall My down (Lights it match holds and under Fred cigarette, drops the and Howell if I do. cigarette; starts for door. has Ray his takes hand. picks (Howell up Mrs. White: come Then with me. already out. gone Enter Mr. White, cigarette.) cigardon't use No! youWe'll find a mirror then and give followed by Mr. Howell.)

ettes? (Steps astonished). back aFred surprise. (Exeunt Rear.: Fred Mr. (calls) is White that Fred—I Mr. White: never hadand enter dreamed outside.) Ray from Just you? a minute.

Fred: Come in a minute, Ray. Fred (takes cigarette in right hand of that.

(Calls) Mother! I guess nobody's and hides it behind him): Yes, (calls) Mr. Howell: That makes it differhome. What do you say if we go I'll be out in a minute, Ray. (To ent. I don't know what I can do

for a ride? Mr. White): What is it? now. That's too much of a handicap.

Ray: It's all right with me. Mr. White: Do you know Mr. You are not Fred White any longer.

Fred (picking up newspaper): Howell? You are a slave of the '"Fag". Look,

is your boss, and you can'tHarry Lowes lands homer in the 13 th. Fred (takes off his hat with his Fred—this

Lefty's long swat saves series for Seals. left hand): Yes sir. serve any other. (Turns to Mr.

What do you know about that? 13 Mr. White: Mr. Howell and I have White). Mr. White, I am afraid I

innings and then lands a home run! been talking things over, and he has must reconsider i

Ray (looking at paper): Must told me some things which astonish Mother (enters buoyantly, because

have been some game. I'd like to me. There is no use beating around she thinks the men are still in the

have seen it. the bush. We might as well come study): Fred, I have a surprise for

Fred: Why didn't you go? right to the point. Mr. Howell tells you.

Ray: Can't afford the time just me there are discrepancies in your acHelen (enters joyfully): And I'mnow. counts.

Fred (sarcastically): Oh yes, you Fred: In my accounts? I've alation.the surprise!He keeps(Helenhis eyesnotesonFred'sthe floorsituare a very busy man, aren't you? ways turned them in straight. away from her)

Yes, going to keep Ray: I'm and Mr. White: Are you absolutely sure Helen: Aren't glad see to you me?busy, too. boss treated The that, me of boy? my: (She turns to Mr. asks) Howell and swell today.mighty Fred: is Yes. the matter? to What (Goes Fred: How? Mother) Fred, reMr. Howell: here is a raise Tendollar (triumphantRay: * bill from Mr. Harms. This Mr. Howell: Fred carrying has beenly). he if I'd said keep it up ceipted And

is signature, it not. is your his clouds. head in the Did you vision HisI'd a place the firm. with make

Fred (tosses his head): Oh well, turn that in? has been dimmed by the mist. He's

you've got a standin with the old Fred (stands defiant for a moment, "Fagged"out. But I think his feet

man. He's always treated me rotten and then breaks down): No; I colare planted on solid earth again, and

all out come it all lected I he'll right, that but nightenough. right—when the

clears smoke away. the lost it boys, went out with and Ray: Come on, Fred, you can make

good if you try. Howell will be in a game. I've tried to make it up, Fred (goes to Mr. Howell and

dead square with you if you give him but everything has been against me, grips his hand): I'm going to try it,

a chance. and I couldn't do it. (turns to Helen) and you are going

Fred: Oh, you are going to start Mr. Howell: I know how it is, to help me, aren't you? (She takes

preaching to me, are you? Fred. But I'm going to give you his hand.)

Ray: No. (Turns away from him) another chance. This is just between Curtain

Aaronic Priesthood Correlation Plan

A T the Aaronic Priesthood conventhe outline of the plan as prepared tion Committees have not been fully "fz tion held in the Assembly Hall, by the General Committee and disorganized and set in motion, it is

April 4, 1931, there was presented a tributed in circular form last April urged that this be done at once. Where

new and comprehensive plan of cois here presented. the survey has not been made, it is

operation between all agencies in the The first project under the plan suggested that immediate action be

Church directly concerned with the was a complete membership survey. taken as a necessary step in the operaactivities of young men 12 to 20 years This survey has been completed in tion of the plan and that the plans

of age. This plan is known as the several of the stakes, in some cases outlined be put into effect at as early

Aaronic Priesthood Correlation Plan. with surprising results. In one stake a date as possible.

It marshals a large proportion of the 520 persons, members of the Church, were names found whose a were behind of the Churchmanpower not The Aaronic Priesthood number, 150 on record. Of this for the training youngprogram of

men of the Church. It has been called were young men of Aaronic PriestCorrelation Plan

"the most important movement in hood age. Correlation of All Agencies in the

connection with the Aaronic PriestEfforts are now being made by the Training of Young Men (12 to 20 hood since it was restored to the General Committee to intensify acYears) in the Wards and Stakes of earth."tivity among members of Aaronic the Church of Jesus Christ of LatterIn order that all who are concerned Priesthood quorums through the opday Saints.

with the inauguration and operation eration of the correlation plan. "Wherefore, now let every man

of the plan may have complete details, Where the stake and ward Correlalearn his duty, and to act in the office...

The Improvement Era for February, 1932 233

in which he is appointed, in all diliwork. As nearly as possible they 2. Stake Aaronic Priesthood Comgence."-—Doc. and Cov. 107:99. should be relieved of other duties in mittee.

Prepared by the Presiding Bishopric. the ward, thereby giving them every 3. Members of the High Council

General Superintendency of Sunday opportunity to become wellprepared, assigned to Sunday Schools and Y. M.

Schools, General Superintendency of influential leaders. The selection and M. I. A.

Y. M. M. I. A. and Commissioner acceptance of this duty should be made 4. Member of the Stake Superinof Education. with the definite understanding of tendency of Sunday School and of

permanency. In some instances, where Y. M. M. I. A.

Training of the Young Man opportunity and the time of the leader 5. Stake Board members of Sunday

will permit, the same men may lead School and Y. M. M. I. A. supervisin the Church of Jesus Christ in two agencies. In all they will fully ing young men, 12—20.

of Latterday Saints cooperate. 6. Representative of Stake Board

of Education. and Cooperation—of the Correlation Direction the ImmediateUnder Stake Clerk as Secretary. a of leaders, including member All Priesthood Presidency of the Aaronic Ward—7. the Sunof superintendency the wardThe Objective—day School and ward presidency of 1 Bishopric.

To prepare young men for missionthe Y. M. M. I. A. should meet with 2. Aaronic Priesthood Supervisors.

ary activity, for other church service, the bishopric once a month to correlate 3. Member Sunday School Supertnd for life. the programs and cooperate in the intendency. The Agencies—welfare of the young men. 4. Member of Y. M. M. I. A.

1. Quorums. A member of the bishopric and Presidency.

2. Sunday Schools. representatives of these organizations, 5. Sunday School Teachers and Y.

3. Y. M. M. I. A. with other men specially interested, M. M. I. A. leaders who instruct 4. Department of Education. may act as a Ward Troop Committee and supervise young men, 12—20.The Courses of Study and Activities—in scouting. 6. Representative of Ward Board

1. Through Quorums. The order of business of this of Education.

Training members in the spirit and monthly meeting should include re- 7. Ward Clerk as Secretary.

responsibility of Priesthood. ports from Priesthood supervisors, Testing their knowledge of Gospel Sunday School teachers, M Men, VanMeetings—Order of Business

essentials and their observance of comguard and Scout leaders.mandments. Individual case work should be General—Once a Month—

Assignments of duties and performconducted until every boy in the ward Correlation of General Instructions ance of ordinances. obtains the full benefit of participaand Program. Social and fraternal activities: tion in the abovenamed agencies. Stake—Once a Month——Promoting mutual welfare. Attendance at the seminaries and 1 Prayer.—Developing quorum—Honoring parents and identity.home. membershipgical Society inshouldthe Juniorbe encouraged.Genealo- 3.2. MinutesUnfinishedandBusiness.Roll Call.

—Stimulating brotherhood. The leaders of Deacons'Quorums 4. Consideration of Ward Surveys

2. Through Sunday Schools. and of Scouting should cooperate with and reports.

Principles and ordinances of the the Primary Association in preparing 5. Correlation of programs.

Gospel. advancement. for Builder boys Trail 6. Projects Special recommended by History Doctrine. Church and Immediate Proect—

, the Presiding Bishopric, General Y. I. A. 3. Through M. M. survey membership A complete School, of to Boards Y. Sunday M. M. prinapplication Gospel Proper of the of ascertain men, young number

I. Education. of Dept. A. andciples habits to personal conduct: and the the of between Church, members

7. Cooperation on supervision and in the of physical welfare and ages and 12 20 residing—Promoting leadership training. moral standards. are identified ward, and many how

8. Special Stake instructions.—Mental and character developwith these agencies.

—Socialment. relationships. Organization Personnel Ward—Once9. Benediction.a Month——Vocational guidance and civic re- 1. Prayer. Church Wide—2. Call. Minutes—Roll Bishopric. Presiding culture. 3. and Business. Unfinished—Recreationsponsibility.

Superintendency of Sunday General guidance. time 4. AttendanceEnrollment and—Leisure and Y. M. M. I. A. 4. of EducaSchool Department Through reports. Survey

tion. Department of Education.

(a) Deacons, Teachers and Priests'Weekday Bible, Church history Stake—

and Gospel study and Church activity. 1. Member of the Stake Presidency Quorums.

as Chairman. (b) Sunday School.Leadership—

1. The Ward Bishopric. (c) Y. M. M. I. A.

Note: Doctrine and Covenants, Sec. (Ways and Means of securing maxis all Bishopric 107, ver. 15—"The the Who Can It Be? imumgroups)enrollment and attendance inPresidency of this Priesthood and

holds the keys or authority of the By Mary C. Shviv 5. Correlation of programs affectsame."ing the year old boy. 12—20 sent me who WONDER Best Latterday Saint "Boy 2. The 6. Activities. I fine valentine This in theMen"Ward. 7. Projects, (a) (b) Stake. Ward, its lace edges, on With Priesthood Supervisors. (c) roses wide. that Churchtwine? And Sunday School Teachers.

Y. M. M. I. A. Leaders. There's a heart big and red vision.8. Leadership Training and SuperNote: These men should be selected With arrows stuck through;

with the greatest care, and assigned It reads right beneath it, 9. Reports to stake.

to duties of leadership because of their "My sweet, I love you!"10. Special instructions.

special ability, and aptitude for the 1 1. Benediction.

234 The Improvement Era for February, 1932

Era Directors Go Forward

Anna G. Palmer Robert E. Despain Margaret J. James Guy R. Hurst Ernest S. Potter

Franklin Stake Big Horn Stake Lyman Stake San Juan Stake Franklin Stake

HONOR COLUMN and Cottonwood, 50 subscriptions. Other Weber Stake; Twin Groves, Yellowstone;

100% Stakes stakes have also sent in large lists. Bountiful 1st, So. Davis; 3rd Pocatello;

Ensign Stake still leads in the total Holbrook, Curlew; Weston, Franklin;

Moapa 160% number of subscriptions, having reported Wellsville 2nd, Hyrum; College, Logan;

3rd, Mt. Wasatch; 2nd, Hyrum; Midway is close Stake behind running 662; LibertyCurlew 134% South Milton, Morgan; View, Lyman; is third 5 65. with 612; OgdenKanab Star Valley; Fairview, George; Ward, St. stakes have 1 1 9% Twentyfourwith above gone now

Lyman 1 1 6% the three hundred mark. Grant, Rigby; Richville, Teton; 27th,

4th, Oneida; Brigham Ensign; Dayton, 1 1Maricopa 3 % gone ten have wards hundred and One Elder; 2nd Lewiston Richmond and BoxTaylor last report. since the top our They 113% over 11th, Grande Benson; Logan; North, La

their listed in of reaching the are order FranciscoSan 111% 1st, Ephraim South and Manti Union; and as 1st follows: Cardston quotas 1Alberta 5th, Sanpete; Cache; West, So. Logan 7% WellStake; and Magrath of Alberta 2nd St. St. JosSolomonville, Eagar, Johns; 1Cache 7% Pleasant of Grove Taylor; 2nd ing Wards eph; Boise 2nd, Spanish Palmyra; ForkFranklin of 107% Otto Manilla Timpanogos; and Wards Ferry, Stake. Boise Glenns and 2nd

Franklin; of ImWhitney of Horn; BigZion Park 101% splendid the of work Improvement The

bler. Center and Manti North Union; SanpeteSouth this typified year Era conbeen has a by 100%

of Branch, Sanpete; Fresno South Wards in each the tinuous of advancement wards 1Union % Seattle California Branch, Mission; North

success, right irrespective to through on 1Pocatello States Torrence Mission; Ward, Western % business a depression. of the After camBalboa, Leland, Angeles; Palmyra; LosSan Juan 100% finished, paign has been Direceach Ward Francisco; Beaver Bear River ward, SanBear Lake tor Publicity Era has and of continued 100%

Stake; 2nd, American Alpine; Fork quietly to consistently in and go forward 1Logan % Dingle Montpelier; Ward, 13th Ward, the the Era. of Improvement work 1Oneida Pocatello; 6th, 5th, Ogden; ClinUtah; %

Parker, Yellowstone; ton, Weber;Big Horn 100% 6th, LEADERS IN THE NUMBER OF Logan; Ruth, Jensen, Uintah; Nevada; SUBSCRIPTIONS Gilbert, 1st Elder; Maricopa; Perry, Box of the the throughout wards Many

Ensign 1 662 3rd, Richville, Pocatello; Morgan; established for have a Ward, themselvesChurch

definite number of Improvement Era subPocatello; Pima, St. Joseph; Lund, Idaho; Liberty. 6 1

scriptions to obtain each month, and are Heber 1st, Wasatch; Logan 3rd, Cache; Ogden 5 65

Wellsville, Branch, Thistle KoHyrum;in that right marching through on way 495 Utah lob; FreNewdale, Blanding, Juan; Santo their of quotas. 100%

Calif. Mission 462 Oneida; Riverdale Oxford, mont; and of reports wards,"our "Each Miss

Deseret; Richfield Sevier; 4th, Sutherland, Logan 458 Director Knight, ofMinnie Era and PubHillard, 2nd, Montpelier; Woodruff;licity. the for 6 of Ladies Granite Cache 45 Young

Chester, Deseret; Sugarville, Yellowstone;Stake, "resolved, yesterday, at our Union Grant 454 Lovell Billburne, West, LyBig Horn; toMeeting, ten obtain each subscriptions

6 Pocatello Pioneer; 44 Brighton, Nevada; man; Lund,

its until quota been has obtained.month

; Preston Sunnyside, Carbon and Mapleton Falls Idaho 397 files also haveCard been adopted each by Harrisville, 6th, Franklin; Baker, Union;

will Elderward. 395 enable the This Directors of Box

St. George; No. Weber; Mt. Trumbull,each to a complete, have ward upto-date 3 9 2 ranite G St. Branch, Vernon, Fallon Johns; Nevada

list, the families not of only which have Calif. Eastern St. 379 Branch, Mission; Brooklyn Joseph

subscribed to the also Era, the but famStates HollyMission; Ward, Burbank So. Davis 374ilies that have not subscribed, as well. We Monticello, Tropic, wood; Panguitch; 364feel Mt. sure Ogden that will, Granite Stake in the Branch, San Juan; North Vancouver

near future, find its place among the Western States Mission; Gordon Branch, Salt Lake 360

leading stakes of the Church."Carbon; 4th Ward, Ogden; Emigration, Franklin 3 5 6

past the Franklin, month During San Calif. Mission; Liberty, Winnemucca, Benson 3 3 9 Big Stakes andJuan Horn have gone Martinez, ParSan Francisco; Summit,

Over the Top. owan; Pleasant View, Ogden, Salem, PalMoapa 334

The folowing stakes have reported the myra; Tridel, Uintah; Claresholm, LethNo. Weber 330

largest number of subscriptions during the bridge; Malta, Raft River; Preston 2nd, Fremont 325

Franklin, Honeyville, Ogden, 108;month: 97; Franklin; Box Elder; Byron, Alberta 3 1

California Big Horn; Independence,Liberty, 92; Mis18th, Ensign; Grant, 89;

sion, 80; St. Joseph, 69; Ensign, 62; Fremont, Logan 12th, Logan; Slaterville, East Jordan 304

Benson, 62; Logan, 50; Box Elder, 50; No. Weber; West Weber Ward, North Oneida 30 2

.:

MUTUAL MESSAGES

Executive Department} Send all Correspondence to Committees Direct to General Offices

General Superintendence General Presidency

Y. M. M. I. A. General Offices Y. M. M. I. A. Y. L. M. I. A.

GEORGE ALBERT SMITH, 47 EAST SOUTH TEMPLE STREET RUTH MAY FOX,

RICHARD R. LYMAN, LUCY GRANT CANNON,

MELVIN J. BALLARD, General Offices Y. L. M. I. A. CLARISSA A. BEESLEY.

Executive Secretary: 33 BISHOP'S BUILDING General Secretary,

OSCAR A. KIRKHAM SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH ELSIE HOGAN

HalfHour Activity suggestions.Note: See March Era for further fourDecemberRoad 26,Showat Acts,8 p. m.,on Saturday,and also

Programs for April'and May two contest plays, "In Secret Places"

Ensign Stake M. I. A. and "In the Making", on New Year's

Days, Stake and Honor Ward '"THE Eve, at 8 31, Thursday, December of sample the monthly is a The following respectively April held to be on the distributed Stake by bulletins Ensign will place take p. m. These events

officers to Botrd all ward the to 19th, a climax v form 12th and in the School Junior South High activity program as outlined in the Calendar Auditorium.

sense in they not any but do Manual Green 29, Dec. and Department Music 1931—Gold folthe conclude weeks work. The So. Grove, 44 Main Ball—Coconut in in talk 'May, four April lowing, one will and to Benge Sister Medora p. m. St.—8:30 are vital to the out of rounding in January Union our workers music Jan. 3, Program 1932—Conjoint year's can be some and made program Meeting Union Every Meeting. Era, 104. page December the—See season. pleasantest the the of of 'has planned this been season through 3, of January Court 1932—Scout 'following recommendations that music so helpful The so as to be no p. Ward—6:30 Honor—University activity five these are for offered proIt one. to miss afford director can m.

grams. Stake the desire of Music is the Com1932—Union continuation Ladies'of the subjects a to have both mittee Young 1 A Ward 1—2:30 p.Meet-m. in treated the Activity Manual. to director work a Many ing—UniversityJanuary 10, Men's and Young

wards will not have been able fully Presidents'Department in cooperation with each other. Your

to cover all they have desired in Music All executives are urged to assist organization is incomplete if it does or Drama or Dancing or Speech or their class leaders in every department not include two directors.

will the extra Story, and welcome membership. Members increased for Department Adult last available the time during few missionaries, class be should every of Davis Salt and County Lake The weeks. I. to to bring an effort and M. make to adopt decided stakes have County 2. fiveweeks'program based on A has neighbor or a friend A., who entitled, this year for a project "Imlife the of George Washington. great interested in Mutual our been not in Conditions of Health provement will fully outlined the in These be organization. is It 'proposed Schools."the Public Era.March

3. Programs prepared by the deSecretaries'Department to discuss this project upon project

year. the nights throughout com- A these in to partments, presented be are of Reports Accomplishment

the mittee representing project workers turn. excellent ones Last year some last the each of due on Tuesday

is at stakes concerned the in work initiativewere the out through worked illness other or Should any month. preparing information obtaining and is the this If various groups.of plan fail to a delay, cause reason not do

will passed suggestions which be on it isfollowed, at that recommended Secretary in get the Stake touch with leaders. to committee ward The least be George Washington. one on once, so that the at person making

called a suggests that "White book 4. miscellaneous proof group rein the place report A out your may Conference, Child 1930, House ongrams. help, ceive the report be and comse- Protection"Health should and be ) Washington. on Program ( 1 in the shortest possible pleted A time

'and a project as cured used manual. (See Era.) March thereafter. Secretaries are requested

It at obtained Deseret be may The Act. Road Show (2) to are attend A Meetings. Union They particufor 50c. Store Book They little act, clever presented by as considered A the of members Ward larly suggest that pages 167190 bethe 21st at of Ensign Stake Ward Presidency, in should and always be consulted.their annual Show, obRoad be may attendance.

tained from the General Office of Y. Young Ladies'Secretaries: The An- M Men Department

I.L. selfad- Please A. send M. enrolled each for of nual 25c Fund the Desert GymnasiBasketball at

dressed, envelope. the according to November member, every p. um, 7:15 6:15 and m picturand (3) should of Accomplishments, Vacations-—talksstamped Report applications for exAll Wednesday.izations; songs games. and See Y. the SecStake to be forwarded now eligibility rules to ceptions Basketball

I.L. Bulletin; A. Summer M. Camp it retary, in will turn forward who out, signed properly be must madeprice 25c. to the General Board. delivered at Interto once the and

Sons'Fathers and Outing (4) stake Executive Committee. Activity Community Daughters'Mothers and Plans Day.

for summer. Department Gleaner Department

(5) A OneAct Play. See ComFor Christmas Cheer Week, the A successful Project Night depends

munity Activity Manual. Ensign Stake M. I. A. will furnish upon definite assignments. Material

.

236 The Improvement Era for February9 1932

for 'these lessons must come from girls'rected. However, an interesting soluProject 3.

own Treasures of Truth books. Have tion to this problem has so far proved Christmas Ball.

girls bring stories written up, and to be a most efficient one. If the M. I. A. conducts the Christmas

read them in class. This night calls Inasmuch as only two annual conBall you may credit yourselves with 5

Manual (pp. 383The Activity in points. are inespecially each for held branch ventions good leadership.

suggestions. helpful 388) contains felt in that order to the mission, we Teachers!!! Attention Gleaner

4. Project indiinstruction the to useful give to have are being madeArrangements

Caroling. Christmas the branches, ask vidual would we at Girlsall sing "Carry Gleaner On"if 5 points with credited will be You Publicity Directors of Era and Ball. ask Pleasethe Green Gold and The carolers. Christmas out send to you

letters each us informal write month all, theall the at to Gleaners Southeast 'after meet are, know, already you songs corner of the Main Ballroom, near the telling of the achievements and probbest for this purpose. "Far, Far Away

bandstand. Teachers!! I Each Tueslems of their organizations. After on Judea's Plains"and "Silent Night"

If your appeal. assist letters their to these try lose reading never we will the repeat please on,day from now

receive to enough fortunate are their problems pubgroups with them by to sing "Carry then On",words, and to. the money use might you donations, a that in lishing paper our answers we girl classes, that each so youropen those for the Era to subscriptions secure "California the Mission have named put can the and words,will we know it. afford to unable are who a great get Messages". Mutual acwill We orchestra over. Thethem

5 Project deal of joy pubmimeographing and thrilling It a will be them.company Course. Reading little this of lishing "biggest paper girls all gathlovely these see tosight each for allowed will be point One the the Great subSouthwest"and has sing.ered to that Book Course Reading 193132

is list year. scription every growing branch. your of members read by been

Junior Department The following copy of the December Credit will not be given if the books issue will give an idea of what it is: aloud as part of the regular are read

the leave not thousand words "A program. Mutual

deed"single a print as does deep I. Project 6. Project

girl Junior of every Contact calls. personal Census and Projects.—Ibsen.same Class

age in your ward, and have them Y. 'M. M. I A. If the director of Era and Publicity

enrolled in your class before the New If the names of all male members 12 will write,a brief but comprehensive

Year. 'years of age and above are card indexed statement of the accomplishments of each

or listed in a note book and at least department in the project outlined for be awarded will five points class, some that class can showVanguard Department onethe M.visitI. madeA. andto eachan invitationone not attendingextended forthat each We wish to announce that Brother to them to attend you may credit yoursteps taken in this activity. definite

Ray Lundquist has recently been apselves with 1 points. Project 7.

pointed Stake Supervisor. Any ward Y. L. 'M. I. A. HalfHour Activity Program.

are years age of Girls to call 14 12 from please will assistanceneeding of if five points will 100% win You Primary. attend to to encouraged be 1424, at Wasatch associaLundquistBrother regular the attending If the number they in Primary, enrolled are they not the in evening. participating or afternoon areany meeting tion attend Mutual. to Adeinvited be should to Report Program. Activity HalfHour for provisions interesting made quate and December. of the month with beginScout Department program. the Nymphs'through them least if at five points will win You

is Masters Scout for age the finished Minimum 'cl/asses have activity two 21 years. The appointment of ActProject 2. courses outlined in the Activity Manual

ing Scout Masters under this age "Improvement Era"FotlowUp by December 31st.

Campaign. discouraged. beshould 8. Project reported subscriptions of number The Ball. Green and Gold of Court Scout but satisfactory, is very Honor—January branches the

if the Gold given will be points p. m. by Ten Ward—6:30 homes are there many it is that evident3rd—University Januis during conducted Ball Green and this of copies be Officers Scouts should there where Mutual Note——basis district a or either branch ary on could Possibly you available. magazine enter age years ofreaching 15 may stanfollowing the with if conform you Credit subscriptions now. those secure desire, if so theythe troop Vanguards dards: basis: following the on awarded will be forced or even be not should inbut decorated attractively be to 1. Hall a popuwith a branch for points 10 will colors so. to thoseurged do that so I. colors A. M. less securing or 75 members lation of signifiall their hearts of the to endear Followin the subscriptions more or two

meaning. cant Campaign. Up hostesses, and hosts and Patrons, 2. I. the in a A. popu- a with Work branch forM. points 10 and provided be to committee reception ihree securing members 75150 of lation Branch MissionCalifornia respect. Patrons due shown—subscriptions. more or hostesses hosts wives, and and Presidency or four 150250, Population Branch Presidents the in I. Superintendents, organizations ten A.TTtTTTH subscriptions.—M. new more

partners. and ** the in six above, state Arizona, of and Population 250 Branch

contest 193132 of 3. Demonstration disthirty-five subscriptions. five and state or Nevada, more new of

"Senorita dance, Mia". reporting each branch for points coast the 20 along evenly almost tributed and programs refreshments, 4. Light S. home. L. every in D. the Era Diego routes San from inlandand possible. if favors

to Susanville, California, the problem 5. Orchestra which will play dance

of directing the M. I. A. program music of a high standard.

in the California Mission presents a Project 9.

few problems not ordinarily met with Branch Papers.

in the various stake organizations. Comparison of your branch paper with

California the in published papers other adthese executive and of A few the to improve help will Mission you into problems ministrative must take customary paper. your The of standard in range popubranches that account if will you send be awarded 5 points

lation from less than fifty to over 1 5 copies to the mission superintendent M.

four hundred members and are located I. A., 153 West Adams St., Los Angeles,

from fifteen to eight hundred fortyby January 1 5th, 1932. A copy of each

six miles away from the Los Angeles branch paper will be sent to each M I. A.

office from which this work is diin the mission publishing a paper, also

The Improvement Era for February, 1932 237

copies will be sent to the General Boards of the M. I. A. at Salt Lake City and *.. two will be kept on file at the mission Community Activityoffices.

Project 10. Annual Ensign Stake time to treat ward 'members to aReports.

Year Gold "Happy New Green and will point this be given again One

For a small each, they sum for every at report received the Gold and Green Ball Outing".month

could raise $20.00 and give three office AngelesLos time. on plan of Stake Ensign was npHE tickets an hundred free. to ward members for reports Blanks are sent out with variexperiment the which gave

the above and statistics showing the ous wards opportunity to finance the Perhaps one wellto-do man in comparative standing of all 'branches Ball as they chose. It is presented your ward would welcome the opporgathered and tabulated. here with the thought of its helpfultunity of buying the outing. It's a

ness to other stakes: rare chance for the Bishopric to invite

the ward as their guests; or a good

George Washington opportunity 'for one organization to

The following plan, endorsed and invite all others. There are so many

Bicentennial Celebration approved by the M. I. A. Stake offiways for profit and gain that we hesicers, is submitted for your careful tate to suggest further realizing that

Special Sunday Evening consideration: your plan is perhaps best of ] all, but

Service We will supply your Ward with as a parting reminder, may we sug- (Joint Session first Sunday in March) 300 tickets, valued at $150.00, 'and gest how simple it would be for a

A S noted in the Era for January, atising.generousWesupplyask inof returndignifiedforadverthis andward wrapto takethemthe threein twentyhundredseparatetickets

the M. I. A. is to sponsor seven $20.00 only. Everything in excess packages containing fifteen tickets to

events as a part of the George Washis for your ward, to be used'as your a bundle, and sell them for $1.00 a

ington bicentennial celebration. releasing the tickets, direct. The Bishop and Committee may bundle—not

first one Birthhowever, until (a George Washington bunthe entire twenty dance not be The may or may day party) was described in the Era given with a view of making money, dles were signed for and paid for atlast month. The second—a Sunday depending upon the 'plan you select as $1.00 per bundle. Or if you would

Evening Service—is herein outlined. best suited for your ward. The preprefer to raise $25.00, divide the 300

The bicentennial commission at vailing motive back of the plan, howtickets into fifty bundles containing

Washington, D. C., has been provided ever, should guarantee in some form six tickets to a bundle and sell them

with the names and addresses of Stake ways and means for placing in the in a like manner to fifty customers for

Superintendents of Y. M. M. I. A. hands of every ward member desiring fifty cents a bundle; not releasing any

who will be furnished with the litersame a ticket to the Gold and Green bundle until the entire fifty were signed ature necessary for carrying out the Ball. Ensign Stake is ten thousand for and paid 'for in full. What an

program. Ward workers will be supstrong, and we are bidding for mass opportunity for such a buyer to orplied by their stake officers. participation on a floor that will comganize and invite his own select group

patriotic Colonial and music should as a result perhaps fortably accommodate four thousand of friends—and

featuredbe such as "America", enroll "The in some new members the M. people. encourage The plan must

Star Spangled Banner", "America the ward attendance in a body. I. A.

Beautiful".

regarding the $20.00. Now, that Some suggest for in we go we May

I. as religious a man. Washington

sell to wards ticket plan every fifty may get couples and volume it—enlist Religious as a(See Washington Man, a possible apply profit and $130.00 will personally pledge themselves who issued 5 Georgepamphlet No. by to sundries. toBishops, ward to Other present act as be patrons and from Bicentennial Commission.Washington

all gether officers with teachward officer and ward. will willingEach'your

also See "George C.Washington, D. ers, is it decide that ideal five. may see ly an a large Contacting group Christian"). theWashington

(a) In his recognition of God's help as made manifest in the success of the colonial armies.

(b) In his attitude toward God as expressed in his own personal life.

(c) In his reverence toward God.

as manifested in his orders and his addresses to the army and 'congress.

II. The founding of the Nation a '<MM\

Divine Manifestation. (See Book of

Mormon, I Nephi 13:10 to 20, 30.

12. and 1:5 to Doc.31: II Nephi,;

,, it'\t ii.wii.,- >JS Brt **>5 1,* r.fjf. * Sec. Sec.Cov.. 80. 101:77, 109:54).

(a) In the discovery of America.

(b) In the Declaration of Independence.

(c) In the Constitution of the

United States.

given by can be * two topics The *m t'aU'M *M't t>v lady, a or sneakers, and a mantwo each division of the topic assigned to individual speakers.

"America"could be sung for the closing song, the last verse 'being resung reverently as a special concert benediction. M. /. A. Mixed Chorus, Utah Stake

238 The Improvement Era for February, 1932

of this character is good advertising and should insure success. Talk thedance with enthusiasm. Hundreds are MenGleanersanxiously awaiting it. The crowd M

will 'be large; the evening one of IOR the first Tuesday in the month Who knows the right of it

solid enjoyment. May our wards go of February the suggestive proBut feels the might of it

forward enmasse with strength and gram is "Etiquette of the Flag."(See Through day and night;

it, care for Womanhood'spower to Gleaner Manual, p. 141; M Men it; dare for Made manhood

is "Make Ensign Lead". Manual, given p. 25.) Reference Purity's it prayer for

Note: This plan will be uniform, The Right Thing at all Times, pp. Kept it so White.

except in the case of the largest and 9396. For this evening you may

smallest wards, to whom tickets will have a debate or you may enjoy a Here's to the Blue of it it, of viewbe supplied as patriotic topic deHeavenly program. for The

it, Starspangled of blue is tickets for bate Eighteenth that the "Resolved American Ward—3follows:'75 it, Honesty's due of people colonial the of$25.00. period observed

true; Constant and

for tickets the general courtesies University better than modthe to Here's whole of Ward—225$15.00. ern Americans."Refer to the M MenStars, stripes, and pole ofit, it

Gleaner Department in the December Here's to the soul of it,

Report of M. I. A. in Era,If p.you107,preferfor helpsto giveon athepatrioticdebate. Red, White and Blue.

Utah Stake program in place of the debate, the For the month of March the joint month of February suggests a historprogram is "Table and Dinner Eti-

T AM sending you, under separate ical program, including the story of quette."(See M Men Manual, p.

cover, a photograph. Last Sunthe flag, patriotic incidents, courtesy 141; Gleaner Manual, p. 25.) Refday, in our Sunday night quarterly to people of all nations, together with erence given is The Right Thing at

conference, the Utah Stake M. I. A. patriotic songs, "America, The Beauall Times, pp. 148155; 158161.

officers were in charge. We had an tiful,"etc. History in connection Demonstrations of setting table forunusually fine program. Two hunwith the writing of the "Star Spanvarious functions—use of silver, etc.,

dred nine young people from every gled Banner"and the respect due the seating and serving, will be interestward in the stake were gathered toNational Anthem would be of ining and helpful.

gether into one big chorus 'group. terest. This can be found in The Adah R. Naylor, in her article

These young people attend Junior and BeeKeeper's Book, p. 174; Boy Scout "Laying the Foundation for Good

Senior high school and in the music Handbook, p. 61. The History of the Manners,"given in the November

classes they were taught the songs United States'Flag is given in the Era, p. 36, says: "It 'is said that

Inasconference. at our Scoutthey sang Boy Handbook, 4956; pp. eat people feed—uncivilized

'as these people Keeper 1 74. s Book, p. See Scoutmuch Boy refinement of culture and Bee-—personsanimals

girls, '5767, and youngerJunior Handbook, BeeKeep- and pp. as it Irnay, all that areM Vanguards,Men, dine. Be us of

younger Gleaner Girls, we claim them er's Book, pp. 51, 165167 for "Reconsume food daily, and the manner

as our M. I. A. chorus. They sang spect due the Flag."in which we do it adds to, or deabout eight excellent numbers and tracts from the physical pleasure to

the feature song was "The Challenge"The Flag be derived from eating. Much of our

written by J. Spencer Cornwall. Here's to the Red of it social life centers around the 'festive

People were thrilled by the work There's not a thread of it, board'and a knowledge of correct it a shred of nor No, girls this chorus.of Junior and gives us ease table manners a The an and

all it the In spread of parts speakingthe gave Vanguards pleasure. poise that to adds our much to head foot From inthe very were which is programon etiquette usutable too, our Then, it. bled heroes But Hot

teresting. We thought that the naFaced steel and lead for it, ally regarded by strangers as an index

ture of the chorus and the type of Precious blood shed for it, of our breeding, so I should say that work which was done, was such as to Bathing it Red. knowing how to eat nicely is of great

merit a picture; consequently a picture Here's to the White of it importance."Again she says: "A

was taken of the chorus which, by the Thrilled by the s sight of it, beautiful custom connected with famway, was under the direction of Proily meals is the saying of grace. Isn't

fessor Ernest Paxman of the music it Robert Louis Stevenson who says, school. thedepartment of high Provo a like saying quiets a 'Nothing man Task A is the picture part lower ofThe feeling pause, the quiet The L. H. Welker prayer?'of By officials; part the upper I. A.the M. all thankfulness, a in of puts mood

of the picture consists of the chorus. TF to me a task is given to enjoy and digest the food."

I say, I'll do it,""Sometime * And as active at are unusually "Eat your you own Men Our M it neglect Then it at table the is planned Basketballthis would year. In of a king."—Contable it, reject And fucius. classic this Basketball oneto make

it bigger grows, hour Hour by little call stake attention to the 'be againto remembered. Men Our We M Like shows. ugly an nightmare

officials have asked for the support playlet, "The Right Thing at the is given If to a task me Societies Relief be obtained the can the Bishops which Right andof Time,"

I right in start to do it, And reOffice get at the a to General the stake help crowd Board upon themof it right through Wade playlet for charge. will quest, the without go Thisbecause all of money it, subdue And

the benefit of the unemployed. We are Hour by hour it smaller, grows, is very appropriate for presentation

going to have some real M Men adTill my heart with victory glows. at the March M MenGleaner Joint

Etivertising Dinner out Program, "Table and of it. All seem to be Life gives each a task morn to me

cast the playlet for the work.enjoying The it. quette."face to I have each day And

In the Era drive and Fund drive Will I meet it should be selected in sufficient time everybody is working. I do hope we And defeat it? and everything in readiness for the

can make a 100% for both. If work Could I but this lesson learn, program for the first Tuesday in

will do—Thos.it, thatL. willMartin,happen.Stake Sapt. Soul's satisfaction I would earn. March.stamped envelope.Please send selfaddressed,

.

The Improvement Era for February, 1932 239

sons who can offer something in the form of inspiration. Truly the most Menthat even a friend can give to me isM inspiration and encouragement; I personally must do the actual doing. So

give me friends who cheer and support me rather than discourage and depress me!

I have found one who is particularly well qualified to fill this capacity of friend, one whose worldwide experience and deep understanding can assist me greatly in solving those many little problems I meet every day. This

friend of mine can give me very sound advice and helpful counsel; his life has

been broad and his contacts have been many. Indeed, I may say that he is

a group of friends in one, for he draws from the lives of millions to make up the fulness of his own. This

friend of mine can give me a finer appreciation of beauty and can show

Missionary Basketball Team, Hatcaii me how to find it always, even in the midst of that which I might call '""PHE L. D. S. Missionary Basketticular one of these has contributed commonplace. He can point out the

his part In the realization of me. Honolulu, of of T. H., ball Team life. to the more way abundant He

these facts rechoose only one with playing I nowalthough my friends has to offer nothing is not me which serve man in the Senior A. A. U. carefully. Those persons who can for my good, for my highest and

League of Honolulu, was the only contribute something to that which I most lasting good. He encourages

better a award, receive an Koa consider myteam to to friend. become a self are those whom me more worthy

for Shield. I want Sportsmanship By many my friends.wood building that better He is Me.

the team was called the wonder team In my limited life I have learned Since I have found so 'much of of the league. Despite the handicap to seek only the best; indeed, what good in him, I commend to you my

and playing against such teams as justification can there possibly be for friend, The Improvement Era.

I Hawaii, seeking is inferior? that McKinley University of whichthe—Idaho Falls Stake. certain definite find to desirable A., leadexpect School, the Y. M. C.High

ing Japanese and Chinese teams, the qualities in my friend: he must be

S. trustworthy; boys, Team, apprehaveL. he must or "Mormon"an D. Life Code '\carried off called, it most ciation of trueas beauty; be My he must was

of the honors. Their power of encapable of giving me sincere, symTDLAIN food for the stomach, vigordurance 'through clean living preached pathetic advice and cooperation; he ous exercise for the muscles, pure

many a sermon. The first and second must be dependable. air for the lungs, sound sleep for

high point men were of this aggre- I do not want that person for a the nerves, good cheer for the liver, gation, the first, Elder Harry V. friend who is ever bringing to my great thoughts for the head, holy

Brooks, making a total equal to twice attention the undesirable features of aspirations for the heart, kind deeds that made by any other player of this life. I do not want that one for neighbors, and pure love for God

the league. W. A. Kowallis placed who says, "Isn't that just too bad.—these things make life worth living

second. Their sportsmanship was the Isn't it a shame that times are so and heaven sure of winning.talk of Honolulu during and long hard!"I want only those cheery per- i—Nephi Jensen.

after the end of the season. While"

there were no more than six players in the squad at any one time because of releases from mission service, there were nine men who actually played with the team during the season.

They were as follows: W. A. Kowallis, H. B. Nielsen, H. B. Brooks.

E. C. Kimball, S. E. Jacobsen, Ray

Gammon, Lawrence Ward, A. D.

Peterson, and C. Keola Murphy. L.

O. Nelson acted as manager. The

photo is that of the original six (the first named) Introducing a Friend By AN M MAN pVERYTHING through which I have passed in experience has made a definite part of me. I am

the product of my various experiences, and much that I am is a result of the influence of those whom I have learned to call, "Friend."Each parHollywood Stake Basketball Team

240 The Improvement Era for February, 1932

After finishing one line, and before 4&0—starting another, I invariably found a

to. lot 'F friend to talk helped out a ThatGleaner Girls

as as far the concerned, but day was aided mental much how own my is task. just preserved, be joy your may

I friends processes saying, for am itnot grade the school, of Write day in full are rather advice of always who in high school, in college that holds outdo 'themselves on such occasions.

special meaning for you. Keep in From one I would learn that I should

mind that it is the personal element by all means take Economics, and then which gives life and interest to this another would decry the idea with horror.

portion of your "Treasures". Your One had just heard that Professor Blank

day of baptism, your eighteenth or was 'a marvelous teacher, but another had twentyfirst birthday, your graduation been told by some one who really knew, terrible. he was quite birththat armistice day, the day, 100th

fact reasons, that the these and For suggestions are the Church, of day but definite itself has very institution the some which may bring to your mind days ideas 'on the matter of curricula of study, of special significance to you, which my course suffered frequent changes of should find a place among your both major and minor significance. I

"Treasures of Truth."also found that there are traditions to

We give below two "special days."be observed, atmosphere to be absorbed,

and a great deal to 'be learned outside

My Registration at College theTheclass excitement,room. the worry, the conin- discovery fusion the of and own my enthusiastic Gleaner group of An I last stucollege a fullfledged am A T 'all significance to reduce served had my girls First girls, These Phoenix Ward. *- I dent, a up day! and went what I spirits easily a to low, and might new parthe slogan adopted have 100% pretty the to important University a the for expired spot one have but on ticipation Treasures in gleaning full poise graduate, pride, school of high of I I realized that thing. really didn't Truth.

I a learning; very and came away tmt all the the of burdens have world upon

disillusioned much for there about were own shoulders person, a freshman my of the rank and file. present others there help to a thousandProject

First of all I thought the college faculty me bear them. They have been borne

'""PHE project plan this year calls would be pleased that I had elected to before by other freshman classes, and I source, particular that at learning rather guess history will repeat itself. my "Treasures of draw for only not

manifest their pleasure be that would and prepared to be books by theTruth"however, 'sort Such, of welcome. in some

girls class leaders, theGleaner and by Real case, "Thrill"the to and appear be did not my A but also for ward, stake and Church reception took the form of a thousand "Treasures of Truth"books. The fellow beginners, all equally as confused TT was on the train, speeding across

ward book should contain contribuas I, pushing up to offices, waiting for the miles from Canada to Utah, tions from each member of the Gleaner lines to melt away which led to O. K.'s, that, as people do on trips, I picked

group; the stake book should have approvals, permissions, rejections, credit out a few interestinglooking fellow -

like. the consultations analyses, and The travelers, the books; set acselections and to about ward from and become

I line, longest, almost slowestmoving and in the General Especially to compiledthe be quainted them. did with book

It treasurthe to led ever in saw my Office of conwill a I enjoy be upBoard made young on was woman who fitness office, er's real absorb to where life.my

stake the to books.tributions her school in California, for from way We the a in college education weighed was

would appreciate it if ward Gleaner balance, and where for some reason, I got it was not long until we had disleaders would commence compiling the idea that learning is still somewhat covered that our interests were similar, the contributions from the girls'of a luxury. and many pleasant hours did we spend

books, so that by May first these ward contributions may be compiled by the stake Gleaner leaders, ready for mailing to the General Board Office not later than 'May twentieth.

Special Days

TOR the month of February the project night will be devoted to the "red letter days"in your lives, "special days you like to remember."

(See Gleaner Manual, p. 18.) They

may be days of mirth and play, days aglow with adventure, or days which have touched your inner spiritual nature and uplifted your soul. You are

recording them in your treasure books so that their joy and beauty may not be dimmed by the hazy fog of memory which deepens with the years.

Life is made up of days, a new one every morning—some days that repeataccompaniment—somethemselves like thethatchordsformof thean Gleaner Class organized in Wilmington, Delaware. Onlymotif of the melody of life. To one of these girls belongs to the Church, the others have been

catch the melody, that its throbbing drawn together through their interest in girls'group activities.

The Improvement Era for February, 1932 241

discussing life, literature and the pursuit happiness. of Occasionally she * disappear forwould a few moments Junior Girlsand the aroma she brought back with

her spelled cigarettes. At meals, Project Lesson in Denmark, These shoes were worn

which we took together, she added by her greatgrandmother, her grand- a few drops from a flask to her beverBaptism for the Dead mother and her mother. One girl

age, and several times she deserted me (Feb. 2nd) wore a beautiful shawl which belonged

to join others in a game of bridge. FT would be well to assign all proto her grandmother in the old counOn the second day we had become ject lessons some two weeks before try.

good friends, and in token of her the evening of presentation. If posIn many European countries it was

pleasure she offered me cigarettes, sible a brief outline should be given the custom for people to wear pretty

Each lady possessed for Liquor, and an invitation one to play for the benefit of do not aprons. those who

special occasions. bridge. I of these Quietly Some aprons refused; again access to the References she have manual.

offered. Upon the second refusal, might be given and several girls apwere very expensive. One member

followed by the third and fourth, a pointed to study them so as to be able brought an apron her mother had worn. queer Then knitted expression there were school into face. her came to give a five minutes'talk on same.

jackets Finally bags, baby displayed. she could and hats hold her peace teacher should very encourage no The

longer. free discussion on the subject. She Also many pictures of old school

"You don't seem like a prude in should explain all necessary steps to be houses, churches, homes and scenery other ways. Haven't you ever had a taken in regard to attending to these of old home town in Europe.

party thrill? The was opened prayer with Life must be unbearable in the to ordinances temples. By parwhich of the girls someanyone refuses read intereverything who ticipating in this activity splendid the after

esting."hearts of the girls will be made glad stories they had written about the

And into my memory came a thrill and thankful and their testimonies of "Lands My Parents Came From".

I had had; so I told her about it; the gospel more firmly established. These were most interesting and inIt was on the prairie, in Canada. spiring.

From the enthusiasm of girls theThe snow oblitwere was deep—roads

erated they and communication the Junior Costume Party I believe with will plan their even lives nearest neighbors impossible. a in such and Warm way that their stories will was Project Tuesday FT inside cozy the 'house had no thought we for the be even interesting more than those

Girls in Junior the Thirtythird of danger through isolation, in our but of their parents.

the of middle I Liberty Stake. of the night Ward Teachers awakened was The Mutual Presidency, Bishopric the by tells ominous girls sound which a enthusiastic of and were over their and mothers were guests the of croup. twins, baby Our *both them, of party they had called, planned and evening. Refreshments were served were gasping in wheezing and a way "Lands Parents Our came From."and games played suitable their struck for which terror to heart. Far my girl teacher Each and to the came party. a from One doctor; game in which Tvas called completely, snowed dressed ward in a representing costume fires and "America no or possible steam and at 'within Europe"created much the their lands parents from. came least hour, an helpless were far we so merriment.

It interesting very to was that as note earthly assistance went. But we had Austin—Portia greater other help of these at number call. were from our the the Holding Stake Junior Leader. three countries: a blessing, to authority 'pronounce Denmark, Scotland my

oil, the husband, taking consecrated adand England. Spring Festival The the ministered in the of to the name Lord their wore mothers'They and

suffering, babies; his choking prayer and are pleased to learn We that dresses, grandmothers'many wedding shawls heard. fire was before the was Long stakes are already planning for a beads. also carried and fans They the kettle hot or steam the even warm, "Spring Festival."It is well start to their purses and parents or grandlittle twins naturally were breathing and

were fast asleep. parents had used. In addition they early, have committees appointed and

My new friend listened in silence. broughttheir parentsrelics orwhichgrandparents.had belongedOneto outlinesThe made.committee recommends that

"Yours was.the real thrill,"she said. girl brought a pair of wooden shoes our Festival be kept youthful, festive

made by her greatgreat-grandfather and inexpensive, avoiding formalities which should be left for later years.

Course of Study EjOR the month of February, The Junior Girl and the discussions eleven and Program for 193132 twelve of the History of the program, broad, however will "rO inChaptersChurch, 31 27 to the reach heart girl of every in clusive, the of pp. 171199 detail, every but a wellbalanced proGleaner Manual, will be given gram, such as the Junior one for this

We suggest the following referseason, will have in it something to ences: appeal to every girl. In the past four

The outstanding figure in this years, no program has given such a part of the history of the Church beautiful completeness, and furnished such great sources interest of for the is President Young. Brigham A

girls as has the this for one year. In life is his in givensketch of Our

the study course—"Building a Life,"226People,Church and pp. in the "Larry,"reading course book, President of death Bng238; in the and Story project—"My

of Heart Young, Motham The I Lest is a feeling of Forget"—there Essen435-438;monism, pp. is correlation delightful. which The

tials in Church History, pp. Junior Girls problem facing the Junior leader is to

563564. 33rd Ward, Liberty Stake present the subjects in such a way as

242 The Improvement Era for February, 1932

to bring about free and helpful discussion, to create interest in the pro- >ject and to stimulate activity in the BeeHive Girls reading of "Larry".

To solve this problem, one needs Calendar 136, 138, 144 and 146. Get some

enthusiasm, clear objectives, a thorscrap books of graduate Bee Hive Girls ough knowledge of the subject, a March 2 for suggestions as to what interests the girls, material obtaintypes of and Juniorlove for the work girls and Nymphs—Guide XXI—Business able locality for scrap in your books. patience neverending them,with and in Hive and Home.

a prayerful heart. Play game 7. Animal Team Race, XXI—Textiles. Builders—Guide or are a Life Building Discussions on XXI—Taste the Gatherers—Guide Optional so full the girls are for to guide,easy of Service. Sweetness 37, Birds, Night—Spendin Nymph Book.the time

of the subject that they respond readMarch 9 filling cells, practicing Bee Hive songs, guides, reviewing incompleted doing project It easily. was the ily and XXII—Business Nymphs—Guide activities service for others, or in some difficult, being, at first waswhich as in Hive and City.

girls the for requested have but strange. Keeping and it was, new XXII—Mending. Builders—Guide insufficient there has been which time objectives of twofold thein mind XXII—Service which Gatherers—Guide until now. heriappreciation of ourcreating an Cells.

tage and inspiring the girls to live March 1 their own makelives which would Nymphs—Guide XXIII Aids to Swarm Day I outlined method lovely,stories my Health.

is to be held inof attack, and the first evening seemed Builders—Guide XXIII—UnderTF your Swarm Day

to fire the girls with enthusiasm. stand Beauty. the spring, it is time now to begin

entire outline of the a brief I gave Get out planning program. your Gatherers—Guide XXIII—Nasee the girls might thatproject, outstanding activities notes on your the ture's Phenomena.

thing completely from the beginning, March 23 presented by the girls during this seathe folpresented to themand then these for to son, and substitute some of XXIV—Aids Nymphs—Guide questions: thoughtprovokinglowing the the events suggestions named in City. in Hive and Health

experiences the Will I remember in pages Bee 195 193 to given on XXIV—Beauty Builders—Guide their inof girls the Keepers review Book. my grandparents Have heroic in the Home.

struggles in helping to build this comGatherers—Guide XXIV—Open. them. Also make a list of the scrap

monwealth? March 30 books and articles of hand work whicb

sacrifices the which Will I remember so ask the can commendable, you Nymphs—Guide XXV—First Aid. are

bethat I might parents made girlsmy individually these to for itemscome what I am? Builders—Optional. be exhibited at the proper time. Will the stories my grandfather told Gatherers—Optional.

ro forever mind? me be fresh in my story Helps and Suggestions Tests the remember I always Will

and Book,of BeeKeepers the romance of my Mother the familiar with Are your girls Textiles—See

historyFather; and the interesting of pages Make your 126 to 129. are stake, astest questions and for your

the towns where they were born? signments early enough so the girls they reviewing and preparing for this

The answer to all these questions can be well prepared with samples event in connection with graduation?

is done and information. Use a microscope Stake Bee Keepers, see Bee Keepers'was "No—unless something

to preserve the stories". What could (perhaps at your local high school), Book, pp. 7 and 195.

be done? Writing them in the examine the textiles until you are

of before fibresform identify the can you a story called "My Story—sure Helpful Thoughts

ILest Forget". invite girls; the or instruct to you try

We tried to impress the fact that the domestic arts instructor or some "No man works harder against his in the future it would be a great other competent person to give the own interests than the man who source of joy and satisfaction to have demonstration. works for them exclusively."

recorded the story of babyhood, childNitric acid is dangerous. If you "Character is * * * faith in great

hood and girlhood, with a few sketchmake any tests with it, be extremely ideals and a steadfast and sacrificial es of family, friends and the old careful not to get it on your skin or devotion to those ideals."

home. How will this record be pos clothing. "How many of us are there who

ible unless you begin? Play game 1 1. Thread the Needle, find fault with others because they

I then gave a suggestive outline given in Nymphs Book. do things we do not want to do ourselves?"developfollow, girls Young might Understand thewhich Beauty—See "Who is there gifted with Divine 669. original Journal, 1919, page their in ing it way. Womans'own

We discussed the kind of dresses worn In the Ladies Home Journal, December wisdom sufficient to pass judgment when the girls were infants, the lock issue, is an article and illustrations enon anybody else?"

of hair mother cut from baby heads titled Glass Gardens. You may also I took a day to search for God,

gardens, Japanese the and and carefully; toys Chinese so savedand make as I trod But found Him not.

all pretty. the some And are us for very gifts hoarded Would she has which ledge, through un woods By rocky

in interested girls making actubeyears. cannot of course of your These tamed

ally be included in the book, but one of these? Just where one scarlet lily flamed

See Bee in the sketches candescriptions be drawn Beauty and Home -—the sod. 75. I saw His footprint in 71 pages 69, interesting. Keepers'and Book, more book to make the Carman.—Bliss

Some girls are ahead of the others, Taste the Sweetness of Servicebut we must always keep in mind the See The Instructor for October this "The footprints are there; the

thought that "No success is attained year, page 615 (Walt Whitman V. stroke and color of the Master Painter

by a leap and a bound, but by patient also Young Woman's Journal, 1920, are there; the lines of the Great Deplodding—Harrietand many F.resolves."Hagen, pageNature's90. Phenomena—See Bee Infinitesigner areis there;there;—everywhere,the beauty of theall

Belvedere Ward, Grant Stake. Keepers'Book, pages 131. 134, 135, about us. Bliss Carman found these

Th& Improvement Era for February, 1932 243

lovely, inspiring, wholesome and dharmingly simple things. I havefound some of them. You may find VanguardsScouts

them. Heaven is no larger than the

range of your vision, no farther from fiftytwo heroes who gave their all you than the compass of your voice."for the equality of right. These tabSee your Era Director, and read lets are symbolically guarded by two

page 3 of the Era Speedometer for field artillery pieces. Two iron flag10, 1931—"Don'tDecember Be Dispoles also grace the Drive.

*couraged."Fitting that individual and proper

monuments be placed on the "DriveReport from Wayne Stake way", Norwegian Maple trees of lasting duration were planted to ever

Officers of the Y. L. M. I. A. of emulate the growing esteem held for

Wayne Stake feel much encouraged those who fell in battle, with a small with the work that is being accombronze tablet at the foot of the tree plished by the BeeHive girls. with the soldier's name which it stands

Most of the ward associations are for.

planning to have exhibits of fancy Troop 18, Ogden Fourth Ward, work and canned fruits and vegeGateway Council, was given the honor tables. On the 7th of November, the of caring for the young trees, the

girls of Ward the TorreyBee Hive the proper. and driveway Ogden in conTroop IS, entertainment, andgave an laurels also Fourth Ward flowerbedsAdded were the tendered Council Gateway their it fancy displayednection with the raising troop with the of "Stars

work and canned goods, the result of and Stripes"on each legal holiday.

two month's work. Three prizes Patriotism and Fraternalism Rain or shine, wind or snow, for

units best the for awardedwere years, eleven Troop of By C. CLARENCE CLARKE girl received yearwork. pledge to our A second War 1Dead.8 has fulfilled its 1 Scoutmaster, Troop girls first year prize,the first and two

received the second and third prizes. A HUMAN voice heard in the

During the short program which was natural, the first time in months;

carried out, a play, "The Spirit of the rustle of a few leaves and the octhe Hive", composed by the Torrey casional twitter of a bird; The ArBee Keeper was produced. At 7 mistice.

o'clock P. M. a banquet was served to Thousands of human energies fallen

fourteen BeeHive girls, twelve mothin line of duty. Sacrificing beyond

ers, four stake officers, and two Bee realization to be forgotten? No;

Keepers. The table was decorated in someone must carry on. Carry on

BeeHive colors, with flowers and the memory of those who gave their hives containing real bees. Followall in the cause of world Peace.

ing the banquet a dance was enjoyed Monuments, memorials, statues and by members of the ward and stake. driveways all depict a sorrowing naWhile the dance was in progress, the tion's gratitude to those still left and

girls sold a quilt they had made, the a memory of those less fortunate.

money received from the sale being Ogden began to Carry On this used to finish a room for them to memory by the erection of a Gold hold their classes in. Star Driveway, the first World War

The BeeHive workers of Wayne Memorial of its kind in Utah. One of the Bronze tablets with

Stake send greeting to other workers The entrance is made from 20th field piece and flag pole.

throughout the Church and wish them street and Madison Ave., where the

are learning and appreciating that in timesuccess throughout—By Sylviathe Coleman.year. Twoform bronzeof two tabletsstar flowerhave beenbeds placedshow. theirWesacrifices of the war,

Stake BeeKeeper. there also bearing the names of the of distress, we too might adhere to

that Scout law of loyalty and patriotism, and defend as valiantly as they the cause of equal rights and liberty.

Our Scouting Fraternity feels that it is honored to have the privilege of officiating in this memorial service, teaching Scouting in a practical way. Such things we feel will make

splendidcitizens—theScouts,aimrealof menScouting.and sterling

One of the largest groups ever assembled locally at a banquet met recently in the interests of Scouting, in

Salt Lake City. About nine hundred men sat down together to discuss over the table the matters pertaining to this cause. Watch the March

The Gold Star Driveway, looking north from twentieth street. Era for a detailed account of the affair.

M. I. A. Monthly Report of Accomplishments, November, 1931

i.Sti f*- oM sCO ft ft Gt3S 5ft no3W conNo. of Wards

0) it or- 3 sm m O No. of Music Groups * u ducting departments S35 A gt tag3.2 >> 1 CO.5 3 ganized in Stake in: I!BS > R o w.5 "Hd fl5 ft.3 Qi u aa so P 2mo O

r3 coO.J3 <M TjP T3 133 boa aS $13 i <4 a o tills O v,.<H o. -P 3,'S -M o (3 O.213 C sfiio S

H3 toH "3 3 13.83

<u m3u a a B 3 0)8 >.H S"3to3 -S T3OS J3o }* >H JH >4 Pdest PL, W Q a Sol So

Alberta 11 10 7 5 6 10 1 64 9 1 4| 9 6 6 Alpine 6 6 5 6 3 5 95 Bannock Bear Lake 119 119 98 4 29 88 62 12 97 95

Bear River 12 12 9 11 11 9 80 1 12 12 14 6 Benson 9 11 12 10 72 1 2 11 12 6 Big 2 Horn 5 3 5 4 5 5 77 "9 Blackfoot 14 12 9 5 4 2 90 4 12 12

Blaine 7 4 4 1 3 4 2 2 38 1 4 3 25 6 6 6 3 4 2 1 5 1 85 6 6 11 Boise '10IS Boxelder 18 9 13 10 6 6 4 85 2 12 12.... 8 6 7 7 Cache 4 3 80 7 7

Carbon 9 7 6 7 6 7 5 3 2 98 2 6 6 36

Cassia 5 4 4 4 4.... 75 4 4 1

Cottonwood 10 10 10 10 10 62 10 4 5

Curlew 6 5 5 5 2 2 4 4 3 Deseret 12 8 8 8 8 6 2 3 33 8 8 7

East Jordan 11 11 10 11 11 9 3 1 95 11 11 5 3 11.7 6 7 6 Emery 4 2 36 5

.... 8 Ensign 7 6 4 39 7 2 4 6 8 8

Franklin 11 10 10 9 2 9 5 6 4 3 75 4 1 10 10 6

Fremont 14 14 11 14 2 12 11 9 3 5 85 3 14 14 8

Garfield 8 8 6 8 8 8 7 3 4 75 2 7 5 4

Granite 10 10 7 3 9 8 6 2 2 75 2 10 4 3 14 11 12 5 Srant 6 5 11 11 5 6 4 75 12 3 8U

G 3 6 3 5 Gunnison 2 3 4 3 2 6 6 2 42 14 14 14 Hollywood 9 13 10 4 3 10 5 63—12 14

1 6 3 4 2 4 [daho 5 4 3 3 3 50 9 4 12 11 Idaho Falls 12 1 12 1 9 2 76 '""2 "i 123 103 36 3 1 5 3 3 2 Juarez 3 1 5 6 5 5 7 Kanab 3 3 1 2 "89 1 22 33

Kolob 5 5 3 5 1 4 s 3 2 85 5 4

Lehi 7 6 6 4 5 6 5 6 4 3 85 2 1 5 2

Liberty 12 12 9 11 1 12 11 10 1 95 1 ] 1 2 12 7 11 Logan Los Angeles 11 li"*9 "9 11 1111 76 58 56 43 9087 1 1 11 1111 1011

Lost River 5 5 4 4 5 2 3 1 1 88 5 5 2 3 7 1 61 3 3 Lyman "9 "4 9 6 "s 6 3 1 Malad 2 9 5* 10 10 10 6 6 Maricopa 11 6 9 10 93 61 3 99 9 5 6 3 B 5 4 5 1 Millard 1 100 5 1 5 1 2 2 4 2 Minidoka 8 65 1 45 35 42 9 9 9 6 6 7 3 5 3 75 9 7 Moapa 9 7 9 7 6 7 5 Montpelier l 14 5 4 8 46 8 4 1 5 5 5 4 5 3 1 1 5 5 69 5 Moroni—3 5 4 8 2 5 5 3 99 4 Mt. Ogden

9 "9 9 9 9 8 6 60 3 9 2 9 Nebo 6 "i

Nevada 7 6 2 6 2 5 3 1 2 31 3 3 3

North Davis 7 7 6 6 7 7 7 6 2 3 80 1 6 6 6

North Sanpete.... 5 5 5 3 5 5 4 4 3 3 80 4 4 1

North Sevier 4 3 1 2 3 2 1 2 100 2 3 8 2

North Weber 14 10 6 9 9 9 9 8 1 65 9 6 4

Ogden 12 12 6 10 11 12 12 9 1 90 12 9 9

Oneida i 11 11 8 9 10 9 9 4 50 11 11 10

Oquirrh 6 6 6 6 6 6 5 5 96 5 4 1

Panguitch 6 3 3 3 3 3 3 75 3 3

Parowan... 11 9 8 5 6 5 8 85 9 9

Pioneer 10 9 5 7 8 9 G 75 9 9 Pocatello \. 10 10 9 10 6 10 7 G 94 9 9 8

Portneuf 8 7 4 5 5 6 5 5 94 6 6 5 1 6 5 5 1 RiverRaft 13 10 9 7 10 7 1 "7 15 105 105 32Rigby

St. George 9 6 4 4 5 3 3 2 5 5 1

9Shelley South Davis 8 7 "e "7 "7 67 46 46 5072 T6 66 43 6 6 6 7 7 7 35 SanpeteSouth *8.... 8 5 6 8 8 7 7 SevierSouth 1

8 7 8 7 io 10 10 9 3 4 90Star Valley 3 6 5 7.... 8U137 7 6 7 1 8 91 6Summit

Sharon 7 6 6 5 6 6 6 6 1 60 6 6 6

Salt Lake 18 13 9 11 10 11 9 7 9 85 13 8 13*

San Juan 3 2 2 2 2 2 1 2 75 2 2 1 3 2 3 4 4 4 Luis 4San 8 8 8 6 8 8Sevier 6 2 "4 10090 47 4Tl 18

St. Johns 6 4 3 3 3 2 2 2 2 2 2| 2

St. 'Joseph 16 12 12 11 10 10 12 12 12 11 10 10 95 11 lit

6 6 6 4 4 6 5 6 4Taylor 80 6 4* 4 4 6 4 7 2 4 2 50Teton 8

Timpanogas 6 6 5 6 6 6 1 4 57 6 4 2

Tooele..... 10 8 7 7 5 6 1 3 69 7 5 4

Uintah 9 9 9 9 9 8 7 100 9 9 8

Union 6 6 5 5 4 6 3 82 6 6 3 8 9 9 6 8 9 9 7 93 7 3tUtah 9 9 6 6 9 9 9 75 8 8Wasatch 7Wayne 1 9 "9 8 "'9 "9 19 3 61 2 9320 32 92 73 46Weber

West Jordan 8 8 3 G 8 8 3 5 5 1 7 6 6

Woodruff 4 4 4 3 2 4 1 3 1 85 1 4 4

Yellowstone 10 10 8 6 7 8 5 5 3 2 60 2 8 8 4

Zion Park 7 5 5 5 5 4 4 1 4 2 1 5 5 3

Calif. Mission 41 27 26 22 25 27 17 13 16 12 87 10 10 27 27 25

Canadian Mission 6 4 6 5 5 2 4 4 4 60 5 6 1

Eastern States 4 4 6 3 3 1 1 2 2 4

Northwestern 11 8 8 77 16 16 11 6

Palmyra 9 9 8 8 2 Also one conducted by the Stake t Also Male Quartette.

The Improvement Era for February, 1932 245 4iThe BackTracker- Continuedpage from211 '*"throat came rumbling growls "Way round 'em,"the man which would have sent the unmotioned, but the dog remainedknowing flying for shelter. "Yuh by the wagon tongue with his eyes ELECTRIC

got to take the herd out without glued to the closed door.

me,"the man went on, speaking "Say, that mongrel cur ain't as confidentially as though to a gonna be no good,"the new manman. "You know that kid brothsaid. SERVANTS

erabout—theI've talkedlittleto crippledyou so one.muchI Harvey, who hadbeen savin'every cent I could for been watching through a small Make Happy

two years now just to send him hole in the canvas, opened the back to that big hospital in the door. He hadn't liked this new East. An'now it looks like man, and a wave of anger swept Homes

mebbe he never would git to go. over him at the man's words, but

He wants me, Paddy, an'I got to he checked his temper. Little Ira

go."might be dying, and he wanted

his big brother. His only chance

to let this relieve go was to man J.? big, herder blond HE him.

tear a his eye, sudand fromwiped please Nothing would lose patience, yore "Don't against were Paddy'sdenly paws him, and the dog was snuggling Boggs. Paddy is the best sheep Mother more than an

his head under his arm with a dog you ever saw. But you see,

soft whimper. he's never worked for anybody

"Darned if I don't believe you but me."ELECTRICcan understand English,"the "Well, I can't trail this herd

herder asserted softly. outa here without a dog,"the

Anyway, it had been a comfort man Boggs growled. to think that he could in those "Well, we'll just have to try RANGE

him another way,"Harvey said.long, lonesome days on the range.

It had given him an opportunity "Paddy will never leave the herd.

I'll for a with go then ways, you?to if the voice, hear even human

tell to stay the with herd him and his foolthe without it was own, ish feeling that he was talking I'll go back to camp and leave.

to himself. And he knew that Then when Charley pulls the

finds and the dogthe trained least camp had pup he had at out I've It lifts the hurden of |for gone he'll you."work tolearned his moods know

through the tone of his voice. A joyous bark burst from the cooking drudgery

dog as he saw Harvey coming out.

the sheep were minutes In a few everything to going was Now be It assures more to an stir. There wasbeginning all right, little a but he had been

occasional inquiring bleat, and the uneasy. leisure hours

jangle of bells as the leaders beAs soon as they were out of cove. the to out ofgan move stopped. All sight of Harvey the camp It brings the happiness ears. tothat Paddy's music was there, pointed. Paddy,"he "Over

With his front feet on the wagon "Stay with 'em."of perfect cooking results

tongue he waited eagerly for Harvey to step out and start. every day in the year—big dog knew

But it wasn't Harvey who came what to do. THE It had taken a

out to go with the herd, but the long time for him to learn to See the many beautiful Hotstranger. He was a heavyshoul- stay with the herd alone while point and Westinghouse Elecdered fellow, with a dark, scowlHarvey went to camp, but he had tric ranges and learn about

little, glitteringing face, and mean finally idea the mastered that the our easiest of easy terms. set far cave ofeyes the under back left never be uncared sheep must

his overhanging brows. for. Always when Harvey re-

"Try to call him with you and turned he had brought something

I'll stay in the camp till you're for his dog. And still Paddy

out of sight,"Harvey said. had never hated to be left behind

"You'll be trailin'all the time, with the herd so much as he arid if you keep him busy he may dreaded it now. The strange hunot miss me."man was staying too. UTAH POWER &

"Come on, you,"the herder For half an hour Paddy resaid gruffly. He attempted to place mained immovable, but the herd LIGHT CO.

a pat upon the dog's head, but was going on. Boggs was whistEfficient Public Service

Paddy ducked under the hand. ling to him, but it was utterly

The man cursed under his breath. unlike the cheerful, 'friendly whis246 The Improvement Era for February, 1932

tie with which Harvey was wont saddle horse. Indeed poor Joe

to call him. Soon even the tail was little more.

end of the herd would pass out In order to make and save every

Mother Nature ofthatsight.they shouldn'tThe dog hadbe leftthe unprofeeling possibleleased thisdimeherdHarveyof sheep,'Hansenandhadhe

plenty of tected. He knew what dangers to had operated it as cheaply as posexpect. A hungry coyote might sible. Joe Clement was neither

Efficient swoop out of a coulee and make physically nor mentally strong, a kill, other herd hired or some might but had Harvey him 'because sighted, Man Power be to able in which of the do most case Paddy he was and the knew that it was his business to work himself.

get between and see that they Now Joe was perplexed. Finally

Correct didn't mix. He placed no confihe mounted the saddle horse and

Machinery dence in this new man whatever. calling to the dog to follow, rode

The business of tending the herd back to the herd. Fifty feet from

still combine belonged exclusively to him and the new herder Paddy stopped.

to HOLD Harvey. When Boggs started toward him

Boggs had stopped and was he retreated.

again calling. Paddy took a few "Ketch that no-'count houn'an'KNIGHT tentative steps in that direction, hang onto him,"Boggs shouted

Spring butThe notherdonwas'accountsplittingof thearoundman.a to Joe.

discamp-jack TvHE Canyon bidden,hill. Thatthe dogwouldswungneverintodo. a Unlope to called Paddy up mounted and

to turn one part back to the other. him without difficulty. While he

Boggs let out an angry shout. clung to the ruff on the dog's neck

"Hey you, come back here,"he Boggs picked up a stick and adyelled. 'Til tell you when tuh vanced threateningly.

not."go an'when "Better not yuh him if whup

failed ito stop. Paddy When tuh yuh,"stay with want him

forty trotted within back he feet Joe warned.

of the herder a small rock struck "He'll foiler me or he'll never paralyzing the ribs in with him foller another herder,"Boggs rumand fled force. Paddy a howl With bled.

back to where the camp had!been. "Harvey would be killin* mad

It wasn't there! if anything happened tuh ole PadROYAL dy,"Joe murmured.

>;;. F OR the first time in "He hired me tuh herd these

his three years of life the big dog sheep, an'when I do a job I do it 1 7 F royal Coal mK'A&&> wasfor long.utterly Itdemoralized.was easy toButfollownot ined.my "Holdown way,"him thetill bullyI takegrowlthat

//of/7 C/ean the camp wagon by his sense of rope offa the saddle."

smell. He overtook the camp Paddy made a halfhearted efat the head of the list of some two miles farther on. His fort to get loose, but his dog's

unusually eyes glistened happily, and there brain was in a whirl. He was

GOOD COALS wasface. a wide, satisfied grin upon his difficult.trying to Heunderstand,wondered butwhyit Harwas

The campmover, a gawky stripvey didn't come and straighten ask your friend ling with a long, sober face covthings out.

the coal dealer ered with a funny white fuzz, He only flinched when the herdstopped the team abruptly and got er seized him roughly and made

Knight Fuel outthe dog,of thebut camp.Paddy paidHe spokeno heed.to theneck.end of the rope fast about his

I reckon yuh'll stay with said. fellow Company Withthe doubletrees,one leap theanddogwithwasanotherupon me,""Now,the

inside the camp. He was out al- "Be kinda easy with him, won't

Royal Coal mostin a frenzy.instantly,Therecirclingwas nothe longercamp yuh,"I'llmister?"han'le Joehim pleaded.any way I see

fit,"face. a grin surlily. answered Boggs upon his ugly HowCompany ever, he gave 'ole boy, rough Paddy a few you orta Paddy, "Hey,

LEONARD E. ADAMS stayed with the herder,"Joe Clestrokes with his hand which didn't

General Sales Agent ment said not unkindly as he fool the wise canine in the least.

General Offices 8th Floor patted the big dog's head. Paddy Paddy knew that there was no

Newhouse Bldg. permitted the caress, but without kindness in that hand. NevertheSalt Lake City, Utah, U. S. A. cheerfulness. He had accepted Joe less, when the rope came taut he

as one 'of Harvey's appendages the reluctantly permitted himself to same as the camp team and the be led about.

The Improvement Era for February, 1932 247

He saw the rifle go up to his were in an exenemy's shoulder. From experience TtHEY

it retremely brushy country, and usually gesture the that he knew MAKE MORE the constant keep edging toquired marauder, for spelled some death splitting intoherd from to danger never meant little but it had MONEY INbunches. For so Boggs an hour or suspihis foe him. He watched

hurried from side to side, half ciously, and then perhaps it came cursing the bigdragging dog and POULTRY been never to that had a gun him scientific, tested methapplying By his breath. heunder was But inbefore. a pointed Some at him breeding to the selection of our ods tired. soon helazy man, grew and stinct to move. warned He him of the hatching to stock and

"I'm no blamed sheep dog,"he dropped downward, as his legs COOP Baby Chicks we are ableall muttered furiously. bent to leap just as the rifle roared. to offer vigorous, healthy, disease-

A part of the band was bending Something struck across the top chicksfree S. thatC. willWhiteproduceLeghornfor babyyou

over a steep ridge which Boggs of his loins with the sharpest pain a bigger output of large, white eggs had no heart to climb. He stoophe had ever felt. He gave a short and thus help you to make more

ed and untied the rope. "Git yelp and vanished into the brush. money.

is BREEDING HEN EVERY 'em,"around a ordered he with fired twice herder enraged The size, shape, for culled carefullysweeping of his Instead wave arm. his bullets wild, more, but went vigor. qualifications standard and

Paddy made a bee line for camp. and by that time Paddy had disEVERY HEN is bloodtested for

A little kindly treatment would appeared over the top of a ridge. thusB. W.minimizingD. or Pullorumlosses and Disease,increashave won the big dog's confidence, ing the average size of the eggs

him, inbut kindness had Boggs no a mile away produced. OALF is with mated a EVERY HEN only his gruffand had manner stopped dog official pedigreed with male bird sheep dog. thebewildered

side The uncertainly.the big, bewildered across records the trap nest on Dam The wound

wish to escape the degradation of his loins stung and burned. It of 250 eggs and on the Sire's Dam

that large, white, wellside of 280, ripped through rope had taken full possession had than no more a year. eggs shapedof Paddy. the hide, been but an inch had it

When the herder came into lower it would have killed him.

camp at noon with the herd he Paddy couldn't reach it with his Please send me full particulars.

again had the campmover catch tongue. Name

the dog for him. When the rope He didn't know what to do.

was finally fastened, and this time He had never been treated so beAddress

Paddy struggled against it, though fore. He dared not approach the

he didn't try to bite, Boggs seized camp again; neither could he stay

a stick and proceeded to give the with the herd while Boggs was dog a beating. In desperation around. All he could do was folPaddy suddenly flung himself uplow at a distance and hope foron his persecutor. He tried to seize Harvey's return. COOP

stick, insteadthat punishing but BABYCHICKS his the The herd didn't get far that snapped jaws upon down herder's hand. afternoon. From the shelter of You can't buy better Baby Chicks

the brush Paddy listened to the than COOP Baby Chicks.

Only the fellow's thick glove hoarse yells of the herder, but the Place your orders at once for imprevented him from getting a badsheep had quickly learned that the mediate or future delivery.

he was hand.ly lacerated As it enof had no means new herder Utah Cooperative Baby savage a a severe bruise.got With is It forcing the his commands.

oath the man kicked out at the sheep dog which enforces disciChick Hatchery dodgeddog's ribs. Paddy and pline. 2561 SaltSouthLakeStateCityStreet This in again.silently charged

time his teeth left their mark in With the coming of darkness the calf of his enemy's leg. Paddy came to the top of a ridge

close to the camp. It was no

WlTH a yell Boggs helongerhearda placethe dismalof refuge.yell ofFinallya coyThe Utah Highleaped into the camp and jerked ote from some distant ridge. He School of Beauty

the rifle from its straps along the started to send back his baying Culture ribs of the camp. He was fairly challenge, but didn't. He sniffed 331 Clift Bldg., Salt Lake

blubbering with rage as he leaped at the atmosphere. A keen wind Learn a profession that would make

to the ground and threw the was penetrating his fur to the skin, you independent for the rest of weapon to his shoulder. and tiny flakes of snow, like bits your life. Write for catalog.

his of ice stung nose when he Mail this Coupon of enough had had Paddy But the it into pointed wind.

conflict. dansensedthe had He Name

ger beyond his power to combat, Addressand he had withdrawn uncertainilE moved stealthily

City It hadn't the camp. to "sarvis"of brushly to down a clump provide board to and room We can herd placed wellfifty was of and the out students been yards town he stopped, away. Here

in full view of the camp. exposed to the fury of the ap248 The Improvement Era for February, 1932

proaching storm. The sheep got up Thus far there had been little

We Make Loveliness Lovelier and moved away at his approach. actual snow, but soon after noon

GO TO He smelled around for food, but it began to get warmer, and there

MITCHELL'S notout. evenAlways,a bonewhenhad beenthe weatherthrown waswas morestill snowimpossibleand lesstowind.see anyIt

distance. the great bad, had made Harvey was BEAUTY SHOPPE a and wagon, bed under the For a Permanent Wave That Yon Will dog It was past midafternoon when

old tarpaulin protected an it with Like—From discovery. a grave made Paddy supplies best Only wave gnarthe of the bottom reaching from antteed, of the herd and had split and pricesused—Every$3.00includeto shampoo$6.50 One part

stretching finger the to ground additional shampoo and and camp wave—An

finger wave Waves, $4.00 with Permanent to of the hub from hub and over. hind offhadn'taroundmisseda knoll,them!and theTheherderbig

It and now, open was all Dried wheels. Long Hair FINGER WAVING—50c Harveyuncertainly. paused dog Short 35c Dried, Hair Dried 25c Not his pelts of sheep the bed warm backtrack, taught to and had him 50c MARCELLING still boot. the were upon stragglers if he found any it was Call for 10316 Was. Appointment

Medical Arts Bldg\, Salt Lake City, Utah Paddy withdrew to a sheltered his business to drive them on into place under the comb of a ridge the herd. It was his instinct to do

and lay down. His wound hurt, this now, but fear of the herder

and the ten foot rope he was dragwas still strong in his heart. He

ging annoyed him. He didn't stayed close to the bunch and wait-

. They moved down into a Church Composers, sleep. Presently he heard the tinked.

ling of bells. The sheep had left sheltered coulee and the falling

Organists, the bedground and were moving snow rapidly blotted out the signs before the storm, which had now of their passing.

Choir Directors, become a full sized blizzard.

(Shigers, IT wasn't given to r ADDY looked for a Paddy to know that there were

Choristers, etc. light to appear inside the camp. more than three hundred head in

Harvey had always got up and that bunch, nor to know that if brought the sheep back to the bedthey were lost it would mean disground, or if they had just started, aster to the master he loved. UnCommunicate at once with shouted for Paddy to do so. But der the terms of Harvey Hansen's

no light appeared. The men inlease he had to make good the

side the camp slept on. number of sheep he had leased.

Paddy got up, shook the snow The loss of this bunch would take 'MELDS* out of his fur and slowly followed all of his profits with the herd.

MUSIC PUBLISHING the herd. It was impossible to It would mean that the long hoped

HOUSE see anything more than a few feet for operation for little Ira must ahead. The herd was travelling be indefinitely postponed.

424 Gates Avenue, blindly. Paddy knew that the But Paddy did know that the

Brooklyn,.New York, herd should be turned back to herder would never abandon a sincamp, but even he couldn't make gle sheep on the range. He sensed

Concerning publishing your them go back in the teeth of the that the new herder had abandonmusic or furnishing you gale. All he could do was follow. ed this little band, and if left

the wherever he went heavy alone they the victims be would with appropriate songs. And

left a snakerope he was dragging coyotes. of the followed them He

Poems will be set to music. trail behind him. with ever increasing uneasiness,

Enclose return postage. It was ten o'clock in the mornanxiously watching for a sight of

ing when his keen ears detected the some human coming to his rescue approach of the herder. In fact It was always Harvey that he ex

both men from the camp had arpected to see, however. Something

rived. had happened to Harvey, but the

Decorations, Balloons, j "I told yuh it was that wuthless kindly, good natured herder would

Novelties! dawg that made 'em leave the bednever leave his charges alone in

| For Gold and Green Ball, Valentine Day i ground,"Boggs said. "An'he's the wilderness. And in the long

and George Celebrations. Washington days nights that followed and off. at the drivin'mark 'em Look i Crepe paper, Streamers, Favors, Japanese lose his to simple never was Paddy

I draggin'. he's left rope that by Lanterns, all kinds of Hats, NoisePaper

\, makers, faith Carnival that Goods, eventually the beloved Serpentine and at get let shot one more Just me Confetti, etc.

\ master back. come would him."Special terms to church organizations.

(Prompt Wholesale Prices. i As darkness came on, the little Catalog:. SendService—Lowestfor Complete

Balloons filled with gas can be furnished i hand of sheep huddled down unin and about Salt Lake. i JljUT Paddy was keepder the cut bank vof an arroyo.

Telephone for full details i ing out of the way. Like a tawny and presently Paddy, wet, cold,

of the flanks to clung ghost he S. U. CO. and NOVELTY hungry, cuddled down beside

it back, turned as;1355 the herd Fifth the men East 813 i Hyland them.

Salt Lake City, Utah to permit he them never did but iy {Locally ownedownea andana operated)operated/ catch sight of him. (To be concluded next month)

The Improvement Era for February, 1932 249 4A Daughter of MarthaContinuedpage from220 was still out with Francis. The a keyboard was now adorned withtwins came home, breezily happy a single, brilliant stone. "We're LeamMusic

and youthful. Their dance proto be married!"he announced hapgrams were all filled for the party. pily, and Nancy broke down and

Ice cream and punch and wafers started to weep.

would be served. Some of the "But, but you can't do that!"

boys had clubbed together and cried Gloria. "Nancy has to help

are notrented a sevenpassenger car. Ten with the home—the twins

it easily. out of school yet. I have other Their intocould crowd tell quickly HOME! and Let yon us you can how ATeasily learn favorite instrument, play your the plans."skirt, and hobbleteacher had a in right spare time. in your your home and toown

I go. to everywill popular, Music Mother, you welcomed want make troutop peg wearing "O wereboys

where, bigmoneyopportunities. offermany and to first said he came Francis explained when giggledsers. and Flora as A-B-C Easy

little, I ever but so begin. to a nothing about music the need You seen was ranch know We she had that Florenceto

give right instruction individual you fromwill satisfaction. at start the him. I guarantee smiled You andpersonal, your that always their teacher's Myrat of sticking out

delighted surprised be that be can music made and since in first so fascinating. easy Courses and he'd had the smile was girlshair. the wanted new Both Organ, Mandolin, Piano.Violln.Trumpet, Cornet,

I Banjo, Guitar, Banjo, Spanish Hawaiian lonesome. He's Tenor away. ran he Gloria dance.dresses for the Clarinet. Guitar, Accordion, Saxophone,

his I can mount help him. can their ones see oldercould not why Catalog for Send Today New

will in Ourall It tell great now about you School—there I will with be specimens. serve. went twinscould not The its National 27th the wonderful successful andthis year—

to success over that Academy has meant Method jungle those gets of one if he waited Gloria bed.sleepily up to it right 300,000 students. for now, Send

it. is It while think of youenthusiastic FREE. we're engaged!"to Francis offor Nancy. Funny himfevers—besides MUSIC NATIONAL OF ACADEMY

Street, long. East She must Dept. Chicago 41st 702 so herkeep out 526

real render rest.have had to

KIRKMANservice wages her OHN Shework—better acquirchasingwere have would diamonds—Jonasj YEAR: BICENTENNIAL. NATAL needed—Nancyat laboratory in a Peterto contribute the generously to WASHINGTON GEORGE in Francis a store. budget.family Reli-—Rodneying land. Cities, Hamlets, States, Counties,

chasing through celeelusive bugs will Civic Organizations ingious and While she waited for Nancy, ceremonies. suitable event with brate that fected jungles. with The Glorias * * * herGloria directhe dreamed and planned under the aid and With

States, Victorias United of the the Jonases. President tion of the with The Itrevenge. fault of hers was no the points organization way a national Nancies with Rodneys. The It thethat Claire homeless. throughout Celebration, be Patriotic for would the

* * * success, of make be sure the year. To Francis Conrads. The treadthat Bruce thewasn't much of a home chivalrous colorful, so those your program mill of life. Youth demanding, relived will be President Firstprovided, of the he treated days anyway, and

visible pageantry. in reenacted circle. and in an irrevocable moving like a slave.her been If it hadn't

in essential factor one are the Costumes * * * "Cedars have the wind."for must Gloria's intervention, steer be the not guess: production. such Do

would have killed the child. Lulu She, like the Judge, must take assuredyour ordersof correctwith wardrobe by placing

was no mother. If Gloria could comfort in that. "I suppose it has SALT LAKE COSTUME CO.

care for three girls, she guessed to be. When you decide just Play DealersBooks, inOperas,MasqueradeOperettas,CostumesToupees,

Bruce should manage to care for where you are going to settle, I Masks, Carnival Goods. Send for Catalog

one. will give you three of the gourds. 33 WestSALTBroadwayLAKE CITY,PhoneUTAHWas. 999

It will be your bnly dowry."

i\T midnight Nancy and Francis Conrad arrived. The

boy had his father's family car glass doors with windows thatrolled up or down; a cut glass JJelicious TimeSaversf

flower vase and an electric light feet roof.in the Their lagged over the cement walk. Cement. ROYAL DESSERTS

That was another of the wonders of this age. They had it on the Always Keep on Hand a Supply of—

streets, talking were towndown set They DESSERTS. GELATIN SETTING QUICK

it lot. ROYALof putting corner past her choose fruit flavors to usual time * * * 6 half the in about

Francis was altogether too close to from.Nancy. How slowly they walked!

"O, Mother, why did you wait ROYAL CHOCOLATE PUDDING contains Arrowroot, a suup?"Nancy was all concern, but perfine digestible starch * * * rich and creamy * * * preFrancis smiled his old good napared in just 6 minutes. Extremely nourishing and delicious.

tured, superior, confident smile. ROYAL VANILLA PUDDING also contains Arrowroot and

"She might as well be up, for we prepared in 6 minutes * '* * especially good for children.

would have wakened her anyway.

Look, Mother Whitman,"he held out Nancy's left hand, "You know that chasing bees and bugs and desserts butterflies is an Royal America in South Grocer At Your awfully lonesome job."The hand

that had performed wonders over 250 The Improvement Era for February, 1932

Gloria was glad for diversion. It began to copy her stinging comconquered the lump in her throat. position.

"Nancy will see plenty of monMr. Bruce Whitman:. SAFE keys down there,"laughed NanThis will advise you that I have this

cy's fiance. "They're just like day purchased all of your former real

I estate, deed. a virtue tax sale of by the here. coyotes can One make

all interest taxes, and accumulated MILK so noise it's think you much are a paidcost to court. of advised move You

million."After Nancy's marriage there almost imTIMID, her check econowas less, so Gloria A the stopped knock more. even mized not perceptible She did

buy new dresses for the twins'scratching of Gloria's pen. She

dance. |They gazed in wonderpoised her arm in mid air to listen.

again. could There it was Who this mother, ment at new who

the of at this hour coming all the pennies. Peter counted had be

the open night? She would not seen that they had things—but needed no matter who the bakery, even now, mother watched

butter they ate. Why, they lived bread. But the knock was perthe in resentment. jThere on in the kitchen. The house Perfectly inlongpoverty! Mother baked all day sistent. Gloria opened the door

almost stood a fantastic, threshold hot at night. was terribly Her grotesque figure—half child—half Pasteurized clothes were getting so shabby were shoulders woman. The their to were bring ashamed world's leading The health authey ill fitting dress the stooped,

thorities friends reslightly her hair home. pasteurized recommend But

face spattered the with mud, only is milk that ringlets, in tight mained adding was milk—the slightly twisted, an eye surely was safe. was Clover LeafHarris a softening to her face. charm

is perfectly Milk pasteurized missing. by

modern automatic machines. Finally she made a mysterious "Aunty Glory,"it was the

childish always Claire had term Just Phone Wasatch 2177 countytrip withseat,Judgepast theirConradold tohome.the Father used, "I was run away.

She said she had certain legal matgoing to whip me, cause I got into CloVerLeafHarriseaf- ters to attend to. They could rethe library to read and forgot to

sitting arrange the in room all the for the cows. I walked her go

store MILK absence, they could not but faltering hesitant, way."The

the gourds away. voice ceased and the exhausted girl

When Gloria returned, she fell into Gloria's arms. Blistered

seemed her old sweet self. The feet, shod in coarse shoes, ill fitting

in relief. sighed twins Whatever dress designing. of her The own

been, DURING THE the mystery it seemed had closed, left eye cheek pulled one w past and solved. She had a bulky backward, giving the mouth an 1ND0O(SEASON envelope which she put away in unlovely distorted expression. The

paint your woodwork and her drawer. natural olive of her skin had an

walls iwith added murkiness, due to sameness that were roughed of foods. Hands she night when TfHAT all inherihis stained. and With the bakery alone and was safely

was closed and the yeast sponges tance, all his acres, all his creek of water, how did Pruce Whitman BENNETTS had all been set for the tomor- row's mixings, Gloria got out feel when he was forced to say, pencil and paper and began the "This is my.child!"

composition of a very important letter. After many attempts she G)rLORIA was still

take not it did much figure frail that insurance/ finallysidered produceda masterpiecewhat in shesarcasm.constrengthyoung, butto carry

Wouldn't Bruce be surprised? to the couch. As she laid her

Wouldn't he rave in anger? Perdown, her arm brushed the unGloss Interior haps he would blame Claire, vowfinished letter to the floor. In that

Finish notices.ing he hadWell,neverthe land(seen wasthe hers.tax secondWhat awasreal revenge,vision cameanyway,to Gloria.but

Solidcovering with less She paid the taxes, with interest cankerous sore that ate into your brushing and cost of court. She had mortown heart. What good would it Dries hard overnight gaged her lot—she had mortgaged do to take Bruce's farm? She

revenge was sweet couldn't run would future—but it—Rodney till she drained would drink career Peter's attempt. laugh at her BENNETT GLASS &—shethe

PAINT COMPANY the cup! was already chosen. Nancy was

6165 W. First So., Salt Lake City What a letter! Would Bruce gone. The frivolous twins would

Dealers throughout Utah, Southern understand that he was homeless never care to settle down to the

Idaho and Neighboring States and penniless? She got out good life of isolation. Here before her

paper and ink, and meticulously on the couch lay a real purpose.

The Improvement Era for February, 1932 251

Brace's child had voluntarily run away. She had come to the one

friend she felt she had. Here was

work to do. Claire needed care. THOUSANDS OF PEOPLE "Vengeance is mine."That was

what the Lord had said. He had Are Happy Today reserved unto Himself the right to

chasten Bruce. In His mysterious For having invested with us

way He had chosen Claire as the means of diverting Gloria's energy from hatred to service. Gloria put DO YOU KNOW

a pillow under Claire's head and, of any stock that is as good today as it was two years ago?

gathering up the letter, stuffed it FOR 26 YEARS OUR STOCK HAS NOT SOLD RELOW PAR into the warm stove.

"She is suffering from malnuShareholders have received dividends Regularly throughout this period.

doctor's verdict trition."The

prompt. "She was Deseret Building Society food, needs proper

better clothes, laughter and song. "Old Reliable People's Company"

She is suffering from an inferiority 14 South Main Street Salt Lake City, Utah complex. In a year you can hope Assets over $2,000,000.00

laugh—tofor improvement.smile—to Teachlove herself."her to 6% InvestAND SAFETY50c to $100.00is BETTERper monththanat 10%your PERHAPSoption.

Please mention the "Era when requesting information

Inferiority complex. Gloria could not find that

word in her dictionary. Flora,

who was studying psychology, remembered the expression, but didn't exactly know what it meant. Was it a disease? Was

it contagious. She would ask

Peter.

Peter made it quite plain. A

complete absence of egotism, a fear self confiof failure—a lack of

dence. Then Peter's letter abruptthe subject. ly changed They UTAH spread yellow knew what now COAL ABERDEENBest In The West fever. it carried Mosquitos from Your home will in the coldest be warm

one person to another, infecting ABERDEEN weather, if you burn

Service Prompt and Quality Coal stings. their also You Are Assured with had They From the ABERDEEN DEALER learned that water, than flies, more

were the cause of typhoid fever spreading. They carried the germs

on their feet. He also added that

an Italian named Marconi had SEIZE the opportunity of LEISURE to discovered wireless telegraphy.

Ships could send messages. A wrecked ship had summoned aid TrainNow forLeadership

in that Also, manner. a Madame Coupon—Tear out and mailCurie France, lived in who carryGentlemen

ing on the work of her dead husPlease tell me how your business training can help get ahead. me to discoveredband, had radium. catalog Send describing opportuniNo Mail This Coupon for ties courses and without obligation. telling elethis marvelous what

ment might do. Some doctors Information Name..

thought it might cure cancer. Adldress

"I'm glad it was a woman who people Many have of been who out work It's worthdiscovered if sacrifices making something,"necessary, sighed discovered have that their leisure time was to secure this training. Catherine. blessing- a "If disguise. she inAunt been had it They have used Free Placement Department in keeps touch to fortify themselves for battle the of earnwith leading employers, it helpsEnglish gradumany now, been have would ing living. a period idleness of has A ates secure employment.perfect. been the France But has turning upward in king point no If many will you mail the attached we'll coupon,

careers. be glad to explain this training will can't how a her lady make enroll can or You—they this any in school. Monday help get you ahead.a I duchess, don't and suppose

they'll even give her a coatof- L. D. S. BUSINESS COLLEGEarms!"80 NORTH MAIN

"Claire,"admonished Gloria $15.00 per month pays for a complete business education

when she felt the child was re252 The Improvement Era for February, 1932

cuperated enough for instruction, "Do you think I can run a

NOBODY CAN any"neverpersonagaincallinyouall OneyourEye.lifeYoulet cowsfarm andandcareturnforwaterchickensandandgochopfor

STOP LOSS. areas youMissareClairestrongKnight.enough, AsI'll soontake bread?"wood anddemandeddraw waterBruce,andmakingmix

EVERYBODY you to a hospital and have a glass one of the longest speeches he had fitted ever for will 1 undertaken. you.""What

I in that big have house?"do alone to go back to faCAN AVOID eye"Do

ther?"As she put the question fear "Claire shall decide."Gloria IT THROUGH

INSURANCE leaped"Wheninto youthe onedo, paleit willbluebeeye.of spokeBruce seecalmly,that hehopingcould noto longermake

your own free will."Gloria conforce obedience upon the child who

sidered carefully before she made had once tasted freedom.

this weighty answer. Claire was "I shan't go with you!"cried

When you come here a minor. Bruce was her father. Claire. "If you carry me back,

advise could Judge and Conrad I'll If again. run you make away for insurance get it, you suggest, of course, in the but end I go, calves the won't watch me coupled attentive, with rights. his Bruce could prove But I lucern; the the milk won't from

live experienced service. the right to enjoy, to and This I cut get cows. won't wood—I'll a heritage every of education was is an agency spoil; of the Utah yeast let the let the I'll

felt she and Gloria would doctor says garden dry up. The Home Fire Insurance Co. child,

sacrifice to the allow make any see glasses will as as good let me child to make her own choice. most people with two eyes."

"We are going home tonight."

O R U C E, however, Bruce was again master of short UTAH HOME FIRE was not long in locating his lost sentences. "I can't waste no more

INSURANCE CO. daughter. He came to town, agtime with you."

HEBER J. GRANT & CO grievedon the couchand offended.in the livingClaireroom,lay wouldGloriabe useless.knew Athatstrongerpersuasionforce

General Agents a late breakfast tray beside her, than love would have to be imSalt Lake City, Utah a magazine in her hand, a bright posed before Bruce would relincoverlet adding color to the face quish the child. So she used the

which was just learning to smile. solution which had come to her In

"A fine appreciative girl you her nights of worry and prayer.

are,"began Bruce in the tone of "Just what do you mean by authority he always assumed to going home, Bruce?"she asked

Claire. "Running away from a sweetly. "Where is your home?"

to stop home. good Did you that mean by do you "What caused think of the worry you

silly Bruce. countered question?"

Just nothing. me? No note—no real "I a have doubt if you stalked over to gone."He Gloria. Claire,"for added the home look, at his glowering couch and

failed that to "I happen you know Claire paler. turned

relegal certain to with comply here, Gloria pushed Bruce,""Sit quirements in order to hold your forward the one comfortable rocker which the room boasted. home. "I have the deeds from Jonas "Sit nothing,"mocked Bruce. Whitman's estate, all properly rePenetrates now.""I'm taking her back with me corded,"flared Bruce. "His title was as clear as a mountain lake.""Not if she does not want to

go, Bruce."Gloria spoke quietly, "Yes, but your title is not as

to every metal but in the nights of wondering clear as my husband's. I can show

working part* whatrad assuredto do, evenher aftershe JudgecouldConnot taxall salethe deedspropertyfrom ofthe Mr.sheriff,Brucefor

forcibly take a child away from Whitman. All his acres, all hi& "-Protects your a parent, Gloria had found a way. water rights are mine, for paying

motor Bruce"Notlookedtakeincredulous.my own "You'vechild?"delinquentcrued over ataxesperiodwhichof fivehaveyears,achad your way in lots of things, and which he has ignored. Of

Gloria, but this time I guess you course, you may have another

I can't do just as you wish. I'm home to take Claire to—then

taking her home with me."will have to let her go."GloriaCONOCO brought out the legal envelope

all the separate deeds. TheGERM PROCESSED with vLAIRE rose to a sitold homestead; Lulu's lands; the

PARAFFIN BASE ting posture, her face quivering railroad section, the point of with fear. "I never want to speak gravel.

to you again,"she said. Bruce looked them over, incredMOTOR OIL

The Improvement Era for February, 1932 253

ulous, disbelieving, then as the grate, "that Mrs. Whitman would

full portent of their meaning trade that valuable farm for the dawned upon him, he became chance to care for a crippled child.frightened. She's already got two girls to supmtCELSS

gives child port. The me the IN&RDINm emaciated, creeps. thin She's and

disundersized. Her and evunderfed did always J ONAS

is a grimace! torted smile I Nowerything. didn't really *& %*& understand about taxes. I thought I Mrs. Whitman has the child to rfigZC*

could pay them most any time care for, and the additional burden that was convenient. You can't of clearing off the mortgage she

have my land, Gloria. I tell you put onher lot in order to pay the Every One of for that Bruce!it's Women are Go Into left. taxes mine. You left—Rodney incomprehensible to me!"Me, of all the family me alone, and Ramshaw's

stayed will the old with were and always man.""Always He

rose to his slight "I Timpanogos'Baby Chicks height. all be,"Conrad. Mrs. For commented

of his trembling anxiety, his shabwill bring the matter up to my giveOnly anchicksold, welltheseestablished"priceless institutioningredients,"can by suit and his worn shoes, Bruce club. I feel sure the ladies will that make for faithful performance of the

was more of a man than he had increase their orders for bread and hensWhy theygo outmatureof theinto.state for your baby

ever been before. Gloria felt a rolls!"chicks when "Ramshaw's Chicks"are only

pity surge through her, but her warma few hoursbrooder.from a warm hatchery to your

purpose was not yet accomplished. Please Send Complete Information About

Your Baby Chicks Homeward is "It already remine. Deeds felt conBruce bound, Whitman Namecorded. paid. Everything Money flicting emotions. would What

legal. working hard every am really Claire? he without do He Address life ofday to earn the money myI life, all his orders taken had who

Iwhich this for borrowed purindepend- never enjoyed had who pose. is one time Your farm felt ence, his in a joy keen hadmine!"RAMSHAW HATCHERY

3S87 ST. oSTATE SOUTH

Salt Bruce, after his momentary asfirstwas someonetaste of dictatorship.who had to obeyHere Lake City, Utah

sertion of individuality, sank into him; he had experienced a queer, Phone Murray 474

the rocker. He leaned his head distorted pleasure in watching TIMPANOGOS HATCHERY

on his hands, propped his elbow Claire cower before his authority. Provo, Utah

upon his knee. His battered felt Now she was gone. There would

hat fell from his hands to the floor.

"I am beaten,"he muttered.

"For years I catered to Jonas Whitman. I never really did the

things I wanted to do. I thought SAVE TIME!

only the things he wanted me to think. for thought He me SAVE MONEY! planned for me. reward Now my

is this—no land—no wife—no BY WEARING child—no manhood."A tear

trickled down his hands, fell upon the felt hat. "I will trade your farm back Mountaineer

to you, Bruce, for your daughter."

Bruce looked up, incredulous. Overalls and Auto Suits

it will give 'You you mean back EQUIPPED WITH to let I will Claire stay me if with you for a while?"StopLoss Pockets

"If you will give her to me for always,"corrected Gloria. "You Join the ranks of enthusiastic workmen who

will have to sign papers. In other have found StopLoss Pockets to fill a longfell

words, you deed me the child, I fromneed. yourNo morepocketsloss whileof tools,working,valuables,no money,matter

will deed you the farm. I will what; your position. No more precious time spent

put her in school. I will purchase in hunting for lost articles

a glass eye for her. She will have

pretty clothes and proper foods. Ask Your Dealer For

She will lose that inferiority complex. Now, I can't argue any MOUNTAINEER

longer. I have rolls waiting to

be baked, and bread to mix."Theyeost Overalls and Auto Suits

"It seems unbelievable,"reno more". Made in Salt Lake City by

marked Judge his to Conrad wife Z. C. M. I. CLOTHING FACTORY settled to a long, when they down

lonesome evening before their 254 The Improvement Era for February, 1932

be no one to scold when things anwas no his to cook went wrong. one No

the seldom swer, but THEREthe door to meals. she been True, unhad

lovely to look at; but he had alused dining room opened and a

ways known she was there. Towoman stood hesitantly upon the

night the bouse would be empty; threshold. She had no slattern

yellow ribbon around the cows would be waiting at the beauty—no

of red in her pasture gate. If he wanted a her neck—no dash

drink, he would have to pull a hair; no saucy, enticing smile. A

bucket up those forty feet. Perneat house dress covered a wellhaps he could have the water put proportioned figure; her olive skin

in the house. Gloria had it. Surehad lost that murky cloud, now

ly, he, a man, could do what a showing clear and fine. Her smile

mere woman had done. was no longer alluring. It was the smile of a woman who had

Slowly he walked the three suffered, and through suffering had miles to the house. He was hunlearned much of the wisdom of

gry, but no supper awaited him. life.

He would have to carry wood for "I have come back, Bruce."The

a fire, and he doubted if there was modulated voice had lost its coyany cut. It was hardly worth ness and lilt. "I have come to

the trouble. He would milk and stay if you will let me. I will

Whether it's a big job or a little drink some of that, and go to bed. care for you and Claire for the

one, you'll get the best service He had need to put his hand on rest of my life."

in the his pocket, deeds bulging Claire, Lulu,"is no "There big, and the best work in our in quell to order the lump felt his were which Bruce hollow words printing commercial modern rose throat. in his "Claire meaningless. has and

plant. our representative Ask little the rounded he duggone As away—forever. Only I am

to quote on your left."hill the climbed and side from next job. way

the creek to the house, he was "Then I will care for you."

amazed to see a light. Not alone Bruce suddenly felt a new urge

kitchen, in the the parlor to accomplish. but in to meet A woman

the Business and Personal Stationery and willing to dining room. could him What at night, a woman

Business Forms... Hand Bills have happened? Had Claire relisten to his ideas, his plans. Jonas

Booklets,.. all kinds of binding pented of her decision and come had never consulted—he had alWedding Stationery by one of those autos? Had she ways ordered. Claire had never

really returned? He quickened his had an original idea in her life.

gait to the pasture. No restless, Now he could think, with someneglected cows greeted him with one to push him on to his better

reproachful eyes. They were in self. The farm was his, to plan,

The Deseret thecuds.corral,Somepeacefullyone hadchewingmilked.theirA toThismanage,womanto beforeoperate,hadas hadhe willed.a half

spark of light showed that smoke reason to run away. He had kept

rose from the chimney. Surely her in dependency, when she really News Press Claire had been playing him a had plenty in her own right. He

29 Richards Street practical joke. But it was too had subjected her to the indigSalt Lake City, Utah late to change now. The bulky nities of near beggary.

package was still in his pocket. "I have been waiting for you,

He hurried on to the kitchen Lulu,"he answered, suddenly condoor. Force of habit sent him scious that her ready laughter, her

to the back. He could not respontaneous smile had left a vanever bothered to diagnose. Lulu BE INDEPENDENT memberenough toanysendoccasionhim to importantthe front cancy in his life which he had

No Other Vocation So Profitable I door. He opened the door quickwalked to the table and without

ENROLL NOW ly. a word of questioning, she reFor a Complete Course at the moved the third plate. What a transformation had

taken place, even in that one room! of Beaofy GoltoreQuish School brightly, burning stove was The Florence and in the West The Best TLORA teakettle, polished, freshly the singers was did not have to be any urge 304-9 Bldg. Ezra Thompson

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH singing. Enticing odors permeated like Jenny Lind. They never

the room. The room was clean, played actor to imaginary audiFor Further Information

a far Claire's in manner beyond Catalog Call and ences as done. Gloria had They

pitiful attempts. 75 GO o* The table, Wasatch cov- <*ould as not, exthey laughingly

Fill in This cloth, fresh a ered carewith was line."straight plained, a "draw Coupon laid fully three. for

little, a the could play but They "Claire!"called Bruce, then he years had been hard and the piano

hastilyClaire—wherecalled areagain,you?""Claire!"schoolhad comethey sobothlate.enteredAftertraininghigh

The Improvement Era for February, 1932 255

as nurses. It was severe and exacting. But the urge which had

spurred John Kirkman into the diamond fields, the determination which kept his father at the sideof Wellington at the battle of HORSE

Waterloo, combined with an inherent pity for all suffering thingswhich had so marked their little POWER halfsister Anna, gave them the impetus to see it through.

They were away from home most of the time now and the sales had increased so much that

Gloria transformed the little parlor into a bakery sales room. Here

Claire found herself. It was so

nice to have glasses; to have that

aching pain gone from your one good eye; to know that people did

glass. eye one wasnot know farm your a onehorse for—from

tractor biggest to the offers The WHATEVERplow calls operation—Olivereyelid withered now, so not was

all tool for plowing, a proved planting tillage and although the twist still remained. operations.

Even the kind doctor admitted his IS YOURS A HORSE FARM?

that. cureinability to She had offers Oliver sulky, walking, disc gang and

tillage of tools and planting and lineplows—allof hay a new read,full liberty to study, to to kindstools for feed. the horse harvesting

play. But her greatest pleasure

FARM? A POWER in OR people meeting throughcame

is selection ready amazing An little her storethe Here room. its tiptoe on The spike tooth will its erase harrow tracks—central

tool 3, and authority. assures 4-rowwheels—aequipment accurate, She clean knew of job was anword planting and mounting—2,Row Crop

cultivating soil of with absolute an packing. minimum really Parker House wantedwho

2-3 plow tractor the giant young The 1828—a the preferredrolls; husbands what the power, Oliver HartParr for 4 or 5 plows—willof farm handle tremendous cost. acreage at low2844—goodoperatingand biscuits, alarger weakhad who

ness for iced rolls, who wanted SEE YOUR OLIVER DEALER over line the Oliver Look tools, plows, of tillage all drills, planters bread. Shewhole wheat knew

and or the check for tools TRACTORS, coupon that interest yon and bread, of the merits branabout it return Oliver to your branch.

or whole wheat, or plain white.

Who wanted fresh bread, who wanted stale. It was nice to meet

new people; she loved the rustle

of paper sacks, and the feel of twine through her fingers. What

a thrill to have people call her Miss the that interests opposite tool square in your and name you—fillKnight. the coupon send and CO., to OLIVER SALES EQUIPMENT FARM

Falls, The inferiority complex address—clipCheck305 S. in10ththeSt., Great Mont.; 13th Sts., Hickory City. Omaha; Kansaswas vanishing. &

"I declare, Gloria,"Aunt CathMounain States Imp. Co., Ogden.

erine had a faint tone of injury Name in her voice, "if you had told me R. D...City Stateyou wanted someone to help you

tend store, I could have done that! TRACTOR HORSE

You needn't have taken that child in here with you, adding to your expense. I guess I could hand out

biscuits,"she glanced longingly toward a fresh batch as Gloria iced Tractor Plow them. "Victoria simply won't 2844 Tractor 5 Base 4 Base Gang Plow

bake. She says it takes too much 1 8-28 Tractor 3 Base Big Base Reversible Plow

gas.". RowRow CropCrop TractorEquipment G ListerRidse Buster DiscQuackHarrowGrass Harrow

Jut I F E was tranquil and smooth for Gloria. She

worked early and late, but she had no worry. The world was peaceful and prosperous. Others had Oneway Disc Plow Double Disc Drill Manure Spreader

Disc Harrow Wide Fertilizer Drill Beet Bean Tools and invention thetaken of Marup

Disc Tandem Harrow Furrow Planter Drill Corn

It coni's. than was now more Fallovator Alfalfa Drill I. E. 2-32 Tools Hay

wireless. They had fussed around,

just like Edison did with electrici256 The Improvement Era for February, 1932

ty, until they had contrived what Suddenly upon this peace and dering at life, rejoicing that he they called a radio. Rodney had sense of security came a thunderhad gone, suppressing that dread

one. He had what he called "ear bolt that shook the world. A which sprang up in her subcon-

phones."You put them over boy somewhere over in Serbia, scious mind, the bell on the little

your head, while he turned many wherever that was, had shot a shop door tinkled violently and handles and bulbs on a little box prince. That had been the rocket Flora and Florence rushed in.

gradfor stay even unison. "Can't fireworks. of pressed had Germany—out—music—voices—staticand pretty soon you heard things needed to explode a world of sup- "We're going!"they cried in

a get will uation. Perhaps exflown for just we been waiting such anthe air! An airplane had

over their house. What else was cuse. Like Napoleon of a hunchance to work with Peter."A

there left to improve the world! dred years ago, the Kaiser had few, the merest few, clothes in

dreams of world supremacy. His traveling bags, a hasty kiss, a partFrance—England,armies were upon goodBelgiumold Engand ing injunction to Claire to "take As land, had resented Germany's gone.care piToMother"Chicago—toand Newthey Yorkwere treatment of Belgium, and she was—to a boat—to France—to

no in too. the fracas fields—to George battle gone. Heaven, thought Gloria Thank time to think—theyhospitals. wereShe had

Washington withtry wasn'ta sense involved.of smugness,AllherofcounEu- whichGloriahadwassteeledglad herfor totheendure.years

rope could fight to the death Glad for Claire to care for—gladmade her served his fellowmen in days she couldn't help it. Her chilfor the necessity that

gone by, so each American has dren were safe. She was glad for fatigue that made work—gladher able to sleep. Creeping wearan Opportunity today to make Peter was getting his training in

his country greater, by becomAmerica. Glad Nancy was away ily into bed a 'week later, she

ing a better neighbor, and a off in South her glanced at the gourds, now transAmerica—gladDoctors and ferred to the book case in their more useful citizen. twins were girls.

The testimony of those we girls and men who studied bugs, mutual bedroom.

biologists, they called them, were "War, Claire,"Gloria pointed have served will convince you. never taken for soldiers. to the gourd where a Kafir stood

array. full painted "War with price up. in of wheat went

French, the one grandfather where raise price the retail to Jos. Wm. Taylor, Inc. GloriaThe had

Morticians of her breads and cakes. Well, was killed, where one saw three

well. in one buried fight men couldn't Europeans and hundred "The Cost is a Matter of those land; over the Dutch War with was the same farm at time. Who

Your Own Desire"it said: war with the Kafirs. War with

"Hammer your swords into the Indians. War with the Spanthat reaches plow shares."ish—and now war

over the whole world."Of her

Index to Advertisers V (LAIRE was straightfour children only Nancy was safe!

Company Page er now. She laughed voluntarily.

Beneficial Life Ins. Co. -Back Cover She played with a spontaneity OHE held out the

Bennett Glass 8 Paint Co. 250 that was a joy to watch. Gloria gourd to Claire that she might

Coop Poultry Producers Ass'n 247 laughed to watch her. She was better inspect the tattooed Kafir.

250 Dairy Clover LeafHarris If farms. only a thousand worth and for it, fumbled Claire reached 252 Continental Oil Company cure to could be done something gourd upon the precious dropped Society 251 Building Deseret

Deseret News Press 254 that twist in her face. the hard, uncarpeted floor. The

Grant, Heber J. Co 252 But suddenly the smile was gone old brittle pod broke into many

Coke Co. -251 Coal Independent face gone from from Claire's pieces, the seeds rattled in the si-—Fuel Knight Company faces of the 246 Gloria's; gone from lence. 251 Business College L. D. S.

"Melos"Music Publ. House.—248 the grim visaged men and women "O, Aunty Glory,"she cried

Mitchell's Beauty Shoppe 248 who passed the little bakery. The in contrition, "I have broken your

of Music—249 National Academy perfume spring held blossoms no She climbed treasured gourd!"255 Oliver Equipment Co Farm green. look the grass did not The to pick about running of bed, out Co. PorterWalton Europe, gone beyond war had pieces. Inside Cover shattered Front the huup

It intervention. demanded manity 254 Culture of Beauty School Quish stepped again, "I cried she "O,"

Hatcheries but longer "they"253 "we"no was Ramshaw

It's sharp. seeds. of the one on 249 Desserts Royal fighting. were Even Marwho in seed a queer such I never saw 249 Salt Costume Co Lake not wireless invention coni's had

Inc. Jos. 256 Taylor, Wm., life."all my Lusitania. the to able save been 248 S. Novelty U. Co obsmall a hard dropped She letter special delivery from Chick The Cooperative Baby Utah

in Gloria's hand. ject Even into - Hatchery superfluous. Gloria 24 7 Peter seemed

Utah Oil Refining Co knew what it contained. Already the dim light of the bedroom GloInside Cover Back it a timehard- ria was not knew his were Doctors way. he was on 245 Light Co Power Utah it seed. was Although gourd ened learned front. at the needed had He Beauty of High School Utah she unpolished, knew and rough in in that his deal years a good 24 7 Culture

Z. C. M. I.... 253 little laboratory. While Gloria she held a diamond in her hand.

sat with his letter in her lap, won- (To be continued)

The Choice of Most Intermountain Motorists

There must be sound reasons why Some oils do one of those jobs the other. more intermountain motorists use satisfactorily—some do

Vico than any other oil. Vico does them both. It is a most

Better performance and greater remarkable achievement in modeconomy! Those are the outern oil refining science.

stand features you get, In addition, Vico is the cleanest want—and

in Vico. oil you can buy. It contains only

It performs better because it is onetenth to onehalf as much carscientifically refined to: bon as other wellknown oils.

Just try Vico in your car. It is Flow freely in cold weather—sold with a definite moneyback

Stand up under the heat develguarantee. Ask your nearest

oped inside your motor! Vico dealer.

A Q UA ft? ICO MOTOR OIL

Manufactured and Guaranteed by Utah Oil Refining Co., Salt Lake City

worm WHAT DO YOU READ IN THE FUTURE?

Present conditions bring one to realize the uncertainty of the future and the absolute necessity of being properly insured. BENEFICIAL LIFE INSURANCE

is one investment that is positive. Insurance values never know just fluctuate—you

what your values will be and that it will be available when you want it.

Over two billion dollars paid during 1931 by life insurance companies. More money

was paid to living policyholders than for death claims.

BENEFICIAL PROTECTION removes the gloom clouds of the future, eliminates worry and guarantees comfort for you and your loved ones.

We have a contract to cover your particular need—and your pocket book. Bear in

mind

m/rvce/ Mj low aimuJOAimrpfjiJim Swush/

Issued only by f 9fo? BIG HOME COMPANY

Is your %e BENEFICIAL LIFE INSURANCE CO

DIRECTORS HOME OFFICE: SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH DIRECTORS

J. HEBER President GRANT, J. GEO. VICE PRESIDENT 2ND CANNON, IVINS, A. W. 1st Vice E. T. RALPHS President B. SECRETARY OHLSON,

F. JOS. SMITH General B. F. Manager A. GRANTC.

DAVID O. MCKAY