v

N

IMPROVEMENT

Jlpril 195/

.,,:.

A-FiMBfcfMni Like magic...

bigger inside -

smaller outside/

Look at the big Freezer Compartment in the only refrigerator with no motor to wear or grow noisy! Plenty of room

for meats, fruits, vegetables—even

ice cream by the gallon! Ice cubes

pop out easily from new QuickRelease

Trays—no juggling.

QuickChange Shelves make it easy to store bulky foods, extra tall bottles.

There's even a cluttersaving "Odds and Ends"Basket! And the new, marvelous, motorless Servel is bigger

inside, smaller outside... gives you

more useful space in less kitchen floor area.

See the world's finest refrigerator at your Gas Appliance dealer's.

MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY

OPENYOURMOUTH, CLOSEYOUREYES,

By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

Professor Robert H. Pfeiffer of

Harvard University has reported in Isis, the journal devoted to the history of science, concerning an inTownHouse teresting photograph he received in July 1948. The picture is of a fine CRACKERS

rock inscription discovered by William

M. McCart of Albuquerque, New

Mexico. Professor Pfeiffer, a specialist in Semitic languages at Harvard

and Boston universities, recognized the inscription to be a summary of the

Ten Commandments, based on Exodus 20:2-17, written in an excellent imitation of the old Phoenician alphabet,

which has not been in use for almost two thousand years. He concludes:

"The discovery of who engraved that inscription in New Mexico would make an interesting item of Americana."

Twins have an average difference of nine points in scores in intelligence tests. Ordinary brothers and sisters

show an average difference of about sixteen points.

I, two andIN France, in World War a half million out of ten million males between the ages of twenty and fifty years were killed, sustained major injuries, or were gassed and shellshocked.

first westThe United States was the ern nation to break into Korea's medieval isolation with a treaty of amity and commerce in 1882. For

twenty years after the signing of the treaty, the American representatives were favored at the Korean court.

T theNapiercost ofAdlaminstallationhas foundof a snowthat melting system, using pipes just below the surface, varies from about $1.00

to $3.00 a square foot of surface kept

free of snow. In operation a heavy

snowstorm can be dealt with at a cost of about six cents an hour for each 1000 square feet of heated area.

Icebreaker ships such as the Northwind of the United States Coast

Guard can break ice five feet thick at 4.8 knots, or they can open ice ten feet thick by backing and ramming. ToraTasteSurprise,

From 1871 to 1941 the United States worth

Coast Guard saved property valued ToodSfat at 2 billion dollars and 203,609 lives. purity Tom House c&fa* Since 1941 an annual average of 5000

lives and 200 million dollars worth of property have been preserved. PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY Salt Lake Pocatello Phoenix

APRIL 1951 209 THE CITIZEN AND THE STATE look up...

Tn the Hoosier state of Indiana, in By DR. G. HOMER DURHAM

HP; the heart of midAmerica, a LatterHead of Political Science Department,

of Utah look down... V hardday Saintin thecollegefield ofstudentchemistry.is studyingHe is University

also concerned with the field of public affairs, and wrote to me as follows:

look all around! "My feeling is that your statement: infromthe aHoosieryoung state.L.D.S. college student

'any foreign policy is tragic now'is a |wj|- -.'/ slurjectives.on whatIt, tooughtme, toindicatesbe valiantan obob- On December 22, 1950, the writer

liviousness and dearth of spirit. It of this column sat down and wrote a

means to me indirectly that you value letter to the President of the United peace more than American freedom States of America suggesting that he and that you have given up more or give a Christmas present to the Ameriless trying to have anything to do with can people in the form of a joint executhe American position, but [are contive-legislative council to formulate tent] just to 'wait for Christ'while our and accept responsibility for the government goes down."formulation of national

policy during any na- ***** This is a thoughttional emergency. The

distance between Capiful paragraph from a tol Hill where the Constudent, thoughtful sits, gress and the White the which must typify THE VISTADOME Presithe where House thought of many young men and women in 1951. dent sits, is far greater

The words above were than the hundreds of written in an exchange yards of asphalt paving of correspondence. I separating the two. Bebelieve his analysis of fore his death, the late

this writer's position is Charles A. Beard wrote

inaccurate, but the words are repro- a monograph in which he pointed out duced because they reflect the honest the fact that American government has outpouring of a human spirit that is developed to the point where the presianxious to change things for the dency may now involve America in

DAILY BETWEEN better. great policy commitments with which

is bound this letter previous to go along—or young man Congress In a SALT LAKE CITY AND administration the embarrass and colfor suggespleaded some and urged

SAN FRANCISCO tions as to how the influence of enlapse the relationships painstakingly fields. built in executive foreign by the might opinion gospel be lightened Enjoy a mileafter-mile panoramits in this history point Said Beard: "At in to Washington. The bear brought ic, Vista the of view most -Dome republic the arrived unhas American or as to whether raised question was in the magnificent scenery U.S.A.

the that of the der President theory organize should Saints not Latterday... California's through famed limitless States the possesses United in political and the for action domestic River Feather during Canyon publicly authority misrepresent to and I I fields. that replied foreign policy hours! daylight

secretly policy, to foreign control felt withunwise, this except be would Luxurious Sleeping..lowCars. affairs, foreign the and power."war this time. in limits, at certain Reclining cost Chair VistaDome of the L. Dr. UniJames McCamy rethis major chemistry our To..Diner Cars. Cars...two Lounge in versity of written a has Wisconsin sponded:...five Vista -Domes! recent Administration volume, of The for benesuggestion "I a Church have

that Foreign "one American Affairs, Include California Southern is It fit on the based to Washington.

is office certain: thing President's the via San Francisco monopolize to fact that not want do we

as to needs organized more an be fare'. rail additional No convictions opinions and force our or

'institution his that so perform can he 'wish rather to help.'but America, on

efficiently."THE TRAIN TALKEDABOUT assigned MOST more work

three the offers following He then servRobert E. Sherwood, saw who IN THE COUNTRY!

active stimulation of proposals: (1) office ice the within House White

Ticket Office, Call or write Pacific Western in our national problems of discussion in the era of during F.D.R., wrote Street, Salt South Lake City 48 Main of individual activity groups, mem- (2) "I out Hopkins, came Roosevelt and

bers of the Church in making sugof my own experience of five years of gestions to government officials for government service in wartime with improvement, (3) stronger encouragealarmed awareness of the risks that we ment for our people to send their run of disastrous fallibility at the very thoughts out to their leaders when top of our constitutional structure."

needed. *****

In this writer's humble communicaWell, there are some suggestions (Concluded on page 303) 210 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

ited to accePf V *& of the IWhy the uiuij JLLLiuufiu \jiuu onei YViVnT

*ny Wa the Fa OF THESE <|'f S Reading gcShe"'"able

FINE BOOKS WITH 189MEMKUHIP FOR ONLYANY3ii

;:;::: ',.: v::v:;:;:::::-::::.:::*:':.:';:;:.ilMSill?:::::;;y:::::::

illBIl

THE GREATEST STORY EVER TOLD SON OF A HUNDRED KINGS Funk & Wagnalls NEW COLLEGE Complete Book of GARDEN MAGIC

By Fulton Oursler By Thomas B. Coslain STANDARD DICTIONARY By Roy E. Biles

first basically guide different word all The story a weaves retelling Here's to life This author this the of need to elimyou joyous know Now in years enover 145,000 Contains inate guesswork, reset, the to of entirely of a sixyear enjoy Jesus the and old boy, has been bound famousnineties—of measures 1,420!; of illustrated in x garden cloth, beautiful your 6V2"dreams red relatives friends without or methods, and and tries, New

size. in for the must; shortcuts. home paintings. with color Pubpages! superb new pages;A 9V4"the 334 hundreds important he becomes most lefthow

lisher's edition, $5.00. person in town. Pub. ed., $3.00. library. Publisher's edition, $5.50, of howto-doit drawings.

Funk & Wagnalls Family Book NEW STANDARD CREATIVE of FAVORITE HYMNS HOME FOOLISH DECORATING POUND

Austin By Arthur By The Rockows BIBLE DICTIONARY Molloy By Robert to words than music -step Complete and stepby more methods of "Pride's author has The for The Way"indispensable aid to a full underAn real working in Inlove Americans wonders most. your 100 hymns home. tale, gentle written a again gay and Scriptures. standing the of Contains

500 illustrations, 41 fullcolor hisshort cludes commentaries in and "demin rich sympathy warm and humor. authoritative information perabout onstration charts, etc. rooms", tories Pubillustrations of each. Color delightful of by romance manners. A sons, places things in and mentioned lisher's edition, $4.95. Publisher's edition, $3.00. ed., Louden, George Jr. Pub. $4.95. the Bible. Publisher's edition, $4.95.

[iimm;r: '

WINTER WEDDING THE THREE STORIES MEANINGS THE OF GREAT THE OPERAS WIFE COUNTRY

B. Martha By Harper Harry By Emerson Fosdick Milton Cross By Dorothy By Van Doren

bitterEscaping Fosdick's Dr. from tragedy, a famous young aria, every comall Contains hilarious The the adventures action, of a Manpleteand heartbroken girl and Pennsylvania deunabridged in now the stories one hattandwelling complete family of of 72 es-—trilogy, they when

cides to Civil volume. her meanings of The to home. Faith, cape the War bestloved for world's operatic four dramas. months theA

is Prayer ServiceHere she and help comfort found better howleave you each and year. for delightful years of book richlyrewarding chuckle Acountry on

inlove faroff understand the Iowa. Christian life. of every way page. Publisher's study. edition, Publisher's edition, $3.00. $3.75.

WHY WE MAKE THIS SENSATIONAL OFFER! MAIL COUPON NOW/ 1

this Beading Family Club IThe makes Free Books "Bonus"offer tounusual demonstrate THREE THE CHECK how memdistributes BOOKS Club Family Reading YOU WANT The a inbership the the Club best you I free for four each Book "Bonus"Club IN WITH MEMBERSHIP FAMILY CLUB THE READING enjoyable atand most books newbrings much take. you will These books FAMILY Dept. READING CLUB, 4-ER MINEOLA, YORK NEW Iless publishers'retail the editions! than of excelthe standards high Club meetselections Please send at once the I three me books checked have The Greatest Story are publishers invitedEach to month interest, lence, writing superior and at the right as Gift first Membership Books my and I IllusEver believe will—Told theysubmit books meet subject wholesome matter—and you can bill selection, all only (plus and $1.89 for delivery) meFamily standards. Reading Club trated Ourthe fine Edition library this a up at home way three. Also enroll as of a the I member Family me Readselects of it Editors thenBoard the book expense. extra of buildno purchase books The of Son a Hundred ing Club send and me, each month, of review the acan enthusiastically to recommend most for the only Club $1.89 from each—inKings Club's forthcoming I selection. I privilege of the have aremembers. These books every which the of publishers'retail stead regular notifying if in I you advance do not wish to any College New Standard your family of canmember read—books prices of $2.50 to to $4.00—saves you 25% selection, or I whether to wish of purchase anyaccept the pleasure, read Dictionary be with remembered of dollars. your the book when 35% And alternate books special offered—at the price members'discussed delight,toand with retained and is value of In, the figured Complete Bonus of Books Book of only (plus each postage handling). and Therein library your with pride. home actually as you save as much 50% Garden Magic are no $1.89membership fees, I or dues accept and may Membership Means What To You Join Send No as Money—Now as few four selections or Standard alternates New the during Bible comis for charge There no in membership believe If in ing club a you will book twelve which I months. will As member, receive a free a Dictionarythe Family Club beyond Reading the cost to finest the appeal instincts of Bonus every with Book each four alterselections Club or Creative Homeof the books themselves. pay only You of let family, I your us nates member introduce accept.

Decorating$1.89 (plus each postage and handling) the to you Family Reading Club NOW, Mr.for the books purchase you reading get can you Foolish choice Pound of your ANY Mrs willthe review book which to your comeafter of the wonderful books described whileTHREE Family Book of is It each Miss not month.home necessary to (Please print) as your here—two Membership FREE Favorite Hymnspurchase every a book four Gift, month—only first as one and selection your Club Street and Noto yeareach retain your All membership. Winter total value Wedding as—a as high $15.45—for only Dselections are new, complete, wellno just Send money, the mail couThe Three Meaningsprinted wellbound. and your books And today. However, this $1.89!pon City. as unusual..Zone...State.,

of. Stories Complete delivered to be your door the by at be withdrawn time, may any offerurge we

f Age, the to Greatwillpostman—ready in read! price Canada: 105 Operas to St., Bond you the mail Toronto coupon NOW! 2 'Offer in only.l[Same good the 21. Under U.S.A. and Canada The Country Wife FAMILY READING CLUB MINEOLA, YORK NEW

APRIL 1951 211 \Jfficlal \Jraan of THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD

TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF

Jke Church of

/jeiui (.nrist

of oLatteraatA faints r r*J n*J VOLUME 54 NUMBER 4 4j/ 1951

Editors: GEORGE ALBERT SMITH - JOHN A. WIDTSOE - RICHARD L. EVANS

Managing Editor: DOYLE L. GREEN

Associate Editor: Managing

Manuscript Editor: J. MARBAResearchC. JOSEPHSONEditor: ALBERT L. ELIZABETH MOFFiTT

ZOBELL, JR. - "Today's Family"Editor: BURL SHEPHERD - Art Director: NELSON WHITE

Contributing Editors: ARCHIBALD F. BENNETT - G. HOMER DURHAM

FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR. - HUGH NIBLEY - LEE A. PALMER

CLAUDE B. PETERSEN - SIDNEY B. SPERRY

General Manager: ELBERT R. CURTIS - Associate Manager: BERTHA S. REEDER

Business Manager: JOHN D. GILES - Advertising Director: VERL F. SCOTT

Subscription Director: A. GLEN SNARR

THE EDITOR'S PAGE "Living Up to the Light"George Albert Smith 221 THE COVER

CHURCH FEATURES Mormon activities in California began the of Saints landing the Latterday with Fad? Evidences and Reconciliations: CLIII—What is a 1846. 29, the from ship Brooklyn, July A. Widtsoe 222 John

is fourcolor from reproduction This Research Through Correspondence—Genealogy painting made especially for The Im-a

Margaret E. P. Gordon 227 provement Era by Arnold Friberg, naChurch The 216 Moves On

to Appointees Y. M.M.I.A. New MMelchizedekr. Priesthood, nColumn, 274074274 tionallyrecognizedmember of the L. artistD. S. andChurch.an active 214 No.LiquorTobacco General Board

Genealogy 227 Presiding Bishopric s Page 276

CALIFORNIA FEATURES EDITORIAL50 NorthAND MainBUSINESSStreetOFFICES

St. Offices, 50 Y.M.M.I.A. in North Main Courage Northern Church and High Resolve—The L. D S.

St. Offices, Y.W.M.I.A. Main 40 North California 224 Aird Macdonald W,

Vigilance Was Their Motto—The L. D, S. Church in Southern Salt Lake City 1, Utah

California Leo J, Muir 228 Copyright 1951 by Mutual Funds, Inc., a CorporaSam Brannan and the Sad Years Paul Bailey 232 tion of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement

Land Title History of the Los Angeles Temple Site AssociationLatterday Saints.of the ChurchAll rightsof Jesusreserved.ChristSubof

Noel C. Stevenson 238 scription price, $2.50 a year, in advance; foreign

in subscriptions, advance; 25c a year, $3.00 Battalion in California L. Zobell, Albert The Jr. 242 Mormon

copy. single "First"244...Doyle John L. Green Farmer—I M, Horner—California's City, Utah, Salt Office, Post Lake at the Entered

Pictorial Saint in California 256 of Latterday History for Map mailing matter. secondclass Acceptance as

SPECIAL FEATURES at1103,specialAct rateof Octoberof postage1917,providedauthorizedfor in Julysection2, 1918. Fellowship Stars the Under

responsible is not for unEra Improvement C. Frank Steele 231 The

the 11 -yearold Scouting and contributions. Boy in the L. D. S. Church solicited manuscripts, but welcomes

Forace Green 235 All manuscripts must be accompanied by sufficient

Hope for the Future Harris Van Orden 236 postage for delivery and return.

Through the Eyes of Youth—Why I Plan to be Married in the Change of Address

Temple, LaNece Weber 241 Fifteen days'notice required for change of ad- A Natural Source of Energy Louise Spencer 253 dress. When ordering a change, please include

slip recent of from magazine. the address a Square The Spoken Word from Temple

unless the old cannot be Address changes issuemade Richard L. Evans 252, 262, 268, 272 is as well included. the one as address new

Exploring the Universe, Franklin Sing a Song of Salads..294

S. Harris, Jr......209 Blueprint for Beauty

These Times. The Citizen and the How About Your Waistline?-296 National Advertising Representatives

State, G. Homer Durham 210 Storage Hints, Louise Price Bell298

S. the 247 EDWARD TOWNSEND COMPANY Bookrack On 299 Bookrack Homemaker's Building Russ Family..Burl Editor Shepherd, Today's

Francisco, California San 293, 299 Hints Handy Figurines, Fashioning Period

ESCHEN, HENRY Dorothy Page and Ours 292 Your Herr M. S. 304 EDWARD TOWNSENDG. COMPANY

STORIES, POETRY Los 1324AngelesWilshire17, CaliforniaBlvd.

Luck Is of the Heart Ezra J. Poulsen 248 HARRY V. LYTLE

332 Michigan Ave. South I 237 Tippetts R. Veteran a Met J. Illinois 4, Chicago

Francis Rooted, 272 Pryor Rock Temple, Frontispiece, Los Angeles SADLER ASSOCIATES AND SANGSTON Last Stand Saunders 'Bessie SPen"342 Madison Ave. architect's drawing from an y....218 fiQ....289 cer Y. 17, York N. New

Poetry Page 220 Legacy, Helen Carson Janssen 301

April Foolin'! Leone E. McGune....270 Prairie Steeple, Cliff Walters 303 Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

212 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA As America's Oldest Airline begins its second quartercentury...

In April, Western Air Lines becomes Western is proud to have developed meeting the needs of commerce the first airline in the nation to comnew equipment and techniques and of the postal service, its record plete 25 years of continuous operathat have been adopted by the shows many jobs well done for the tion. Air transport's growth during industry; proud that in addition to military during World War II—

this quartercentury has speeded including the operation for over the development of the West by three years of a vital route setting new standards of travel between Montana and Alaska.

and communication. Today some of Western's personWestern is proud to have pionel and aircraft are engaged

neered from its original route beunder Air Force contract in the tween Los Angeles and Salt Lake Pacific Airlift from California to

City, started in 1926 with twoTokyo.

passenger, open cockpit biplanes, On its Silver Anniversary, to its present 5000mile system, Western pledges its continued serving each day with modern, effort to strengthen the nation's dependable airplanes, 45 cities air transport facilities—for peace,

in 13 western states and Canada. mobilization or war.

uisniix LINES AIR scheduled airlines WESTERNi AIR i 25 years of progress by America's,| MB IfL is reflected in the contrast between Western's modern airliners and the little M-2 biplane that made Western's first flight on April 17, 1926. In continuous operation since thai uuy,

Western is America's Oldest Airline.

&ttl< APRIL 1951 NEW APPOINTEES TO Y.M.M.I.A. GENERAL BOARD

Elders Irving Pratt Beesley, Rlder Cannon, who became ward

George I. Cannon, John U. Sunday School organist in the

Webber, Knight B. Kerr, and West Ensign Ward when he was

David H. Yarn, Jr., have been aptwelve years of age and later served

pointed to the general board of the as M. I. A. organist, is an Eagle

Young Men's Mutual Improvement Scout. His college training at the

Association. University of Utah and Brigham

Young University was interrupted, gLDER Beesley, popularly known first by a call to the mission field as "Bing,"graduated from the where he served as music director

L. D. S. University and attended of the Eastern States Mission and a

the University of Utah. He is a committee member for the Hill

thirtyfour-year veteran of the Boy Cumorah pageant, and then for

Scouts of America, and has the three years service in the United rank of Eagle Scout. He filled a States army during World War II.

mission to Germany and Austria, Here he served as a chaplain's asbeginning in 1928, where he organsistant, and for one year he was ized the L. D. S. youths in the Boy the L. D. S. group leader at Foggia,

Scout program in the various disItaly.

tricts of that mission. In 1929, he More recently he has been agewas Scout Commissioner of the group assistant superintendent of

L. D. S. troops in the Berlin Disthe West Ensign Ward and activity

trict, and that year he attended the assistant superintendent of the EnInternational Boy Scout Jamboree sign (Salt Lake City) Stake Young in Birkenhead, England, with the Men's Mutual Improvement AssoGerman Scout federation. In 1930 ciation.

he served in the European Mission is His wife the former Isabel Office of the Church at Liverpool. Hales, the and couple have a yearIn 1932 he commenced sixteen old son. Elder Cannon is assigned

years of professional Scout work, to the music committee.

serving in California, Oregon, and with sidewalls of Washington, where he was active in the stakes and branches of the

Church.

At the present time he resides in

Bountiful, Utah, where he and Mrs.

Beesley are members of the stake

M. I. A. boards. Elder Beesley is

the Era director in the South Davis modern sistentlyStake, thebeenstakeamongwhichthe leadershas conof economical... the Church in the present campaign.

Modernize this economical He and Mrs. Beesley, the former

JOHN U. WEBBER KNIGHT B. KERR with a sideway GENUINE are the Louise May, parents of two wall material of red cedar daughters. is Elder Beesley asshingles! Subdued, smart

colors give signed to the new, yourhome Era and the in born was Webber Scout Polder protective beauty! Double committees of the general board. Logan, Utah but coursed grew construction to manpro-

vides DOUBLE INSULAhood in Preston, Idaho. He has TION!

been a student at Utah State AgriAvailable in 5 Dtstmcttve Colors, cultural College. He began work

SEE YOUR NEAREST with the dance program in Twin

LUMBER DEALER Falls, Idaho in 1937, and a year

MORRISONMERRILL & CO. formerlater, inRuth1938,Mecham,he and becamehis wife,dancethe

Building Material Distributors directors of the Preston Stake. They

205 North 3rd West have been dance directors sucSALT LAKE CITY, UTAH cessively in South Ogden and Mt.

Ogden (Utah) stakes since that

Also at Boise, Twin Falls, Pocatello, Ida., time, becoming district dance superReno, Nev. visors for the South Ogden area in

IRVING P. BEESLEY GEORGE I. CANNON 1947.

He has been a scoutmaster and Sunday School teacher in the activity asPreston First Ward, frowL (Bookcrafts... in superintendentsistant both Preston and South Ogden stakes. Atthis appointment he is Y.M.M.I.A. A HELPING HAND TO GREATER

in directordance the Mt. Ogden

district supervisor for the KNOWLEDGE & UNDERSTANDINGStake and

South Ogden area.

He and his wife are the parents TO MISSIONARIES:

of four sons and two daughters. He MASTERFUL DISCOURSES ANDis assigned to the dance committee

of the general board. WRITINGSCompiledOFby N.ORSONB. Lundwall PRATT

Continuous demand has caused the reprinting of this, one of the most popular L.D.S. books. As President Wilford Woodruff said, "Brother Pratt lived longer in this Church, traveled

more miles and preached more sermons than any man in it."He had baptized thousands and fulfilled the revelation given to him through the Prophet Joseph Smith, November *400

4, 1830. An enlightening book that will help you understand

one of the most important men of the Church.

DAVID H. YARN, JR. THE WORLD'S GREATEST NEED

Nephi Jensen

What is the Gospel? What is Religion? What is Conversion?

What is the Spirit? WHAT IS THE WORLD'S GREATEST

NEED? For the answer to these questions and many others

that are so vital to us today, you should have a copy of "The World's Greatest Need"—a vital book on a vital *250

subject—by a real thinker.

TO GOSPEL DOCTRINE

"P'lderhis EagleKerr,ranka Scoutin 1931.man, attainedIn addiTEACHERS & CLASS MEMBERS: ANCIENT AMERICA FOR & A NEW WITNESS

tion he holds seventyone merit THE CHRIST BOOK IN AMERICA OF MORMON badges. He became junior assistant Dr. Milton R. Hunter Dr. Francis Kirkham $2.50

scoutmaster of his old troop in the and Thomas S. Ferguson $4.00

University Ward of Salt Lake City BOOK OF MORMON

CUMORAH'S GOLD BIBLE GUIDE BOOK assistant scoutmasterin 1933, and

E. Cecil McGavin Birrell $2.25 Verla $5.00 to thein 1935. was called He

French Mission in 1937. While OUR BOOK OF THESE AMAZING

on his mission in 1937 he attended MORMON MORMONS the world Scout Jamboree, which Dr. Sidney B. Sperry $2.75 Joseph H. Weston $1.00

was held in Holland. AMERICA BEFORE GEOGRAPHY OF THE

He was graduated from the UniCOLUMBUS BOOK OF MORMON versity of Utah and has done postDewey Farnsworth $5.00 E. Cecil McGavin $.75

graduate work at the University of

Utah and the University of Paris. STORY OF THE BRANCHES OVER THE

WALL OF BOOK MORMON He was scoutmaster of the JapaPierce Florence $1.00 $3.00 Ora Pate Stewart

nese Christian Church in Salt Lake

City from 1939 to 1941, and served THE GOLDEN PLATES CUMORAH WHERE?

as Scout commissioner of EmigraFlorence Pierce $2.50 Thomas S. Ferguson $1.00

tion (Salt Lake City) Stake, 1940ORSON PRATT'S WORKS TREASURES TO SHARE 41, and scouting chairman of that Orson Pratt $2.75 Melvin Westenskow $2.00

stake, 194142.

service with the United His States duty TO GENEALOGICAL WORKERS: included combat army

in the Philippine Islands and ocFAMILY RECORD BINDER cupation duty in Japan. He left

the army in 1946, as a major in the Everyis an trueinvaluablestudentaidandtoteacherkeepingfindsrecordsthat thiscompletelyTemple andBinderinfield artillery, having served five order.colors of Ittanis orbeautifullyblack. embossed in gold, available in *3oo

years.

AT YOUR BOOK DEALER, OR ORDER DIRECT FROM He has been adviser of the Explorer post in the Stratford Ward,

Highland (Salt Lake City) Stake, from 1946 to this call to the general board. BOOKCRAFT1186 SOUTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY 4, UTAH

(Concluded on page 301 APRIL 1951 215 THE CHURCH MOVES ON

conference the Richfield Ward and the over the age of twentyfive. Women

January 195 Morgan Branch were incorporated intwenty-three years of age or over still to the one ward known as the Lajara are eligible for calls to the mission 117 Doyle L. Green, managing ediWard. field.

* tor of The Improvement Era, reappointed to the general board of The first silver Gleaner memberthe Young Men's Mutual Improveship cards and pins mailed by the February 1951 ment Association. general offices of the Young Women's

Mrs. Bernice Austin Einzinger, Mutual Improvement Association. 9 President Ernest L. Wilkinson

president of the Wells (Salt Lake Thirtyseven Junior Gleaners qualified assumed duties as president of

City) Stake Primary, named to the for the awards in this new program Brigham Young University, in Provo, general board of the Primary Associfor girls between sixteen and eighteen Utah.

ation. years of age.

Figures from the Presiding Bishop's Appropriate Boy Scout proOffice indicate that about sixtythree \ Carl W. Buehner, A. Reed grams were held in many of the

percent of the population of Salt Lake Halversen, and Henry W. Jorgenwards and stakes.

City and seventythree percent of sen appointed to the general Church Taylorsville Ward, North Jordan

Utah are members of the Church. welfare committee. (Salt Lake County) Stake, divided to

The first of many thousands of girls'form the Taylorsville First and Second persons thousand Several O j atclass, individual, also area taken was and Some awards wards. ward

-*- Festithe O tended Hymn Singing First from the mailed Granger and Second by the Young Mutual Women's val in the Salt Lake Tabernacle which Improvement Association general ofwards. Abram Barker was susdemonstrated uses for the new Latterfices to ward presidents for distribution tained bishop of Taylorsville First and

day Saint Hymn Book. to those girls who have achieved in David McDougal as bishop of Taythe girls'program during 1950. lorsville Second.

() a The First Presidency announced The annual M.I.A. basketball tourGranger Third Ward, North Jordan

u "that because of unsettled condinament announced for March 2124. Stake, created from portions of Grantions the headquarters of the Chinese This year all competition will be played ger First Ward. William Grant

Mission was being transferred from at the University of Utah fieldhouse. Bangerter sustained as bishop of

Kowlon, Hong Kong, to Honolulu, Granger First Ward, and Estel L.

Territory of Hawaii. K President Richard L. Evans of Wright as bishop of Granger Third

The missionaries who are thus being the First Council of the Seventy Ward.

transferred are: President and Mrs. was the principal speaker at the anRichfield Fifth Ward, Sevier (Utah)

Hilton A. Robertson of Provo, Utah; nual banquet of the Los Angeles Stake, created from portions of RichElder Henry W. Aki, first counselor, Chamber of Commerce. His subject field Second Ward, with O. Woodruff

and Mrs. Aki, and Elders William K. was "Final Answers?"Parsons as bishop. Dwain J. PearPallani and James Kam Kion Yuen, all son is bishop of Richfield Second

of Honolulu; Herald Heaton and O Garfield Ward, Oquirrh (Salt Ward.

Robert Alvarus Parry, Salt Lake City; Lake County) Stake, divided inRichfield Sixth Ward, Sevier Stake,

and Harold Charles Smith, Ogden, to the First Ward, with Wilford S. created from portions of Richfield

Utah. Wilding as bishop, and the Second Third Ward, with Marion E. Lowder

Ward, with Verner C. Hardman as as bishop. The Third Ward received

George Q. Morris, president of bishop. parts of the First and Fourth wards,

the Eastern States Mission and and O. J. Condie was appointed bishop.

former general superintendent of the 9 Q Ermel J. Morton, English proYoung Men's Mutual Improvement Asfessor at Ricks College, Rex- 7 Mrs. Sybil W. Hansen and

sociation, delivered the Columbia burg, Idaho, to organize the new LiaMrs. Catharine A. Rich apBroadcasting System's "Church of the hona College in the Tongan Islands. pointed to general board of the PriAir"address. His subject was "The The $250,000.00 Church college, near mary Association.

Sabbath Day."Nukualofa, capital of the Friendly IsPresident David O. McKay dedilands, is a Church institution. Elder j Mill Creek (Salt Lake County)

cated the Rosslyn Heights Ward Morton translated the Book of MorStake organized with the followchapel, Highland (Salt Lake City) mon into the Tongan tongue while he ing wards: Mill Creek First, Mill

Stake recreation center and gymlabored as a missionary in 1939. Creek Second, and Valley Center

nasium. The building is also being wards from Cottonwood Stake, and

used by the Crystal Heights Ward. I The First Presidency announced Winder Ward from Big Cottonwood

Acting President Joseph Fielding that effective at once, only Stake. President M. Elmer ChrisSmith of the Council of the Twelve young men exempt from military servtensen was sustained with Raymond

dedicated the San Leandro Ward ice will receive calls to the mission D. Smith and James H. C. West as

chapel, Oakland (California) Stake. field. For the present time that will counselors. President Christensen was

Elder Ezra Taft Benson of the restrict missionary calls to young men president of the Cottonwood Stake,

Council of the Twelve dedicated the who are veterans of World War II, and President Smith was his second

La Jara Ward chapel, San Luis ( Colothose classified as 4-F, disqualified for counselor. The stake has a memberrado) Stake house. At the special service in the armed forces, and those ship of 4247.

216 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Murray (Salt Lake County) Stake organized with the following wards:Murray First, Second, Third, Fourth, POWER WAY

Fifth, Grant, and Murray Sixth, which etea"'-aTWHh was formerly known as South Grant

Ward. All these wards were from

the Cottonwood Stake. Sustained were

President Oral Joseph Wilkinson, with

Dr. Sylvan Lloyd Wright and Harold

Richards as counselors. The stake has

a membership of 6177.

Wilford (Salt Lake County) Stake organized with the following wards:

Cummings, Grandview, Imperial, Kenwood, and Wilford from the East Mill

Creek Stake, and Valley View from the Big Cottonwood Stake. President

George Z. Aposhian sustained, with

Rex C. Reeve and Holger P. Petersen

as counselors. Stake membership is

6233. Part of the Wilford Ward memberto quality hay

ship was transferred to Lorraine These are the fastmoving steps that capture the fragrant leafiWard, Grant Stake. ness, the color and protein of weatherresistant rolled bales.

East Mill Creek Stake now conTractor's PowerShift Wheels tosists of East Mill Creek, Evergreen, First you set the CA or WD

Allisstraddle cut the your QuickHitch Chalmers swath by Rosecrest wards.Highland and View,

trail so instantly spaces the rear wheels Engine mower. power stake in the no changeThere was

the hay. trample they no longer

consisting of President Lapresidency mont B. Gundersen, Gordon B. HinckTedding a new leafsaving way can often be your next move

ley, and H. Leroy Erickson. Stake to speed curing and shorten the time of exposure to the

membership is 4914. weather. Rotary tedding with the Allis -Chalmers Power Rake

Cottonwood Stake ceased to exist lifts damp hay out of the stubble and aerates either swath or as its wards were given to Mill Creek windrow. It sets rainsoaked windrows over on dry ground. For

and Murray stakes. However, a new tedding, you simply shift the reel to reverse.

Cottonwood Stake came into being, A third timesaving step is twin windrowing—laying two norby giving that name to the Big Cottonmal size windrows side by side for the bigcapacity ROTOBALER.

wood (Salt Lake County) Stake. This speeds up baling and cuts field,...,

Wards are Big Cottonwood, Cottontravel distance in half.

wood, Holladay First, Second, Third Fourth your ROTOBALER—( formerly Mt. Olympus ), Fourth

rolls then the bales that hay into

South), and South (formerly Olympus... seal out the

all fromCottonwood, the former.. its Big rain.seal inIt'sthebalingleavesat best

President Stake.Cottonwood G. Carwith can you equipment

sustained, withlos Smith, Jr., was afford farm. for your ownZelph Y. Erekson and Heber E. Peterson as counselors. President Smith

was formerly president of Big Cottonwood Stake, and President Erekson his second counselor. Stake membership is 5003.

There are now 183 organized stakes functioning in the Church.

President Bruce R. McConkie of

the First Council of the Seventy dedicated an addition to the Malad Second Ward chapel, Malad (Idaho)

Stake. 1q Revampingstake conventionsof theof schedulethe Churchof auxiliaries is now under way with the objective of minimum interruption of regular ward and stake meetings, Elder

Spencer W. Kimball of the Council POWER RAKE

of the Twelve announced. AND TEDDER

1m The First Presidency announced of Earl S. the appointment Paul, ROTOBALER

Stake, president (Utah) of Mt. Ogden

to preside over the Samoan Mission.

is an ALUSCHALMERSTRACTOR DIVISION—MILWAUKEE 1, U.S. A. ROTOBALER He is chairman of the Northern Utah trademark AUisChalmers

region of the Church welfare plan.

APR!L 1951 217

(Ldward Ls. Atndterion.

ARCHITECT

jRJ\M\ft THE LOS ANGELES TEMPLE *ftftiftiw

OF THE CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS GROWTH ETERNAL APRIL PARADOX By Catherine E. Berry By Amy Bruner Almy Edythe Hope Genee

is heart, quite explain for Apriltime here can never spring has laid its promise on the wake, myWhen all after rain tall birches the earth psalm lifts up its land When Why

And earth brings forth fulfilment from the of praise: Fill me with such vague unrest

seed, Where once the ground was barren, dun, Or why furred and feathered things,

We watch with anxious eyes where young and drear, And flashing blue of burnished wings, plants stand, A tender green now mantles all; the days Can take my breath in wordless pleas.

Ready to succor them, to pluck each weed Are fragrant; and each windy bough is The sight of tears on aged faces,

That dares to grow in close proximity; white Footprints in traildusty traces,

For growth is not a miracle alone With living promise; now, the meadow lark Ships and freightcar names of places,

Though started by some great divinity; Pours out its joy; the air is vibrant, light; Spill my tears in unknown quest.

No carelessness will nature quite conEach hidden seed awaits God's quickening A shaft of sun through redwood trees, done. spark. The poorwill's plaint on evening breeze,

With constant care, with vigilance, the Shall I, who have known many Aprils, A honeycomb, lacewrought by bees, earth dread A lost white flower my searching sees,

Rewards our toiling hands at each day's To die? To lay aside my wornout shell Can fill my heart with sweet hot pain.

close, For life renewed, as Christ rose from the

For with each sunset we esteem the worth dead Has beauty I have never guessed

Of climbing beans, of corn, of budding That April? Let me go, then, knowing well Left her stamp in fadeless stain?

rose; So long as there's a universe and God, Some secret knowledge she has pressed

And count our wealth not in some disThe buried seed shall waken from the sod. And left an arrow in my breast?

tant gain, But in the sturdiness of flower and grain.

SONG FOR DARK DAYS TO ONE WITH HEARING IMPAIRED

Gabbott Jones Mabel By Elaine V, By Emans COURAGE all things of audile beauty the o then: days and now By of a freshness meadowIs in the rain David Madrid likeBirdsongdark has done ""youlost—the

lark's lift to heart again More I my in e the darkness, ITH coura walked 9 sings\SI bullfrog throaty a tone, the Clear way all in the caroling sun. Than the neared. corner as but sparks; campfire of a crackle the night, I At like days, dark knowing whether I felt fright courage within me, a and afternoons, lazy of bees drone on The spirit of are the or They disappeared.

still is in all hot July, the world that When elements blue high weather The there all but I stood me, Folk around were tunes, like repeated distance in the rich, in And Lies store. unclouded all alone sky; free in wide, of plane a purring a The I street cross that could busy and How sun, in leaves lullabies of autumn The reach safely home? my radio, the chatter of homely The FACE JOY

they run feet as tiny music make The I felt small arm, hand a a hand upon my Zara Sabin By it so) is grant (oh, lost; unless this

tell; I could

in printed sound each phrase could pen MyAll I joy a mask was touch, CE to wear that with found courage me My word p felt well; help despair, keep serene hidden and To I mychosedeep be might that measure some So poignant little there to the seen had and For world That boy not me I knew would want

heard. need, see urgent knew my

Across and safe, I thanked him for his My naked soul in its misery.

good and generous deed. ELOCUTION And the world smiled, too. Its smile was

warm By Thelma Ireland friendly cheer innate an charm and With sunrise. to the chatter PARROWS RAIN DESERT

lies did the lipcurving not sense That carefree, gay. happy, sound They Q! the of eyes. hunger Nor glimpse empty Sadleir Huish By Beulah is jolly It oratory

T) ain on desert sagebrush, But, somehow or other, it was not long Prologue to an April day.

A Rain with a cooling breeze, Until my lips were curved in song;

the smiles of the world had taken a clouds low mountains, For on Snowbank share JOSEPH THE PROPHET trees. without Mountains

Of burdens I thought too heavy to bear. By John W. Fitzgerald Night on a raincooled desert,

I that to sharing with came And know shifting with a Night moon life. eternal of secret the E knew are for smiles show, even That made when in the of silence bands break a Not his holy was of Mormon The Book the lighten task heart the ease They and plaintive coyote's croon! a Save page. is Until the longer a face joy no on

this of Prophet creed. taught no A mask. He sunrise into desert a Riding

age to obstruct view, the naught With strife. of to a world his commission Was ALL MARTHAS TO sagebrush, the smell pungent

like truth, Laban's God's He new! and world seems young AndI canthe Julia By W. Wolfe knife sword—abrought

f\ H> Martha, crushed with many cares, To cut the Gordian knot of error, and encourage tasks, to household Tied down HOME All, from lowly peasant to the wise old the fanfare and the fame Without sage, By Don Marshall That human selflove asks. and seek, and find eternal life. To knock

is shell not painted a thirsty guests for of home Son The God A celestial he's stood up years For many feet, well; that dusty wine, bric-a-brac matches washed Gave With

hills all night toiled friends his heart, the soul, the It shares the mind, had when And mysteries. earthlocked of the Inside door fire, their meat. of served laughter tears mankind. and and The Made masterkeys are mighty his hands Within

A home is not some boards in place, He set his seal of sanctity Of priesthood; power which all fulfils.

Divided into rooms and space; On humble, helpful things. He looks again upon this Church of God;

It's built on faith in God above There is no daily deed of love He smiles and says, "Hold fast the iron

And furnished with abiding love. But what an angel sings. rod."

220 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA (C>3\9\J\>*>Ov33\3\>2siNjv>i

T Living up to the

W1TO5SS B-P*msiden eorae Atibert S)mith

E MEET many very good men and baser passions to rule them, will not only women in. the world who have high be unhappy but will wither and pass away,

ideals and are striving from their viewand a race more worthy will inhabit God's point to do good, but there are comparatively footstool. 9)9)

?) few who have a satisfactory assurance of My brethren and sisters, it is not a matter 9)

will 9) outcome to be the what concern for of me plan Father's and purposes our Heavenly it is this: yourselves of this Keep but work, his children. Surely 9) of eternal progress the

we as Latterday Saints ought to appreciate clean and pure and you shall inherit the y>9) the knowledge that the gospel brings, and we earth, for your Heavenly Father has or- y)9) should evidence our gratitude by living up to dained that it will be so. Let your light so '!,

the light of truth and teaching it to others. shine that the purity of your lives will evi- /)9\

9) Mormonism, socalled, is the gospel of dence your faith in the gospel of our Lord. 9)

Jesus Christ; consequently, it is the power of Let us bear witness in our daily acts, as /'7!

God unto salvation to all those who believe well as in our conversation, that we believe and obey its teachings. But it is not those who this is the Father's work, and joy inexpressmerely say, "Lord, Lord,"who enjoy the ible will come to us, and the children that

companionship of his Spirit, but those who grow up in our homes will increase in faith do his will. And if we are not more perfect and humility. They will be added upon and

in our lives, if we are not more righteous be given power to turn aside the shafts of than those who have not received a knowlthe adversary that are directed towards edge of these truths, we shall be behind them, and in place of the distress that has them in receiving the blessings of our afflicted the children of men, because of

Heavenly Father. But if we obey his comsinfulness, there will be comfort, peace, and

mandments, if we keep ourselves clean and happiness; and a race of men and women will

unspotted from the sins of the world, his inhabit this earth who will have strength of power will rest upon us, and the virtues of character to put aside the evils of life.

each successive generation in the Church God grant that we may be worthy of our will be builded upon by following generabirthright, that we may be worthy of the tions. blessings that he places within our reach,

within say our day by day may we this admonition: seek ye that "But Remember

will, souls, "Father, thy and I will show me first righteousof the kingdom God, and his perform the labor."

ness; shall these things be and all added If this be our desire, if this is what we live

It this is to you."unto 6:33.) (Matthew

point that I would direct your attention. If for, then will our children be lifted up to higher ground upon which they may build, the Latterday Saints will keep the comand from generation to generation there will mandments of God, they will be happy; if

people they will keep themselves pure and unspotted develop a stronger race of people—a who can draw ever nearer to our Father in from the sins of the world, the gospel as

heaven. taught by the Church of Jesus Christ of to me, things appeal These my brethren Latterday Saints the earth will redeem by it is sisters; condition; a natural and I and

of the perfection reason of its manhood and am grateful for the hope that they inspire in womanhood. But those who are selfishly debosom. my

voting themselves to the things of this world,

I am grateful for the purity of the lives of and to the selfish seeking of high positions, the men and women who belong to the Church while ignoring or violating the natural laws of our Lord, and I am thankful that throughof God in their pursuit of pleasure, and sowout the world there are others who, seeing the ing the seeds of dissolution by allowing their (Concluded on following page)

APRIL 1951 tfflPage THE EDITOR'S PAGE >NJsN3v>31>v3\3s5N9\3s> (Concluded from preceding page) May the Lord bless you; may his peace be

effects of a sinful life, are striving in earnestness in your hearts; and may his light illumine your

to avoid its terrors, and who encourage others pathway, that day by day you may know the to do likewise. way he would have you go. May his Spirit

In the language of a great prophet of Israel, and blessings be upon all Israel, and may the

I would say to the Latterday Saints, "Get the prayers of the Latterday Saints and of all

Spirit of God in your hearts and keep it: It will good men everywhere ascend on high, that

guide us into all truth; it will be a panacea for the hearts of men may turn from the evils of this

all our ills; it will enable us to look forward to life, that they may desire to turn unto God and

the coming of the risen Redeemer, confident keep his commandments.

that he shall come again in the clouds of And may the lessons that we learn by reason heaven."of the havoc that is wrought by the elements

Possessing that Spirit, our ambition will not in commotion in this world be lessons that shall be a selfish one, but with charity in our hearts turn our hearts heavenward and that will make for all mankind, love for all our Father's chilus kinder and more charitable toward our feldren, we will mingle with them day by day, low men.

and the influence we radiate will be one of love God bless all Israel, and all men and women and kindness that will have its influence for everywhere who strive to do right and do good good upon every child of our Heavenly Father to their fellows, is my prayer in the name of with whom we come in contact. Jesus Christ. Amen.

y Q

60e WHAT IS A FAD? ftumOF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

good, bad, or indifferent. It is good if based

Evidences on truth, revealed or

AND discovered,practice of suchplowingas theto increase the fertility of Reconciliations the soil. It is bad if it

rests on unproved huCLIII man notions, such as unbelief in the existence of bacteria. It is indifferent

Iatterday Saints are cautioned not to become faddists. There are ample opportunities in the gospel to fill a person's time and Arn Arndu/er to the VjueiLu,e5uon5 oj

interests without the addition of fads. if it is only a form of

Nevertheless many proper pursuits are often passing fashion.

incorrectly called fads. When the word is used, Whether a woman

it should be in harmony with its true meaning. should wear her hair

In ordinary language a fad is a belief, practice, long or short is really of or fashion not founded in truth, ( therefore of no no consequence, except real value) which is followed publicly or prito the woman or to her family.

vately, often with exaggerated zeal. Within the The search for truth cannot (in latterday

Church, a member who overemphasizes or language) properly be called a fad, provided distorts one principle of the gospel to the exit begins with the word of the Lord. If Joseph

clusion of others, leading to a distortion of the Smith had not sought truth, he might not have principle, may properly be called a faddist. had the "First Vision."Latterday Saints are

Nearly all people have beliefs and practices seekers after increasing truth. That is why

that others may call fads. Latterday Saints they attend meetings, read the scriptures, and

are baptized by immersion. Unbelievers shrug seek to learn the views of reliable expositors of

their shoulders and may call it, incorrectly, a Church doctrine.

fad. Latterday Saints try to observe the All truth has not been revealed, probably

sacredness of the Sabbath day. The unbeliever never will be, but enough is available to form

speaks of the practice as a fad. The savage a basis on which to build the way into celestial

may look upon all Christian practices as fads. glory. Frequently the Lord has given the

Really, such practices rooted in the beliefs of greater truth but has left to man the discovery people are not fads. of the lesser, derivative truth.

A fad, socalled, often incorrectly, may be Sometimes these "discoveries"are but ap222 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA plications to human welfare of the fundamental dealing with the "evils and designs"of men, truth. has been amply verified over the century by

The Lord revealed to this people that they the moneymaking schemes of "conspiring men"should settle in the western valleys, but the who care more for money than for man's welpeople themselves under divine guidance had fare—such as the widely advertised foods and

to determine the course of travel, and to overdrinks not good for man.

come the multitude of difficulties on the way. The second part, dealing with the negative

Sacred history is replete with similar instances. aspects of the revelation—alcohol, tobacco, and

This is really one of the beauties of the hot drinks—has definitely been confirmed by

gospel. Men who search for truth and, when human experience, scientific and otherwise.

they find it, fit it into the gospel plan, and who The third part, dealing with the positive meditate upon God's plan, and make it active phases of the Word of Wisdom, has become for human betterment, progress toward Godan unexpected, important, triumphant evidence hood. If all were revealed, our every footstep of the correctness of the revelation, and theremeasured for us, we would be as manikins in by a confirmation of the divine mission of the

the heavenly procession. Prophet Joseph Smith.

Yet every seeker after truth must remember This third part is couched in the knowledge that there are metes and bounds beyond which of that day, when nearly all of the sciences of he may not go. The Lord has laid down certoday were not born, and therefore long before

tain commandments which forever must reguthe science of human nutrition came into being;

late the conduct of men. for example, the Word of Wisdom declares,

Faith is the first principle of the gospel. No "Wheat for man."In the Prophet's day, reamount of searching can change that divine fined foods were practically unknown. Grains

requirement. Man may discuss the nature of were milled whole, and sifted very little if at

faith, as the early Saints did under the Prophet all. Since modern milling came into existence,

Joseph Smith's direction, but cannot change its there has been constant debate about the relaposition in the plan of salvation. tive values of "white"and "wholewheat"

Repentance, the second principle in the gosbread. Scientists and searchers after health

pel, is beyond the searching of man. What have found that most of the valuable constiturepentance is, may legitimately be discussed, ents in wheat are removed in modern milling.

as was done by the early Church. Therefore, they who want to be well nourished

Baptism and the gift of the Holy Ghost, the prefer to eat wholewheat bread and cereals two first ordinances of the Church, are not subrather than to attempt to add from other ject to change at man's option. Their nature sources the missing substances.

and meaning only may be considered by gospel The followers of the above examples are students. not faddists. It is not a fad to search out more

These and other fixed principles, which stand fully the meaning of faith, repentance, baptism, as a protective wall around the Church, are and the gift of the Holy Ghost. It is not a fad

unchangeable, and not subject to speculation. to seek to determine the income or increase

Tithing, for example, is one of these laws. which must be tithed. It is not a fad under the

Yet under the complex conditions of today, an Lord's law of health to search out the real and relative values of the foods we eat. All these

Movttk persons are seekers after truth.

honest man finds himself at a loss to know on But the seeker after truth becomes unworthy which part of his receipts tithing should be of the title when he fails to recognize the findpaid. What is his true income? Then, serious ings of human experience in science and elsethinking on the subject begins for the clarificawhere and the fundamental revealed truths of

tion of the tithepayer's mind and conscience. the gospel. He becomes a faddist when he

However, usually in the nature of informaover-emphasizes, often to the point of distortion, are subjects that the searcher for truth tion, one practice of the divine gospel to the may safely enter. The return of the lost tribes exclusion of others.

of Israel has been foretold, as also the manner Latterday Saints should be constant seekers of their return. Where they are now, and after truth, but never faddists. New truth, rewhen they will return, has been a subject of vealed or discovered, should be put into pracconjecture and study of many competent gospel tice in daily life. Thus only may man follow

students. There can be no objection to that, the injunction, "And as all have not faith, seek

though clearly it does not matter much in man's ye diligently and teach one another words of progress towards salvation. wisdom; yea, seek ye out of the best books

Other gospel laws stated in general terms words of wisdom; seek learning, even by study

are not only susceptible to man's thinking but and also by faith,"1 and to attain the intelli- 2 are apparently so intended. The Word of gence which is the glory of God.

Wisdom is one of the best of such examples. Latterday Saints live in the present and

Searching for its truth has added a strong evifuture as in the past—that follows the doctrine

dence for the prophetic power of the Prophet of continuous revelation.

Joseph Smith.

The first part of the Word of Wisdom, 1D.-Ibid..& C.93:36.88:118.

APRIL 1951 223 Courage and High Resolve wem tkew

Jhe f\l5e and <J-)evelopment of the

oL. <JJ. ). Lhurck in r (ortkern LaufomL

By W. AIRD MACDONALD

The "Mormon Social Hall"Gridley, built in 1909, the oldest building owned by the Church in California.

N California's early berect effort in California; even the

ginnings, she gave friendly refuge missionary work begun by Parley to three separate movements of P. Pratt withered except for spoMormon colonists after their scatradic care by some traveling mistering and expulsion from Nauvoo. sionary on his way to the isles of the

And by strange coincidence, on the Pacific. On their way to their misvery day the Saints crossed the ice sion fields, these elders often sought

on the Mississippi River, the first work to add to their funds. It was

of these pioneering groups sailed such a situation that led George Q.

from New York harbor, February Cannon to publish the Western 4, 1846, bound for "upper CaliStandard in San Francisco in Febfornia,"on the 450ton sailing ship, ruary 1856. Two missionaries on

Brooklyn, This contingent of 238 their way to Australia spent a few souls led by Sam Brannan, after a months in Sacramento, found some grueling sixmonth voyage around work putting the first gold leaf on the Horn, sailed into San Francisco the dome of California's capitol

Bay, July 31, 1846, a year before building, and doing missionary

Brigham Young led the Pioneers service in the evenings. Thus the Other T. and Agnes Shirley, Gridisy,

into Salt Lake Valley. Second, gospel seed was planted and kept only surviving members of the original

six months later, the Mormon Batalive by the irregular care of these Gridley L. D. S. pioneer group of 1906.

talion came overland from Leavenearly elders "passing through."

worth via Santa Fe and the hot It was not until August 1892 that deserts of Arizona and New Mexactive missionary work was revived ico to reach San Diego, January 29, in California, with the arrival in elder. However, they continued to

1847. Third, a pioneer contingent Oakland of Elder John L. Dalton be part of the San Franciso Branch

sent out from Utah in March 1851, of Ogden. With true missionary until after the earthquake and fire

led to the founding of San Bernarzeal, he gathered the few converts of 1906. Then the Oakland Branch

dino. together, added others, and on was reorganized with Norman B.

Most of the first two groups October 2, 1892, the Oakland Phillips as president.

gradually drifted to Utah to help Branch was organized with six Thus were laid the foundations in building a modern Zion. Thus members: Joseph Nattress, presifor a spectacular growth that has

ended the early attempts by the dent. In 1897, for the convenience seen the Church membership in

Latterday Saints to pioneer the of the East Bay members, meetings California number into the tens of "Golden State."Then, for nearly were held in Oakland, and Norman thousands. Two temples are now

forty years the Church made no di- B. Phillips was appointed presiding being planned by the Church in

Early California Sunday School, San Francisco Branch, August 1914, Sunset Ward and Stake Center, San Francisco, 22nd & Lawton Streets. +

Watchwo Is*""H California; one at Los Angeles and

one in Oakland, overlooking the ctt&f * %#,<*&> very area where Elder Dalton held HouseWardin Oakland,and Stakefirst his first missionary meetings. modern L. D. S. edifice 1 r1 111!

Tn 1901 Joseph E. Robinson was erectedCalifornia. in Dedicatednorthern

appointed president, and it was in 1923.

he who reared the structure of the

California Mission that became the building is today still serving as a were effected, and the branches "nursing mother"to the little groups ward and stake house for the Oakmultiplied and grew. In 1925 at a

of Saints found in all parts of the land Stake. In 1920 the Oakland conference in Oakland, he prostate. For eighteen years, PresiBranch with 430 members included phetically declared: "The Lord's

dent Robinson was the builder and all the east side of San Francisco work is growing. I can see California

defender of the Church on the of Zion!"with stakes stretching dotted to Calistoga from Bay Two coast. 1906, In December a group

later, in 10, 1927, years on July Livermore. stakes Three of Zion in true pioIdaho, from Rexburg,

neer spirit, planted a colony in with ten imposing Church edifices that same building, he assisted

Gridley, north of Marysville. Three are now within these boundaries. Elders Rudger Clawson and George the of Albert Smith of the Council Sacramento Branch included later, years 1909, they erected a The

the first stake in organizing Twelve all the scattered social known members to this hall, known day as San "Mormon Social Hall,"the first from the Oregon line to Fresno. in northern California—the

Churchowned meetinghouse in Two organized stakes with eight stakeFranciscoin the Stake,Church.theThatninetyninthstake today has grown into four stakes and

part of a fifth!

At San Francisco's great exposition in 1915, the Tabernacle choir gave a series of concerts with Emma

Lucy Gates as featured soloist.

They captivated musicloving San

Francisco and were acclaimed by the press. At last something good

was printed about the Church.

There followed a series of stories in the press by Emma Lucy herself, and by her mother, Susa Young Gates; by Dr. James E. Talmage,

and finally by President Joseph F.

Smith. The story of the restored

gospel was being told, and the walls of prejudice began to crumble.

The course of Mormonism was ever westward. The overflow from

Zion began to flow down the Pacific slope. Young Latterday Saints in

all walks of life began to appear in oi. ctZJ.. >. Jrnititute

California's growing cities, and soon

it that in every town was said and California. modern Branches California, were Berkeley, hamlet, Saint could an alert young stirring in Sacramento, 1946. dedicated Oakland,

San Francisco, and San Jose. As be found, and sitting in an implace. portant the branches So small it chapels to appear, began buildings splendid have been new in strength, President grew and evident the Saints was beginwere in built this Saints the by same divide to began and McMurrin ning to plant their roots in deep area. organize putting branches, more

soil. fertile California's In the area Fresno modern of alert these and more more young

In 1922 the first pretentious chapels serve the Saints at Merced, business leaders into Church servChurch edifice was begun in OakVisalia, Avenal, and two in Fresno. ice. When the San Francisco Stake

land, costing $39,000.00, which 1950, President David was In November organized in 1927, Aird was W. dedicated President by these. Heber one of McKay dedicated J. O. its first presiMacdonald became

13, 1923 with 932 the presidency Grant, May During of Joseph like that first branch dent—and present at the ceremonies. This McMurrin, new organizations W. (Continued on following page)

APRIL 1951 225 COURAGE AND HIGH RESOLVE theTheresultcolonizationof salesmanshipat Gridleybywasa (Continued from preceding page) typical land agent who in glowing started by Elder Dalton, it included terms painted the glories of life in the membership on both sides of "sunny California"as contrasted the bay. Seven years later, in to the cold winters of Rexburg,

November 1934, two more stakes Idaho. Seven families arrived in

were organized from the mission by Gridley, November 22, 1906, and

Elder Melvin J. Ballard and Misthe colony started with the sturdy

sion President Alonzo A. Hinckley, spirit of pioneers. They had little

who had succeeded President Mcmoney, but all their work was done

Murrin, following his death in 1932. after "prayer and solemn consideraSacramento Stake with Mark W. tion."In February 1907, Gridley

Cram as president included twentyBranch was organized with George one hundred members in branches Cole, president. In 1934, there were

from Roseville to Tracy. The 1400 souls in Gridley and nearby

Gridley Stake, with young John towns, which led to the stake or-

C. Todd as president, included fif- W. AIRD MACDONALD ganization, with John C. Todd,

The Francisco young San teen hundred souls in six thriving newspresident. They served without paper reporter on whose shoulder branches to from north Marysville the late F. President laid Smith their until change release, Novemhis said: hand "I and want Valley. Grass Chico and Some to in stay California. The Lord 5, you ber 1950, when Harry E. Mchas a great to work here."do later, 9, weeks 1934, December Clure of Yuba was appointed Ward

President Grant Elder and Rudger president. ized into stakes of Zion. PresiAfter divided the Francisco Clawson San earliest record The of Church dent Blood's in death 1942, Presisetting Stake, a up Church new members around Sacramento begins dent K. Rufus of First the Hardy unit in the East the Bay, Oakland the with stragglers the of Mormon of Council the Seventy directed the Stake, stake 109th the of Church. Battalion as they their made way mission for several months. Then California Mission continued The to their families. back found They the mission divided, was from and to until and organizagrow expand with work Captain Sutter in the it Tulare north the became Northin tions effected were almost every winter of 184748; built the millrace ern California Mission, January state. of the corner zeal The and at Coloma diswhere gold was 1942, with E. Ellsworth German as of the energy missionaries concovered 24, 1848. January Later its first president. The work was tinued; of converts hundreds were set Brannan in store Sam a up the intensified, his with and boundless the andadded lukewarm from Zion Fort Sutter stockade. Others of energy, President Ellsworth It gaverevived. of the became one great ship the Brooklyn passengers, as great to impetus chapel building. ofmissions the Church. Stalwart they to fanned out find employThirteen beautiful edifices were its directedleaders destinies, inment, the were early among Morbuilt for the comfort delight andcluding Joseph of McMurrin W. in mons Sacramento. effort No was of mission branches. eight Afterthe First of Council the Seventy. to establish made the until Church years, he in released was 1949 June Alonzo A. Hinckley wasWhen after the of coming Garlick Aaron and succeeded by Thomas intocalled the Council of the W. his in family and 1856. and He still is Gardner, presiding, who and in 1934, NicholasTwelve Smith G. his wife been had in baptized Engunder leadership whose the mis- (later to of Assistants become one land, their in and home Sacramento sionary has been work redoubledto the his Twelve) with came dythe became refuge of the irregular great with success. to buildnamic energy faith among stream of missionaries from Utahthe Saints.

their to on the and from way South CITY YUBA CHAPEL, GRIDLEY WARD STAKE, him, Following Aird Mac- W. dedicated SO. 19 5, November Pacific. In 1871, a returninq misdonald grouped the mission branches sionary, Phillip Luber, organized

into districts or "junior stakes"with the first branch, with Aaron Garlocal leadership, he and when was lick as president; carefully it was

succeeded in 1941 by Henry H. nurtured by the presidents from

Blood, former of governor Utah, John L. Dalton to Alonzo A. Hinckthree of these districts organwere (Continued on page 300)

m

226 * THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Ljeneaion rW <-*j Research through Correspondence <'TJS2 - f\eportedep bt arqarel"9 C-. j-. {/ordon

ing her to write for me. She did

and received answers to all letters sent away. "This Paul E. Grosh proved to

veritable A gold mine be her sixth cousin, who plans to valuable information of through found was a publish his compilation. From him

sent to the few letters bleak shores of Nova I was able to carry definitely my

Scotia. descent from the emigrant, John

Valentine Grosh, who came from the German Palatinate and settled in Pennsylvania in 1743.

"Mother also wrote to the postmaster at Lilitz, Lancaster County,

Pennsylvania. Her letter was

handed to the Moravian minister, who kindly replied that the original in his ONEproductiveof the mostmethodsinterestingof seekingand ofaddressAmericanof a GeorgeGenealogy,Bushnell,I had whothe church,Moravianall writtenrecords in wereGerman. He

after our dead is through writwas the Bushnell family historian. sent me information which proved

ing letters, which often brings This George Bushnell proved to be my line straight back to the emiamazing results as well as being a the historian my aunt had congrant, John Valentine Grosh.

fascinating pursuit. tacted. From him, and from Aunt "Being so richly repaid for efforts

Following are some of the geneKatherine's letter to her Uncle made through correspondence, I alogical adventures of Shirley SkouSmith, I was able to connect with now turned my search to my patersen, wife of former President Basil the Bushnell and Munson families nal lines. My father's father cameSkousen, of the Blythe Branch, of New England—my own kindred, from Nova Scotia. Through corCalifornia Mission. She is a conproving relationship to ancestors respondence with a greataunt, I

vert of recent years, and the only whose lines cover many hundreds learned their father's name was Joe one of her family to join the Church, of years. Marshall; their mother's, Mary

She writes "These marvelous discoveries Jane Otterson. She told me many

"Soon the desire came to me to filled me with a desire to do more. interesting things of their life on a

seek after my ancestors, and at that I had other addresses which had Canadian farm.

time I knew nothing further than lain in my drawer for five years, "Not knowing where to turn for the names of my four grandparents. among them one of a Mrs. Fisher, further information, I wrote the

I was prompted to write to my Aunt who was listed as gathering Grosh town clerk of Brookfield, Colchester

Katherine, who has traveled much genealogy. My mother's father was County, Nova Scotia. It being too

and is very much interested in our small a place for such an official, relatives. In reply she sent me a with some amusement, the postlarge envelope containing copies of master opened my letter. He proved

letters she had written to various members of the family.

"One of the most important, to lineA wasfascinatingestablishedandwhichcompletewent me, was written to her Uncle Smith Marshall,back to thewhoemigrantsailed hisAnthonyown

Bushnell, dated June 20, 1893. She shipNova fromScotia,Bristol,andEngland,up theto

told him about his grandfather, Stewiacke River.

—ElectaJames Bushnell,Munson,also andhis wife'sgave namehim to be a distant cousin of mine. He

their full family. She also told me passed it on to the son of one of my

of meeting a man in Philadelphia grandfather's cousins, whose wife sometime previously who had a John Wesley Grosh. From this took pictures of my greatgrand-

friend who was compiling a Bushlady I received the address of a father, Joe Marshall, and of his son nell family history. This man sugPaul E. Grosh, who was compiling Benjamin, and sent them to me.

gested that since her mother was, a Grosh information. With these came a very interesting

Bushnell, his friend might like to "At this period a new baby came letter. She had contacted Captain

contact her for added information to our home, and fearing further W. W. Marshall, whose mother

she might have. delay might deprive me of valuable was Grandfather's sister. He is a

"The genealogist answered her clues, I sent Mr. Grosh's address prominent navigator—a great voyletter. Earlier, from the Handbook and some others to my mother, ask- {Continued on page 288)

APRIL 1951 227 Pioneer gristmill, San Bernardino. This mill was bu/f by

William Oliver for Elders Lyman and Rich in 1852.

Vigilance Was

Jke (L>xxppansion o oC. cd-J. J.

In 1851, Mormon Rich and Hunt visited Amasa Lycolonizers deemed man who was presiding over the it wise to construct a fort to protect Saints in that area.

their interests in It wasn't until February 1851 the settlement new they had begun in that the colonization of southern

June of the preCalifornia was actually underway.

ceding year. Parowan, Utah, was the gathering

place. At that point 437 persons,

time the the BatMormon it is said, representing, state every From left talion the the main body of two, except and, then in the Union

Saints and made their way to in addition, Canada, England,

California, the men and women Wales, Ireland, Australia, New traveled through country that Brunswick, Sweden, and France, eventually welcomed the Latterday gathered for the venture. These

Saints as colonizers. This is no people were prepared for their

less true of southern California than journey; they had 150 wagons, 588

it is of the other states over which oxen, 336 cows, 21 calves, 107 the battalion marched. horses, and 52 mules.

In the spring of 1847 Jefferson In charge of the company were

Hunt, on patrol duty among the Amasa M. Lyman and Charles C.

ranchos of San Bernardino Valley Rich, both members of the Council with a detachment of the Mormon of the Twelve. And with them went

Battalion, visioned the possible Jefferson Hunt, experienced in the colonization of this friendly area. ways of travel and wise in the pro-

A year later he returned to purchase cedure of the colonist. He it was

cattle for the Church—and again who could direct the Saints in their

passed through the inviting area. approach to governmental agencies

The cry of gold had reached recepwith which they would need to deal.

tive people who, knowing of JefUnder Captain Hunt and Capferson Hunt's travels, asked him in tain Seeley, the first two companies the fall of 1849 to guide them over entered San Bernardino Valley by the southern route from Salt Lake way of Cajon Pass, June 1851, and

Charles Coo/son Rich, an Apostle in the to California, since it was too late set up camp in Sycamore Grove, as

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, in the autumn for them to reach the it is now known. A company under

its fighter and a zealous for rights and gold fields around San Francisco Captain Lytle entered San Bernarprinciples, the honor goes of pioto whom neering the first Mormon settlement in via the northern route. dino through what came to be

Southern California. The Rancho of San In this same company, but for a known as Lytle Creek.

Bernardino spot was the selected where busy very different purpose, was Charles Money was a scarce item with soon colonists were developing and cultivating what today is one of the richest and C. Rich, who had been called on these colonists. It is reported that

finest sections of California, a mission to California. While the entire company of 437 had only

they were in San Francisco, Elders eight hundred dollars. Since their

228 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA in the captain Hunt, Mormon BatJefferson of nity went forward. Roads were built colonization visioned first the possible talion,

the Church, and area by San Bernardino the was and canals dug to convey water to transgovernmental for the legal and responsible actions resulting in formation of the city and the fields. Gristmills were set up,

county of San Bernardino. and two threshing machines were

of Salt Lake City and of Nauvoo. constructed by the settlers them-

A bowery, similar to that which selves. Finally the Council House,

was erected in Salt Lake City, was first public building in the valley, promptly erected to serve as a was erected.

temporary meeting place for worFor the colonists* protection a ship and for other community stockade, known as Fort San activities, as well as for the school Bernardino, was built to protect miliwhich accommodated the 125 chilthem from Indian attacks. A

dren of the colony. tary division was organized under

The work of settling and of Captain Hunt, and firearms were building a selfsupporting commuprovided by the United States garrison at Chino.

Jefferson Hunt, a member of the board of commissioners of Los Angeles County and also a delegate iaiv to the state legislature of California,Their motto-4*.* was responsible for the legal and

governmental transactions pursuant

Ltiurch In Joutkem Laiu orma to the incorporation of San Bernardino as a city and the formation of a county of San Bernardino from the eastern part of Los Angeles

County. The colony prospered, and

the Church thrived—in membership

as well as in devotion. The Church

in Salt Lake City gave generous encouragement and support to this colony in southern California.

But events in the territory of

Utah caused a change in the colony.

An army under Albert Sidney Johnston had been sent out by the

United States to take control of the area. President Brigham Young

requested all ablebodied men in all the colonies of the Church to return to Salt Lake Valley. Since

no one would willingly fail this call, nearly all of the San Bernar- (Continued on following page) REGIONAL WELFARE HEADQUARTERS, SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA

credit was good, however, they soon negotiated the purchase of the Lugo

Rancho for the sum of $77,500.00—

with a down payment of $20,000.00,

advanced by a bank in San Francisco. On February 27, 1852, a

year after they had left Utah, the deed conveyed title to the little colony for 35,509 acres in San

Bernardino Valley.

Immediately a townsite was laid out and 1300 acres of land planted to wheat. Interestingly enough,

the harvested grain brought the

Saints $4.00 a bushel at the mill in

Puente. When ground into flour

and sold in Los Angeles, it brought BRENTWOOD $32.00 a barrel. WARDINGLEWOODCHAPEL,

The townsite followed the pattern STAKE

APRIL 1951 229 VIGILANCE WAS THEIR MOTTO (Continued from preceding page) dino colony returned, and approxipresident to undertake missionary mately sixty percent of the Saints work in southern California, openof the San Francisco Bay area also ing mission branches in San Diego returned at President Brigham and Los Angeles. Soon the Los

Young's request. This ended the Angeles Branch became among the

colonization efforts of the Church largest in California and was ofin California for a period of thirtyficially organized March 21, 1895.

two years. The branch was cradled in the

Although the Church sponsored home of Eliza Woollacott, who had no official colonization in California come with her family from Salt Lake from 1858 to 1890, there was frein 1884. The branch consisted of SAN FERNANDO STAKE HOUSE

quent contact with the Latterday fewer than twenty members, Hans

Saints who remained in California. Christian Jacobsen was

Jefferson Hunt contracted the mail the first branch president, from Salt Lake to Los Angeles. The followed by George L.

Pony Express, passing through Salt Matthews, Hyrum G.

Lake, continued to Sacramento and Smith, and William J.

thus preserved constant communicaReeve, who was president tion with California. During these at the time the branch was

years many families and single perorganized into Los Angesons went to California as farmers les stake.

or as gold seekers. Missionaries, deDuring the activities of

parting for the Pacific Islands misPresidents Tanner, Nye, sions, established contact with the and Robinson, branches

Latterday Saint families who still of the California Mission resided in the San Francisco Bay were also organized in mm region. Long Beach and Ocean INGLEWOOD STAKE HOUSE

Since these infrequent and unscheduled contacts were insufficient to keep 1898, at the home of Amelia Jewell.

the Church fully orCharles S, Hoag was appointed ganized and alive in liP* president. Long Beach Branch, with

California, the General George M. Tonks as president, was

Authorities again sent organized November 23, 1919. On

official missionaries there May 16, 1920 Ocean Park Branch in 1890. The earliest was officially organized with Otto

recorded missionary was J, Monson as president.

J. W. Pickett, who arIK*"The year 1918 saw a vast

rived in San Francisco in w—postwar migration toward Cali1890. He was followed SAN DIEGO STAKE HOUSE fornia. From Utah alone it is reby John Luther Dalton, ported that 50,000 persons went to

who later became the first president Park. Thriving branches of the that state. The great growth of

of the California Mission, Karl G. Church were supported in these population added to the mission

Maeser, and Henry S. Tanner. two communities. Branches soon branches established, and on JanuPresident Tanner was the first were established in San Bernardino ary 21, 1923, the Los Angeles Stake

as well as in sevwas organized, opening a new era eral additional for Church activities in southern sections of Los California.

Angeles. There were only three Churchmm

The San Diowned meeting places in the Los ego Branch was Angeles area when the Los Angeles formally organStake was organized, January 21, ized June 2, 1923 with George W. McCune as

president. Immediately the stake

promoted the building of four other ward chapels, which were comWILSHIRE WARD, pleted under the administration of

LOS ANGELES George W. McCune, Leo J. Muir,

m m & George F. Harding, counselors, and

William G. Brown as, ward clerk.

In May 1927 the Los Angeles Stake was divided since there were al-

(Continued on page 288) 230 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA General view of camp at barbecue time.

Charles Ora Card, met Chief Red

Crow of the Bloods. At that historic

council misunderstandings were removed; goodwill was voiced; arid a

pledge of peace was made that has never been broken. The new town

of Cardston was built, and Latterday Saints and the Blackfeet became good neighbors and friends.

The Indians have waited long for the gospel. Now the time is

ripe; barriers have been lifted; and

the new missionary program is beginning to bear fruit as Chief White

Bull declared, standing in the midst

FELLOWSHIP UNDER THE STARS

5u C-. jryank S>Leele

EDITOR'S NOTE—Photograph by Carl ]. Larsen of seven hundred or more of his

The coming of spring and the beginning Mormon friends, old and young, of another "outing"season in the northern and with Chief John Cotton and plans for fathers'States bringUnited and Chief Jack Hindbull at his side.

throughout the Church.sons'encampments

In some stakes these outings have become White Bull spoke for his tribe traditional for the good they do in bringand accepted on behalf of it a copy together.ing fathers sons closer and

account Here is an of one of the many of the Book of'Mormon. Far to

held in the summer of 1950. the east on the Blood reserve sig-

{Continued on page 290)

66"1ATe are grateful to you for

WW your invitation to be present at this great camp. We

thank you for your friendship. We

like your people, and we are good

A. Buchanan Senator Flag with ceremony W.

participating. A. Kirkham Oscar Presidentneighbors. We like the Book of and

Mormon. I have read it, but I do

not understand it. Send us more

of your missionaries to teach us, for heart of the "Land of the Shining we like them on our reserve. Our Waters"where under the inspiring

children are... learning much. This leadership of President Oscar A.

is good."Kirkham was welded a new "FelThese were the words of Chief lowship Under the Stars."Other

Jim White Bull of the Blood Indian fatherssons camps have been held tribe, southwestern Alberta, as he in the Canadian stakes before, but copyIndianof Bookchiefsof atMormon.camp. Chief White Bull holds

addressed the Canadian tristake this one made history. Reflecting

fathers and sons outing which clithe missionary work inaugurated maxed the summer program in these by the Church among the Lamannorthern areas of the Church. His ites, this 1950 council pointed the

words touched every heart. He spoke way to a new day for the Canadian

with solemnity, dignity, and conIndian people, a day when they viction befitting his high office as a will enjoy freedom, opportunity, chief in the most powerful tribe in and encouragement for becoming the great Blackfeet nation. At his more selfreliant and responsible.

feet a council fire of peace and There were many pioneers of the friendship blazed, east and west the Church settlement in Canada there green Pass Creek Valley lay in that night who recalled the great darkness. High above his head council in 1887 on Lee's Creek

rose the Rockies. when the founding leader of the

Here was Camp Kootenai in the original group from Utah, President Flag raising ceremony at camp.

APRIL 1951 231 in Washington, D. C. The answer

he drew had given him little hope, and no encouragement. Mexico,

while not unmindful of his generosity, was not anxious to set precedence whereby every filibusterer who had any part in the revolution would fall in line for gratuity.

But Samuel Brannan had been too desperate to accept any discouragement as final. Borrowing

enough cash to get him to Mexico

City, he'd made direct plea with

Out of the mists of the Pacific, a ship under the direction of a leader with a high and lofty President Diaz.

purpose: the colonization of California by Latterday Saints—

Sam Brannan

the Bu PaJ 8caile9 and

Halfway up the narrow finger of water which is the Gulf of California lies the Mexican town of Guaymas. In spite of the

flow of American tourists down the highway from Tucson, it sleeps in the timeless indolence of the typical

Mexican seacoast village. In the more to a promotional vision. He

year 1883 its cluster of mud huts had done much for Mexico in the was, as now, wrapped gently days of his wealth. He'd chamaround by greenfringed hills, with pioned her people against the Brannan luck and California gold

a blue and whispering ocean at its Napoleonic interloper, Maximilian. madeson uponSam whomBrannanfatetheseemedone perto

feet. But in that year it was deliverBrannan money had flowed out of bestowadversity herstruck,sunniestharshly,smiles.relentYet

ing none of its peace or serenity to San Francisco to arm and equip the lessly,reader andsees inandthissensesnarrativethe utterthe the frustrationmaddened soul of Mexican people's army under camebleaknessthe dailyand companionsdespair whichof SambeSamuel Brannan or little comfort Juarez. Brannan gold, coupled with Brannan, the onetime multimilto his aged and painwracked body. Brannan's persuasive eloquence, agedimmedlionaire, as eyes,he viewed,the ruinsthroughand

In one of its flearidden mud huts had raised a military contingent of grandioserubble ofdreams.his once vast and

Sam lay near death, his fierce eyes American volunteers which had mocked by the last relics of a served with distinction in the revocrumbled fortune, his soul tormented lution ending Europe's last hope of by a thousand memories. ruling Mexico. A fiery patriot,

The pain of his arthritic joints colonizer, and man of vision, with was as nothing compared to the money to match the dreams—that

ache of devastation which this last had been Samuel Brannan of the ironic failure and exile had dealt old days. The lonely, sick old man

him. Dreams of empire were slow of Guaymas was the physical shell

to crumble; for Samuel Brannan's which housed these memories.

dreams, along with his accomplishThrough the turbulent years of \Jfc'ments, had been measured to fabuhis industrial and colonial expanlous pattern. Even in these, his sion of California, Samuel had I n Mexico City there had been desupposedly last hours, fifty thouignored and all but forgotten the lays and rebuffs enough to dissand leagues of Sonora land were debt owed him by Mexico. Not hearten any lessanxious soul, but

named to him. Yet he must face until misfortune and personal Sam wore away at opposition until

the end amidst squalid poverty. troubles had wiped away his forsuccess eventually rewarded his

hopes—theAt first kindtherethathadbeatbeensubstancegreat posedlytune did worthlesshe think bondson thosetakensupin tenacity.the MexicanPresidentcongressDiaz persuadedto grantback into dreams—hopes which had exchange for the Juarez loan. At Brannan nearly two million acres

picked him out of his San Francisco best a wild and forlorn chance, he of Sonora land in exchange for the despondency and set his feet once had contacted the Mexican minister Juarez bonds, and in appreciation 232 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA of his timely aid to the nation in steamer, miasmic with the soft lush know Sam Brannan or they never its distress. With this hope realized, smell of decaying banana residue. would have laughed. Their putresSamuel Brannan had been off on To him it had seemed as a generacent boat was of about the size of

another desperate scheme—this tion moved backward from the the old Brooklyn—the old Brooktime colonization in Mexico. luxury steamers which not too long lyn, which had sailed around the

Through the American press, and out of recollection had carried himHorn from New York and entered especially the San Francisco press, self and family to and from Europe San Francisco Bay with the first which was sensitive even yet to his and its many spendthrift's deband of colonizers under the immense dreams, he had let it be lights—backward even from the United States flag—the old Brookknown that Samuel Brannan was sidewheeling Northerner which in lyn, whose hull had been filled with

on his way back. On borrowed 1 853 had returned him with the Latterday Saint pilgrims, anxious

money he sailed for New York and best of its elegance to San Francisco, to build the kingdom of God on there organized the "Sonora City after an eastern jaunt by way of earth in the peace and isolation of and Improvement Company."Panama to New York. For in those a new world. Those impudent scofThe old fight returned to the days the Pacific Mail had been fers should have seen him then. In

aging Sam now he had something proud to list the name of Samuel those days he had been leading elder. Doctrine or policy—it had worthy to fight for—big enough to match his dreams. With the oldmattered not—two hundred hands

time flare for publicity, he won in would have raised unanimously to sustain every word he spoke. They

wouldn't know that "old gray hairs"once had owned half of San

Francisco and Sacramento—built

Calistoga—owned immense tractsSAD YEARS for colonists in southern California

and Hawaii. They couldn't have

known the role he'd played in planting the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints and its people in western America; that he had

traveled horseback across the Sierras to Salt Lake and the Green

River to search out Brigham Young and the vanguard; the hand he had

in that Church's early beginnings, nor the historical role he had assumed in California's gold rush.

In the "sad years"of Sam Brannan's old age, Colonizer? They couldn't know.

impudent scoffers could not have known that "old gray hairs"had once been the colorful leader of

Saints the Latterday on "Brooklyn"the good ship colonizers to Camuel had hoped and halfex- the first which brought AngloSaxon

California. of shores the

less could they have known that they gazed pected history to repeat itself in Much upon a man who, through desertion to the cause his behalf. He'd had faith that the

glittering millions that him, gained brought and pilgrims and the colonists would gold of equally adulation deceitful the moneymad seekers. Sam Brannan could truly rue the day when he come to Sonora—ten thousand of

"sowed the wind and reaped the whirlwind."them; for outside the bleak Canadian and Alaskan wilderness no

Brannan, Esq., as passenger. To (Continued on following page)

the captain, deck hands, and nondeIn San Diego's Mount Hope cemetery script travelers on the greasy tub thisrestinghumbleplace ofmarkerSam Brannan.identifies the last

which bore him southward to favorable acAmerican newspapers had of Brannan Guaymas, the name counts of his past accomplishments as as devoid of importance been a fe..'MSrjjMf-v: v iiiffi p$$& j$&'

future hopes, and through and them steerage passenger Northon the!!!!& - set forth his plans glowingly. had spat had sneered and erner. They

The land of his immense grant as he'd talked of Sonora and the was truly all he had claimed it to great things toward which the light be. Its average altitude was four burned so fiercely. "Lots of gray illiliiilllllllllll*

thousand feet; it was rich in minerhair,"one had laughed, "a good

als, and so fertile and mild in cliYaqui scalp."

mate that two crops a year could be brought into production. "Sonora HTrue, his Sonoran entrance had

City"was to be laid out immedibeen minus the flags and the ately, and survey of the entire grant bands. He still had to survey his land

to commence at once. to get patent. A banana boat was

The boat taking him south to hardly the conveyance for an emGuaymas was a stinking little fruit pire builder. But those fools didn't,,pm

APRIL 1951 233.

SAM BRANNAN.. claimed.doom, cameThen,word likethatanhisedicttrustedof

(Continued from preceding page) New York colleagues had abother such rich and undeveloped sconded with the cash. The desperland existed in all North America. ate old Sam had been left stranded

In his possession was a new frontier in Guaymas, bereft of outside help for American farmers, tradesmen, and robbed of his last great dream.

and mill hands—with only the proAmericans had shown no interest

vision that it be surveyed and in the circulars he'd mailed throughplatted, within two years. He had out the States. Not a single Ameribeen allowed five years in which can had yet been persuaded to

to construct a railroad. Confident, purchase land and colonize. Sonora

he'd promised the railroad in five City had remained a roll of bluemonths. prints in the corner of Sam's fleaFrom New York he'd brought ridden abode. Friends had bewith him the drafted plans for trayed him; family had deserted

Sonora City. This "Sacramento

of Mexico"was to be far up and by In Samthe Brannanmidseventies,in promotingvast sumsthewereprettyexpendedlittle protectively astride the Yaqui River. "goldentown of touch"Calistogaseemedas toa havefashionableleft him,resort.however,His

From Sonora City to Tucson, Arifor he finally had to concede his investment lost zona, would be less than four hundred miles, and a clean highway and stages were to have been proBURIAL RECEIPT vided to carry eager Americans Escondido,Samuel BrannanCalifornia;diedMayin

and for1889—pennilesssouth. Brannan's railroad was to gotten.6, was His body

have joined the Santa Fe in hauledburial, butto sinceSan Diegothere wasfor the Santa Cruz Valley. It was neithermoney, claimantit lay innortheburialreto have been California over ceiving vault unclaimed for

Alexmonths—until better climate, Jr., finally with sixteenander Badlam,again—with

the arrearages, paid and rainfall, minmore with undreamed allowed a proper and Sam eral wealth, and with Samuel Hopedecent Cemetery.burial at Mount

Brannan so firmly astride his receipt—Photostat'courtesy ofCaliforniaburial

charger that no man or set of men State Library.

would ever again unseat him.

But Samuel hadn't given much thoughtIndians—untilto thehisproblemarrival ofat GuayYaqui effort.the rumors,He'd rentedendeavoredan officeto ignoreand

mas. Here he had discovered unaliving quarters, and had gone to

nimity of opinion that no white work.

man with any sense would dare The magnitude of his task had him; arthritis left him sleepless with

risk life and scalp on the rivers and soon made itself apparent. His first its misery. The aged cripple had

in the jungles of Sonora. No man application before the Mexican sunk deeper and deeper into despair

in his position, however, could afcourts for permit to survey was and poverty.

ford to allow negative advice to curtly denied. While he'd waited for Letters he wrote out of Guaymas

deter him. Stock in the great both cash and legal right to prowere to become pathetic reminders

scheme was being issued and sold ceed, Samuel had made horseback of his humility and degradation.

out of the New York office. Soon circuit of his domain. It had been Though his mud hut was stacked

a flow of American dollars would hard to believe the indolent Yaquis high with American handbills adcome to Guaymas. The immediate were capable of the atrocity stories vertising the land, unsold stock

job would be to recruit and equip which went the rounds. When the certificates, and the collected rubble

the surveying parties. right to survey was eventually of a lonely old man, Sam finally had

One of the first rumors Samuel tendered him, he'd found few been forced to the necessity of sellheard was that the Diaz regime surveyors willing to enlist to the ing lead pencils for the barest neceswas planning a sale to the Latterhazardous undertaking. Not enough sities of life.

day Saints of a fat and fertile slice surveyors answered his appeals in Latterday Saint missionaries visof Chihuahua and an eastern chunk Mexico City, Tucson, San Diego, iting Guaymas on behalf of theof Sonora—abutting the very grant and San Francisco to equip one gospel had sought out their once

which Sam had been so hopeful of party, let alone the dozens necesleading elder. Sam's pride and the

colonizing'. This was hardly the sary for the undertaking. bitterness of his soul had struggled

type Afvnewjs Samuel had been Too, there had been the matter warily against their softly spoken anxioustto hear, for, even though of money to underwrite the venture. exhortations. He'd fought back

he long ago had ceased to claim Thousands of shares of company the remembrance when he, too, had activity with the "Church or its stock had been peddled in the "forsaken all"and traveled "withpeople, time had not dimmed his States, but letters to the New York out purse or scrip"for the Cause;

respect for its strength in organized office had strangely returned un- (Continued on page 282) 234 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SCOUTING and THE 11YEAR-OLD BOY in tke a2).S.

By FORACE GREEN MEMBER, Y.M.M.I.A. GENERAL BOARD troopThe andfirst completelytroop of 11year-olduniformed inBoytheScoutsPalmyrafo beDistrictformedof intothe a UtahseparateNational Parks Council, is in the Spanish Fork Fourth Ward with Jay Zabriskie

and Delbert Kramer as scoutmasters. They are left to right—front row—Scoutmaster Zabriskie, Keith Barber, Kenneth

Kramer. Swenson, enthusiastic most am (61 Hancock, Dennis Carson, Duane Knotts, Terry about night; third to the sepa- a have was Olsen, ZabrisSecond Tommy Scoutmasterrow—Reed L.D.S. elevenyear-old Clarence Larsen, Knotts, kie, Roger Fred rate for the boys. program young

Swenson. Ronald Hawkins, Scow, Wayne Scout I Boythe program. are picture was the taken Several was held meetings when Absent were by We

trying to get the elevenyear-olds to Y.M.M.I.A. executives and board Ray Christmas.

go into the regular troop program members with general Primary offito permitted go to Mutual wereand meet on night Tuesday as soon cers advisers and from the Council of the arise a problem there wouldas they turn twelve but are not the havof Twelve. advantages The and

ing much success. They want to disadvantages of the three plans girls of the same age.

troop is simple. Another plan Thestay their with group. then submitted were the general by held the to one in addition meeting only "The way we have found superintendency of the Y.M.M.I.A. a held is to on night be Mutual onto get to them advance into the to the First Presidency.

regular troop is to promise them the It was the decision of the First weekday at a time that does not opportunity to come also to the Presidency, sent to the general interfere with the Primary meeting.

Saturday meeting of the elevenyear- superintendency in writing, that The time is to be decided jointly olds. Eventually, we hope to have scouting for elevenyear-olds should by the M.I.A. superintendency and

the approval with the scoutmaster activities for all the troop on Satur- a be daytime activity sponsored by is leader adult the of bishop. Anday."These are of the words the Y.M.M.I.A.

is either to be provided. to be HeRichard D. Wright, scoutmaster of decision the right That was the asregistered or a scoutmaster the in 22Troop the Forest Dale one never questioned was Ward by those elevenAll scoutmaster, sistantof the Granite Stake. tell They with charged the responsibility of

the story in brief of how the new putting it into operation. That it yearolds participate in this meetprogram should be working in most is right is now being demonstrated ing. It is strongly recommended

to this expanded meeting be thatwards stakes and throughout the Scoutmaster by Wright, whose all troop. in the Scouts includeChurch. are above, words quoted and many

his eleventh reaches a boy When the National When Council, other Boy good M.I.A. workers who his Tendertake birthday, he canScouts of America, officially lowthe have in plan put to their work

ered the age that boys could betroops. foot test and register. From then

on he can advance rapidly in the program, wear the uniform, and do "It is my desire to see scouting extended to the other things an older Scout can every boy in the Church."President George do except attend regular evening

Albert Smith. meetings. He can attend courts of

honor at which he has awards coming, Scout Week banquets for come Scouts from twelve to eleven, There are many factors entering parents, and similar special events.

in line with other nations, it posed a into the decision. In addition to A Scout can reach the rank of

problem for the Church. The age at the advantages of the plan, there Life Scout before his twelfth birthwhich boys are ordained deacons are major disadvantages in having day if he is so inclined and still be

has been set at twelve. They bethe young boys meet with the reguwithin the full spirit of the new

came members of the Mutual at lar Mutual. There has been a program. He need actually spend

twelve; and the M.I. A. was sponsornationwide trend for many years only one night in camp to earn

ing the scouting program. for boys and girls of younger ages his firstclass badge, and this can

There are three practical ways of to stay out later and later at night. be done with his father or his scoutsolving the problem. One was to This trend is having many harmful master or someone else his parents

have scouting put into the last year effects both on the youth and on the have confidence in. Secondand

of the Primary program; one to nation. The Church should do firstclass requirements can be met

have elevenyear-old boys meet with everything it can to counteract it. in a few weeks or months. It takes

the regular Scout troop on Tuesday And if the elevenyear-old boys (Concluded on page 254)

APRIL 1951 235 "N these days when terms we must rethink our way of getting that history knows. Every great

such as atom bomb, hydroit. We must not keep the often thing that ever has been done on

I gen bomb, snorkel submaprevalent impression that hope is earth was once a hope. As another

rines, buzz bombs, guided missiles, dependent on hopeful circumwriter has said, "Things of the super bombers, reported increases in stances, that our hopefulness is a future are the property of hope."

HOPE FOR THE FUTURE

5li.Marris wan, \Jrden

In an article pubcrime, and the apparent lished in the Evening general breakdown in and Morning Star in many cases of moral August 1832, Joseph values in certain regions Smith gives us the route of the world are comby which we can find monplace, the old Amerour answer to the quesican tradition of tion broached earlier:

unbounded hopefulness Where can we find and optimism in the fuguidance if we are in ture appears to be fallneed of hope? He says

ing in ruins! Many in this article,

fearful people are acSearch the Scriptures cepting the cradleto- search the revelations which thegrave security idea we publish and ask your as the ultimate goal. Heavenly Father, in the

Every day we read name of his Son Jesus Christ, to manifest the truth unto in the news of the conyou, and if you do it with tinuing conflicts bean eye single to his glory, tween the different nothing doubting, he will segments of our society, answer you by the power between our society of the Holy Spirit. (D. H. C.

(that of the western 1:282.)

nations ) as such, and Turning to Bible the sovietized societies scripture, we find a spreading over the strange verse in the fifth earth, and between rechapter of the Apostle volting Asiatics and Paul's letter to the Rotheir European rulers. mans:

As these, in many inAnd not only so, but stances, seemingly unSaints,"which Ye song "Come, The also: Come tribulations glory in Brigham Young requested William we

of hoperulness. impression living is a write, to Clayton tribulation that solvable problems sweep knowing

into our consciousness, worketh patience;

when on every hand we see our mere thermometer such that only And patience, experience; and experioptimism proved illusion and the when things are pleasant we are ence, hope. (Romans 5:3-4.)

oasis of a dreamed of peaceful and hopeful, such that when things look This passage, it appears to me, is pleasant postwar world, with no bad we lose heart. More aptly stated more clearly by Weymouth's

cold war, only mirages, who can stated by Samuel Johnson, "The revised version of the Bible:

escape the problem of wanting hope natural flights of the human mind for the future? are not from pleasure to pleasure, Affliction produces endurance; endurance,

The question then naturally but from hoPe to hoPe -"ripenesshope. of character; ripeness of character,

must also discard another arises as to where we can, if we We is certainly a way of reaching are in need of hope, find guidance? prevalent idea that hope is a mere This

matter of idealism, lovely and comhopefulness very different from

Where can we find the answer that forting; a realm of alluring dreams easygoing optimism. Paul begins

will appear logical and give us, in to which one turns from the realiswith trouble; from that he learns

addition, the "Rod of Iron"to tic facts. Hope, far from being an endurance; out of that he builds

grasp in our moments of despair? easy retreat from facts, is the most character; from that he wins hope.

If today we are to have hope, tremendous transformer of facts (Continued on page 278) 236 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA / met a Veteran

d5u s4. IK. -Jippetfa

Great lessons often come from er as he directed the way. As soon the point: "I had planned to marry

the most ordinary and simple as he was free to relax and sit when I entered the war, but you experiences. Recently, while back in his seat, we noted the lack see it would have been foolish in

visiting the northwest in the vicinof muscular control of his hands my condition since."And then,

ity of Tacoma, I met a veteran of and forearms. He shuffled them after a pause, he added, "But it is

World War I. With my two young in and out of his lap, attempting to all okay. I served my country

grandsons, ages seven and five conceal his deformity. The boys and am quite content. The U. S. A.

years, I had been sightseeing the studied his palsy with wide eyes has been good to me."

city park area of Point Defiance. and evident concern by looking first After more turns, more red lights,

We had been out most of the day at his hands as they shuttled back and more and deeper fog, he asked and enjoyed it immensely, though and forth, and then up to me. The that I pull to the curb, stating, "I

the air was dense with fog and the stranger noted their concern, but get out here. I belong to the club,

many side driveways were almost said nothing. the Servicemen's Club here in this

closed by the heavy, moistureFinally, with intended deliberabrick building, and J am going to laden limbs of overhanging pines tion, he said, "I am a veteran of spend the evening here."

and spruce. World War I. I belonged to the I was loath to have him leave

As we turned homeward in the signal corps and saw a lot of (Concluded on page 280) late afternoon, I sought a shorter, fighting."He mentioned

more direct route to the city. The Vimy Ridge, Chateaumap showed several winding and Thierry, the Argonne.

somewhat tortuous routes, but I His statement immediately chose one, and in the lowering overawakened a clear memory cast, drove ahead. I soon became of those days more than

confused in my directions and bethirty years before, when gan looking for street signs to guide the headlines screamed the us. The farther I drove, the more actions taking place, and

confused I became. everyone knew what those

campaigns meant in the Finally I saw a rather wellnews of that war. For the

dressed man standing at the curb of first five years after the a busy intersection; I pulled aside to peace he was confined to

ask for directions. The stranger was a hospital bed with little

pleasant, and, seeming to underhope of recovery. In spite

stand our predicament, responded of his affliction, he grew quickly, stating that he was waiting stronger and finally, as he for a bus to take him in but would stated, became well.

ride with us as the route of travel "I have my vision, my would be difficult to outline. We hearing, and as you see, I

gladly accepted his offer. I incan get around. The govstructed the boys to crowd over ernment has been good to

close to me to make room for the me. It has met all my exgentleman. This they did quickly, penses and continues to

one of them stating, "Now we won't pay my disability benebe lost any more, will we?"fits."

1 sprung the door with my free I ventured a question as right hand. He pulled it open, and to his family—was he a

then as he reached his left hand in married man? To this he

for aid, he tried to steady himself answered briefly and to with his right by grasping the cowl of the car. I readily saw that he

was an invalid by his fumbling at the car and the feel of muscular A rather welldressed man responded instability of his grasping hand in to my question.

mine. However, he seated himself

quite readily. He made a few remarks about the damp foggy weathAPRIL 1951 237

.

HISTORY OF THE LOS

Mision de San Fernando, containwet weather and shrank in dry, it ing 121,619.24 acres. 1 * all came out even in the end, was e. 3.euendon The 24.23 acres that comprise the the attitude of the siestaloving & fu

temple site became a part of one of Californians. No one cared about

you were to walk into the these land grants, when in 1843 the a few acres, more or less. At one

IF clerk's office of the city of Los Mexican governor, Manuel Micheltime, land was considered of so Angeles and examine District torena, granted to Maximo Alanis, little value it wasn't even taxed—the

Map Book 51, page 11, you would Rancho San Jose de Buenos Ayres cattle that grazed on it were taxed find a plat of the property upon (Saint Joseph of Good Air), no instead.

which the Los Angeles Temple will doubt so named because of the Perishable boundaries and monube built. If an uninterested observer fresh sea breeze wafted in from the ments were used, such as trees, piles

looked at this plat or drove out Pacific Ocean a few miles distant of stones, streams, and even a

Santa Monica Boulevard and saw to the west. prickly pear patch, in at least

the land itself, he would consider it The names given some of the one case. In time the trees

merely another parcel of land of grants or tanchos are quite picturwere chopped down, and streams which there are thousands in the esque: 2 Rancho Rodeo de las Aguas changed course, all of which caused

city. However, if a person delves (gathering of the waters), Rancho confusion as to the location of propinto the official records and learns Aguaje de la C&ntinela (watering erty lines, and considerable litigasomething of the history of the land place of the sentinel ), Rancho Boca tion was the ultimate result.

and its former owners, he would de la Playa (mouth of the beach), soon discover that its past is as Rancho La Cienega o'Paso de la colorful, fascinating, and romantic Tijera (meadow or pass of the as a Sabatini novel. A brief resume scissors )

of economic and social conditions Even the method of establishing and customs is very helpful in apthe boundaries of the tanchos was preciating the devolution of the title original. The persons making the

to the temple site from the beginning survey would ride out with a veata down to the date of its acquisition (rope) fifty vavas in length. A

by the L. D. S. Church. vara is thirtythree inches in length.

Under the Spanish and Mexican Everything was done on horseback regime, from 1784 to the American in those days, and measuring land conquest, in the area which comwas no exception. If the weather

prises Los Angeles County, sixty was damp, the veata would stretch grants of land were made. These a few feet, but that made little

ranged in size from 44.36 acres difference, as land was cheap in

granted to the Mission of San Juan 1843. So, if the rope stretched in

Capistrano to the Rancho Ex *Numbers refer to footnotes at end of article.

In 1843, "Rancho San Jose de Buenos Ayres"came into existence as a land grant with such picturesque boundary markings as "Live Oaks,""Cluster of Prickly Pears,"and "Assorted Rocks."

—Edward O. Anderson, Architect.

-v -x. '////'Los Angeles Temple site plot plan.

Wo The pueblo La Nuestra Sefiora La -STAKES'''//// Reina de Los Angeles was the highsounding name of the town about // which the life of the ranchos centered. The governing body of Los

Angeles had jurisdiction over the in civil %%"<>M inhabitants of the ranchos f&SSy-: and criminal matters. This was because under the governmental system of Spain and Mexico there was

no county form of government such as we have today. 3

The name of the town was shortof for sake ened to Los Angeles ClUSTF/Z OF5* official convenience. One Mexican

PR/c/riy PARS was in the habit of captioning his oLo4 Mna&les demote Jtte Angeles temple site—i-kaln15421950of -Jitie—

;:.::->.:::::;.:,;::..:::::.::- o:::-:

I Compiled from Official Records

By Noel C. Stevenson '.:.:yl; ': -;:;': ''HBHll:':

Charles I, King of Spain, and his successors in interest, by right of discovery and settlement 1542

": 'i::.."". Empire of Mexico (succeeded

by Republic of Mexico) 1821 Maximo Alanis, by grant from Governor Manuel Micheltorena 1843

Heirs of Maximo Alanis 1851 Dr. Wilson W. Jones and

William T. B. Sanford 1851

. \'":::.::.::; fe*<r*", /*>$"Don Benito Wilson 1858

Cyrus Sanford (acquired onehalf interest from Wilson).... 1859

Samuel K. Holman (Holman's

title confirmed by U.S.A. in

1876.). 1861

John Wolfskill 1884 err..i#i*W ', ''1 * t Los Angeles & Santa Monica

Land & Water Company 1888 WtS*'* John Wolfskill 1890:: ':::ls: ''i:::::'::::::: Heirs of John Wolfskill 1913

Arthur Letts 1919 Pacific Southwest Trust & Savings Bank who acquired "%* 3p title as Los Angeles Trust and Savings Bank—1919

Holmby Corporation.... 1923

Harold Lloyd Corporation.... 1923

Corporation of The President—Photograph, courtesy Church Architect's Office. of the Church of Jesus Christ

of Latterday Saints 1937 Air view of temple site and surrounding territory.

correspondence "Los Diablos."Maximo Alanis was one of the does he give his birthplace, name of

That this appellation was justified is most interesting owners of the father and maiden name of mother, indicated by an eyewitness of that property. He was one of the solmaiden name of his deceased wife,

period: "The pueblo of Nuestra diers who accompanied the colonists Juana Miranda, and the maiden

Sefiora contains a population of of Los Angeles, arriving at San name of his living wife, Juana Reyes, one thousand five hundred souls and Gabriel Mission, August 18, 1781."but also the names of his children

is the noted abode of the lowest In the 1850 federal census for the and their spouses.

drunkards and gamblers of the city and county of Los Angeles, he He started his will much as country."4 is described as "age 97, farmer, AngloSaxons did: "En el nombre

It was under conditions such as born in Mexico."7 This would make de Dios Todo poderoso, en escencia these that title to the temple site, his birthdate about 1753. In the uno, y ttino en persona—Amen."

as part of Rancho San Jose de Buenos Aytes first passed to Maxin 1542 by Charles the imo Alanis, the first private indipROM first ownership right held vidual to acquire an interest in the First, King of Spain, the history of the Los Angeles land. Temple site displays color and variety as fascinating and

On February 24, 1843, Manuel romantic as an historical novel.

Micheltorena, "Commanding General and Inspector of both Calivernacular of the Yankee residents, ("In the name of God Almighty, in fornias,"issued an expediente or he was a real "oldtimer."essence one and three in person

official title to Maximo Alanis, also His last will and testament filed Amen.")

known as Maximilio Alanis. The for record in the county clerk's A further translation of other inproperty granted consisted of one office consists of four pages written teresting portions follows:

square league of land containing entirely in Spanish. 8 It is full of

4438.69 acres and was named human interest, and when conIn the City of Los Angeles the 20th

"Rancho San Jose de Buenos sidered from a genealogical standday1847. of the month of June of the year

Ayres."point, hardly has a rival. Not only {Concluded on following page)

APRIL 1951 239 LAND TITLEHISTORY OF THE LOS ANGELES TEMPLE SITE {Concluded from preceding page) ernment to approve the grant. On ration, by deed dated November 24,

I, Maximo Alanis, native of the mining July 25, 1876, the United States 1923. The amount of internal

camp known as El. Rosario, in Sinaloa, government finally confirmed the revenue stamps affixed to the deed

marriage, Christian oflegitimate son and

Basilia, Maria andof Jose Santiago now title to the rancho by issuing a1"indicates that the purchase price was deceased; finding myself through the Dipatent to the person claiming title. $130,000.00. One of the conditions

at this the of all property imposed in full possession upon myvine Mercy K. Holman Samuel In 1861 when

.senses, sound judgment. and memory "forfeiture was: deed time by this from Wilson the rancho.. purchased

I contracted that I declare, when if title intoxicating are liquors of for he did $3500.00, Sanford the and

I the above only had marriagesecond premises."course, sold on said Of 23, that February on not know village the in a house vineyard,mentioned

it in 1 the 923, did not grantor knew it for sell denomiruins; small in $40,000.00 ranch a 1884 he wouldnearly

occasion to enforce have no de Buenos lose asnated San a Wolfskill, Ayres, with a to rancher, who would John 1 "... corral.small house and as this condition to the temple propin Missouri. born was

erty."'this time, Angeles Los was At third the died Alanis on Maximo to the important come we Now estate real a experiencing and boom heirs, 1851,"his Conof and March title. in link the of chain March On into an entered Wolfskill John Alanis, Alanis, Susanacepcion 1937, 23, recorded April deed by the with 1888 20, agreement July to Fran- (married AlanisJosefa 15, 1937, signed Harold and by Santa Angeles Monica Los and Alanis, Marcoscisco and Covrea) actor, the Lloyd, picture as motion to suband Company, Land Water amongst disagreementafter some 17 president of Harold Lloyd Corporalots. into the divide rancho The the rancho conveyedthemselves, tion, to of conveyed Corporation

sell last to didn't long enough boom to of $1600.00 considerationfor a of President the of Church The lots, the 7, so 1890 on August many of the one Jones,Dr. Wilson W. Christ Saints, Latterday of Jesus a the quitclaimed above company the also held doctors,early who of portion original the San Rancho the to Wolfskill, property back and ReClerk office of and County de containing Ayres, Jose Buenos to reverted acreage was and rancho B. to San- T. Williamcorder; and 18 acres, 24.23 constitutes which the purposes. agricultural for used The 28 postthe second ford, was who site. temple

lot disclose comprising records one joint trustee, as school amaster and the traced history Thus have we site portion the of temple which a 1, dated November deedowners, by the of temple property the time from but to sold Willbee, Charles H. was 1851.'"it first thirtysi for was purchased

it to a subsequent he deeded back 19 cents an acre to today, when it is On January 7, 1842, Dr. Jones owner of the rancho. c

conveyed an undivided onehalf insurrounded by many fine homes and terest in the rancho for $662.75 to John Wolfskill retained ownerworth in excess of $8000.00 an acre.

Benjamin D. Wilson, a native of ship of the property 20until his death,

Tennessee, and one of the promiDecember 14, 1913. Probate proFOOTNOTES

that it was distribshow In title this compiling history, land attempt no of the county. was ceedings nent He men

to include been leases, such instruments as made his heirs: uted to Susanne B. hastax sales, natives affectionately If to the etc. these mortgages, instruments known

it would require a goodsized as "Don Benito."11 The deed recites: Wolfskill, his widow, and their werevolume. included,

to trace the ownership of the to date. "Grant... Rancho San Jose de children: Edith Irene; Ney, a son; propertyThe aimfromhas thebeenbeginning Wolfskill by deMatt Ashby All cited sources record the official are.. with a and. together Ayres Buenos 21 of records Los County. Angeles Newmark'sto My court. of cree in Years Sixty California, for bioused of was three of yoke team and wagon

graphical data, title. the disclosed records when heirs Wolfskill on conveyed The 23, 1858, oxen."Wilson July On

1Guinn: History California Los Angeles, of and the that part of 1, 1919 December onehalf interest the other acquired 247. page Corrected Report Spanish of and Mexican

12 in California. Grants Surveyor (1886) General's is Oflot the temple in which rancho from Sanford. fice.

to 2lndex Letts Patents. to: of Hollyincluded "Arthur disclose that on The records cit., 243. sGuinn, page Op.

the a merchant founded wood,"who *Historical Society Southern California of Quar26, 1859, D. Benjamin November

terly, Vol. 18 83. Page Store in Los Department Broadway 3, of r'Book Patents. 291 Page wife, his S. Margaret and Wilson 22

Publications the of Historical Society of SouthAngeles. to transferred ern Wilson, California, San15 Cyrus Page 105. Volume

is in of the this Census copy Los 7A printed Savings Angeles Trust and Los ford, for a consideration of $2500.00, Public Anqeles Library.

No. "Case Probate) 49 1458 (Old and Case No. of the next a porowner was 13 Bank an onehalf interest. undivided Probate.

title tion acquiring of the Probate. rancho, "Case No. 49 Old of next the entire owner The

1, of Deeds. 10Book Page 66

14, 1919 from Arthur November 1, of 108 "Book Deeds. K. Page "a rancho Samuel Holman, was

of 187,2Book 4, Page Deeds. Letts, his Letts Florence and M. resident of Francisco,"San 4. who of "Rook Deeds. 575 Page

5, 331 and 14Book Page Book 5, Page 391 of wife. referred bank above The in purchased, 1861, the interJune to Deeds.

ests of Benjamin D. Wilson and later changed its name to Pacific ir'Book 3, Page 297 of Patents.

119, of 219 Deeds. Page Trust Bank, "Book Southwest & Savings wife, Sanford, Lucy Cyrus whose

467, of 181 Deeds. "Book Page Corporadeeded and it to Holmby joined in the execution Anne, also of 715, 170 Deeds. 1s Book Page 24

of the deed."tion on November 15, 1923. ""Book 566, Paqe 43 of Deeds and Book 2819,

When California was ceded to Janss Investment Company had Page-"Case94, OfficialNo. 25325Records.Probate, Superior Court.

the United States at the close of the acquired title to the one lot which - 1 Book 61 17, Page 284 of Deeds.

Mexican War, persons owning land Charles Willbee had purchased, and 7021,=2BookPage6965.86; PageBook 312;6990,BookPage6973,155 ofPageDeeds.339; Book

claimed it by reason of grants from together with Holmby Corpora- 2:!Book 6975, Page 297 of Deeds.

Spain and Mexico; therefore, it tion conveyed a small portion of the 'Book2r'Book 2439,2861, PagePage 378,173, OfficialOfficial Records.Records.

was necessary for the federal govrancho to the Harold Lloyd Corpo- ->eBook 14896, Paqe 149, Official Records.

240 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA r o vi e 6 o YOUTH...

.-.,.....:-..-.., that the young married couple is but short separation until they

should from the first seek the conwill be together again. Death is

of security and comfort comes this life to all couple married for only, for I Plan Why stant favor of the Lord. A sense a feared, dreaded subject to the are married in the temple. its who that They "with they know coming

have obeyed the law. They have their family unit is broken forever."

citizens in the kingdom of God, they these two marriages, how can we, to be pleased the Lord. As lawabiding With such an immense difference in

have a special claim to divine aid the youth of today, dare forego the and protection. gift of everlasting marriage?

Marriage in the temple furnishes the opportunity for endless progression. Modern revelation sets

forth the destiny of those who are for in the sealed everlasting comradeship.

They will attain more readily to their place in the presence of the Temple Lord; they will increase more

rapidly in every divine power; they

will approach more nearly to the likeness of God; they will more

vJ>u <=>La V (ece Weber completely realize their divine destiny; and they will be blessed

with the gift of eternal increase.

in the temple? This it marriage, Eternal all that with WHYquestionmarry is being asked provides for conmeans, adunending

stantly by the youth of today. vancement.

Why do my folks make such an isThese are a few of the reasons sue over my being married there? why I plan to be married in the

Marriage, the most important temple. All of the blessings which

event between birth and death, is a we receive from obeying this law first consideration of earth life.

There is no greater decision in our LA NECE WEBER lifetime that to Shall Age 17 make. have we love out The proof of of God

life this for forever or I marry is to his obedience law.

eternal family union or separation at all the grave? have our choice. We Marriage in the temple permits are too numerous to mention. We choose? you doWhich

the association of husband, wife, have the keys to eternal progresThe other day I heard a girl reand family for all eternity. Recently sion. Whether we use them or not

mark, "Well, I'm not going to be my father left us for the other side. is up to us. I would like to relate a

in is the temple;married everything

life; that girl's thankful I can't be a of story that enough one my story

so plain. For I want my wedding parents for time married or yours, mine, were could anyone's. and be

flowers, bridesmaids, flower girls, all It eternity. is really wonderful girl. just an ordinary No, "I was lots of people."and

that to know to me if we I live up to I guess wasn't ordinary just an

What grander wedding could one the commandments that the Lord girl, for I was born into a Latterask for than a beautiful ceremony in has given us, we once again will day Saint family, and I had so much the Lord's the of hosts with house a side. family be the other on the than person. I more average Howheaven in attendance, sealed to the it children, to think our owe we it this! realize long taken has me to

all choice forone time of your and if else, to in to no married one be to listened the things only If I had eternity? the temple. For the love that is I was taught, everything would

Marriage in the temple is the established between man and have been so different today. But

Lord's desire and will. I think woman as they live together and then I am getting ahead of my

this is enough. The temple is by rear their family should not die. It story. I really couldn't see much

divine decree the place where marshould live and grow richer through sense in religion. After all, weren't

riage should be performed. Marthe eternal years. all churches about the same? Even

riage is of such crucial importance Death takes on a new meaning if my religion were true, I had in life that it should begin with full for the couple that is married in the plenty of time to worry about that obedience to God's law. The proof temple, for they realize that "this when I grew old. Religion was for

of our love of God is obedience to life is but a dress rehearsal for the old people anyway, and I was too his law. Life is so full of problems eternities to come,"and that death (Concluded on page 270)

APRIL 1951 241 The Mormon

has been concernMuch ing the Mormon writtenBattalion—of

its recruiting the Saints Battalion among in the Camps of Israel which were stretched across the Iowa countryside; of outfitting these recruits at

Fort Leavenworth; of the many Years later, Henry G. Boyle, one

men who preferred to take clothing Colonel Philip St. George Cooke of the battalion members, wryly refor their own destitute families, whotalion. commanded the Mormon Batmarked: "I think I whitewashed all

which they sent back by messenger, San Diego."And then he went on

to adequate clothing rations for to say:

themselves; of their march to Santa diet of fresh beef could be, but even We did their blacksmithing, put up a

bakery, made to Fe, repaired and carts, Tucson, to and, in and Diego; San the dietary troubles were corrected fine, all did to could we benefit ourselves their of and eventual reunion with before the battalion reassigned. was as well as the citizens. never had We their in families the Salt Lake Valtrouble any the with Californians Inor 15, March On of the Company B ley after turning their backs the dians, on nor they us. with citizens The beBattalion Mormon ordered was to so came fields gold attached to us, of California, that before which they our garrison Diego. San Companies of term service expired they got up a had in aided discovering, but what C, A, D, petition and to {except the sick) the E to governor use his influthe were contributions the of Morto ence left keep us in service. Luis San for petition The Rey los Pueblo de Battalion to mon itself? California signed was by every citizen in town.* Angeles, 19, arriving March there their After arrival in San Diego on to 1 23 take March assignnew During the of month * June, Henry 2 29, January first 1847, their assignments. Bigler others and of the W. batto ment in duty California came

The war for which they were talion brethren cleared the first yard February 1, when they left San

Diego for San Luis Rey. Arriving recruited was over, and their task for molding and burning brick in

was not to fight but to build morale San Diego, and perhaps the first there February 3, they were ordered and to rebuild in what the country. to was soon Fortthe become to clean up the town, which they 6 building and garrison of California. services But were state Elder Big- "did style."in good Until midMarch they were stationed at San the principal occupations during the ler was not destined to be rememLuis Rey, where they adjusted remaining period of the battalion bered as a California brickmaker;

it was his pen that recorded the themselves after the long march and enlistment. They were permitted to

found out how unpalatable a steady accept outside employment offered only diary ever to come to light them by civilians in the towns where concerning the discovery of gold at they were stationed, and they did Sutter's Mill on January 24, 1848.

much to win At the good San Diego the battalion will of the men 3 conquered kept Californians. themselves busy by digging

wells, making brick, and building houses. Pen sketch of Sutter's Mill, in famous the annals

of California history, where gold was discovered JanuCompany did not stay in C Los ary 24, 1848, by workmen in employed constructing the millrace. Angeles long. 1 1 very April found

them with orders to proceed to the

Cajon Pass, to guard against attacks by hostile Indians. Within a week

or two the other members at Los

Angeles were building a new fort.

Once Fort Moore was built, it was decided to dispatch some of the

Mormon Battalion members to the

San Bernardino Mountains with some other soldiers to fell the tallest trees that could be found. But the

fort had to display Old Glory from a less appropriate flagpole on that first Independence day, July 4, 1 847.

A long time passed before the soldiers returned, and the authori-

* Numbers refer to footnotes at end of article.

To Henry Bigler, W. a of the member Mormon

Battalion, and a in worker the famous millrace, goes the credit for having'authentically docuthe gold discovery in his daily journal.242 mented

it. privilege only the to buy had if we

excellent privileges are water on it. There

That valley was never purchased by the battalion or the Saints, but it undoubtedly colored their thinking, culminating in the decision to in California i5u Gilbert cU.. /—.obeli, srt

RESEARCH EDITOR

ties were visibly worried. Finally a

large cloud of dust was seen on the organize the San Bernardino setold mission road, and soon much tlement in 1851.

creaking and groaning was heard, The Mormon Battalion was honas well as music. It was the flagorably discharged at Los Angeles

pole caravan returning with two tree July 16, 1847. The members retrunks, one about ninety feet long, called the prophecy of President

the other about seventyfive feet, Brigham Young that they would mounted on the axles of twelve not be called upon to fight:

carretas (twowheeled carts). Each

tree trunk was hauled by twenty In giving instructions to the members of yoke of oxen with an Indian driver thethe battalionCamps ofbeforeIsrael],their Presidentdeparture Young[from for each ox. The battalion boys were requested that they prove themselves to be

singing a song of Zion. The two the best soldiers in the service of the

trunks, spliced, made a flagpole 150 United States. He instructed the captains

feet high. 7 to be fathers to their companies, and to

A squad of battalion men served manageof the priesthood.the officers Theyand menshouldby thekeeppowerneat

as General Stephen F. Kearney's and clean; teach chastity, gentility, and

escort when, in May, he set out for civility. No swearing should be indulged

Washington, D. C, accompanied shouldin; no avoidman wascontentionsto be insulted,with Missourians,and they

by Colonel John C. Fremont, the or any other class of people. They were

latter charged with insubordination to take their Bibles and Books of Mormon for refusing to recognize the genwith them, but were not to impose their eral's authority. belief on others. They were advised to

avoid card playing and if they had any

Captain Jefferson Hunt wrote to cards with them to burn them. If they

Brigham Young from "Headquarwould follow the instructions given them not to be called they would the shed on ters, Mormon Battalion, Camp by of their blood fellow after their men, and 'the town of the Angels,'May 14, labors were over, they probably would be 1847": discharged within eight hundred miles of

the proposed settlement of the Saints in

When we got into this country, we found the Great Basin, where the next temple that in connection Fremont, with our old would be built in a stronghold free from friends, the giving Missouri had been mobs. 9

Californians a character of the Mormons.

They told them we were barbarous robbers Time has borne out the correctand not Americans. The inhabitants, however, are joyfully disappointed.... ness of the prophecy concerning the

Col. Cooke will accompany the General, distance from that next temple to be

Col. Stevenson of the New York volunundertaken in the Great Basin, but

teers will succeed him in command of the President Young neglected to say district the Battalion. of and I in command that the trail over those of much

the of regiment companies York Two New eight miles to hundred had yet be us. are stationed here with

We are in perfect suspense here. In broken and pioneered. (It,Would be

two months we look for a discharge and interesting to discover now, over a know not whither to steer our course. We century later, the location of their

have a very good offer to purchase a musteringout grounds in Los Angevalley, large sufficient to support 50,000 les in relation to the temple'lot in families, other excellent connected with country, which might be obtained. The Los Angeles.) The way to their

ranch connected with the valley is about loved ones, soon to be in the Salt thirty miles from this place, and about Lake Valley, lay northward and twenty miles from a good ship landing.

We may have the land and stock con- {Continued on page 258) sisting of eight thousand head of cattle, the increase of which were three thousand Battalion Mormon were members permitted to last year, and quantity an immense of aid themselves civilian and the population by accepting outside employment in assisting and rehorses, paying dollars by 500 down, and habilitating the countryside of the conquered Calitaking our time the remainder, own to pay fornians.

APRIL 1951 243 g

Booklength accounts of the sale of produce in 1850, imported activities of the Latterday agricultural implements from the

Saints in early California have eastern states and iron fencing from been written without a single referEngland, and built a flour mill.

ence to the name of John M. In the course of his operations,

Horner. Yet here was a faithful he opened sixteen miles of public

memberup—and oflost—onethe Churchof thewhofirst builtforroad,stagecoachoperatedline, alaidsteamerout no andfewera

tunes from tilling the soil on the than eight towns, built a public west coast and was the first Angloschoolhouse, and paid for the servSaxon settler of Alameda County. ices of a teacher. In this schoolAs a pioneer in agriculture, he house for many years every Sabfurnished fresh vegetables and grain bath were held religious services.

to the goldcrazed miners and the Missionaries and other brethren people of the growing city of San traveling through the area always

Francisco as early as 1849. He received kind and ready assistance

fenced and brought under producfrom his hands.

tion many hundreds of acres of Although he never visited Utah, it is a tale filled with courage, invirgin land, established a commishe sent numerous cuttings of fruit spiration, and romance.

sion house in San Francisco for the trees, vines, and berries to aid the Among the company of Saints who *Annaleona Davis Pattern of Berkeley Stake has Saints in establishing themselves in lined the rails of the ship to revive the stories done of much John Horner the mountain valleys. All of his Brooklyn as she sailed from New other early Saints in and Latterday and Alameda

counties. nearby articles of life he of advocate her an temperhave number by was A in harbor 1846 February York was in the appeared and newspaper, Know, Oakland the ance and of of Wisdom, Word publication The Messenger, monthly of the Oakland the farmer, Horner. young John M.

stakes. Sister Berkeley and the Patton suggested frugality, hard and work of honesty story to of born the editors farm Horner John of Jersey on ImHe was The a New

further provement Era and has assisted checking information gathering pictures. and greatly Anin and honor. June 15, 1821, and there he spent

account of John M. Horner's story should be all but Why his life. the early years of his When early issues of The Improvementlife appearedEra, Volumesalso in7

forgotten to 8. is hard understand, and of age, for he years he twentyone was

left home to make his own way and

In this old adobe dwelling in Alameda Canyon Latterday Saint religious services and socials were held from late 1847 or early 1848 until John Horner built a small churchschoolhouse in Centerville in 1850. hired out to a farmer during the

summer and fall for nine dollars a month with board and washing. In

the winter he taught a district school. For a number of years he

had been "wrought up"about religion, investigating mainly the

Methodist, Baptist, and Presbyterian faiths. But when elders of the

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints started preaching the doctrines of the restored gospel in

With onions selling to gold $300.00 a ton, John Horner

his vicinity, he listened, immediateNew Jersey and eastern Pennsylnow had something special besides ly became interested, and was bapvania. When word came that the himself to protect. His sweetheart,

tized on August 2, 1840 by Erastus Saints were leaving Nauvoo for the Elizabeth Imlay, had become his

Snow. The spring of 1843 found west and that the eastern Saints bride the day before he left New

him in Nauvoo, and the following were counseled to charter a ship Jersey for New York.

and go around the Horn to CaliThe ship Brooklyn, which had fornia, he left for New York to join been converted into a passenger hull,"not carrier from "an old was adventure. this great Ujoule c?c. Lj/ een in of vessel a the type exactly young the district school teaching While

MANAGING EDITOR in 1845, he had been boarding at couple would have chosen for a home. In the corners of his father's wedding cruise, but to John and

the "bride of the Brooklyn"of the his in crooks the fields and of years the pushing cause him saw ship a yacht. honeymoon became little could which land a fences was the restored Church. it their six home. months was For the team and with not reached be the chosen Prophet was When the between and Mexico War father the had plow. ground This office to president the of for of run in CaliStates raging United was his younger to given and John States, the Horner, United John the fornia Saints Brooklyn when might they that brother, William, his to seventy, a back went now the reached Golden on Gate July it plant poand hand spade up by to native campaign. Jersey New little the 1846. settlement 31, But did, tatoes. working they This the of death Prophet's came News

early mornings and late evenings so that their regular duties would not be interfered with. When their little

harvest was complete in the fall, they dug and pitted the potatoes to cold. winter's the protect them from In the hectic

pit, still in the potatoes were The like money in the bank, when John days of the was ready to leave for California, so he sold his share for five dolCalifornia lars. When he arrived in New

gold rush hefound

has of in Centerville, in 1850 one buildhistories of any golden rewards builttheOldmostHomer Church and schoolhouse dramatic ing in Alameda County.

in agriculture

of Yerba Buena (now San Francisco) had fallen to the United at the close of a lecture which EldStates forces three weeks before.

WHEAT"HOPE—1846—FIRST "NEW Little time before passed John full er to given a house Horner had

This 1949 placed in October the by marker was hills that the sand decided Horner fur- a Centennials on base listeners. of Commission attentive he California When

P. nished U. D. by October County Camps, Alameda for place of no were Yerba Buena invited the responses audience, from It 1949. 22, reads—

one man arose and said, "I have Approximatelyneers from shipsix milesBrooklynwest foundedtwenty Mormonfirst knownpioan ambitious young farmer. He

one reason to give why Joseph agriculturalfirst wheat. colonyAlso incropsSan theyJoaquinirrigatedValley. byPlantedpole had brought with him on the Brookagricultural tools purlyn various log houses. three Erected method. and bucket Smith can president of never be

Stanislaus across ferry sawmill Operated and with settlechased had caremoney he the States. later City. as Stanislaus United ment paper which known My

I received from Philadelphia this fully saved from his small earnings.

afternoon says that he was mur- A farmer at heart, he hoped to plant dered in Carthage Jail on June 27."York, he added two dollars to the his roots deep in the soil of this

That, of course, ended the political five and bought a Colt sixshooter new and untried land on the west campaign, but it did not end the pistol to supplement the firepower coast; so before even a month had

activity of John Horner in the of his rifle. He was told that he passed, he and his wife left with

Church. Branch meetings were was "going to a country occupied Brother James Light and his family

continued, and Elder Horner along by savage beasts and still more to fill a contract they had made with with other elders made a number savage men, so you must go armed Dr. John Marsh to put in a field of

of short mission trips into northern to protect yourself."And John wheat on his farm on the lower

San Joaquin River. They plowed,

harrowed, and planted, and in the miners for $40.00 a hundred, potatoes for $150.00 a ton, tomatoes summer harvested the forty acres of

soon found that on his humble farm was California's real gold mine. (Continued on following page)

APRIL 1951 245 JOHN M. HORNER... CALIFORNIA'S "FIRST"FARMER

(Continued from preceding page) seeds, intending to transplant the all sides, people literally made a wheat, but when the two faithful seedlings out on his acres. But the path to his door. Scurvyplagued

husbandmen called for their share, small plants were never moved. miners, it is reported, ate raw

Dr. Marsh said to them, "You have Gold fever which broke out that onions and potatoes with as much

no wheat here; your share was despring hit the Homers along with gusto and enjoyment as if they had

stroyed by the elk, antelope, and nearly everyone else in the area, been apples, and two wagons made other wild animals; my share alone and they deserted their little home a number of trips from the gold

was harvested."and their land to rush to the Amerifields to buy loads of vegetables at

Early that same spring, in March can River, some two hundred miles "fair"prices. Horner's dreams,

1847, John Horner moved with his away. Here, instead of getting rich plans, and hard work were at last

family to Mission San Jose where overnight as they expected, misforbeginning to bear fruit. He estihe found farming prospects more tune overtook the Homers, and they mated that his crop from his sixteen

favorable. Here he plowed and found little gold and much sickness. acres that year was worth about

sowed wheat, barley, peas, and poEven while men from many parts $8000.00, only part of which he

tatoes, and also put in a smaller of the world were stampeding to the realized because an early fall rain garden of various kinds of vegegold fields on the American River, caused a stream to overflow, flood tables. This work he did with a gold fever left the Homers, and in his field, and ruin about half his

yoke of oxen which he obtained the fall of 1848 they decided to go potatoes. But he had succeeded in

from a Mexican. He had found back to the soil. It was a happy growing vegetables in hitherto unthat California was not so wild and couple that returned to the little tried ground.

woolly as it had been represented in log house in the wilderness, even John's younger brother William the east, and having no use for the though they found their garden dearrived in California in January

Colt sixshooter revolver which he stroyed and their hogs gone wild. 1850 and was immediately received

had purchased in New York for With the return of good spirits with great joy into the now firmlyseven dollars, he traded it for the came a return to health, and as their established farming business. The

team. second year in California ended, Homers believed that fortune

Although he tended his little they were much wiser, though poorknocks at every man's door at least farm very carefully, his work was er from the year's experience. once. As people were flocking into

of no avail, for everything he By this time John Horner knew the territory, and as they were planted was destroyed completely that his fortune was not in the gold almost the only farmers in the area, by grasshoppers. So his first year's mines but in the land, so he turned they believed that she was now

farming venture in California ended to farming with renewed vigor and knocking at their door. So they

with no monetary returns, either determination to fence and farm all purchased more equipment and from the work he did for Dr. Marsh the land he could in 1849. Enteams and in 1850 extended their

or from his own farming. In later gaging the help of a number of Infences to enclose some five hundred

years he wrote, "Although I got no dians, he plowed and planted, acres. Farming what they could

dollars out of it, I did get experience hauled more poles and posts, and themselves, they engaged two tenwhich I profited by in after years. fenced sixteen acres. Potatoes was ants to work on shares. The

I had tested the soil in different his principal crop, but he also had Horners furnished the equipment, places with several different kinds onions, turnips, cabbage, waterthe teams, and the seeds.

of farm products and learned the melons, and muskmelons. Toward The virgin soil of California

most suitable season for sowing and fall when the grass and vegetation yielded them a bounteous crop, and planting."dried up in the vicinity, the green at harvesttime they bought out their

The losses might have discourfarm crops attracted the wild cattle tenants, paying them over $30,- aged some men, but not John and other animals. After they 000.00 for their share of the crop.

Horner. Near the site of his first broke the fence a few times and When the gross receipts were

California farming adventure he had threatened to destroy the crops, totaled for the year, they found found a choice piece of farm land John Horner left his bed in the they had sold $150,000.00 worth of

which he purchased from an Inhouse and spent the nights with a farm produce. Onions sold for

dian. Immediately he went to work blanket and a gun out on his acres $40.00 a hundred, tomatoes $300.00

to build a small tworoom house. He frightening the animals away with a ton, potatoes $150.00 a ton, and

moved his family into it in the shot whenever they appeared. This other things in proportion. During

spring of 1848. Because of the night vigil he kept up until late fall the next few years the Horners

large number of wild animals in when the rains started the growth amassed a fortune and built an the vicinity, he had determined that of green feed on the range. empire through raising, processing,

if he were to make a success of In September he sold his first and selling food. They demonfarming he must put up some produce—two dollars'worth of strated to all that there was gold in

fences, so he went to a redwood watermelons. Then the news California land for those who knew

forest twentyfive miles distant spread that John Horner, Mission how to get it out. J. M. Horner

and, by ox team, hauled back posts San Jose, had fresh vegetables and and Company was the name of the and poles. With these he made a melons for sale—the only farmer commission house which they estabpen to hold his animals and fenced in all the territory with a plentiful lished in San Francisco to sell their

a small garden plot. Within the garden. So Horner did not have to produce and the produce of other

enclosure he planted many kinds of peddle his crop, but rather, from (Continued on page 302) 246 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA winds and the ocean current would carry them westward from Peru to the

journey which covtheir 101day on TIHI infascinating, miles makes 4300 ered BH Polynesian Islands. Their experiences EJA o\ccl

formational reading packed with suspense. young people of several Indonesia DECISIONFATAL

of this The reason behind the trip was that the experiences through(Walter M. Stookey, M. D. Illusrelated

trated, Deseret Book Company, Salt keen East Indian, whose previous Thor Heyerdahl believed that the

Lake City, Utah. 1950. 209 pages. publication, Home to India, was a Polynesians (and he includes also

$1.75.) Harper find book. This volume makes Hawaii and Easter Island) were deTiki priestgod white a of scendants than reading. But more fascinating the of story "tragic is theHThis tradiaccording to who, KonTiki, or the need with impresses the that book in traveled which party,"Donner tion, time conthe at fled the Peru peoples. these of understanding for as California Illinois, with from1846 the complete Incas threatened quering at author the of social comments The the blazed party This objective.the his people. annihilation of Lake belt, From the bit hit below to a times seem the across Canyon,trail from Weber fled states, to they tradition Titicaca, careconsiders them one but when Emigration throughmountains, down rafts, balsa entered seacoast the and the that realization to a fully, comes he later year a which party theCanyon, in journeys often used they had better which that had ones deserved hits are pioneer the followed Mormon bywas ocean. into the Heyersitu- Thor the after westward parried and received be of coming the to then fromparty and sailing that they west, feels certain dahl have for the called blows that ations railroad.the

islands the Polyof finally landed on C. corrected. been J. M. at taken decision""fatal was The

nesia.Little Sandy near Fort Bridger when

the party decided not to follow the GREATER DIVIDENDS To Latterday Saints it is interesting longestablished route through Fort FROM RELIGION to read the book and conjecture on

Hall but to try another. Delayed by (Gerrit de Jong, Jr., Deseret Book the verses in Alma 63:5-8.—M. C. /.

the new route and caught by a long Company, Salt Lake City, Utah. 1950.

Sierra Nevada winter, the party was $1.75.) THE MIGHTY DRAMA OF

overtaken by suffering, sickness, and As the author states in the introducISRAEL AND THE JEW to cannibalism. drivendeath, and "... it is hoped to this book, tion Bell. Wallis, Stevens (Albert and W. quite story, The realistic and reasoning often told by that some thinkInc., pages. City. 1950. Salt 325 Lake

historians and romancers, has never ing may be presented that will be of $5.00.)

before received such accurate, authorihelp to those who want to strengthen tative treatment in brief but simple their determination to live fully the '"Phis book represents much laborious and eloquent language. The author, gospel of Jesus Christ...."In the research and much serious thought.

who has spent a lifetime on the Donner ten alltoo-brief chapters of this chalIt is, in short, an interpretation of the trail, has explored it from end to end, lenging book, the author proceeds to story of Israel and the Jews in terms by old and modern vehicles, and from analyze some of the factors that we of results rather than doctrine. It has

the air. He is so thoroughly immersed all consider rather frequently. Their been written from the point of view of

in the story that the atmosphere of titles indicate their significance, al- a believer in the restoration of the the day of the party pervades every though they naturally do not indicate gospel by Joseph Smith; therefore, the

chapter of the book. the treatment that the author accords author's search for truth is evident on

Part one of the book rehearses them: A Peculiar People, Keeping the almost every page. It would take

briefly the exploration of the West Commandments, Theology and Remore space than we can afford to pass before the Donner party. This sets ligion, A Study of Good and Evil, accurate judgment on this large and

the stage properly for the reader, The Word of Wisdom Today, Persomewhat complicated book. But

whether or not he is familiar with sonal Purity, Salvation for the Dead certainly it will stimulate the thinking western history. Then follows the and the Living, The Testimony of the of the reader since it is an unusual

A. W.story of the party without wearisome, Gospel, The Implications of Eternal volume.—/.

unimportant details. The word picture Progress, Conversion.

is with a big brush and painted with the disIt is particularly noteworthy AT WITH WORK colors.distinctive is much There betinction that Dr. de ADULTS Jong makes YOUNG

material in the book that only firsthand tween theology and religion. He states: (Allen S. Ellsworth. Association Press,

knowledge makes possible. Some im- "Theology represents our beliefs; reNew York. 1950. 122 pages. $1.50.)

reproduced. areportant documents ligion represents the way we regularly 7V ffording an insight into the needs, President Albert George beliefs."Smith, himlive our

self a capable and wellinformed stuAs Milton Bennion states in his characteristics, attitudes of young dent of western history, has contributed foreword to the book, everyone should adults (from 18 to 30) this booka foreword of appreciation of the book. read Dr. de Jong's story of his convershould be of particular value to M

Latterday Saints should be deeply sion. Deeply moving, it is at the same MenGleaner leaders and Special Insupervisors. terest on several Based of the caravaninterested in the story time spiritually satisfying.—M. C. /. notably the surveys, by one compiled peothe whichand in its trail Mormon

under the Commission American Youth long. halfple hundred so followed The KONTIKI Education on the Council Americanillustrations the interest to add much McNally (Thor Heyerdahl. Rand

realisis factual and 1942, the book It is piece a work.book. good pages. in Chicago. 1950. 304 Company,

tic. A. W.—/.of $4.00.)

the of auspices the under PublishedEAST OF HOME story as anyone exciting a As to the has study much Y.M.C.A., Bros., (Santha Rau. Harper & Rama gains read, added could KonTiki it in of the program recommend way 1950. York. pages. $3.00.) 303New that realizes interest one when existas analysis well of as it is planning

'"Phis book deals with the travels in factual. Six men—and a parrot—set ing conditions.-—M. C. J.

Japan, China, IndoChina, Siam, off on a balsa raft, believing that the (Concluded on page 291)

APRIL 1951 247 Whow, what a whopper!"he gasped.

his determined, Durmitt, Peter face halfhidden angular beLuck is of the neath his panama hat, was standing in the pool halfway to the plenished his leader and put on anstream. Finally he was forced to

tops of his boots, lashing the ripples other coachman, keeping his tall, admit his casting was atrocious.

awkwardly.. He knew there were angular frame so erect that a cerCan't get the ease and movement I

trout lurking under the -willows tain quality of hardness revealed ithad as a kid, he reflected. Can't

sagging down from the opposite self, even under the loose folds of relax.

bank; consequently, he brandished his canvas coat. He was enjoying A small car hummed up the road

his fly rod with increasing reckless- a touch of grim hilarity in spite of toward the gap at the head of the ness. As a result, he hooked a his poor luck; for in his coat pocket valley, and Peter's mind began to

snag, and after trying several minhe had the deed to the corner where grope its way out into its surroundutes to loosen it, he jerked violently. he was going to build the next of ings. He couldn't see who was in

The leader snapped and whipped his streamlined groceterias. This the car for willows, but he warmed

the wet line back across his straight, time, it was in his own home town to the realization that the river was blunt nose. "Confound the luck,"and just across the street from Bill like a ribbon of live silver in the

exclaimed Peter. Whitley at that. crisp sunshine, and the greenery all

That was just like Peter. He had He grinned broadly. Bill had the about him flaunted the banners of

a habit of jerking when things went best store in Westerbridge, but that early summer.

wrong. Especially, he jerked other wasn't saying much. And he and "I must catch a fish or two,"he

people when they crossed him. That Bill had been rivals. He had won grumbled aloud. "It wouldn't do to

was the reason his son, Dick, the the girl, however. But Bill had got let Dick and Myra see me come home

apple of his eye, had gone off with the start of him in business and sent emptyhanded, not after the way the Whitley boys this first morning him to greener pastures. He was I've told Dick what a good fisherIof their vacation; and why Myra, whipping the stream aggressively as man I am—or used to be, when

his wife, and the little girls, had he recalled these facts, gloating over was a kid."

preferred to remain at Westerbridge his ability, with his string of stores, He tried several more pools and and visit rather than ride out to the to buy Bill out twenty times. His lingered along a stretch of ripples,

river with him. foot slipped on a boulder, and he while a magpie mocked him from

His temper still ruffled, Peter reall but capsized as he waded upthe branch of an overhanging cot248 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA tonwood, and somewhere beyond a I'm surely having fun, Dad. Isn't it Dick was taken back. "Ah—er,

patch of wild rose bushes a robin beautiful out here?"Pop, you know how. Please, may

chirped from the top of a fence The ripple of the boy's lips I go? Mom and the Whitleys have

post. Here Peter's thoughts got out seemed like music to Peter, and the gone up to the gap in the car. We're

of control. The matter of putting sparkle in his eyes was like medihavin'a picnic."

up the new store in Westerbridge cine. But he remembered with a "Oh, so that's it? Well, you may

might be a bit awkward if Myra pang that they had parted early in go."The lad sprang like a young

insisted on getting thick again with the morning rather gruffly. There'd fawn through a rift in the willows'

Jennie Whitley, as she had been been a slight misunderstanding and disappeared.

when they were girls, and if Dick about something. It seemed very

continued to run all the time with trivial. Though he adored his son, A pall of loneliness settled over

the Whitley boys. No one can afhe upheld fully the dignity of paPeter. So they were all going

ford the luxury of having the close rental authority; but now, quite unon a picnic and they hadn't even infriends of his family for competitors. usual to him, he felt a trifle revited him. His family and the WhitNo, by George, it can't be done! pentant. leys. Why the devil didn't Myra

The intensity of this thought pro- "Dick, why don't you stay with associate a little more with some of duced a physical reflex, causing him me? We'll do a little fishing tothe other Westerbridge folk? He

to make a quick step without recoggether.''There was a touch of thought of the deed in his pocket

nizing a submerged root, whereupon pleading in his voice. and rushed over to his wet coat.

he fell sprawling into the water in "All right, Dad,"Dick said reWith a gasp, he discovered it was a very unfishermanly manner. spectfully, casting a wistful glance washed away while gone—probably Peter Durmitt was not a man to at his vanishing companions. he was sprawling in the river. He

enjoy being observed at an embar- "I caught a wonderful trout in the ran down the bank for a half mile rassing moment; but as he arose, bend yonder,"declared Peter, trying to locate it; he prodded under

dripping and blustering, and making "when I was a boy."the willows and searched every poswild efforts to salvage his tackle Dick's pals were whistling somesible snag. It was no use. The long

on his way to the nearest bank, he where on the other side of a patch blue envelope had vanished. Well,

was shocked to hear voices vibratof willows, but Peter was too abhe could get another.

ing through the brush. Almost insorbed with his own thought to Returning to his fishing, Peter

stantly he recognized Dick apnotice. "Yes, I had an old cane tramped and cast for hours, moving

proaching. He could see the boy's pole and was barefooted. Say, was up toward the gap. He hoped to run

into the family sometime before nightfall but dreaded seeing them without having had a little luck.

Dm (L*zra /j. j-oiAtsen Still,than ahefewwasnibbles.flattered Thenby nohemoreran

into Dick and his pals again.

"Hello, Pop,"greeted the boy fluffy brown hair above a patch of from the edge of a shady pool.

"Hello, Son."elderberries. a Luck,"thought Peter?'* "How re you coming "Hello, Dad,"piped a treble Durmitt "is someit,"Peter, hopfenced "Enjoyingvoice. silence, sharp There was a thing you gain for yourlittle closer. a ing son to draw his outburst of surprisedthen an barself through hard position a beAccordingly, he tooklaughter. look! fellows, "Look,

gaining and shrewd low the pool. He realized withPop's been lying down in the river!"

In a second, two other pairs of business tactics."Gazsomething of a pang that Dick, now

impish eyes were peeping at him ing into his teenage fifteen, wasn't exactly a child. Maythrough the brush. son's searching eyes, be that was the reason he'd failed

to hold the boy's attention. He

Peter's heart thumped, but he however, he found a flipped his fly across the stream with grinned sheepishly as his son dashed new answer, and a new an awkward underslung movement, into view and stopped, his tanned joy in life. conscious that Dick would notice

sport shoes sliding on the damp his lack of skill; then, for a time,

earth. eyes His blue and fair, he relaxed in the shadows. Some

life.flushed sparkled cheeks with I excited!"He was about to go cows came down from the village,

"Catch any fish?"into the delightful details of how paused to drink, and a magpie chat-

"No, not a one, not unless—."He he had slung the fish over his shoultered in a clump of birches. It bepawed around in his wet pockets. der and ran all the way home, but gan to grow warmer.

"Not unless f seined some. How the other boys whistled again. He

you making out?"He pulled off his saw the nervous impatience in rVcK moved around the side of the

dripping coat and tossed it on a Dick's eyes. pool and came closer. "Watch

bush. 'You wouldn't care to stay and your line, Dad. There's some big

"Got a couple of nice ones."The show me how to catch one now, ones in this hole."

boy held them up triumphantly. would you?"tested Peter, seeing he "Oh, yes, Son, sure."Peter didn't

"Jack and Sam caught some, too. was losing ground. (Continued on following page)

APRIL 1951 249 LUCK IS OF THE HEART (Continued from preceding page) tackle with such skill that he had If he could only make a good mind being told. He hoped his inlanded the trout before Peter could catch. He coaxed his fly into a

efficiency would prove a lure for fully get over his astonishment. A promising pool. Then a lightning

Dick's interest. He began thinkfew moments later, the Whitley drive from the depths sent a frantic

ing of things he wanted to do for boys came again and Dick went reflex into his arms, making his the boy. After all, he must conjoyously on ahead with them. heart bang against his ribs. He

tinue to grow and be a big man for "Huh,"Peter struggled to call could feel the throb hammer clear to his son's sake. This thought flashed him back, but the words died on his his temples as he braced himself for

in justification for his plan to eslips. He wanted to reach out and the fight, feeling as if he'd dropped

tablish a new groceteria at Westersnatch his son and hold him, from a twenty years. Huh, he chided himbridge. sudden fear of losing him, but an self with a tight grin. A man's

Dick came closer. "Say, Dad."unseen hand seemed to stay the heart has to be right before he can

His face grew serious, as he paused action. So rumors were flying. His catch a fish.

awkwardly. "I—I'd like to talk to own son was taking sides against The pool seemed full of live

you about something."him. What would he think when energy. He pulled steadily, cau-

"Sure, Son. Go ahead. he found out the truth? tiously, then a flash of silver rose

"Well, do you know someone's Mopping his face, Peter plodded to the surface, and his tight line bought the corner across from on upstream. Maybe he'd catch up seemed to sing for a moment—then

Whitley's store and is going to put with the family sometime, though became limp. Peter thought he'd

up a new grocery?"they didn't seem to want him. He collapse. The shock to his nerves

"Who told you that?"Peter felt was getting hungry as blazes. Bemade him gasp. But a few moments

as if he was on trial for his life. hind him rose the clear, piercing outlater, like a man recovering con-

"It's all over town. It'll ruin lines of Westerbridge's two chapel sciousness after being sandbagged,

Whitleys. There isn't enough steeples, together with the cloud of he found himself muttering foolishbusiness for another store in Westlocust and poplar trees which made ly. "I can, I can. I must, I must."

erbridge,"declared Dick with feelthe village resemble a big green His muscular awkwardness had ing. turtle. A glow of appreciation completely vanished. He experiPeter's face clouded. "Did Mr. welled up within him. He really enced an exhilarating burst of

Whitley tell you this?"he dewanted to establish a connection generosity toward all the world,

manded. with the old town. but it was a world from which he

"Oh, no, sir."For a moment a But the desire continued to throw felt shut out. "What a beauty!"he

chill seemed to pass between father him into mental confusion, and he cried, his hand trembling in his and son, and theflare of boyish wasn't used to being confused. At empty creel. At the moment, all

trust was eclipsed, but it came back last, he made up his mind that if other achievements seemed trivial again in an instant. Dick didn't want him to put up a compared to capturing a trout.

"Dad, I made up my mind I'd store and run opposition to Whittalk to you about it. Perhaps, perley, then he would not put up such HThe afternoon wore away. Peter

haps you could do something."a store. He felt like a doddling old became a man with a single defool in admitting this, but to his sire. A mile farther up, close "Did—did anyone ask you to

speak to me?"Peter's face was red. surprise, it made him feel better. enough to the gap now to be near

"No, sir."Dick was very emAnd furthermore, also to his surthe whispering aspens and oak

phatic. prise, he developed a wild desire to brush, he found the pools and rip-

"That's the way with small keep Dick from knowing he was the ples more enticing and mysterious towns,"growled Peter. "News gets one who had bought the corner. I'm than ever. The shadows were

around before it's happened."A glad Myra and the girls did go with crawling down, too, and he could

sort of numb coldness moved up his the Whitleys, he reflected. They'll hear voices. From a pool of dark

spine. He wondered if by any have a better time than they would water another flash came that threw

chance the boys might pick up the with an old crab like me. This bit him into the grip of battle. The

deed he'd lost. of self castigation seemed to do pool was too deep to wade, and the

"I'm sure you could do somehim good. A garrulous magpie birches were so low his line was in

thing to help,"persisted Dick, in a drew his mind again back to the danger.

tone of confidence which suddenly river, and he began whipping his He let several yards of line spin went straight to Peter's heart. fly across a likely stretch of ripples. through the reel, as the trout

rushed, then tried to retrieve careJust then a sharp tug at Dick's line fully. But the trout tore away again

forced an excited cry from the like a stampeding steer. "Whow,

lad's lips and caused him to spring what a whopper!"he gasped. In

to the management of his rod and his effort to improve his position, reel. "Whew,"he cried. For Peter got too near the deep water

several seconds the tiny bamboo and slipped; and as he scrambled to

trembled and whipped. The snap regain his footing, he heard a lusty

and curl of broken water danced yell. Dick was watching him from

on the river. But Dick handled his the opposite bank.

250 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "Hey! Dad, hang on to him!"

Peter felt the hot blood in his cheeks. Then he heard Myra's

voice. And the girls broke in excitedly. Peter literally prayed for

success. "Be careful, Pop. Don't snub 'im

so tight; work 'im into the shallow

water; use your net."Dick's in09**structions were explicit. onTHufwufi

Peter tried to do all these things at once, but his fingers were like thumbs. His nerves tingled; he

i. bales windrows hay, the Finally, turns. cold hotwent and by It the stock. aud irrigated laud of 150 acres about the trout farm nearhowever, he worked car grain. the the tows cutsWalle feedeveu the all griuds work, <he ripples, to forgettingthe and doesT.1 VAC

breathe, he reached out with the to start it in cold weather.

net. But the fish, which he could

hear Dick pronouncing was a fivepounder and which lay for a moment glistening on the water, broke into a new flurry of splashing.

"Hold it, Peter,"cried Myra.

"Take it easy, Dad,"admonished.,

Dick.

Vaguely, he realized Myra was coming to him across a fallen log.

Dick was close behind her. But he

could see neither. He felt like a

man reaching for a star which was just beyond his grasp; but after a

dozen failures he managed to sweep his prize triumphantly into his net.

In a moment, Dick dashed ahead and reached his side. A queer,

uncertain smile was on the boy's lips. "Is—is this yours, Dad?"He

held out the long blue envelope.

Peter felt as if his heart had skipped a beat. But he tried to show reTHE ONLY TRACTOR WITH ONEMINUTE HOOKUP

straint, though he snatched the TO LATCHON IMPLEMENTS FROM TRACTOR SEATpaper as though something it was the yourself for Eagle Hitch See how easythat infinite might do his son harm.

.. it pulls latches plows implements onto. how

it intoThen, he literally jammed. at even in uneven ground depth.. how

his coat pocket. balanced downpull helps both steering andits

"I found it down by the river, traction. See how frontmounted Masterframe

Dad. I thought it was something implements follow front wheels instantly...

you'd dropped, so I didn't say anyhow clean you can cultivate... how well you

thing about it."can see what you are doing. Besides the great LATCH ON loaders, are there implements, of Case yes, "Something. Oh, someIN SLIP PIN variety

etc., built scrapers, sprayers, diggers, hole bything!"to Peter clung the word AND GO...

all Series for specialty manufacturers "VA"like a to straw. drowning a man

... see tractors. for the ahead work Plan now

it. didn't recognize DickThen He dealer. your Case

must never know. It must be something completely forgotten.

Myra put her arms around his PASTE ON PENNY POSTCARD AND MAIL neck and kissed him. "Darling,"Get latest tractor catalog, implement folders. Mark machines

she said. "We've been hunting for thatAddressinterestJ. I. you;CasewriteCo., Dept.in marginD44, anyRacine,othersWis.you may need.

you all day. We thought we could Lowcost 2-plow "VAC"tractor, Eagle Hitch, LatchOn

find you on the river, but we missed Largerimplements2plow "SC"4-5 plow "LA"tractor you. We're waiting dinner. Bill's Fast 3 -plow "DC"tractor D Seedmeter grain drills

out looking for you now."NAME

"Oh, yes, Bill. Good old Bill.

I haven't seen him for ages,"cried POSTOFFI CE

Peter with unbelievable buoyancy. RFD STATE

{Concluded on following page) APRIL 1951 251 LUCK IS OF THE HEART (Concluded from preceding page) tackle and catch, and drew their

I want to have a long visit with heads close to his strong shoulders.

him. And oh, boy, am I hungry!""A good fisherman,"he philosoHe slipped one arm around his phized, "must stay close to his famwife and the other around Dick, ily and friends. And—and his

who had already relieved him of his heart must be right."

\Jnr \Jwn Jime RICHARD L EVANS

4 4 Tt is the nature of man,"wrote Macaulay, "to overrate present evil and to underrate present good; to long

for what he has not, and to be dissatisfied with what he has."1 It is true that too many of us fail to appreciate

the privileges and prospects and possibilities of our own time. Perhaps we expect perfection—or something too

closely approaching it (especially perfection in other people); and when we fail to find it, we spend more time

thinking about what isn't right than about what is right.

It may be that, with Emerson, we should begin at the "other end.""I am thankful for small mercies,"he

wrote. "I compared notes with one of my friends, who

expects everything of the universe, and is disappointed when anything is less than the best, and I found that I

Bound Volumes of begin at the other extreme, expecting nothing, and am always full of thanks for moderate good.... If we will

the ERA make valutake the good we find,... we shall have heaping measures.

able reference books.... One man who was once severely cynical recently

uttered an earnest acknowledgment of his appreciation for his blessings. He had been doing some serious searchPreserve each issue for pering inside himself, and also some searching outside himmanent binding. self, and had made this simple discovery: "Why shouldn't

I be happy? I have my health, my home, my work, my

A fine addition to any family, and food, and friends."And he might have added, "My cup runneth over!"Many people who have

library, both for value much less than this still manage to be happy. Too much

pessimism has led too many men into making serious misof contents and aptakes. And perhaps part of our pessimism comes because

pearance. we are too close to ourselves to see in proper perspective.

Often our own lives from day to day seem cluttered and at times chaotic, and we overlook our opportunities and prospects and possibilities and pass them up on the

Economical shortsighted assumption that they aren't what they should so wrong about ourselves and our own $3.00 per volume be. We can be

time. We can be so dissatisfied with what we have and

so sure we want something else—until we lose what we

F.O.B. Salt Lake City have—and then we look back and begin to appreciate

(Postpaid, add 30c) what was ours. In this life we shall not find perfection,

but we can find happiness if we learn to appreciate the blessings and opportunities that are ours, here and now.

DESERET NEWS PRESS JLe Spohen Word f$om temple square

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING SYSTEM, JANUARY 28, 1951 42 Richards St. Copyright, King Features

1Histoty of England.

Salt Lake City Essay On Experience.

RS5i<5<i?i 252 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

*& & C. 89:17.)

saying, "Bishop, we are so far in

It is wellknown to nutrition experts that all debt now. How can we afford a

food is most nutritious when prepared as fresh mill?"The bishop assured him that

"in possible—thereof."the season as This apthe mill would soon be paid for by

to grain, plies freshly to other ground, as it does foods—for then the vitamins and flavor are most the small profiit from the sale of the

potent. This is especially true of the much needflour.

ed vitamins E and B-complex, the richest natural After arrival of the mill, a food source of which is the bran and germ of the wheat kernel. These vitamins are removed comexpert was invited to speak about

pletely from the white, bleached flour in the rethe use of whole wheat flour. The

finingA recentprocess.and authoritative book The Vitamins plans of the ward to make this availin Medicine by Drs. Bicknell and Prescott, of able to its people were announced.

London, England, describes the removal of these A publicminded couple volunflour, grinding, rich either before vitamins from flour, scientists teered to grind the wheat, to packstorage. for white These or by

state: "Wheat germ is so valuable for the feedage the flour, and to weigh it as it is

ing of livestock that it appears unlikely that it needed. Later another friend was

since will in peacetime, bread English be left in of pigs rather people is the nutrition than most placed in charge of the distribution.

lucrative. Yet with the removal (or deterioraThere are regular times for the sistion) the of the univercheapest only germ and flour. ters to their come for Many

is lost. sally source vitamins eaten For of many however, those from come who this rich for the the the calls, is a tragedy; poor even

loss of vitamin E is not easily made up by other have run short at other times of the foods."week. The bishop warns it is not a

For these reasons, many groups are finding it profitable, for the sake of our health, to use the project to be undertaken by anyone experience explained in the following article. who imagines it to be an easy one.

At first the ward used about one hundred pounds of wheat each week. Now, after two and a half

There was a dinner at the home of months of the project, the ward is a ward member. One of the using five hundred pounds. Origguests was the ward bishop. The inally the cleaned wheat was ordinners at this home were always dered in hundredpound quantities. delicious, but tonight the bread was A Natural Now it is ordered in thousandespecially outstanding, so much so pound lots.

that the bishop asked about it. This wheat is purchased from the For, the secret of the bread Source second and seventh elders'quorums.

served that night was in the flavor. Their group had begun a similar

flourThis that flavorwas was in project even bewards their own it fresh,packed because and of was bishop the fore our accepted had nutritious because it was all the memorable invitation to dinner.

wheat with no dangerous preservaThese quorums import proteinhightive added. The bishop, being a Energy wheat and clean it with their own

wise man, realized immediately the special equipment.

value of the use of such flour in his After the flour had begun to be own home. But being also a father sold, some of the members asked for

indeed to his ward and having their cracked wheat to be used as a welfare always in mind, he thought.

"If it is good for ought Dm my family, oU.covu$e S>tTencer breakfastpurchased cereal.a usedThecoffeebishopgrinderthen

it not to be good for the ward, too?"from a local chain store at a small

Because he knew there was no mittee of his ward would not acprice and had it installed, also.

precedent for a bishop to do what he cept the project, he would take it Freshly ground, the wheat is amazwas about to do, it was with much upon his own shoulders to provide ingly good.

prayer and not without misgivings, the people with the best form of The Relief Society has been bethat he laid the steps for the con- "the staff of life for man."It was hind its bishop from the start. Sevsummation of his thought. fortunate that when the proposition eral of its prominent members were

His first act was to order a large was placed before them, all but one already familiar with the fresh mill for grinding the flour. He deof the committee did agree to it. wheat products. It was an immense

termined that if the welfare comOne man, a counselor, dissented, (Concluded on page 301

APRIL 1951 253

SCOUTING AND THE 11YEAR-OLD BOY ( Concluded from page 235 could give valuable assistance at this Wherever the program has been an additional three months to reach daytime meeting. tried, it has been found successful.

the Star rank and another three for Typical is that of the response As in all other organizations inLife. of Burton, Robert scoutmaster the stake, the stake president is reof

78 of the in BadenPowell Lord wanted Troop Stratford When Ward for seeing sponsible that the newto the sure Stake. Highland make given that the many He has

is into all effect in ideas program put for developedhe had Scouts Boy a he tookwould work, of wards in his stake. He works twentythreeoutstanding scoutingelevenyear-oldsexperience anin group

through his counselor and hightwenty boys with him to Brownsea the short time the new program has councilmen assigned to the M.I.A.,

Island in the English Channel. been in operation in the Church. His the stake Mutual superintendent

There, in 1907, he set up the first and his assistant, and scouting three patrols meet Friday at 5:15Scout camp. chairman and Scout commissioner p.m. under his supervision. He has

turned the of most the with work original that Since scouting camp, stake the board. on Each man is regular to troop his assistants. overhas outdoor been an program. The individually responsible to see that

'of the "One most important is 'Outing'slogan seventyfive those under him are carrying the out in is things scouting for to a boy ofpercent scouting"has developed program.

as a result of this ideal. The chief get the right start,"he points out.

Scout of the world put it another In the ward the same organizaIf all boys in a ward can have a way: "Nature study will show you tion is in effect. The bishop is regood experience during their first

how full of beautiful and wondersponsible. He carries out his reyear, advance in the program, and

ful things God has made the world sponsibility through his counselor learn the fundamentals of camping for you to enjoy."assigned to the M.I.A., the ward and the other activities, there need

When the First Presidency made superintendenttroop committee, andand scoutmaster.his assistant, beof verythe troop."little concern about the rest

the new elevenyear-old scouting program a daytime activity, they probably did more than anything else that has ever been done to give

Latterday Saint boys the "outing"experience of scouting. If the program is carried out as suggested by THE GENERA! AUTHORITIES ADVOCATE SCOUTING

the First Presidency of the Church and developed by the scouting comPresident George Albert Smith: to carry it on as part of the Mutual

mittee of the general board, this program.

experience will be enjoyed not only It is my desire to see scouting extended by the new young Scouts but also to every boy in the Church.

by all members of the troop. Elder Matthew Cowley:

Bishops, don't ever complain about Scout satisfactory organizamost The President David O. McKay: responsibilities in a ward. a wonWhat is for activity the oftion daytime

it is derful thing to a be savior of some the First Presiof the approval With to entire troop the withthe meet is son, man's that are and supwhat you the under dency and Men's Mutual Young in charge. to be.scoutmaster posed new The are a judge You common Association, Improvement the elevenyear-

Israel. in are father the of ward. You a to the assigned then could beboys of the old boys are Church to be now

regular patrols in the troop, giving included in the great characterbuilding them the guidance of the experimovement of scouting. President Richard L. Evans:

enced older boys. These older boys

would, of course, continue to meet Scouting, earnestly entered into, will with the M.I.A. each week. Elder Ezra Taft Benson: helpbalance—withany boy broaderto meetknowledgelife with ofbetternaThe other plan is to have only the Scouting builds men of character. It ture, with higher quality of conduct and

elevenyear-olds meet in a daytime teaches duty to God and country, clean character, and with greater regard for meeting. They would then be orliving,Completionselfdiscipline,of the requirementsand unselfish service.for an reverence.

ganized into patrols with a patrol Eagle Scout will do as much to prepare for every six to eight boys. They a boy for life as the average fouryear Bishop LeGrand Richards:

course. high Scouting, school coupled leaders have theirwould own patrol Priesthood leaders stake both the on the Church Aaronic Priesthood work, regiswithand assistants. would They should lend and possible every ward levels is the world's best program. boy Every

ter with the regular troop and be L.D.S. boy should enjoy the blessings of assistance to provide scouting to all our

considered members of the M.I.A. effective scouting. boys who belong in this program.

and credit given toi them on the

M.I.A. rolls for attendance. It is Bishop Joseph L. Wirthlin:

recommended that the scoutmaster Elder Mark E. Petersen:

handle this group. Where this is The president of the Aaronic Priesthood,

the is bishop of the in should Scouting ward, the L.D.S. not just as Church benot possible, an adult assistant

his local It is concerned optional about organizathe of Scout program. a part an

scoutmaster should be appointed; prescribed program. Stake presidents, tion as he is about the ward Aaronic

the regular troop junior officers bishops, and M.I.A. officers are obligated Priesthood committee.

254 '"'"'THE IMPROVEMENT ERA NEW BOOKS

DOCTRINE AND COVENANTS A MARVELOUS WORK AND

COMMENTARY A WONDER 925 pages. Newly revised edition. by LeGrand Richards

Historical and explanatory notes of revelaTeachers, investigators, missionaries, students tions to Joseph Smith, the Prophet. have in this book a sound, convincing treatment of the fundamental principles of the re-

$5.00 stored church.

350 pages. $1.75

OUTLINES OF ECCLESIASTICAL THE WORD OF WISDOM HISTORY by John A. Widtsoe and Leah D. Widtsoe

by Brigham H. Roberts

The famous and important wise doctrine of

Four great periods of religious history are health is fully considered in relation to upto- amplified in this famous book: date science of human nutrition.

(1) The establishment of Christ's Church. 312 pages. $2.75

(2) The "Famine"for the word of the Lord.

(3) The Reformation, which was really a revPROTESTORS OF CHRISTENDOM olution. by James L. Barker

(4) The Restoration of the Gospel. Early teachers and writers evidence reasons

for the need of the restoration of the Gospel.

450 pages. $2.25

$2.25 ': '.::'v ':

ON THE WAY TO IMMORTALITY JESUS THE CHRIST:

AND ETERNAL LIFE by James E. Talmage

by J. Reuben Clark, Jr. The Savior and his career in the old world

and the new world are portrayed with enHistorical and doctrinal needs for the restorariching detail in this classical treatment of tion as the of the Gospel way to immortality his life.

'life. and eternal 803 pages Cloth—$3.00

$3.50 Leather-$7.00

THE BOOK OF MORMON

in three editions:

Missionary $1.00, by mail $1.25

Library edition $2.00

Large type edition $3.00

BOOK OF MORMON CHART in colors, showing in order of time, all the historians, events, peoples, their rise and fall, synchronized with events in the old world;

full explanatory legend. An invaluable visual aid for all who

would gain a clear understanding of this famous condensation of 1 000 years of ancient American history. $3.00

DESERET BOOK COMPANY 44 East South Temple Street

Salt Lake City, Utah

APRIL 1951 255 - 4* e

CO r2 tb.* a -S.-

i>

cos!

B 8

p. is

If

The Mormon Battalion Order NOW Your in California MUSIC FOR JUNE (Continued from page 243) then eastward, but those, at best, were only dimly marked by the use M. I. A. CONFERENCE of a season or two. Transcontinental

its inCalifornia to was in Psalm—CL fancy. California the trade with Cherubic Hymn—Rachmaninoff(150)—Franck $.22.20 travel The Voice of Freedom—RubensteinCailliet.20 states eastward had long since been

to Preludes Eternity—LisztRibold ocean adventure. an Now the Day is Over—BarnbyRingwald.30.20 Eightyone of the battalion memHallelujah.18 Amen—Handel

six for 30 reenlisted of bers a term Andalucia—Lecvona

Valley Promised Suite—Gates four 20, days months and on July

in 15 Learn Wisdom Thy Youth—Marsden... later to ordered they were San

MALE CHORUS Diego. 10 The other brethren organ-

.20 Passing By—PurcellBurleigh for traveling to the themselves 18 ized The Creation—Richter Basin. - Great.20 Onward Christian Soldiers—SullivanSimeone

Of the battalion members, those LADIES CHORUS did those reenlisted and who who.15 A Swan—Grieg not, B. - R. Mason, Governor.20 A Snow Legend—Clokey Amaryllis—Arr. Parlow 15 Kearney's successor, as military

commandant, said in his report to the adjutantgeneral on September 18, 1847: GLENBR0S. MUSK CO. Of the service of the battalion, of their

3 Big Stores patience, subordination, and general good OGDEN—SALT LAKE CITY—PROVO conduct, you have already heard; and 1

take great pleasure in adding that as a body of men they have religiously respected the rights and feelings of this conquered people; not a syllable of complaint has reached my ear of a single insult offered or outrage done by a Mormon

volunteer. So high an opinion did I entertain of the battalion, and of their special

fitness for the duties now performed by the that I country, in this made garrisons I services efforts to strenuous engage their ||\ ROEBUCK AND CO. for another year. 11

Before leaving southern California, the former battalion men were advised to go north along the the SierraNevada Moun- J*$M '\% base of tains until they came to Sutter's

Wm Fort where there was sure to be

26, they eastward. August On TOMORROW'S information as to the best routes River, the American camped on

adjacent to its meeting with the TREASURES

The quilt or comforter you make today Sacramento River, and near New tomorrow. heirloom treasured will a be Helvetia, John Sutter's headquarto supply privilege a considers Sears

12 these lovely of batts manyit the exters.

handicraft. of Mormonfor amples

They soon discovered that Sutter wanted to build a sawmill but was handicapped by a lack of skilled workmen. Mr. Sutter and his

72X90IN. HARMONY HOUSE BATTS superintendent were pleasantly sur-

2 pound weight 2 pound weight prised to learn that this group in25% skilled carpenters, black75% wool,cotton 1.98 50%50% wool,cotton 2.49 cluded

smiths, wheelwrights, millwrights,

We'll give prompt attention to your mail orders. Write to farmers, and laborers. A few reSears, Roebuck and Co., Salt Lake City, Utah. mained, with the consent of the

MAIN or STATE at 8th SO. others, to take advantage of the

FREE DIAL 5-6651 PARK p.m. good wages offered. Nevertheless, 9:30 a.m. to 6 HOURS:

Fridays Until 9 (Continued on page 260) 258 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA i There's none "finer

t *—ir-7—<; \r

APRIL 1951 259 The Mormon Battalion

in California

{Continued from page 258) the others received their information and pressed eastward.

On September 6, when they were leaving the basin of Lake Tahoe, they met Samuel Brannan, who had been east to the Green River for a

Institution meeting with Brigham Young. He

gave a discouraging picture of possibilities in the Salt Lake Valley and urged all the men whose families were not actually en route to UTAH STATE the Salt Lake Valley to return with him to California. His appeal fell

upon deaf ears."The next day, AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE however,"they met Captain James

"The People's College"Brown, ranking officer of the Morhas scheduled for 1951 mon Battalion who went to Pueblo

A Summer School of National Significance with the sick detachment. He and

his party were on their way to Terms A Full Quarter—Two the from had letters He July 23August 17 California. 20 June 11July

families for of these men many

Many visiting professors and lecturers from different parts of the journeying eastward and instrucnation, including three from the Departments of State and Agriculture at tions from the Twelve for all those

Washington, D. C, will supplement the resident faculty, giving special who had no means of subsistence to

emphasis to: remain in California, labor during

Regular courses, graduate and undergraduate, in most the winter, and make their way to the departments. Salt Lake Valley with their earnings

Particular attention given to the needs of entering freshthe following spring. About one-

I.'s. G. and men the of the accepted company short courses, conferences, and inhalf series of extensive A returned suggestion and to John

stitutes.

An excellent recreation program. Sutter's establishment, where they

Education for international understanding with emphasis found employment. The others con11

on the "Point Four"program—learning how to do sometinued on to the Salt Lake Valley.

thing about it. Sutter began a projected flour mill

Courses to meet the certification needs of teachers in all a few miles from his fort, and a levels of the school system. sawmill about fortyfive miles up

For a catalog and further details, address the river. For the latter project,

Dean of the Summer School James W. Marshall took Alexander

Stephens, James Barger, James S.

Bigler, Azariah WilliamUTAH STATE AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE Brown,Smith, WilliamHenry W.Johnson,

Logan, Utah Ira Willis, Sidney Willis, and Wil- "Where It Is Cool In The Summer"liam Kountze, (all members of the battalion, but the last three were not working on the mill that fateful with together two day) January 15 THIS DID MISS OFFER SPECTACULAR YOU Indians. white and some men

all full three of receipt books. As a other upon payment third the cover of your on

I (as in selections few as September. purchase Club may member begun was Work

only each for months) during $1.87 four each 12 issue? January temporarily river dammed, list was publishers'The of regardless for plus handling, 13c

for only Three wonderful books worth $1.87 $11.00

I receive will prices. charge without THE PEOPLES built, in between millrace with the Club. Peoples and Book membership was books forthcoming describes Magazine, which CHOICE

If offer by the overlooked you amazing Peomade I I in the advance whether so that want know may water 15 20 January and January of division ples Sears, (a Co.) Roebuck Club Book and I purbook fourth every described; with and book

if in issue, or did to cut you not your January want additional test book will to an chase, send the millrace Club the me into turned was of for the cover coupon, your the then back magazine as an earnedbonus. charge extra without

of this this to use take below advantage coupon mill. construction was the more No

offer, right wonderful now!

necessary. to be IE-2 Signature of appear on line above found must new member

PEOPLES BOOK CLUB 24, 1848, on But January P. 0. Box 6570A PLAINLY PRINT PLEASE

Chicago 80, Illinois Mr.

I understand that it's not too late to take advanMrs.

tage of your wonderful offer to receive THE DICKENS Miss..... while sauntering along the tailrace

—3DIGEST,wonderfulTHIS MYbooksBROTHERworth $11.00and THEfor PINKonly HOUSE$1.87. (First Name) (Last Name) inspecting the work, Mr. Marshall noticed

in particles mingled with the excavated enroll Please Peoples Club Address and yellow Book me send me the enrollment In books. three your accordance with earth. 115

I offer Zone State in City handling will for send you $1.87 plus 13c

(Continued on page 262) 260 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Td Like

to Know..

You may have heard that a suit has been filed by the Antitrust

Division in Washington to break up Standard of California as well as six other West Coast oil companies. Hundreds of people have

already written us protesting this action and many have asked pertinent questions. We believe these

questions should be answered for everyone. And we take this way of

doing so. If you have a question

we urge you to write:

"I'd Like to Know"225 Bush Street, San Francisco 20

"Would breaking up big oil companies affect national defense?"

Mrs. MarieLouise Auer, Pasadena housewife, writes: "It seems to me like a bad time to be tamperantitrust does it lawyers as the our industries, want to do. Or ing with n p c-f*. e*. J\-t t big national affect matter? oil companies defense?"breaking up Would

Here at Standard, one of the seven Western business at all times. We believe we serve you

oil companies under attack, we see clear well. But let's consider now just "bigness"

public benefit in having big companies in the and national defense:

Of course, in time of crisis, military needs Second obvious demand comes from inAnother direct result of company bigness get first call. One example: aviation gasodustry. Has anyone forgotten how much is product improvement. Big companies

lines. In the last six months of 1950, in America's strength during World War II do research on a big scale. Example: the

the West alone, these needs jumped depended on industrial production? It Standarddeveloped oils which increased

275%. Big oil companies supplied it. takes big companies to supply big needs. U. S. submarines'range 300 %.

The national government itself depends Indirect but important defense contribuAnd while all this is going on, Standard's on our bigness and integration to handle tion is our big tax payments. Last year bigness and integration enable us to keep

hard jobs. Right now, Standard is operaour taxes were over $95,000,000. As one on producing, refining, transporting and

ating a U. S. atomic research project and big company, we pay more taxes than we delivering products to you. Isn't this

a U. S. synthetic rubber plant. would as several smaller companies. what you want from your oil company?

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA plans ahead to serve you better

APRIL 1951 261 THE MORMON BATTALION IN CALIFORNIA

(Continued from page 260) would blur the water, though he finally

He instinctively called it to the succeeded.

attention of his men. Bigler;The nexthe usedmanhisto jackknife,get a piecegettingwas H.it W.on THINK! At this juncture all was excitement. All the point of the blade, then, getting his

repaired to the lower end of the tailrace, forefinger over it, he placed it in his left

Can the worth of a doctor at where we found from three to six inches hand. And as we soon learned to look

the sickbed of a child be figof water flowing over the bed of rock for it, as it glittered under the water and the sun, of the rays all rewarded we were there crevices in which were and little ured in dollars and cents? CERscales. put his mite into Each a few pockets, the in with over which water rippled

vial that small Marshall, a provided by was TAINLY NOT!!! the glare of the sunlight as it shone over

custodian. the him and made we the mountain peaks. Barger James was

first to scale of the spy a metal. He Neither can ALSCO STORM the

it to stooped pick up, but It was Elder Henry W. Bigler found some

WINDOWS have a monetary difficulty in getting hold of it as his fingers [Continued on page 264) value placed on them if there >J>5s5n5vS5S5S\3?SSs3\5

is a shortage of fuel.

THINK ON THISBe prepared! OH on t J\now l/wkat

It is possible to heat your house with your fireplace or a monkey-stove (if it were necessary) on re iddlna!

when you have our ALSCO RICHARD L. EVANS

WINDOWS installed.

IT is possible that most of us have been persuaded to proREMEMBER - IT DOESN'T COST ceed against our better judgment, by those who urge -IT PAYS! us on with the argument: "You don't know what you're

missing!"And no doubt many people, both old and

ALSCO, the PIONEERS in the young, have been introduced to some desirable things as well as to many undesirable things by this philosophy: window insulation field, are "You don't know what you're missing."Behind it, of

prepared to give you a SUBcourse, is the reasoning that a person doesn't know

STANTIAL DISCOUNT on these whether he likes a thing or not until he has tried it.

precious and beautiful alumiSometimes this is true, and, being sometimes true, it may num windows and doors... invariably sound like the best of logic—until we carry

PROVIDED YOU CONTACT US it to some of its socalled logical conclusions, at which

IMMEDIATELY. point absurdities appear; for example, we don't know what

we're missing if we've never fallen from a building or if we've never had a headon highway collision. We don't

Write know what we're missing if we've never had a malignant malady. But these are experiences which most of us

it well without. could are so very agreed do we And ALSCO OF UTAH efthe lesser things, is, in degree, greater or with many

South 230 West 17th fects of which we have seen in the lives of others—even CITY, SALT LAKE UTAH

or Phone 7-5479 when we don't know precisely and personally what we are missing. Sometimes there is said to be a belief that

for particulars. one can't know what life is really like until the seamy

side has been sampled. But to sample the seamy side

even experimentally and with no serious thought of falling into false ways is likely to leave its permanent impression upon us and may modify our thoughts and our lives

ALEXANDRIA HOTEL forever after. And before we do something foolish or

Los Angeles, California useless or questionable, there should be a much better 5TH and AN ABBELL excuse than the old and wellworn argument that we

SPRING STREET HOTEL don't know what we're missing. After we do know what

we are missing, it may be too late. There is a long list

of things that it is much better to have missed, as those who haven't missed them could eloquently and sometimes tragically testify,*

Jhe Spoken lA/ord from temple square

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADHeadquarters for L.D.S. People CASTING SYSTEM, FEBRUARY 4. 1951

Harry W. Beckett, General Manager 'Revised.

Ray H. Beckett, Resident Manager Copyright, 1951

262 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

... Is Helping To Build The West

Ever since that memorable day in May, 1 869 when the golden spike was driven at

Promontory, Utah, and the West was joined to the East by a highway of steel, the

Union Pacific Railroad has played an everincreasingly important role in the industrial development of the West.

Through good times and bad—through peaceful periods of expansion and through critical national emergencies—the Union Pacific Railroad has provided

dependable transportation at all seasons to industry and to individuals alike.

In the future as well, Union Pacific will continue to be vitally linked with the industrial development of the West. Our double track and centralized traffic

controls produce faster schedules and greater efficiency in meeting the growing needs of constantly expanding industry in the area we serve.

More and more, industry is moving westward... and Union Pacific is

keeping pace.

MEMO TO TRAVELERS: MEMO TO SHIPPERS:

When you step aboard a Union Pacific The world's markets are brought closer train, you enter a world of pleasure and when your shipments are routed over relaxation. You rest as you ride... take Union Pacific. Our short, direct middle route

your choice of accommodations... enjoy means ontime delivery. Regardless of the

delicious dining car meals... forget about size of your shipment... when you want

traffic and weather worries... and arrive dependable transportation—be specific..

refreshed ship Union Pacific.

For Dependable Freight and Passenger Transportation ****>-*APRIL 1951 UNION PACIFIC 263

The Mormon Battalion

in California

( Continued from page 262 who made his journal entry that has pinpointed the event:

Monday 24th: This day some kind of

metal was found in the tailrace that looks like gold.

January 30: Clear, and has been all the

*** lastprovesweek.to beOurgold.metalIthasis beenthoughttriedto andbe

picked UNIVERSITY have more than a up We 18 * dollars this worth week. */ UTAH hundredrich. j jlr *.<. UCA6P So was the event recorded that

GOING TO COLLEGE? wasinto toa changethriving a statesleepywithinCaliforniatwo

years. <* They naturally tried to keep it a JW Jfate University Offers secret at first, and the men conUnexcelled Study Opportunities tinued to work on the mill, but used their offhours in prospecting. Mormon Island was found to be rich The University of Utah is recognized as one of the leading with the yellow metal, and there

schools in America. Nowhere can Utah students find all the the famed "Mormon Diggin's"later

opportunities and advantages offered in the home environment yielded a fortune. On July 3, 1848, the Mormon

at their state university. Battalion band started again for

An unusually strong faculty offers training in Education, the Salt Lake Valley. Theirs was

the task to cut a wagon trail through

Engineering, Medicine, Law, Business, Mining, Fine Arts, Pharpart of the Sierras. Three of their

macy, Nursing, Social Work and other fields. number, Daniel Browett, Ezra H.

Allen, and Henderson Cox lost their

In planning your future, don't overlook the opportunities lives in Indian skirmishes. The group,

offered at the "U". with their seventeen wagons,

reached Great Salt Lake City about

October 1-."

But these battalion men were not

Study for your future at home through in aiding California. Captain Jefferson Hunt was one who

For full information write: had refused to turn back to CaliOFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT fornia, after meeting Captain James

Brown in the high Sierras on UNIVERSITY OF UTAH theSeptemberSalt Lake7, 1847.ValleyHeinarrivedOctoberin

SALT LAKE CITY 1, UTAH 1847. In a few days, he and his

two sons, both of whom were members of the battalion, and fifteen others were off to California again, this time to obtain provisions, cattle, seeds, and grain. They took the

southern route, arriving at what is

Z2ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ now San Bernardino on Christmas day, 1847. With two hundred

head of cattle they returned to Salt

Lake City, completing their journey in May 1848. 20

Following the trail that the Hunt cattle had made distinct, twentyfive other battalion members arrived in

Salt Lake City June 5, 1848, bringing with them one wagon and 135 mules. The wagon of this group

(Concluded on page 266)

*Spelling modernized.

264 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

IT IS ONLY NATURAL

that here in the land of sunshine,

siestas, beautiful oceans, smiling

desert playgrounds, tall, blue mountains,

green valleys and thousands of schools,

people like to play ball

They play ball 365 days a year—

some of them play ball 365 nights a year.

To supply these eager ones and their

healthy friends all over the world,

there was built a quarter of a century ago..

Vo/T, manufacturers of America's

finest athletic equipment.

Vo/f makes footballs, basketballs,

volleyballs, soccerkickballs, softballs,

baseballs, waterpolo balls, etc.,

etc., etc., etc.

Because all V6/T balls are rubbercovered

they are waterproof, official,

handsome and outwear leather 6 to 1.

This is why VoiT balls are used yearly

by 100,000 U. S. schools and colleges

for all types of play,

from P. E. classes to varsity football

PLAY BALL!

LOS ANGELES 11 NEW YORK 10 'CHICAGO 1C

APRIL 1951 The Mormon Battalion

in California So Easy/ {Concluded from page 264)

IT'S UNBELIEVABLE made history. It was the first

wagon successfully to come over the southern route from southern 21 WHAT YOU CAN MAKE California to the Salt Lake Valley.

What were the contributions of ON A the Mormon Battalion to California? They have been summed

up as follows:

It assisted in the conquest of the West.

Despite the fact that the Treaty of

Cahuenga, January 13, 1847, ending the conquest of California, had been signed arrived, the battalion nevertheless, MAGIC before in the presence of this company

ZIGZAG ern California undoubtedly strengthened... southDIAL the American position there. By performing

important services at San Diego, San Luis

Rey, and Los Angeles, the battalion at least kept those posts secure.

The battalion rendered an important service by providing much needed facilities for communication and transportation between the east and the west. The building

DIAL oftheroadscountryand morethe diggingaccessibleof wellsto travelers.rendered

STITCH ernTheNewrouteMexicoof theandbattalionArizonathroughdid muchsouthto

REQUIRES NO ATTACHMENTS stripadvanceof territorythe purchasesouth ofof thethe GilatriangularRiver

STRAIGHT AND ZIGZAG SEWING MAKES BUTTONHOLES from El Paso, Texas, to Yuma, Arizona,

SEWS ON BUTTONS EMBROIDERY AND APPLIQUEING when this section of the country appeared FORWARD MONOGRAMMING AND REVERSE SEWING to be desirable for the construction of a etc DARNING,... transcontinental railroad.

Available in Console, Desk and Portable Models

Battalion of the Members parMormon design, in the 1862 Since development pioneered and manufacPFAFF has ticipated in the discovery gold in Caliof for ture of precisionmade Machines and Industry. Sewing Home

fornia, an event of importance not to alone but to the nation as a in Relief OrganizaCalifornia Society already placed machines been have Many PFAFF whole.... Credit tions. well BigRelief Society is due as Henry Examination and as by YOURSELF trial by W. YOUR

is invited. ler, more than anyone else for accurately

recording the events immediately associated

Service is ALWAYS AVAILABLE—no matter where you move—how many with this dramatic event. His account is years from now—you'll always be able to get parts and service from any the only authentic record extant.... 22

PFAFF store from Coast to Coast!

FOR YOUR FREE BOOKLET GIVING ALL THE DETAILS OF References: THE AMAZING PFAFF WRITE TO

1Manuscript History of the Mormon Battalion,

Church Historian's Office, January 29, 1847. PFAFF SEWING MACHINE. INC. 'Jbid., on dates noted.

of California. 1417 SOUTH STATE ST. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH v:I70.3Eldredge, Zoeth Skinner, History

Hbid., v:172.

5Jenson, Andrew, Church Chronology, 33.

6Smith, Joseph Fielding, Essentials in Church

History, 431.

7Journal History, Ms.. Church Historian's Office,

sManuscript An almost indispensable book Julycit., 4, 1847. May 14, History1847. of the Mormon Battalion, op.

for every L. D. S. Home Library "Smith, op. cit., 410.

10Jenson, op. cit., 33.

"Eldredge, op. cit., v:171172.

12Hinckley, Gordon B. "Gold in '48."

"Roberts, B. H., A Comprehensive History of the GOSPEL STANDARDS Church, 111:360.

By President Heber J. Grant lbid., 111:362.

1GHinckIey, op. cit. quoting James S. Brown.

Every Church home will find that this volume speaks with 17Idem.1&Roberts, op. cit., 111:362.

inspired forcefulness and understandable wisdom. With full Ibid., 111:369.

4-page portrait. *>lbid.. 111:377.

2iHunter, Milton R., Brigham Young, the

73. At your bookstore—$2.25 Colonizer,2aCreer, Leland H. The Founding of an Empire,

262264. 266 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA mmtwmt Goes TO SCHOOL

sparkling beauty of Buehnerquieter. Their attractive appearance IHE

Crete Cast StOlte enhances entrance makes rooms warm and cheerful.

details, window trim and other decThey're easy to clean and maintain.

orative features on many new schools And the new Honetex blocks have a like the Geneva School at Orem, smooth surface that protects youngshown in top photo. It also makes an attractive sters from injury and adds beauty to the buildinterior trim, such as the stage framing of the ing. Best of all, their economy means more muchRosslyn School, in the second picture. needed classroom space at no extra cost.

And you just can't keep BuehfierCrete All these advantages add up to a better buy in masonry units away from schools these days! Buehnercrete blocks are used in classschool and church buildings.

liferooms, halls, and auditorium of the new Rosslyn Low initial cost + 'ow maintenance -f-

School. Their sound absorption makes classrooms time beauty = Buehnetcreie.

OTTO BUEHNER & CO. BUEHNER BLOCK CO.

Units THEBuehner Architectural Cast Stone Concrete Masonry 640 Wilmington Ave. 2800 South West Temple COMPANIES

APRIL 1951 267 (SsjvSvSS&Sv cJLlncoln—and /-eace

and f\epenhepemancezp

RICHARD L. EVANS

'M'o MATTER what perplexing problems we face, it is reassuring, and also somewhat sobering, to look back to the counsel and to the principles and purpose with which others have faced crisis and confusion. With

this in mind, may we turn today to some of the words of Abraham Lincoln, sampled from random sources, and uttered in a time of travail, when a nation was torn and tried and tested: "It is difficult to make a man miserable,"

he said, "while he feels he is worthy of himself and claims kindred to the great God who made him."1 * * * "Human

nature will not change. In any future great national

silly strong, wise, as as as and as and and weak as bad because its trial, compared with the men of this, we shall have as *: * * rashness, of with good."energy and but "Beware

sleepless vigilance go forward... "3 ***"... devoutly

recognizing... Almighty God in all the affairs of men

and nations.... It is the duty of nations as well as of

men to own their dependence upon the overruling power of God, to confess their sins and transgression in humble sorrow... and to recognize the sublime truth... that

'those nations only are blessed whose God is the Lord.'

... We have been the recipients of the choicest bounties

of heaven;... we have grown in number, wealth, and

power... but we have forgotten God. We have forgotten

the gracious hand which preserved us in peace and multimm plied and enriched and strengthened us, and we have vainly imagined... that all these blessings were produced by some superior wisdom and virtue of our own.

Intoxicated with unbroken success we have become too selfsufficient to feel the necessity of redeeming and preserving grace, too proud to pray to the God who made us. It behooves us then, to humble ourselves before the

offended power, to confess our national sins, and to pray for clemency and forgiveness.... All this being done in

sincerity and truth,... rest humbly in the hope, authorized by the divine teachings, that the united cry of the

nation will be heard on high and answered with blessings no less than the pardon of our national sins.... In Witness

Whereof, I have hereunto set my hand and... seal

(Signed) Abraham Lincoln. Thank God for the life

and memory of such men—and for the power of prayer

which there is no peace. Also Solid Pack (Fancy) and repentance—without

BLUE LABEL Each can a choice, premium fillet. Zlke Spoken Word from temple square lightmeat tuna

BROADTHE COLUMBIA KSL AND PRESENTED OVER 11, 1951 SYSTEM, CASTING FEBRUARY VAN CAMP SEA FOOD CO., INC

Terminal Island, California

Address on Colonization to a Deputation of Colored Men, August 14, 1862.

2Response to a Serenade, November 10, 1864.

'Letter to MajorGeneral Joseph Hooker, January 26, 1863.

iExcerpts from Proclamation, March 30, 1863.

268 THE IMPROVEMENT ER*

Sis* K instead of Tl

*9r makes sense to me yjP,S* says Mrs. John Austin of Green Ridge, Pa. 5,1*

I* -alt*

Av

Kv'* Guaranteed it"by,.Good Housekeeping 2j*

!*StwT'iW

"I once thought I needed a special detergent for clothes; another for dishes; a third for enamel and

paint. Then I found FELSO. Now 'one instead of

three'saves shopping time and storage space.

"Best of all,"she says, "my wash is white as snow, withoutmy colorswiping.brightRefrigerator,and gay. Chinastoveandcandglasswoodworksparkle

fairly glisten. FELSO alone does all my washing.

*** "Of course you may quote me. I'm glad to say how

w*;:-:-:,:v.-m-- r -. satisfied I am with white, freepouring FELSO. It's

so pleasantly fragrant, and it leaves my hands soft and smooth. 'One instead of three'makes sense to

me—when that one is allpurpose FELSO."

Reliable Fels and Co. perfected FELSO. It isn't a

soap, but a new, different, allpurpose detergent.

today make FELSO your *sud#mmt

APRIL 1951 Why I Plan to Be Married

in the Temple

{Concluded from page 241) busy thinking about clothes, dates, and the things of youth to bother.

And so I grew up. Oh, if I could

only undo some of the grief and pain I caused my parents in those years. About this time I met Bob,

and despite the conflicts with the promptings of my conscience, I felt nothing mattered but our love for each other. My parents pleaded

with me not to marry him because he had bad habits that would prevent our marriage in the temple. I

really didn't see why they made such a fuss. He promised me that

he would reform after we were married, and we could be married in the temple later.

"And so we were married, and one by one four lovely children came to bless our home. No one

could have asked for a sweeter family. The years went by and Bob

was always going to overcome his bad habits, but he never got around

I realized only the impor- "Had HOTEL to it. UTAH MAX CARPENTER, teachings, parents'of as MANAGER tance my

I do now, how different my life could have been! Today, I see my

children on earth living lives of sin.

Whoever said that when you sin

I Little yourself? only hurt did you

lives that the realize Next trip west, be would touched by my foolish mistakes. I

for eternal happiness, but see the Pacific Coast havechancenot only ruined my own those of my children as well.

"I would like to talk to the youth of today, and say to them, 'You are never too young to live your re"tyPayfyAt ligion. Live up to the teachings

which have been given you. You

are making the biggest mistake of your lives if you do not live worthy

On your next trip to the Coast, plan to combine the beautiful to be married in the temple, for if

Shasta Daylight (PortlandSan Francisco) with famous California Daylights you do not take advantage of this (Los Angeles -San Francisco) and see 1,188 miles of forest, mountain and opportunity, after earth life there is ocean scenery. Luxurious, scenic trains at bargain coach fares. nothing. Be married in the temple,'

I would say, 'Live up to the coveRemember that Southern Pacific's fine, fast Overland Route trains via nants, and you will have endless

Ogden and Reno to San Francisco can be combined with your Daylight joy.

trip plans.

For information and reservations call or write O. V. Gibson, General APRIL FOOLIN'!

Agent, Southern Pacific, 14 South Main Street, Salt Lake City 1.

By Leone E. McCune

Qhe holds new buds in her soft warm hands; dress, In brilliant dashing she stands; green

isn't to clothes? she ready her keep The friendly Southern Pacific But new S*P

it she's in green, tomorrow Today and snows. 270 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA YOU CH YOUR CHURCH NEWS The exclusive "Church Section"published

Wednesday in the Deseret News is for you.

It's a weekly resume in pictures and articles of your Church's activities. Make certain it is in

your home.

Wednesday "Church Section"available by mail subscription outside carrierdelivered areas.

APRIL 1951 (e5v35&5&SvSv5s2

V jo rfew [nncip led RICHARD L EVANS

Tn facing the present and the future we must always draw upon the experiences and the principles of the past. Of course we pass through the limits of this life

only once, but other men have been through before, and things which seem new to us now we shall find, in reviewing history and human experience, are not essentially different from what has been faced before. It is true that there are

new players, new settings and scenery, new weapons and new words, but basically there are no new plots and no new principles. Whether a man faces a battleax or an

atom bomb, whether he is fighting for a cottage or a country or a continent (or a world), whether he steals a dollar or a

Every drop kept whole domain, whether he is a tyrant in his own little town or a tyrant over millions of men, we are still dealing clean in glass... with essentially the same human nature, with the same

fight for freedom, the same desire to dominate, and the

TSTRUE! Fowler tjeats water in same false philosophies opposed to the same eternal

glass to give you cleaner, rustfree hot principles, with the same pleas to people to give up their water for every household need. liberties and to shift their allegiance for promises of the

improbable or the impossible—with the same subtle sug- A FOWLER FIRST... Glasslining is

gestions of something for nothing, and the same appeals the big advancement in water heater engineering that prevents rust and to evils and appetites and excesses. The costumes and

corrosion, regardless of water condithe curtain may be new, but the principles and the basic tions. It is accomplished by bonding problems go right back to the roots—back, no doubt,

smooth, durable porcelain to steel before the world was. There are no new plots; there are no

inside the Fowler tank. This saninew principles. Honor and honesty, modesty and morality,

tary coating keeps water naturally moral courage and brotherly kindness, tolerance and temfresh, always pure. perance, freedom—freedom for the search for truth, freeREAL ECONOMY... dom for the mind and spirit of man, willing work and abWith a Fowler there's horrence of waste, humility and faith before God and

no danger of costly trust in timeless truths—these are still among the essentank decay due to tials that must go into the making of the safety and soundrust. The problem of ness of our future. And in spite of new players, new

frequent tank rewords, and new weapons, we must still look to the past placement ceases to for the principles that will preserve us in the present and exist when you switch the future. And that we shall reap as we sow is more

to Fowler. certain than that we shall receive from an adding machine

Fowler measures up.developed the sum of the figures we feed into it.

to all your requireby FOWLER

for lowcost ments TEMPLE SQUARE FROM Word yhe Spoken water automatic BROADCOLUMBIA heatPRESENTED AND THE OVER KSL ing. For convenience, CASTING SYSTEM, FEBRUARY 18, 1951

dependability and Copyright. 1951

years of service, FOWLER IS THE ONE TO BUY!

See Fowler at your dealer's ROCK ROOTED or write for full information. By Francis Pryor

Also manufacturer of ttfnn FOWLER GAS WATER HEATERS TJow much of beauty and of lasting And laurel, growing where the wild sheep * * worth, flock, When one stops for a moment to take Are rooted in the granite of the earth!

stock, And human folk with granite in their

Has sprung from seed that lodged upon blood, the rock Seeking more elbowroom for spirits proud, their cities pace hurried with the birth! Beyond of the as a place boulder chose Or

it solitude, desert in a found Have its antlered parries that pine with The cried hills green, of and by GuardedELECTRIC HEATER WATER girth aloud. FOWLER MANUFACTURING COMPANY the is lightning tempest the daggered The This and they home: come had Knowing Portland 2545 S. E. Gladstone 2, Oregon

shock, place!

272 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA..

TAILORED

TO YOUR NEEDS It may seem hard to believe... but under General

America's modern method of insurance coverage, you can have the protection of many insurance policies combined into ONE.

General's Householder's ultraPolicy will protect you against loss of personal possessions or liability arising from acciIf you cannot conveniently locate a

General America Agent, further indents on your property, in your car—at or away from home. And

this unique insurance can be written to suit your particular needs. formation about this plan may be

obtained by writing General America

Companies, Salt Lake City Branch,

This Complete ONE POLICY Protection Can Include: Excelcis Building, 8 West Second South

burglary and theft insurance. Street.

Insurance on household goods and personal possessions.

automobile insurance.

liability insurance including automatic payment of $500 hospital and medical for each person injured on your property or in your car.

Householder's ultraPolicy offers the added advantages of ONE low premium..

ONE expiration date... and ONE organization with which to deal

(This is not intended as a complete description of this insurance plan. For full details, see your General America Agent.)

General Insurance Company of America ST,*

First National Insurance Co. of America

General Casualty Company of America

H.K.DENT, Pres. HOME OFFICE: SEATTLE, WASHINGTON

APRIL 1951 273 BERKELEY STAKE GIVES VOCATIONAL GUIDANCE AND

TRAINING TO ITS OUORM MEMBERS NOLIQUOR ThemitteeMelchizedekof the BerkeleyPriesthood(Calicom- rectThisresponsibilityprogram wasof madethe personalthe difornia) Stake is doing much towelfare committee of the various TOBACCO ward improving the economic standquorums. Some very successful reards of its quorum members. Under sults have been obtained in this

the direction of this committee, program where members leaving Louumn

Elders Ira J. Markham and Willard their ward or vicinity inform their

E. Ellis have organized an effective bishop they are leaving and, if it

vocational guidance and assistance is necessary to seek new employprogram. ment, request permission to use the

Of the twenty thousand people bishop's name as a character referConducted bV who come to California each month, ence. If the member has had the

many are from small agricultural standard vocational interest and communities where growth in popuaptitude tests and has been given JZ3r. Aoiepk T. em

lation and availability of land limits special vocational training prior to their economic possibilities, so they his departure, much valuable time is move to large industrial areas seeksaved in seeking employment in his ing employment. new location, and better positions DRAFTING 18YEAR OLDS

This change from a small comwith higher wages have resulted.

munity to the large industrial areas 'HThe question of drafting 18year- his in location, arrival new Upon services is a the for armed olds adjustment a major andmeans priestthe regular attend should he debated. is widely live and one very socialbrings and economic many

his meeting meet hood and new problems. bishop and quorum president. If it is

is that one thing Church The this does within the stake where DEBT: program GETTING OUT OF

stabilizprovides anot and change is in operation, president the new income How to increase ing influence to those who remain introduces him to the vocationJob analysis active in church work when they al adviser. The vocational adviser, Use of selfrating family financial

come to the larger cities. having a knowledge of employtest

In seeking ways of helping these ment opportunities in the area, Establishing and operating a famnew members become adjusted, the either directs him to the place where ily budget

Berkeley Stake Melchizedek Priestjobs are available or arranges to Situations which lead to debt hood committee found among their give him a personal introduction to PURCHASING OR RENTING active stake members many leaders the employment supervisor of the A HOME:

in industry, business, and educafirm which may become his future Advantages in owning a home tion who were willing and eager to employer. These vocational advisers Things to consider in purchasing

be of assistance. These men are in are usually foremen or supervisors a home

a position to give valuable assistance who know what the industrial or Most favorable time to purchase a through counsel and also in opening business firms expect in an employee home the way for job opportunities. Memand who can continue to act in an Economic advantages of renting

bers of the stake who are experts in advisory capacity until the adjustPROTECTION AGAINST the field of vocational counseling ment to the new job is complete. RISKS:

also their services. offered etc. insurance, risks, Covering

is also for'the reguThis program is Realizing that at his best a individual can protect the man How of the quorums members who his at best risk he is doing against he lar whatwhen to or desire dislocated immay be effort best,can do the an Assistance be exwhich is made may their situations. to prove Such memquali- sources adetermine is best various what pected from man bers are given vocational guidance

fied to do before he is recommended and assistance in procuring employPENSIONS:

aptitudefor a job. Vocational in employand of change Hazards ment or improving their present eminterest tests are given, if necessary. of age forty years ment after ployment.

This is followed with counsel and Making choice of vocation and advice during the first few months To assist all quorum members to training before becoming forty on the job and such assistance as improve their status, this program SELECTING YOUR VOCAwill assure a harmonious adjustprovides for counsel, instruction, TION:

ment. and assistance in such things as: Personal survey

274 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

On the whole the Latterday Saints sections of the country from Maine to news and editorial themes involving are cold—at least cool—to the proposiCalifornia in which the menace of the liquor.

tion. Yet they are very loyal to the liquor traffic is being fearlessly pointed 12. Remarkably wellattended World

flag that protects them and will not out. WCTU Convention at Hastings, Enghesitate to a moment representative with from people defend it—even thoroughly doculand, sharp and A

lives, necessary.with j:heir when different countries fortyone around of challenge the dangerously Then mented3.

why are they cold? For many reasons, misleading antitemperance philosophy the world.

of the important which mostamong ably School, exposed is of the Yale by 13. evidence of Worldwide a new

life influence military the ofthe upon historian research Gordon, and Ernest in prohibition spreading movement life spiritual boy! of themoral At and distinction. of international student India Asiatic other and and European

isthis tender inexperienced he and age more or less unsettled in fixed stand- 4. Increasing support of scientific, countries.

ards of living. medical, and social authorities in the 14. Increasing interest in the subliquor the denial of challenge and stitution for alcoholic of nonalcoholic

these respects important In some is claim that alcoholism a disease, for social occasions, and beverages, sparked different are standards veryChurch the cause of alcoholthat is not alcohol in SwitzerGermany, by Europeans higher those thanand commonly much ism. land, France. England, even and

is in the Unchastity heldobserved.

Church to be one of the most grievous 5. A new high in widespread sup15. A new and enthusiastic acceptsins that mortals commit. Total abport of the fight against liquor adance of abstinence as a basic principle

stinence from the consumption of narvertising; pace set by record attendance of success, deserving intensive study

cotics, especially alcoholic beverages and enthusiasm at the Langer Bill and instruction by outstanding high and tobacco, is asked of all Church hearings before the United States school and college athletes.

members. If all the armed services Senate Committee on Interstate and 16. The widest possible disseminawould do everything feasible to protect Foreign Commerce, in Washington, tion of factual revelations of liquor's

their boys from coming in contact January 12, 13, 14, 1950. dangerous part in perverting congreswith loose women and all kinds of 6. The addition of a wealth of new sional and diplomatic counsels, which

narcotics, a considerable part of the testimony against the liquor traffic on has defeated all attempts to suppress opposition among the Latterday Saint the part of scientists, businessmen, eduthe truth in these regards.

people to drafting 18year-olds would cators, and women's groups. 17. Presentation of the new powerofvanish. point from But any view film, ful Circle,"Vicious "The challenges 7. Factual WCTU showdown

that putting suggestsa situation timely visualization of a and dynamic liquor's completely explode 18which fighting intoyearold uniforms boys liquor faces problem, the as America advertising increase that claim not does is It critical bad. very would and it today. sales. liquor

if civilized arise nationsnever and men 18. of vivid uninsample what A 8. liquor's of Despite high new wise, reasonable, hube andwould

timidated accourage can WCTU careful expenditures, "hush money"mane. war is wicked An aggressive complish in at first led a community, analysis than 2,500 importhat more the highestto degree. tant publications with a total circulasinglehanded by a WCTU president,

of the grip broke a gamblingissue, that exceeding 110,000,000 an THE LESSON OF 1950 tion long the booze ring which had cowed alcoholic refuse beverage to accept any

Summing up the year one realizes advertising. Macon,citizens ofGeorgia.a thriving southern city

thethat progress since been has made of liquor's 9. Complete breakdown 19. complete of inadequacy The to scandals unSkid began be light of in the lying marpropaganda, Row "rehabilitation"Yale efforts—AA, in 1949. unevadablecovered are There revealing data, shalled permanent, Clinic, the solve drink probetc.—to light liquor to thatevidences coming thirteenbenefits the of nationwide lem, has dramatically been broughtdissipation demoralization are and prohibition 19201933 period, year into for the by, the open example,

in highest partplaying administhe a repeal's benefits so that great even apelaborate dedication of fullyequipped a circlestrative executive of our and still falls palling short to date record clinic of public for alcoholics in Conlife.civic of crime, liquor's preprohibition peak necticut, fifty beds whose "endowed"

This has proved, to those who see drunkenness, and alcoholic consumpwere in tragic contrast to the total of clearly the menace of the liquor traffic tion. fifty thousand acknowledged alcoholics

and its spreading pestilence among our 10. The roster of Langer Bill opin that state alone.

potential the presentyouth and and exception, a shows, ponents with one first completion the of 20. The crucial of the America,motherhood roll of witnesses percent hundred one of the decade Frances E. Willard of arousing nationwideneed a from trade, liquor of representing or the for Alcoholic Library Memorial Rethe indifference lethargy induced and their threat fearing to groups some search, celebrated openhouse an by liquor propaganda.by profitable finanor advertising income,

its exhibit of possesso-farachieved

This is the great lesson of the year cial relations with the trade. sion and classification of more than

1950 for those who are alert to ap- 1 1 New evidence of public interest four thousand volumes and nearly as praise the dangers that threaten Amerin the temperance cause shown in the many more documents covering the ica from within, far more than the increasing prominence given by daily entire field of the alcohol problem.

potential devastation of atom bomb and weekly papers of the country to 21. The growing demand for "Where outside. hostile sourcesattacks from

Prayer and Purpose Meet,"published

Some outstanding developments of in 1949, the unique, historic, warmthe temperance cause for the year Brigham Young says: The blessings hearted narrative of the Woman's

1950: of food, sleep, and social enjoyment Christian Temperance Union's first

his for glory are ordained of and God increased nationwide and 1. A new seventyfive years, E. Helen Mrs. by

it is benefit, learn to for us and ouremphasis the basis for upon moral at the Tyler. Introduced Philadelphia that them, not use to abuse and themabstinence prohibition. and it Convention, 1949, August has bethe his advance Kingdom on may

2. An amazing nationwide arousing earth, and we advance in it* come a steadily growing "best seller,"of evangelistic fervor sweeping whole—J* D* 6:149.—The Union Signal

APRIL 1951 275 Celebrating the Anniversary of the Restoration of the Aaronic Priesthood 'rTfHE one hundred and twentysecond programs or activities should not exprepared for the Presiding Bishopric anniversary of the restoration of tend into the Sabbath day. The sacraby Luacine Clark Fox. Reliable inthe Aaronic Priesthood will be obment meeting on Sunday, May 13, is formation indicates that a number of

served in stakes and wards Saturday set aside for reminding the memberwards did not present the narrative and Sunday, May 1213, 1951. Stakes ship of the Church that the Aaronic for one reason or another. It is,

having quarterly conferences on these Priesthood was conferred upon Joseph therefore, recommended that wards in dates will kindly observe this anniSmith and Oliver Cowdery, May 15, which "The Morning Breaks"was not versary the preceding or following 1829, by the resurrected John the presented in 1950 in commemoration week, as desired. Baptist. of the restoration of the Aaronic

Saturday, May 12, is included to The anniversary plans for last year Priesthood, make immediate preparaprovide opportunities to stakes and recommend the presentation of the nartions for such presentation during the wards for conducting outdoor activirative "The Morning Breaks."The sacrament meeting May 13, 1951.

ties as may be desired locally. Outdoor narrative, with appropriate music, was Those to participate in the presentation include a good reader (narrator),

a chorus of Aaronic Priesthood members and young women of corresponding ages, Aaronic Priesthood chorister and organist. The narrative is within

easy reach of the smallest ward or branch. No staging or lighting effects

are necessary. In fact, it is suggested

the presentation be made in the chapel.

Copies of the narrative are available at the Presiding Bishopric's Office without charge. However, care should

be exercised in ordering, as follows:

one copy each for the narrator, chorister, and organist; and one copy

for each three members of the chorus.

No other material is needed since the pamphlet includes full instructions for the presentation, which requires forty minutes. When ordering, please specify "The Morning Breaks."

Program for Sacrament Meeting Sunday, May 13, 1951

In wards where the narrative "The

Morning Breaks"was presented last year, the following program is recommended for the sacrament meeting

May 13 to be conducted by the bishopric commemorating the restoration of the Aaronic Priesthood:

"% PreliminaryThe theme: Priesthoodmusic: Byandmemberthe homeor

mMe#amg<$ M&$/M>/{m$ members of the Aaronic Priesthood stringed, organ, or piano music 1. Opening song—"Love At Home"—Aaronic Priesthood Choruses,

p. 72; by Aaronic Priesthood or

youth chorus 2. Invocation—A deacon

3. Sacrament song—"Kind Words

Are Sweet Tones of the Heart"Aaronic Priesthood Choruses, p.

81; by Aaronic Priesthood or

t/mffleXordwrMfe&us/refs.* youth chorus

4. Administration of the sacrament

by Aaronic Priesthood members 276 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

(-repared dia <JLee J4. jalt,met*

Adult Members A Challenging Record

Think it Over You and the Lord It is infinitely easier to save

Working Together the boy than to retrieve—L. A.theP. man,

"Vou and the Lord working together what a wonderful partnership!

That combination is invincible. SucWard Teaching

cess is inevitable when the Lord is at your side. Recognizing and Overcoming

Ward group advisers, do you pray for the Lord to go with you before Indifference visits adult to assigned yourmaking indifferis said about today TUTuch RALPH Priesthood, of the Aaronicmembers discuss it, but ence. Many few MACKAY alone? pray youor do you go Do

it. define it withaccept people Most families their these brethrenwith and

as you visit them in their homes, or out concern and pass it off as a weakdo you thoughtlessly take for granted ness of only minor importance. A

that you can win their allegiance withdefect so potentially powerful cannot out the Lord's help? be dismissed so lightly. Indifference is

a teacher in the TaylorsGod does not impose himself upon notsins, aanysingleone orfailing,combinationbut a familyof whichof "Dalph, now any of us, but he awaits anxiously for is capable of producing imperfection of ville First Ward, North Jordan us to extend an invitation for his help. character and spiritual disintegration. (Utah) Stake, was ordained a deacon

The great revelations and manifestaSince most ward teachers are conin March 1947 and has had a perfect tions of the past have come as the fronted with the problem of indifferattendance record at priesthpod meetresult of humble prayers. It is not ence, each one should become familiar ing, Sunday School, and Y.M.M.I.A.

likely that anyone ever received a with the elements of which this desince his ordination. had there Ralph hastestimony is more: But

is of the gospel who did not structive assist vice composed. To at Sunrecord attendance perfectpray for it. evil, a in his this analysis of the teacher

The job of winning the souls of men the following is a list of those things day School for the past eleven years.

to the way of salvation is such a great which contribute to its growth: There is still more: Ralph was born

thirteenth the and became Friday on a responsibility the in and problems interest of in things spiritual 1 Lack Friof thirteen years age on another with it are challengingconnection so 2. feeling religion that bears The thirteenth. the daythat never attempt it without we should life relation little or to one's no

the help of the Lord. 3. Loss of ability to make proper

What a thrilling experience it is to appraisal of true values 8. Selfishness

have your thinking and teaching guided 4. The disposition to give equal 9. Unresponsiveness to the call of

by your unseen companion and the rights to truth and error service.

hearts of those whom you teach made 5. A sense of superiority or a feelIn order for ward teachers to combat

receptive and hungry by his spirit! ing of inferiority with little or no the effects of the foregoing maladies,

Whether you visit singly or by pairs, middle ground between the two the following suggestions are made to invite the Lord to go with you. Seek extremes assist in overcoming indifference:

his help through humble prayer. Do 6. A neutral attitude 1. Develop that kind of faith that,

not go alone. 7. Lack of sympathy by example, leads others to good

works 2. Have an understanding of man's

5. Vocal duet: "Just A Boy"—10. How the priesthood will assist relationship to deity with the

Aaronic Priesthood Choruses, p. me in the establishment of my ability to explain clearly to others

33 own home through temple marthe obligations that rest on them 6. A brief review of the restoration riage—a priest, five minutes in gaining salvation of the Aaronic Priesthood—the 11. Three ways in which a father 3. Stimulate appreciation for values

general secretary, five minutes may assist his son in honoring that endure by being able to 7. recognize and defend truth a boy honors his father and How the

his priesthood—a father, five min- 4. humility through Cultivate mother honoring the utes

teacher, five minpriesthood—a while not

utes 12. Why we need the priesthood in yieldinging of inferiorityto an unwarranted feeladult member of 5. Demonstrate the joys that come 8. Three ways in which a mother our home—an

may assist her son in honoring the Aaronic Priesthood, five minto those who have compassion utes the unfortunate for the priesthood—a mother, five 13. minutes to give equal consideration Closing song: "Angry Words! 6. Learn

9. Vocal solo: "Priesthood of God"Oh Let Them Never"—Aaronic to the righteous desires of others

Priesthood Choruses, p. 70 while seeking the realization of—Aarorac Priesthood Choruses,

p. 18 14. Benediction: a teacher. your own.

APRIL 1951 277 Hope for the Future Supreme {Continued from page 236)

The Prophet Joseph Smith certainly 'putty rfufomatte developed through a similar seWATER SOFTENER! quenceChurch ofwasevents.organized,Shortlythe afterProphet,the

as recorded in the twentyfourth section of the Doctrine and Covenants, was admonished to be patient in afflictions, for he would have many. The strength (ripeness of character) which these afflictions, suffered patiently, developed into, might well be illustrated

by a few lines from the Prophet's letter to the Church written from

Liberty Jail, December 16, 1838:

... a sweet little

brethren, that think our Dear do not picture taker faint, thing hearts strange as though some had happened unto us, for we have seen—ready to shoot

and been assured of all these things beanytime forehand, and have an assurance of a better hope than that of our persecutors. CAMERA $6.95

Therefore, God hath made broad our shoulders for the burden. We glory in our FLASHOLDER 3.65

tribulation, because we know that God Prices inc. Fed. Tax

is with us, that He is our friend, and that Mail orders promptly filled

He will save our souls. (D. H. C. 111:227.)

NOT 50%, NOT 75%, Our Prophet's hopefulness was PHOTO

BUT 100% no thermometer: trouble, endurfe MATERIALS CO.

AUTOMATIC OPERATION! ance, character, and then hope! 27 West So Temple Ph.3-1404

We cannot doubt that our early SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

Church leaders learned endurance, not amid easy situations, but in adversity; then, meeting adverse conLow priced—budget terms. characterditions withandendurance,became thetheykindbuiltof

See it today! men who confront hopefully even

FIELDING MODERNIZING CO. desperate circumstances. Brigham

153 East 3rd South Young exemplified to a high degree

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH this hope held high, even in adverse circumstances. Joining the Church

in April 1832, he entered enthuREGENERATES WHILE JOU SLEEP! siastically into the ministry and asin sisted building several branches RIGHT! TVfateK SemiAutomatic Manually and Operated in state. York Then he went New there is nothing For gifts Models Also Available Bible National or finerNew thanTesta-a steadfast stood the with and West Fabrikoid. in white beautifulment bound

Saints throughout their persecutions. No. 122W—Bible for young people. Gold

In 1837 in Kirtland, Ohio, for examillustrations;edges; easy topresentationread type; page;helps silkand

ple, he was forced to flee the city bookNo. 63PW—Newmark. Testament with Psalms.

where apostates had threatened to Ambertation page.edges; white marker and presenSEND YOUR FRIENDS destroy him because he continued to No. 46PW—New Testament with Psalms.

AT HOME OR ABROAD proclaim publicly that Joseph Smith page;Limp silkcovers;marker.gold edges; presentation

was a prophet of the Most High and had not, as the apostates deAT YOUR, BOOKSTORE

IMPROVEMENT clared, transgressed and fallen. The

desperate circumstances Brigham

BELOVED KING JAMES VERSION ERST Youngtaking theencounteredreins of Churchshortlyleaderafter national bibles

One of the great Church ship as President of the Council of

Saints'with the Twelve, expulmagazines of the World the Indexes for Volume 53 of sion in midwinter from Nauvoo and their subsequent movement west THE IMPROVEMENT ERA $2.50 a year $3.00 foreign to the Rocky Mountains, cannot be are available at

denied. Outcasts from "civiliza50 North Main St., Salt Lake City 1

278 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA tion,"with little to eat and little to wear, with few expressions of sympathy and even less help extended in their direction, it was only natural that the Saints would be despondent at times. The great

strength and hopefulness of President Young constantly served to cheer and strengthen them. The

song "Come, Come, Ye Saints,"which he requested William Clayton to write, is a living expression of this hopefulness.

In times like these today, it is of vital moment that we go deep into what the future holds for us and PORTABLE IRRIGATION SYSTEMS what we do with it. To fill it either Here is the modern and scientific method to successfully

with despair or with superficial optiirrigate any type of land or crops at the very lowest cost.

mism is fatal—despair

There is NO Substitute for SHURRANE quality and rugged designsuperficial optimism collapses—butruins us, and

to fill it with the kind of hope EQUIPPED WITH RAIN BIRD SPRINKLER HEADS reached by Paul's route is creative.

Always it has been men and women amid towering difficulties who have thebeen possessors of real hope and have the shaken E.C. L %VComjoatuH i—& of world out

AT:its lethargy. These are the leaders FARM MAIN OFFICE: BRANCHES

PROVO CITY LAKE SALT OGDEN to lack seem today sowe need and 585 SO. 2nd WEST 429 SO. 1st WEST PHONE 5558 AND ORCHARD 375 31st ST.badly of our local in many naand

tional offices of state. DISTRIBUTOR OF THESE WELLKNOWN LINES

Irrigation Systems Portable ShurRane Neumours SUPPLIES E. I. Du Pont de & Co.

Co. Hope is not the superficial byCo. Dow Chemical Chemical California Spray Shell Chemical Co.

product of favorable circumstances;

it springs from a man's character,

is, hefrom what cares about, and in,believes all else NO GRIT TO CLOG and underneath from his conviction deep that God lives has his and last SPRAY NOZZLES not spoken word on any subject. Give us

enough men and women of such character, and nothing is impossible.

I refuse to give up hope. Reversing the old saying, we might state RAIN BIRD

that "While there is hope there is life."Thomas Jefferson stated it Sprinklers

this way in his Literary Bible: Their even distribution of

water and faultless operation 'Tis hope supports each noble flame assure increased production 'Tis hope inspires poetic lays. at lower costs on row crops, pasTrie dependable and uniform

Our heroes fight in hopes of fame, ture, orchard or garden. finenessLime plusofits SnowflakehighcalciumHydratedeffici-

hydration, has complete and midwest's the SnowflakeAnd poets write in hopes of praise. encymade

She sings sweet songs of future outstanding orchardspray lime.

years, TREMENDOUS orchardUse it andwithgardenconfidencespraying.inYourall

building material dealer has localAnd dries the tears of present sorSAVINGS!WATER it in stock.

row, Write Today Bids doubting mortals cease their For Complete Details.

fears, ASH GROVE And tells them of a bright tomorrow.

RAIN BIRD Sprinkler Mfg. Co. H YD RATED LIME

GLENDORA, CALIFORNIA Alike in personal and public affairs, the most resounding triumphs PALESTINECOLOR SLIDESARCHAEOLOGICAL2x2 YUCATAN,ruins,PERU,scenesEGYPT,and @o4totme4ever earth Mayas, on won have been won carvings of Ancient in thoseby whom, Incas, etc. * fa twenty by grace, LIST God's FREE

trouble produced endurance, and CHROMETTESendurance character, and character, Blvd. 2601 W. Olympic CO. SALT LAKE COSTUME

Los 6, California Angeleshope, 3-1031 St., Salt So. Main Lake City - Dial 248

APRIL 1951 279 I Met a Veteran (Concluded from page 237)

interest. EVERYBODY GETS arousedus. He myhad,admirationin this andbrief space,

I wanted more of his philosophy.

INTO THE ACT! aAsfurtherwe pulledquestion:to the curb,"I takeI venturedit you

are a religious man?"

Yes, even the youngsters decisive.His answer"Yes,againI amwasa quickChristian.and

play a big part in publishing It's study and contemplation that has been my greatest help."His

The Salt Lake Tribune... voice was eager and clear. "You

and The Tribune is proud to know,present thecoldbasicwar questionwith Russiain ouris have them as "staff memthe everpresent Christian principle of the freedom of a man's soul. For

bers."the good of all humanity, it must

win. This is America's greatest

responsibility, and with it, its greatMore than 200 students in elemenest opportunity. We will not fail

tary and junior high schools, workit.

ing under competent adult guidBy this time the stranger was ance, are editors and reporters for much more than a guide, and to me

The Tribune's popular "School much more than a veteran. His fine

News and Views"column, which language, his keen and alert mind, features school activities and programs in stories written entirely by his tolerance, and loyal patriotism students themselves. And, whether to his native land, together with

these young journalists pursue the his optimism and mature faith had newspaper trade or study in other stirred me deeply. It wasn't that

fields, the experience they gain he was a veteran or had been "working"for The Tribune teaches wounded severely in action. There

them selfreliance, industriousness are many of those. It was his fine

and pride in accomplishment. understanding, his zeal for living,

his sense of proportion, his confidence in the future that stirred me.

Here was a man whom you might "Tep'itqr I expect to be pessimistic, belligerent, and downcast. He had entered the

service at the call of his country and lost almost all that a normal man Another reason why it's claims as his right: his health, a

happy married life, and the freeThe Salt Lake Tribune tereddom ofnoenterprise;malice, noandgrudge,yet he fosand

One of America's Great Newspapers most of all, was asking no pity.

He gave me my final directions, pointing with his unsteady hand to the Union Building a few blocks away. We left him at the curb.

He wished us good luck and gave

HiBURNED OUT// eachI haveof theresolved,kiddiesif timea kindever word.takes

me again to Tacoma, that I will

REALLY MEANS BURNED OUT TODAY drive to Point Defiance and then retravel along the same route just

A fire may mean you are out of a place to live with to renew, in my imagination at tremendous added expense before you find another. least, my acquaintance with this

Let us explain your need for ample insurance to model of American manhood. I

cover today's higher values. never can forget his fine face, his

kindly tolerance, his mellow simUTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY plicity,a physicalor hisdeformity.mental victoryThese overare

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agent, Salt Lake City the qualities by which a man lives.

Here was a Real Veteran, 280 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Extra EnergyBreakfast

IIOLDEN TABLE QUEEN toast makes an extra energy, extra delicious breakfast, just the thing for a good day's start.

A good breakfast is important because it follows the longest foodless period of your day. Table Queen toast helps to

replace the energy burned up in this interval. Another

reason why breakfast is important is that you usually do your hardest work during the morning hours. Table Queen toast

at breakfast will help in this productive period.

ROYAL BAKING COMPANY SALT LAKE AND OGDEN

and Window a NutfAME I *%m?mmm

m m. why put up with Both?

TENSION Window Screens End Both Nuisances...

When you install RYLOCKs...in a few minutes, from the

inside... that's the end of your window screen problems.

No more frames to paint, no more fitting to take up slack (the clever tensioning device does that). No more stains on your

house (the aluminum does not rust or corrode). No more window washing problem (just unfasten them at the bottom with

your fingers). No more storage problems if you want to take

them down (just roll them up).

RYLOCKs cost no more... last years longer!

COMPANY LTD.

2485 Washington Avenue San Leandro, California

Manufactured under RYLOCK patents and sold in the eastern states under the trade name "DURALL"

APRIL 1951 281 Sam Brannan and the Sad Years

(Continued from page 234) of the niche in destiny he might have occupied had not greed and rebellion removed him from the councils of the faithful. Silently,

first with hate, then with envy, he had listened to their enthusiastic description of the colonies the

Church was planning for Mexico.

Sam had talked no land sales to those walking elders.

The report made by the elders of their visit with Sam Brannan, published later in the Desetet News,,. see TrlState for ways had mentioned no reconciliation. It

had stated that the once favored to build a better home leader of the California Saints was at a downto-earth cost living in "squalid penury and wretchedness."

Sam's legal maneuvers to get the

JLCpQMS'New plans by the score are awaiting you Mexican government to extend his at TriState. Livable, modern designs that are right to survey for patent another

two years was successful, but news soundly engineered for value and convenience. of it came like an anticlimax to a

tragedy already acted out to curJLVjLCllCf*TCll$Y Stocks at present are adequate for tain fall.

almost any requirement... and all of the finest Finally came another desperate

illness so violent he quality. We can assure you of our full cooperaillness—an would have welcomed back the

tion in supplying your needs from start to finish. Mormon elders and been grateful

for the "laying on of hands"he

JblflClflClflQ'.'We are familiar with all the new oncehis priesthood.had practisedBut inthetheeldersofficewereof

credit restrictions and will be glad to advise and not present, and only a few Ameriassist you in arranging for financing. can residents, principally the John

Ricketson family, could be depended on to look occasionally into the mud hut and take stock of the dying land promoter whose fierce eyes were such contrast to his gray

L If M c a

GOING SOMEWHERE? PROFITABLE DAYS

Let us arrange your business Whether or pleasure—travel AHEAD FOR Anywhere in the world—And at NO COST TO YOU—AGENTS FOR ALL QUISH

Principal Air Carriers GRADUATES and Steamship Lines Capitalize on QUISH training nowl a itinerary Writ for free competent beautician You'll whenbe trip and costs on any prograduated. QUISH

vides technical with you KK.S. you may be planning—

skill and knowledge gained ENROLL in 25 SEND FOR NOW UNIVERSAL TRAVEL FREE TODAY! years.CATALOG Saint The continued news of successful Latterday

border scarcely over the in colonization Chihuahua, OF SCHOOL SERVICE to like chant Sam a Sonora, was mocking from BEAUTY HOTEL TEMPLE SQUARE in 331 defeat. a Like bees Brannan's Mexican SOUTHCULTUREMAIN own

City Salt Lake Phone 5-6215 with a colonizers hive, worked these Mormon singleness of purpose and a determined frugality.

282 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

hair and pale face. Sam was certhe end.tain this was To these Plastic Sacrament Set his NEW DRIPLESS friends he dictatedfew white

last will and testament: with AUTOMATIC LOCKING folding handles

In the name of God, Amen!

1. I bequeath and give to my son,

Samuel Brannan, one dollar, and to my oldest daughter Adelaide Brannan, one dollar, my third and youngest.daughter

Lizzie Brannan, one dollar. The reason

that I bequeath so small a sum is that I gave their mother at the time of my divorce from her a large fortune of over one half millions of dollars and she took charge of the children and alienated them from me and I since learned that she squandered it away in gambling and mining stocks, which I am sorry to hear.

2. I give and bequeath to John Ricketson, now residing in Guaymas, one half

of all my property in New Guaymas or

Point Arena, Mexico, in Block No. 9. The

other half to Alexander Badlam, Junior, my nephew....

3. To share and share alike, in one half

to each of my ten Mexican claims of land and railroad franchise or moneys....

4. They, Ricketson and Badlam, paying

all my honest debts and my funeral expenses, to be levied on my property in Here is the long needed ideal Sacrament Set that practically eliminates

Block 9, Guaymas, Mexico, they to prosethe problems of inconvenience of dripping water and excessive storage space.

cute all of these claims against Mexico, not paid.

SAMUEL BRANNAN1 Set consists of 2 pieces, a bread and water tray, in beautiful appearing

Dated: June 28, 1883. plastic (choice of Crystal or Milk White)

John Ricketson, who after the Note the large sturdy handles (all handles are Crystal) that automatically

Sonoran debacle had taken Brannan lock in place. Handles fold down, out of the way, when not in use; requiring

into business association with him in an unsuccessful promotion of a only 1/3 the space of old type sets.

new townsite near the gray and decaying Guaymas, now removed Water trays feature a special rim around each individual cup opening as the sick and morbidly unhappy Sam well as around outer edge of tray. This practically eliminates inconvenience

to his home. Responding to this of dripping water. This is a special patented feature.

friendly care, old Sam eventually gained a measure of health. Since there are not water stains or condensation, Sets are easier to clean

He even made one more attempt and keep clean.

to get the Sonora venture back on wheels, but its failure proved ORDER FOR YOUR WARD TODAY... Sets available at the

the end of Sam's striving toward Salt Lake City—or Order Direct fromthat particular dream of wealth. Presiding Bishop's Office—

Bancroft tells that as late as 1885 THE PLASTICAL COMPANY—405 Centinela Ave., Inglewood, California.

Sam Brannan was still living in

Guaymas, but a sorry wreck physically and financially. 2 A year later,

completely discouraged, he journeyed north to Arizona and finally to San Diego in search of the health which dissipation and age had stolen from him.

And like a mocking chant to his

Mexican defeat was the continued news of colonization by Latterday

Saints successful almost in the very regions for which he had hoped so much and gained so little. In Chihuahua, scarcely over the border

from Sonora, the Saints already (Continued on following page)

a Pettus collection of Brannan papers.

Bancroft, Pioneer Register, p. 728.

APRIL 1951 283 Sam Brannan and the Sad Years (Continued from preceding page) had three wellpopulated and thriving young cities. Colonia Diaz had

risen like a promoter's dream on seven thousand acres purchased through Minister Gomez del Campo* Negotiations were being concluded by the Church for an additional twentyeight thousand acres of this rich valley land. On

the Piedras Verdes River, Colonia

Juarez was the new and thriving

Church community on forty thousand choice acres. On a seventyTravel Relaxed! thousandacreGrandes Valley, tractColoniain DublanCasas

projected, three and in Chicommunities Go the Way of the wasmore alreadyMormon huahua were in the planning stage.

As to Sonora, and what the Zephyrs Saints were planning for it, Sam could only close his eyes in despair.

to Omaha - Chicago - or Fort Worth - Dallas Alongside his own hopeless grant up the very headwaters of the Yaqui

You enjoy the utmost in travel pleasures when you go so feared by his American surthe way of the Zephyrs—smooth, effortless speed... veyors, colonists, and even Mexi-

. comfortable airconditioning.. delicious meals.. deepSaints cans were themselves—the cushioned reclining seats in coaches... private or room. for preparing courageously two

standard berth in sleeping cars. cities—Oaxaca and Colonia MorelTO CHICAGO, direct from os. In San Diego Sam endeavored

Salt Lake City aboard the VistaDome California Zephyr. to set himself up as a real estate

Leave at 5:40 any morning... enjoy daylight VistaDome agent. With money wheedled out

views of the scenic Rockies... arrive Denver 7:00 that evenof his nephew, Alexander Badlam,

ing, 4:55 Omaha am, Chicago 1:30 the afternoon. next if Or, of lettercrop Jr., he had a new prefer to you spend time in some ride Denver, the Denver printed. handbills heads and And

. from Zephyr the milehigh city.. leaving at 4:00 pm,

in into this venture he ran headon arriving 1:10 Omaha am, Chicago 9:05 am.

the same failure which for years

TO TEXAS, ride the had so persistently trailed him.

texas Zephyr. Leave Denver 12:30 pm, arrive Fort Worth From San Diego he moved his

6:00 am, Dallas 7:15 am. Direct connecting service arrives real estate tent to Escondido, a Houston 1:35 extra travel pm. For enjoyment... travel the village subdivision to the north. of the Zephyrs Way Extra Fare.! No

Ever and always the promoter, Sam

H. J. WALT HER, General Agent immediately began seeing dozens of

218 Kearns Building Burlington opportunities for making money

Phone: 3-6465 provided there was a little money

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH with which to make it. And enough

money did come into his possession, enough to enable him to make that last historic visit to his beloved San

Francisco, and to gain a landholding in the new subdivision.

zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz On Sam's return to Escondido he enthusiastically set up tent and flags on his little tract. Again he

was defeated. Property failed to

sell as he had visioned.

Next he conceived the idea of farming his acres, of setting the land out to fig trees. From then on

he wore a path between the tent on his acres and the attic which sheltered his bed in the little house belonging to Magdalena Moraga, a 284 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Mexican widow, and her brood.

Diligently and courageously he labored to make his modest farming finest a success.venture

of time and deeds sepaStorage A worldrated the fierceeyed old cripple, Fur dressed in sombrero and cotton pajamalike costume of the Mexican the W*paisano, from the sleek and sure in millionaire of the San Francisco days.

A land rush into Sonora, he saw now, had been foolish and wanton Sprang hope. For America at large the $pioneering phase was over. The Special till greatwest's been had vacuum

the forcesneutralized he had H VALUATION by B $100.00

seen at play in his younger days. It's a fact! Sears offers you the FINEST

The fight and scramble for gold and FUR STORAGE IN THE WEST! The facilities of the great, storage vault, new andland the present was something

extreme care given your coat the by generation could scarcely know. thefur department staff are, believe, we

Now Americans only wanted to unequalled west of the Mississippi! This

consolidate their gains, to see their season, store your precious furs at Sears.

back yards and arbors green out and bear, to partake of the ease and rest their parents had never known.

Sam knew he was an old man. YOU'RE INVITED TO

He felt like an old man. And wisINSPECT THIS ULTRARATES

dom to him had come late. But MODERNVAULT. PicturedSTORAGEis just (including insurance)

senility was lending him a calmness a portion of Sears $100 valuation $1.50

he never had known in the clawhuge vault, where $200 valuation $2.50

of fine valuation furs $300 $3.50andfight of days. younger His willthousands spend a summer

valuation $400 $4.50last trip to Francisco San had been from free vacation

good, in that he could once more danger of heat, dust, $500 valuation $5.50

press the hands of the few souls moth or fire damage. (no limit)

who remembered him. But San

Francisco—his San Francisco

had changed beyond the wildest concept of his dreams. And who

among the new generation could have known the San Francisco of its youth? The Yerba Buena of Custom

the Brooklyn days?

Now that eyes and heart were Restylingset to closer focus, Escondido was pur not too bad for an old man. Its

air was clear, invigorating, and MR. ROYCE, Sears custom fur designer,

sweet with the scent of both desert and his staff of fur craftsmen'can transand sea. And at night was the form your mink, ermine, persian, beaver

same glory of lowhung stars he'd creationor seal intoat nominala strikingcost.advanceYou'redesignwel-

known while curled on a blanket in come to consultation without obligation.

the camp of the Pioneers in that Low summer rates are now in effect.

wondrous immensity of the Great

Plains. Yes, in Escondido there SERVICES INCLUDE

still were nights and days to stir Cleaning, lusterizing Restyling the spark of wonder in a man's ManufacturingRepairing CustomReliningdesigning breast. And it was clean and

decent to potter around one's acres.

On his trip to San Francisco, DIAL 5-6651

Bancroft had asked to write Sam personalized Bonded'A Searshis personal history, and had will messengerpromised its publication when the pick up your coat manuscript was complete. At night,

by lamplight, Sam started it. Even Out of town customers please ship furs insured prepaid to

(Continued on following page) SEARS, ROEBUCK & CO., SALT LAKE CITY 1, UTAH

APRIL 1951 285 Sam Brannan and the Sad Years \ (Continued from preceding page)

Bancroft would never know how easy it now was to reminisce. When

[4/hen a man's fire burned out, the visions turned placid and toned to softness.

Once he arrogantly and contemptu- a utofne ously had gone his way alone. No

human soul could live a turbulent life without making enemies as is i/lodiera readily as friends. And yet time

had effectively wiped his name from the lips of both friend and enemy alike. No one, on his own initiative, ever wrote to him—not even

his own children, now grown and married.

Once he'd followed the Prophet,

his California a thesis on founded

Zion. In the very the Latterday UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. toserved the priesthood, and actually

process of doing it, he had sidetracked himself religiously. Yet to

any one product must enter more

Your Every Musical Need HERE'S SHAMPOO than one factor. Out of the welter

Promptly and Courteously and tumble of events which emerged from it, he had striven diligently to Filled at *NEWS! sort out things—if not for God, at

least for law and order. The future EGG*/ a had never frightened him, and beBEESLEY'S

Velvety Cream That Makes cause there was no fright, he had

MASON and HAMLIN Hair Look Like Silk built well. If granite buildings,

The Stradivari of Pianos farms, and railroads were any part

KNABE and portion of man's glory, then in justice they must be weighed for

The Piano of regular a the Buy If clearbring. they would jar, what Metropolitan Opera trialsize free. get a driving energy, and eyed courage,

EVERETT Try the an abiding faith in California's

The finest toned, medium small jar. future greatness had any part in her

priced spinet pianos built Your money back if not forward march, then chalk up one

CABLE - NELSON delighted with results! mark for old Sam, For to him God

Beautiful spinet pianos in creamed again was whispering.

the low priced field shampoo BancroftBancroftwouldhad askedget hisfor hisstory.story.It

with *2% Powdered Egg would begin with his childhood days

Band Instruments in Maine, his journey to Ohio, his

Sheet Music meeting with the Prophet Joseph in and Everything Musical Kirtland, his conversion, his misuse L B sions for the Church, his publishing for the hair of the Church's paper in New York the to his selection dressing head the City, and BEES1EY MUSIC CO..... to the sea migration pioneer by hair that makes

70 South Main Salt Lake City handsome... keeps coast of California. It would dwell

Phone 4-6518 UTAH'S PIONEER MUSIC HOUSE it well groomed! on the voyage of the old Brooklyn

around the Horn to the Bay of San

Francisco, with its load of L. D. S.

pilgrims. It would tell of their

crystal, Clearlyte unbreakcity of which grew a beginnings able glasses are sacrament W HEADQUARTERS FOR like his exactly to part look moulded with metropolis, and a IN VEGAS. LAS NEVADA noiseglass. Lightweight and L. D. S. I into It it economical to I are free, history. in they the Saints making

in. height, Standard use. IK YE REST KINGS MOTEL better. today Order to rise his New, wealth explain and would

dealer. your from 526 STREET 5TH SOUTH in the loss his of standing at hint for samples FREE Dr. B. Send Foutz, Harold Owner

kit 2k it VI fit Manufacturers of Quality Edgar H. Foutz, Manager Church of his pioneering. It would HIUUUVU

Ma&'kw6'i& r* CHURCH55 Sudbury St.,WORSHIPBoston 14, AIDSMass. Beautyrest Mattresses Throughout expand itself on his accomplish286 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

ments as an industrialist, colonizer, and leader among men.

But of the things Samuel wrote, it was not given for any man to read. In a catastrophic storm

which flooded his land and made a shambles of his tent, the manuscript was destroyed. The words

Sam Brannan would have said are left unsaid. Only the things he accomplished for the California he

had never ceased to love could now speak above the tragedy of his personal loss.

Sam Brannan took sick again this time with an illness which frightened Magdalena, and from which only quick surgery could ever hope to save him. There was

no money. There was no surgery.

Sam Brannan could only writhe to his death in the attic bed. At Escondido, on May 6, 1889, the end

Protect your priceless eyes with a came. Sam faced it—alone. Old

Magdalena was the only soul on complete, accurate eye examination by hand to know or care.

the registered optometrist at Standard Optical.

Coroner's report showed receipts and notes on a parcel or two of real estate, twentynine hundred NOTHING DOWN, $1 A WEEK shares of Sonora stock, one ragged and weatherbeaten tent, two trunks containing articles of no worth, some secondhand books, one silver Siranii&rdL watch, and tools. 3 some garden He MODERN DFFICES THRDUGHDUTTHE WEST buried at was not Escondido, but

instead his body was hauled to San

Diego, doubtless because he had come from there. And since the

old man had died lacking both Through the years:

money and claimant, it was dumped in the receiving vault, to be promptTine ly forgotten. The Deseret News

was one of th,e few newspapers to Craftsmanship take note of his passing. in

From May 14, 1889 to October 1, 1890—sixteen months—the body Church Seating

of California's first millionaire lay in a mortuary vault. No friends or

relatives stepped forward to claim it. There was no cash to bury it.

Eventually his body found resting Early '20's photo shows L.D.S. Church

place in San Diego's Mount Hope pewsCabinet'sreadyfactory.for deliveryAbove isfroma 1950Salt L.D.S.Lake

In our plant by Cemetery. Not until 1926 did chapel,local craftsmen!with seating madesomeone remember—enough to lay

a tiny granite marker on the longneglected spot. It reads: "SAM

... 18191889BRANNAN SALT LAKE CABINET CO & FIXTURE '46CALIFORNIA.. PIONEER OF. 136 South West Temple Salt Lake City, Utah

...... XflW, 2*.. DREAMER. LEADER

AND EMPIRE BUILDER."

And perhaps in these succinct words is said enough. IN THE GOSPEL NET by Dr. John A. Widtsoe /

of inventory property of Samuel deBrannan, for missionaries, A book Your Atceased, from photostatic copy in California State

Library, Sacramento. Church and home libraries. Bookstore $1.75

APRIL 1951 287

Research Through AMERICA'S BIGGEST

Correspondence

(Continued from page 227) yaludOrgan ager—and had two ships sunk under him in World War I.

"The results of correspondence with him gave me a complete line back to the emigrant Anthony Marshall, who sailed his own ship from Have you seen

Bristol, England, to Nova Scotia, up the Stewiacke River, where he the newer a large bluff, on wrecked was known NEWHOUSE to this Nose.''Anthony's day as

We recently completed the first of our redecoration prothe "Many of his descendants are gramphase for Newhouse Hotel. living in that vicinity, and I am in One of the great hotels of the

correspondence with them. itwest,greaterwe arethanstrivingever. toDropmakein

"I never cease to marvel at the andprogressing.let us know how we are

way the Lord has blessed my efforts, and at the rich results ob-,l THE NEW tained."

The above is typical of the efforts "hoteletYPe f a being made throughout the Calireservations freeV results, varying fornia Mission, with HOlELS [HOTELS | offer so organs much No other Boise char%1:oMW far Saints the are of though many San, in E5TE%oP"*Ks, other for the... no money Los libraries genefrom and removed **e Jortland.r"Francisco, are so versatile. organs ConnSeattle. societies alogical not are posand richer proare tones sonata's

duced by purely electronic sessed of the means necessary to means, too. No reeds, blowers seek professional help.

or other moving mechanical Through membership in circulatparts. ing libraries, such as the New EngCOME IN OR 'PHONE landSociety,Historicaland correspondenceand Genealogicalwith FOR DEMONSTRATION many and various sources, it is exAVAILABLE IN pected an evergrowing volume of

material will go to the temples. BOTH SINGLE AND

TWOMANUAL MODELS Thus these Saints hope to disFIRST OF ALLRELIABILITY charge the duty and privilege said by the Prophet to be our "greatest responsibility."

4547 D m/ MAINaunes*Z (So-. jfUt<iic

LAKE CITY J, UTAH SALT 145 NORTH UNIVERSITY PROVO Vigilance Was Their Motto (Continued from page 230) HOW LONG HAS ready sixteen wards for the seven chapels then standing. Hh>

Hollywood Stake was the newly created stake, with George W. IT BEEN?

McCune still serving as president;

The 1950 INDEX to the Los Angeles Stake was now headed by Leo J. Muir, formerly Yes, how long has it been since you

counselor to President McCune. reviewedif you haveyour enoughinsuranceto torebuildfind outor The IMPROVEMENT ERA Immediately the two stakes proreplace in case of loss? Ask your local

your to analyze today AGENT KOLOB for themselves. vided headquarters enough have see if you to coverage is still available. increased today's to protection meet for Hollywood The headquarters values.

Stake were established at Country

Please enclose a 3-cent stamp Club Drive and Manhattan Place, while those for Los Angeles Stake with your request. were erected on Zoe and Middleton

Streets. A GENERAL INSURANCE AGENCY

During the early years of stake Frank Salisbury, Mgr.

history in southern California, there 330 Judge Bldg. Salt Lake City

was uncertainty as to whether the movement of population from the intermountain country to California would continue. However, it soonbecame apparent that it would, and TOPSM

a disposition to provide proper facilities for the rapidlyincreasingChurch groups was everywhere enfarmerntffo&ice tertained. In the twentyseven

years that have passed since the first stake was organized, Mormon membership in stakes and mission districts in southern California has grown beyond 55,000.

This rapidly increasing Church population has made possible the organization of eleven stakes and eightyfour wards in the southern

California area: Los Angeles (now

South Los Angeles), Hollywood (now Los Angeles), San Bernardino, Long Beach, Pasadena, San

Fernando, Inglewood, San Diego,

Glendale, East Los Angeles, East

Long Beach—all of them doing

magnificent work in teaching the gospel of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Saints.

While the stakes and wards have multiplied in southern California, the California Mission has expanded. Indeed, the mission did The FullyProtected

much of the initial work for the creation of the stakes, training essential leadership and in some inJOHN DEERE NO. 5

stances providing chapels for worship. At the present time there are POWER MOWER

fortyfour mission branches in the

California Mission, which comprises the southern area of the state, together with the western part of

Arizona.

Since the days Samuel when state of the Deere Union, the No. 5 Power John EVERY TN

faster, for cutting a reputation has gained cleaner Mower state, entered theBrannan more -* 5 prefer the with lower costs. Farmers upkeep everywhere No.than a century has passed—a cenIt's this \t's fullyprotected because against wear and breakage.

tury of growth for the Church in protection that assures you extra years of steady performance the golden state of California. The with repair bills crowding zero.

loyalty and integrity of the Saints Simple adjustments keep the knife in register with the guards in that area have been fittingly refor clean cutting. By means of an easilyadjusted eccentric,

warded with the knowledge that thethe outerknife endand ofpitmanthe cutterin line,bar takingcan be upbroughtlag. ahead to keep

willtwo temples to their soon add 5 a slip clutch shaft of The with is equipped power the No.ability to teach the and carry gospel to safety prevent cutter should the bar clog. damage A simple

message to those already members spring release protects the entire mower against breakage of the Church as well as to those liftshouldof thethecuttercutterbarbargivesstrikeyou aamplefield fieldobstruction.clearance.High, easywho should hear the gospel truths.

Last, but not least, the fullyenclosed power drive runs in oil. Automatic oiling of the John Deere insures maximum life

LAST STAND for the roller chain drive, highgrade Timken bearings, and

By Bessie Saunders Spencer wearinglighter draft,surfaces;and itsmoother,means lessquieterservicing,operation.lower upkeep costs,

T watched her lay her drab hat by See your John Deere dealer for full information or write * And perch a scarlet one up high. for free folder.

It gave her quite a youthful flare

The impish red upon white hair.

I loved the moment and the hat like she thatWhen thisdecided—just make attackTo Moline, Illinois theAgainst time back. John Deere years—tolast surprisedrive

APRIL 1951 289 Fellowship Under the StarsWHATS EN YOUR FUTURE (Continued from page 231) A NEW JOB... are you just getting out of high school and want nificant developments were taking

to prepare yourself for an attractive and pleasant job? We're able place. Over thirty thousand acres

to offer you intensive training in shorthand, typing, and other of tribal lands had been broken up subjects not offered in high school. and cropped by white farmers

ADVANCEMENT in your old job... new courses offer you the under a tenyear lease from the

opportunity to accept more responibility in your present job, or Blood band. That rich land has

the training necessary to do parttime work in addition to your since produced a million dollars regular employment. worth of wheat, and the Indian

MILITARY SERVICE... young men expecting to enter military sertribe will receive a share under the

vice, it will pay you to take a few weeks of intensive L.D.S. training. agreement. They will get a fifth

Free placement service for our graduates throughout their careers. of the crop in the years to come,

SUMMER TERM STARTS JUNE 4 but they will get infinitely more, it to enimpetus anticipated—the

their agricultural Plan now to attend or inquire today about the classes now open. islarge and economy

You're cordially welcome at... operate their lands themselves. This

is the longrange purpose of the new policy.

But that is not all. Chief ShotBUSINESS COLLEGE

BothSides, noted head of the 70 NORTH MAIN - SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH Bloods and a wise leader, has gone on record as asking on behalf of his people a share of the irrigation water that will be stored behind the

St. Mary River dam, east of Cardston, and adjoining Indian lands.

The dam now nearing completion MINER will bring another half million K acres under irrigation, and it is ex-:s. pected the Indian farmers will get MIKE s#fs. *> their share of the water when they

can utilize it.

This "new day"for the Canadian "Almost every year now, half of

Indian came into focus at the our mines in Utah don't make fatherssons encampment in Waterenough profit to pay even a small dividend to ton Lakes National Park, Alberta stockholders, yet they pay hundreds of thousection of the WatertonGlacier sands of dollars to the state in taxes to help International Peace Park. It besupport our schools, our needy and our govcame a highlight, but there were

ernment."other highlights as well.

At the council fire the first night a flag ceremony took place, symbolic

UTAH MINING ASSOCIATION of the peace and mutual trust that have existed for more than a hundred years between Canada and the United States. Senator W. A.

Buchanan of Lethbridge, on behalf. -. of the presented Canada, Union DFFER WE I USE for WIFTY YEARS COMPLETE A to President that Kirkham, and Jack

ENGRAVING SERVICE Aids in treatment of Canker, simple famous scouter placed in the hands throat sore and other minor mouth From Missionary Portraits to the Largest of Senator Buchanan the Stars and irritations. Catalogues. and throat

Stripes.

Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention

UTAH ENGRAVING CO. HALL'S REMEDY of Inthehisdominion'sremarks theeldersenator,statesmen,one

113 Regent St. Salt Lake City, Utah Salt Lake City, Utah congratulated the L.D.S. Church

leaders on this fatherssons encampment in the mountains. At a time

family ties are threatened, he BREWER'S YEAST DRINK when

Find out about BERRY Genuine BRAND said, fathers sons mingling toand

Brewery Yeast Primary and Grown Brewer's

Yeasts. gether in the great outdoors will

Write for literature and prices. A,delightful find a close and lasting relationship.

for hot beverage H. B. Berry Laboratories those Overall head of the outing was coffee. don't drink

188 BOX MONTEBELLO, CALIFORNIA who

AT YOUR GROCERS the committee of stake presidents 290 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Presidents Gordon S. Brewerton of

Alberta Stake, James H. Walker

of Taylor Stake, and Octave W.

Ursenbach of Lethbridge Stake.

They and their counselors, most of the bishops, and other leading officials including President Glen Today

Fisher of the Western Canadian

Mission, Edmonton, were present. he walked alone"

Dads and lads joined in the threeday program, including an The day you write this is a big oldfashioned western barbecue day for your baby—and a

with all the trimmings, and storyhappy day for you. It means

telling by Ben Wood, brother that the tiny, delicate little beof the beloved President Edward ing, who lay so lightly in your

J. Wood. Portraits of President arms a few months ago, is on

George Albert Smith were prethe way to sturdy childhood. Itsented by Camp Chief Kirkham to means his bones—babysoft

havea number of pioneers of the three such a little while ago—

strong grown to enough take his first venturestakes on behalf of the gathering. him on on

Stake chairmen representing the own two feet. his

Y.M.M.I.A. were Dee Card, AlOf course, your baby's

berta, Dennis Fletcher, Taylor, and growth depends largely

Delbert Palmer, Lethbridge, with on the things you do former Scout Commissioner C. J. chiefly on the kind of

Wight of the Alberta Stake, genmilk you give him.

eral chairman. Is it safe milk, easy

to digest, and rich in all the food substances that the milk make Bookrack On the permost nearly page 247) (Concluded from fect food?

THE AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF ROBERT A. MILLIKAN

(Prentice Hall, New York. 1950. 311

pages. $4.50.)

Ctrangely enough, this book possesses rare good humor, which one Sego Milk is that Kind of Milk might not expect in the makeup of a great physicist, winner of the Nobel Always easy for babies to digest. Always uniformly rich in the

prize in that field. The physics treated is understandable to and valuable food substances of whole milk. Always as safe, in its sealed confor the lay person. The analysis of tainer, as if there were no germ of disease in the world.

man's weaknesses and his strengths is interwoven into the book to so marked And one thing more: your baby needs an adequate amount of

a degree that the autobiography bevitamin D, the sunshine vitamin, combined with the minerals comes indirectly one of great character-building and ethical value. The of whole milk, to help him build straight, strong bones and

historical analysis is also keen and essound teeth, and to make the best of growth. Sego Milk consential to an understanding of world tains vitamin D in pure crystalline form, in the

situations.

The intense spirituality of Dr. Millifull amount doctors say his milk should contain.

kan is indeed refreshing in this age of seeming earthiness. In his final With all these qualities Sego Milk, the first evaporchapter he states: "Human wellbeing ated milk in the intermountain west, a standard of

and all human progress rest at bottom upon two pillars, the collapse of either highest quality for more than 45 years, costs less one of which will bring down the whole generally than any other form of milk.

structure. These two pillars are the

cultivation dissemination and the Free To Mothers!

of (throughout mankind 1 ) the spirit of religion, (2) the spirit of science or This beautiful 64page illustrated book that knowledge."makes it easier for you to care for and train

This book seems almost a must for your baby. Send for your free copy of this

us, and indicates that a great scientist helpful book today. Address Dept. E-ll.

inbelieves the necessity of an active SEGO MILK PRODUCTS CO. faith.religious

Salt Lake City, Utah—M. C. J.

APRIL 1951 291

t/fou, Lan <Jjo Jrt This column for young...TODAY'S people, and for any others

who wish to take advan- (Mud Jhepherd, EDITOR tage of it, features articles of a 44howtodoit'* naFashioning Period Figurines ture.welcomeContributionsand will be conare

sidered for publication at Bu 2)oroiLV Wl. Jktew regular rates.

—Photographs by the author.

dolls girl dresses as the slowdry slowly. and As soon

is WHENwins aprizes for their piece is completed, the drying unusual costumes, that is not too outfinished and smoothed out with very oftheordinary. But when a boy fine steel wool and a dry sponge.

does it, that is news! Now it is ready to be fired. FirRichard A. Fleckenstein of Lilitz, ing turns the piece which is "green

Pennsylvania, acquired his basic ware"to bisque or biscuit ware.

knowledge of ceramic art at the local After the application of underglaze high school. But his is a searching ( which is color and is applied with a

mind, and his interest was no passing brush) it is fired a second time.

fancy. He attended night courses This firing sets the underglaze

in ceramic sculpturing and began color. Now glaze is applied and the

to buy books on the subject. At

present he has rather an extensive Seated at his worktable Richard finishes details library on pottery making and peonunderglaze.the figure of St. Joseph, prior to applying

riod costumes.

When asked just what is meant by handsculptured ceramics, he exThe first step in creating a figuplained that using clay as the rine is to take a lump of clay which medium, the figurines or other obhas been allowed to age and to jects are fashioned by hand, with manipulate it with the hands with the aid of tools. Besides a work- a squeezing movement until it is

table the following tools are needed: free of air bubbles. This working

( 1 ) a wedging wire, which is used of the clay is known as wedging.

to cut the clay, (2) a knife to be The longer clay has been allowed used for all trimming and cutting, to age, the more workable it be- (3) metal pallets which are used for comes. For their best pottery, the "Waltzing Lady"and "Ballerina."There is an

smoothing or scraping the surface Chinese used clay prepared by their almostthe figures.poetic rhythm in the grace and beauty of

of the clay, (4) a rubber pallet ancestors. They in turn prepared

which is used to clean glaze from clay for those who would follow the pans it has been mixed in, (5) a them in the art of pottery making. piece is fired for a third time. This

pointed tool for putting on facial The second step is to divide the firing produces a glasslike effect.

expressions, folds in the costumes, wedged clay into balls or pieces, There are three very important etc., (6) elephantear sponge, a using a larger one for the body and

rules to be followed to create a finegrained sponge shaped like an smaller balls or pieces for the head successfully finished piece. It must

elephant's ear, which is used for and limbs of the figure. In the third

dried, properly slowly wedged, be finishing surfaces step, the figure is cut to the and down edges, (7) moisturefree completely before and for brushes proportions desired applying glazes, and (8) proper firing.

wooden molding sticks, used for position or posture. The fourth

molding, shaping, cutting, and step takes care of outlining the deBefore starting a figurine, Richsmoothing, ( 9 ) wire loop tool which tails. When this has been done, ard decides what he wants it to be

is used for cutting down high spots, the piece is set aside so that it bedoing; for all his figurines express

hollowing out, and carving. comes more firm. some action. When this has been

"One does not have to go to the After the figurine has stood covdecided, he makes a sketch, catchexpense of owning a kiln to fashion ered with a damp cloth for a few ing the posture, getting the size, figurines which can be truly obdays, it is ready to have the fine and designing the lady's costume.

jects of art,"Richard said. "Most features worked out on it. This is Very often as much as a month

pottery supply dealers, in towns as done with the use of wooden mold- (of spare time) is spent working on well as in cities, are equipped to do ing sticks and sponges. When this one figurine, and time is what makes

firing for their customers."He himwork is completed, the figure must ceramic handsculptured figurines

self does not have a kiln. be put away for a few weeks to expensive; for the materials are

292 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA amazingly low in price. Richard

told us that his "Ballerina"only required sixty cents'worth of clay and fifty cents'worth of glaze. The

cost of its firing amounted only to $2.50. But the "Ballerina"is not

cheap! The amount of time spent

on its creation makes it a collector's item which will sell for thirtyfive dollars.

Richard feels that his figurines are "different."And they are

decidedly so! There is an almost

poetic rhythm in the grace and beauty of his figures. To achieve

this he says that he constantly thinks grace and beauty as he works. The hands must be expressive. The facial contours must

show feeling. The posture must be

right. When at last he reaches the

point where he feels he is attaining what he is striving for, he will begin to sing. When Richard sings,

"A pair of Old English Christmas carolers"made of natural red clay. These figurines, the first

Richard made, are in the natural clay color and have a clear glaze.

it is understood that his creation is shaping up to something near his expectations. He sums up his feelings aptly when he says, "I get complete enjoyment in being able to

express my feeling for grace and beauty and my love of color in the creation of my figurines."

fr—

HANDY HINTS

Payment for Handy Hints used will be one dollar upon publication. In the event

that two with the same idea are submitted, the one postmarked earlier will receive the dollar. None of the ideas can be returned,

but each will receive careful consideration.

Don't discard those green outer leaves of head lettuce. They contain more vitamin

A and riboflavin than the white inner leaves.—Mrs. C. W. B Taber, Alberta,

Canada.

One way to thaw frozen fruit from the locker is to place the sealed cellophane bag {Continued on page 299) APRIL 1951 293

Make Sandwiches SING A SONG OF SALADS

Fit For A King! Yi4 tablespoonsteaspoon salttomato soup, undiluted

Mix well together. Finely chopped

parsley or chives may be added if desired.

Fan Salad

romaine cucumber slices spring! And everyone's fancy radish slices

It's turns to a green salad, one that watercress or parsley sprigs will bring fresh garden stuff French dressing green onions, watercress, lettuce, For each serving place crisp romaine new radishes, chives—to the table. leaves, fanshape, on a plate. At

After the heavy foods of winter, stemend of romaine place two rows the need for cleansing the system of sliced cucumber interspersed with and fortifying it with extra amounts radish slices. Place crisp sprigs of

of minerals and vitamins found in watercress or parsley at small end of fresh foods is not imaginary. At this the fan. Serve with French dressing.

time of year, or at a time when fresh food is most accessible, a week's Shrimp and Tomato Salad diet of fresh vegetables (or fruit) tomatoes and milk, buttermilk, or yogurt is lettuce a healthful measure because it helps shrimps change the intestinal flora by limitchopped celery ing the growth of putrefactive orwatercress ganisms. 1 Meat should be elimiWash tomatoes and cut each into

nated during such a diet, as should five sections, poinsettia style, leaving bread and other food, including the tomatoes whole at the stem end.

IF ITS salad dressings (except for lemon For each serving place a tomato on

NALLEYS; juice, salad oil, and honey). For crisp lettuce, spread center apart, and

more general use, the generous infill it with shrimps and celery. Garnish

clusion of milk, fruits, vegetables, with watercress. Needs salad dressing

and whole grains in the daily fare, or mayonnaise.

and the limitation of meat, will favor development of fermentive Molded Cucumber Salad ifolUf IS TASTIER! bacteria which lower putrefaction

and thus improve wellbeing. 1 cucumber, diced, not peeled

salt teaspoon Y2 diced sweet pimiento, l/i "fgmtj IS "TOPS"! Vitamin Plate

lettuce 1 teaspoon lemon juice sliced tomatoes 2 teaspoons unflavored gelatin water cup 34"t—r cold radishes J&tfUf IS THRIFTY, TOO! sliced

1 cream, whipped cup sticks carrot or cooked peas raw salt, pimiento, cucumber, Combine Try Tang the next time you sliced unpeeled in cold gelatin Soak cucumber and lemon juice.

make sandwiches for family hard cooked egg halves water 5 minutes; dissolve over hot

or friends. Discover for green onions water and mix thoroughly with

mixcucumber cream. Add five lettuce large leaves Place on a whipped yourself the hidden "flavor into Chill. Serve molds. ture and pour fill respecplate the leaves and round

factor"that makes this dresstively with sliced tomatoes, sliced on endive.

ing so extra delicious... radishes, carrot sticks, peas, and sliced

adds new zest, a new taste cucumber. Arrange egg halves in cenFountain Special

ter; place 3 or 4 green onions between

delight to sandwiches, each lettuce leaf. Serve plain, or with 2 bananas

salads, favorite dishes. lemon juice, salad oil, and honey dress- 1 cup pineapple chunks

ing, or with your favorite dunking cottage cheese sauce. romaine or leaf lettuce

Dunking Sauce Peel bananas and cut each one into quarters guarters. four two Arrange GET cup cream latuf 34 lettuce, or with top two romaine on

1 tablespoon perfect the salad dressing cheese cottage a of and lemon juice spoonfuls 1Margaret S. Chaney and Margaret Ahlborn. golden center of pineapple chunks.

Nutrition. Houghton Mifflin Co., New York, pp. Garnish with cherry halves. 286-7.

294 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Yesterday's women had to use washtubs, washboards and clothespins! But why should

you, a modern woman, be pinned to the clothespin, living without the convenience of a Hamilton Automatic Clothes Dryer?

Today you can dry clothes the workless way, ready to iron or put away! With a Hamilton

Automatic Clothes Dryer you avoid the backyard backache of heavy clothesbaskets and the worries of weather and airborne dirt. In minutes..

side... day or night... your

wash is fresh, clean and dry the Hamilton Way! Saves

hours... saves clothes...

saves you!

SEE ONE OF THESE HAMILTON DEALERS FOR A FREE DEMONSTRATION OF THIS AMAZING TIME AND LABOR SAVER.

UTAH DEALERS Taylor Brothers, 250 West Center Provo

BradleyBadger, 38 South Main Salt Lake City UnionUtah ApplianceFurniture Company,Company 32 East 1st North Bountiful and LaytonProvo Helper Furniture Helper Company

Murray Plumbing and Appliance Co Murray

Peterson Appliance Company Salt Lake City IDAHO DEALERS

Price Trading Price Company J. G. Read and Bros. Company, 24th and Kiesel Ogden Foster's, Incorporated, 816 Bannock Street Boise

Schoss Furniture and Electric Co., 355 24th St Ogden Home Laundry and Equipment Co., 427 Center St Pocatello

H. D. Sparrow Company.....Roy Sam Jones Furniture and Appliance Co Blackfool

GORDON E. WILKINS, INC. Intermountain Distributors 142 South Fifth West

Salt Lake City, Utah

APRIL 1951 295

-x RECIPfcl A Memorable Meal witi LUEPRINT fritos FritoKetts 1 tallot.canbagsalmonFritos Dash1 egg,of wellpepperbeaten row srt?obtt (//our

I tsp. chopped onions

Blend salmon, onion and pepper; add one cup of moistened Fritos, roll the remaining crisp Fritos into crumbs.

the Shape salmon into mixture cones, roll in Frito 'aistllne: crumbs, dip in wellbeaten egg and again. roll in crumbs

Fry in deep fat and serve hot.

IF scalesyou're aworriedbit tooaboutheavily,tippingwhatthe ever your youthful or more advanced years may be, remember those inbetween-meal calories could be largely responsible; for instance:

Food Item Calorie Content a candy bar 250550 Here's flavor appeal you'll remember! Fritos chocolate creams, 4 224

—golden, crispy Fritos—lend new and differchocolate malted milk 400

zest ent to an old favorite. Enjoy FritoKetts

for dinner tonight! Treat your family to the doughnuts, 2 medium 480

mellow flavor goodness of Fritos in meat cream puff, fillafliju ZZp.175

loaves, casserole dishes—with crisp salads, chocolate ec\amJ/Z>..250

nourishing soups, sea foods, too. Ask your fudge, 1"soOTefeTTJOO dealer for Fritos in the red and gold package... America's favorite corn chips—enice cream s<j/77T--..425

joyed from coast to coast!

THE FRITO COMPANY Los Angeles, Calif. Salt Lake City, Utah ( 1 small p1|SjggaH.....40O

nut sundagvJ\VT?/..500

pie, cherr1-4..490

soft drink,"6y||pR.-. 80

whipped creawpEjii 2 heaping tbs 400

Compare these highcalorie and sugarrich but otherwise deficient foods with the following list of suggested snacks which are good sources of minerals and vitamins but not high in calories. Ci?i

g) Food Item Calorie Content apple, 1 medium 80....100 banana, 1 medium y*>'&SflW cantaloup, 50 Yl melon

carrots, raw, 1-4"long 25 frx> V celery, raw, ]/2 CUP ---- 12 cookie, oatmeal, 100 crackers, 80 Graham, 2 dfrt 5*>* dates, 4 100 grapes, 1 lge. bunch 100

milk, whole, 1 cup 170 j+- milk, skimmed or buttermilk, 1 cup 88 orange juice, 6 oz 120 fresh 50 ""lOaMpapftn. pear,

popcorn, 1 cup, (with 1 tbs. butter) 165

65 WEST FIRST SOUTH ST. prunes, dried, 4 100

... and Bennett's Branches and Dealers in Utah and Idaho raisins, seeded, 34 cup 85

tomato juice, 1 cup 60 296 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FORlouifcji

Considering that the calorie needs for a moderately active young teenager or a moderately active woman are 2400 to 2600 calories, it is easy to see that a candy bar or an ice cream soda might add a fourth or a fifth more calories to an already adeguate diet. And that's the beginning of a bulging waistline.

The short, stocky type girl is more apt to excess weight, even when she eats less, than the slender type. Why? Because her body is

more economical in the use of food, needs less energy, and more completely digests and uses all food eaten than does the slender or normal type. Necchi - One who is only moderately over- A

weight may diet to advantage simply by eliminating all fried foods, other rich despie, ice cream, cake, in Sewing and MIRACLE mayonnaise, serts, candy, needs person plump cream. more A

to Before you buy a zigzag machine you owe it to diet be wise but would a stricter consult a physician before underyourself to see the SUPERIORITY of Necchi!

taking it.

Getting your calories for better Without special attachments it can:

health and beauty can be no haphazard affair because the body must DarnMend Embroider Necchi is the ONLY zigzag machine be wellnourished to be healthy and Overcast Applique bearing SealThe Goodof Approval.Housekeeping

beautiful, even on a reducing diet.

Clear soups, fresh fruits and juices, Monogram Buttonhole green and other vegetables, wholeRoll Hems Serge grain cereals, salads, cheese, beans, Flat Hem Blind Hem lean meat, eggs, skim milk—all Fagot Shirr Bind

these are included in the reducing diet as nourishing foods of lowZigzag Scallop zcMl calorie value. Potatoes, because of Liberal Trade In Liberal Budget Terms Salt Lake City, Utah

their alkaline residue, are to be preParts And Service Always Immediately Available ferred to bread. Sweets, except ZCMI SEWING MACHINES—Second Floor

those in fruit and very small amountsincluded—thereadded toaredesserts,fifty caloriesare not

in a tablespoon of sugar.

Will exercise help? It's best not

to rely on an extra set of tennis or VACATION IN a few bends and stretches to get PIKES PEAR WAYNE WONDERLAND thin. Nothing less than a fivemile WITH

TOURS JACKSON FLOUR in calories will off the a hike work Taking SightSeeing or BROTHERS—Picture

to Trips Camping pie; half of of piece a hour and With FOUR

THE GOBOF VALLEY, LAND CATHEDRAL is to cycling necessary burn places up other or remote HILLS, LINS, PINTO a Extra Baking soft drink. Exercise is wonderful Advantages inRiverWAYNECountry. WONDERLAND or Colorado

to tone up the system, promote betREGULAR TRIPS LEAVE MONDAYS ter utilization of food, and to help SALT LAKE FLOUR MILLS ForSPECIALmore informationTRIPS AS phoneSCHEDULEDor write distribute the weight, but the best 425 West 5th South J. WORTHEN JACKSON

way to remodel the figure is to reSalt Lake City. Utah PHONE 1 FREMONT, UTAH

educate the appetite. At the store of 10,000 stones

APRIL 1951 297.

STORAGE HINTS The baking book with $100,000< worth of recipes!

is important to store clothes,

IT blankets, swim suits—in fact,

any articles that are stored in From the any season—with intelligent care. world's most

Otherwise, when they are taken out famous again, the articles may be perfokitchen!

rated with moth holes! 384 pages,

The protection and preservation illustrated of valuable garments and other household pieces depend upon where and how they are cached. Ann Pillsbury's best recipes, including the 100

prize winners from the 1st Grand National

Recipe and Baking Contest. Hundreds of wonJust assure, as the dawn derful recipes, every one tested and simplified,

with timesaving money and secrets, plus spe-... that's how dependable

section freezing on baked All goods. the find the bakers home excial

recipes baking ever you of dreamed (and clusive, balanced double more), with luscious some dishes main too.

action of Clabber Girl "Very complete and instructive... even the

Baking Powder. Active in illustrations (which are line drawings) seem to

teach the techniques of baking successmore both mixing bowl and fully than photographs."oven, is Girl the Clabber

Y. Journal American do the usual—N.

baking exper-'powder ienced bakers recommend 5 -DAY FREE TRIAL. Just send us this ad with your

unreservedly. namePillsbury'sand BakingaddressBookand forwe'llfreesendexamination.you Ann

If you don't want to keep it, mail it back and pay no money. Otherwise send us only $3.95

plus a few cents postage. Order now from:

to store perfect place chest is a A cedar gar- A. S. BARNES & CO., Dept. E-3

articles appeal that might household and ments to moths. 101 Fifth Avenue, New York 3, N.Y.

Moths are repelled by cedar wood '# Guaranteed by W aroma, by moth balls, and other

Housekeeping Good antimoth preparations. It is very ALL-O-WHEAT

unwise to use a cedar chest or a CEREAL and Most Healthful cedarlined chest for storing old The Best magazines and things that do not Cereal for Your Family to Eat!

need protection. Its DELICIOUS

Here are some good rules which nutlike flavor help to thwart the unwelcome moth contains ALL the of the goodness GIRLE K P B I |i| G W > CLABBERTHE # WITH family:

t Berry. R Action Wheat h e ff#fe<n<gBQV*viL ( 1 ) All articles for storage Entire

T E ft R.E UTE. t Jf ''Kansas INDIANA HA CO HULMAN M'PAN A

should be clean and dry. Laboratory analysis

reveals that 1 pound ( blankets should and 2 ) Clothing has ALL-O-WHEAT in the beof be sun a full day hung IT'S STEEL CUT

I CKS COLLEGE cause moths are particularly aller1900 Units ProVitamin A to sunlight. true, natural vitamins) are (These exburg, Idaho gic 1.76 Milligrams Thiamine Everything must be brushed (3)

Niacin Milligrams 26.50

Pantothentic 4.93 Milligrams Acid

.452 Riboflavin Milligrams Summer Registration.. withtentionrealto vigor,folds, givingpleats, specialand collaratstarts June 11 and cuff foldbacks. Also mineralrich in proteins,matter andphosphorus,iron.

1 1 Classwork 20 to July June spots anshould be (4) Grease IS ALL-O-WHEAT session classwork Second to nihilated, prefer for moths seem > to Taste the DELICIOUS ends begins July 23 and is else. to grease anything That 7 August to the Body I NUTRITIOUS

a> why it is always wise to have gar- > EASY TO PREPARE storing. Established drycleaned before in 1888 ments * to use VERY ECONOMICAL KARL G. MAESER folded Everything should be store or local health your grocer Ask ( 5 )

carefully to conserve space and today for

Nowa4yr. College save pressing when articles are reALL-O-WHEAT

moved. Or Write to ALL-O-WHEAT CO.

Founded by After articles are packed in a All-O-WheatOgden,nowUtahavailable in

Served by Halco Corp. of Los Angeles IDS Pioneers openedcedar chest,unlessthenecessary;chest shouldif thenotchestbe Pacific Coast health stores

298 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA lid is left open, the cedararoma becomes weaker. In storing anything

in cedar, it is better not to wrap it Housewives, Food Experts because the wrappings keep out the mothrepellent cedar aroma. If

dainty garments require wrapping, thin tissue paper be used. Choose StarKist 3 to 1 may

Newspaper wrappings should be avoided because cedar wood makes...OVER ALL OTHER

ink run, this year's and might news LEADING NATIONALLY year's up show on next sweater or swim suit! Another thing that isn't ADVERTISED BRANDS

compatible with cedar is rubber, so rubber swim caps must go elsewhere or they will need to be replaced when plunge season once more comes around. Metal objects tarnish in cedar chests and

therefore have no place there.

HOMEMAKER'S BOOKRACK Buy the Tuna Preferred in Thousands of Taste Tests NUTRITION tests taste Actual were identical conducted comparisons. Results S. (Margaret Ph. D., Chaney, and

cities in 24 coasttowns and from audited were independent by CerAhlborn, Margaret M.S. Houghton

tocoast. tified the Public cooperation Through Accountants. In thouMifflin Co., 1949. York. 4th ediNew church of groups sands sideby-side and taste of these women's tion. pages. 448 $3.90.)

clubs, tests housewives sampled both housewives and the 3 food

Uvery chapter of this book is a nationally advertised leading tuna experts preferred StarKist 3 to l!

stimulating discussion of the princibrands. Food experts then made

ples application and of good nutrition Guaranteed Better or Double Your Money Back!

light in the scientific of recent findings.

It has been revised to include much Always Buy StarKist, "The Tuna of the Stars!"

that is new on the subject of vitamins, protein, and other dietary factors.

Particularly interesting is a chapter, "The Hygiene of the Digestive Tract,"which presents much wise advice and forward thinking on proper maintenance of the human machine. Also of

note is a chapter summarizing current thinking on the nutrition problem of our country and of the world. Although

written as a text for teachers in the field, and therefore not for popular quick reading, most of it could be profitably digested by those who wish to study the subject of health through proper diet. B. S.

Handy Hints

(Continued from page 293) or unopened waterproof container in lukewarm water.—Mrs. F. T., Burbank, California.

For removing ink stains from cloth, cook rhubarb in the usual way but leave out the sugar and put some water into the rhubarb.

When cooked, strain and use this liquid in are our beautiful now We store at 54 new South Main, ato the shopping soak in for goods time, some then place will that you agree the beautiful most.. ever you have seen in thewash usual the way, and stain ink as. and always, are you welcome.is... Meet friends your here.

will disappear. all See of favorite your departments,. including. a shoe department new

(featuring in famous Dickerson) I wonderful a tried have atmosphere. this new The never Values on woollen goods,

that earned have maintained and our halfcentury of leadership are here itbut works well with colored goods.... for inspection. your visit. us a Pay

S. E. City, Brigham J., Utah.

will dry cork stains remove silver A from more quickly than anything I have found, JhsL Thm Salt Lake Knit itand does not S., A. scratch.—G. Spring54 SO. MAINfield, Illinois.

APRIL 1951 299 COURAGE AND HIGH RESOLVE

(Concluded from page 226) organized the Oakland Branch and

Schools his direction Sunday under organized, stake a ley, was when soon grew which organized were has Church 1934. The November the organwith and into branches under spread to and grow continued

energetic and able leadership of ization of the San Francisco Stake in the wards became in 1927 Cram and the President Mark W. continued stake. The Church I. new presidents, stake subsequent

the Oakto when grow, and Busath, E. Stephen Smith, Homer in 1934, organized Stake land was the In 1948, E. Tingey. Perry and greater was membership the Church the southern divided, and stake was

sides it both on been had than the into San formed part was first stake the the of when bay B. with Stake, Wendell Joaquin

Mendenhall, president, Ernest B. was begun. In 1937, President Macthe stake, and from donald moved B. Crandall, Albert and Landward presiHilton was sustained being Eugene stake center the counselors,

at Stockton. The San Joaquin dent, with W. Glenn Harmon and

Stake with eight wards and two Clyde J. Summerhays as counselors,

\ branches has a membership of with a stake membership of 3700.

2500, while the Sacramento Stake, In 1946, since Oakland Stake had with eight wards and a branch has a membership of over 9000, the over 3000 in her records. stake was divided, and a new Berkeley Stake formed, with W.

The San Francisco Branch was Glenn Harmon, president, and combined with the Saints in the Wayne E. Mayhew and Emery R.

East Bay, until after the fire and Ranker, counselors, on October 13, earthquake in April 1906. The 1946. President Hilton continued

stake was organized July 10, 1927 to preside in the Oakland Stake until with headquarters in Oakland. April 10, 1949, when his counselor,

MARCAL PAPER NAPKINS Threenamed asbrancha stake presidentspresidency: wereW. Delbertthe thirdF. andWright,presentwas presidentsustained asof

Aird Macdonald, Oakland; J. Edthe Oakland Stake, with more than

Gives You ward Johnson, Berkeley, and Clyde 6,000 members.

In Lindsay, Mission. Decem- W. 181st 7, 1951, the On January stake divided, 1934 the was EASYStarching ber, at Santa formed stake was Church Stephen sus- H. and Winter was

BEAUTIFUL, tained as president. Subsequently Rosa by Elders Stephen L Richards

north Sonne. The four and Alma

S. and Claude McDonald Easy Ironing Howard 1600 with Stake of Berkeley wards B. Petersen served as presidents.

six with joined were members To Use! / Ready 1300 mission with the branches from The San Francisco Stake was Just Add

Hot or Cold Water again divided, June 23, 1946, and members, to create the fifth stake the Palo Alto Stake organized touching the shores of San Franwith President Petersen head of cisco Bay. John L. Murdock,

the new stake. J. Bryon Barton former bishop of Napa, was apwas chosen as the fifth and pointed stake president, with

present president of the San FranThomas C. Byrnes and Bryant S.

cisco Stake. Knowlton, counselors.

President Petersen was released By some strange twist of fate, from the Palo Alto Stake when he or maybe it is "purely coincidental,"was made secretary to the Council in the same little town of Napa, of the Twelve, November 20, 1949. lying forty miles north of San FranHis counselor, Henry C. Jorgensen, cisco, where lives the president of

until he president, was named was exstake, California's newest *1. icm UNttB welfare comto the called Church of Misgovernor Lilburn W. Boggs the to ECONOMICAL appointed manage mittee MORE and

Because It's Concentrated! Perris Ranch, a welfare project near souri, who issued that infamous "exBUY AT YOUR GROCERS Riverside, California. David B. terminating order"against the

Haight succeeded Wendell B. Saints in 1838, lies buried in an alNew Features... Christenson as president of the Palo most forgotten grave!

For Your Enjoyment Alto Stake, with a membership of So while the Church grows and

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA over three thousand, spreads over the land, her old ene- $2.5012 Issues

$3.00 In 1920 President McMurrin remies drift into obscurity. Foreign Subscriptions

300 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA NATURAL SOURCE OF ENERGY (Concluded from page 253) enthusiastic. The counselor whohelp that the group was so organhad once objected because of the NOW HEARS

ized that they already had a nutricost says, "I'm thrilled about it tion committee for teaching the sisnow. I think it should remain aters the best food knowledge. This permanent project."WHISPERS!

iscommittee headed a very by Those capawho are using these prodNew Kind ofble teacher, and under her consistently they have ucts notice a definite

Hearing Aidtaught the sisters how to use this improvement in their health and in new flour in the making of bread, that of their families. And they may Makes Living

waffles, cookies, and even cake. look forward to even better eating Worthwhile

cost The habits. of the flour mill there For are was longrange NO DEVICEabout four plans hundred in the and seventy of this mind very lovable OF ANY KINDdollars, delivered. The members bishop for the better distribution of

pay a price slightly above the raw raw sugar, brown rice, and other IN EITHER EAR wheat cost for the whole products natural foods. THIS HARDOF-HEARING young

even woman HEARS WHISPERSthey receive. This small profit will Our feels bishop, who keenly this yet there device is no AGAIN, of anyliquidate the cost of the mill in about responsibility new he has ear! taken in her to upkind Acousticon's Thanks

one year. After that the profit will on himself, thus explained his amazing new skin receiver disc which is

hidden ear, behind she herbe elimplaced has in the welfare fund or the stand: "In ordinary conditions peoinated all oldfashioned earpieces. Noward budget. ple cannot afford or find readily socalled "invisible"ear or "phantom"are There at this time about forty available the hardto-obtain buttons health tubes, or no headband, presno

or fifty families using the wheat foods. Under the welfare plan, I feel sure anywhere!

products. Fifteen or twenty use it it is as much the duty of the Church GET THE WHOLE STORY FREE

exclusively. Though there is still to provide leadership in maintainWhether or not you now wear a hearing aid,

it to you yourself to owe prove, costsome doubt the on part of those ing a who standard living of in keeping or obligation, that can you now with withoutHEAR notdo use this make of brilliance a clarity and wholesome never you to with expected the of Word Wisdom again, as to enjoy yet never anything wear in yourfood, those it do use who are very for provide the needy."ear! Fill in mail and the coupon for at once

full information about Acousticon's amazing new invention! ACOUSTICON, at Radio City,

6 West 49th Street, New York 20, N. Y

NEW APPOINTEES TO Y.M.M.I.A. GENERAL ROARD ACOUSTICON,

6 West 49th St., At NewRadioYorkCity,20,Dept.N. Y. M-288

(Concluded from page 215) Utah Stake, as a member of the Please send me complete illustrated information about your marvelous Elder 1 and Kerr, Mrs. the former Manhattan bishopric in Ward New new hearing invention that requires iPatricia Taylor, are the York, parents of as president of the nothing Atlanta, in my ear and no headband.

Jthree daughters. Name Georgia, to is assigned He Branch, at the and time of

the Explorer committee of the genhis appointment to the general Address. I

eral board. board was a member of the East City.State.. I

Provo Stake Sunday School board.

jpLDER Yarn was born and reared He and Sister Yarn, the former in Atlanta, Marilyn Georgia. Stevenson, are the He has parents VIDA FOX C1AWS0Nbeen active of in one daughter. Church activities is assigned He

since his youth, and was called to the Junior M-Men committee of Ji,nnounces from the Southern States Mission, the general board. an all expense and conductedwhere he resided, to fill a mission

to tour springin the States. Western In addition to regular mission activities, LEGACY

he served as mission bookkeeper, district president, and he toured the By Helen Carson Janssen mission organizing home Sunday HAWAII

F wish to have no leave stately a towerSchools. SAIL ON THE LURLINE A beauty Where be may housed that men He received his formal education may see MAY 16TH

rarest The treasure all ofat dower Georgia Institute time—the of Technology, the exotic See islands while Of generations that are yet to be.University of Georgia (Atlanta in are Nor to do I wish bloom! leave gift the of fame, they

Division), gold, Nor nor Brigham the world Young Univerjewels—these in Travel the company of holds dearsity, and Columbia University. At are BEST. Men often faithless, WEST'S a and name thethe present time he is a member be of May disappear. soon forgotten—wealthtoo

the faculty of Brigham Young UniWrite or phone

This is the legacy that leave: I wouldversity as an assistant professor of word love for those of A whosetheology hearts VIDA FOX CLAWSON and religious are philosophy bare

in the division of religion. A word of hope for those whose spirits 966 East South Temple

Elder Yarn has served as as- A wordgrieveof faith for those who know Salt Lake City. Utah Phone 4-2017

sistant superintendent of the Y.M.- despair. FOR COMPLETE INFORMATION

M. I. A. in the University Ward, SuchManna,giftson arewhichmannaa hungryin a timesoulofmayneedfeed.

APRIL 1951 a a

John M. Horner... California's

Farmer STUDY and RECREATION {Continued from page 246) Pick the Vacation

Both Can Be Yours farmers who were becoming estabyou like best—

lished in the area.

at the In 1851 they bought one hundred... and let

acres of land at the mouth of the 1951 the laid out River and BYU Alameda GREYHOUND it. NearSCHOOL! City upon SUMMER town of Union

by they purchased, fenced, and help you with REGISTRATION JUNE 11 farmed a large tract of excellent the resti

A complete quarter, with offerland. Horses, mules, and oxen

ings in many departments espewhich had been driven across the cially planned for teachers. plains were readily available, and FREE FOLDER!

able to buy were Homers all *k scores choice of of your Take will be the faculty regular The strong trips vacation carefree Greyhound fencing and needed. they The iron specialists.supplemented by visiting relet Agent your Greyhound... from imported they wire which

details, all artravel are lieve features of special you Many planned. England permitted them to conranging in advance for hotel resstruct fences guickly even though ervations, transportation, and speWrite for your catalog to the cost was about a thousand dolcialcopysightseeing.of Greyhound'sAsk for yourAmazingFREE

lars a mile. Agricultural equipAmerica Vacation Folder, describing

America, tours throughout SUMMER SCHOOL DEAN ment which came from the eastern lowcostto Mexico, Canada. and

states was also expensive, but they needed it to increase the size of See your Greyhound Agent NOW!

d5riak,am their operation. As early as 1854, ovivi9

wheat on Homers'farms was harharvester a combined with \nwer&ilu vested the shipped around been which had

PROVO, UTAH Horn to San Francisco.

Their 1851 crop, which they sold

II for $270,000.00, was so large that

they bought a steamship to carry it from the south end of San Francisco Bay to the flourishing city on AGAIN AVAILABLE the hills. That fall at the first

agricultural fair ever held in CaliDistinctive Records fornia, conducted by Professor C. for Every L.D.S. Home

A. Shelton, noted botanist, John

Horner was the largest contributor MYChildrenPICTURElove theseBOOK19 cleverlyOF dramatizedSONGS tunes. largest the received and premium—

addressed 3 a letter In goblet. silverCome Stay With Us, 10inch records in album $3.95 to "Jon. M. Horner, Esquire,"ProTHE KING OF GLORY

Clean Hands) Sung byWe're Just Like Mew youfessorwereSheltonrecentlywrote:presented"Althoughwith (HeJESSIEThat Hath SMITH EVANS

and the of the testimonial the accompanying SALT LAKE TABERNACLE CHOIR Folks who know us best call $1.31 semiflex 12inch record of your efforts appreciation public

hotel that never stands us the

still, we're always because to develop the agricultural resources SEVEN IMMORTAL HYMNS

L.D.S. 7 favorite hymns sung by the I brighter, things hapyet cannot refrain California, making of

VALLEY PROMISED QUARTET cheerful for you pier, more in records $3.95 album individual con- 3 10inch adding from my

with to stay come you when us. Come soon—to stay, or gratulations to those so universally JOSEPH SMITH'S OWN STORY

recording narrated by A documentary if just citizens, enjoy for dinner—and our fellow accorded by LYNN A. McKINLAY

all colors the and new new in $5.05 records semiflex album.. 3 12inch I heartassure you that it be but to

things have! we

ily participate in them and fully recognize your right to your title as pioneer in this branch of public industry. Sir, it is true that the

premium was not awarded by me those nor personally who could by Hotel

I At your dealer or direct from preferences any influenced by be

Temple Square may have indicated, but I have the RECORDING ARTS, INC.

CLARENCE L. WEST consciousness of knowing that 19 West South Temple Street

Manager Messrs. Freemont, King, Snyder, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

postage 35c Add pleasing duty whose Saunders and customers Utah add for all2%mailsalesorderstax it worthy the most to select raTriii!Triijitii was of 31—j—

302 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the candidates for the honor did nothing more than to echo the public voice in presenting you with this Every 1000 Miles!

goblet. Take it then, Sir, no less

as the evidence of the public esteem Why take chances? Why worry about your

if it's doing its important than as proof of my individual reoil—wondering

is job? Risking engine deposits just like gard. Keep it as a memento of sucdollars. risking Sludge, carbon and

cessful enterprise and as a pledge varnish can steal power, waste of private friendship.- And believe gasoline, damage parts, lead

that no member of your family, to costly repairs!

however remote may be his generation from our own, but will recognize it as an honorable token of the work of his ancestor with more pride and pleasure."

Things were going so well in 1852 that after the crops were in, Drain Used Oil!

John sent his brother east on business. When he returned, he The safest thing is to drain

brought with him twentytwo perengine oil every 1000 miles sons, including Mother and Dad—to keep your engine

Horner and all their remaining chilclean and safely lubricated.

dren and grandchildren, two sisThe cost of fresh, new ters of John's wife, and one of her Utoco Premium Motor Oil brothers. is negligible. The cost of

not changing often enough ( To be concluded) can be extensive!

These limes Refill with UTOCO {Concluded from page 210) is ation to the President of the United Utoco Premium Motor Oil

States, I suggested that the four or premium motor oil in every sense five members of Congress (from each of the word. It gives the hardengine of car your inworking party),chamber and from each

. instant lubrication.. protection the President tovited by form with

against corrosion and deposits council,him also should an emergency of economy... maximum their officebe invited location to move

and office staffs from the Senate and operation and maintenance.

House office buildings to the PresiLubricate for safety dent's office. This suggestion seems every 1000 miles

important in view of the problem of formulating the fundamental policy CompleteTires, Batteries,line ofAccessoriesATLAS affects us all.which

Here are thoughts from the field and from the writer of These Times. UTAH OIL REFINING COMPANYWhat do you, as citizens, propose to

do in discharging your responsibility to determine the "nature of the state"?

Quick, Easy Way to Can You as a Latterday Saint Explain and

Defend The Doctrines of Your Church From the Holy Bible? STOP SMOKING

"IT DOESN'T COSTIT PAYS"Now you can stop smoking with no effort, easily, comfortably, first the very day—or PRAIRIE STEEPLE BIBLE THE your refunded. recent money The KNOW50 VITAL RELIGIOUS QUESTIONS discovery you read have about—medical NICOSTOP, guaranteed absolutely Cliff harmless, Walters By nonby Answered 700 BIBLICAL QUOTATIONS

toxic, nonhabit forming. Endorsed by all for Ideal Book An Church Members, Misphysicians church leaders. sucand Used sionaries, Servicemen, and NonMember cessfully thousands. it by At druggist's your call""TPhey this Chimney spire Rock, Relatives Friends. and or mail coupon for free today information that stone In * Of looms plain, the with harmony above teachings of L.D.S. Church sizes about available moneyback and

A steeple, staunch against the fire Paper $1.00 216 Pages Cloth $1.50 guarantee.

Dept. A, NICOSTOP, Calif. Saint Helena, suns, the summerOf lash B. of rain BENJAMIN ALWARD free Please send information prices. and 148 First Ave. Salt Lake City 3, Utah day, afar,By a landmark seen Name (Or Co.; Deseret Book Bookcraft)

the which pioneersTo gave name; Address

By night, beneath the evening star,

A giant candle tipped with flame.

APRIL 1951 303 0MX ',7iN>>s>I3\JNXJi mms

Idaho Falls, Idaho their general makeup, and if the reading matter they offer

Dear CoWorkers: is of any value, there is still much that is irritating simply

Enclosed you will find six subscriptions to The Improvebecausepart of proofreaders.of errors or ugly "layout"or carelessness on the

ment Era for our Lamanite friends, and a check for Before I even turned the pages for that most thrilling adsubscriptions. the to cover$15.00 little contribution, sat held and my own venture—spotting the I improveon compliment you many should I think in that beautihands a magazine and exclaimed, "WhatI my

to it more about in make our brought Era have youments perfect fully love seeing organ! such designed Tal a would

appealing and readable. I have been one of the more difficult piece of printing."

to cover. cover from of reading habit to the Howto convert he has "Tal"see though and been was my husband, You

issues kept back until coming have me the last fewever, I six in his printing years, at anything still look from I gone have completed them. My husband is a physician, which point of view.

secretary"; have position of the "home wethrows me into I of the too, that say, although I not am Mormon May

to eleven and down; from agesix children my efforts I in help faith, the of inspiration Imfound pages much of The

in as the ward Y.W.M.I.A. program out a completecarry I interested Editor's in the Era. very provement was much

I brief, be timeconsuming. very also are Topresident to the Page, Lovely,"Review,"in "Lonely and sonnet, "Book

it I think busy, an achievement rather and myselfconsider the page. poetry on Romolo, by Gene

on your part to have been able to alter my habit of "skimThe cuts, too, are so clear, and especially beautiful, I think, ming through"the Era. is the one of the temple and the portrait of Joseph Smith.

I would be very much interested to see more activity in a Sincerely, "Read Your Era"campaign, to be highlighted by dramatic Elizabeth Talbert skits from Era stories and the use of more Era material in talks giventhe by our young people as they gain credit for Ogden, UtahIndividual Awards. To The Improvement Era Editors:

Sincerely, Shirley H. Smith I'm still enjoying the December Era, and so much that I

had to write and tell you. The idea of publishing the

conference addresses two months following conference is it it's all like settling, again, over having and is refreshing. leaders Redding, California fine—afterthe of our most advice wisdom and

Dear Editors: is in great of assistance entire outstanding and Era The

9 1 'his is just to say thank you for the beautiful magazine helping us live real Latterday Saint lives.

* I received yesterday. We appreciate your efforts, and continued success to

you. in in well see, quite goes versed a what way You I am Respectfully, best to the bring out the a publication ofinto such making

Paul S. Bieler

its features. a Before all his deathin husband was my

compositor and at one time in complete charge of the designing of extensive brochures and various publications for Scranton 10, Pennsylvania a college, and his work was notably artistic and beautiful.,rpHE Era for December was delightful, so much I could

So you might say I was "brought up"in that atmosphere and * use, and it's so nice to take to the hospitals in my sunshine taught to know real and expert work when I see it. work.

So many magazines today are so carelessly thrown toSincerely yours, gether. You know as well as I do how much is wrong in Johannah Dunn

TEENAGE CHORUS AND ORCHESTRA FROM SMITHFIELD STAKt

Pictured is the Smithfield (Utah) Stake mixed teenage chorus and orchestra. This outstanding group of young people has been selected

to present a stake music festival and participate in the June conference allChurch chorus and dance review. This group has spent many

hours in practice and preparation under the able direction of Mr. and Mrs David Weeks, speech directors, and accompanist and organist Mrs.

—ReportedGrant F. Andersenby Alice andWeeks.Carolyn Barker. During the Christmas season a cantata was successfully presented under the leadership of Grant F. Andersen.

JUftTkia (JUkat Ifoan, Con, Needa?

viiK::::::::;*::&$ &&S:-:$3':&#:::&* Wt:W> m

w Here's betterthan-ever "lubrtfecffon ess

New Phillips 6 Premium Motor Oil now contains special::::>

base stocks made by continuous "cold fractionation."Fine,

selected crude oil, processed by this exclusive method, is subjected to less heat. So it retains more of its naturally fine

lubricating qualities. It resists decomposition better... clings

better to metal surfaces... -protects better, too! For outstanding lubrication and engine protection, change to new

Phillips 66 Premium Motor Oil 11'vX*:

m m sffiBSS mi

AgtVAHV - CORROSIVE ACTIOM Helps protect against main cause of wear on piston rings, cylinder walls.

MtfANT\-AC\0 EFFECT!

Helps guard against damaging effect of acids on fine bearing surfaces.

MSN CLEANSING INGREDIENT Helps prevent powerrobbing sludge and varnish. Helps save gasoline.

STABILITY! MW ULTRAHIGH

Helps maintain constant oil viscosity under all driving conditions.

GET IT AT STATIONS WHERE YOU SEE THESE SIGNS

41* PHILLIPS PREMIUM MOTOR OIL Hear Rex Allen and the Sons of the Pioneers every Friday night over C. B, S., 8 P.M., M. S. T.

I CLEAN OIL CLEANS BETTER... CHANGE EVERY 1000 MILES3

"| HE stout timbers of the good ship Brooklyn were the - be->( insurance for the lives of 238 Mormon colonists who arrived in San Francisco July 29, 1846, after a hazardous journey 'round the Horn/ Today, families throughout the West find their best life insurance is Beneficial. * BENEFICIAL LIFE

Insurance Company Georg:#ai8dfeert Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah

t.kttNMt