In this issue:

The Meaning of Religion in the Life of John Hafen

Education of Latterday Saints JANUARY, 1936

The Jewish World in Which Jesus Lived Volume 39 Number 1

Return Postage Guaranteed Fiction Poetry: Departments SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

BANKS OF

THE FIRST SECURITY CORPORATION SYSTEM

Ixtend Best Wishes to M FOR A

prosperous iteiu Mm

FIRST SECURITY BANK OF UTAH, FIRST NATIONAL BANK

N. A. Salt Lake City

With Branches at—Sugarhouse and Tooele With Branches at—Ogden, Logan, Provo,

Bingham, Magna, Park City, Richmond

FIRST SECURITY TRUST

COMPANY FIRST SECURITY BANK OF IDAHO Salt Lake City, Utah

With Branches at—Boise, Blackfoot,

Emmett, Gooding, Hailey, Idaho Falls.

Jerome, Montpelier, Mountain Home,

Nampa, Payette, Pocatello, Preston, Rupert, FIRST SECURITY BANK

Shoshone Rock Springs, Wyoming

MEMBERS OF FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION

Out of the Darkness, a Star By L. PAUL ROBERTS m:-

"An eye /or an eye"was the Law;

A tooth took a tooth for its pay.

Then, out of the darkness, a Star,

To show us a new, better way.

Out of the darkness a Star, Bringing new light from above;

Pointing the pathway to Peace;

Lighting the highway to Love.

The wiser ones followed the Star;

Nor tried to persuade or inspire,

And others who watched from afar

Drew deeprooted feet from the mire.

Out of the darkness, a Star, dflf"*

And man raised his eyes from the sod;

Saw things anew as they are;

Felt his own kinship with God.

ILLUSTRATED BY MAR Y RO BER T S

SPWP''

fllr

IMPROVEM ENT

JANUARY, 1936

EDITORIALS

Jacob's Message. /. A. W. 32

The Uncut Book M. C. J. 33

President George S. Romney H. R. M. 32

Heber J. Grant,

John A. Widtsoe,

Editors ARTICLES Merrill, Harrison R.

in the Life Religion of Meaning B. F. 5 The of John Hafen Larsen Josephson, Marba C.

in Religious Education Experiment Notable Dr. A. Widtsoe 8 John Associate Editors A

Latterday of Saints Education Dr. S. Harris 14 Franklin The

Organ of the Priesthood QuoThe Jewish World in Which Jesus Lived William Creighton Graham, Ph. D. 17

rums, Mutual Improvement A TenPoint Program of Crime Control Dr. Arthur L. Beeley 18

Associations and Department The Covered Wagon Takes a Journey East Mary F. Kelly Pye 22

of Education Birds and the Bible...Gretchen L. Libby 24

George Q. Morris, General Mgr. He Made 'Em Like Spinach Henry Maxfield 26

Clarissa A. Beesley, Asso'ciate Mgr. Pigmy Elephants—Mary C. Shaw 19

J. K. Orton, Business Mgr. What's It Good For? Margaret Moloney 11

EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL OFFICES Street, SO North Main Salt Lake FICTION City, Utah

Copyright, Mutual Improvement1932, by the YoungAssociationMen's The Startled Deer James Sterling Ayars 12

Corporation Jesus Church Little of Town

Christ Saints. of Latterdaycff the Silver All OA Girdle—Part V......Florence HartmanClaire TownsendW. Noall 2028 rights reserved. price, Subscription

$2.00 a year, in advance; 20c Single

Copy. Entered at the Post Office, Salt POETRY

Lake City, Utah, as seconcTclass matter. Acceptance for mailing at Out of the Darkness, A Star L. Paul Roberts 1

special rate of postage provided Bethlehem for At in section 1103, of October, Act Where Men Have Heard.... - QueenaClaraDavisonAiken MillerSpeer 33 authorized 1917, 2, 1918. July

Desert Sentry Jean McCaleb 1 The Beauty of Death Translated by Edward I. Malouf 19

New Year Rena Stotenburg Travais 31

THE COVER EveningSonnet toSceneStars - Eva WillesRoxanaWangsgardF. Hase 3131

Galilee—Mount Of The Beatitudes ToFragmentsA Poet Unsung ElizabethCatherineBurninghamE. Berry 3131Photo—Adelhett Battlett, Santa Monica. Living Lyrics...* -Grace P. Smith 31

Cal. Pity - - Edgar Daniel Kramer 31

On a Restless Night Ardyth Kennelly 31 trust that the caravans of all our Service Arthur Wallace Peach 31WE readers will come home to them A Little Child Lydia Hall 31 during the year 1936 and that other and Gesture Margaret Jane Cole 31 larger caravans may constantly go out Rich Edgar A. Guest 34

from them into all the world bearing their After Rain Isabelte Sharp 50 love and good will to all peoples. The Greatest Healing Power Elinor C. Woolson 51

following picture note came with the Estelle 53 Tree in Silhouette Thomas Webb on A

- -;: cover:our S. Scott 54 Poplars Enchanted Naomi

The plain of Ahma, which ends at the Water Music Ethel Romig Fuller 59 famous Horns of Hattin or traditional Footprints on the Aspen Fir Trail /. S. Stanford 62

Mount of the Beatitudes, right center skyline, where Christ gave to the world one of his greatest sermons, on the sunny DEPARTMENTS heights above blue Galilee, today is on 44 Universe Joint Program ofthe route the Exploring the the caravan trail between -- 45 Adults Franklin Stewart Harris, Jr. 30 of JezreelValley and Bethshan on the

south and the foothills of the Labanon Church Moves On 35 Seniors 46

Mountains on the north. Camels... Screenings 36 M Men -——46

bearing each its mystic load... are On the Bookrack 37 M MenGleaners 46

47 Gleaners Music Page 38 Plain crossing here theshown of Ahma

Juniors. 47 40 Teaching Ward the disastrously Crusadersin which were

defeated by Saladin at the Battle of Hattin Priesthood Explorers 48 in 1187 A. D. and the Latin Kingdom Melchizedek 41 Scouting—48

Girls 42 48 BeeHive Aaronic end. to anof Jerusalem came A sunburst

64 44 Your Page and Ours—. Messages glorifies Galilee theover famous Mount. Mutual

A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

AT BETHLEHEM TheirAndmindswarrior,wentloyalbackfriendto David,and wanderingshepherd lad

And hunted fugitive, wise general,

By CLARA AIKEN SPEER Poet and singer, great and generous king.

"Deyond Jerusalem they paused a little while But did they know that these historic tales

And gazed upon the village just below, Which were so wonderful and dear to them

Mary upon their humble little beast, Were but the prelude to the great event

And Joseph by her, in the long ago. Which was to be that night in Bethlehem?

They thought of centuries agone when came Ah, holy pair, you journey now alone;

To Boaz's fields the lovely alien Ruth, But through uncounted years the path you take

Gleaning the barley harvest, reaping, too, Shall lengthen, deepen, until all the world

The great rewarding of her faith and truth. Shall walk upon it, for the ChristChild's sake.

1 1 m The Garden of Gethsemane at Evening Photo bv Adelbert Bartlett.

Oerhaps His hand had never known

The touch of graven temple stone; Perhaps His patient thought and skill WHERE MEN HAVE

Had never carved an ornate sill. HEARD

His was a humble art and rude, By QUEENA tools used were rough The and He crude, DAVISON toil, that a might yoke an ox To turn Or a wooden plow for sunburnt soil. MILLER

With reaching grace of arch and spire,

Windowed nave and recessed choir,

Beauty grows where men have heard

The message of His living Word.

"ASPENS"By JOHN HAFEN One of the loveliest pictures in the Springville collection. Hafen was famous for his aspens.

The meaning of religion IN THE LIFE OF JOHN HAFEN By B. F. LARSEN

For years John Hafen's paintings have had an uppull upon the lives of thousands of people who have beheld them...This article may

reveal the reason why, for though the pictures may have been a meadow over which the gulls were flying, alders in spring, or the old tepee, they were painted by a deeply religious man working under the spell of a religious emotion. The author, B. F. Larsen, himself an

artist, has caught the deep significance of Hafen's manner of living.

JOHN HAFEN the mountains for lovely themes to

History presents many ex- t&ECAUSEacteristicthisof letterPresidentis so Hebercharexpress.had increasedAs a andyounghismanabilityhis tovisionexamples of sincerely religious J. Grant, and because it gives such press had developed, but he enmen and women. There are an insight into the manner in countered the difficulties of many

the which smoothed he has way men who have espoused a spiritual scores struggling people, certain outstanding characteristics for of which we generally associate with we think it worthwhile to publish ideal in the midst of a pleasurethe truly Christian life. These qualit in full. Those who enter the seeking world.

building should not Office artist cost Paints and the money as Church ities in conduct be used may neglect to their opportunity clothes. beneeds food Hafen and the sticks formeasuring determining acquainted, come Hafen with John

extent to which we try to make our through his immortal paintings. found himself between two apparlives conform to the teaching of the We are sorry not to be able to reently opposing forces: the desire

great Master. produce the "Old Tepee,"one of better to understand the spiritual

The longings, the faith, the sinthein thechoicestSpringvilleof the HafenArt Collection,pictures and aesthetic aspects of the world cerity, the benevolence, the loyalty but its delicate mist reproduces so and the attainment of a better means of a man cannot be measured acpoorly in black and white that a of expression were in conflict with give the wrong would proper providing necessity the ofcurately. registered are These

piece. the in impressionreproduction famous of clothes adequate food and and disciplesthe hearts of loving and

3, December children. 1935 shelter for his wife and friends. can comparewarm But we Merrill: Dear Brother

certain aspects of conduct with funAnswering your request that I In this struggle to balance these damental Christian ideals and dewrite something regarding John conflicting necessities, which lasted that will I I consider that say life, entire his during see onetermine, we somewhat, a man's position Hafen, best landscape the far he was by life religious manifested. his of brother.as a Christian artist I ever has produced. Utah am phase

The call to service is one of the very fond of his 'paintings. After True religion gives us a concepfirst sure signs of conversion. The visiting art galleries from Scandition of God as a Father who loves

I to Italy, navia upon found my children. cares for Hafen His and ideal requiresChristian that a man return paintings every one by of my for close to in and asked drewgive of himself God in order to grow just looked as as Hafen good to megoodness. John Hafen's life was any that I saw in Europe—they had guidance and help every day.

least; in deteriorated not while the escape Religion to help us does not sacrificefull of domiand it was

all in paintings the other house my to meet us problems. It helps our greater to reveal a desirenated by did to not to begin so well look me

aesthetic and spiritual harmony to as they did before I took my trip to difficulties with peace, dignity, and all whose perceptions were less keen Europe. fortitude. It requires purity, humiland to those whose understanding He was always "hard up"finanity, charity, and selfsacrifice.

was less mature. cially, because he would paint a picHafen loved the wonders and ture,tryingandto sellthenit. spendFinally,a Ilotconceivedof time T-Tafen decided upon an art career

beauties of this world. He was the idea of hiring him for three years at an early date. But it takes

driven by a desire to express this and agreeing to take his entire outtime and training to become an

I got Joseph Geoghegan and artist. the urge to impressed have him. must sobeauty which One As put.

to confriends three two or of my is skill tell, in his of expression tried express, to but crudea boy he three, tribute two, four, hunfive, six way, the feelings which came to dred dollars each, and I applied to also important. Hafen came in conhim in the presence of flowers and President Lorenzo Snow for $1200. tact with our early pioneer artists;

hire "I will let the him and He said, sunlittrees Ottinger, Lambourne, mountaintops and and and Weggeall his paintings."Church have of help.fleecy clouds in the land gave him advice and He sky. He searchmatter. the Shortly I dropped So

ed the fields and woods and explored worked with Adams, Kerby, Jepper-

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1936

selftaught otherson, and men. He

pointreached a desire where the to afterwas homethis, onlyI wassixcalledweekstowhenJapanI wentand kneltthe topin ofprayerEnsignaskingPeak,Godwhereto touchthey go to the great art centers of Europe to Europe to preside over the Eurothe hearts of the Church leaders and perfect his drawing and color pean Mission. President Snow died and give them wisdom in making

three I two or after months wenttechnique a driving force became to their decision. decision was The it, and as Japan, Brother I understandwhich gave him no rest. artists favorable for the and they hired year. was only Hafen one for

He found a sympathetic advisor It was my understanding that his felt in their hearts that their going in George Q. Cannon, of the First paintings, with the exception of the to Europe was a direct answer to

that in building, our few we have ofPresidency Presithe Church. prayer. prayed continually They lost. in were has which been a boxdent F. very Smith Joseph was also In leaving to achieve. for strength painting First in the PresiThe

much interested as was President dency's office is admired by everyone London for Paris, Hafen wrote to

Heber J. Grant, then an apostle. who sees it, and people who claim to his wife at home, "This I think will

judges be art say that of he was thatThese art is a men realized in a close our sightseeing London, artist. remarkablegreat factor in religious advanceParis, the for tomorrow In adjoining the we leave for room the Onyx

ment. A plan was finally worked Presidency's Office, we have a paintfield of our mission. May God

ing depicting byout John a Hafen whereby B. snow Hafen, John John for noble great the strengthen us and

storm; I not think that do has anyoneFairbanks, Loris Pratt and were work."ever painted finer. anythingsent to Paris the to study by Church died left John a he When Hafen again, three wrote days he Within

art. to agreed Church The advance fine painting I Timpanogos. Mt. of letter says, this Paris. time His from

his that heardthe mortgaged this home for required was training money all that things "I above hope God I his to so went said: wife "Sisand artists the in toand return promised

ter so assistance divine will give the Hafen, get administrator you me certain theirdevote a portion of his to sell estate this to picture of I you I progress. unusual can make to thetime decoration beautifiit and I will for and $500 buy you from in of the hand acknowledge God for getting friends to $2000,cation pay of of the my temples the Church. In daily prayers."answering my it part the will of the money and payLater the of name Edwin Evans was

letter mortgage on your he leave of 25, 1890, the and home same July list. to theadded to you the I good. $500 no had is task herculean a says: "There It this to for time took plan some difficulty in that. I whatever doing in I if accomplish before which me "I'll said, state the get to pay $1000mature. First the Presidency While

to for allotted so short a time it me it in to put for the Alice Merrill deciding to do,were Hafen, what will collection. I to it the go them will here, through Home stay beFairbanks, to Pratt took and a walk miraculous power of God and nothing short of that."

believed that if a man lives H[afenworthily he is entitled to the companionship of the Holy Spirit.

That from this source one can and should receive practical guidance and help. He was constantly trying to live worthily. This is one

source of his great hope and as he believed, also was responsible for his success as an artist.

On the twentysixth of July he wrote, "I can truly say that I have enjoyed the companionship of the

Holy Spirit constantly. I hear men

say that anyone has no need of coming over here unless he can stay at least three years. But people that

talk thus do not know what motives are actuating me, nor in whom I put my trust, neither do I tell them for they would only scoff at it.

"I realize more than ever the good that will result from this mission, for if I would return even so soon as now, what I have seen is of inestimable benefit to me. It has humbled me as a child. I feel that I will

have to commence at the bottom and submit myself wholly to my Heavenly Father. In times past I have

found ideas, how one should paint, and what kind of aim a painter should have. While those ideas

were correct and I have no occasion "Windows"or "The Old Sycamore,"by John Hafen THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1936 to change my opinions, yet I could of circumstances which discourage tell will them, give and 'If you $1000not see or method through what how crush men. and expresses huHe

is this (it picture, for pic- a $2000 attained, neitherthey could be mility how reconstantly and hope and will I ture) I raise the other $1000.

high a degree of perfection those will subscribe $50 and get my friends fers to his belief in help from the ideas could be carried to by a being. to subscribe $25 or $50 and raise the Holy Spirit and to his trust in his

I have now the privilege of seeing other $1000'."Heavenly Father.

the highest pinnacle of success, and gotThethe statemortgagetook it,cancelled,so SisterandHafenthe Hafen lived close to God. He

not only that but the sky and space state owns the picture now. had a prophetic, sensitive spirit. He

beyond that. Whether I will ever I remember that one day he came knew that his ideas seemed childish

pass that point or even approach it, into my office with a small picture to those who did not understand.

that he was helped andwill depend wholly upon my faithforit. whichLater heonwantedhe came$250.againI boughtand He knew

fulness to the Gospel and the aswanted to sell me a $50 picture, and sustained by this closeness to God sistance of Almighty God. Such I said: "John, I never look at that the Father.

attainments your prayers and the last picture 1 bought from you, but True religion is active and not passive. John Hafen believed in theprayers of my brethren and sisters sothatI Iamthinkpleasedthat toI gotgive ityoutooanothercheap,

will greatly assist me to accomplish. $50 for that other picture and you power of the Church to help men.

I have felt the effects of your praytake this one and sell it to somebody He was an active church member, else."picture, I sure, feel That $250ers, also of ever brethren and participating in meetings my always

ill will to create is going among leftsince I have home. my with No Church members of his own I pass one family because away, when

knows, except God, how much I every one of my daughters has wherever he went. In Paris when

need those prayers. I did not fully spoken for it, and nearly everybody there were only four young men of

it it is that sees says who oneknow it myself until I came here."of the Latterday Saint faith, they orlittle if the finest, not the finest, pic-

T-Te seemed obsessed with the idea ture John Hafen painted. ganized for Sunday School and Sunthese conducted and day service

presthat with God's help he could Sincerely your brother, services other with no members accomplish much more during his ent.

stay in Paris than the men who were not so actively putting their trust in John Hafen loved and understood

God. He emphasizes many times nature. To him it was created by

the necessity for keeping close to (Continued on page 56)

God for protection against temptations and also for the purpose of "making gigantic strides onward in drawing abilities."

On the eighth day of August he wrote to his "beloved Thora,""I have a testimony that the Lord will enable me to accomplish all that is necessary in the year allotted for me to stay here."One of his companions suggested that it would

probably be necessary to remain two or even three years. "But I tell him,"

Hafen said, "that he may entertain such ideas but I do not. I am booked

for a year, but more than that, God's servants have blessed me with power to accomplish my mission and get all the knowledge of art required, and I know that God is able to help me to live so that I will realize these blessings. I have acted continually

in harmony with the promptings of the Holy Spirit, and the result has been good every time."

To John Hafen revelation was not merely something to argue about and substantiate from scripture. To

him it was a reality. Through the

Holy Spirit, God was communicating with him, guiding him, and touching his soul with a heartfelt assurance. He was not dealing in

idle words when he said, "I can truly say that I have enjoyed the companionship of the Holy Spirit constantly."Often his letters tell

The first painting presented to> the

Springville collection by John Hafen

Dr. Frank C. Touton, Dr. Rufus B. von Kleinsmid, Dr. John Godfrey Hill,

VicePresident President of U. of Southern California Dean of the School of Religion

in NOTABLE EXPERIMENTA RELIGIOUS universities take part in religious and spiritual education; second, that

fully acceptable courses of study, EDUCATON of university grade, may be built from the content of organized reliobjective third, that gion, the and, By DR. JOHN A. WIDTSOE of the experiment be more may

effectively gained by allowing each

The University of Southern California has launched an religious group to present its hisexperiment in religious education. The Church of Jesus tory and doctrine. These will all

Christ of Latterday Saints was invited to participate. be tested as the work progresses.

This article is Dr. Widtsoe, editor by John A. of The The need of religious education Improvement Era and Commissioner former of Education

for the Church, who is conducting the experiment for the is sensed by the nation. It is being

Dr. John A. Widtsoe Mormon Church. realized that national welfare, as well

individual happiness, can be attained only by the acceptance and principles use of the conceptions andTheCalifornia,Universitylocatedof Southernin Los versitycompletecampus;the requiredand studentswork receivewho constitute of righteousness, which

Angeles, has undertaken an suitable university credit towards religion. In recent years, parents

experiment in religious education graduation. In short, religion, as have practically surrendered the

which should claim the attention of understood by a group of believers, training of their children to the all Americans. Indeed, the develis placed on a level with recognized schools. The school day takes the

opments from this experiment may academic subjects, such as history, time and strength of the student.

in time modify, to the advantage of science, or philosophy. The school so far has specialized in

the nation, the ideals and practice The teaching of these courses is information on every conceivable of education in the United States; hedged about by only two, but necsubject, except religion and its proand its effects may be felt beyond essary, restrictions. The work must ducts, character and conduct. Yet

the boundaries of our own counbe given in a strictly academic manconduct determines the success of try. ner, by teachers of university train- a life. Knowledge may be used for

Several religious groups or deing and fitness. The courses must good or for evil; how it is to be

nominations have been invited by be expositions of the faiths and not used is life's most important conthe university to present their hisarguments for their truth. Prosesideration. The proper training of

tory and organization, doctrine and lyting belongs to the church and the spirit is even more important philosophy, in classes especially orchurch institutions. These are dethan the training of body or mind.

ganized for the purpose. Registrasirable safeguards for the groups inThe time has come when the school,

tion in these classes, while open to terested as well as for the univerwhich has taken over the major all students, is wholly voluntary, sity. training of youth, and therefore of

and intended primarily for students Running through the experiment the nation, should accept responof the faith represented by the class. are three main thoughts. First, that sibility for religious education. It

The lectures are given on the uniit is desirable and necessary that should give at least as much time to

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1936

the teaching of the existence of God ion or interpretation in the fields of their facts, that immature minds and the principles that build a physical and social science, should stumble and fall. Every worker

worthy character and lead to rightnot sputter when favorable religious with youth knows this to be true.

eous conduct, as of algebra or Engopinions are voiced. The unbeAfter all, universities, private and

lish, chemistry, or physics. Were lieving professor has the right to public, belong to the people, for

this done, good effects would soon cherish his own views, but violates the good of the people, and teachers be felt throughout the nation. his trust when by direct teaching or are employed to teach the accumuThe constitutional provision for innuendo he weakens the religious lated truth of mankind under the

religious liberty has no doubt deterfaith of his pupils. No really honest objective of those who support and

red the schools from making more teacher fails to label facts and own the institutions.

active attempts in the field of reinferences as such. It is over the Mudd Memorial Hall of Philosophy,

ligious education. The intention of theories of the learned, not over University of Southern California,

the fathers of the country has been misunderstood. It cannot mean, in

a country in which the coins bear the motto "In God We Trust,"that the religious impulse shall be absent from our national activities. It is

rather a guarantee that every man shall be allowed to believe as he chooses. The problem of the school

is how to give all an opportunity to study religion, without forcing any particular brand of religion upon them.

'T'he first step is to give religion a place and dignity comparable with other academic subjects. The

fact that religion as a study is largely ignored by the school, has separated religion, in the minds of youth, from other human knowledge and practice, and placed it on a lower plane. To the average student the

school is clearly a part of life; but

the churchoffering of religion seems a thing apart from it. To

give religion academic recognition in this schoolruled age would join school and church in the cause for human betterment.

The university, any university or college, may advance the cause of religious education by four accepted academic devices.

First, it may and should foster a friendly faculty attitude towards religion and religious training. The

intimacies of the class room are powerful in directing the thoughts and aspirations of students. Teachers may drop a word of goodwill

here, may make a moral comparison there, may point a lesson in conduct in almost every lecture.

Great teachers recognize that the chief purpose of church, home, and school is to train youth for a worthy maturity, and do not hesitate to make the end of their teaching the making of men. They understand

that what a man knows is unimportant in comparison with what he is and does. In a Godfearing

country, and our country still remains one, professors who under the cloak of academic freedom express any and every personal opinTHE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1936

Secondly, the university may proeducation is indirect, but of farsuch credits, but usually at an unmote general religious teaching and reaching importance. The univerfair discount, and some state instilife on the campus. There are many sity sets up entrance requirements, tutions do so also, with great disnon-denominational religious suband thereby compels, measurably, count, and with more reluctance.

jects that may properly be taught the high schools that feed it to shape The L. D. S. seminaries of high

by any university, however hesitheir courses of study accordingly. school grade ask for high school

tant about the teaching of religion. In turn the demands of the high credit for two years of daily study

the of Testaments. Old and New religion,Comparative the history schools affect to tend the elementexts followed; are Accepted correct literatureand the of Bible, lives the tary schools. In that the manner of methods teaching are employed,of Bible characters, are but types entrance requirements of the unithe fully teachers and are accredof courses dealing many with nonversity determine the course whole ited. Nevertheless, only onehalf religiondenominational in which of lower education. requireThe the is normal value of the creditthe of hands responsible instrucments, set up, once are changed if all, allowed, at the state debytors effective in would be leading difficulty, with infor the of law partments for is it such work, andyouth along the of path righteousertia operates as colwithin without usually further reduced unithe byness. Similarly, lecture courses on lege If halls. the university would versity, the subjects preare whenreligious subjects, for students and frankly that say Bible subjects and sented for admission. lies Here onethe public, are in valuable aids the other religious subjects, approved of the main opportunities of thecause. for lecEndowments such properly taught, full given be would university to the forward of causetureships been have the as made, credit entrance, toward religious religious education.Ingersoll lectures at Harvard Uniteaching of high school grade would

versity on the immortality of man, promptly respond. Today, largely Closely allied to the foregoing

or the Terry foundation at Yale, because of this situation, character thought is the need of having the on the harmony of religion and education is taught in a somewhat university accept credits for relimodern thought. Then there are indefinite manner without label or gious study of college grade earned

organizations, such as the Y. M. place, through the good example of in religious institutions of collegiate

C. A., the Y. W. C. A., the Roger teachers and curriculum content, standing. The Church of Jesus

Williams Club (Baptist), the Newall of which is good but too indefiChrist of Latterday Saints, for exman Foundation (Roman Catholic), nite as shown by the increasing ample, withdrew from the field of the Deseret Clubs (Latterday scepticism of youth. What is needsecular teaching as the state became

Saints) which on many a campus ed is definite teaching, classes in able to take over the work, but it attempt to give religious help to the subject, and texts as in other has retained religious teaching as its natural concern. Consequently,students and could profitably be enschool subjects. A generous uncouraged and supported by the unibiased attitude towards the subject just as seminaries have been instiversity. In Los Angeles, the Uniof religion would recognize through tuted to provide religious education

versity Religious Conference is domodifications of entrance requirefor high school students, institutes ing much good in interesting the ments the need for instruction in have been formed to do the same churches in giving students suitable human conduct upon the basis of for college students. Credits for

religious guidance, and in giving righteous principles. Many priwork done in such institutes and

direction to the work to be done. vately controlled universities accept similar institutions should be, and

indeed sometimes are, accepted by universities.A third type of university assistBridge Hall, where the experiment is

ance to the cause of religious going forward. The fourth method, and in many

respects the ideal one, by which the university may advance the cause of religious education, is the one now being tried out by the University of Southern California. To

give religion, as accepted today, a place in the curriculum, on the college campus, for college credit, gives the work a dignity to which it is entitled, and which in time will win practically every student in each group, with immeasurable profit to our own and future generations. The amount of work so

given need not be large; every academic conformity may be required

of those who teach and study; but

the results will have major value in shaping the character and conduct of our coming citizenship.

Regular, consecutive study of the gospel would be a powerful means of implanting religious ideals in the minds of students.

There can be no question about

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1936

the practicability of organizing the medicine, and government, in adThe vision and courage of those content of a religion of any large dition to a graduate school (now who are responsible for this experigroup of believers into a suitable celebrating the twentyfifth anniment should be fully appreciated university course, in which inforversary of its founding), a univerby all who love their land and wish mation and mental development as sity college for afternoon and eveit continued prosperity. The official

well as spiritual stimulation may be ning students, and a summer school. authority to undertake the work

gained. It will mean no doubt, the A friendly, wholesome spirit percame from Dr. Rufus B. von Kleinorganizing of the material at hand vades the institution. The UniverSmid, the brilliant president of the

according to academic practice, and sity of Southern California has a University; Dr. Frank C. Touton,

eventually, the preparation of text permanent place in the sisterhood the dynamic, scholarly vicepres- books. There is ample material in of American universities. ident; and Dr. John Godfrey Hill,

any sound religion to supply the At present the courses in religion the cultured, broadminded dean of teaching needs of a brief university discussed herein are given by four the school of religion.

course. faiths: Episcopalian, Protestants, One draws a deep breath and

To allow each denomination the Jews, and Latterday Saints. The says, "Can it be that, to instill into

privilege of teaching its own proclasses are all that could be hoped youth faith in God and religious gram is the most unique feature of for in view of the limited time that knowledge and feeling, denominathe experiment, which, however, was available for advertising before tional religion may be taught on a comports with good teaching practhe school term opened. The eveuniversity campus for university

tice, and enlarges the field of servning Latterday Saint class is filled credit!"It is so in at least one

ice. They who know a subject and to overflowing. The movement great university. May the venture

are filled with it, teach the subject promises to grow in popularity. prove successful!

best, and criticism from the outside that incorrect views are set up are silenced. Many who would not It Good For?care to enter a general course in What's

religion, will join their own group. Usefulness is considered a cardinal virNaturally, the university faces some tue at our home. We have no space

problems in this matter, but can no knacksfor uselessthat bric-a-bracclutter up mantelsand triflingand knickwhat- doubt solve them all. Since the hisnots making more dusting and performing

tory of human thought, or comno service. There are too many really

parative religions, or the wisdom of useful decorative things to take their places.

it if it can't the meet test—"What'sBuddha, are taught without quesSo,

attic for?"it goes, if it is the good up to

tion in most American universities, something that we cannot bear to part with;

why should not the established otherwise, off the place it goes!

and organized faith of any large That how my lovely old brass lamp in brackets stored the attic to be came group of intelligent, modern people electricity. for wired our when home was

be taught to those interested? They were very old, and I loved them be-

'"Phe University of Southern CalicauseI did thyewish areI hadthe onlya placeheirloomsfor themI possess.down

fornia which has undertaken with the family, but when the question was this experiment was founded in put—"What are they good for?"I had admit—nothing. 1879. It is located about three to I took them up to the attic myself, and

miles from the center of Los Anpacked them away carefully and tenderly, geles, across the street from the feeling all the time like a traitor. If I could

beautiful Exposition Park, with its only find a use for them! Maybe I can

all I myself, as and someday, gigantic Coliseum. The many the late, sooner, in or things come promisedtime—too after buildings, constructed mainly brackets came. the use for lamp

central Italian architecture, are not DESERT SENTRY The longwished-for sun parlor was at old to willow the lovely last beautiful well deto look at, only but finished—even By Jean McCaleb I stood furniture, couches. and comfortable instruction. of signed for purposes

effect of the the group studying back milliondollar Doheny The of see new you that Spanish swords of four casement windows Did flash bright? old in the library the finest end. portion of the south greater is among tookA portableup the

sill enchanting, inner enchanted the by the magic flower you Are on was box world. than five hundred More

I if I desert night? the of then stopped had, and began, only but fulltime, three hundred and over wish. right that in of middle the Up to

parttime teachers instruct the An ancient, giant cactus. the attic I went much faster than the day nearly 15,000 students. Among the On nevertiring duty—I had taken my lamp brackets up, and I

faculty are many eminent scholars. A sentry ever watchful. came down much happier than the day I

I for slowly. had so a place up guard this moon drenched had You represents faculty many faiths, The usefulness. of place my beauty. heirlooms—agone proSeveral the students. as do halfthe side of windows, each on One

fessors are Latterday Saints; and Did you see redskins clash, on way between sill and top, they were placed;

an increasing number of Latterday trails of early glory? and in each bracket a gayly colored pot

lobelia trailing placed, from which brilliant light caught was Is history's Saint are in students attendance.

blue. in of heavenly clouds hangs story? in your crimson colleges in schools or It maintains useful, but are heirlooms I'm glad my

letters, arts, sciences, philosophy, Colossal, jadeclad soldier, since an honest confession is good for the

I I that right soul, here admit as well may religion, journalism, speech, music, stand; staunch guardian you A

bring to going anyway, them down scarlet wondrous, volumes was What law, dentistry, pharmacy, comthat that anything the argument with armed hides in desert sand! Time administration, business merce and useful. is useful, mighty makes us happy education, social work, architecture,—Margaret Moloney.

The STARTLED DEER

Lawrence Grayson had a brother—only a brother—and, therefore,

Laurence was to him an ordinary mortal. But Oliver Grayson had some school children to whom he was strange and—wonderful. And there was a deer—but that's the story, and we'll allow Mr. Ayars to

tell that

him not quite so far away from home. He liked Jericho in the summer, because then people he knew

were there—friends of Lawrence.

But during the winter all these people would be in the city, away from the Lake Superior resort village. To

be sure, there would still be the natives, whose children he would teach. But Oliver knew so few of

them. And, except for the Jacksons,

those he knew he did not understand, nor did they seem to understand him. Worse than being without friends, even, would be the enforced separation from the art museum, from people like himself who

were interested in sculpture, and from any opportunity to study his art. He wondered vaguely if his

brother had a motive in securing a position for him so distant from these things.

Lawrence glanced up from his //rp book as though surprised at finding Oliver still in the room.

JLoomorrow,"said Oliver months won't do any harm. At the "You don't want to live in my

Grayson, tossing a letter on the end of that time you may have outcottage while you're up there?"he

table, "tomorrow I'll be leaving lived this notion of wanting to be asked.

you."a sculptor.""No, thanks,"Oliver replied.

His brother Lawrence, older by "I suppose I'm not showing the "I'll board—with the Jacksons or

five years, glanced up from his book. proper appreciation to you for getsome of the other farm families. It

"What do you mean, youngster? ting me this teaching job."Oliver would be simpler."

What do you mean—leaving me?"was always a little awed in the pres- "Quite right. Much simpler."

"I'm off for Jericho."Oliver's ence of his disturbingly efficient, Lawrence resumed his reading.

voice was subdued. "It's the—it's strikingly successful older brother There was another long silence.

the only thing left."who, for the past six years, had "Lawrence,"Oliver spoke at last.

"You mean—the scholarship taken the place of his parents. "Af- "Lawrence, what did the committee

you've been turned down?"ter all, this is a job. And I wouldn't say about my work?"

Lawrence read the answer in have it if you weren't so well known "Officially, nothing,"Lawrence

Oliver's serious face. up at Jericho. replied bluntly, although not un-

"I was afraid so. I talked to "Let's forget that,"said Lawrence kindly. "The men I talked with besome of the committee. But don't magnanimously as he resumed his lieve you have mechanical skill, or

let it knock you out,"admonished reading. perhaps I should say technical skill.

Lawrence. "There's always another Oliver did not want to appear unBut they say you lack feeling. There

year. Besides, at your age, teaching grateful, but he thought that Lawis a coldness about your work that

a oneroom country school for a few rence might have found a job for they dislike. If business conditions

into a run as soon as he had crossed the threshold. Perhaps the free

hour would help to make the job

By JAMES STERLING AYARS lessas andifficult.incentivePerhapsfor betterit mightwork.serveIt

might even bring him closer to an understanding of these children and make them more friendly toward were better, I'd send you to the parent inability to express their him.

Academy of Fine Arts for a year. thoughts, or the blunt manner in Under the scrawny fingers of

Then we'd settle definitely this queswhich they blurted the few words eight year old Lavina Porter, Oliver tion of whether or not you can make he was able to wring from them. watched a gaily colored paper mat

a sculptor of yourself. Teach at From grade one through eight, they take form. He moved on and stood

Jericho this winter, Ollie, and we'll read with spasmodic, mechanical beside Nick Thomaz. For a minute

see what we can do next year about jerks. From grade one through he watched the stubby, knotty fin-

( Continued on page 50) the Academy—if you still think then eight, they explained arithmetic

you want to be a sculptor."problems by simple but exasperating

With that speech the elder brother oneword formulas: "Multiply,"or

dismissed the subject. "Add,"or "Subtract,"or "Divide."

Oliver went off to his room. He During the afternoon recess of

pulled down from a shelf a copy of the second Friday, Oliver was volAmerican Sculpture by Daniel untarily approached for the first time

Roland Harper and thumbed it by one of these shy, inarticulate through idly. children.

He wished he had the courage to "Teacher,"asked a boy of ten, go to Mr. Harper with some of his whose name was entered in the class

work. Himself the greatest sculptor book as Nick Thomaz. "Teacher,

in the Middle West, Harper had kin we play with the putty in free the reputation for discovering young hour?"

sculptors and of making them pow- "Putty?"asked Oliver.

ers in the world of art. A natural "I'll show you."The boy hurried

reticence and the fear that his work eagerly to the small book case the would not meet with Harper's aproom contained, pulled open the proval kept Oliver in his room, glass door, and drew out a box of packing his trunk for Jericho and modeling clay such as children use.

the pine forests that bordered Lake "See?"continued the boy.

Superior. Perhaps after all, Oliver "Teacher last year let us play with

thought, he had better forget his this in free hour. And here are some

ambition to be a sculptor. The long sewing things, too, and paper things

winter at Jericho should help him to make."

forget. "What do you mean by free

hour?"asked Oliver.

Jericho school opened on "Every Friday afternoon we had the third Monday in September. At it if we got our studies good. Read

breakfast, Peter Jackson jokingly books or make things with putty or off, his admonished Oliver on the proper paper or—."Nick broke

way of conducting classes, while shyness having returned.

Mrs. Jackson, who had started her Oliver watched the boy tiptoe

residence in Jericho as a teacher clumsily toward the door and break many years before, gave him kindly, sound advice. Among the trees, deep in the snow,

aquiver, Nostrils a buck. atstood Oliver, never even who had

alert, stood poised the animal body diffischool, a rural tended found before he but a for moment culty in adapting college classroom bounded away among the pines.

methods to the twentyeight pupils who ranged in age from five to sixteen and in rank from grade one through eight. At the end of a week

he was so thoroughly discouraged that he was kept at his task only by his vision of an elder brother who had nothing but scorn for unsuccessful people.

Never before had Oliver known children quite like those who trudged every morning across fields and through the woods to Jericho school..jjVfr&P**'

He could not understand the curious stare with which they regarded him.

He could not understand their ap- n EDUCATION OF LATTERDAY SAINTS By FRANKLIN STEWART HARRIS, PHD, President of Brigham Young Dr. Karl G. Maeser University

First President of Brigham Young

University definite ideals which are based on a fundamental philosophy. They

is becoming mare and more eviare peculiar enough to believe that

IT dent that education is one of the man's advent on this earth is only most important enterprises to one of the phases in the eternal dewhich any civilized people can development of the individual: that

vote itself. This applies not only Dr. Franklin Stewart Harris man had life before mortality, and

to the actual money spent, but perthat after an earthly existence he haps to an even greater extent to firm believer in education, will continue to live on as an indiall eternity. throughout Presividual Harris, The inthe Stewart individuals concerned. No A Franklin

University, just Young of Brigham dent that believe Latterday Saints telligent parent any would place article this forth in set has ten his threescore during some of as and personal ofconsideration wealth or of education aims objectives and the years of earthly make life he may his chilof welfareease above the Churchsponsored especially of and dren. This welfare is so intimately education. Few men in the Church great progress in his learning and

tied up with the kind and amount are prepared as well as he to speak ability, so he may continue to prolife.of education which the children reonthroughthe subject,the educationalfor he hasprocessescome upof gress and learn during the after

ceive that no other factor in their the Church from the beginning of They also believe that by diligence lives will play so important a part life. there is no limit to what man may

a Utah, Benjamin, in born was of He eventually achieve. As a part greatlyin success, or their more

of Utah shores the on town this the philosophy fundamental attitudeaffect they the which south of Provo distance short a take littleLake toward life here and hereafter. in 1884, but at an early age he was members of this Church claim that

Education in its broadest sense taken by his parents to the colonies whatever learning and experience a early his he spent where Mexico in person while accumulate may well in as experiences all theincludes 1889 years the between boyhood life will just that and mortal place him school teachings whichas the direct 1903.

enter into the enfoldment of the perDuring his youth in Mexico he much further along in the eternal sonality and the development of the studied at the Juarez Stake Academy, phase of his existence.

powers of the individual. Home aAfterschoolcompletingsponsored hisby highthe Church.school In planning for the education of

environment and training, companwork he registered at Brigham Young Latterday Saints these fundaionships, and various kinds of work, University and was graduated from mental concepts must be kept conare all factors entering into the that institution with the degree of stantly in mind. The idea of probroader education of a person. The Bachelor1907. HeofnextSciencewentin totheUtahspringStateof gressive intelligence has the effect

school is the most direct and effiAgricultural College where he taught of making of Latterday Saints cient agency of education, but the classes in chemistry and continued fervent devotees of education, since other factors must be taken into conhis study later registering at Cornell they believe that the education sideration. Universitythat institutionfor hegraduatewas graduatedwork. Fromwith which they obtain will benefit them

Any group of people with the a Ph. D. degree in the spring of 1911. not only in this life but throughout

welfare of its youth at heart will Upon returning to Utah, President all the ages of eternity.

professor of all agronomy became the Harris of attention to seriouspay atgreat importance such With position held at he a S. A. U. C, influenceseducational which may it of education, to tached becomes as until chosen 1921, he was when the as as wellaffect the attitudes training vital that the concern Uniof president Brigham Young

academic accomplishments of these versity. During the period from 1916 which Latterday Saints receive

director of the also to 1921 he was people.young will conthat of the kind be at shall Station Agricultural Experiment are Saints someLatter-day The ideals. their to hopes form and State. Utah people. peculiar to a saidtimes be of acgreat a life has been His

to can conform education if to this is is field, taken true not NJo tivity in publications heThis the mean that they have horns or that having had more than 200 pamphlets, Latterday Saint ideals that upon articles, published books and as one of not does have character parare devoted to any of thethey alone. In addiagricultural subjects

It is its conceivchief objectives. that are of fanaticismticular brands written had published and tion he has

so stultifying to clear thinking. iiundreds of articles on religion, able that the mere accumulation of

They are peculiar, however, if we travel, and other subjects. facts or skill in laboratory manipumean by that term that they have lation could make of a person a

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1936

greater menace to society, provided have sought real value, as conthe knowledge were used for im- A believer in organizations which trasted with the artificial and the further interests the of science ends.moral dangerous most and makebelieve. to are separate The If we

the professional fellow man, is a he itracketeer is one false, be the the real from the may necessix who is the of thirty of national and a member best trained, and society, therefore, and international scientific societies sary to know the facts in the case.

justified of including the Philosophicalis not Society in contributing get of at the essentials truth To is Britain. of also Great a memHeits to training the of a person means scholarship. means have There scientific ber honorary of many will this to use informationwho educational particusystems, frabeen ternities including Xi. Sigma

tear down law and order. His travels have taken him into larly those of the Middle Ages,

If this constructivecharacter-edmany countries and completely where most of the training consisted ucation idea is true of society as a around the world. He was chairman in learning rituals, becoming acwhole, it certainly is even more true ofcifictheScienceagriculturalConferencegroup whichof the wasPaquainted with formulae, and folof the Church, which by its very held in Japan in 1926; chairman of lowing the directions of some

nature is devoted to making indithe Division of Agriculture at the former authority. In this modern

viduals better. During all the hisAmerican Scientific Congress held in day, however, there are so many

tory of the Church, in all ward ofMexicothe CityRussianin 1935;Expeditionand chairmanwhich opportunities for distinguishing beassemblies, auxiliary gatherings, went into Siberia in 1929 to assist in tween facts and fiction, and of

local and general conferences, charcolonizing Jews in Russia. weighing and measuring relative

acter has been stressed as one of President Harris met Estella Spillsmatters that there is no reason why of Toquerville, Brigat Utah, bury requisitesthe Latprimary continue should to adhere of good anyone

University while both ham Young will false points Saints.terday demonstrably to such The man who her. were students and married From

cheat or steal or lie, or the one who the union have come six children of view, as, for instance, those

cannot be depended on to keep his four girls and two boys. Three of The George H. Brimhall Building, B.

word and to help in maintaining hisfrom childrenBrigham haveYoungbeenUniversitygraduatedwith Y. U. Completed in 1935.

stability in the community, has albachelors'degrees and the other three ways been pointed out as one who are still studying in the institution found in astrology or phrenology.

is is his son, Frank, eldest who getting for methods or hereas attain here now have the bestcannot We of his graduate year on second work facts, of great store a and checkingafter. of Latterday In the minds of field physics. All three of in the

Saints character has always been his eldest children have traveled exand any practical people with a held far above any abstract learntensively in the United States, Cansubstantial background such as that

Chauncey, ada, Mexico, and Europe. Saints, of be cannot the Latterdaying, of education system any and

son, his second a Rhodes is now scholarsatisfied pseudo with any characterthat not emphasize does in in University scholar Oxford building and the development of the London. ship. They want the real thing.

individual along lines of stability, Despite his active life in the scholIn the education of the Latterday astic held Harris President has world, industry, dependabilhonesty, and of short therefore, Saints, nothing office to available practically every fority, the suitable members is not of standards rigorous the most in the Church. young men is unthisof no Church. There acceptable. scholarship can be Our in firmly education believes He this point,certainty do and on we is of proencouraging philosophy fundamental young always and

not want our children to participate men and women to get collegiate gression stimulates us to seek the early. training thinks waste it a He thatin does not emany education diligence, and to with great to truth students for college of even time building. characterphasize in real facts for the seek deeper off in the take quarter a summer

The Latterday Saints have aland encourages his own children to those things that are only partly ways been believers in the prackeep at it. true.

tical life here and hereafter. They ( Continued on page 5 1

frwfyz

age of their history the people of was external and not internal. It

Israel have found themselves face to was not due to any excessive disthe interests of clarity it will be facesignificantwith andilemmainsistent andwhichpracticallydivided positionof the Hebrewto pugnacityrace. inButthe onnaturethe

INbest to begin by defining the them and their leaders into two opcontrary it is traceable mainly to the expression "the Jewish world."posing factions or groups. It is uncircumstances that these people

One might, for example, understand necessary to labor this point. Those when they come forth from the

these words in a thoroughly objecwho know their Old Testament will nomadic stage of their existence tive sense. If this were the viewrecall many examples of it. elected, quite without inkling of the

point, emphasis would be laid upon To cite a concrete instance, there inevitable consequences, to settle in the description of the territory of is the cleavage between Ahab and the land we call Palestine.

Judah, its extent, location, physical Elijah. Ahab stood for a policy of One has only to glance at a map

features, and natural resources; upon adaptation to the world's life. He of the Near East to understand why

the population, its composition, raallied himself first with Tyre and students of those civilizations refer cial affinities, social classes, manJudah against Damascus. When, to the land of the Hebrews as "the

ners, customs, and institutions. It later, Assyrian ambition threatened Palestinian Bridge."It is the one

is not here proposed, however, to the West, he made an ally of feasible neareastern land route beapproach the topic from this angle: Damascus and effectively checked tween Africa, Asia, and Europe.

first, because that has recently been the Assyrian advance at the battle Here was a natural focal point of clearly and adequately done in the of Karkar, 854 B. C, Ahab's comexternal pressure, a spot where

fourth chapter of the biography of plaisant religious policy is a direct forces moving in opposite directions

Jesus written by Professor Shirley reflection of the policies he attemptinevitably met, a veritable hotbed

Jackson Case, and second, because ed to carry out in the realms of of dilemmic possibilites.

all that is sought here is a suggestive politics and social life. Elijah's opThe moment the Hebrews gained

sketch of a historical background, position to him likewise has a polit- a footing upon this bridge they beand this cannot be done in a purely ical and social background. His gan to feel the effect of their new

objective fashion. It is proposed, policy was one of independence, of environment. They had thrust themtherefore, to include in the term the differentiation of Israel from the selves, by force, into the center of

"Jewish world"those subjective or world. the world. Like all young and vital

spiritual forces which moved in it, This case will suggest many races, they were selfconscious and and indeed to lay the emphasis upon others, e. g., the cleavage between selfconfident. But, as they encounthem. Isaiah and Ahaz. But what has tered various powerful social and

T been said will serve to suggest the political forces, they began to realize desired point: that all the way down that adjustment to life in that habiTt is helpful, in approaching this the scroll of Israel's history there is tat was a complex and difficult matsubject, to state certain broad con- a vertical line of division which cuts ter. The contact of their native

clusions which may be reached by across every sphere of life, in every independent spirit with these ne- a study of the general significance age, on the question of what the cessities of adjustment placed them of Old Testament history. Hebrew attitude to the life of the on the horns of a dilemma from

1. The first is that in every great world should be. which they have never yet escaped.

world, to the conformed If they is that conclusion 2. The second of the author and permission by Used must they one alternative, which was endless division source the of this Religion. Journal of The

II

Tn respect of the great dilemma theTHE JEWISH WORLD Jewish world in which Jesus lived that differently situated than been. had always The IN WHICH wascountryno

Jews of his day faced the problem of contact with the outside world in a form more intense than it had ever JESUS LIVED before been presented.

This foreign influence had three

By WILLIAM CREIGHTON GRAHAM, Ph.D. sources.

of Alexander's When the waves they subsided University of Chicago worldconquest had left behind a fertile sediment of contemplate assimilation and loss of Hellenistic life in the lands which identity. If they refused to conthey had covered. As they lost

form, which was the other alternapolitical power the Greeks began to tive, they must place their material gain headway in the world of trade.

existence in grave jeopardy as the By the times of Jesus they were the price of maintaining an intangible commercial successors of the Phoeintegrity. This perpetual dilemma nicians, and the tenacity with which

perpetually divided Israel in every they held control of certain cities is phase of its life. directly related to their commercial

3. Thirdly, the point may be made proclivities. Through trade, as well

that all of Israel's institutions were as through kindred tastes, their relashaped by the necessities imposed tionships with Rome were close and upon them by this dilemma. mutually profitable. In Palestine

An institution is an instrument of Greek cities were independent of social technique. It is an organiJewish control and were organized

zation called into being by a social into leagues for defense and mutual need which, as time passes, adapts help.

itself to changing circumstances unLife in these cities and the areas til its work is done and it settles into dominated by them reflected the the rigidity of institutional arterioHellenistic spirit, with its love of sclerosis. pleasure, luxury, and the material

It was even so with the institurefinements of life. Greek was the

tions of Israel. They were called language spoken. Greek customs

into being by social needs. The prevailed. Greek money circulated

monarchy, for example, was the Dr. William Creighton Graham briskly for the gratification of Greek

solution conceived by the prophet tastes in food, clothing, and house

Samuel to relieve the political presfurnishings. Each of their principal

Philistines, bath, publicsure stadium, exerted centers by the writer had its C. Graham,

hall, unwill not be The Dr.of Williamthis article, likewise forum.temple banquetmusic an institution and was The

conceived by David, and founded by known to those students who studied Greeks knew themselves to be intruders, and unconsciously cultiSolomon, for the centralization of sityundera himfew atsummersBrighamagoYoungand toUniverthose the control of religious sanctions in who have studied under him at the vated that peculiar type of social social life. And when the Jewish University of Chicago where he is and economic aggressiveness by

state in Palestine was revived after Professor of Old Testament. which early generations of foreignthe exile, the rebuilt temple, through Born in St. Mary's, Canada, Sepers seek to preserve their foreignits clergy, became the instrument by tember 22, 1887, Dr. Graham has reness.

several ceived degrees from important gained Babylonianwhich Judaism point the of view of influFrom universities of colleges Canada and it control alone of society because perpopulation the native ence on of University the Chicago from and suited the need. and Harvard University in the United haps the greatest contribution the

4. Lastly, it may be suggested States. Romans made was the sense of the

that Israel's conception of God is an Gardening and carpentry are Dr. power of the world which their

outgrowth of the nation's agelong Graham's hobbies; his chief sports are presence symbolized. Whenever

effort to find a solution for its great golf and fishing although while in he encountered Roman authority, admitted he freely that he wasdilemma representative, even in its humblest of relationship to the world Utah match Mounno for a wily Rocky at large. stirred of every there in the mind trout. tain

The mobile wargod of Deborah thoughtful Jew the consciousness of is differently conceived manifestly perennial people's To admission that those changes rehis. of the Solomon, from who the god or conform, not to conform—theseproblem. flect circumstances. our changing in seclusion dwells within the Holy alternatives the he pondered. were

of Holies. The god of Hosea conIt is not surprising to find, then, And the difficulty of decision was

demns the blood of Jezreel for that the Hebrew people were almade all the greater through some which the god of Elisha gave sancways divided in their conceptions of beneficent effects of Roman rule.

tion. Whatever we may think of God, and that behind these differThe Romans made the roads safe

God Himself, we cannot doubt that ences there are always correspondfrom brigandage, and the seas from men's ideas of God change from ing differences in institutional techpiracy. Thus they stimulated worldage to age, nor can we readily escape nique. (Continued on page 52)

..

A TEN POINT PROGRAM FOR CRIME CONTROL By DR. ARTHUR L BEELEY

Professor of Sociology, University of Utah

of the most encouraging tion of the accused's guilt or inconviction the article this brief Beeley, Dr. a nocence. UponOne is at the signs present IN

sociologist, welltrained proposes will to offender committed then be public state of aroused control for crime a program which folcorrection of which, board a it to crime: opinion with regard all of careful the deserves study

its scientific study, will lowing own citizens citizens, action. drastic anywell for or American augurs

Whenever a social problem bewhere, for that matter, as the same determine the nature and extent of We the punishment necessary. comes sufficiently acute, it tends to lawshear aholdgreatgooddeal everywhere.of talk, especially

pass out of the discussion stage from the pulpit and the public platTt is increasingly clear that desituation, form, the yet crime about into of action. realm the

is terrence central the aim of little really constructive work intellivery for vigorous, a basis As retribution that is matters. and done to remedy go punishment We I action, the followgent propose officers, selecting the of job about to giving are and vengeance way

ing tenpoint program: electing preparing judges, and our of reformation. elements The

in the our penal same 1 data. Accurate certainty, severity speed, and it old see not to way. we institutionsMay 2. personnel. Competent

is receive consideration that atequal constructive something should 3. Broad legal powers. tempted when our legislatures meet? in the punishment for crime. This

4. Reorganization of machinery. millions, stacosts untold as Crime that greater use should be means

still little tistics prove, 5. and Socialization of we do our penal fine of probation. the and made

it. talk about more than philosophy. of possible the payment make To

6. Modernization of equipment. fines by instalments will materially

7. Scientific research. reduce the size and extent of our

8. Coordination of preventive social work should take the inprison problem. The jurisdiction

agencies. itiative i n providing training of the juvenile court should also be

9. Educational Publicity. courses for public officials dealing extended to include all young per10. Adequate financial support. with crime and criminal justice. sons under 21 years of age.

1 Accurate Data. To cope with 3. Broad Legal Powers. While 6. Modernization of Equipment.

crime effectively, state and nationour failure to curb crime in AmerIn an automobile civilization it is wide statistics of crime must be ica is not due, as some believe, to obvious that peaceofficers should available to all the agencies of conthe deficiencies in the substantive be motorized wherever possible trol. It would be a relatively criminal law, it is nevertheless, imand that all other equipment, such

simple matter for the United States portant that the model codes preas the teletype and the radio,

Census Bureau to collect and pubpared by the American Law Instishould be made available as neceslish uniform crime statistics. Such tute should supplant the archaic sary. Prisons, of necessity, will

data are as indispensable to the statutes still in force in many need to be modernized and made control of crime as vital statistics states. sanitary. Physical and mental

are to the control of disease. 4. Reorganization of Machintypes, to be reformed, must be

2. Competent Personnel. A sigery. There is a sound and growing segregated and treated differennificant trend in the field of crime belief that all of our agencies of tially. Overcrowding should be

and punishment is the shift from crime control should be nationalavoided. Selfrespecting work and

the use of buildings to the employized. By means of "compacts,"vocational education should bement of personal service. This is working agreements should be come integral parts of prison adillustrated by the increasing use of made between the various states ministration.

probation and parole in lieu of imand between the states and the 7. Scientific Research. Scienprisonment. federal government for the fullest tific knowledge should be drawn

in cooperation To the enforcement possible in wherever of upon our efably the election—prefersuperior of ofpunishment law and the fort to secureappointment—ofthe crime. Prisons cope with

men and women on the American fenders. should become laboratories for the

criminal bench should be the aim of Within the state, itself, it is scientific study of criminal bethe bar associations and the public imperative that the work of all havior. The scientific study of

generally. Similarly, the election peaceofficers be coordinated by a juvenile delinquency, especially,

or the appointment of public prosecentral state authority. In metroshould be encouraged by those

cutors is a matter that cannot be politan areas criminal courts should agencies which have already made left to "politics."Peaceofficers, be unified. All correctional instiworthwhile beginnings. The Inprison officials, probation and tutions and functions should be adstitute of Human Relations at Yale

parole officers should be appointed ministered by a state board or deUniversity and the Institute for under a civil service system. partment of correction. Juvenile Research at Chicago are

Such a raising of personnel stan- 5. Socialization of our Penal the type of agency that should be

dards carries with it the obligations Philosophy. Punishment to be efencouraged financially.

of increased remuneration and spefective must be individualized. There will also need to be a

cial training. American law schools, Ultimately, the function of the continuous appraisal of all agenstate universities, and schools of court will be confined to the quescies of criminal justice administra18

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1936

tion. The Institute of Public Law cently organized in Los Angeles of public understanding regarding

at Johns Hopkins University has and more recently in Utah. The the nature, extent, and control of

already pointed the way in this dipublic school, through a program crime, systematic steps should be rection. of guidance, behavior clinics, and taken to enlighten the public on

8. Coordination of Preventive visitingteacher work, should act these questions and to enlist its

Agencies. All preventive agencies as a coordinator between the home, cooperation in all efforts at law enin the local communities should be the school, the leisuretime agenforcement.

strengthened and coordinated. cies, the juvenile court, and the 10. Adequate Financial SupThe most promising step in this community in general, in the inport. To guarantee the security

direction is the organizatioa of terests of crime prevention. of life and property in our rapidly

state and local councils of crime 9. Educational Publicity. As a changing society and to extend and

prevention, such as have been remeans of raising the general level modernize our control of crime, it

t'necessary services more liberally. V<tVT<>W<tv><<<<-<<<-t will be necessary to underwrite all

Inadequate financing of these new and necessary functions is shortsighted economy. THE BEAUTY OF DEATH of the foregoing The application

By KAHLIL GIBRAN principles to the Control of Crime

Translated into English by Edward I. Malouf, of Salt Lake City, a in Utah is outlined in a pamphlet

to the convert Syrian Church. recently the Univerpublished by

to the is dedicated of the author. memory The translation entitled: Press, Sosity of Utah

f EAVE me asleep, for my soul is drunken with love; da/ Planning for Crime Control.

Leave me asleep—

For my soul is tired of long days and nights.

Let the candles incense and resting place; Pigmy Elephants by Burn my last

Scatter roses and violets upon my silent body; By Mary C. Shaw Perfume my hair and pour perfume upon my feet;

Stand aside and look Again, we, who are scientificAnd read what Death has written upon my brow. minded, are stirred by more

newlydiscovered fossils. These

Leave me drunken in the arms of sleep—relics of early ages were found on

My eyes are tired of this awakefulness. Santa Rosa Island, one of the

Channel group thirtyfive miles off

Strike upon the violin the Santa Barbara coast, the outAnd let the silvery echo of its strings lines of which can be seen from the

Ring in my ears. shore on clear days.

Blow the trumpets and musical instruments and weave This island, the largest of the

Of their beautiful melody a web around my heart group, is high, rocky, and barren,

Which is soon to stop. affording but scant pasturage for

Ye sing beautiful songs and spread sheep and goats.

Of its magic meaning a resting place The bones and fossils, so reFor my tired soul. cently unearthed, are those of pigStand aside and see the glorious light of hope in my eyes. my elephants,—little fellows eight

feet in height, while fullgrown

Wipe thee thy tears, my friends, ones are upwards of a dozen feet

And raise thy heads even as the beautiful violets raise their tall.

crowns Scientists tell us that in the long

Upon the approach of dawn. ago a great cataclysm over SouthSee the Bride of Death Standing as a pillar of fire. ern California caused earth moveBetween thy resting place and the sky. ments which separated portions Hold thy breathing and listen—from the main land and formed

Thou shalt hear with me these islands.

Its beautiful white wings. Large herds of elephants, then

stranded on Santa Rosa Island,

Let the children come nigh to my resting place—after years of interbreeding and

Allow their soft, rosy fingers to touch my throat. insufficient food, became dwarfed.

Let the elders come near me to bless me The pigmy elephants, however are

And to lay me upon their trembling and withered supposed to have been extinct hands; even long before the time of InLet the virgins of the village come near my body dians.

And see the shadow of God in mine eyes, These relics are now being arAnd listen to the echo of the everlasting music ranged in the mammal wing of the

Speeding away with my last breath! Sonta Barbara museum, which

contains only specimens found in titXlt'KXXitK'XJCVVlV the nearby region.

::-:SSfe.S%T:;l:::?:KS:?:;S:;l;S:Sffi>S!

o LITTLE TOWN

ay I sit here?"Dr. Wilson"Mlooked up quickly

from the magazine she was reading.

The girl was young, lovely, and beautifully dressed, but there was a look of fear in her wide eyes, and her lips were quivering ever so slightly. "Certainly, my dear."She made

room in her compartment and the girl dropped thankfully into the seat beside her, while the porter piled her bags at her feet and in the rack at her head.

Dr. Wilson smiled at her reassuringly and the girl returned itwith a feeble smile of her own. By FLORENCE HARTMAN TOWNSEND

"There were other compartments vacant, but you looked like such a safe, sensible person to sit by,"she really! And you'reexplained. you running away from your star- "Not—not

Dr. Wilson laughed softly. "I dom?"going home for Christmas?"

hope I am that.""Yes. From a personal appearThe doctor nodded.

She did, indeed, have the look ance in Chicago's largest theatre in "Then you understand, maybe,

I just had to go?"of a safe, sensible person. Her particular."why

plain face was one of character and "You don't like personal appear- "I'm sure I do. Is your family

strength, of kindliness and wisdom ances, then?"expecting you?"

Christmas Eve quite on "No. Notblended. was Her dark hair Ihe white face clouded. a heathensuch It seems anyway. withliberally sprinkled grey

: isn't any "There family—now. Christmas celebrate to forty ish liberally for herquite too way

it so makes what to thing do That's—that's conceited vain, tall a such stronglyyears. and She was go to I want should and strange—that parade of Christmas. the surely,built; look To had, on she this like running away back—and curious of thousands before to relied smirk upon. bea person

it cost I my me may know when. so?"think you Don't laid strong white her she Now eyes—job."small, trembling the over apofhand an idea quite isn't "It my sorry, dear.""I'm train girl the as of thegloved the one of day, observance propriate think all right. would "It's One great termthe to to leaveprepared I mean do you admit. what But draw there must be—someone—to afraid quietly. "I'm inal, spoke and instead?"do but like Indian, place to a back one cold."you're misty, eyes grew blue a The even isn't. not There's there

I just scared. plain cold, "Not It home."was going "I'm dreamy. the lived see, on we You I've run away."really not "Well, whisper. a almost the remember Dump friend.Dump—ryou the into looked Dr. Wilson is in I Holguess. home home, junk, My charcoal and in dealt and Dad conquick with eyes blue troubled old home. Where But lywood. my taunted all teased kids and the and

cern. I lived when I was a little girl. If me. How I hated every one of them

"Not from home, though,"she you could see it you'd wonder why—all but Ted Tullus. He fought

added smiling. I want to go back. It is just one for me and carried my books and "I seem to have seen you before,"of those little towns—Indian, Illigave me candy and apples."She

lived out paused and gave a delighted sigh Dr. Wilson returned, studying the nois is the place—and."we pretty face thoughtfully. "You're on the Dump—of happy reminiscence. "He isn't

not—it can't be—Rita Opaque, the The doctor had started. Her there any more,"she added regretmovie star?"hand clasped the girl's more tightly. fully.

The girl nodded. "Rita Wright "Indian, Illinois! Why, that's "Mother always did the best she

is my real name."where I'm going. That's my home could for me at Christmas. Dad

"I am Dr. Molly Wilson. Are town too."would bring in a little tree and

ILLUSTRATED BY ney had sympathized, and he had

MARY ROBERTS WARNOCK not dared defend her openly, but they held secret counsel together and it was he who revealed to her that at eighteen she should become charity for months, and I was as custodian of her own tiny estate, glad to escape as they to see me go."and that then she should be able to

do as she pleased.

Ihere was silence for It had been Sidney who had a while. The two stared at the helped her convert her small holdsudden flurry of flakes in the gatherings into cash, had bought her

ing dusk outside. ticket and arranged for her trunk

"I don't think I'd care to come to be sent. It was Sidney who had

back except at Christmas. The arranged everything, even to disDump wasn't an attractive place, tracting his parents'attention while

you know, but the snow always Molly slipped quietly out to the nade everything beautiful at Christstation at nightfall to catch the mas, and my sweetest memories are train. It was Sidney who had symof Christmas time. Even our little pathized and encouraged and beshack was lovely, and Mother allieved in her.

ways did something special, like She had felt many pangs of misnew cushion covers or curtains. I giving as she fared forth to the city

want to go out there and light a alone. There had been hours of

fire in the little old black heater and terror, hours of homesickness, set a lamp at the window like hours of loneliness. They had

Mother used to do, and make some passed as she entered upon her college course. crept Friends had tea toast. cambric cinnamon and her. seen doctor had not "The Now friends lonely life; her whom into the grimness to stepped forward she supper. used That be my On into

of that picture."Saturday nights there was jam. It she had kept through the years and

was a feast."who had enriched and made life

mother would dress it with popcorn "I'm sure it was. It is a splendid worthwhile. There had followed

and cranberry strings and set it in idea to have this hour alone with medical school and an interneship in front of the window. We were such beautiful Christmas memories."a city hospital, and then further

poor but we had a beautiful home "Of course your people will be study in Europe in her special line life, and we were happy. I rememexpecting you?"of work. Then a few years of

national recognition practice and to inber came Christmas one Ted is In expecting no one me. "No, success. of glow was tree bakingsee the mother and hers—the was revisit fact, to desire sudden my fruitful years. happy, Busy, I eleven, atecookies would he and is Indian than unaccountable more thoughts turned homehad Her eat everygladly seen him them have I running did your own. away my less less frequency with and ward inone."laughed rememShe I years ago. never twentytwo have fled. as the only years when It wasbrance. I've see, family back. been no You quiet occasional moments she had too. Perhaps smiled doctor I to either. The on back was way my little pensive a that alone she grew but her of own,she memories had a meeting medical from York New folk the back about and wondered did speak.she not I this in sudden, got when Omaha in course, of Indian. was Sidney,

"Ted is studying to be a doctor, overwhelming desire to spend the bright, particular star in her and I guess he knows better than Christmas in Indian, and here I am book of memories. She often wonto eat so many cookies now. He—here we both are—answering the dered what he had been able to do

always said he would be a doctor call of Christmas. Who knows? for himself; whether he had folthe guides Perhaps One whosome inclination to his an be the lowed."going to be own

in their stars is guiding courses you his architect, toa nurse—butday, andyouI see—was or succumbed had

and me for some good purpose that parents'wishes and carried on the She shrugged her slim shoulders under their weight of rich fur. at the moment we cannot guess."general merchandise store that was

thoughtfully girl nodded The find father's. and his Sidshe Would

silent, doctor the and was evi- "And why didn't you become a was store's the counmusty behind neynurse?"her dently with busy own thoughts. the ters, found he have or would

"Dad was ill for so long after They were sober reflections. Her road to fulfilment and sped along

mother died, and I couldn't leave whole life had been a sober one. its beckoning way?

him. We needed money terribly, Orphaned at the age of eleven she

and I entered the 'Search for had spent the following seven years 1he engine shrieked a

Beauty'contest you remember perin the home of an uncle and aunt. warning and the two women

haps, four years ago. There were They had been kind enough, but glanced anxiously into the dusk.

cash prizes as well as contract when at eighteen she had exEven after years there was a familawards. I got a contract two weeks pressed an ambition to become a iar look to the landscape. They

after Dad went away. It seemed surgeon they were both horrified were approaching Indian!

the logical thing to accept it. Ted and dismayed. The neighbors, too, "We're almost there!"the girl

wasn't there to advise me and the were shocked at so unmaidenly an said with a little gasp of excitetown generally was glad to be rid ambition, and added their protests ment. She pulled at her gloves and

of me. We had been objects of to their own. Only her cousin Sid- {Continued on page 58)

THE COVERED WAGON TAKES A JOURNEY EAST By MARY F. KELLY PYE

Andrew Jenson, as a small boy, walked across the plains with the covered wagons—

last summer he rode east with one in luxury and comfort. Here is the story of the lad who

went home to his native land to meet the king.

and given audience with the King when, on the 8th of May, 1866, they of his native land. left their home for the Rocky Mountains.

Andrew Jenson is well known At Hamburg, Germany, they and loved by the Saints from boarded the ship "Kenilworth"a

Canada on the north to Mexico on sailing vessel, which left that port

Andrew Jenson the south, as well as by those in May 25th, carrying a company of

Assistant Church Historian many foreign lands. He was born 684 Scandinavian Saints in charge

Dec. 11, 1850, in Thorslev parish, of Elder Samuel L. Sprague, a reamt, the arrived Hjorring ship Denmark, missionary. son of turning The 1847 the covered wagons were Kiersten Christian Andersen and 17th and York July at NewINheaded west for an almost mythJenson, who were among the first that city the emigrants traveledfromby

ical place known as the Valley converts to the restored Gospel in steamer to New Haven, Connecof the Great Salt Lake; in 1935 one that part of Denmark. ticut, and thence by rail via

covered wagon headed east over For several years Christian JenMontreal, Detroit, Chicago, and the old trail bound for Denmark, son and his wife had made preparHannibal to St. Joseph, Missouri.

the little country that has been able ations to immigrate to Utah with Here they boarded a river steamer to exist in the midst of mighty their family, but having insufficient and traveled about 150 miles up the neighbors without so much as a means to take all their children with Missouri River to Wyoming, a standing army. With that wagon them, they finally concluded that small village situated about six miles

headed east went a Dane, one who they would leave the two older sons north of Nebraska City, Nebraska.

had walked the plains sixty years (Jens and Andrew) in Denmark From Nebraska City, on August 8, before, an emigrant boy in a until they could make arrangements 1866, they commenced the'ir journey strange land speaking a strange for them to emigrate later. This of about one thousand miles over

language. was a great disappointment to the plains and mountains to Great Salt

The lad and the man was, since boys who, from their childhood, Lake City. The Jenson family

they were the same person, Andrew had looked forward to the time were assigned to Captain Andrew

Jenson, Assistant Church Historian. when they could "gather to Zion."H. Scott's Church train of about

The eightyfour year old veteran But Andrew, then 15 years old, defifty wagons drawn by oxen.

of many and long trails carried termined that he would not be left The journey across the plains with him a commission from Henry behind, if he could prevent it by took exactly two months, following

H. Blood, Governor of the State of earning money and paying his own the old Oregon Trail most of the

Utah, to take a covered wagon to way. way to Fort Laramie and the MorDenmark to be placed in a park in This he proceeded to do, and mon Pioneer trail the rest of the

Copenhagen in memory of the first knowing that as a farm hand he way. Several tribes of Indians

organized company of Danes to could never make the required were encountered on the journey, leave their homeland to settle in amount, he decided to go into busibut they were mostly friendly, havMormon America. ness on a small scale. Consequently, ing already learned to distinguish

The incident was interesting, but he invested the few "rigsdalers"between "Mormon"caravans and even more interesting is the man, he had already accumulated in oleothose of other people, as the L. D. S.

Andrew Jenson, He left his native graph pictures, which he imported emigrants were trained from the land as a lad of fifteen, poor, unfrom Germany, and commenced to beginning to treat the Indians with known, a son of a poor man; he travel around selling them. By reconsideration, and even to bear

returned honored by his adopted investing his money and extending with them if they helped themselves state and country and was received his business enterprise, he was able a little to things to which they were in Copenhagen with high honors by to raise sufficient means to pay his not entitled. About thirty of the

the representative of his adopted fare. As a result he accompanied emigrants died on the journey and

country, Mrs. Ruth Bryan Owen, his parents and younger brother were buried by the wayside where

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1936 they now sleep, together with umes of history, many of them per16, 1854, and reached New Orleans thousands of others, in unknown taining to the early settlement and March 1 2th. Unlike the later comgraves. progress of all the towns and cities panies, these Saints commenced the

The company entered the Valley in Utah. This compilation constiwestward journey with ox trains at

through Parley's Canyon, where tutes a history probably unequalled Keokuk, Iowa, making the journey young Andrew climbed a hill on the in any other state of the Union. across the plains a distance of 1,300

north and from the elevated bench Being an active member of the miles. They arrived in Salt Lake

had his first glimpse of the "City Church, Andrew Jenson has filled City September 30, 1853. These

of the Saints."The company ar- a number of important missions, were the first Danes to leave their

rived in Salt Lake City Oct. 8, 1866, during one of which (from 1909 to native land as an organized comjust five months to the day from 1912) he presided over the Scandipany for America.

the time the Jenson family left their navian Mission, and edited "SkanThis information having come to home in the little city of Saby, Dendinaviens Stjerne,"the organ of the knowledge of the Rebild Park mark. the Mission. In 1879, while filling Association with headquarters at

his second mission to Denmark he Chicago, Illinois, Mrs. Hilda

'T'he family spent a short time in was called to preside over the first Holmes, secretary of the organizaSalt Lake City, and then made Y. M. M. I. A. organized in a fortion, communicated with Governor

their residence in Pleasant Grove, eign land, namely, the Y. M. M. Henry H. Blood, suggesting that inUtah County, where Andrew was I. A. of the Copenhagen Branch. asmuch as this first company of

employed for a time on farms, gradIn 1927 he published a History of Danes emigrating to America nearly ing on railways, and in other manthe Scandinavian Mission and is all located in Utah, that a wagon ual labor. now publishing Volume 4 of the such a one as was used by the

to But, feeling the urge write, he L. D. S. Biographical Encyclopedia. pioneers—be sent from Utah to translating of the ideaconceived

into the Danish language the life of the Prophet Joseph Smith, based on the history of the Prophet published in the "Millennial Star,"so that Danish people who could not read English might enjoy it. He

began the publication of "Joseph

Smith's Levnetslob"in monthly parts, which he sold for ten cents a copy. This was the first book

of any kind ever published in a foreign language in Utah. In getting subscribers for the book he

traveled extensively throughout the

Territory and learned much in regard to the experiences of many of the earlier pioneers of Utah and, from notes made at this time, with additions, he later published a monthly magazine in the Danish language entitled "MorgenstjerThe Covered Wagon in its new home Denmark to be placed on exhibinen,"which was issued from 1882 in Denmark tion in the socalled Lincoln Log to 1885, when he commenced the Cabin, in Rebild Park near Aalpublication of a similar magazine in It is estimated that he has spent at borg, Denmark.

English under the title of the "Hisleast twelve years of his life away Rebild Park is a tract of heathertorical Record."from home engaged in missionary covered land containing about 400

In 1878 Elder Jenson became asand research work, and has travacres, which had been purchased sistant editor and later editor of eled over 800,000 miles, circumby DanishAmericans under the "Bikuben,"a newspaper in the navigating the globe twice, and has leadership of Dr. Max Henius, of

DanishNorwegian language pubvisited almost every country in the Chicago, Illinois, and where for the lished in Salt Lake City in the inworld. His four sons have also past twentyfive years, Independterest of the Church. He also pubfilled missions, two to Scandinavia, ence Day (July 4th) has been celelished "Church Chronology"and one to England, and one to South brated by loyal DanishAmericans

later, three volumes of the "L. D. S. Africa. and their friends. The log cabin,

Biographical Encyclopedia"and When Andrew Jenson came to named in honor of President Linother works. Utah in 1866 his was by no means coln, was erected about two years

In 1892 he became associated the first company of Scandinavian ago of materials collected by Danwith the L. D. S. Historian's Office Saints to emigrate to Utah. In Deish-Americans from the fortyeight

and was sustained as an Assistant cember, 1852, a large company, States of the American Union. The

Church Historian in 1898, a posiconsisting of nearly 300 Saints left Governor referred the matter of the tion which he still occupies. DurCopenhagen for Utah in charge of Pioneer Wagon to the Daughters

ing the forty years he has been conElder John E. Forsgren. They of the Pioneers who consulted with

nected with the Historian's Office crossed the Atlantic Ocean in the Andrew Jenson who, in turn, ashe has supervised the compilation ship "Forest Monarch"which sailsisted by the Chamber of Commerce of about 800 large manuscript voled from Liverpool, England, Jan. {Continued on page 34)

BIRDS

. AND THE BIBLE

subjects, was based on the need of his people for simple, direct teaching.

The records of Moses began four thousand years before Christ and the bird life of that distant time differed by species very little from that of today. While certain

mistakes are found in the writings of the great lawgiver, his grasp of ornithology is surprising conMoses reached the sidering the fact that he had noWhen choicest are man's among "DIRDS formuPromised he authorities Land other he might to whom *-* friends. sing to and him They refer. obviously His knowledge for lated the laws many flit his ear; delight about they

guidance of his people, who were among the trees or on the ground must have been gained entirely by ignorant and childlike. Moses before him and delight his eyes. personal experience or through certhe of the Canyon Grand Even tain traditions his passed by down fitted to admirably be a leader,was

is lovely Yellowstone more made ancestors. In tracing back throughfor learning of and he was a man circle the ospreys around which by

it life is chronicles inthe of bird culture, erudition hisgreat it their and alight cragtop is in upon and well reflected in the laws he pronests. In this article Gretchen Libby teresting to note that the earliest

Bible birds the the of all reviewed in records of the are found to hasmulgated. of these proved One

earliest that from has shown and of books Moses. the of all conservaforerunnerbe writers ancient the times and knew Following other came Mosestion particular laws. law This birds. the loved

prohibited the use of certain birds chroniclers of bird history, among for food and declared them an the Old Testament writers being "abomination."Referring to the owl, and the swan, and the pelican, and Isaiah, Solomon, David, and Job,

all eagle, cormorant, gier the and the and a remarkable show of whombook of Deuteronomy stork, after her kind, we find this the heron and the the habits of knowledge and charas follows:law outlined bat."the the lapwing, and and life. acteristics of bird

all shall eat. birds clean "Of ye But Thus Moses became the first Allusion is constantly made inthese are of shall not eat: they which ye

the eagle, and the ossifrage, and the osconservationist and writer of bird literature to the Bible writers as pray, and the glede, and the kite, and the life, and he refers to more birds historians, and many of them also after kind, hisvulture every raven and the great place deserve a among of compiler than does any other hisafter the kind, night owl, the and and all perpoets of ages. Nowhere, to Biblical history. he had What after the cuckoo, the andhawk, and hawk

his kind, and the little owl, and the great say about birds, as well as other haps, is their poetic genius better

A nest of robins in her hair."

Photo by Geo K. Lewis.

By GRETCHEN L. LIBBY

brought out than in their descripsome species native to that locality adays is so frequently a visitor to tions of subjects relating to nature. only. gardens and open fields where seed

The beauty of these lines can best The cultivated millet, rye, and plants abound.

be illustrated by a few examples wheat furnished the seedeating Jesus so often used the mustard taken at random from the writings birds with an everpresent supply seed to illustrate his parables that just mentioned. The following of food. There is little wonder, undoubtedly he must have obquotation from Solomon gives a therefore, that the feathered creaserved these dainty birds many

beautiful description of the comtures should be so closely allied, in times as they flew over the fields ing of spring and the return of bird Bible lore, to seed time and harvest. or perched on the heads of musand plant life. Jesus referred to this association tard, interspersing the search for

in the wellknown words: "Befood with their joyous song. Never

"For, lo, the winter is past, the rain is over and gone; the flowers appear on the hold the fowls of the air: for they long separated, they call back and

earth; the time of the singing of birds is sow not, neither do they reap, nor forth to each other through the

come, and the voice of the turtle is heard gather into barns: yet your Heavlong hours of the day.

figin land; the forth tree putteth our her enly Father feedeth them,"and The abundance of brightly colfigs the tender vinesgreen with the and

grape give a good smell."again, "Behold a sower went forth ored flowers found in the Holy

to sow; and when he sowed, some Land drew many insects. These

Pavid's early life as a shepseeds fell by the wayside, and the in turn furnished another source herd gave him ample opporfowls came and devoured them of attraction to many birds to whom tunity to acquire an intimate, firstup. insects are great delicacies.

hand acquaintance with nature. As we read the famous story of In the inclosed gardens of PalThis knowledge he constantly used Ruth, and follow her while she estine, many birds including jays,

field of Boaz, in the gleans robins, doves, can sparrows, we were andin his writings. of his word Some

clear, in imagination, the in while the trees, found nesting else hear, serve,pictures as nothing could, to bring out the lessons sweet notes of a lark singing above swallows made their homes under which the poet had in mind, for the waving heads of grain. the eaves. In that little country,

instance: Judging from the parable of the it was the custom for the people to

wheat and the tares and many spend many of the daylight hours

In the Lord put I my trust: how say similar references, weeds were as on the roof tops. From this point

soul, Flee a bird to your asye to my in Bible times as a pest much they of the flight vantage, birds of wasmountain?"

of today. still are to the farmer easily their observed songs and like that for I had wings a dove! "Oh

then would I fly away, and be at rest."To the birds, however, they were (Continued on page 39)

"He shall cover thee with his feathers not a menace but simply an abunhis shalt thou under wingsand trust; his dant source of food.

truth shield buckler."shall be thy and

Many Biblical references are Jesus constantly made reference made to the mustard, which apto bird life, the following quotaparently grew to a much greater tions being among those which height than in our country, in some have carried down through the instances attaining the size of a ages and fallen into common usage: small tree. The bird most often

said its branches found was among foxes the birds and "The have holes, of to the goldfinch, be which nownests: the but the air have Son of man

hath not where to lay his head."

"Behold, I send you forth as sheep in the midst of wolves: be ye therefore wise

as serpents and harmless as doves."

The Biblical reference to "the land of the rustling of wings"would indicate that bird life was very abundant in those early days.

This can be readily understood when consideration is given to the locations in which Bible history is laid. While this includes Egypt

and Arabia, it is the land of Canaan to which reference is most frequently made. This country,

though small, had a wide range both in geographic and climatic condition. This, combined with a

great variety and abundance of vegetation, gave rise to a corresponding variety in bird life, with

HE MADE NEM

By HENRY MAXFIELD

"Well, blow me down,"I thought. "What strange power

does that homely seafaring creature possess that could possibly induce children to smack their lips over spinach and pass their plates for second helpings? I must look

into this. Who knows but that

a Mussolini or a Hitler in disguise is working his way into the American heart through the stomachs of the younger generation? I must

Segar,"I said one day asTOanemic—-thateat spinachis orthetoquestion.remain 'T'heatregoers and comic strip see"Mrs.how far this thing had gone."

Sailor, cartoonist of the the the wife Eye, Pop famous * fans know quesrather that was the Or of but E. few them C. know for into her usual the market came sailor tion until a certain popeyed artistic Segar, Eye's "daddy,"Pop fruits vegetables, order of and the therefore along him. presenting are andcame championed we

cause of the vitamininfested vegeHenry Maxfield, a young writer "would you do me the kindness to of to for Nebraska, husarrange came meet your Omaha, now me table. spinach behas And now into the Social Center Lion House I to talk over band? somewant miniature popular as ascome was last attracted year he because was him."important thing very with

this it. class writing did golf in for and by the 1930. cry Children

Growing youngsters demand it. sketch while there. Mr. Maxfield "My husband is a very busy

the of pleasure meeting had she replied, if the mat- "but E. C. man,"bless patiencetried mothersAnd in his thereand, Segar home own sure ter is very he important I amthe unof the old salt who, name is fore, article this in able to reveal

intentionally, established himself the artist at work. will grant you an interview. Perthe food dictator and the benehaps if he knew the subject of your

factor of the American home. intended conversation he would

Of course it was unintentional. as, "And I must not forget spinach gladly see you."

As much so, in fact, as was his or Bobby will have a tantrum.""The thing I would like to disfirst claim to popularity. Knowing "And why should Bobby have a cuss with him is spinach,"I said.

Popeye as I do, I am positive that tantrum?"I ventured to ask after "Spinach,"she exclaimed.

never deliberately would he have having heard forty or more varia- "Then surely he will see you."

attempted to correct the food habits tions of the same statement.

of others. Would not such a pre- "Because Popeye says children T had never seen Mr. Segar but

sumption mean the giving up of should eat spinach,"the mother my mental picture of him bore some of his own pet vices? And replied. "Don't you read the some resemblance to the pugnahad he not declared emphatically funny papers?"cious character he had created.

on more than one occason, "I yam Of course I had read the funny Therefore, I approached his home what I yam, and that's what I papers and had followed Popeye with a slight feeling of uneasiness yam,"and defied the world to make through many displays of superlest some breach of sailor's etihim otherwise? But that was an human strength. And I knew that quette on my part should bring me

empty boast, for Popeye is not the he attributed that strength to his in contact with the fist that has sent same man he once was. And all spinacheating proclivity. But I men to lullabyland. However, my

"on account of"he made children never dreamed that such a testifears were completely dispelled like spinach. monial would result in a spinachwhen Mrs. Segar ushered me into

One Monday morning as I was eating epidemic. However, I kept the living room and introduced me

going about my usual tasks in the my eyes open and discovered that to her husband. He is a genialproduce market where I was emthe appearance of a Popeye carlooking man of about thirtynine

ployed in southern California, I toon containing a reference to or forty years and is rather slightly suddenly became aware of the fact spinach was always followed by built. His face has a look of boythat our supply of spinach, which heavy sales of that particular vegeish playfulness and his handshake

was calculated to last until evening, table. Our buyer informed us that has a cordiality that puts one comwas fast reaching the vanishing the same condition prevailed in the pletely at ease. He was busy for

point. It seemed as if every secwholesale market. Even growers the moment, criticizing some drawond customer had concluded her found it necessary to increase their ings which a young high school

purchases with some such remark acreage. boy had brought in.

LIKE SPINACH

"You'd be surprised how many eye has said that it is good for ing Popeye talking to children about think spinach. hope you won't we We people them."young to Mr. Segar come

are like your bother because too much wefor help with their drawings,"Mrs. Mrs. Segar brought a pile of letpictures'."Popeye

Segar remarked to me in an unters that had arrived that day and dertone. And as I watched the which had not yet been opened. Mr. Segar looked as if he were

enthusiasm in the cartoonist's manShe assisted her husband in going thinking of something amusing.

ner as he pointed out the weak through them in search of some- "Get that funny one that came spots and the strong features in thing to substantiate the statement the other day,"he chuckled. "You

the lad's drawings, and as he finally he had just made. know, the one where the family had

sent him away with an autographed "Ah, here is one,"he exclaimed. been out for a drive."

copy of Popeye for his "sweetie""It is from North Carolina. Listen. Mrs. Segar returned presently

I wondered if the influence of ''Dear Mr. Segar: I want to thank with the letter.

Segar's cartoons over children was you for what you have done for our little "Here it is.

''Dear Mr. Segar: I am writing to

ask you if you won't please, please stop drawing those silly cartoons about spinach. Last Sunday we went for a ride

in the country and were late getting home for dinner and very hungry. When we

sat down to eat, Thurston, our five year old, looked over the table and said, 'What, no spinach?'And, Mr. Segar, believe it

or not, we couldn't get him to eat a bite until I had got the car out and driven four miles to the nearest market that was open and had returned with some spinach and cook had prepared it. So please, Mr.

Segar, don't lay so much stress on boys and girls eating spinach'."

"And so we might find hundreds of such letters if we had time to go through some of our old mail,"Mr.

Segar said as he opened another letter. "Oh, here is one just a little

different. It is from the safety

council in an Ohio town.

''Mr. E. C. Segar, Dear Sir: At a

meeting of our council held last evening attention was drawn to your Popeye cartoon which appeared in last Sunday's

Herald. We note you had Popeye escort

a little girl across a crowded street and admonish her that children should be very careful to look both ways before crossing streets. Realizing the wide popularity

your cartoons enjoy with children we feel to commend you for the helpful sug-

E. C. Segar, Creator of Popeye boy. He had been frail for quite some gestions you inject into your drawings."

time and had no appetite. He had formed We shall be very grateful to see more

a dislike for every kind of food which the cartoons advocating safety rules'."

not partly the result of this daily doctor said he should have. Especially

contact with youth. did he dislike spinach. But he is a great "Did you intend that Popeye

since of have and you Popeye should dictator be a food when what now "And that spinach him can I do for admirerbeen making say makes first I drawing began you him?"kindly. heyou?"asked girls strong, been has boys and Sonny

I explained how my interest in eating it and finds that he likes it. Alasked.

that incidental quite as things "No, other better eats was he is he ready and the of his cartoons spinach element

I relish. will continue with hope you his birth. to as see was You when aroused through obbeenhad my cartoons'."into put your spinach I began drawing Theatre Thimble servations place at of employmy several years Castor ago Oyl was desire I stated to ment. know my is said one,"another Mrs. "Here principal the character. of In one his influence of extensive thehow is "It school Segar. from some I his episodes to occasion had send cartoons become. had in children a town. middlewest sea him voyage. on a course a Of

"It quite widely seems to be sea voyage complete would not be in class Segar: ''Dear Mr. Our felt,"replied. is scarcehe Hywithout a sailor, I conceived "There and litde giene Health book- a and is making

ly a day passes that I do not relet of health rules and habits. Since Popthe idea of Popeye. No sooner

ceive letters from some part of the eye has had so much to say about what had he made his first appearance to healthy eat should become States United from parents we than the he stole who children show and Castor it picture nice thought to be would a have feel that their children insignificance. into have been faded Oyl has the of of booklet. the cover him on Maybe

urged to eat spinach because Popyou could find time to draw us one show- (Continued on page 34)

Synopsis: Tom Reynolds, having lost

his fortune, takes his family from their New

York home to a dude ranch in Utah bordering the Uinta Mountains, which he had deeded to his daughter, Eileen, just before his financial crash. The title is threatened

by an accusation of intent to defraud. To

save the ranch, Tom must establish the factthat the deed was made in good faith. SILVER

Eileen sees Brent Baring, Uinta forest ranger, in the office of the forest supervisor,

Dave Morley, but Baring is not interested.

They meet again in a lonely spot on her she time she thinksranch. This is not GIRDLE

establish familyinterested. Reynolds The

a summer camp at the end of the motor road at Mirror Lake in the Uintas to supply pack trains and guide fishermen into the interiorof the high Uintas. Eileen wonders why By CLAIRE W. NOALL

she has not heard from Wayne, her sweetheart in New York, as she rides through

Intending Agassiz. forestthe Mt. toward region in PART V of the bird's-eye to take view a

order to'be of more help to her father, she disobeys the law of the forest and climbs alone to a high point on this steep peak. Being overtaken by a terrific rain was sitting on a parade in Rio. Honey, I'll pledge a toast

with the garden sea, and in some by to you slips rocks the storm, she wetand on snow blanket the ground, leaning EIILEENon it's I'll imagine I'm dancing, you whomever is the her mounsheas making down way against the of trunk her a tree with she. in not my arms, in. just closes tain faints night But as and

Brent has seen someone climbing Agassiz sprained ankle resting on a pillow "But after all, my exotic little whiff of to turned stardust has through mountains the forest andas scans he of pine needles, horsewoman—here's devouring Wayne's

I Eileen, the underbrave! the way, Byhis binoculars. does not know who He it letter. "Here's she news!"chuckled call it's that to to going take courage stand is, to realizing that is about but a storm

break and the danger of the situation, he as she read of the gay times her spot in the mountains your own. I hear

takes the trail from Rainbow to Agassiz. friends were having in that faraway there's a question attached to the title.

if will gesture next your be brave the finds unconscious Eileen mounonHe world she But, as What left behind. had

fails? wilderness in the experiment in last tain light of day. the snow The she sensed of the meaning Wayne's father? how's your is still falling. helps rescues her and He the"Oh—and closing paragraphs cold turned she dear, breath to and you, a "Here's my disinterest Eileen's to her camp, back and

is replaced by a feeling of deep gratitude. and as green as a cricket: of the strato over Rio. You're not the

Then comes a letter from Wayne. only one to seek the ozone rare.

"I'm afraid the migration to the wild and "Goodbye, my love, woolly is off. I may be flapping down to'"Wayne."

Janeiro in July. Gov is representing the

Corporation on the Van Insulin bond case. Yours truly is going to give (or take) his "Well! How very coy!"She sudfirst whack in a legal skirmish. Gov says denly found herself burning up inthe pin feathers have got to sprout, and if stead of ice cold. "What a perfectly

gets he the lights bright from me away that of telling of innocuous way me discover he a shining Broadway may beam fit into don't round square pegs little nob. thinkHe's probably own in my

ing of darkest Africa in planning that test, holes."

but I'm picturing the glow of the midnight With characteristic honesty, she was willing to admit that between the lines of Wayne's letter she saw a faint image of the girl she might have too, too, divinely been—just

perfect; goldleafed, giltedged,

quality de luxe, with froth for all'and care for none. "And now,"

thought she, "he's telling me the froth has blown away and the dregs are bitter. What a horrible way to

say it! Can't be cut clean? Have

I been nothing but a playgirl to that boy? Has he never seen anything in me but a laugh? And to

think how much I cared! But what

hurts most is the way he's missed

Dad's measure. Does he think my

father could be so petty as to scrummage a bit of land from the catastrophe he went through? Oh no!

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1936

He doesn't know Dad either. Bewealth hadn't hurt like this; physical There is more than the land at stake

lieve me, I'll show him that I love my pain was insignificant in comparison. in that deed—my father's honor, and

ranch and that this is no game."Faintness alternated between a dizzy my ambition. Both must be saved."

Burning humiliation held her in its sensation in her head like the whirlmatrix, coloring the essence of her ing motion of a dancing dervish.

spirit like white light broken down "He was my friend,"she kept say- 1-fiLEEN did all her weepin a prism. Delusion attacked her ing to herself. Heretofore the slaping within herself; the tears oozed

faith in friendship. It was the first jamming experiences of life had all from her heart. Then the injury

real shock of Eileen's life. Loss of been around the corner from her came up against something hard,

triumphant world, but she now saw like the resistance of flint to an onherself as the nucleus of a revolting slaught of gunpowder. "It takes

more than heartache a to put me object of derision and situation—the down; I can on,"she resolved. go scorn from one held dear. she had

I haven't a been good moun- "Dropped! deadly!"the For

I first words "Itaineer—-theknow thing did was lips. pierced her quiet ghastly "That

get caught in a myself jam and get

I camouflage—it's too disgusting! all to up; couldn't bunged have won

Brent's respect; I don't know an

earthly thing about raising cattle, but I'm going to learn. With that

single small herd grazing on my acres, my acres, I'll start a line of blooded stock that will sell all over this country. You may fly down

to Rio, Wayne, but some day I'll fly a calf from here to you and make you a present of it whether you want it or not. I'll go to an agricultural

college—maybe / can win a scholarship. There's money in a good

ranch. I'll make mine pay."

Her thoughts raced on at white heat, compensating for her wounded feelings, exaggerating her own importance, and then they slowly receded into the aisles of memory where she saw herself and Wayne in the midst of a gay circle, laughing the hours away. It was no wonder

that Wayne couldn't understand the vast change that had come over her in the experiences of the last two months. She was simply sorry that

he couldn't know her now at close range. They had been very congenial, but now she saw herself living close to the earth, wresting her

existence from its bounty and as single in her purpose as the blue gentian of the Uintas, opening its cup to the sky in the grass, there by her side.

"There is beauty in life—and I

shall find it; these mountains are

drenched with it. The rugged people I have met out here are as true

as the enduring stone of these high peaks, and as solid as their turreted grandeur. I will live as truly as I

can,"she made a promise to herself.

"Jimmie, oh Jimmie—-"she called.

"Huh,"he grunted from the underground he was digging.

"Bring me a notebook and my fountain pen, will you?"And she

started a letter to Wayne as direct and basic as his had been light and silly. {Continued on page 60)

EXPLORING THE UNIVERSE

By FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, Jr.

Recent Progress With radioactivity and the manufacture of another fertilized egg to see what

Cosmic Rays radioactive elements the chemistry would happen. By this means it was

prize went to Professor F. Joliot and discovered that a spinal cord, for exrays super X-rays cosmic Are ample, could be daughter of develop Irene CurieJoliot, where made to or are Mme.*"* particles bearing of matter they ordinarily the discoverers not been of radium. one have would

electronical charges? Dr. W. F. G. Dr. Chadwick working with the found. This development, once started,

Swann discussing the various theories bombardment of beryllium by alpha continues even though the original lead- (Natural History, October, 1935), beparticles (helium atomic hearts) proer is removed.

lieves that a new form of the charged duced a powerful radiation. The Jolwillparticle enable theory one to exiots Bothe the Germans, and and Billion Degree Heat in Stars

factsplain all about the major known radiaBecker, thought it was gamma cosmic rays including the increase of tion useful in cancer treatment, but Dr. I"Tnless the inside of stars are almost

intensity with altitude. Since the cosChadwick recognized it in 1932 as a **"entirely of iron their internal temmic rays are affected by the earth's stream of electrically neutral particles peratures must be about a billion demagnetic field they must consist, at least which he termed "a proton embedded grees Kelvin or 1.8 billion degrees

in part, of electrically charged particles in an electron."Because of its elecFahrenheit, the Electrochemical Sosuch as protons and electrons. Cosmic trical neutrality the neutron has yielded ciety was told by Dr. T. E. Sterne of

ray detectors are affected by secondary much knowledge of atomic structure Harvard College Observatory. (Scicharged particles knocked out of atoms when used as a bombarding particle. ence Neivs Letter, Nov. 16, 1935).

by the cosmic rays. Sometimes when Last year in Paris the CurieJoliots The hottest matter we can see is the

cosmic rays pass through dense maused alpha particles in hitting boron, outside surface of the sun which is cause,terials as lead, they such the out neutrons. occaknocking But after about degrees Kelvin. 6,000 Why in whichsionally, or burst an explosion boron alpha particles were stopped high temperatures? such Dr. Sterne

as many as a billion particles may be continued to emit positive electrons, as said that it is necessary to determine a ejected, according to Dr. G. S. Brown though it were radioactive, giving a reasonable mechanism which would

(Scientific Monthly, October, 1935). new phenomenon artificial radioactivcreate the enormous amount of radiant

It would seem that cosmic ray inity. energy that the stars have been wastetensity does not only vary as the fully pouring out into interstellar space

latitude field theearth's with magnetic Acid Tannic Burns For for at least years. 100,000,000 The

the longitude. also the withbut On reasonable explanation most would the that learned have "Physicians electrobasis observations of from eleto of transmutation the be seem for serious best treatment burn a sailing ships seven the ninescopes on liberating another, to ments one from

is narcotic, patient give the to remove a the told Millikanseas Robert A. Dr. great requiring energy, but tem- a high

first tissue, a the apply, and burnedlast the of National meeting Academy place. take perature to

acid, solution of tannic and cent per 5 are stronger the rays thatof Sciences in India and the Eastern Hemisphere then, immediately, a 10 per cent solugenerally than in the Western. This tion of silver nitrate,"Dr. A. B. BettTide in Rocks at Pittsburgh

of the University of Oregon the earth is lopsided with man thatmeans

ColPittsburgh is rising and falling from field. School told the American Medicalrespect magnetic to its

lege of Surgeons. (Science News Let13 to 23 inches each day, according

the at to accurate measurements made treatment This 16, 1935.) ter, Nov.Excess Vitamin D Harmless laboratories of the Gulf Reblack, research instantly leaves formed an almost

'T'aking large amounts of ricketspre- leatherlike antiseptic, protective dressfining Company in Pittsburgh and re- * venting vitamin D into the body ing, which dries and no other dressing ported by Dr. Paul Foote. (Science,

causes no harm whatever is the concluis used. Old fashioned remedies such Nov. 1, 1935.) This rise and fall is

sion from recent research by Dr. Harry as smearing with butter, ointment or due to moon tides in the solid crust of

Steenbock of the University of Wisoils, even Carron oil may make burns the earth, and was measured by an consin (Science News Letter, Nov. 16, more serious. In case of extensive extremely sensitive gravity apparatus.

1935). With the irradiation of milk burns call a physician, in the meantime The sensitivity is so great that if a

and other food products becoming keep the patient warm, and if no tannic fireman on a 500,000 pound locomotive popular some people are getting more acid is available, applications of very were to throw off a piece of coal vitamin D than they need; the investistrong freshly brewed tea will help. weighing onefourth of a pound the

gation was made to see if calcium fixNon-greasy, tannic acid pastes are also difference in weight could be detected.

ation, which this vitamine accelerates, of value. The gravity apparatus and magnetic

would increase to injurious amounts, and earthwave reflection test were or if there were other undesirable ef- "Leaders"Among Cells developed for use in geophysical prosfects. The experimental animals used pecting.

grew well and showed no evidence of Probing into the beginning of life, a abnormality.. German professor has found cells Argon Compounds

which act as leaders, showing the way into to develop for cells around them of up about which makes 1 % Prizes in PhysicsNobel A RGON, brain, of ** parts other spinal cord, and inert other the atmosphere, the andand Chemistry the structure which finally develop gases, krypton, xenon, neon, helium, "Cor making important discoveries in into man or woman. For making this and niton have been called "noble"

Professor in discovery, Hans prizes science* physical the Nobel enter into Spemann of gases didn't because they internationally Freiburg, Germany, just been chemistry havephysics and elements. But other with compounds for Letter, experimental embryology, (Science Nov.awarded known News

23, 1935). For discovery of neutron has been awarded the Nobel laureate in now Dr. Harold S. Booth and assothe physics prize went to Dr. James medicine for.1935. (Science, Nov. 1, ciates at Western Reserve University

Chadwick for work at the famous Cav1935.) Among other experiments, he have found that argon apparently forms

endish Laboratory in Cambridge, transplanted some of the leader cells, in varying proportions, six unstable

England. For discovery of artificial which act by chemical stimulus, into compounds with boron trifluoride.

NEW YEAR FRAGMENTS ON A RESTLESS NIGHT

By Rena Stotenbutg Tcavais By Elizabeth Burningham By Ardyth Kennelly

I pray ring, ring, a sweet poem, pray here a while before the clouds roll God, a poem! the they across snow, PauseThey

it silksmooth to bells, bells, I Let on little from by, come glad and tower me Gay steeple; Before, reluctantly, we let time claim feet,

They ring, they ring, and set aglow His clear, dear image. Here's his tree, Let it creep up beside me in the dark

The hearts, the courage of the people; the same Where I toss with wide eyes and aching

New Year, New Year, we welcome you, Whose fruits he loved to give away. And throat,

We laugh and sing in exultation, I And touch me with its hands.

New Year, New Year, receive your due, Recall a funny speech, a smile, a sigh;

We come to offer our laudation. See him make something for our childhood's Let it be quiet and soft and small.

game; Let it be still and bright.

They peal, they peal, o'er wood and dale, I watch him muse; I hear him call your

Clear bells, dear bells, the silence breakname. Let it come to me, through moonlight,

ing; Just poignant bits can memory supply. Through air that is white and burning...

They peal, they peal, o'er stream and vale, Why is it that the mind will not hold clear

O'er mount and hill, the echoes waking. Our image of one dead? We cannot seem I could sleep then, God. I could sleep.

New Year, New Year, we trust in you, Ever to bring the whole loved picture near;

Oh break the bonds, the fetters sever; It must return as a remembered dream.

New Year, New Year, our hearts are true, And of that life that we have held so dear, SERVICE

We pledge our loyalty forever. We keep but fragments, just a broken

gleam. By Arthur Wallace Peach

last are still and hates ol SONNET TO STARS When guns at

By Roxana F. Hase LIVING LYRICS Have earthvanished with the fears that gave

Lest some fainthearted grow through lack By Grace P. Smith them birth,

light of will records reveal life each lowly be name poem, a No may stars "Wour bright that millions of causedGod toiled for those peace, to Of unknown who line, in * every Rhythm appear, fame, in stanza, every Meaning all fear; allay to radianceTheir glowing life of Divine. Symbol

the torches white are the angels thatThey in the But heart whose of Him memory safely at night, sleep our as they guardHold Encircles eternity, life with His Set it to music's cadence:

. all glory shines.. both lowTheir on clear strong, Melody, and

... peer and its shall humble deed sure reEach have color, rich in Harmony,

let dear, holds the each Father him knowTo ward for festal Pattern song.

is sight. in precious everyone HisThat gratitude blessing Lord! The and of our

lyrics, living of there Pulses they matter season the are whatNo on, Sound our beyond blue. that in of shining canopyEach CHILD ken, A LITTLE Inspired, yet measures, human

that I might to reach grasp one andWould stir the hearts of men! To Hall By Lydia darebrave, loyal, and true. me everTo keep shepherds watched their flocks by A ND real I should joy beyondThen know comPITY * * *"* night,"pare,

Yet even now my courage they renew. By Edgar Daniel Kramer AndTheangelssweet,toldoldthemstorywheregoes, to find

"Colics pity me, The Babe in swaddling clothes.

EVENING SCENE * Because I find

By Eva Willes Wangsgard WhiteUponesctasythe wind, TheBywiseone menbrightcomingstar werefrom ledthe East things are oneBecause and lovely—allThese When Idayrompis through ToLaythe inplaceHis wheremangerthebed.dear Christ Child done; sky The painted when day is

fairy In ways hill; rising pale from a moonThe I shining star today, have No the dew, Amid rill; starlit, sleepy mountainA angel guide, whiterobed No eyes Because my night; of purpleshadowed skyThe little child, a you, But I have are tears wet With filled light; curtained with windowA side. lead to His me To rose withered For rest seeking food and baby >A

violet, And breast. loving a mother'sUpon

tree Because each And bloom and bird GESTURE TO A POET UNSUNG Are Mywhisperingsheart has heard. By Margaret Jane Cole

By Catherine E. Berry I pity folks, f knew so little what despair might mean.

Because they are * I thought perhaps it was a brave wild

VT'ou have not put your songs in flowing Blind to the light thing * words Of each pale star, Rent garments, wailing, and futile wing

That spill across a page in lilting rhyme, Because their hearts Beating the wires. Yet even now the lean

No one shall read the music of your Can never know Years overtake me after plenty; now

thoughts, The witchery I must relinquish love... Somehow, I

Nor know your heart has scaled the heights The breezes blow, find sublime. Because the grass No fitting gestures. I am disinclined.

But I have seen the poet in your eyes, And brooks and skies To flaunt a bitter lip, a tragic brow.

Have heard the cadence in your laughter, Are dumb to all These ostentations do> not suit me well.

too, These foolishwise, I shall go en much as I went before

Your words of love have touched deep, Because for things You came. I shall be neither less nor more

lyric notes... Of little worth Gracious or gay. My little private hell

Though others have been blind, mv dear.. Thev miss so much Is not for teacup tattle, or for jest.

I knew! Of God on earth. Silence and circumspection serve me best.

EDITORIAL

Inventions are now being made of the gains of Jacob's Message 1935. Discovery will be listed with discovery, and

HPhe China Clipper, a huge flying boat, weighing invention with invention. Empty gains these are

25 tons and capable of carrying dozens of if the year has not added use to use of our knowlpassengers and nearly 25 tons of freight rose into edge—wealth for human welfare! True progress

the air at San Francisco a few weeks ago on its rests upon the willing power of men to use all maiden voyage to Manila in preparation for later their possessions for oneanother's welfare. The

voyages to Japan and China via Honolulu, MidLord's plan designs happiness for all. It is useless

way, Wake, and Guam. The voyage to Manila to seek more knowledge if the will is not trained

and return was made in safety, and inaugurated a at the same time for the righteous use of knowledge.

scheduled service of three days from America and Latterday Saints should measure the past and

Asia, also making possible regular roundthe- shape the future by the standard of human welfare.

world trips by air. The China Clipper against the bombing plane

contrast. a deadly remain should needmost The crumpled; distance annulled time and Thus, was

is will resolution to the for towards ed 1936 bend were youthful the ancient the East thus and West will. the of ever peace and good words And a forsee could together than nearer brought man

is ears, ring should learned in our Jacob be "To understanding was ago. a generation new Thus

if of good, unto the counsels hearken they God."too to held long countries be possible among made A. W. far apart for sympathetic friendship. The heart—/.

of humanity thrilled to the whim of the clipper's propellers. President George S. Romney The China Clipper, flying over the expanse of

the greatest ocean symbolized man's increasing TpHE news of the sudden death of Elder George conquest of the material world. Astounding gains S. Romney, president of the Northern States

SoulStirring in our have of been made knowledge in Mission, to those surprise as shock a came and is the conquering exploring and age. Man limitthe well area and Mountain him Rocky knew who minutest the as well as less distances of space

his in to a mission seen of those him had who is pourinfinitely small. corners of the Knowledge vigorous, strong, Saint ambitious Latterday and

ing in upon the searcher; and power over universal presiding officer.

forces is given him. Yet, man's progress has only

begun; what the end may be is beyond today's Few were surprised or shocked more than Prespower to conceive. ident Heber J. Grant who had but reached home

While the China Clipper crossed the Pacific from a trip to the eastern section of the United

Ocean with its good will cargo of men, medicines, States where he had been in company with Presand freight, huge bombing planes were dropping ident Romney who was apparently in the best of lifedestroying shells upon the people of Ethiopia. health.

Rude hamlets in which civilized man would disdain President Romney had gone to Rockford, Ilto dwell, but dear to the humble natives of the linois, for the purpose of organizing a branch of land, were torn from their foundations and the the Church in that city when he was stricken fragments scattered far and wide by the powerful, suddenly at the home of M. C. Halverson. His

airdropped explosives. death, according to reports which reached Salt

The same knowledge of nature's secrets, the Lake City, was the result of heart failure, occurring same cunning of hand and machine made the China at 7 a. m., Thursday, December 19, 1935.

Clipper and the bombing planes. The same knowledge and skill pointed to health and happiness or President Romney, a son of Miles and Hannah

Utah, St. George, Hill Romney, born in was death. disaster to may Hood same knowledge and The

his his early life 12, 1874. During November civilization. or Knowledge our destroy advance

of itself is an idle gain. Better little knowledge family moved to Arizona and thence to Old Mexwell used than vast knowledge ill employed. Only ico, where he spent his childhood and young manwhen "knowledge comes but wisdom lingers"is hood in the Mormon colonies, returning to the

the struggle for new knowledge gains justified. United States at the time of the ejection of the

If human good is not the end of the search, knowlSaints in 1912.

edge has neither savor nor substance. President Romney has been active in edcuational

All this was said by an ancient prophet, Jacob, circles for years. He was graduated from the

the son of Lehi: "O, the vainness, and the frailUniversity of Utah in 1917 and a few years later

ties, and the foolishness of men! When they are received his Master's Degree from Stanford Unilearned they think they are wise, and they hearken versity. He was in Chicago pursuing his studies

not unto the counsel of God, for they set it aside, toward a Ph. D. Degree when he was selected pressupposing they know of themselves, wherefore, ident of the Northern States Mission. He had

their wisdom is foolishness and it profiteth them taught in Oakley, Idaho, and later became connot, And they perish. But to be learned is good if nected with Ricks Academy. After he was made

they hearken unto the counsels of God."principal of the institution it became a junior col32

lege and he became its first president. He was on pressed some flowers in our book because we car-

a leave of absence from the school when he was ried a bit of sunshine into the life of a neighbor.

made president of the Northern States Mission, in this manner we con over the pages of the the position he held at the time of his death. old Year, indexing it carefully for future referPresident Romney is survived by his wife, Terences. One item which should have many page

ressa Artemesia Redd Romney and the following references is happiness. We should be generally

sons and daughters: Mrs. Tessa Clark, wife of happier this year than we were last. Griefs may

President Charles F. Clark, of Cassia Stake, in have been almost overwhelming in their intensityIdaho; Marion G. Romney, bishop of the Thirtyyet their very depth has increased our capacity for

third Ward, Salt Lake City; Mrs. Lurlene Cheney, joy. According to Emerson, we cannot appreciate

Los Angeles; Antoine Kimball Romney, Provo; joy until we know its opposite, sorrow.

Mrs. Artemesia Baliff, Midway, Idaho; Mrs. JasAnother topic with many references should be

mine Edward, Chicago; Leona Romney, Chicago; that of family happiness. Our families should be

Mrs. Maurine Johnson, Kaysville; and Jinny and happier because we lived with them and thought

Marlyn Romney, both studying at Brigham Young more fairly of them this year. This does not mean

University, Provo, Utah. the giving of extravagant gifts or the satisfying of

President Romney was a dynamic man contribtheir whims As members of the home community uting wholeheartedly to any society in which he we should have taken more time to encourage the found himself. At the recent October conference better spending of time and energy. We should

he seemed well and younger than his age. He earnestly and patiently have tried to help each

will be greatly missed from the circle in which he <>thc* overcome our bad faults and habits. We

should family is somoved. large and has Romney The creasinghaythee 0*vcnabilitiesgenuineof eachencouragementone in the family,for init figprominent wellknown andamong so many

have show we felt his the,thatures that death will be up and down f we neenhowmoremanyconsideratePa9es dothis year than were we he ofvalleys the mountains Mexico, from where spent his youth, to far up in Idaho where he gave beiore.

to that section some of the most productive years The Old Year should have taught us much in the of his life. H. R. M. way of tolerance. Narrowmindedness has no

place in the books of our years.

.. In this way the whole year must be carefully

The UnCUt Book itemized and indexed and a careful estimate made of its merits and demerits. Born of this exhaustive,

HPhe New Year offers us a new book—an uncut systematic search of the year's worth our resume book, fresh from the press—unspotted, unwill help in the survey of the work to be accomblurred with the mistakes of that discarded book, plished in the coming year. This might form part

the Old Year. Before we open it, let's take up the of the yearly ritual for selfimprovement.

OldYear volume, with its pages torn and blotted, Now we pick up the New Year. Our first contreasured for the lessons it has taught of perseversideration will naturally be the dedication. One

ance, courage, vision, and of mistakes not to be woman in speaking of her home said that she repeated. Almost regretfully we soon must place it triec[ to remember that each child was a guest in her

alongside the other years with poignant sorrows house—a guest sent from God. She therefore

and regrets for remembered failures and with joys triecj t0 act in such a way that she nevef gaye for relived happinesses. offence to that guest. Using this idea, we might

Before we set it on the shelf, let us take Old Year word it thus: "This book is dedicated to the hapin our hands this New Year's Eve and turn the piness and comfort of my own family because from

pages slowly, one by one, never skipping any of them I can emanate friendliness to others with them, no matter how badly it hurts to see where whom I associate."

we failed. On this day, we proved ourselves to be A day by day assignment cannot be made for

petty and selfish; on such a day we were forgetful tne New Year because unforeseen events come into

of the little act or word which would have meant so view as the volume opens. Certain goals for

much to our fathers and mothers. On another achievement can however be set by including cerday the tear stains have nearly blotted out anything tain topics in the table of contents. Some of these

of good—because on that day, a beloved one, topics might be; increased spirituality, heightened

dearer than life itself, passed beyond to another interest in community activity, a mounting desire sphere of action. For several weeks there seemed for knowledge, truer friendliness, wiser tolerance,

such despair that we could never regain our old If we f now these chapter headings, adding other hold on life and our assurance that life is good, necessary ones, we shall progress farther and

In a few months more, the first wild grief had farther toward our goal—ultimate perfection which

subsided and we felt that we could carry on in win assure us a p]ace in our pather's kingdom, honor of our beloved. xNow we close, the Old Year volume and set it

Some of the pages renew a sense of wellbeing lovingly in its place on the shelf with the other and of honest pride within our veins. Here is years; tne Old Year is gone—long live the New

a little act—almost a forgotten one—but it started Year. The memory of the old is blended into the

a friend on the right path, it encouraged him to hopes of the new to bring a surer, completer, more try again after repeated failures. On this day we joyous living.—M. C. /.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1936

The Covered Wagon auspicesthe Assemblyof the SonsHallandunderDaughtersthe hesitateeven to tobecometake a drinkcompletelyor two inor takes a Journey East of the Pioneers and the Scandinaebriated. But Popeye, the teacher,

vian organizations. This trip has the idol of children, must be a

(Continued from page 23) filled a long felt desire on Elder paragon of virtues, so I placed him of Salt Lake City and the Sons and Jenson's part once more to visit his on the waterwagon, where he has

Daughters of the Utah Pioneers, natice land. been ever since. I wish I could

had the wagon constructed from take his pipe away from him in parts of original pioneer wagons reorder to make him thoroughly exemplary, but Popeye's pipe is a inforced with newer materials. He Made xEm Like

permanent fixture, as much a part

TThe wagon left Salt Lake City Spinach of his personality as his one eye his or forearms. [Continued muscular page 27) from And carried in early and was May

I so content must myself with gratis the the Scanover ocean by so the popularity of spinthe And having cured of him drunkenness Steamship dinavianAmerican Comfeature accidental. quite ach as was refined, with having and somewhat, a with Historian pany. Jenson fighter has been a Popeye always

his language, natural which though his wife included which in company his fights superand has shown to sailor the demoralizing would be daughter, Olson, Mrs. it I and felt Eva strength. necessary J. human

in chilthe used of presence when to left 11th Salt City to Lake his explain of great the source May dren."its destito the accompany in wagon these so power, and days when

I for thanked the Segar Mr. nation. is said being vitamins about much

left pleasant interview with and in their arrival Chicago to from to spinach Upon seemed be Z A feeling a that from Popeye on now enroyally they logical were the York answer. and or New Somehow

I better friends and than be would at tertained banquets Danish the other by the idea caught popular

I I felt ever before. as though at arrival their residents, in and upon fancy of the and view numerous

his into heart had looked had and

I letters bade I were Denmark, Copenhagen, which received have have fight seen the putting he up was city felt of the justified the in giving the spinach mayor welcome by fit to himself for the make comprominent of other element prominence."and a number

I panionship of children. realized

citizens. letters which had the wagon, reThe "Have have you that something had in comwe in shipment, sections for crated ceived influenced been in poryou any in business partnership, mon—a I in thence rebuilt traying Aalborg and character?"Popeye's was

I resolved that while he fact—and where, to to Rebild drawn Park taken know. wanted continued his sales of with work

it of feature the oxen, main "Considerably. the mail was by As right getting into the homes and

it 4th, in to realize celebration the that poured when I began July teaching the rising young genand was formally presented to the Rechildren were taking Popeye serieration the necessity of eating ously. bild Therefore, that Committee by I concluded Park Andrew

I to spinach strong them make if of in presence about the character beJenson were my principal faithfully stand at post would my

I the Primeincluding repeople, coming a teacher 15,000 had better out the and hand spinach with minister of Denmark, the Minister form him and invest him with a fuller understanding when grateof Foreign Affairs, the American few moral virtues. For Popeye, ful mothers came to buy.

Minister, Mrs. Ruth Bryan Owen, the sailor, in keeping with the pop-

a sister of King Christian, Mr. ular idea regarding gobs, wouldn't

Robert C. Lund, president of the

Rebild National Park Committee, RICH and many other distinguished men and women. Quite a number of By Edgar A. Guest NEXT MONTH

the crossed DanishAmericans had of has a troop romping WHO this celebration, to attend ocean floor, his parlor About youth A nightly their hears native of cheers, a round to loyalty Who'love and and is at the he door, When their country to adopted land and NEW SERIAL is side attacked every on Who enthusievident were made by the little eager hands By 7 astic greeted applause which his grizzled reach to tug the That mug, mention of either "homeland."The wealth of earth commands. 'Moving Mountains

leaving Before Denmark, the joys of knows Andrew Who Elder and Alma L. Petersen, Jenson girls and boys, By WALTER L. BAILEY lassies, too, His lads and

president of the Danish Mission, Who's pounced upon and bounced upon is his day's through. work private audispecial When given a were Adventure An

trousers the gentle tug know Whose Chrishis King with Majesty ence Far little North tot, glad some Of of the——IcePacksStory great tian, with received them who his love, of of crew baby The Polar Bears—Narrow cordiality. Mrs. Ruth Bryan lot. Is Owen wealthier a than

also entertained the Jenson family Escapes.

both at the Embassy and at her Oh, be he poor and sore distressed home. If Andwith wearya whoopwithhisthehealthyfight, troop Begin with the Beginning

Since his return to Salt Lake Run, welcoming the night, Starts kisses at greet the him end And has City, honbeen Elder Jenson February Number all his toiling grim, Of in a including ways, ored many is life in best he's what With Improvement Era blest The the luncheon tendered by Chamrich him. envy men And

ber of Commerce and a meeting in Used by Permission (fymrfntfimLOn

Fifteenth Annual Leadership ditional chapels in New York City and When some Solomon Islanders who

Week, Jan. 2731 at Rock Island, 111. reverenced the image were taken as A threeyear lease for a chapel on slaves to the Friendly Islands many

"Promoting Spirituality Today"is Broadway, New York City, was aryears ago, they carried the beloved * the slogan for the Fifteenth Anranged subject to approval of final de- "deity"with them into the land of exile.

nual Leadership Week which will be tails by J. Reuben Clark, Jr., first counThere it served as a source of comfort

held at Brigham Young University durselor to President Grant, who now is in and faith.

ing the week January 27 to 31, 1936, New York. Jacob Olsen, a white man who had

inclusive. Gerrit dejong, Dean of the The Rock Island chapel will be built married a native woman, secured the

College of Fine Arts, is chairman of by remodeling a large private dwelling. image. He was the first convert to the

have general committeethe and will in Islands. the Church Friendly conducted B. Colton President Don

of the program.charge week's meeting, the dedication gave image Baltimore He V. to Mark

will registration past, in the As in the three spent years meetings of ten Coombs, one a mison was be thewhich who for willfree there departments be and sion islands. in the prothat chapel day. Music was placed Mr. new Coombs

taste need.every and idol the in L. the the D. D. Washington, vided museum. by "Y"C,

The General Boards of the M. I. A. S. choir, directed by Edward P. KimBeing female, the idol is regarded as

are arranging a definite schedule for ball, James H. Moyle, United States rare, according to Dr. George H. Han-

M. I. A. workers who attend the B. Y. commissioner of customs, was one of sen, curator of the museum. Male

U. Leadership Course, January 2731. the speakers. idols are much more common among

primitive peoples, except in a few inStake and Ward Changes Visited Capital stances, he says.

Reported by the Historian's Office President Grant visited in Washington, D. C, and spoke at a meeting in Four Hundredth AnniversaryHHhirtythree Elders arrived safely Chicago.

A for their missions in Europe. Others with President Grant were of the Printing of the Bible

President Hebet J. Grant dedicated Mrs. Grant, Robert L. Judd, a sonin- I"ATTERDAY Saints will join with

the new chapel at Berkeley, California. law, and Joseph Anderson, secretary to other Englishspeaking Christians

Berkeley Ward is in the Oakland President Grant. all over the world in honor of the four

Stake. hundredth anniversary of the first printThe Garfield Stake presidency was ing of the complete English Bible by

reorganized with Milton Twitchell as Miles Coverdale. The exact date was

president and Charles A. Hymas and October 4, 1535. This achievement

Asahel D. Woodruff as counselors. meant that the Bible could become the

personal property people of many who appointed C. Harvey Bailey was

for to had read it been unable ward, hitherto Escalantebishop of the North themselves because of the prohibitiveGarfield Stake.

copies. cost of handwritten

South Jordan has been incorporated The influence of the Bible has been as a town. great enough to mold governments and

The new seminary building of the revolutionize personal lives. The Bible

Summit Stake was dedicated by Preshas so influenced the literature of the ident Heber J. Grant. Englishspeaking world that it is diffiLeslie W. Farnsworth was sustained withoutcult to pickfindingupinnumerablea book or referencesmagazine

as Bishop of Oxford Ward, Oneida made to incidents or philosophy found

Stake. in its pages.

President Heber ]. Grant dedicated A good exercise which will sharpen

the chapel at Sandy Third Ward, East the wits and which will perhaps shame

Jordan Stake. all good Christians into a more careful

The chapel in the Ogden Eighteenth study of the Bible which is one of the

Ward, Mount Ogden, was dedicated standard Church books is to have the by President Heber J. Grant. members of the family who are old

enough write as many books of the as L. Grant Lofgreen was sustained

of theBishop Ward, Ogden Eighteenth "Y"Museum Receives Rare Idol youngerOld Testamentmembers asshouldtheybeknow.encouragedThe

Mount Ogden Stake. A rare female idol once worshiped to tell their favorite Bible story. Surely

Samuel G. Dye was sustained as first "by natives of the Solomon Islands if the Church is to move on, all Lattercounselor and Wm. A. Budge was has been given to the museum at Brigday Saints should know their Bibles

sustained as second counselor in the ham Young University by a former much better than they do.

Ogden Stake Presidency. missionary who secured it from the Make the most of the four hundredth

first person converted to the L. D. S. anniversary of the first printing of the

President Heber J. Grant spent two Church in the Friendly Islands. complete English Bible as an opporweeks recently in the east in course of The image was carved from green tunity to translate its wondrous stories

which he dedicated a new chapel in ironwood, which has since become exand ideals into the lives of your famBaltimore, Md., and negotiated for adtremely hard. ilies.

Youth, Wilderness {First {M.G.M): of Story Louis Pasteur

: *"*Ahin with its struggle, dramatizaExtraordinary a little town, COMING ATTRACTIONS National)

its absurdities, it lovableness, against tion of the devotion of a scientific man a background of delightful family life. Watch for these pictures. Advance to his own ideals. It carries him

There is abundance of humor. The notices seem to say that they will through misunderstanding persecution.

direction and photography are charmbe good: Pasteur is of course one of the heroes

Juliet, Prisoner of and Romeo The science. of of conquest medical ing. boy's the Although Island, Shark Marie, us Rose Give Dir. Dieterle. Cast: Paul there: William theme, is the is much temptation This Night, Life of Song, Love

more drinking than seems necessary to Beethoven, The Song of the Saddle, Muni, Josephine Hutchinson, Anita point the plot. Robin Hood of Eldorado, Rhythm Louise, Donald Woods. Mature. Not

the Range, Gallant understandable. Defender, The the on Dir.: Clarence Brown. From

Petrified Anthony Adverse, ForThe Cast: O'Neill. Walplay by Eugene est, Sutter's January, Captain Gold, A Tale of Two Cities {Metrolace Beery, Lionel Barrymore, Eric Whipsaw, Ceiling Zero, Captain GoldwynMayer. One of the most

Linden, Aline MacMahon, Cecilia Blood, The Good Earth, It Can't celebrated of the great stories of the

Byington. Happen Family. Spring Parker, finds great storytelling, of Here, and Magnificent Obage its way

session. screen, to the with a brilliant {Columpanorama Punishment and Crime

bia): The growing sense of being a of things human and things historical

sinner is sin's worst punishment. This tender romantic love, swift drama, and

is the theme of Dostoievsky's great tistically produced and skillfully playthe terribly brutal tragedy of the French story. Even in this year of remarkable ed. Romantic, thrilling in action, Revolution.

cinema productions, "Crime and Punvaried in its interesting settings and Dir.: Jack Conway. From the novel

ishment"will rank high in its direction, particularly appealing in its human by Charles Dickens. Cast: Ronald

which invariably brings out and quality. Colman, Elizabeth Allan, Edna May

clinches dramatic effects; in its acting, Dir.: William K. Howard. Cast: Oliver, Reginald Owen, Basil Rathespecially by the two contrasted men; Sylvia Sidney, Melvyn Douglas, Pert bone, Blanche Yurka, Donald Woods.

in its photography which catches and Kelton, Alan Baxter, Wallace Ford. Adults and young people. Too brutal

emphasizes both beauty and spiritual Adults. /or children.

significance. Of course it is a sombre So Red the Rose {Paramount): A

tale. very beautiful and appealing story of Man of Iron {First National):

Dir.; Josef Von Sternberg. From the South during the Civil War, with Masculine in its appeal is this story of

the novel by Dostoievsky. Cast: Edits tragedy, devotion, heroism, and hu- a factory foreman's failure to take adward Arnold, Peter Lorre, Marian mor. The scenic effects are unusually vantage of his unexpected rise to forMarsh, Tala Birell. Adults. Quite lovely. tune. Fairly entertaining in its develbeyond children. Dir.: King Vidor. From the novel opment, with a boiler explosion and

strike factory as the climax. Cast: Stark Young. Margaret by Too {R. K. O.- I Dream Much Dir.: Sullavan, Connolly, on William Based Randolph Walter McGann.

: crystalclear superb, TheRadio)

Scott. story Powell. BarCast: a by Family. Dawn to Lily Pons, adds distinction of voice

this artistic production which combines ton MacLane, Mary Astor, John Eldlovely music with gay comedy of a redge, Dorothy Peterson. Family.

the wistfulness. poetic ofkind Among {20th CenturyFox) Marriage My the delightful numbers, musicalmany socially suppopular daughter of a The from star's rendition the Bell of Song fine business is a posedly man, who

its exquisite for is memorable"Lakme"life secret finds crook, love her and charm and clarity. almost sucked into the whirlpool of

Dir.: John Cromwell. Music: crime that eddies below the surface.

Jerome Kern. Operatic numbers con- A rather distinguished detectiveflavor

ducted by Andre Kostelanetz. Cast: story, very well presented.

Lily Pons, Henry Fonda, Eric Blore, Dir.: George Archainbaud. Cast

Osgood Perkins, Lucien Littlefleld. Claire Trevor, Kent Taylor, Pauline

Family. Frederick, Paul Kelly. Adults and

The Littlest Rebel [20th Centuryyoung people.

all genof the elements: WithFox)

: the The Virginia Judge {Paramount) this of versioneral appeal, screen

wellknown stage play offers unusual One of those pleasant, genial pictures opportunity for Shirley Temple's winof the South with absurdities of negro some naturalness, together with added humor and an introduction to the lovrange for her dramatic ability. Someable, simple people of a small town.

what rewritten to give greater strength The story of a rebellious lad who goes to the title role, it tells of heroism and wrong is not wholly convincing since, it is retribution, escapes although he Civil the during Phototragedy War.

hinted that than changed no he is more grace, artistry it has withgraphed and left is kindliness to that and one hope beauty, onlya teardrenched momenis really reform. court a working The We have LilypreviewedPons "I dreamtarily lighted whimsical comedy. by

Too Much"and find it to be an scenes are delightful, funny, and huDir.: David Butler. From the play unusually lovely picture. It is one man.

by Edward Peple. Cast: Shirley that you. should not miss if you Dir.: Edward Sedgwick. Original

Temple, John Boles, Jack Holt, Karen like a lovely set of songs, sung story by Walter C. Kelly and Octavus

Morley, Bill Robinson. Family. by a lovely girl, possessor of a Roy Cohen. Cast: Walter C. Kelly,

Mary Burns, Fugitive {Paralovely voice. The story is good, Stepin Fetchit, Marsha Hunt, Johnny

mount): A well constructed story, aralso, except for the drinking. Downs, Robert Cummings.

Jane Addams "PoLLOWiNG a check made on the readold statement which Browning made { By James Weber Linn, D. Appleton- *- ing of books, the announcement famousCentury Company, 1935.) was made that the average adult reads "Grow old along with me

seven books a year: two borrowed The best is yet to be

has so focused"Oerhaps no woman last of life library, from a cirThe two from a public *"as has nation the attention of her which For the first was made."library, culating borrowed one and

Jane Addams, experimenter with and from a friend. In addition, he buys The last picture of Amalia was not

saver of human souls. Today when sotwo books for himself or members of a happy one and it seemed that the

cial work has assumed almost terrifying his family. We could easily raise the author was almost unkind in the senproportions, everyone will undoubtedly average if only we would awake to the ility which she forced on her leading

find much of interest and worth in a power that lies in the minute. We character. M. C. J.

careful analysis of this truly remarkable could use time to advantage if we woman. would carry a book with us that we Automobiles From Start to Finish

James Weber Linn has written a might read whenever that extra minute (By Franklin M. Beck, Thomas

comprehensive and authoritative life occurs whether it be in the dentist's Y. Crowell Company, 1935.)

of his aunt, Jane Addams. Miss office or at the lunch counter. \TS7hether the author knows it or

Addams herself turned over to him all *"not, he has incorporated a very of her private files and before her death strong internationalism into this book.

it discussedpersonally with many or reads him any boy man It is such or drills. two marches this in they as the chapters appear a Wheninof country he learns each which how

as could be produced by the the number will its probablyvolume. over This be share to "man's conquest added

most authentic of the biographies which smaller grades or by the primary or space and the materials lying about will ever appear about this—M.woman.C. J. younger Sunday School children. him,"out theheworkcannotof helpeach feelingcountrythatthatwithac-

And Gladly Teach complishment would have been imIn possible. addition to the world Forty Days of MusaThe Dagh Mifflin(By BlissCompany,Perry, Houghton1935.) is fostered, friendliness Viking the geography emWerfel, ( By Franz

Press, 1934.) 'T'o A Church of teachers, this book phasized in a pleasing way.

illustrations will in arousing be The Gladly a welTeach do much And and of of moving power A novel interest library. an for the addition to anyone's an appreciation and come* in its great merit soundness style into delightfully the of the goes which easy auwork mechanism of The

philosophy is this book dealing with the thor, the aptness of his illustrations, the of the cars. If genuine respect were

Armenian question of the Last World references to names of worth in the taught for the making of the machine

War. The author is not entirely unfield of American activity during the perhaps more men and boys would

since to audiences Americanknown half past before they recklessly dashed century—all make the book hesitateat least of his plays, one and Juarez needlessly worthwhile. hazarding most about highways

Maximilian, has been produced by the The author has been a teacher himtheir own and other people's lives.

Radio Guild. self who resigned at the age of seventy The book deserves a place in every

doctrine of the brotherhood The in his as words, of because he stated own wide awake boy's library.—M. C. /. responsibility the feeling of andman it said "I did not of me, wish to have

abilitiesof those have superior who to as of venerable remarked a was once Story of the The Church inless fortunatethose are wholesome retire, refused that to (By Inez Davis, Smith Oxford Herald don who gredientssituation.—M.to mixC. into/. our presentday heresignation."—M.had all the ChristianC. /. virtues except PublishingAll LatterdayCo., 1934.)Saints should be

** broadminded enough to read this Forever Giant's Garden Spring on CameThe story of the as Church it has been

Streeter Aldrich, ( By BessAn Operetta written the of by a member Reorgan- (Words by Mary Hale Woolsey, D. Appleton Company, 1935.) ized Church. For the most part the

Music by Noal Seldon ( Heaps ) HPo anyone who read and loved A history follows very closely that of

Eldridge Entertainment House, Inc., Lantern in Her Hand, a new book our own. The difference of course

Franklin, Ohio, 60c.) by Bess Streeter Aldrich will always be occurs after the time of the martyrdom

welcome. Of course, it is almost too of the Prophet Joseph Smith.

HPhis attractive little operetta for chilmuch to expect that all books even by Even so, the author has handled the dren is just off the press and is a the same author will have an equal difference in a rather pleasing manner.

delightful addition to the operatic music appeal. Spring Came on Forever is In dealing with the Latterday Saints

for children's voices. Noal Seldon, N. not a great book and will not have the who followed Brigham Young, she

Seldon Heaps, in reality, is well known same interest for most people which stated: "There were very many good

in musical circles in Salt Lake City Mrs. Aldrich's style is never tedious or people in all factions, and the majority

where he has been composing and playthough there is a wholesomeness about of those who.endured the hardships of

ing for years. He is probably best her pioneering story which will always the long westward journey of the Utah

known as a pipe organist although he is command the interest of many people. pioneers were of that class.... For

versatile and can do almost anything Mrs. Aldrich's style is never tedious or thrift, industry, and many of the virtues

musical rather well. taxing. that make for good citizenship, this

The words and story were written Much can be said of the good effect faction distinguished itself.... There

by Mrs. Mary Hale Woolsey. That on the lives of people who will read is no one who cannot afford to view

guarantees that they are both interestthis kind of book which exemplifies with admiration the courage, faith, and ing and delightful. the leading of good clean lives. This capacity for sacrifice of the band of

The entire action of the musical play does not mean that Mrs. Aldrich's Saints who crossed the plains."

takes place in the Giant's Garden. It characters are too good to have lived The author is the daughter of the

is really a lovely little play featuring and accomplished that which they did. former historian of the Reorganized

seven easy though musical songs and The ending disproves somewhat the Church, Heman C. Smith.- M. C. J.

"K*??# "5T g w Im/f-

Emma Smith's Collection invited to remain for dinner or even Us, O Thou Great Jehovah;""Joy to

of Hymns spend a few days with them. Morethe World the Lord Will Come;"

over, they reared four children to ma- "Now Let Us Rejoice in the Day of

By E. Cecil McGavin turity in addition to Julia, the Murdock Salvation;""This Earth Was Once a

*\17ithin three months after the child. Another son, Don Carlos, who Garden Place;""O Stop and Tell Me

Icy Greenland's infancy. his in in died "From Man;"1840, Red born was * organized was Church Emma

in "I the ReMountains;"children That three placed Know had They My dignified labor called to theSmith was

etc. in Lives,"silent deemer persecution Mistomb. The to sung be collecting sacred hymnsof

little in this anPreface filled fear book appresouri her The with and Saints. the of public meetingsin the

: she time of the nounced her hension robbed and thus anspecial assignment wasHer

selecting in spent hymns could have:nounced Spirit, order sing to the "In and with by for the Church.

it is the that necessary understanding, the also, to thee, is it It collected shall given make that evident be "And Emma the should Saints of Latterday church it shall be sacred as hymns, of selectiona distracting during the hymns many collection adapted of a Sacred have Hymns, to is pleasing unto me, thee, whichgiven for early as as above: events mentioned and, gospel, belief in their faith the to and in church; ray hadbe in published 1832, were hymns June, far the forth promises be, holding as can as of the in song delighteth soul "For my is It Star. precious in fathers the the the died to Morning Evening and made who is the righteous of the heart, yea, songthe

a resurrection, faith glorious of and a dethe that unlikely not enemy when it shall answered be and unto me, prayera the reign years'earth with thousand on in press they the Zion stroyed Church their heads."blessing uponwith a

glory. his of in Notwithstanding Son Man also the which destroyed hymns Emma

still its it is in infancy, were, the as church, impress upon to neglected have Phelps collected We which and had W. W, is prayer righteous the of the as a yet song dilithis generation ofthe how minds with. assisting her was it is the that sincerely unto hoped God, mission this fulfilled divine shegently the of Council In minutes the High collection, following eye with selected an

to which she was called. If Emma had at Kirtland, Ohio, Sept. 14, 1835, it is single to his glory, may answer every

been a woman of leisure she could have recorded; "It was further decided that purpose till more are composed, or till we

complied with the request in a short Sister Emma Smith proceed to make a are blessed with a copious variety of the time. She was, however, very parselection of Sacred Hymns, according songs of Zion."

family, being her in of care theticular that President revelation; the to and

first colthis publication the of With cleanliof immaculate housekeepera revise to appointed be Phelps W. W. lection of labors sacred hymns Emma's to outside duty allowingness no and printing."for arrange and them close. this direction in did not She was to her devotioninterfere her with this decision the time made was At collection invited to others the to add husband.children and already "elect lady"the have must of ninety been pubhymns which had first appointfollowing her year The of collection vast hymns possessed a lished the in of In 1835. the minutes indistracting this task toment many first of selection since was her hymns

5. for 1839, Oct. Council High we her absorbedcidents occurred which It in press is a 1835. the issued from read fromattention. family had moved The inches edition x 3 vestpocket small 4%

Pennsylvania to New York, and and less than a half inch thick. The "Resolved: That a new edition of Hymn

thence to Ohio. On April 30, 1831, title page reads: Books be printed immediately, and that the

twins were born to her. They lived one published by D. W. Rogers be utterly

but three hours. That same day, in a "A Collection of discarded by the Church."

town, Mrs. Murdockneighboring John SACRED HYMNS A later paragraph on the same page twins. for the to Josgiven birth havingdied

eph and Emma adopted the Murdock CHURCH reads: "Charges having been pretwins in the fond hope that they would of the ferred against Brother Rogers, it was

fill the void in their lives caused by LATTERDAY SAINTS agreed that the case be handed over to

Selected Smith by Emma the destruction Council."High The babies. their These of lossthe own Kirtland, Ohio of the must have Rogers Book Hymn old nine days butchildren were F. when Printed Williams and Co. G. by for been thorough a single very not home. to the Smith broughtthey were 1835

Emma's time was well occupied for copy is known to be in existence today.

many months following the adoption This little volume contains ninety The minutes of the High Council for of the twins; for they had their share hymns. No title was given to any of October 27, 1839, read:

full illness her selections pubat- the musicof was which demanded and no select Sister that "Voted, Smith Emma of earlytention. lished in the books hymn publish the of for the and a use book hymn

little the Saints a year old they depended Before were upon Church. The the that Church, be and Brigham Young

boy, Joseph, died from exposure while the memory of the chorister for the informed of this action and he not publish he had measles; this exposure being tunes. the hymns taken by him from Commerce;

occasioned by the mob's carrying the Among the hymns which Emma comand that the Council assist in publishing a

Prophet from his home one night in piled for this first publication we menhymn-book and the Times and Seasons."

the early spring and covering him with tion the following which are still pop- a coat of tar and feathers. Joseph had ular in the meetings of the Saints: Despite the pressing household duties

been sleeping with the child in order The first hymn in the book starts of the busy wife of the Prophet she to keep him warm and allow the tired with this line: "Know then that every enlarged her collection and published

mother to rest in an adjoining room. soul is free."This popular verse held her second Hymn Book in 1841, at

Her son Joseph was born in 1832, and first place in many of the early comNauvoo. This collection included 340

Alexander was born while she was pilations of hymns. Other hymns of hymns.

traveling with the exiles from Missouri. lasting popularity are: One year previous to this, however,

Emma's household duties were a "How Firm a Foundation;""GlorBrigham Young and his colleagues

grave responsibility which demanded ious Things of Thee are Spoken;""Republished in Liverpool, a collection of

most of her attention. Scarcely a day deemer of Israel;""He Died! The 345 hymns, many of which had been

passed but some dear friend or curious Great Redeemer Died;""Earth With compiled by Emma Smith.

stranger called at their home and was Her Ten Thousand Flowers;""Guide In 1843 the Saints in Boston rejoiced

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1936

when one of their members, John times were undoubtedly much early Bible writers to refer to all

Hardy, published a collection of 153 tamer than they are in these days. birds, wild as well as tame.

in their for meetings. use hymns Many It is also interesting to note how is snaring habit of birds This in included selections of were Emma's the of proverbs; oftused bird Biblical writers a some used as by many she placed this compilation. hymn The Bible. traced to the be may The of the first in second collection comparison with appeared her means

little bird in the Hardy compilation. snares laid by man for his uncommon expression, "a

Even after the enlarged edition of suspecting companions. The foltold me"in all probability had its.

1841 appeared, comprising 304 choice lowing quotations from David origin in the following quotation,

Ecclesiastes: "elect lady"from of the labor the hymns, carry a warning both and a promking, in not the no, thy "Curse not cease. not activity in this did necessary

ise: shall the wicked he "Upon thought; in curse rich not the thy and this notice 1, late 1843, as Feb. As

is rain essoul snares,"for bird air of the and shall bedchamber; a "Our in the Seasons: appeared Times and

the voice, carry that wings, hath and which bird of the snare caped as a out the to adapted tell the matter."having "Persons Hymns the fowlers: the snare is broken, shall of of Christ of of Jesus the Church worship are There a number of beautiful are escaped."and we to hand requested are Saints, Latterday

mediately."them or send them to Emma Smith, imIt is quite evident that in those iginbird inlegendsBible history.which haveOne theirof theseorearly the feathered songsters days centers robin. the the about As colof interesting avocation Emma's in also cages, confined were where this story bird originally goes was the with cease did lecting not hymns pets. It as they kept were was all grey, in but to help carrying continued husband. She her of death is said, Jeremiah a cage "As who its the cross Christ on breast belarge the to appropriate to hymns add their birds, full of are so houses stained precious with came His durassembled collection that she had

ing her early life. Sixteen years after full of deceit; therefore they are blood. From that time on it has

the martyrdom of her husband she prebecome great, and waxen rich."carried with it this emblem of comsented her son Joseph with a bulky Job also made reference to this passion.

manuscript which contained numerous custom in the words: "Wilt thou The Bible has proved a nevercollection published her to play additions bird? or with with him as a ending source inspiration of and enlarged This hymns. embracing 304 wilt for bind thou thy maidhim all in life knowledge walks of down published subsequently edition by was ens? it the through ages, has and formed the Church. Reorganized

Biblical reference Constant is the basis activity for every known in Zion passes a Sabbath Scarcely fowl. to the term This word It is in the world. not strange, at made inspired are not by the Saints that

least one of the hymns which Emma was probably first applied to the therefore, that its compilers should

Smith had carefully selected for her domestic variety of birds about 600 include in no mean measure the first editions of hymns which issued B. C, when birds began to be kept creatures of His creation, and one

from the press one hundred years ago in cages and fattened for food. can turn its pages, written thouthis summer. It is quite evident, however, that sands of years ago, and find much

the name was also used by the authentic bird lore.

Birds and the Bible (Continued from page 25)

enjoyed to the fullest possible extent.

A givennumberin theofBibleallusionswhich unare doubtedly refer to that season of the year when great numbers of birds were seen in migration.

Jeremiah proved that a knowledge of migratory bird life was common in his time when he records that, "the stork in the heaven knoweth her appointed times; and the turtle

and the crane and the swallow observe the time of their coming."

In the poetic words, "As birds flying, so will the Lord of hosts defend Jerusalem,"Isaiah compares

God's protection of Jerusalem to birds seeking their home lands.

A common practice frequently mentioned throughout the Bible was that of snaring or netting birds for use as foods or for sacrifice.

This frightened the birds less than the present method of shooting, so that the wild creatures of those esied the Saints that would be drivenWard Teacher's Message for February, 1936 to the Mountains. Rocky

lessens the respect to due 6,"Respect for Authority"no Smith way it. September

It enforced. only Respect be cannot can 1842—Josephaddress relating wrote important

/Vne of the most fundamental prinbe established and maintained through baptism for the dead and necessityto ciples of successful government, education, understanding, and love of for keeping records.

for authorcivil, is respect orchurch the the Lord. 2, Respect again for April Smith work of

ity. It is absolutely necessary in any authorities the as repreof 1843—Josephregarding prophesied Church Civil War;

plan in which people hope to live tosented by its leaders—General, Stake, that it would be caused by slavery

civil Ingether in peace and harmony. been one of begin at South Carolina. Ward, and and Mission—has

is authority constituted emgovernment the greatest factors in its development 27, Smith and his Junepowered to enforce respect for its and progress. If it were not forthbrother 1844—JosephHyrum, Patriarch of the

rights and decrees. This is necessary coming, disorder, lack of unity, and Church, were martyred in Carthage

for the good of society. Without it distintegration would result. jail.

chaos would prevail. Respect for authority is an indicaAugust 8, 1844—Brigham Young and

Latterday Saints are taught to have tion of loyalty, of acceptance, of faith Twelve were appointed to lead the respect for civil authorities. The and of obedience, all necessary attriChurch.Twelfth Article of Faith commits us butes of good citizenship and consistent April 14, 1847—"Mormon"Pioneers

definitely to such an attitude. "We membership in any government or left Winter Quarters for the Rocky

believe in being subject to Kings, Preschurch. Latterday Saints should be Mountains.

idents, Rulers, and Magistrates, in outstanding in showing examples of July 23, 1847—Advance company of

obeying, honoring and sustaining the respect for and loyalty to authority. Pioneers reached Salt Lake Valley

law."Our children should be taught in the and used irrigation for -the first time

In Church Government respect for home and in our organizations respect on this continent by AngloSaxons.

authority is no less important and for all authority and particularly for July 24, 1847—Main company of Pionecessary. In our Church this is espethe authority of our Father in Heaven neers reached Salt Lake Valley.

cially true. The authority of this as represented by those who are called July 25, 1847—First L. D. S. religious

Church is God's authority. The fact to places of responsibility in His service held in Salt Lake Valley.

that it has been delegated to man in Church. July 26, 1847—Ensign Peak explored

and named. 27, River was of June Brief ChronologyA 6, 1831—First High Priests orJuly 1847—Jordan named. dained. HistoryChurch

28, 1847—Site of Salt Lake TemAugust Lot at IndeJuly born. 23, 1Dec. Smith was 3, 1831—Temple

ple located. dedicated. pendence first viSpring, 805—Joseph Smith's sion. 1820—Joseph November 3, 1831—Revelation was August 2, 1847—Survey of Salt Lake

given City was on Aaronic Priesthood, showSept.

5, December 21, 1823—Angel Moroni's first ing nature and authority. visit. commenced.1847—Brigham Young

became firstSept. 22, 25, Smith Smith gave visDecember 1823—-Joseph 1 832—Joseph April foretelling plates Civil Hill ited prophecy 6, 1853—CornerstonesPresident of the Church.of the saw the Cumorah and War.

were laid. Salt Lake Temple of the February Book of Mormon.

10, Taylor be27, 1 833—Word of Wisdom OctoberSept. 22, 1880—John was revealed. of Mormon 1827—Book

President of the Church. came plates 18, delivered Presidency of were to Joseph March 1833—First

7, beApril Woodruff 1889—Wilford organized. Moroni. the Angel Church was Smith by

President of the Church. 17, Smith received the FebruaryJuly, 1834—First High CounAprilcame6, Lake Temple was 1893—Salt organized. first1828—Josephrevelation published in the Doccil was

dedicated. 14, trine of February Covenants. and Quorum 1835—First

13, September Snow reorganized. 15, Apostles Priesthood 1898—Lorenzo Twelve wasMay 1829—Aaronic of the President Church. became foreign missionaries stored. June, 1837—First 17, F. Smith beOctober called. to witnesses 1901—Joseph England. were were wentJune, They 1829—Three of the Church. came President gospel plates sermon July, was of Book shown of Mormon 1837—First 23, November J. Grant in angel. S. missionaries L. preached D. 1918—Heber an by by

President of the Church.June, 1829—Eight witnesses were Europe, at Preston, England. became shown plates of Book of Mormon August 30, 1837—First European conTeacher's Preparation

by Joseph Smith. verts were baptized.

in this with success work, rT'o meet 25, conferenceMarch, 1837—First 1830—Book of Mormon pubDecember

it is necessary that each Teacher Preston, lished. held at in Europe was

April 6, 1830—Church was organized England. have faith in the Gospel, as revealed in

and first Elders were ordained. January, 1841, the first Priests, Teachthis dispensation; that he gain a testiApril 11, 1830—Oliver Cowdery ers, and Deacons Quorums were ormony of the divinity of the mission of

preached the first public sermon on ganized at Nauvoo. Jesus Christ; that he pray both vocally

the restored gospel. April 6, 1841—The northeast cornerand in secret; that he be an example ofJune, 1830—First miracle of modern stone of the Nauvoo Temple was righteousness to his friends and assotimes—casting out devils by Joseph laid by the Aaronic Priesthood. ciates. When appointed to go into the Smith. September 24, 1841—Orson Hyde, one homes of the Saints, he should do soFeb. 1, 1831—Edward Partridge orof the Twelve Apostles, dedicated with a spirit of humility and brotherdained first Bishop. the land of Palestine for the gatherly love. He should always look to the

Feb. 9, 1831—Missionary system was ing of the Jews. Lord for guidance and should be prerevealed to Joseph Smith. (Doc. November 21, 1841—Baptisms for the pared to pray aloud and in secret.

and Cov., Sec. 42.) dead were commenced in the NauHe should qualify to discuss the prinMarch 8, 1831—John Whitmer made voo Temple. ciples of the Gospel and encourage

Smith prophthe members to do their duty. first Church historian. August 6, 1842—Joseph

A Few Words of Counsel forbidden paths of transgression and Priesthood—Divine Authority coming

to Presiding Officers darkness. from the heavens. Every man who is

to has covenant ordained be made If fail officers presiding in their rethe fourth quarter the of P\uring year it. calling in to faithful his magnify and it sponsibilities hardly be expected can 1935, Priesthood Conferences this has with him Lord The made file that the alert will rank and be and in held the ofwere Stakes Zion. This says, cannot he he covenant, which active. said: has Lord Thecustom has for been followed many enmortals Unfortunately break. who necessity presidents, there are "Ofyears. of purpose the Priesthood The frethis can, into ter and covenant of. officers presiding or growing out isConferences to stimulate the brethren it, it cannot do, quently break be but those or appointed of or from amongholding the greater Priesthood to acpunish- the of without broken reward are offices to the ordained several who tivity faithfulness to reveal and and ment. these in C. two and in clear a vivid the and propriesthoods."—D. manner is responsibility It double when a 107:21.gress the are quorums from making ofaccept the Priesthood holding men If officers there presiding were no year. toyear for these program The for capacity, fice presiding they have in organization. there be would no Thereconferences in held called for 1935, a their and the shoulders power upon order, be confusion no but and wouldbrief report of items: the following to direct. are to They commandment prevail. chaos presiding would Where "1. Priests, of Total number refuse, High If follow. they to others lead, fail officers the whole over which bodySeventies, or Elders enshould be fail lead, who can for to cause, or who any fail. preside they likewise must Ourrolled in the not. are quorums and follow? success development and upon depend

"2. to the Church had given Lord enrolled in the The Total number efficient leadership. ancient proAn

there In organization. perfect theory aquorum. said, truly, phet it shall and very "And

is is lacking. want nothing Every be, percentage as of attendthe "3. Average people, with the so with

ance at quorum meetings for the first priest,"and the reverse is equally true. cared for, every need supplied. In

nine months of 1935. Where the presiding officers are active, practice the perfection frequently is

imperfect fact to the that missing due faithfulness "4. and are found advancement percentage Average attendof instruments used to as mortals be have the in quorums. the presiding Where atance School Sunday Gospel Docplan. effect perfect into the to carry officers fail inactive are to magnify andtrine class for period. same attained or of success measure The callings, their the "5. languish members percentage Average attendof

is the solely to failure due endured suffer. and atance Priesthood Activity meetings the given, or faithful service of degree President F. Smith, speaking Josephheld during the School Sunday hour

it. of lack the necessity of organization, of has for period. same their counof Stakes President and said: "6. committees been aphave What the Melchizedek over preside selors is of of house a "The house Godpointed? stake the in which over Priesthood order, not of confusion; and house a In the "(a) quorum. is their It preside. to called are they it if thus, could and not there be were In groups. "(b) ward are propthe see that to quorums duty those not to authority preside, had "7. who these functionAre committees in officers that these officered erly and direct, to counsel, to to the in leading?

all details of the attention to give turn affairs the of Church. house "8. would No special effort Report any made peroffice. be should their quorum No it if of be house a order not were enrollto bring into activity and anyship aimlessly a drift as to mitted properly organized, as of the Church holdingone the necessary priesthood all, us rudder. Let or captain without is Christ Jesus of Latterday Saintsfor the has not quorum been adwho this year, to of go beginning at the organized. the organizaTake away thereto.mitted quorums the to might our with make tion of its the Church and "9. power would results efof Report successful efficient and more the Priesthood of cease. its part of organization Everyforts the part of officers on quorum in disthe diligent their more members is necessary essential its and to perfect in bringingand committee members that duty, of so every when charge we existence. ignore, Disregard, or omit holding the into priesthood acmen the close again, near called are upon part, start any in and imperfection youtivity in the Church."find year, this quorum no of may we if the Church; continue should and we In of the stakes the of some Zion its of department in delinquent any in that find ourselves would way wereports delightfully have been encourwork. like old, those error, of being led byaging that they the and have shown of the the us word remember Let superstition, ignorance, the and by alert the holding priesthood weremen Lord: cunning craftiness of and men. active. In cases the We suchand brethren

I it is that not meet behold, "For little leave out soon here would a and in their faithfulforwere work, happy ness to duty in the priesthood always there a little, here a line and there a should command in all things; for he

brings joy and satisfaction. In other precept, until we would become like that is compelled in all things, the same

stakes the reports showed a woeful the rest of the world, divided, disoris a slothful and not a wise servant;

lack of interest and efficiency on the ganized, confused and without knowlwherefore he receiveth no reward.

part of presiding officers and the brethedge; without revelation or inspiration, "Verily I say, men should be anxren holding the priesthood. It was and without Divine authority or iously engaged in a good cause, and dorevealed that in some instances the power."—Gos. Doc, p. 185. many things of their own free will, and

quorums were entirely inactive and had It is a very serious thing to hold the bring to pass much righteousness;

failed entirely to heed the counsels and "For the power is in them, wherein guidance offered them by General Authey are agents unto themselves. And

thorities of the Church. In some ininasmuch as men do good they shall

stances only a halfhearted attempt at "We Stand for Spirituality in nowise lose their reward: But he

compliance with these counsels had that doeth not anything until he is been given. The result of this failure and Happiness in commanded, and receiveth a commandto accept instruction and to give servment with doubtful heart, and keepeth

ice is that many who hold the priestthe Home"it with slothfulness, the same is hood are languishing and drifting into damned."—D. and C. 58:2629.

Quorum Topics for 1936 many members of the quorum as posclude identical information. It is be-

* 'A Year of Practical Priesthood"sibleeach induceditem of responsibilityto participate.of Considerthe quolievedance tothatquorumthis willsecretariesbe of greatand assistsuper-

** might be a proper title for the rum and plan a program for the coming visors and will also enable each group outlines to be followed in Aaronic year. to provide more accurate information

Priesthood quorums during 1936. The for the Presiding Bishopric. quorum Third entirelyoutlines, are Week—Transact which new this reports unwhich monthly The new for discussion BuildTopic to business. prepared beenyear have which and last are year the inaugurated der plan

ing a Social Program and Fraternal of the Priesthood needs Aaronicmeet entire year the for in covering form book 1936. are conditions present undermembers items several eliminate which of 1936,based upon a practical approach to a Fourth Week—Building a Social and have been somewhat difficult to complan of having the Priesthood applied Fraternal Program for 1936. A definite pile. Such items are being transferred

in the daily lives of its members. program of social and fraternal activto the quarterly Aaronic Priesthood

The outlines include suggestions for ities is suggested for every quorum. reports compiled by ward clerks and

organizing and conducting a definite This program should make provision bishoprics providing this information program for every quorum and class for participating in similar activities quarterly instead of monthly as herein the Church which is to include a with other quorums of the ward as tofore. The reports include all phases

study of the history of the Aaronic planned by the ward Aaronic Priestof Aaronic Priesthood work, including

Priesthood both in ancient times and in hood Committee and the program proactivities of the Aaronic Priesthood the latter days; the duties and responsivided by the stake committee. All Correlation Committee and the Adult

bilities of the Priesthood; a social and activities should have as their purpose Aaronic Priesthood.

fraternal program and an activity prothe development of quorum unity and The section devoted to Adult Acgram which is designed to encourage brotherhood and increasing interest in tivity calls for information as to the the active participation of every memPriesthood work. Fraternal activities number of adults holding Aaronic

ber in performing the duties and orand social activities should be conPriesthood attending Melchizedek dinances prescribed by revelation and sidered separately and plans made to Priesthood classes and also the numby direction of the Presiding Bishopric have such activities a definite part of ber attending special Adult Aaronic for members of the Aaronic Priesthood. the quorum program. Priesthood classes which are being

all for outlines in are provided wards. urged Separate into Action Fifth Week—Putting rePriests, Correlation Adult Deacons, Teachers, and Priesthood Aaronic

in the Principles the Lives our Own classes. activities of outthe for Priesthood includeAaronic 1936 The

is to ports Priesthood Directed Aaronic lines distributed the 12 to are 18 being from from young and boys men is to Priest to the Church. Teach A in Office.Presiding inclusive, Bishop's of accordance age years teach, exhort""preach, and expound

recently the policy announced with by... vocalto exhort "and pray them of having Authorities the of Meeting GeneralOutlines Quorum all in ly secret to to attend and and 1936 Priests beElders they ordained forPrograms January, when

is duties."family to "watch Teacher A age. of 19 years come busFirst quorum with always, the over be and Church Week—Transact enrollment the organization In and call,iness, roll including checking on there see that strengthen them, and and

is effort section the of report an made of assignment is members,absent neither in iniquity memthe Church, no all to the Aaronic of have members visit checking absentees, tobers on lyneither other, hardness with each in enrolled in the Priesthood wardfilled the during ing, past week. evil Making backbiting, speaking. nor And are classes they whether quorums and of to assignments ofevery member together that see thenew meet Church

is stressed not. active point or This etc. items, specialthe all Topic quorum, do also that ten see and members providing as of complete and a means

is discussionfor the assist Organization their to duty."Quorum Deacon A the basis accurate information for as a the quorum assigned duties in Procedure. Check doing theand Teacher

the Priesthood of Aaronic Corworkactivities consider the for past of office. year and duties these that to Discuss

activity relation the Committee and instructions of light in the of the determinethem the Priesthood Aaronic and the of Priesthood Adult Aaronic Bishopric. the quothe Presiding principles these of applying methods Do

classes. the officers preside conduct in lives quoand the the of therum of members

roll been have books which The new fully Is organmeeting? the of the quorum quorum rum. Every member outlined plan to the to conform made all or present acprinciples assistized? in these teaching members can Are in reports enthe been have monthly

all is forcounted duty. each week? example. Are our This memby tirely to date. revised brought up and definite each assignmentsbers given

first instructions for the include The Report Books and Forms Roll New up, followed assignmentsweek? Are organiinformation regarding the time

reported and recorded? An entirely new edition of Aaronic zation and operation of the Adult

Second Week—Transact quorum, Priesthood roll books and Aaronic Aaronic Priesthood Classes and also

business as outlined above. Topic for Priesthood Correlation Committee and the plan of the Church for preparing

discussion: Building the Quorum MeetAdult Aaronic Priesthood reports for boys to receive the Priesthood. For

ing Program [or 1936. Under the recall stakes and wards in the Church is the first time a roll book is being proommended plan each quorum meeting now read for distribution. The report vided especially for Adult Aaronic

has two divisions—Quorum activities forms are being sent to stake clerks by Priesthood classes. It is anticipated

and Discussion Period. Neither should the Presiding Bishopric. The roll that this action will give additional

be neglected. In the quorum activity books and reports are so prepared that stress to the plan which has been urged

period the program should provide for all the information required concerning by the Presiding Bishopric for some each item of responsibility assigned to Aaronic Priesthood Quorum activities time of organizing adult classes in the the Aaronic Priesthood being given to be included in the monthly reports is various wards.

proper consideration and methods contained in the regular quorum roll One of the important revisions in the adopted for discharging these responsibooks. This is the first time roll books quorum roll books involves changes in

bilities. The discussion period should and reports have been compiled at the the activities for which assignment

be given careful preparation and as same time and so correlated as to incredits have been given in the

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1936

past. In the new roll books only ac- a second quorum at an early it may turn to you for your salvation.

tivities which are directly connected date. I, the Lord, am bound when ye do what

with or are the outcome of quorum 4. Are you getting assignments I say; but when ye do not what I say,

activity are classed as quorum assignover? Ans. ye have no promise."Doc. and Cov.

ments. Attendance at Sacrament meetAre you keeping accurate rec82:9-10.

ing which is interpreted as being a duty ords? Ans.

of all ward members as such and not Any problems or questions? Maricopa Stake Has Excellent

a specific quorum assignment or duty Ans. Record Plan

is not included in the new list. 5. Is your correlation committee 'T'he Mesa Third Ward of the Marifunctioning? Ans. splendid a Stake has adopted for "* copa reports Quarterly annual and

your Aaronic 6. Does Priesthood record provides weekly a system which in adjusted accordance1936 will be

to plan weekly meet Committee basis individual activity roll record an on reports the monthly andwith new their Ans. check and on work? for of each quorum. it every is that anticipated the memberbooks and A

7. to text aiming place Are you a special based has provided been form reflectingfigures Priesthood Aaronic

of in the hands all quorum roll the standard book quorum at upon will thanactivity accurate be more Ans. is used for each individual one and in the timeany assigning short priests you past and also will be 8. members?Are member.available promptly. more

talks given, quofirst to to be for inprovided information The to be and later rum members at meetings cludes attendance whereBenson Stake Checkup Plan given meeting? in Sacrament are exPriesthood Aaronic members

"Rrom Benson Stake comes a definite Ans. pected to attend and every activity in

* suggestion which has sufficient 9. Are you giving your priests which members engage in church servmerit to justify bringing it to the attenopportunity to baptize? Ans. ice. It is reported that excellent suction of Stake Aaronic Priesthood com10. Do your ordained teachers ascess has been secured through following this record.mittees throughout the Church. A 11. sistIs yourin wardLesserteaching?PriesthoodAns.takbulletin in the form been prepared has

of a questionnaire which is used by ing care of the Sacrament? Ans. Standard Quorum Award One of

members of the stake committee in vis12. Do you aim to give every New Features of 1936 Program

iting wards and checking on their proworthy member the opportunity A new feature of the Aaronic Priestto assist in the administration 'r* program of hood Practically everygrams. phase 1936—one in his turn. of the Sacrament is Stanthe among provided Priesthood new manyAaronic work ideas—isfor Ans.for. to be by dard made below bulletin quoted Award was Quorum The

used in January, 1935, and is suggested 13. Are your quorums making a the Presiding Bishopric to all Aaronic

at this time as being appropriate for use weekly visit to all absent memPriesthood Quorums which meet the at the beginning of the new year. As bers? Ans. standards prescribed for quorums for

a companion to the Checkup Bulletin, 14. Have you made your monthly 1936.

a separate sheet was provided as a report for Oct., Nov., and Dec. The award will consist of an appart of the series which directs attenAns. propriate certificate, suitable for framtion to the responsibility of leaders of 15. How can the stake committee ing and preserving permanently, to be

Aaronic Priesthood, citing authorities serve you more effectively? presented to the quorum upon a suitand references of a helpful character. Ans. able occasion by stake officers repreThe checkup sheet is as follows: Benson Stake Monthly Priesthood senting the Presiding Bishopric.

Some things that visiting members Bulletin No. Ill The Standard Quorum Award

the Priesthood Aaronicof Stake Comis the standard where one quorum A Plans Your Look To visit their in tomittee might check on following standards met been have 1. is sincerity the Whole during of theother month Janwards 1. quoyearly follow Set a and up life of soul very very Mormonism—thehearteduary. in accordance meeting program rum is religion. true the of no doubt That

I. Hold short meetings with Bishopreason why Jesus said, "Let your light with the recommendations of the Preric and Aaronic Priesthood superso shine before men, that they may see siding Bishopric for 1936.

visors and encourage them to do your good works and be led to glorify 2. Set up and follow a yearly proall they can to meet all the requireyour father which art in heaven."Matt. gram of social and fraternal activities

ments of the church program. Also 5:16. in accordance with the recommendaget answer to following items: 2. "It appears that where we have tions for 1936.

II. Make a check on the organization not accomplished the desired results, 3. Have an average attendance recof an adult class. it is largely due to unenthusiastic leadord of 60% or more during the year.

1. Have you selected a teacher? ership and failure to follow the plan 4. Have 75% or more members fill

If so give name and position. outlined for these classes."Bishop assignments during the year.

Ans. David A. Smith. 5. Have 75% or more members ob-

2. Have you organized a com- "Through revelation given by the serving the Word of Wisdom as shown

mittee for an adult class? Ans. Lord to his Prophet in this dispensaby the annual report of the Bishop of

3. When, where, and at what time tion, the duties of those holding the the Ward as of December 31, 1936.

are you meeting? Ans. priesthood are clearly defined. The 6. Have 75% or more of the members

4. Are you thoroughly converted way is made plain for the proper trainwho earn money during the year pay

to the plan, if not, why not? ing and development of those ordained tithing, as shown on the annual report

Ans. in each grade. of the Bishop of the Ward as of DeIII. Check on activities of the lesser "At times we are prone to follow our cember 31, 1936.

Priesthood group. individual judgment and desires rather 7. Have 50% or more members par-

1. Are your quorums fully organthan the revealed word."Ordained ticipate in two or more quorum service

ized? Ans. Teachers Handbook No. 3, page 5. projects.

2. Do you have a maximum numBrethren, let us heed the call of Stake Aaronic Priesthood Commitber of quorums possible? Ans. authority and follow the plan. Such tees will be requested to check on each

3. If any ward has enough teach- a course will guarantee success. The quorum and recommend to the Presiders and deacons for two quoword of the Lord is clear on this; "Or ing Bishopric the quorums which have

rums, whereas they have but in other words, I give unto you direcreached the standards and are entitled one, advise that they organize tions how you may act before me, that to recognition.

a

General Superintendency General Offices Y. M. M. I. A. General Presidency

Y. M. M. I.FOX,A. ALBERT E. BOWENI. A. SOSALTNORTHLAKEMAINCITY,STREETUTAH RUTHY. W. MAYM.

CANNON, GEORGE Q. LUCY MORRIS GRANT

L. A. BEESLEY, FRANKLIN CLARISSA WEST General Offices Y. W. M. I. A.

OSCAR A. KIRKHAM, 33 BISHOP'S BUILDING ELSIE HOGAN VAN NOY,

Executive Secretary SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH Secretary

Send all Correspondence to Committees Direct to General Offices

"I am the vine, ye are the branches: workers in His vineyard. Inasmuch M. I. A. officer be numbered among

He that abideth in me, and J in him, the as you have ministered unto even the the celestial throng.

fruit; bringeth without forth for muchsame least children, happiness of adorn into peace led and His and them May

.. the Father nothing. can dome ye As light the the the coming dwellings throughout narrow toward of your way

I loved. you; loved me,hath so have for joy. that pray assured year. great conthe given Lord, Be have you we Himtinue love."ye in my

for In as always. ourselves humility you our knowing and own

Seasons'Greetings to weakness, we send you, too, our greetWe love you sincerely.

for your faithAlbert E. Bowen,Our Officers ings. We commend you ful service. May the love of God shed George Q. Morris,

/Vur thesedeargreetingsfellow ofofficers,love to youwe fromsend abroadthat youandmayenfoldbe branchesevery oneof theof you,true RuthFrankMayL. West,Fox,

the lips of our Lord Jesus Christ, who vine and through your faith be led to Lucy Grant Cannon, has so honored you as to make you the mansions of our Father. May every Clarissa A. Beesley.

The M. I. A. Automobile The heater of achievement will melt of enthusiasm. Lubricate with the oil

the ice of nonattendance and thaw the of efficiency.

By Leslie Nelson, Second Assistant snow of poor participation. UpholAdvance the spark of ambition for

Superintendent, Wells Stake stery of courtesy and luxurious apmore speed. Open wide the throttle of

Y. M. M. I. A. pointments of love decorate the infaith in yourself and your work. To

Are you interested in automobiles? terior. Active participation is the only obtain more power fill the radiator with

*** Then visualize with me the new price to be paid by those who would the water of preparedness that your model M. I. A, New features suppleavail themselves of the joy and imengine may run cool and smooth.

menting timeproved principles will provement that comes from being a Use the polish of courtesy and apmake this current model the most popujoint owner of this beautiful new car. preciation, Dust the seats of all dislar of a long line of successful M. I. A. With advantages so many and cost agreeable elements; adjust yourself that

Cars. It has the beauty of spirituality so small who can afford to miss this others may ride with you.

and happiness; the dependability and 193536 journey? Use tires of stick toit-iveness on

ruggedness of pioneer foundation. The Now about operation and upkeep. nondiscouragement rims. Guide with

new streamlined body cuts the resistNearly all rules for success in leadthe Golden Rule steering wheel. Put

ance of selfishness and greed. The ership overlook the most essential eleon head lights of character and a spot

powerful new motor with its six cylinment, getting started. Therefore use light of example.

ders of Responsibility, Determination, a self starter on your "M. I. A. AutoIf these instructions are followed the

Love of the work, Self Confidence, Sinmobile"with the key of initiative. M. I. A. automobile will glide smoothcerity, and Dependability, carries us Use the brakes of patience and selfly over the roads of department proover the hills of discouragement and control. Put large quantities of faith grams and cultural courses and will

failure toward the city of true service. and hope in the grease cups. Use pick up new passengers on the broad

Springs of activity and cushions of culperseverance brand of gasoline as highway of activity. It will leave in

ture will make rough roads pleasant. motive power instead of hot air. its wake satisfaction, pleasant memHave the timer set early. Adjust the ories, and success.

First M. I. A. gathering of the M. I. A. carburetor properly, admitting a mixSunday Evening Joint Program

Branch held at home of Dr. Walter ture of equal parts of earnestness, will For January, 1936

White Fife, New Orleans, La. power, and dispatch. Use the primer 1. Introductory Organ Music. 2. Singing—"Come Let Us Anew."

Choir or chorus and congregation.

3. Invocation—Prayer of Thanksgiving and supplication. 4. Singing—Chorus or Choir—"To

Use the Gift,"by Frank W. Aspsr,

L. D. S. Hymn Book, page 242.

5. Repeating of the Slogan by congregation led by an M Man. 6. Speech—"My Talents and I"-—Gleaner Girl—(See Lesson

Three), "The Use of the Story."7. Duet, trio, or quartette—"I Heard

the Voice of Jesus Say,"S. G.

Rathburn, Theodore Presser Co.,

60c; or "God Of All Nature,"by

Tschaikowsky, No. 503, Berchard

and Co., Boston, 15c (trio or

ladies'chorus); or "But the Lord

is Mindful of His Own,"by MenTHE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1936

delssohn, Oliver Ditson, 30c ( Solo for contralto or baritone). 8. Speech—"This Moment and Eternity."

9. Closing Music—Choir or Chorus

—"Author of Faith,""Come Thou

Glorious Day of Promise,"or some such hymn. 10. Benediction.

This program is merely suggestive, but the committee is of the opinion that the Joint Programs should be the very best of the month; they should give

opportunity for expression for M. I. A.

workers, but they should retain a religious tone and should be somewhat unified.

The Gleaner Girl who prepares the speech should make thorough preparation. She could use the parable of

the talents found in Matt. 25: 1431, and

could quote from Emerson's poem, "The Mountain and the Squirrel,"or some similar piece of literature emphasizing the fact that we all have talents which should be developed.

All executives should read the adult department with a view to using the

Valley"—play Ogden "Settlement of the done, know as I have sketch in a preliminary program. study really I. A., Nor- M. Drammen produced by I do, as some love masterpieces, and way. just are sketches would know my you

made have they but trials at real art,Adults like I can be appreciate old if getting and mind the won't understand me

I family large have picture a reared Grandmother is sitting knitting in each have and masterpieces, you. You

chair. have rocking hours interesting you her hardships the happy and means know drawn the arm sits on enters, girl lovely? school so kept have you they have otherwise been had. may A where I How After chair. rocking Grandmother's of overones. dull dear, very you Well, Grandma: asks: she her kissing I going about sure, but modest just am too I'm are estimate Girl: me You interis the just what Girl: And I life I have of secrets heard tell Haven't few a to accomplishments. you your today, doing been have you thing esting important people first pictures, most and learned. your of talk. The people

Grandmother? depend people I anyway early: who Well, art? learned really know who the, I finished dear, Well, Grandma: their hapfor person interesting the morrow on too the most much are you painting. been I have picture little it.. are to make Learn find friends seldom piness Your world. the in ltj I see may Grandma, Oh! Girl: day, interesting so happy by loved an are you day each and lovely so and table from painting gets (Girl I itself, and of care takes Grandma, tomorrow and know You everyone. exclaims): it, then examining stands to make surer way of a I don't know a are you lovely; it's Grandmother, thing the find to than interesting days principals, choir and Melodies,"artist. "Era wonderful hobby a make and most like to do you the aid to head staged her Ward, Farmington (Shaking Grandmother the all angles, it it. from Study of drive. if Era you: darling, No, replies) wisely,

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1936

more you learn of it the more it will precede spring. Will they be effective You are just ready to introduce Hobmean to you and the more interesting in changing the attitude and the very bies this month. Have you read then

you are to others, too. My lovely life of the community? We hope so, "Are Your Hobbies Thoroughbred?"

friends, as you call them, all have hobif that change is for the better. by Farnsworth Crowder, or "Why Not

bies. Mrs. Jensen [we used names Voyagers, Happy New Year. May Get Interested?"by Ray Giles, Readhere, of people in our ward who the Good Ship take you into the port ers'Digest, for December? Both of

had hobbies], the one you admire of Heart's Desire. these articles will aid you in that inso much has taken up the study of troduction you are to make on January

flowers; her world means so much The Appreciation Courses 21, if you are up to schedule.

to her. Your grandfather made birds

his hobby, he so loved them. He would HThat last night of the Reading

Enjoyhis of long walks onecome in from M Men ment Course—Januaryof Poetry"should7—-"Thebe maderefreshed to me, and say Mary, "Oh, memOrganization

why can't people understand what orable and can be if careful preparthey are missing not to know my birds."ation is made for it. Why not make it At this season of the year the M

He always called them his birds. a Poetry Fiesta? The December and ** Men organizations, both ward and

He knew their habits and songs, and January numbers of The Improvement stake, should be complete and functioneverything about them. It meant much Era would supply sufficient material ing. Union meeting day is a good one

to him. There are hundreds and hunalone, but there are always at hand upon which to hold the stake meeting

dreds of hobbies; the thing is, to find many well known as well as modern of the stake organization. At that time

one and make it yours. You know, poems. The book "One Hundred and schedules and programs could be comdear, our loved ones are taken from One Best Poems"is a treasurehouse pleted and the machinery kept in workus; trouble and sorrow come to us all; not to be overlooked. Make that Janing order. That Union Meeting day

but as long as we have life and reasonuary 7 night the beginning of a memoroffers an excellent opportunity for M call not program. their speeches upon try out to inization Why intensely the Men we areing power—if

roll in class winter the rest of the and of their others than members ownterested in something, our life is worthwhile to ourselves and to others. So have the members reply with a gem wards. Two or more short speeches

I say, "Fortunate is the man or woman they have memorized? Such a program upon current topics could be arranged

bring fine effect. joy to hearts with meeting and for each many Philip Green, wouldwho has a hobby."—Mrs.

also start the would group Short Story and of the upon a Use TheAmerican Fork, Utah.

delightful hobby—that of memorizing Speech go hand in hand. Demosthenes

poetry. used to speak to the waves, we are

Seniors In the December Era ate a number told; how much better will an audience

the of people: friendly I. A. of "The Use "The M Men be.

Alice Rich, up in as Illustration"JancomesHappy New Year ofSacredpoemsGrove,"by M. by wife Story

'T'he Good Ship 1936 is ready to of a mission president; "Violin,"by uary, and "The Story and Public

a Walten, housewife Speech"from A sail. pilots trust of Miranda that the We

Rich County, Utah; for tunity a Long Day,""Onthe Senior the Classes charted have follows.M Men Hereto achieveis an andopporfill

seas through which they are to journey by Ardyth Kennelly, a young lady from some of the requirements for their this M. I. A. year. From the manual Oregon; "To the Shepherds,"by SylMaster M Men certificates.

we note that Chapters 7 and 8 are via Probst, a young lady from Wasatch At this season of the year basketball coming up in January, if the Good County, Utah; "Snow,"by Rena Stowill likely carry its own weight, thereShip is on time. They are the ports tenberg Travais, from New York near fore, the M Men leadership should be

of call. the Hill Cumorah. In the January putting in some good, hard work on

We hope that in every Latterday number are some rather fine poetic the remainder of the program. DeSaint community there are a few at pictures: "A Little Child,"by Lydia bates, panel discussions, oratorical

least, who know what "dynamic"Hall, a young lady from Washington contests, as well as practice meetings means. And isn't that No. 2 on page County, Utah; "Evening Scene,"by could be held to advantage. Here is

69 of the Manual challenging? "SugEva Willes Wangsgard, a married the opportunity for young men to acgest ways by which a dynamic concept lady and a maker of books of poetry, quire genuine training in public arts.

involving the collective efforts of large Ogden, Utah; "To a Poet Unsung,"by It is to be hoped that there are a

numbers of people may be kept virile Catherine E. Berry, of California, and few men in every ward getting readyand healthy."Leaders should read, in others. Naturally we think all on the to receive their Master M Men pins,

connection with that statement, the page are good. the highest award that can be attained

paragraphs at the bottom of that same by M Men. All of the M Men should Opening Second Social—Filmore Ward to start be encouraged upon the trail 69 then ponder well, surveying andpage

left to right: Actors, Nelson, Rachel objective. leads to that whichtheir communities as they do so. own Cuthbert Trimble, Ferris Ashman,

Then they should read carefully (9) Afton Cutchley, Brink Scottern, Maxon page 71—"Leadership."Chapter Brunson, Ruth Scottern (director),8 is equally intriguing. These lessons Merva Rowley. M MenGleaners

\K Men and Gleaners, have you cap- ** tured the spirit of this course? Do

you realize what a storehouse of stories will mean to you? But story telling

can present its own case, so we submit the following to you:

An Appeal for Story Telling T am a story.

* I am your great opportunity.

I make you think.

I wield the most potent power of human endeavor—The Spoken Word.

The blind may not read; the dullard

will not read; the ignorant cannot read,

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1936 but all men must hearken to my mesWe started out last fall with a fine has submitted the following additional sage. grade of merchandise: "The Leadersuggestions:

My appeal is universal, elemental, ship of Joseph Smith,""The Art of Why should we learn many dance primitive. Hospitality,"a part interest in "The steps when no two partners dance alike?

I was a myth. Centuries ago, at the Use of the Story,"a sheaf, and a soWhy should we learn to play morebeginning of the world, I told the woncial program. We surveyed our terthan one piece on the piano or to sing

ders of the natural phenomena and ritory and had on our roll every more than one song or to paint with founded the religion of the world. Gleaner. Oh, yes, and we were ormore than one color or to prepare food

I became the Fairy Tale. I carried ganized to sell, that is we set up some in more than one way or to read more

knowledge among strange people and definite objectives for the year that than one type of story when after all brought wonderful messages from far were something like this: a greater no two people like the same thing?

countries. testimony in the heart of each Gleaner The answers are obvious: to become

I have been a Hero Tale, I told of of the divine mission of Joseph Smith; skilled, to become more interested and

the noble, the loyal, the brave, the a greater consciousness of the possimore interesting.

chivalrous. call bilities in leaderof real joy the heard home; Abraham my learn play to as more Just when we

Israel; listened social founded shipand development and and happy Moses piano, piece sing the more rethan one on

led his into the learning people the chosen lationships while about Promsong, paint combinathan with a one ised set story. Land; hearkened, Columbus in colors, tion to potatoes of more cook

sail, discovered world. and a From new just as cushave many we just Now boiling them, than than one waythe history's morning of hours dim started out with? as tomers Are we ability ourgive and our sharpen we

full to of the nigh moderndawn moon satisfied the merchandise? they with at feel learn to ease selves confidence,

Icivilization, dihave swayed and it just or using buying they and Are learning surroundings, so with our many

Irected Humanity. more Today am get? shelf putting they on what a away that gives steps assurance us an dance

inspiring, unipowerful, more more his in leads partner Fosdick Dr. follow Harry can Emerson any who weversal ever. than

little entitled Mile,"steps learning these Second because book "The by many

I I religion. soul food; am am until willingness steps says: man's or a again the ever "Not whether do we I I insinuate lesson, not preach a do obligation, that his so overflows what ourwithin developed have not—weit. I light in the guidthe window am in is to as seen ability segment a selves control has to the he do the moveIing living. safe a sane toward and circle willing feet, the of legs, he be would head, and our body, what of ment that assures stone the a foundationam to do, Jesus can't he that does become what to degree such a arms we stabilitylasting structure. finished of the

call even what else well. would follow anything but do profitable—nor I I the education; background am am a count Shakespeare worthy would steps learning for reason dance The is all I literature. selection, thatof am first like character Desdemona."The is to so teach to not do many you I interpretation.construction, make is is in mile, that other which words, right, steps to so the walking many sisters, careful mothers, wisermore

all. to secat job required the do The feel left to the help waltzes to but you the at grandmothers, lovable andmore is material the supplementary ond we of the the dance rhythm and swinglast, all old age taken has away, when in bring to more enhance and make give foundation a good you I sight hearing, bringeven and memmusic—to colorful. ability. to build dancing your on whichories of time. once a upon

I am imagination; I am dreams of One successful leader, whose deWe should never have heard of

conquest of achievement. I am air partment we watched with interest last Ginger Rogers if she had said, "Why

castles wherein men may take refuge year, was constantly on the lookout for learn so many dance steps because no and there realize the fulfilment of hopes additional material and would have the two men dance alike!"She has learned

and desires, when the solid brick walls girls give brief reports on it. There are a lot of dance steps—both old and

without in our Church few homes is able to dance she a resultof threaten prosaic happenings to make new—as

life of writings on the Joseph of today. dancers Smith, with popular the mostof hope. them prisoners without

I made Marconi, Edison, Newton. or histories of the Church, and many In the presentation of the lessons on

I am an optimist. I broaden life and interesting sidelights not included in dance, do more than merely read the

make it a great adventure instead of the manual could be brought in. In material in the manual. Be vitally inissue every magazines of women's in terested introduce the course; new Ihabit. to most understand life and how

articles, recipes, found can be will create into lesson that and ilideas your in strongmeet it way. a joyous and

I always reach out for something new lustrations that will contribute to the and command the interest of the class.

and fine. I see the blue sky reflected evening on "The Art of Hospitality."You will not all present the lessons in

in the water and not the mud at the We refer you to the article on "Hot the same way. Some of you may have

bottom of the pool. Toasted Sandwiches"in the December, the girls dance some of the old dances;

I am the child spirit. I can show 1935, number of "Good Housekeepothers of you may have a new dance

you the road to laughter town. Time ing."In the Gleaner Manual for step that you have learned and that

is not when you are with me. Years 193031 entitled "Gleaning,"there are you may want to teach to them; others

fall away and all become as little chilsome very excellent chapters by Dr. may have interesting articles to read

dren and of such is the Kingdom of Adam S. Bennion on Scripture reading; and pictures to look at and discuss;

Heaven. also an article on the Bible in the still others of you will have questions

I am eternal. I lived in the beginDecember "Good Housekeeping."to ask and to answer regarding each

ning and I shall endure to the end of These would add much in the discustopic.

time. sion of our Sheaf. Your class should be a social center

that the should feel All Gleaners think. I make you for place to am your great for your them girls—a success of the department depends /opportunity. at the time a good time and am a story.I as have same

much on them as on their leaders, and learn what has gone before them in should be encouraged to make their the way of the dance, the evolution of

Gleaners contribution each week. dancing into the present day style, and

January 1st is stock taking time for the trend of dancing in the future. Enthe merchant. out must find He

at operatingwhether he has been a JuniOTS couragePreparetheyourgirls lesson!in good dancing.In no other

loss or profit, or just breaking even. IVA'ay we remind you that the course way can you expect to put these lesOur business, as Gleaner Leaders * in dancing is scheduled to begin sons over. Prepare conscientiously

hasn't to do with dollars and cents, but January 21st. Are you ready? Arand you will be successful. The

let's stop and take stock anyway. mand Carr, the author of the course, manual is merely a guide. Go to the

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1936

library and get material. Read the Through the formation of sane, courage to speak the truth, I despise

papers; look in magazines. healthpromoting habits I can avoid cowardice and lying. I will do what

Be interested! Interest and enthusihaving my usefulness diminished and I know to be right though others may

asm will thrill and inspire your girls; my happiness impaired by the, conseridicule or scorn me.

lukewarm feelings and passive interest quences of my own folly, I will be personally responsible for dampen and retard your very purpose. I will be modest in dress and manall that I do, and recognizing my limited

To succeed be enthusiastic! ner, that I may in no wise encourage wisdom, I will ever seek Divine GuidHelpful articles: sensuality. ance to lead me in the right way.

"The Drums Speak in Africa,"from I will be thoughtful of the effects of I will strive for independence of "Travel Magazine,"May, 1935, by my actions and so restrain myself that judgment, but with due regard for the

Lawrence G. Green. no act of mine may mar the life or superior wisdom of my elders. I must

"Minding Our Manners,"from detract from the happiness of my asgrant to my fellows the same right of "Reader's Digest,"June, 1935, by Marsociates or of my successors. independent judgment that I claim for

myself.garet Banning. Culkin fairly, I kindhonestly, will deal and

I I will It,""Victorians undertake with Whatever a do For Had Word mindful with my fellows-—always lose, might, and, or accept the Digest,""Reader'sfrom win July, 1935, my are their lives happiness their by thatly and

I cheer. result rather withHelen good would Wilson. Van Pelt are to me. as to as sacred mine them

it of success to secure Perfect,"than "Posture be worthy from Makes ill I will temper avoid impatience and

Digest,""Reader's 1935, July, by Moral- unworthily. will to courteous be endeavor and

I allris will in orderly prompt be and M. Brill, M.D. ways.

affairs, hinotherwise a I become Speech?"from Good is Your my "How rather individuals to I will try save

efficiency. social I will to drance"Reader's Digest,"avoid 1935, March, by them, even though to than condemn

I lest bring Brigance. extravagance wasteWilliam and Norwood evil their and deeds be condemned must

offenders punished. needless privation and suffering to

others myself, as as to I of for will the respect time have Explorers Scouts and I the part choose world's must wellwork—a I their property. respect fellows as

all is diligence. with perform Explorer to my and"pvery Scout expected "What I of will chance, engage not in games

society that best needs most?"can I do for his prepare of conduct a code I at the desire since not reward do

I this question answered have requireas the guidance of When oneown others. of expense

ofments full membership. The code In all my dealing I will strive for Iandwillenergetically;pursue my vocationfirst, as intelligentlya means ofprinted herewith, the Utah known as

Code, is published as a guide: service to my fellowmen; and second,

as a means of selfsupport and aid to

Moral Code For Youths Eagle Scouts those that may be dependent upon me.

I am happy to be a member, of that A father and two sons were awardMay the love and appreciation I great human society which has accum- *"* ed Eagle badges at a court of have for my country never be dishonulated all the treasures of civilization. honor held in the East Jordan district. ored by any act of lawlessness or want

I have benefited by the united labors of They are, left to right: Forace, George of loyalty, but may I ever honor, upall mankind; for this I owe a debt of A., Jr., and Doyle Green. Mr. Green hold and obey the law and defend my

gratitude to humanity, a debt I can pay is a U. S. Forest Ranger. Forace and country against unrighteousness, injusonly by serving that humanity to the Doyle are journalism students at Brigtice and violence. When it becomes

fullest extent of my ability. Through ham Young University. Both are my privilege to vote I will use the right

small services freely given toward the members of the Y Eagle club, Doyle of suffrage as a patriotic means of cocomfort and happiness of my assohaving recently been elected publicity operating with my fellow citizens for ciates, I may grow in power of usefuldirector of that organization. the promotion of social justice, peace

I progress. called and to Should be in turnness to contribute the and my have Forace and Green Both Mr.

I office, will strive for public moral generations that the of towelfare are troop 124 of scoutmasters and been in exercise to authority courage accordcome. troop the served comboth on have

justice with humanity; and, and whether is the of instrument body my My States mittee. in Eastern the While

I office, in will or of freely out respond the of charfoundationmind and my Scouting a organized Mission, Forace for to service. opportunity public every acter. organ be conserved must Every in assisted establishing department and

grateful I for of the beauties naam itsto function in the perform proper as committeeacted troops. several He

art,, ture for of the great and works life. perfection ofdevelopment and my In to Brooklyn. troop 234, man New

it is music, literature science, and my I will, therefore, eat only wholesome in with troops connected he Jersey was

I privilege enjoy. will to seek These air, food, breathe take pure example Bergenfield, nonboth Hackensack, and

I that understand and appreciate, ercise sleep, and keep and body my Mormon troops. to

sympathies cultivate broader and may rethis I will sound. clean and end To

frain from the use of intoxicating fellowship with mankind, the world, drinks, narcotics, and stimulants; these and the Creator of all.

lend only a seeming strength, but in reality they undermine my powers of BeeHive Girls service happiness. of lasting and By of the Year End I The abstaining these indulgences from BeeKeeper, Johnson, By Anna

can, moreover, help others to abstain, Salt Lake Stake and thereby increase their strength and happiness. By temperate living Hown the pathway of the year

and plenty of exercise in the open I The days march one by one.

can preserve my health and the more May each day be a day well spent easily refrain from evil thoughts and With kindly deeds well done."

evil deeds.

left slighted twelve months, behind

I will pollute that of I've not or body my cheer; grace Their and and charm

self another of indulgence any form by best, I've failed very to do my yielding passion. or perverse to Such

priceless year. a shamed And

is founofindulgence the a desecration tains of life and an insult to the dignity Eagles I've failed in many things of worth.

of manhood and womanhood. Forace Green, Geo. A. Green, Doyle Green And left kind thoughts unsaid;

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1936

A happiness I might have wrought Gunnison Stake Sacramento Stake

Is dumb and cold and dead. Romania A. Bardsley 5 years Lillian Morris 5 years

Granite Stake San Luis Stake I have before me twelve new months Alice Christensen 3 years L. Clarinda Knight...3 years

Of charm and grace and cheer; Hyrum Stake Elmina Lenington 3 years

A time to live and love and serve Mrs. lone"Larsen... 5 years Sharon Stake

A new and priceless year. Annie L. Webb.....3 years Maude Nelson 3 years

Lehi Stake Sharon Stake I'll try to fill each precious day Ruth Broadbent 4 years Alta L. Bean 3 years

With work and happy hours; Inez Hammer Peterson San Juan Stake

With seeds that live and grow and bud Idaho Falls Stake Mrs. Vera Sommerville 3 years

Then bloom as lovely flowers. Martha J. Pickett 3 years Shelley Stake

Logan Stake Edith Butler.....3 years

Dear Bee Keepers: Lydia Hansen Flossie Buthelson 3 years

May we extend congratulations for Alta Nelson Vera Baird 3 years the past year's achievements and love Afton Cresal Alberta Bowler 3 years and best wishes for the new year. Irene Jacobsen Martha E. Huntsman 6 years

Your untiring efforts, love, and devoMaricopa Stake Nora Huntsman...6 years

tion to the work and the wisdom and Gladys Pomeroy...10 years San Francisco Stake

tact you have used in directing the Minidoka Stake Thurza Malin 3 years girls have been an inspiration to us, Millie Loveland 3 years South Davis Stake

Surely you are answering Christ's call Zina Lindsay 3 years Mrs. Bertha Muir 5 years

when he said, "Feed My Sheep."Myrtle Hodden 3 years Mrs. Freda Stelter 3 years

The BeeHive Committee. Veda Platts 3 years Miss Elexia Nelson 3 years

It is with pleasure that we present a Sadie Doan 3 years Afton H. Hardy 3 years

list of the names of BeeKeepers havMoapa Stake South Sanpete Stake ing earned the three year Service Pin Lucille Seavey (Pine) 3 years Masie Braithwaite 3 years all congratulate 1935.during Tintic Stake We Stake of Moroni

this service splendid andthem upon Mrs. Ina Clements 3 years Minerva Anderson 3 years

hope they will continue on at least two Delda Draper 3 years Tooele Stake more years and receive the fiveyear Gilberta Gillespie 3 years Stake OgdenService Pin which is a General Board Mt. Morrill Ruby years 3 Esther Porter 3 yearsaward. Melba Smart 3 years

Fernelius 3 Melba years Uintah

Stake Ogden Gwendolyn Vest.'. 3 yearsBeeKeepers...10 years Clark LaVern Stake Utah 3-Year Servicethe EntitledPin—1935to Receive years Mildred R. Cragun 3 P. Melvina Jeffs 3 years

General Board Jane James 3 years Weber Stake

Mrs. Bertha K. Tingey. 3 years North Sevier Chrystal Burnett 3 years

Alberta Stake Myrum Buckley 3 years Wells Stake

Mrs. Rhoda Hansen. 3 years Oquirrh Stake Luby Rasmussen 6% years

Alpine Stake Laurel Grant 4 years Wanda Steffenson 6 years

Myrtle Seastrand 3 years Parowan Stake Ivy Perry 3 years

Beaver Stake Mrs. Zoella P. Benson.... 3 years Margaret Anderson 3 years

Violet Mrs. Sarah L. White 3 years Gale 3 years

Pocatello Stake Tintic Stake StakeBeaver

Mrs. Diana McCulIey. 3 years Gladys Gladoven 3 years Mrs. Pearl Blain 8 years

Blackfoot Stake Roosevelt Stake West Jordan Stake

Mrs. Nephi Shores 7 years Melba Hanson 3 years Afton Gardner 3 years

Mrs. Elizabeth Duckworth..9 years Clara Olson 3 years Woodruff Stake

Boise Stake Dorothy McKinnon Louise Poe 5 years Utah Stake Benson Stake Mrs. Elva L. Hindmarsh 3 years

Miss Fern Andrews. 3 years Mrs. Melvina Jeffs 3 years

Mrs. Bessie Griffin 3 years Shelley Stake

Carbon Stake Alberta Bowler 3 years

Olive Golding 3 years Vera Baird.....3 years

Erne Anderson 3 years Martha Huntsman 3 years

Cottonwood Stake GermanAustrian Mission

Mrs. Cecelia Tolman.. 20 years Elizabeth H. Welker

Erne Bennion 4 years Deseret Stake Maxine Watts 3 years News From the Field

Pearl Harder 3 years East Jordan Stake Cunday, October 20th, in Union

Luella Hardcastle 3 years *T Meeting we held a very successful

Edith Wright 3 years Court of Honor. We have an examEmery Stake ining Court of Honor which consists

Mrs. Celia Reid 6 years of an examiner for each field, who is

Ensign Stake also a member of the Ward Presidency

Louisa B. Lee 3 years of the M. I. A. The Chairman is the

Verda Lee 3 years Y. W. M. I. A. Stake President and

Ruth Budd...3 years they meet once a month and examine

Virginia Peterson 4 years Mr. and Mrs. B. Walton Prince, as for all Honor Badges. We like this

Ruth Isakson 4 years seen in an act staged by the M. I. A. in plan very much. Eunice Hatchings,

Marie H. Caine 3 years one of the California Stakes. Stake BeeKeeper, Lehi Stake.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1936

The Startled Deer athissmalldistancewood, byOliverseveralcouldhundredreduce aroundbut thatthissureneighborhoodis a real buckanyyoumore,got (Continued from page 13) yards. Even during the winter he there, Mr. Grayson."

often chose the short route, using "In a way,"said Stanley, "it's gers try to punch and probe moldskis or snowshoes whan the snow better than seein'a real buck. This

ing clay into the form of a fat pig. was deepest. little statue here makes you see the

"Here!"Oliver could resist the As he hurried across the fields on buck the way he was, and it makes

clay no longer. Nick slid over in a Friday afternoon late in January, you feel what he felt, too."

his seat as Oliver sat down beside he was surprised to see, crossing his "Do you mean that?"asked

him. "Here! A pig goes this way, own trail of the morning, marks that Oliver. No other praise he had

and this, and this. There!"appeared to be those of a calf. Deep ever received had pleased him quite

Nick stared at the clay pig and in thought, he plunged on, wonderso much.

then up at Oliver, astonishment in ing what farmer had allowed his In May, the summer people began his big, dumb eyes. He said nothcattle to stray in the middle of the to return to Jericho. Most of them

ing, but Helen Stimac, who was winter. He had gone less than fifty came merely for a weekend to open

wrestling with a hen on a basket of yards into the woods when a slight their cottages in anticipation of the eggs, shoved the clay shyly toward sound caused him to glance sharply vacation period. Although Oliver

Oliver. to his right. knew most of these people, he was

Among the trees, deep in the too busy preparing the eighth grade Jericho school was usually disNostrils snow, stood a buck. state for the examinations to go visat four o'clock.missed But when aquiver, the animal body alert, stood iting. also deeply engrossed tin was wall Hethe the alarm clock on

showed fourthirty, Oliver was still poised for but a moment before he in arranging an exhibit of the work the pines. bounded away among But, the school and the adult class hadfashioning sheep, hens pigs and and

the picture in that moment, had been in sculpturing. done gobblers, dogs, horsesturkey and

transferred unforgettably to Oliver's bears and deer and porcupines. And mind. muscles, tense the poundThe inarticulatetwentyeight boys and had time he all to the nostrils heart, ing LIp the quivering

sitting as or standing,girls were "Startled Oliver Deer,"modeled the in his sympathetic found response close to Oliver as could they crowd, consciously refrained dofrom had body. own watching,watching, watching. ing himself, that after but any work to did Oliver not on go the Jacklittle a Oliver disgruntled was evening himself counted one had he in son's. skis his kicked around He

it all alfor having overwhen was class. of the Stanley and Thomaz started tothe running and snow himself enticed to intolowed be Oliinsisted that Porter had John falling school. In the the dusk ward

fortomodeling. intended had He ver's along exhibited should lit be work a rekindled kerosene he lampand everythingget sculpture conand efforts, their Oliver with and fire in own stove. the the with Then,

it, butnected with with now, Nick goodnaturedly agreed. had fingers fast that not could work exhibitStimac Helen andThomaz in the Early evening of the day set swiftly to with enough, he work

skilling small for of no amount left closed, school Stanley Oliver clay. the

their age, ofchildren he knew that exhibit, of the in charge Thomaz Stanley pushed Thomaz Whenthis possible. longer no was flivver, Stanley's jumped into and later, over open the door two hours

Oliver was still at work, shaping and whisked over to the Jackson's for a

In the weeks that folrefining. bite of belated supper. By the time

lowed, the free hour on Friday af- "I can't get it right,"he comhe returned to the school, cars were ternoons became the incentive that plained. He was oblivious to Stanalready parked in the yard. Among

guided Jericho school through the ley, to Stanley's friends who came them he recognized the Porter's and preceding four and a half days. in and went quietly to work, to the the Stimac's. But there were other

However inarticulate and unintelsmoky oil lamp, to the cold that cars, too—large cars with outof-

ligible the pupils might be through filtered into the room in spite of the state licenses. Summer visitors, he

the week, on Friday afternoons they heat from the stove that sought realized. He had not thought they

spoke Oliver's language and he valiantly to beat it back. would come. And now that they

spoke theirs. "There!"he exclaimed at last, had, they would only be amused at

Nor was this all, for when Nick sitting back to squint critically at this pitifully inadequate exhibition.

took home a clay turkey gobbler at his work. Well, let them laugh. He had had

Thanksgiving time, Nick's oldest "That's just exactly right,"exfun, and he had given the people brother, Stanley, walked through claimed Stanley. "I've seen 'em that here, the Thomazes, the Porters, and

the pine woods to the Jackson's to way lots of times."Stimacs, and the rest, something

ask Oliver if he would give lessons "So have I,"agreed big John they probably would never have had to older people. As a consequence, Porter. "I saw deer tracks this without him.

when Oliver returned to Jericho at morning myself. Must have been Stanley met him as he mounted

the end of his Christmas vacation, this same buck. Aren't many deer the steps, took his arm, and led him

he brought with him enough modelout into the yard.

ing clay for the entire school and "I've got something to tell you!"

for Stanley Thomaz and seven of his AFTER RAIN Stanley breathed excitedly.

friends. After that, the adult class By Isabelle Sharp "What's happened?"asked Olmet for lessons at Jericho school iver, apprehensive that a summer

every Friday evening. Even a puddle, visitor had unwisely criticized some

The Jacksons lived over a mile Is beautifulDark and drear, of the work within earshot of big by road from the school, but by When stars appear John Porter.

tramping across fields and through Reflected on its bosom. "Nothin'bad,"Stan hurried on.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1936

"There's an old bird in there with cut out for a sculptor. And say, by mouthed. For the first time in his

whiskers. He's with some of the the way, a friend took me into the life Oliver saw his brother at a

summer people—the Carpenters, I studio of this big sculptor, Daniel mental standstill.

guess. He came in and walked all Roland Harper, day before yester- "Ollie!"Lawrence exclaimed after

around the room, looking wise like day. Harper wasn't in, but his sec- a minute, his face breaking into a

an owl and patting his beard. When retary showed us around. There broad smile. "Why, Ollie! I never

he came to the head of a girl I did, was a statuette there. Secretary guessed. Well, you win. You're

he stopped and looked at it a long said it was done by some young going to the Academy in the fall, north fellow the sculpup in he said, 'Verytime.- Then woods and after that it's Paris and Rome

I artist,tural! suppose. Secretary of natural in a kind Very sculptural!'for you."

singing voice. I guess he thought had forgotten the fellow's name.

it was pretty good. But you should Harper is always discovering gen- "No,"said Oliver firmly. "Thanks

have seen him when he came to iuses, you know. Now, if you had a lot, Lawrence. Mr. Harper has

to I'm him. study with me I'd asked talent that fellow, 'Startled Deer.'did naturalyour 'Who."in going next studio. his to live week

I in favor be told asked.that?'he and spoke up of—like that, perhaps, After Paris and

it Oliver subject?"the at lookinghim. was stood and "What He Rome."patting his beard and singing 'Very interrupted.

sculptural!'over and over. He said, "A deer. Why?""Anything you say, Ollie. Then

'I want to meet that young man. He "A buck in the snow?"the nine months at Jericho didn't

hurt you?"has fine feeling—deep sympathy.'"That's it."

The old bird's in there now, patting "He's just been startled by a "No,"said Ollie. "They didn't

his beard the scent of a human?"hurt me. They made me. They "and singing 'Very sculpsound—ortural!'Lawrence nodded. taught me to understand people and

"You don't know who he is?""And he's tense and quivering, animals, to feel the things they feel

asked Oliver. all ready to spring into action?"and think the thoughts they think.

"No, but he must be somebody "That's it exactly. Have you I had mechanical skill before I went,

great,"Stanley answered. "There seen it?"but those nine months up there gave

he is now. You can see him in the "And it had the initials O. G. in me something else I had never had

doorway."the snow between the buck's hoofs?"before. Thank you, Lawrence, for

"Somebody great?"repeated Lawrence Grayson stared, opensending me to Jericho."

Oliver in an awed voice. "Yes, he's

somebody great. I've seen his work.

I've read his books. I've heard him

lecture. He's the greatest sculptor experience which would promote Education of Latterdayin the Middle West. His name is his eternal welfare. this point WithDaniel Roland Harper."

it is Saints of spirview seen that higher (Continued from page 15) ituality is really the great goal.

.Lawrence Grayson In the education of the Latterday

strode into the living room of his "\\7hile the Latterday Saints are Saints this must always be kept in apartment on a June evening to find frequently spoken of as a pracmind. From the days when the

his young brother already there. tical people and they are sometimes School of the Prophets was estab-

"Glad to see you back, youngsaid to be materialistic in their atlished in Kirtland by the Prophet ster,"Lawrence exclaimed heartily. titudes, in reality they are a highly Joseph Smith down to the present

"It's good to see you, too, Lawspiritual people, since all material time, the Church has devoted a rence."Oliver realized with happy things are considered to be of worth large part of its resources to prosurprise that his elder brother did only as they contribute to those moting the spiritual welfare of its

not seem so awesome or imposing ultimate spiritual values. members, and to the conversion of

to him after the months of separaMormon philosophy considers others to the fact that the Gospel tion. mortal life as only a short stage of contains the plan for man's highest

"You've done a good job. You've eternal existence, and that mortalperfection.

stuck it out,"said Lawrence conity was instituted for the special This point of view leads to the descendingly. "To be frank, I expurpose of promoting a higher deconclusion that any education which

pected you back eight months ago."gree of spirituality. In the Council does not take spiritual training into

"I never had a thought of quitin Heaven when various plans for consideration is like a tripod with ting,"Oliver replied. the perfection of man were disone of the legs missing, or it may

"Fine! Fine! You've got good cussed, the plan that was accepted be likened to an arch which lacks

stuff in you, Oliver. Now I suppose involved an earthly existence of the keystone. Where spirituality

you still want to go in for sculpturman so that he could have mortal is given prominence the individual ing. You'd probably like to enter has an anchorage which gives him

the Academy of Fine Arts. That's a feeling of contentment and stabilall right. Business is better. I'll be GREATEST HEALING POWER ity, regardless of any unfavorable

able to send or distressing circumstances that you this fall—if you By Elinor C. Woolsonstill to go."want cross his path. might The troubles

"I've decided not to go to the "Kitany things in this world of the hour are seen in true perAcademy,"said Oliver quietly. *-* Are healing besides medicine; spective by eyes which are focused

is healing; Love could not have Lawrence far "Good!"ahead, of instead on objectives

is healing, Kindness fine. that's for more. "Well,hoped confused the debris obby is the being And happiness

I've always been afraid you weren't Greatest healing power of all. structing the immediate foreground.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1936

HTmis, the Latterday Saints have able the Church has always prooperation to insure the education of in mind three great primary obvided private instruction. But as Latterday Saints in harmony with

jectives in their education: growth public schools have been estabthe fundamental philosophy and

in character, in scholarship, and in lished, the Church has withdrawn ideals of the Church.

spirituality. These are not whimfrom this general field and devoted We as Latterday Saints will

sical wishes which may change in its energies to supplementing the never be satisfied unless our people an hour or a day, but are fundapublic system with religious educahave the best opportunity to receive mental wants, and the truthseeking tion, which, though of the utmost extensive and wellbalanced educaChurch members will make whatimportance, is not given in the pubtion. This must include not only

ever sacrifices are necessary in orlic schools. The Seminary system, the best scientific learning of the

der to realize their desires. In atwhich is supplementary to the pubages, the best in history and philtaining these objectives they are lic high schools; the Institute sysosophy, art and literature, but it

told to use all means within their tem, which supplements public colmust also include character buildcapacities. "If there is anything leges; and the Church University ing and fundamental religion, which

virtuous, lovely, or of good report, together make up the great Church will promote a high degree of spiror praiseworthy we seek after these school system, which is now in ituality.

things."They are not satisfied to

consider only the schools as means of education, but they wish to use every other agency that will conThe Jewish World in returned to the homeland either for tribute to their progression. permanent residence or on pilgimThe home, as an instrumentality Which Jesus Lived ages to the great national feasts.

this is held educationof broader in (Continued from page 17) Josephusthe numbermayofexaggeratethose whoinreturnedplacing Saints Latterday esteem.high The

in for the Passover year 66 A. D. as thehave always honored home living, trade, raised the of standard million. at three unthey Yet were attitudes area proper place where life property and more made and to doubtedly numerous enough make instructionestablished where and secure. wellTheir systematic and definite society. a impression on The all things finer of in the be hadmay administration suorganized was the assault influence of world's life.of perior to hapless that any land had subtle through hard them was and auxestablished has Church The before. ever power known Roman too, Into meet. They, were Jews. its iniliary which organizations daily the the impressed upon many zeal, their in generosity, deed, and instruction, given bemembers may necessity of contact the outside with for cult as a enthusiasm and Judaism affairs, also but religious in onlynot few, and, world, the a not adupon their faith a as native surpassed they subjects practical culturalin the and in contact that vantage making coreligionists. general the to contribute willwhich friendly.

progress of the members. In these And yet every returning Jew was.

third factor which contributed a link with the great outside worldauxiliary organizations and Priest- A assault foreign the to soon Jewish its for social values. a witness and receive the members quorumshood that ciety inconsiderable not was they transformed ways In many in particiin speakingpractice and foreign of from Jews lands who It that the All body BabyJudaism. is known other in ways. variouspating

of the activities of the Church, lonian Rabbi Hillel exercised a very therefore, may be considered as profound liberalizing influence on contributing to the education of its Jewish life in Palestine. If, then,

members. this foreignborn exponent of the

One of the great educational law influenced Judean viewpoints, agencies for young people has been how much more so would those who the missionary system of the knew not the law so well contribute

Church. Young men and women to nonJewish tendencies!

spend a number of years traveling Thus it is quite clear that in the in the world, teaching the Gospel, days of Jesus the Jewish world, officiating in the ordinances of the whether in the homeland or abroad,

Church, and assuming responsibilwas being pressed from many quarity which goes with the calling. ters to seek a solution for the old

Many who are not members of the problem of relationship to the world,

Church have commented on the treand that, no matter which alternamendous educational value of our tive they adopted, serious consemissionary system. quences seemed inevitable. Jewish

Even though we have these insociety as a whole, then, ranged direct educational agencies of the itself in two groups, according as home and the Church, it is necesmen favored one or the other of sary for us to have schools which these alternatives.

are designed primarily to introduce and teach us the great body of facts Ill available for solving the problems of the universe. The Church has Asa nation or race grows old and

always fostered good schools sophisticated the social forces even when there were poverty and within it begin to crystallize into institutions. In these institutions mayadverse conditions—and where:.K'K: '

public schools have not been availbe found the technique by which

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1936

different social groups hope to solve general tendency was toward a polwas a local institution which tended the problems which confront society icy of accommodation or conformity to build up the community consciousas a whole. Though there were to the world. Whenever, in other ness of the smaller centers of popumany distinct social groups among words, the pressure of foreign inlation. It tended, therefore, toward

the Jews of Jesus'day, only two of fluence seemed to jeopardize the life decentralization on the economic them had developed their technique of the nation on its material side, and political sides of life. It was

to the stage of important institutionthey were ready to compromise. emphatically not monarchial in spirit,

alism. Perhaps the most conspicuous exbut aimed rather at the socialization

It is natural to think of the temple ample of this is found in the high of the material benefits of life.

as the outstanding institution of Ispriests of the Greek period who were This is seen in the nature of the rael. It was the institution in which ready to Hellenize the nation in service it rendered to the local comcentered the social machinery of the order to maintain their control over munity. It acted first as a local court

group which is known as the Sadit. for civil and criminal cases. On the

ducees. Let us consider for a moThe Sadducees of Jesus'day were Sabbath it was a center of enlightenment what kind of technique they no exception. Though they were, ment, inspiration, and edification for

had developed. The temple was a in the eyes of the people, a religious the local people. Through the week

national institution. In it were daily party, they aspired to take the place the education of the junior grades of

offered the various animal and other in this nonsovereign state which the children was carried on there. And

sacrifices, oblations, and offerings king and his nobles had taken in in many communities schools for which were believed to avail for the the preexilic monarchy. And with higher grades were conducted in

nation as a whole. this essentially worldly policy their close relationship to the synagogue.

The great annual feasts and fasts whole philosophy of life coincided. The synagogue specialized in servof the nation centered in the temple. With the Sadducees, on the exice to the local community, just as

Space does not permit a description treme right wing, stood a party the old local sanctuaries had done of the ceremonies which gave these which in the days of Jesus was not in preexilic Israel.

occasions significance. The chief organized as such, but which was And yet there was a tremendous

feasts were the Passover, the Feast even then feeling its way toward difference. The local sanctuaries

of Tabernacles, the Feast of Penteinstitutional selfexpression. This were entirely independent of each

cost, the Feast of Lights; and the party later came to be known as other, with chaotic results. But the

connectional generation a Zealots. the synagogues Within had a fastchief the Atonewas Day of

nature of the death of the had become bond. Jesus it To understand is,ment. charof however, one There

acteristic which all these occasions strong enough to sweep the older this bond is to understand another had in common. They were destined groups off their feet and plunge the difference between the synagogue

to draw the people together, to bring country in the disastrous war with and the temple. The temple system

them into a geographical center, if Rome, which resulted in the destrucbased its religious authority on a only for a few days in each year, tion of the temple in 70 A. D. This literal interpretation of the five

or, in other words, to make them party agreed with the Sadducees in books of Moses. But the synagogue

think of themselves as a social unit. that its members were nationalists. based its authority on the five books

Their only real difference from them of Moses as interpreted by the

The same centralizing tendency lies in the realm of procedure. They scribes, a professional class of reis seen in the various taxes and tithes wanted to do immediately and by ligious lawyers and expositors of

by which the temple was supported. armed resistance what the SadScripture, most of whom belonged

These were specified by law and ducees hoped to do gradually by to the Pharisaic party. The synafortified by religious sanctions. But skilful intrigue, namely, reestablish gogues were under Pharisaic contheir chief significance lay in the opJudea as an independent nation. trol.

portunity they offered for the conThey, too, belonged on the side of Thus the synagogue was the incentration of the country's wealth conformity to the world because strument of the technique which the for the support of a ruling caste. their standards of value were the Pharisees had developed to solve the

Considered as a social institution, standards of the world. great question of relation to the outthen, the temple and all its related But the most significant instituside world. Nor is it hard to see

observances represent the technique tion of Judaism in the days of Jesus that this technique was one of nonof centralized social control by an was not the temple but the synaconformity to the world. The

arbitrarily distinguished class. This gogue. If we reflect for a moment Pharisees sent their teachers to every

class, in the days of Jesus, was upon this institution we shall see corner of the world, where as many known as the Sadducean party, comhow different was its genius to that as ten Jewish families could be gathposed of temple priests and their of the temple. In the first place it ered, to teach their people the dislay adherents. These latter, as we tinctive observances, duties, cusmight expect, were drawn almost toms, and beliefs that made them

entirely from the ruling classes, men A TREE IN SILHOUETTE Jews no matter where they were.

of large means, widespread interBy Estelle Webb Thomas Their system removed resistance to ests, and corresponding social, eco- T?tched sharply black against a sunthe world from the sphere of politics

nomic and political influence. *—'set sky, and economics to the sphere of

It is unnecessary here to go into A tree in silhouette ethics.

beside on a rustic bridge you me And the originthe question of and hisside beof the synagogue On the lingers yet! magic The thistory of the Sadducees. But also longed the monastic communmuch should be said: that their hisThough such perfection was not meant to ities developed by the group known

in centuries that in thetory shows as the Essenes. monkish were They forget cannot Mylast,heart control of thewhich they exercised in celibates rural comwho lived against etched a sunset sky, I see When

Jewish community in Palestine their A tree in silhouette. munities and devoted themselves to

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1936 the subjugation of the natural human ENCHANTED POPLARS ing institution are compared they appetites. thoroughThey were

going determinists who exempted By Mrs. Naomi S. Scott areis impossible,seen to behere,interdependent.to make such Ita

nothing at all from the sway of desTrees grow ferocious at night. comparison adequately, but some

tiny. They believed that God is Etched against that lack of light light may be thrown on the world

lose their lacy delicacy They thatthe of author good only, and lived consider Jesus in which if we soft That them seem makes so to me evilthe in the an world comes from intelbriefly points three of very tall giants grim become and And opposing cosmic force. ConseReigning in their banquet hall. lectual or dogmatic difference bequently their technique was one of tween the Sadducees and the Pharavoidance of evil by withdrawal isees.

from the world. In their seclusion enty men drawn from the SadduTo the first point of disagreement

they schooled themselves to bear cean priesthood, the scribal class, reference has already been made such evil as might be destined for and the laity. In the days of Jesus namely, the authority of the unwritthem, and studied to wait patiently the Sadducees were still in control ten law. The Sadducees held that

for some supernatural intervention of this body numerically. But some the only source of authoritative

of God in the natural orderwhere- of the lesser Sadducean priests, knowledge of the will of God lay by alone salvation might come. some of the middleclass laity, and in the five books of Moses. Those

Their technique, then, belongs on nearly all of the scribes belonged to books, as everyone knows, conthe side of nonconformity to the the Pharisaic opposition. And this cern themselves very largely with

world. opposition was stronger in point of the temple, its services, and its obAs we might expect, these two intellectual power and of social inligations. It can easily be undergreat types of reaction to the fluence than the Sadducees. They stood, therefore, why the Sadducees.

world's life divided the Jewish peoaggressively challenged the latter took this position. If their dogma

ple into two groups or factions, all along the line, even on their were granted it definitely tied the even though the great mass did not control of the temple and their disnation down to the one technique realize what it was all about. The charge of its priestly functions. of life of which the Sadducees held

battles fought by these right and the hereditary monopoly.

left in staged wings were an instiIV Pharisees, other hand, The on the

It thetution Sanhedrin. as known interpretations, that extenultimately deinsisted "pVERY institution constituted, auunderwas Roman sions, particular applications of and

thority, as highest executive velops the a philosophy which by qualified written the law by made itself, it rationalizes or, the in matters ofcourt for such other Jews of scribes authority equal with were its justifies existence.as the to words, allowed conqueror them When statutes the they on which were

its thiscontrol. philosophy of sevcorrespond- and composed It was It is to see based. not hard why

they so insisted. Once grant them

theirs. It gave them carte blanche MIDWINTER TERM STARTS JAJS. 6 their position and the world was

winners that is prolucing It will to attend pay a school justification and placing its graduates in good for technique the of any calls year. for office help received past positions. during 321

evolve. they might It gave them

almost unlimited power to adjust their system to circumstances while still retaining it as a system. It

enabled them to invent new customs and standards by which to keep their people conscious of their distinction from the gentile world.

Thus it appears that here, as always, dogmatic differences are rooted deep in social life. When

they cease to be so rooted they wither and are forgotten. The Sadducees and the Pharisees both

wanted the same thing, control of society. Hence their difference on

this question of authority.

The two parties clashed again on the question of destiny. The Sadducees insisted on the absolute freedom of the human will, or, in other

words, on man's power to shape his W. last won C.summerMaxwell,for ChairmantypewritingInternationalspeed contest.Contest,JuanitaChicago,Wrightpresent(insert)lonewonPohnsonthird place.with trophy own destiny. Nothing is predeter

including subjects, given courses Complete in all commercial Business Administration, Salesmanmined or foreordained. We attain, ship, practice machines. Secretarial Training, Comptometer and office

Call, write or phone for new catalog—mention "Era"—Visitors welcome any time. in this world, the values to which

SEE OUR SCHOOL IN SESSION our skill and knowledge and other resources entitle us. It is not hard'WasatchHENAGER2753 BUSINESS COLLEGE45 East Broadway to see why they believed this.

"THE SCHOOL WITH 6 WORLD RECORDS AND A NATIONAL REPUTATION"Their technique was one of adjustment. But such a technique cans

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 19 36

never be sure of getting anywhere tertained as precious the prophetic and must wait until God's power if there is an overruling power promises of a golden age to come. was revealed in the world. The

which decrees the end, no matter Those promises, as one recalls, vary ultimate salvation of the individual what we do. The Sadducees were in their conception of the nature of depended not merely on keeping

opportunists. Given skilful leaderthe golden age. But they all have himself right with God. It depended

ship a nation might, they held, two features in common: first, even more upon preserving the race

aspire to and get whatever it wantthey are socially conceived. Salvain that relationship. The whole ined. All things could be influenced tion for the prophet means a new stitutional technique of the Pharisee

by will and skill. Even God himsocial order. The individual's hope was designed to enable the Jew to

self, their very temple cultus taughtof salvation lies in living to participersist as a Jew, apart from, and was not immune. Offer him that pate in that order. Secondly, these in spite of, the world, until the day

which he demanded in the way of prophetic visions of a golden age are of his vindication, and in some resacrifices and obligations, and his concretely conceived. They are to spects its agelong efficiency defavor and assistance were assured. be realized on this earth. When the serves to be and is one of the wonThe whole technique of the PharJews of Jesus'day spoke of a "Kingders of the world.

isees, however, promoted the docdom of Heaven"they meant a kingInto the world in which moved trine that destiny has a place in life. dom inaugurated by the God of the various social, political, and spirThe Pharisees said God's will must heaven on this earth. The Pharitual forces which have been touched

be considered in every phase of life. isaic doctrine of the resurrection and upon above came Jesus of Nazareth.

Hence their extension of the written the judgment was a logical deduction It was a complex and divided solaw. But this conception of God's from this faith in the ultimate golden ciety, intensely introspective and

interest in human life implies that he age. If there were no resurrection selfopinionated, provided with elabhas a purpose for it, and therefore of the body, how could the righteous orate organization and abundance of

has the power to overrule. Yet the dead ever enjoy the promises made

Pharisees were not theological fatalto them as well as to their children?

ists. understand one can couldn't held They now And be. They INDEPENDENT BE trying to Pharisees the were has to control what the powerthat man Vocation So Profitable No Other

his destiny to this extent that he may do by means of their elaborate sysENROLL NOW decide what his attitude to the ditem. They were trying to preserve For a Complete Course at the

vine sovereignty will be. They had the Jewish people as a distinct soto make this concession to human cial group until their great day of Quisii School of Beauty Culture

freedom to provide motivation for vindication should appear. Unless The Best in the West

their legalism. If men had no part that were done, even God, on the 304-9 Ezra Thompson Bldg.

in shaping their destiny they would premises of the Scriptures, could not SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH soon find no sense in obeying the vindicate himself. Unless that were For Further Information

law. So the Pharisees taught a sodone, the Jewish race, as a race, and Catalog Call

cial doctrine on this point. Society could never be vindicated before WasatchFill in7560Thisor

must cooperate with God in shaping the Gentiles. This was their soluCoupon

destiny. Here they were the heirs tion of the great dilemma. The

of the prophets, and their technique Jews must preserve their social corresponded exactly to their teachsolidarity, must orient every phase ing. of their life upon the divine center,

if Finally, understand would we the nature of the values toward II H—H U II—||—II—HH II! II H lll l ||—II 11—11—1|, -"II——,..,,,

which any social group is driving, we must consider what hopes they Opportunity's Gates Once More Swing Open, project into the future for society as a whole. The Sadducee had a verysimple hope, which was that Judea January 6

might some day regain its sovereignty and achieve, under the leadThe Winter Quarter is always ership of his own order, a social, more than a regular Quarter is built toeconomic, and political success in the—the curriculum

worldorder which is now in force. accommodateremain at schoolthoseonlywhoa Quarcan

It is not hard to see that the Sadter as well as for those who ducees were, in spirit, men of the can remain throughout the world. A long lease of power and year.

a chain of circumstances which had deprived their country of its secular Bring Your Credits rulers had conspired to make of With You them nothing but a ruling caste.

Only the overlordship of a foreign FIFTEENTH ANNUAL LEADERSHIP WEEK JANUARY 2731 power kept their high priests from assuming a crown as well as a miter.

The Sadducees had no time for visions of a miraculously transformedworld. i BRIGHAIH YOUnG UniVERSITY

But the Pharisees had. They en- | I——,',——————,—.,—,.—

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1936

farsighted, sagacious leadership. It In Matthew, chapter 22, and sure that he could keep in close daily

is not the purpose of this article to Luke, chapter 14, there is found contact with the great Creator.

deal with what he tried to do in that some reliable evidence of a grave To Hafen this contact was an society. But it may serve as a fitpoint of difference between Jesus essential part of life eternal. From

ting conclusion if he be briefly oband the Pharisees. The parable of Paris he wrote August 24, 1890,

served in conflict with these two the king who made a great marriage "The Latterday Saints should not great social techniques which have feast to which he first invited chosen be satisfied with their conduct until been considered. guests is the case in point. Those they can feel the power and the inIn Matthew, chapter 21, Mark, who had a special right to enjoy the fluence of the Holy Spirit continually

chapter 1 1, and Luke, chapter 20, king's fellowship spurned their opday and night wherever they are there is a story about the challenging portunity. Whereupon the king exlaboring."

of Jesus by leaders of the Sadducean tended its bounty to include the This daily guidance was very real group. After Jesus had taught for great rabble. "And those servants in the life of the Springville artist.

a time in and around Jerusalem he went out into the highways, and His religion was not for "Sunday appeared one day at the temple and gathered together all, as many as only."It was a vital part of his

began to teach. Immediately he was they found, both good and bad."every thought. God was his helper

confronted by Sadducean leaders It is plain that this parable is diif he lived worthily. Hafen never

who asked him, "By what authority rected against the Pharisaic system painted a picture without praying doest thou these things? And who of social control through the inculin secret for Divine guidance. We

gave thee this authority?"The cation of an ethical system whose may cite as an example his painting

dilemma in which Jesus placed his prime aim was to create a separate, of the "Sycamore Tree."Many of

questioners shows that he knew exdistinct society, within the world, the Brown County artists had atactly the vital point in their system. yet apart from it. Jesus felt that the tempted this magnificent landmark

He asked them whence John the Pharisaic system fell down at the in Indiana. Always the results

Baptist had derived his authority. point of greatest need. It failed to showed the failures of the painters.

As the record tells us, they were at reach those who needed it most. It In nature the tree was a giant domi-

a loss to answer. "If we shall say, was a middleclass, bourgeois relinating the landscape. In the picFrom heaven, he will say unto us, gion which offered little for those tures it became a weak dwarf. Hafen

why, then did ye not believe him? upon whom the heaviest burdens of tried a number of sketches which

But if we shall say, From men, we life rested. Plainly, Jesus wanted were unsatisfactory. But before

fear the multitude, for all hold John to save the world, and not merely commencing the serious painting of as a prophet."Here the Sadducees to save a highly differentiated group the old tree he knelt alone and with

appear plainly as a ruling caste, from the world. bowed head asked his Heavenly

jealous to keep their authority, yet Undoubtedly there was a need for Father for help. He testifies that a

knowing well that the great masses the work he wanted to do. The voice spoke to him telling him to

were restive under it, and looking tradition that the common people use Gothic arches. He immediately

for the free prophetic word of cheer heard him gladly is readily credible began to think of the effect of Gothic and guidance from a soul directly in when one understands the instituwindows which help to increase the touch with God. Jesus, like the tionalized life of his day and obeffect of height in some of the fine

Pharisees, questioned that concepserves the clashing of values in the old churches. So he put Gothic

tion of authority which centralized great organized groups of society. windows in the foliage of the old

social control in the hands of a small Yet when one thinks upon his fate "Sycamore Tree"as he painted it.

ruling group. one can see that no particular social The other artists were astonished.

group is responsible for it, but, The picture was a great success. It

rather, humanity as a whole. All was a prize winner in the East. To

men are tied up together in the great John Hafen it was simply another that is close that testimony and God task of discovering the true tech-

I of the those prayers He answers of nique those who life. And even

seek His cooperation. HEADQUARTERSNEWFOR profess to believe that Jesus found who

LATTERDAY SAINTS it often have not the courage to live Hafen believed that the Father

GARMENTS the life that brought him to his in Heaven warns and advises His

FACTORY TO FROM YOU events. future concerning Calvary. children

Solicit Mail Orders Your We of follow the promptings Lt. He tried to Ladies'No. 88. Men's Wt. and

New Style $.65 I the Spirit. He refused to accept any No. 89. Med. Wt. Men's and Ladies'

New Style 1.10 1 psychological explanations of cerNo. 80. Heavy Double Men's Back 1.35 Wt.

I No. 81. Heavy Old Style Double Wt. II The Meaning of Relitain promptings which were not un-

1.50 Back his in sometimes common life. He 87. Lt. I No. Old and Wt. New Styles

! 85. 85 = gion in the Life of Special No. GarVery his belief that NonRun expressed in being

to—Not—Guaranteed |Jments impractical in the sense one worldly 1.10 Special Rayon Run

- John Hafen Lt. LaMen's and Wt. j No. 84. Med. very practical. be may in reality! dies'Style, Double CombNew (Continued from page 7) T 85 ed Yarn, Extra Fine

i Specify ordering, bust, trunk your when Indianapolis the artist wrote "pROM style, length, old whether and new 1| if ladies'. or men's Postage Pay in "I and ]|| a personal God. He approached naFebruary, 1910, Weor must

Anywhere in the United States. ture with a reverent attitude. In change the subject and tell you what

of his about last comments after I just the happened wrote my I many his characterout-ofdoors speech is this one. before letter to you You MOSE14 SO. MAINLEWISST.

CITY, ized SALT of praise LAKE UTAH by words Virgil. and thanksfor remember I was waiting

this seeing Please mention Ad in this j giving to nature God. that Through he was The understanding Magazine

and through prayer the artist felt would come at half past six if he

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1936

were not invited out somewhere to summated. Every detail of the arcould meet death as he met life with

dinner. Well, he didn't come and rangement had been made for his a calm and dignified trust and hope.

after sitting reading until 7:45 a family to join him before he died. It truly can be said of John Hafen

feeling came over me to go down Probably poor food and lack of that he loved God with all his heart stairs, but I reasoned it away, asking warmth had something to do with and that he was a friend to man.

myself, what do I need to go down weakening his body before the pneuHe did not merely accept Chrisstairs for? It was cold and unmonia attacked him. tianity, he espoused it. Even those

pleasant so I would start to read The same power which sustained who disagree with some of his beliefs again and in a few minutes I would and rewarded him along the jourcannot doubt his sincerity, his integstop reading and again wonder if ney, stood by him when death was rity, and his loyalty to the things

I had not better go down stairs. near. Hafen's rewards were not which he considered right. His life

I was the only being in the building broad acres and a life of comfort illustrates the great miracle which and the front door was locked. Seeand ease. His was a steady growth God performs in lighting a man's

ing your letter lying on the desk in spirituality with increased powers soul with calm and radiant peace in addressed and stamped gave me an of perception and appreciation. He the midst of suffering and trouble.

excuse. While putting on my coat

I began to smell some kind of smoke.

I looked all around my three rooms but nothing was the matter there.

So I went on down the five flights of stairs neared the as I bottom and I I am using Butterick Patterns stronger.the smell was When

got to the first floor I discovered that the building was on fire. "The fire department was called. and a in very

TS extinguished. quickly fire wasThe

Building was saved,"and much pleased.."The Trust

Hafen concludes his statement with these words, "I could acknowledge the hand of God in prompting me to go down stairs."Writes Mrs. J. A. of California.

Hafen expected more than spirThis is just one of the thousands itual and mental rewards from the of unsolicited comments we redivine source. In a letter written

to his family he talks of the wonder ceive from satisfied customers.and greatness of motherhood. One For you see—Butterick Patterns

may read between the lines an exare cut so accurately, so well, pression of his great love for his that Butterick clothes have dash wife, Thora, an appeal for family and chic all their own.

loyalty to the wonderful, selfsacri- ficing mother, and a yearning for the Butterick styles have a distinccompanionship of wife and family. tion all their own, too. They

This man, fighting his way to have great smartness combined success in an eastern city, feels his loneliness but trusts in God. He with an air of refinement and

said, "God is just. I look for Augood breeding. They are the

tumn to ripen the fruits in Spring kind of clothes that "do things"and Summer's garden of experience. for you—and enable you to

And that its accompanying poetic be beautifully dressed without haze and whispering zephyrs will spending very much money.

smooth the rugged path and calm the pulsating arteries of trial and anxiety, and that the golden fruits Butterick 6441, sketched here, of Autumn will bring cheer to Winis one of Butterick's charming ter's hearth in the evening of life. styles. Designed for sizes 12 to

Nothing is too good, no kindness 20; 30 to 40, priced at 45c. You

can be overdone towards and for can buy this—and see a wide

a wife and mother. So I have an selection of other Butterick deintense desire to battle with life with

at the Butterick Patternyou by my side and not a thousand signs—

miles away. I crave the love you counter of leading department

long to bestow upon me by your stores.caresses and embrace."W

For him, as for the Great Master, the cup did not pass. In the midst

of his rising fame and assured success in the East he was stricken BUTTERICK "STYLE LEADERS OF THE WORLD"wtih pneumonia and died before the union with his family could be con57

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1936

trouble, sickness, anxiety alone behind andO Little Town walls. those to they the hospital. approached him As he's afraidIt's—it'sto try awful,to get (Continued from page 21) doctor's she recognized a Molly."emblem

drew a deep, catching breath. on the car parked at the curb. She The poor old fellow paused,

Memories rushed upon her, overlaid a restraining hand on the girl's choking, tears flooding his eyes.

whelmed her. Her older companarm. Molly was throwing off her things.

ion gave no outward sign, but she "Would you mind very much "Hurry, Rita, I may need you.

was acutely conscious of a heart coming in with me for a moment? Uncle, I'm going in. Maybe I can

that beat with accelerated velocity. I have a feeling we are needed help."

Strange, these two, returning to here—both of us."She entered the sick room, her

keep Christmas with memories! "Of course."surgeon's bag in her hand. The

There seemed no words suitable There was an immediate response young doctor, who was bent over to the occasion as they left the train to their knock. The door swung his patient, evidently preparing him

for the snowy dusk outside. How open and a man's face appeared—for the operation, looked up. Restill, how deserted, how familiar a grey, suffering, deeplined face; lief lighted his anxious face as he

that snowswept village scene! The a face aged beyond its years and recognized the newcomer. "Dr.

rumble of the hand truck, the coal just now dark with despair. It was Wilson! Thank God! We can go

oil lamp in the ticket office of the her uncle. ahead. Ruptured appendix, docgrimy station, the scattered twin- "Uncle, it's Molly."tor. He was tossing in acute pain

kling lights of the town—the dark, "Molly?"He repeated the name when I arrived. Five minutes later

deserted shack on the Dump beunintelligently, then recognition he suddenly became perfectly easy.

yond. broke upon his drawn features. That was thirty minutes ago. Will

The girl clutched a package to "Molly! Why—Molly—come you please take the case in charge?

her breast, the pile of bags and hatin."He glanced anxiously at the I shall take directions from you

boxes ignored, while the doctor room he had evidently just quitted. with the greatest pleasure."

from force of habit, gripped her "It's Sidney,"he said in an agDr. Wilson nodded. She shook

surgeon's case. Together, silently, onized whisper as he gestured tohands with Sidney, she greeted her

they trudged through the snow, the ward the closed door. "Doctor just aunt, her mind evidently occupied

girl's eyes drawn to the dark little got here. He says it's ruptured apwith nothing but the case before

house on the hill, the doctor's unpendix. Dr. Gregg is down sick. her. The young doctor had made

winkingly on the lighted windows He phoned for another doctor, but preparations. There was an abundof a house far down the street. With he hasn't come yet. He's afraid to ance of hot water, of sterile gloves,

a doctor's instinct she sensed wait and he's afraid to go ahead and instruments.

THIS IS THE OIL YOU NEED FOR

tUG

let the service man 20-W—inWith the correctthe crankcase,winter Vico—10Wyour motoror DriveVico stationin at yourand neighborhood Pep 88 will start easily on coldest days. No oil check your oil—and also explain about

drag. It saves strain on your battery. the complete "winterizing"service that's

But that's not all! You'll find that Vico quick, inexpensive and gives your car

holds its body when the most complete protection all winter against motor hot—protectslonger mileage in all seasons.wear—gives

ICO COLDPROOF MOTOR OIL OIL UTAH Hundreds of ServiceREFININGStations and Dealers in Utah andCOMPANYIdaho

Distributors of Atlas Tires and Batteries, and Stanolind Products

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1936 "What are the chances for getbut of course I'll stay by. You my hands. I've been thinking, Ted,

ting him to the hospital?"and Rita may get some rest. And of a fitting memorial to Mother and

"There is no ambulance in Indon't forget it's Christmas."Dad. I want to give Indian somedian, and to get one from SpringBut Rita had slipped away unthing and I thought of a hospital.

field and back to the hospital seen. Dr. Wilson whispered someIndian needs the hospital, just a

through these drifts would take thing to Ted and he threw on his small one, of course, as tonight's several hours. I had decided overcoat and let himself out into the neartragedy testifies.."You will beagainst it."snow. chief surgeon, and—

right. shall are "I guess you "Rita—."We since time a long ILt was right to the best dohave we can feet, his to had jumped had Ted the to out Dump. been had sterilize Rita,here. your Ted come space between the narrow covered the as snowblan- neared he Nowhands."gently stride a at had and them light of strip a he cabin keted saw

Jlvita had been hovering under the drawn shade. He did not taken a canopener from the small

in the shadows behind the old man wish to intrude; just to know that white fingers. "Rita, you wondernear the door, eyes for no one but she was safe. For some minutes he ful girl!"

the young doctor. The doctor had tramped back and forth in front of "Nothing of the kind. It's just

not seen her. Now she stepped the little house, then knocked and that the Christmas spirit has sort

forward into the grimness of that called softly. The door was imof mellowed my heart. I haven't

picture, she was like something too mediately opened. always."loved Indian, Ted, but tolovely to be real. The doctor "Ted, I'm so glad you've come. night—

stared, speechless, until she spoke No one else would have fitted into softly. the picture tonight, and into my Jlvita retrieved the canin.""Hello, Ted."dreams. Come simple the continued opener and

already "Rita!"His hands caught both There was sat she a bright fire operations Ted had begun.

of hers. There was not another started in the small black stove, swinging a leg from the corner of

word spoken and Dr. Wilson turnand they hovered over it with outthe table and devoured the lovely

ed her head so as not to see the stretched hands while the heat girl with wistful eyes.

filled room. tiny the neverlooks meant were for slowly kept all, this town "After Ted, to to come love to find Sidney I usedother "How eyes—turnedthat sevfor starving from and me Dad a such wistfully. smiled homey Rita. at hergazing She here, It was

at him reassuringly. little house. Your mother kept it eral months. I've never done anyto express of that I my thing know time I've bright."long a clean "For such and been so the like really gratitude. you Do to Sidney. you,indebted do you remember "I know. And Now

I've a chance to pay that debt."the tree I always had at Christmas? idea of the hospital?"

"You pay me? If you ever owed And do you remember eating eleven "It's fabulous! Why—."

me anything it was long since paid. cookies once?"He brought up so abruptly that

If it hadn't been for your example, "Do I?"he placed an expressive Rita looked up from the cambric tea

your courage and ambition to inhand over the region of his stomach. she was brewing. He had a rapt

spire me I'd never have made the Rita laughed too. "Sit down. It's look on his face.

break, Molly. I was late making growing warm now. I do believe "What?"

architect I'm going to do hot. anthe start, the oven's but—I'm

happy! while Molly, I'm things and I'm so you rest."now,

—specializing in hospitals. I'm just "Mayn't I help?"|| ll Hi n——II 'U-home for Christmas, you see—-.""No. I'm sure you need a bit of The Utah High

Molly saw, in spite of a swift rest after your trying ordeal. And School of Beautygush of happy tears. She gripped what I'm going to do is very simple.

the lean hand. "Great! I'm stay- I want to tell you something and Culture

ing over a few days. We'll talk I can talk best when I'm busy with 121 SOUTH2ndMAINFloor STREET

everything over."

For the next hour few words Learnindependenta professionfor thethatrestwouldof yourmake life.you

were spoken save the quiet comWATER MUSIC Write for Catalog.

mands of Dr. Wilson and the reBy Ethel Romig Fuller Mail This Coupon

sponses of her assistants. Rita adName

ministered the anesthetic like a Strange, how water always keeps Address wistful song, Its lovely ever happier than she hadveteran, harrying the board to! and provide room of cold, CityWe can it Despite clearbeen. Helped away when of town out long. students Winter

was over, the liveliest, sweetest!

singing in her heart, the most wonListen... don't you hear it croon,

low, and Tenderly permeating feeling exaltedderful is sealed beneath a brook Where

It a marbeing.her was such snow? Ice and WILL YOU WEAR THIS SUIT

to a help thing savevelous human

I in *I2 to a and Day Make up chimes, crystal the to Listen...life, she part the played though and fine suit this tailored allwool send Let you me

it trickles, drop drop by As follow Just easy plan and COST. my OF |jFREE she had indeed beenhad roofs, friends. suit to the your to up southsloping show Make $12 the warm From

canvassing easily. in day a No in in nearness herreveled experience—no icicles. Down it—andsmall necessary. I

to. skilled the Wilson. Dr. for Send and COST OF Ted Samples—FREE

details. for today Write its SAM- I ACTUAL FREE prisoned humming to And talked Dr. Wilson and Ted plans. getting "surefire"money and PLES log's bark In a black money. no Send said, for thenquietly she while a flame to accompaniment an As J. CO. Collin H. TAILORING PROGRESS

"l think he's going to be all right, Hark...! Dept. A-12S 500 S. Throop St., Chicago, III.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1936

"If you won't."think me presump- ("What is that?"MAKE MONEY tuous, Rita—"Nurses. You know I always

;;No, Ted."I one. meant to be think you Do working money at studio or homepABN*-'in photos miniatures and Learn "Koehnein "Let Method"coloring Sidney the Wilson could draw learn while the hospital's beIn thisoil. few weeks. is done beautiful Work by and method

In previous demand. experience needed. plans! make Many He's a scout he's good ing and built?"Noor spare timemoney for free easy way. Send

booklet, requirements. full"Make Money and Home"this time. had a tough well get He'd on staring amazed. "You're was Ted NATIONAL SCHOOL, atART

3601 Illinois 4181 Michigan Dept. Chicago,Inc. Avenue it the thought of alone."are to quit not—why, you—going that's "Ted, idea! a gorgeous the screen?"

makes=j >"> nn i r mi 1 1 1 1 1 mil n i m 1 1 in 1 1 1 1 <i 1 1 1 1 tinimimiMiiiiiiiiiiijimiiiminiiiiiiiiiLThat everything just perfect, "You don't think I'm going back it?"doesn't

"As hospitals go, I'd say this is to Hollywood when there are so many wonderful things to do here, going to be a honey?"he grinned.

Cinnamon toast came out of the do you?"

I | oven, golden and crunchy. With Ted exalted a long, wondering WE KNOW

breath and stack of I a it between with them andI You'll Like Our "Rita, would a thick white of ironstone cup reachedyou,—couldacross the youtable. Careful Photo steaming cambric before each, they do you suppose you could possibly

Finishing Service sat down at the table drawn close to find anything wonderful in being to married me?"the stove. now glowing

pictures take ourselves We "There's one thing would "That we overlookbe the most wonof prints |I what kind we know| and | you like to get from your nega- % ed, Ted."derful thing of all?"she said softly.

| tives. That's why our photo 1

1 finishing laboratories are famous | | for the careful workmanship of | our experienced craftsmen. Give

I thing, grant friendship is a royal you trial us a with your| next roll of | A Silver Girdle shall that royalty ever But none know yourself. for| film—see

it is {Continued [com page 29) realized For has till he what

TRY OUR ENLARGING j His best friend in himself.'

the crest of the be "You wave, on may big prints Making from fa- 1

I in dear the now, while trough, Wayne, am fit for real see friendship is not one "You vorite is negatives of one our| | for crest the but without to the trough until himself has worthy; he proved and specialties. have And a wide we| | there tumble over I'm ocean. be would no is until to staunch alone. he stand enough= variety of styles from which you |

is its willing to take place, but depth my "Goodbye, Wayne, choose.| may | to serve for as the the building foundation "Eileen."

of a new life, such as you and I never dreamed of when I was skimming the foam EASTMAN with you. You must know that I have Her father came upon her as she

nothing in common with the shrinking viosat, whitefaced and shaken, her let; I adore a challenge! I have certainly mouth set in a determined line, a

in found one find my little hard, for Eileen. "Why, in answer a milkbottle your letter—yousome day.may

"I now see the meaning of those lines daughter, what is it?"

from Edward Arlington Robison that Miss She said simply, "Daddy, I have didn't used about. Hargraves to rave They just torn precious out of something STORES* I register in school. when was you Do 155 Street life it South Main roots, hurts."the and by my

I I remember laughed and you how when CITY,1 SALT LAKE UTAH father at looked Her Wayne's to quoted them you? were merry so We

.lllllMllllllllIlllllllllllllltllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllltllllllllllllltllllUlllllllllllllllllli and gay, lying on the beach after a swim: letter in her lap, but he said nothing.

And then—'"Say, where's your

mn*>-B-vi mother's pup—that cute little antrifler. Why Salt Lake Gity's Newest Popular Hotel 1 noyance,"Daddy,Pim?"you're a

don't you say, puppy love, and be done with it! The worst of it is you

! so often trifle at just the right moment."HOTEL

l\ few more days of hobTEMPLE bling around and Eileen was ready to call herself quite whole physically.

Emotionally she hurt all over every SQUARE time she thought of Wayne's atti200 Rooms each with tude. But, she reasoned with herTile Bath self, "After all, I'm over a couple

of thousand miles away in spirit as

Rates well as distance. How childish of

$1.50 to $4.00 me to have expected my friendship

Radio Connections for with him to continue as it was. A

black line on the social register is

Every Room of no consequence whatever—to the

ERNEST C. ROSSITER, Manager register; I can't let it matter much

Opposite Great Mormon Temple to me! I won't."

The Lodge at the Lake was open.

II II H II II II II- -II it—1[< -II II It H——HmIImH—Hll—People came early to be among the

s

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1936

first anglers of the season. Naturewith a black mane and tail was a

lovers come later. great pretender. At the first sign

Tom's decoy was more alluring of being led to the fence where the than he had anticipated; Dadai packing went on the pony would

found no more time for loneliness. start to hang his head and droop his

She was too busy helping her men eyes as if even his soul were burto organize parties, packing food dened. Slim would give his rump

and lunches, and keeping the soup- a resounding whack and say, kettle simmering for their return. "Straighten yo'self out here, Kennie, J\.ing (Jul the Did, Jving in the (jXew

It fascinated her to see Slim and don'you know what's fit'n 'n proper

Squint secure the saddlebags with in an animal? Disport yo'eslf, you

o'hoss little hunk in miserable hitch.the diamond watched She flesh, THERE IS ONE disport yo'self!"Kennie would Old everythey stowed asamazement

thing from mattresses to folding look around at him out of the corner tables and chairs on the backs of of his eye and grunt as if to say, all "That's about it."you know little animals. or three packtwo LjeaA sure enough, he 0\ew the minute of And at astonished the bunchShe was

hay they always carried for those got one straw too much on his who intended to keep the horses at back, down on his knees he'd go and the lake basin while they fished. roll over on his pack. "Come on.esotutLon

But that was not everybody's privlazy bones, you sonof-a-gun!"Slim

ilege. Tom would not take chances would say, and call Chance, who which you can make

with anyone who had not been in was always standing close by with with profit this year.

the forest before, or who was not his tail wagging and his tongue waiting for the signal.well with horses. acquainted It was lolling, As RESOLVE to get Chance leapt forward to nip old not familiartoo easy for anyone, value fromwith the mountains, to get lost, and Kennie's hocks, up he'd get as blithe double

there was too much probability that as any critter, ready for the trek. your subscription to

the horses might break loose from But there were times when he just The Improvement Era, their hobbles or ropes and wander couldn't get going without that proby carefully saving all back to the home camp, leaving the test. issues and having them

fisherman stranded: not such a prepermanently bound in

dicament as being on a sinking ship of course, but in this case there vJne day Tom saw a one volume. Such a

would be no means of sending out party off to the lakes at the head of volume makes good an S. O. S. Henry's Fork, a twoday's jaunt reading for the entire

there and back from ReyCamp family. Prices very least the from people two At nolds. to liked would have Tom

in, party reasonable.guide took a always camp this lead It himself. group the was

in the saddle to lead order pack and greatest distance anyone gone, had horses home. After a few days, or but he was expecting friends to arthe guides more, orpossibly a week rive at camp that afternoon, he and

to bring lakesreturned the to Pi? Deseret not the would disappoint being them by

anglers back. Both Jimmie and absent.

Eileen were ready to go along asassistants to Tom or one of the men Cars pulled in or out of Camp at iNews Press whenever they were needed. Eileen any hour of the day or night. Da29 Richards Street

social charm anything was felt able to take a group in by herself dai's but Salt Lake City, Utah lost in this retreat. mountain She if necessary.

Printers and Binders gracious was hospitable and to all "Pioneer close a to keep very had Tom the West"of who came, she and found the sportat to keep the horseswatch on camp them from straying, in which case they might be lost forever.

Every animal in the band had a personality of his own. Dadai found

the horses almost as interesting as INSURE people. One little bronco was decidedly tricky; he liked nothing betYour registered stock and dairy herds against death from any cause.

ter than to start a riot among the other horses by prancing up anddown and rattling the pots and pans INSURE in his saddle bags if he could get Your animals while in transit to market.away at just the right moment. He

often pretended to falter on some Let us quote you rates.

dizzy pass, but in reality he never stumbled or fell. The roan was just HEBER J. GRANT & COMPANY

as steady as old Bronc was tricky; 20 So. Main Street Salt Lake City, Utahshe assumed an air of wisdom. One

mischievous buffcolored little beast w

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1936 lovers as varied as a crosssection of when to use which. And some who which Tom found out was for servsociety from her own metropolis. hadn't ridden much would tumble ice over rough mountain roads, and

Women who had never held a rod off their horses on their return, so then for more service over more came from long distances, thinking stiff and shaky they thought they'd rough roads, for who should step that all they had to do was to cast never walk again. out of the car but the sheriff of

and pull out. Some of them didn't Though many of her duties were Summit County? Tom saw his star

know the difference between a nightdistasteful to her, Dadai worked as he flipped his coat with a sigcrawler and a Black Coachman, or with power plus, energy she had not nificant jerk.

even suspected she possessed. She "Hello, pardner. I'm looking for

this found herself comparing sumMr. Thomas Reynolds. Ye ain't

r i mer's experience withair with others him, ye?"

I am. What can I do for Nephi outshe toldsurpassingTom, "workingregret. "Infor fact,"other you?""Yes,

people's pleasure is anything but "Relieve me of this yar notice give give to to you."I've ben

over SuperAcoustic tedious;I'm not anythinglikely to butdie that,of ennuimy dear.this what"Thanks. you come Won't

summer. But—whether lack of to the cabin and sit down, or we

Plaster boredomstill a question:makes upjustfor lookcallousesat myis mightcan talkgo byoverourselves."to my car where we

in hands!"took them ee, I gotta thank be on his own "No, Tom my

said, callous."all for Used throughout the University and paper'll every explain ye way. "A kiss The

Library Building and Dadai sighed. gotta know. Good day, pardner.

last tinkling the heard off."went. As I'm he Tom And away

bells Many of the Church's finest of horses'the as they on clear as went explanation as was The structures in Utah and their way to Henry's Fork, he heard crystal, being no less than a sumCalifornia a frightful sputter behind him. mons to appear in the county court

Turning around, he saw a battered in twenty days'time. Adams had

A beautiful, durable, soundcar boiling down the road towards led a proceeding in equity to have absorbing wall finish camp. It looked its part all right, the deed which gave the property,

"Timber Toes,"to Eileen, canceled

Manufactured by a Utah Corand set aside on the ground that poration of 45years standing FOOTPRINTS ON THE ASPENFIR it had been executed and delivered

TRAIL with the intent to defraud.

By ]. S. Stanford "Well,"said Tom to Dadai, as

she came over for an explanation, 7V way from the car and tireground "it really doesn't surprise me. True

** road caliber, his to below has hit Adams & NEPHI PLASTER the signs from that shout "WarnAway over belt. I actually turned the my ing! CO. MANUFACTURING securities his behalf. in best had He the hike Let aspens through us a brook by

401 Dooly Block, and firs me on the hip from that last deal

Salt Lake City, Utah On this early September morning. I made in Texas oil. It looked like

There are tracks in the duct of this aspen- a cinch but when the government fir trail shut down on production, the prosWhich tell of the wild folk that travel; pect didn't mature. I was involved

The large and the small have trod here with Adams because he had backed

A sincepuzzledusk,for one to unravel. mehe knowsin that Ilastdidn'tbankcacheexpansion.a thing Butfor Castte

Gate Hereandare tracksher lamb!deep and sharp of an ewe myself.thing of yourIf youown,hadn'twherehadwouldsomewe

v, fawn; no! 'tis her a doe and No, while we're getting started out be

to out browse been on the have coal / They here?"

tender green twigs MOST POPULAR COALS And have leisurely gone by at dawn. "In the soup, Tommy, instead of

top of the on world!"Mined in the

in prints like puff those odd West See a foot

I to give intend don't "Well, up soft wool."CASTLE GATE.. position. exalted Hallam my them, see the light beside teachings And

Can you picture a porcupine wandering by "Your lawyer?"

only his gueer whims to guide With... told "Yeah me my record DUSPRUT him? For Your Stoker the character from produce I can and

in fat out here of the here! the porcupine East and a track on Look my friends Co. Fuel Utah

footprints of dainty the Rest in vindication case a mouse, should be enough City, Utah Salt Lake there, father on, the tridentshaped And threat his carried out and Adams tracks Tell a tale of a startled old grouse. took this to court. Gosh, honey, I

'ClearN The creatures of nighttime have trod this even'32. paidBut myI can'tincomesavetaxa inranch'31 andon

trail kind the strength of that. one hope My Creek, turn, their creatures of the day in told Hallam Low. on Ming for seeking or rests food V upward, some Coal / PassAnd

for rest, me to bring the Chinaman in from

And others, its secrets to learn. the Reservation if I had to. He's

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1936 the only witness on the face of the Tom felt his word as a witness Neither was there a Chinaman in earth that I know of, and I'm going was as reliable as any in the countrysight, but a white man in his place.

after him."he could get an in- "Where's Ming Low, the trader?"side—provided terpreter, and that the Court would "Might be dead for all I know. "Darling!"she protested, "what

about the camp?"Dadai was pantake Ming Low's word that he had Last I saw of him, was his dust as he

icky. understood Tom on that memorable rumbled down the road in his old

"It's up to you. I'm going out for day of the summer before his defeat Ford toward Current Creek."

big game; you take care of the fry in the panic. (To be Continued)

until II I H—W—)!- II—II—tl—!—II- "HowI getlongback!"will it take you?"finallyIt tookTomamanagedbit of dickering,to rent a smallbut r

"It's uncertain. I may be back car from the manager of the filling |

in a couple of days, but don't count station at Hanna, and he was off just Fort, the place an orderlyon me, and don't worry."to! deMetmortuary of 40, south between Highway

IJEFORE dawn the next Roosevelt and Vernal, Utah. I Service Above A!)

morning, Tom was on Onesta folIt was midafternoon when the lowing the trail that led past Rainwhite buildings and the green lawns i bow Lake to the Granddaddy basin, of Uncle Sam's wellkept Fort came and down the canyon to the settleinto view. As Tom drove up to

ment of Hanna. Ming Low's store and entered the

As he galloped up to the Ranger door, his vision was obliterated by

Station at Rainbow, Brent hailed the sudden gloom of the interior him with a hearty after the glaring light of outdoor. "How—partner!"Strangely enough, there was no "How—Ranger!"

"How's that daring daughter of "Okye!"(welcome) from within.

yours?"ventured Brent, a bit of a milium iimiiiiiimiiimiimiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiiiiiiii miiiiiiiumii iiiiiiinmmii imiiiiiiniii iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiuiiiiimiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiij

blush creeping into his cheeks.

"Standing on two feet, thanks.

scoutever, but asAdventuresome I Refining Co. Smelting American & toing enough by know now Seventh she |1 Building Floor McCornick \

shouldn't go climbing alone."SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH |

"The laws of the woods and the

OF PURCHASERS mountains will be obeyed. But I | Gold, Silver, Lead and Smelter Products | and Copper Ore

smiled, Brentsay, Reynolds,"Mr.

to | Consign all ore shipments to: f taken tell her I've might"you American Refining Smelting | and Company | diet."article of asspinach my chief Ship to Lead Ores Plant, Murray, Murray Utah 1 with it to "You'll keep up need

Siliceous Garfield, Plant, Ship Copper and to Garfield Ores Utahher, 'Pop Eye',"Brent heard above

Tom's guffaw and the rapid thud of | Address correspondence as follows:

Onesta's hoofs. AMERICAN SMELTING & REFINING CO.

At Hanna, Tom stabled Onesta, | 700 McCornick Building \ leaving his horse in charge of an old fillllllllllinUMMIIHIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIlllllllltllllllllllllllllilllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllMllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll HIIIIIMIIIIIMlE settler that understood horseflesh and who was thoroughly trustworthy. He intended to travel by

automobile from Hanna to FortDuchesne, government headquarters TEMPLE of thefor the Indians ReserUinta B RANDvation. that It was here Low Ming Of Superior GARMENTSquality and workmanship manufactured for the

ran his trading post, which was neither a shanty, nor a picturesque SALT LAKE KNITTING STORE hogan after the style of the Indian, And sold at prices defying competition. When ordering from us

but a neat frame building, painted remember we Pay Postage Anywhere in the United States.

white, and surrounded with green No. FOR LADIES No. FOR MEN

Flat $1.25.98 662 Spring Rayon Men's Weave NonRun Needle $grass. 703

1.10 610 Ribbed Light Ribbed 719 Weight Spring Needle Light Wt.

The Indians had a respect for 792 Fine Quality Cotton Lisle 1.25 602 Extra Fine Quality Lisle 1.101.25

Ming Low that they felt for'very 750734 NonRunFine NonRunRayonRayon 1.251.00 614620 Med.Men'sWt.LightEx.Wt.QualityDouble Back 1.251.25

few white men. There was a kin762 NonRun Rayon Super Quality.... 1.25 6111 50% Wool Heavy Weight 2.95

dred feeling that had sprung from 735714 LightMediumWeightWeightCottonCottonRibbed 1.2588 664660 Med.Silk andHvy.WoolWt. MediumCot. DoubleWeight....Back.. 1.501.95

trustmutual and respect. Ming

15c Request. 10c Garments Marked Upon for Cotton—Silk store dry goods, includedLow's Over 46. Notice. Prices Subject Extra Charge for Sizes Without to Change 20%

hardware, meats, and groceries. But Do not fail to specify New or Old Style and if for Man or Woman. Also state if long

order and a sense of good business or short sleeve, short or long legs are wanted. Give accurate Bust Measurements,

prevailed. The Indians would Height and Weight. Samples Sent Upon Request.

rather trade with him than any oneon the Reservation. He understood SALT LAKE KNITTING STORE

their language and spoke it even 42 So. Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah—OLDEST KNITTING STORE IN UTAH

though he hadn't mastered English.

LET'S SAY IT CORRECTLY A TREE LOVELY AS A POEM

A uxiliary—the au has the sound of o as is the word orb; ""\17hat an exquisite thing is 'Three Willows',"by Harold

** the x splits its sound into a g and a z; the first i is * Homer Lyche in the September issue! How I wish

short as in ill; the second i takes to itself the pronunciation he could see a certain acacia tree in blossom beside the

of a y as in you; the third i is short again as in the word ill. highway near my mother's home in San Diego,"writes Fava

Now put the word together slowly and correctly: ogzil-yari, K. Parker, of Ogden, Utah. "It is a poem that makes my

accenting the second syllable. Be careful that you do not add heart sing every time I see it, and I know he would love it, too.

i take that after the not you do second an and flattering of 'Little treatment House."your one "Thank you for that it better. that's yes, use again; away. Now extra Nowletter say issue. in the September featured "Little House"was We the Church. organizations for of auxiliary the pronunciation

liked it much. Era—let's say it with a long e as in the word eat. The

name of this magazine is pronounced therefore with a long e sound. with the as if it were a u w and FAMILY the ANOTHER BASKETBALL quarter. the the same Quorum—pronouncevalue as if it were o long word Make Alberta, Leavitt,

in the as word old. Our priesthood has kworums; shall Nov. 9th, 1935.

call that? them we Dear Editor:

f 1 attracted pleased 625, I and was Era, page October the i IN sons, IS his and seven fine S. Allen the THIS BISHOP picture of and INTERESTED John by

Office of Dimond Ward Bishopric, the challenge to any Church family to a game of Basketball.

Oakland Stake, Nov. 1st, 1935. Although we are living in the north end of the Church and

Dear Editor: he practically in the south, I am pleased to accept his chal-

T)lease accept my congratulations on the remarkable imlenge. I have seven sons who are inclined to be athletic,

* provement of the Era due to additions of new departments, especially in baseball and basketball, ranging in age from 13 to finer text material, and a more readable and artistic type 33, and in weight from 95 to 175 lbs. Would have enclosed

arrangement. our picture but at present two are teaching school 85 miles

Our ward takes pride in the knowledge that we have exfrom home, and two are attending normal school at Calgary, ceeded our subscription quota and are still getting new sub160 miles from home. Won't be able to get them together until

scribers. Xmas time. If satisfactory arrangements can be made for a

Sincerely, meeting we would like to play this family in a friendly game (Bishop) Serge J. Lauper, of basketball. As I write the thought comes to me: why

1916 Montana, just the Allen family? So I extend the invitation as did Brother

Oakland, Calif. Allen, to any family in the Church, for a friendly game.

Yours for clean sport.

G. E. Cahoon,

Leavitt, Alberta, Canada.

THANKS, RAFAELA 123 West Second Street, Mesa, Arizona, November 21, 1935.

Dear Editors:

came to know The Improvement Era through one of your

I missionaries working in the Mexican Mission. As reading

is one of my hobbies, I want to add this wonderful magazine to a great collection of reading material that I have already accumulated in form of scrapbooks. I have found that The

Improvement Era is not only educational, but it is also most inspiring. It certainly adds greatly to the enjoyment of life.

I am enclosing two< dollars ($2.00) for one year's subscription. I shall be waiting eagerly to receive my own first copy.

Sincerely yours, Emil L. Lauper and Sons Rafaela Villanueva.

P. S. As a runner up for honors given E. S. Christensen i 1 -f

family of boys, pictured 701 and his fine page on of the PLEASE DON'T issue, I respectfully the submit camera attached November study. HENl am dead and silent lie CHARMi i i W Don't say,I wasn't;"Here rests a perfect guy."

1935. Utah, 20, Ogden, Nov. content "Here's say, one Don't was who

Editor: Dear life bent."his Whichever was way enjoy f very much, and always Improvement Era The am I wasn't.

* I I getting can. in active subscribers wherever always new

say, temper sweet, Don't had a "He field. in to think the mission it does But a great me work

gaily did meet."Misfortune he

it of article interesting in in reading the appearing most my

I didn't; I it is think of Jensen. Katie C. Charm,"Challenge "The by

if it were possible to get that in a pamphlet form and read it Don't say, "He passed temptation by periodically, it would be a great benefit to people of all ages. And looked things squarely in the eye"

If it is possible to get such a pamphlet please let me know. I didn't—

I'd like to get a dozen or so to give away. And never, never told a lie

Yours very truly, I did.

O. J. Fox.—Helen B. Richardson.

For M - * A - executivesTi 17T r>c j p FTTFII7CHCiJLr O HI1C1 IJLJIJJIjiOaiid Department Leaders

A good workman supplies himself with proper tools.—These are the tools officers

of the Mutual Improvement Association need in their work

EXECUTIVES Price Each No. Wanted

M. I. A. EXECUTIVE GUIDE..... $.10

This is a new publication which replaces the supplement. It is a guide to organization, program,

procedure and other executive problems and is indispensable to efficient leadership.

M. I. A. SONG BOOK (doz. $2.50).25

This collection of songs with the supplementary information, has been selected for permanent use in the M. I. A. and therefore becomes the standard M. I. A. Song Book.

SECRETARIES Y. M. AND Y. W. M. I. A. ROLL AND RECORD BOOKS 1.75

is cloth. the standard Improvement record This For for all Mutual book bound in

space for revision Roll adequate providing of old Associations. the Book, and Minute two years—durablyIt is a complete

minutes of weekly meetings, special meetings, gatherings, etc., and also a complete roll and record.

It contains all the information called for in the annual report and in addition, provision for a comprehensive, historical record and a complete monthly financial statement. Its use is absolutely necessary if your organization is to keep pace with the M. I. A. program. Each association should start

the new season with this new roll book. It should then be carefully preserved for the two years and

filed away as a permanent record.

...02INDIVIDUAL CLASS CARDS ROLL

attendance of class members at regular convenience in marking for been prepared These cards have weekly meetings. Their use in connection with the regular Roll and Record book insures accuracy

and saves time and labor for the Ward Secretary. Printed on heavy, tough cardboard.

COMMUNITY ACTIVITY COMMITTEE.15 193536 for MANUAL ACTIVITY COMMITTEECOMMUNITY

It season. the coming for Activity Committees for the Community the program contains This manual

It wards. stakes activities in and of conduct community organization of and plan the Outlines new

of which copies years, in other published Activity Manual the with Community confused not be should are still available. (See below.)

1.50 A. PLAYSM. I. OF BOOK

the first time, a threeact play in addition to the three oneact plays. for contains This book

.25 Edition) (1933 ACTIVITY MANUALCOMMUNITY from 50c. Reduced and activity. field of recreation Covers the entire

.75 - SKETCHESREVIEW

and Other Entertainments. for Road Shows, Merry Go Rounds Designed

OPERETTA, "AND IT RAINED"1.00

OPERETTA INSTRUCTIONS.35

ADULT DEPARTMENT LEADERS -------.40 MANUAL DEPARTMENTADULT is Reading. This Hobbies including and Widtsoe, D. by Leah Hour,"of the the Man Young, "Brigham told at leader a time in a new way pioneer great the of life story It the hour."of the "the book at in other time than any widespread is more probably isaccomplishments life and in his interest when

the past. SENIOR DEPARTMENT LEADERS

-----------.40 MANUAL DEPARTMENTSENIOR Hobbies. Better Things,"by Joseph S.....--.Geddes, including Reading and HighRoad to "The Community

It should be of unusual interest to

Senior Class members.

MEN M GLEANERS Wanted Price Price Wanted No. 40 BOOK HAND AND No. MANUALM MEN—Evans. Henry John by Smith,"Joseph of Leadership "The.40 subjects GLEANER MANUAL Story. Few of the the Use and Address Public Also of Hospitality Leadership and Use of men young the of Joseph Smith—Art time by this at study for appropriate are Story. the American great this life of the as Church of the and sowomen has author the treatment, and approach a new prophet. With JUNIORS these to large numbers attract should that manual provided a

cIeissgs JUNIOR MANUAL BOOK RECORD AND ROLLM MEN department Men of the requirements the with M75 comply Dancing. Landings To Happy Youth—Let Us Act—Social.40 the with provided be each association it that is

is for provided information Book. Roll The special.35 PROMISED LAND THE qualifications Men for Master records necessaryMin Men compiling required M

M MENand otherPIN activities in this department.75 and 1.00 BEE HIVE GIRLS

EXPLORERS AND SCOUTS HAND BOOK FOR BEE HIVE GIRLS....25

..60.25 5 BEEKEEPER'S No. BOOK HAND TRAIL, EXPLORER OF THELOG—with join Explorers and I. become now Vanguards A. M..15 BEE. LIFE OF THE OF REVIEW THE a in America throughout Scouts older of other thousands

Vanguard the part upon in large founded National program INTEREST GENERAL OF BOOKS suggests features and the outlines 5 new plan. No. Log

Logs program. larger into the transition for the methods 15 AID FIRST MANUAL great of will still be available 4 1, 2, are 3, and Numbers

price—of Leaders. Set Explorer to assistance 10 four—specialand BULLETIN CAMP SUMMER

50c.

. 1.00 Ruth by May Fox BLOSSOMS,"and S. "MAY L. D. CHURCH, IN THESCOUTING

$3.75).....35 (doz.—the Scoutmaster's Minute

Contains suggestions for spiritualizing the Scout and ExSend orders for Y. W. M. I. A. and Joint Publications to:

plorer programs.

for orders Y. Send M. M. I. A. and Joint Publications to: To40theNo.Y.MainW. M.Street,I. A.Salt Lake City, Utah.

I. the Y. A. M. M.To

Utah. Street, Salt Lake City, 50 No. Main

for $ enclosed findPlease the items marked V Please find enclosed $ for the items marked V

Name Name Address - Address:

im-f im *m <+> m* w *m w mS?'t ** *= "** '*w <ww

PROGRAM THIS YEAR FORSEE OURTHE BESTNEARESTTHEREREPRESENTATIVEIS IN LIFE INSURANCE

MEXICO ARIZONA—NEW

515 Title & Trust Bldg.,RIGHT NOW FOR A \ p *%o*OlUlO** CALIFORNIA Phoenix, Arizona

310 Park Central Bldg., Los Angeles SAFE and 405 California Bldg., Oakland

4335 Sacramento Ave., Chico

IDAHO DEFINITE FUTURE 210 Jennie Rogers Bldg., Idaho Falls

WITH THE 420 Idaho Bldg., Boise

OREGON 622 Failing Bldg., Portland

NEVADA Box 971, Ely UTAH WASHINGTON Vermont Bldg., Crary Bldg., Seattle 600 414

Salt Lake City WYOMING 919 First Security Bldg.,

Home Office, Salt Lake City, Utah Heber J. Grant, President Lyman Ogden, Utah