The Improvement Era September 1963

AT BEAUTIFUL BYU There is a career for you

Get your education the Y's way—receive top academic training together

with spiritual development in an ideal social climate at your Church university. On this beautiful, modern, wellequipped campus, BYU is

inspiring its unusually motivated students to great careers in an age of rapid change. Trained by an outstanding faculty in a philosophy of balanced education, BYU graduates are in demand over the nation because

of their superior education, not only in their academic fields but also in

preparation for life.

Plan Now to Attend Orientation.... Sept. 1720

Registration.... Sept. 21, 23, 24

Exterior, left, and interior, below, of

J. Reuben Clark, Jr. Library at BYU

Brigham Young

UNIVERSITY PROVO - UTAH TWICE AS CRISP!

TWICE AS FRESH!

Exploring the Universe

By Dr. Franklin S. Harris Jr.

RAYS BRING ENERGY: PACKS,

Cosmic rays bring about as much energy to the earth as comes from all the starlight, excluding our own sun. THIN 4 CRISP ENGLISH KNIGHTS

By the end of the eleventh century in England there were about five SUPREME * thousand water mills, as many as A I TINES there were knights in the army of % ONE POUm the king.

NEW SCALE ADOPTED A new unified scale for atomic masses and weights has been adopted. Pre-... because there are twice as many indiviously the chemists scale of atomic vidually wrapped packs in every package of weight was based on of the weight

all isotopes of oxygen taken as 16, Supreme Saltine Crackers! You open fewer

the physicistsand was based the on crackers at a time... keep the rest sealed isotope oxygen 16 being 16. taken as

The new scale will assume the mass up fresh and crisp. Get a package next time

of the carbon 12 isotope as exactly you shop!

Enjoy Supreme cookies, too...

they're "Kitchen rich"good...

baked as you would!

PHOTOPERIODISM

The response of plants to the relative length of day and night has been called photoperiodism. Flowering as

controlled by day length results from a minimum number of favorable photoperiods. Two of the groups of

plants so affected are "longnight"and "shortnight"plants in which they respond to the length of the dark period. E. Njoku found that a difference in length of photoperiod of

only 15 minutes with some tropical longnight plants determines whether flowering takes place or vegetative growth continues. SEPTEMBER 1963 SUPREME72!

The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Official organ of the Priesthood

Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, Ward Teachers, Music

Committee, Department of Education, and. other agencies of The

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Contents for September 1963 Volume 66, Number 9

Church Features

The Editor's Page: "Individual Testimony,"President David O. McKay 732 ART AND PHOTO CREDITS

732 Photos: Lorry Rytting, Church InYour Question: "What Is the Meaning of Ecclesiastes Chapter Nine, Verses formation Service

733 Photo: Ralph Clark

Four, Five, and Ten?"President Joseph Fielding Smith 734 736 Photos: left, Don Grayston; center

top, Ralph Clark, Church News;

center bottom, Deseret News.

The Church Moves On, 726; Melchizedek Priesthood, 788; Presiding Bishopric's Page, 790 737 Photos: top and center, Leland Van

Wagoner; bottom, Paramount Pictures.

738 Photos: top, United Press; center

left, unknown; center right, I. A.

Special Features Allen, Tahiti; across bottom, unknown.

David O. McKay: Highlights of His Life and Works 736 739 Photos:left, Erictop,Warrilow;Joern Gerdts;bottom bottomcenter,

Hal Rumel; bottom right, Deseret

Tributes to David O. McKay 746 740 Photos:News. left center, Church Information Service; left bottom, Deseret

top, large Deseret News;

bottom,Dates and Events in the Life of President David O. McKay 750 photoNews; center Deseret News.

Scouting and the Boy, Verda Welch 755 741 Photos:center, SaltrightLaketop,Tribune;Deseret bottom,News;

Ray. Jones, Deseret News.

left, Rytting, Lorry CIS.

top, SaltTo Help Them Practise What We Preach, F. Weldon Thacker 756 742743 Photos:Photos: Anderson, Borge

Genealogy: Pertinent Questions Answered 758 tom,Lake RalphTribune;Reynolds;center toprightandcenter,botLorry Rytting, CIS; bottom, unThe Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans 764, 774, 796 744 known.Photos: top left, Deseret News; top

right, Salt Lake Tribune; bottom,

Howard Moore, Deseret News.

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 721; Letters and Reports, 724; These Times: 745 right,Photos:Borgetop left,Anderson,Deseret SaltNews;Laketop

Reading Reforms, G. Homer Durham, 728. Tribune; bottom left, Ralph Clark,

Church News; bottom right, Don

Grayston, Deseret News.

746 Art: Ev Thorpe, USU, Logan, Utah.

Today's Family: Florence B. Pinnock, Editor 7557523Art:Art:DaleVirginiaKilbournSargent

Our First Family 792 7567589Photo:Art: Lorrin"100,000WigginsYears of Daily

Life,"The Golden Press.

Food and Affection, Lottie Lund McKay 794 790 Art:Photo:TedBiddulphStum,Nagata Provo, Utah.

792-4 Art: Dale Kilbourn

The Era of Youth 801 81415 Art: Dale Kilbourn

All other art and photos, Ralph Reynolds

The Last Word 816 Studio.

Stories, Poetry Be It Ever So Elegant, Shirley Thulin 752

Poetry 774, 776, 779, 782, 797, 800 COVER NOTE:

In this issue the Era honors President David O. McKay, ninety

years beloved, ninety years a student, the President of The Church of Jesus

Christ of Latterday Saints, and prophet, seer, and revelator to his people.

The Improvement Era Offices, 135 South State Street, Salt Lake City 11, Utah The picture, taken in the President's office in the Administration Church

Associate Editor; Editor; G. Managing Josephson, Green, Albert Evans, Richard Marba Managing Doyle and O.David McKay Building at the request of his family,

Editorial Pinnock, Larsen, Blake, Associates; H, Today's Editors;Stephan, ReedL. Arlene Florence FamilyL.Editor;Zobell,MarJr., Editor; E. Grant,L. Judith CarterResearch T. Smith. is by Merrit Direction: Editor; Associate Art Editor; Studio. Youth Era Ralph ReynoldsB. Elaine The Youth Era Cannon,ion of Hanks, The D. of

G, Homer Durham, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., Hugh Nibley, Sidney B. Sperry: Alma A. Gardiner, Nathan E. Tanner, Contributing Editors.

G. Carlos Smith, Jr., General Manager; Florence S. Jacobsen, Associate General Manager; Verl F. Scott, Business Manager; A. Glen Snarb, Subscription

Director; Thayer Evans, Advertising Director.

Inc.. Associations Church Funds, published of The by the Mutual Improvement andCopyright 1963 by Mutual

in $8.25; year, subscriptions, eachofsucceedingJesus Christyear,of Latterday2.50 a yearSaints.addedAll torightsthe price, $5.75; 3 years, advance; multiplereserved. $3.00 a Subscription 2 years,

three year price.

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake Citv, Utah as secondclass matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103. Act

of October 1917, authorized July 2, 1918.

The Improvement Era is not responsible for unsolicited manuscripts but welcomes contributions. Manuscripts are paid for on acceptance at the rate of 2c

a word and must be accompanied by sufficient postage for delivery and return.

notice days'Thirty changes cannot be madeis requiredunless thefor oldchangeaddressof address.as well as Whenthe neworderingone is included.a change, please include address slip from a recent issue of the magazine. Address Coverby DeseretLithographedNews Pressin full color

732 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FROM THESE VOLUMES, THE PRESIDENT OF THE CHURCH SPEAKS TO THE PEOPLE!

1 TREASURES OF LIFE by David 0. McKay

All the characteristics that make President McKay the great man that he is come to life for the reader of this volume. As a family man,

educator, counselor, and President of the Church, President McKay's philosophy is profound as well as uplifting. Here is inspiration,

stimulation, and fulfillment for every reader.

$4.95

2 CHERISHED EXPERIENCESivwn the Writing of David 0. McKay 4 GOSPEL IDEALS Discourses of President David 0. McKay

compiled by Clare Middlemiss The wisdom of years is compiled in this volume of discourses by

A volume full of inspirational experiences that the reader can easily the Prophet of God. A wide gamut of subjects is touched on by

share. Here, the life of the beloved Latterday Saint Prophet David President McKay in this popular work. Here is a book that no

0. McKay is glimpsed at through countless uplifting episodes. Latterday Saint home should be without. $4..oo

$3o 5 SECRETS OF A HAPPY LIFE 3 HOME MEMORIES OF PRESIDENT DAVID 0. McKAY Writing and Discourses of David O. McKay

compiled and written by Llewelyn McKay Edited by Llewelyn McKay

President McKay's home life is a sermon on family love, spirituHere is a collection of writings and discourses by the son of Presiality, and solidarity. This compilation of home memories will thrill dent McKay that is soul inspiring. Topics covered include "Home

every reader and inspire him to a strengthening of home ties and and Family Life,""Youth and Preparation for Adult Life,""Edufamily togetherness. J? 1 cation,""The Individual and Society,"and "Religious Ideals."

$3-50

Deseret Book Company, 44 East South Temple

Salt Lake City 2, Utah

find Please order/check in the, I have money amount of $tteseret Gentlemen: COMPANY Book account, please charge enclosed. Amount $ MALL an 44 EAST SO. TEMPLE AND AT COTTONWOOD

SALT LAKE CITY for encircled books. 3 4 5 2472 WASHINGTON BLVD., OGDEN 12

777 SO. MAIN ST., ORANGE, CALIFORNIA Name

Address.

City....... Zone State.

Residents of Utah add 3Vfe% sales tax.

Teamwork"buys this new Wurlitzer organ for your church Letters and Reports

LAUDS YOUTH SECTION The message of the gospel does not change. Tlie articles published in 1952

I want to thank Brother Hanks and Sister are not outdated. In this fastchanging

Camion for the wonderful job they are world, it is a comfort to me to be redoing with the Era of Youth. I never minded that Christ is the same yesterday,

the the enjoyed forever. section today, magazine until on and

Concert model 4800 as as introduced. youth was indebted soon to you for the enjoy- I am Now

the Era arrives I turn straight to the youth ment I have received from these old Eras get the unique, practical section.through theAftermagazineI finishandthat,read Iwhateverthumb month.as well as the onesSincerely,I now receive each

strikes my interest. Each month I find Mrs. Shelton Jackson

myself reading more and more. On a Gerrardstown,

number of occasions I have found material West Virginia in the Era to use in school research papers. A CONTACT ORGAN Sincerely,

Susan McVey California I have been a member of the Church for Los Angeles, FUND two years. Last August I left London to

help my parents in their school. Since

then the only contact I have had with the RAISING Church, and all my wonderful friends, is by letter, as there is no LDS Church here, and I am the only member in my family PLAN as yet.

from Wurlitzer aryTheissuesNovember,all arrivedDecember,together anda monthJanuago, and today I received the February issue. I was the moved much wonby proven, "painless"procedureA to derful first issues in lot, the and myraise Every funds. shares member

I still as mother enjoyed well. them read

... contributionsownership pay for them the now, story and wonderful

specific parts of the organ. The plan is Christ, and all the lessons to be taught,of

flexible, and can be easily adapted to were a real inspiration to me.

your particular organ choice and conYours very sincerely, gregation. Your Wurlitzer organ dealer Judith M. Holland

can give you all the details. Thomson's Falls, Kenya,

CALIFORNIA EAGLES East Africa Kit includes Eight Eagle Scout awards were recently NEW GROUND BREAKING given in Troop 508, La Canada Ward,

Progress (California) Stake. charts Glendale The reWriting from Washington, Tacoma, Tom

all cipients individual were winners. award reports Allen the Fifth Eighth wards and Pledge cards are, first (1-r) Pictured row, Bob Gayle, of recently Puget ground Stake held Sound

Pledge envelopes secondCraig Hilton,row, BobGlendaleLyans, Stakeand JoePresidentTrent; breakingThe wardsceremoniesare currentlyfor meetinga new chapel.over a

is surrounded are Payments chart RobertOwens, C.EvanSeamons,Theobald,Scott Seamons,David Walton,Chuck Polynesianby Tiki gods,restaurantwhich atwhichnight

and La Canada Ward Bishop Raymond and which have torches spouting lighted,flames

See your Wurlitzer organ deafer H. Walton. at the entrance.

or send coupon ERAS INVITE READING EARLY COINS WANTED

Dept. IE963 In cleaning house recently, my grandEarly coins minted by Church wanted for

WURLITZER, De Kalb, Illinois. mother came across some old Eras. She new Bureau of Information on Temple

Please send me information on was prepared to throw them away when Square. Specifically interested in gold

Wurlitzer church organ fund raising plan. I rescued them. What a treat I had! coins minted by Church in years 1849,

pieces; $10, and $5, dated $20 and 1850, 1952 1956. $2.50, and some Some were Name

story $5; and the life other of $5. Also There 1860, President gold was deAddress. McKay in pictures in one and a report on nominations of this period.

choir the tour in another. Please contact Business Office

City -Zone State.

I also rediscovered a wonderful truth. THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

WURLITZER WORLD'SOF PIANOSLARGESTAND ORGANSBUILDER 724 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The West's fastestgrowing new insurance company $10,000,000 IN JUST TWO MONTHS!

'smashing life insurance sales records for early growth..."

Yes, during our first 2 months and 3 days, American Western, the West's dynamic new insurance company, received applications for new life insurance totaling $10,031,000! Insurance experts say

that this is a record equalled by few, if any, U. S. insurance firms.

There have to be good reasons for amazing dollars stay in the West... help build our

growth like this... and there are! western economy.

Especially attractive premium rates... Before you A vibrant, new company, American Western

buy life insurance you'll want to check into the offers safetv and seeuri *y advantages and low rates offered by American LeRoy A. Lincoln, then president of the world's

Western Life. For example, American Westlargest insurance firm, Metropolitan Life Inern's popular Special Whole Life Policy is surance Company, had this to say about smallavailable for only... er insurance companies.

$10.64 per month for $10,000 age 25 "You're as safe, as well protected and the cost is

$1523 per month for $10,000 age 35 J ust as chmP lfy ou buJ> from a smail insurance $23.53 per month for $10,000 age 45 company as from the largest. It is the best regulated, closest supervised business in America."

Wide variety of life insurance plans to meet 'most American Western is an old line legal reserve all needs: family security, education, mortgage, company with reserve funds far in excess of

business, retirement, and many others. thOSe required by law... with all the protecWestern owned and operated... your insurance tion this assures.

TOP MANAGEMENT TEAM... American Western is one in- H. Nelson, president and director; W.?mGerald Andrus, secresurance company in which all of the directors and officers tarytreasurer and director; Willis L. Wright, vice president

are experienced life insurance career men. Their combined and director of agencies. Lynn C. Broadbent, executive vicebackgrounds cover virtually every phase of insurance compresident and director; Ralph E. Ellingson, chairman of the

pany operation. All Utahns, they are, left to right: Darrell board of directors and general manager.

For more information about American Western's noobligation financial planning service and lowrate premium offer write:

American Western

Life Insurance Company 247 South Fifth East Dept. E Salt Lake City, Utah

start enjoying "maximum coverage at minimum costs"

SEPTEMBER 1963 725 The Church Moves On Choose any one of these outstanding recordings for only $1.00 and become a

member of the L.D.S. JUNE 1963

RECORD CLUB. This was a day of departmental sessions for the MIA June

AS A MEMBER you may select (or reject) conference. Sessions were held in various buildings throughthe various selec- "collectors"religious

tions that will the out Salt Lake City. be offered during

coming year. There is no obligation to The dance festival, with its thousands of participants was

buy ANY of the selections (as there is presented in the stadium before a capacity audience.

in record other clubs), the selections given. festival additional of the speech performances were Two

will offered available be through yetONLY fiftieth anniverthe Jubilee, commemorating Bee The Golden this club. Your $1.00 you a makes

member of the club and entitles you to sary of the Beehive program, was presented in the Tabernacle.

choose either:

With a morning session in the Tabernacle, under the direcVIolUINo, containing three excerpts 12tion of the First Presidency, the annual MIA June conference from the Doctrine and Covenants.

inch, 33V3 RPM. Sells regularly for closed.

$3.98.

President David O. McKay announced the appointment of SONGS OF PIONEERS MORMON Elder Jesse M. Smith, president of the Snowflake (Arizona)

Authentic songs from historic trek westward, sung by Rosalie Sorrels. Plus 20Stake, as president of the Arizona Temple at Mesa. President

page "Songs"booklet. Package norSmith succeeds President J. Robert Price. His wife, Mrs. Marvel

mally sells for $4.98. B. Smith, succeeds Mrs. Mabel A. Price as temple matron.

VOICE FROM THE DUST conThe First Presidency announced the following changes in taining four contrasting passages from the mission presidents:

complete recording,. ** Elder Dean A. Peterson, president of Brigham Young Univerof the Book of sity Third (Utah) Stake, as president of the Norwegian Mission,

Mormon. succeeding President Joseph A. Gundersen.

Elder Joseph T. Edmunds, Alhambra, California, who will

preside over a newly created FrenchBelgian Mission with headquarters at Brussels.

Elder R. Earl Sorenson, Lewiston, Utah, as president of the

Danish Mission, succeeding President Levi B. Thorup.

Elder Valdo D. Benson, Logan, Utah, as president of the

Central German Mission, succeeding President Stephen C. Richards.

Elder Edwin (Ned) C. Winder, Salt Lake City, as president

of the Florida Mission, succeeding President Karl R. Lyman.

Elder George W. Poulsen, Jr., Salt Lake City, as president

of the Hawaii Mission, succeeding President Harry V. Brooks.

Elder Arthur H. Strong, Salt Lake City, as president of the

Argentine Mission, succeeding President C. Laird Snelgrove.

Elder Wayne M. Beck, Bountiful, Utah, as president of the

YES, send me: Brazilian Mission, succeeding President William G. Bangerter.

"Visions""Songs"n "Voice"Elder R. Crawford Davis, Fullerton, California, as president

Record and LDS add my nametoyour

Club mailing list. My $1 is enclosed, of the AlaskaCanadian Mission, succeeding President Milton

L. Weilenmann. NAME

These newly appointed mission presidents will leave for their

ADDRESS fields of labor with their families following a special training

CITY seminar in August.

j Concord (California) Stake was organized from parts of the

I Walnut Creek Stake with Elder Ted E. Madsen sustained as

3600 Market St. president and Elders Raymond (Continued on page 787)

Salt Lake City, Utah

726 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA By By B. H. ROBERTS Henry A. Smith

Here is a highly More than a retellin urch literature that has been out of dents, "The Day They Martyred the print for 70 years. It is now available Prophet,"is a dramatic and moving acagain by popular demand. It is a limited count of the real significance of this epiedition, however. This printing is exactly sode. Nothing is withheld. The complete

like the original—but contains many story is here in one fascinating volume...

new photos and an additional hist the only publication that tells th section. story in one running narrative.

Order from your nearest Bookcraft Dealer or by mail from:

3. OUR BOOK OF

3 z2 MORMON 9-63 By Sidney B. Sperry Please send the following

... this circled books for which I BOOK OF! Available again

enclose check or money great treasury of wisdom MORMONlj order for $ understanding. One and

of the most significant books ever written i Name.

Book of Mormon Address.

City....

SEPTEMBER 1963 727 Reading Reforms

THESE TIMES

By Dr. G. Homer Durham

PER SET President, Arizona State University, Tempe

MADE OF ATTRACTIVE COLORED CARDBOARD

FOR

BULLETIN BOARDS, SIGNS & DISPLAYS SAVES TIME NEATER abed

ECONOMICAL ORDER BY MAIL ORDER or REQUISITION NOW!

PLEASE RUSH THE FOLLOWING:

1%"lower case in sets of 240 @ $1.25

2"CAPITALS in sets of 180 @ $1.50

3"CAPITALS in sets of 225 @ $2.25

3"Lower case in sets of 230 @ $2.00

3"NUMERALS in sets of 150 @ $1.50 A "Reading Reform Foundation"was established in the United States

4"sets in of 144 CAPITALS @ 4"in sets of 100 NUMERALS @ $2.25$1-50 recently. Its purpose is "to restore the alphabet to its proper place

614"CAPITALS in sets of 40 @ $2.25 as the basis of elementary reading instruction in English."National

in sets $2.00 of 40 NUMERALS - @ 6W OF headquarters are at 36 West 44th Street in New York City. Officers and THE NUMBER IN BOXES APPROPRIATE MARK

PLEASE ORDER DESIRED. SETS COMPLETE A SEPA- a 177member National Advisory Council have been appointed. SIZE NEEDED. COLOR AND EACH RATE SET FOR

that of American the position 35 takes percent foundation "The 6'/4

Nos. COLOR l%"L.C. Caps2"Caps3"L.C.3"Nos.3"Caps4"Nos.4"CapsW deficient, are in reading, percent seriously 40 children are retarded

RED WHITE and 25 percent do not read as well as they could if properly taught.

BLACK GREEN In contrast, they suggest that Soviet children eight or nine years of

BLUE age, taught alphabetically, have a vocabulary of 10,000 words, use YELLOW

GOLD dictionaries effectively, read newspapers and Russian literary masterSILVER

FOR CANADIAN ORDERS ADD 10% pieces. Average American children, they claim, recognize 1,500 words

"struggle through dictionary, to nine, at ages eight use a and cannot adhesive reusable with 1"CAPITALS Q letters, things repetitive readers,"numbers ridiculously reading of instead in sets of 200 simple and backs set. Heavy and signs, @ $1.50 Paper. of importance.

Black White Red StikKleen Twosided plastic reusable The American child, the foundation asserts, is backward in reading adhesive—no damage to walls, at because most elementary schools have used the "looksay,"wholeword

pack. $1.00 per

For FREE samples send selfaddressed memorization method. Children have not mastered the alphabet and

stamped envelope, phonetics as the simple key to progress and more rapid learning.

P Enclosed is a check or cash for The mythical Cadmus, grandson of the Greek god Poseidon, is sup- $- posed to have introduced the alphabet into Greece about 1550 BC.

Order No.,, ] Purchase

] Send invoice (for responsible instituAccording to tradition, after killing the dragon that guarded the founcharge will 25(j: handling tions only). A less tain of Ares, Cadmus sowed the dragon's teeth. Armed men immediately totaling invoices to be added

than $3.00. sprang up, from whose remnants he built the city of Thebes. From

C.O.D. ($1.00 deposit required) Phoenicia Cadmus brought the alphabet, taught his subjects literary

Name ways, encouraged music, and developed metallurgy.

Whatever the truth may be, the alphabet is still called by its Greek

Addressname and its first two letters, alpha and beta. The ancient Greek alphaCity State bet derived from the Phoenician of twentytwo letters which, some

School Address. claim, had its origin in Egypt. (The Book of Mormon refers to "reformed

SATISFACTION GUARANTEED Egyptian"as a means of recordkeeping immediately prior to the capOR YOUR MONEY BACK tivity; and the Hebrew alphabet of today is ordinarily traced to an

MUTUAL EDUCATION AIDSDept. 8 1 2

1946 Hillhurst Ave. Los Angeles 27, California

728 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The first page of the signature book used by Zions First National Bank when it opened October 1, 1873. (Formerly Zions Savings Bank & Trust Company)

Now, as 90 years ago, you can SIGN WITH CONFIDENCE

Since Brigham Young opened the first account 90 years ago, OFFICES: 102 South Main

70 East South Temple those who have banked at Zions First National Bank have 235 South Main signed with confidence, knowing that they are putting their 4835 Highland Drive 450 South 2nd Westmoney in ONE OF THE SAFEST, MOST RELIABLE BANKS

IN AMERICA. Kearns

For your "other bank account,"your retirement savings, ZIONSyour trust account, or for any other bank service, Zions First

National is the name you can bank on. FIRST

NATIONAL Since 1873, the name you can o, BANE

MEMBER FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORP.

SEPTEMBER 1963 729 FOUNDATION adoption after the captivity). 1550 BC. He also suggested that

These words are written in the contour reading or "looksay"did the OF NEW Latin alphabet of twentysix letters, most damage to children in lowfrom an Americanbuilt typewriter. income families. Dr. Flesch's reaOAKLAND The Latin alphabet derived from sons included the point that these

are taught to read "See, Dick! example at home; and that they may TEMPLE whothe Greek. American schoolchildren children have less assistance and

Dick, see Jane! Dick, Dick, see Jane! never learn the way language is

Jane, can you see Dick? Dick, here really understood, read, written, FORMED is Jane! Jane, Jane, see Dick!"do and used.

WITH sobase,withwhetherthe Latinicby "looksay,"alphabet aspho-a ReadingThe argumentsReform Foundationand views areof notthe netics, or whatever. The Russian completely accepted by all elemenchild uses the Cyrillic alphabet, tary teachers nor by some faculty

formulated by St. Cyril from Greek members in teachertraining instituUNI-FORM letters in the 9th century. Modern tions. Discussion and debate have

Russian uses a 35letter alphabet. It continued now for nearly a decade. PANELS claims phonetic advantages over the The critical observation of this

26 Latin symbols used in western writer, who has been drawn into the countries. This writer was taught fray as a university administrator in

by his mother to learn the Latin two states, is to the effect that alphabet at age four, and to read "looksay"as a sole method rarely, at that age by "sounding it out"and if ever, had its ardent proponents;

has had no trouble reading anything that phonetics is enjoying a comeever since. The Latin alphabet is back, not as the only way, but as a

not phonetically inefficient. Indeed, principal means and tool (without

the Latin alphabet has become, in ruling out other and more elusive effect, the standard for the literelements of human learning). Meanate world. while "rapid reading"salesmen and

Watson Washburn, president of their promotional appeals seem at the Reading Reform Foundation, times to urge the possibility of not and his associates take the view that only reading a line at a time, but

When the magnificent new Mormon Temple "the advantages of the alphabetical also perhaps an entire paragraph—

at Oakland, California is dedicated in early over the wordby-word system are with the eye functioning like a 1964, it will mark another milestone in the so numerous that it is hard to berapid camera, encompassing every history and achievements of Mormonism in lieve that the latter should have word within range as well as withNorthern California. We are grateful that the been imposed for nearly forty years in focus.

General Contractors on this epic project—upon most of the country's public In these times, in free countries,

Leon M. Wheatley, Inc., and Jacobsen Brothers schools."They view the invention everyone exercises his or her own

Construction Co., Palo Alto, California, chose of the alphabet as an outstanding right to an opinion, including readto the the foundations of form Temple with is It also ing reform. in an age of progress, leap landmark a human

Panels. prefabricated, These readyUNIFORM interest great to which "lookseems pictograph. of the ahead The

to concrete use panels form are used the by is called follow "eyeas a what an say"backis viewed method country's leading to virtually contractors form account."witness reading step towards contour ward

ofevery concrete construction. type May we that consider reading reform or pictographism. As you argue They

extend congratulations our to the Contractors opinion, the a your child the and formulate shapes learn can word to theand Oakland Temple District on this is still that offered testimony year, a that cannot exceed 400 and I am occasion.momentous

it schoolas out""sounding the leaves helpless method him my when a new word is met. The reteacher mother taught me at age

UNIVERSAL FORM CLAMP CO. sultant reading materials used for four. Recently, I read an article

1238 N. Kostner Ave., CHICAGO classroom purposes in recent years on the "Neuropathology of Certain

in Salt Lake City they find "hopelessly repetitive Forms of Mental Retardation"writand dreary."ten for Science by an officer of the

UNIVERSAL FORM CLAMP CO. Differences of opinion not only National Institute of Neurological

634 South 3rd West make for horse racing, warfare, and Diseases and Blindness. I came

other human circumstances, they across the word neonatorum for the in California also produce controversy in the first time in my life. The phrase

UNIVERSAL FORM CLAMP CO. classroom, the P-TA, within school was "asphyxia neonatorum with

1310 S. Figueroa boards, and among taxpayers. postpartum complications.""AsphyxLOS ANGELES In 1955, Dr. Rudolf Flesch pubia"was recognized, as was "postlished and "complications."But Johnny Cant Read partum"Why

or out "neonatorum"had to be sounded (Harper and Brothers). He argued

I read. If and when UNIVERSAL CLAMP FORM to "neonatorum,"CO. forintelligenta returnusetoofphoneticswhat Cadmusand theis inI givemy mindutteranceas 2051-9 Street Williams

SAN LEANDRO said to have brought to Greece in (Continued on page 800)

730 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA To introduce you to the LDS Books Club we invite you to

Richard L. EvansSelect DOOKS

a $6.00 to $6.50 value!

Join now—choose your first selection(s)

from the choice books listed below—

and we will send you free any 2 of the 3 Richard L. Evans books shown here

... all shipped postpaid. Each month

you will receive reviews of several books.

To get the top book you do nothingit will be sent to you postpaid with a statement. If you do not want the book,

return the postcard provided for an alternate (or none at all). With every

four books you accept, you receive a 5th book of your choice free—a savings of 20%.

1. PROPHECY, KEY TO THE FUTURE $3.00

by Duane Crowther $3.95 VALUE

REACH 2. THE UPWARD ELDER

Sill $3.50 Sterling W. By

EVANS'3. HOUSE OF THE LORD

By James E. Talmage $3.50 TWO BEST

4. L.D.S. REFERENCE ENCYCLOPEDIA SELLERS

By Melvin R. Brooks $5.00 - PLUS

STORY 5. THE MORMON HIS LATEST

$3.95 Rulon S. Howells By

WORK!

LDS Books Club, Inc.

P.O. Box 400

Salt Lake City 10, Utah Please send me as my first selection, the following circled books for which I enclose a check or money order for $ 3 4 5 My 2 free choices of the 3 Richard12L. Evans books are:

May Peace Be With You At This Same Hour From Within These Walls

Enroll me as a member and start sending me the monthly review so I can decide whether or not I want the choice book described. I hereby agree to purchase a minimum of 4 Books Club selections or alternates during the next 12 months at the regular advertised price. I may resign at any time after buying four additional books. For each 4 books I accept, I will receive a valuable bonus book free.

Name

Address

City..Zone. State.

CLUB, INC LDS BOOKS P. O. SALT LAKE CITY 10, UTAH BOX 400 1 188 SOUTH MAIN

SEPTEMBER 1963 731 Many people today wonder wherein lies the secret of the growth, stability, and vitality of The Church of Jesus Christ.

The secret lies in the testimony possessed by each individual who is faithful in the Church that the gospel consists of correct principles. It is that

same testimony that was given to Peter, the chief apostle in the Meridian of Time.

Do not be discouraged if a testimony does not come to you all at once. It

did not come suddenly to Peter. Let

me call your attention to one instance:

You remember that after feeding the five thousand, the Savior crossed over to Capernaum on that tempestuous sea.

Some of the five thousand walked around the northern shore and were in

Capernaum to meet the Master the next day. There he delivered a masterful message in which he said to the assembled

multitude, "... Ye seek me, not because

ye saw the miracles, but because ye did eat of the loaves, and were filled."(John

6:26.) They had seen him feed five

thousand people on five barley loaves and two small fishes, but they had missed something deeper, far more significant.

Then Jesus delivered that remarkable sermon on the bread of life, but its symbolism they could not understand and began to walk away. Those who

had followed him began to leave him and turn their backs upon him, and finally only the Twelve were left, unto whom he said, "... Will ye also go

away?"Peter, the impulsive leader,

practical and sound spokesman [I love him!], answered: "... Lord, to whom

shall we go? thou hast the words of

eternal life.

"And we believe and are sure that thou art that Christ, the Son of the living

God."(Ibid., 6:6769.)

I linger on the words believe and are sure because I think that is the way

Peter would have said it. It seemed that

at that time Peter's testimony was not strong and definite. I do not ask you

to accept that interpretation if you do receive salvation if they continue faithnot believe it, but of this we may be ful. (See D&C 46:1314.) To all these,

sure, on that occasion he did not get however, there comes the testimony in the word blessed. every performance of duty.

Jesus took the disciples from CaperThey know that the gospel teaches naum and went up into the mountain them to be better individuals, that obediclose by to teach them further, and it ence to its principles makes them was while he was up there that he asked stronger men and truer women. Every

the question, "... Whom do men say day such a knowledge comes to them,

that I the Son of man am? and they cannot gainsay it; they know

"And they said, Some say that thou that obedience to the gospel of Jesus art John the Baptist: some, Elias; and Christ makes them better and truer husothers, Jeremias, or one of the prophets."bands, true and honored wives, obedient

Then he said: "... But whom say ye children, and makes them in every rethat I am?"spect ideal home builders.

And Peter answered without hesitaThey know that obedience to thetion, "Thou art the Christ, the Son of the gospel fosters true brotherhood and felIndividual living God. lowship among mankind; they know that

"And Jesus answered and said unto they are better citizens by virtue ofhim, Blessed art thou, Simon Barjona: obedience to the laws and ordinances. Testimony

for flesh and blood hath not revealed As they go through their daily acts and it unto thee, but my Father which is apply religion in their vocations, the in heaven. truth of the gospel becomes exemplified

"And I say unto thee, That thou art in their lives.

Peter, [Peter saw this testimony or reveThe testimony of the gospel is an lation from God] and upon this rock I anchor to the soul in the midst of conwill build my church; and the gates of fusion and strife. Cannot we afford,

hell shall not prevail against it."(See then, possessing that testimony, to make THE EDITOR'S PAGE

Matt. 16:1318.) manifest to the world another attribute BY PRESIDENT

Inspiration, revelation to the indiof The Church of Jesus Christ, which is DAVID O. McKAY

vidual soul, is the rock upon which a love? Knowledge of God and his laws

testimony should be built, and there means stability, means contentment, is no person living who cannot get it means peace, and with that, a heart full if he will conform to those laws and live of love reaching out to our fellow men, a clean life which will permit the Holy offering the same blessings, the same

Spirit to place that testimony in him. privileges.

This testimony has been revealed to Love will beget tolerance and kindevery sincere man and woman who has ness. Let us remember to have charity

conformed to the principles of the gospel and love for one another. Let us not

of Jesus Christ, who has obeyed the tear down a brother's reputation and ordinances and has become entitled to hurt his feelings.

and has received the Spirit of God and It is one thing to know that the gospel the Holy Ghost to guide him. is true; it is quite another thing to

It is given unto some, says the Lord comprehend its purpose and significance.

in the Doctrine and Covenants, to know Let us stand with our hearts centered by the Holy Ghost that Jesus is the Son and our minds fixed upon this eternal of God and that he was crucified for truth—that the gospel of Jesus Christ is

the sins of the world. But the Lord among men for the redemption and

says further there are others to whom salvation of the human family. Let us

it is given to believe upon the testimony go forth with this spirit, dealing with our of others'words, that they may also fellows in the spirit of love and kindness.

SEPTEMBER 1963 733 "WHAT IS THE MEANING OF ECCLESIASTES CHAPTER NINE, VERSES FOUR, FIVE, AND TEN?'

question: "Will you please exshall die: hut the dead know not

plain the meaning of Ecclesiastes, any thing, neither have they any chapter nine, verses four, five, and more a reward; for the memory of

ten, which are as follows: them is forgotten....

''Whatsoever thy hand findeth "'For to him that is joined to YOUR all the living 'there is hope: to do, do it with thy might; for

for a living dog is better than a there is no work, nor device, nordead lion. QUESknowledge, nor wisdom, in the

"'For the living know that they grave, whither thou goest."answer: These passages have TION time until he is forgotten. No

led some wellmeaning people to longer does the dead have any believe that the mortal body has word to give, counsel to impart,

spirit. that believe and things in their natural go on Othersno BY the ANSWERED him. as without well asthe spirit slumbers Therefore way when

body in the grave. How any we look at these passages in theirintelligent person can accept such JOSEPH true light, we must agree—the dead

a belief in the face of so many are soon forgotten. FIELDING

passages of scripture teaching that That the spirit of the dead the spirit of man is a complete ceases to exist, to endure, toentity which existed before birth, SMITH think or act is a fallacy. Deathis joined to the body in mortal life, PRESIDENT OF does not terminate existence. It

and continues to exist following THE COUNCIL does not prove that the immortal death, is something very strange OF THE TWELVE spirit has in any sense ceased to and hard to understand. Morefunction. Nor does it prove that

over, we are assured in the scripthere is no spirit which inhabited tures that the spirit and the body will again be united the dead body. Evidently these words accredited to

never to be separated after the resurrection. The Solomon were written in his later life after he had

Savior made this very clear when he was in his transgressed the divine commandments. Whatever

ministry on the earth with his disciples. the case may be when looked at and examined

The true meaning of these passages pertains to a naturally, we must admit that Solomon was right, simple fact. That fact is that after a person has at least in large measure. We are in no position in

passed in death he is soon forgotten. The things of mortality to discourse on or properly evaluate the

this world about him, its business, pleasures, sorrows privileges and opportunities given to the spirits of are not remembered by loved ones and friends. The the dead, but we can say with Solomon that when

world goes on about its business, days come and death intervenes, the body is laid away in the grave go as do the seasons, and the earth continues its peacefully and that it knows nothing as to the affairs course through the heavens the same as though the of a busy world. Therefore when we speak of the

dead had never lived. No matter how great or mortal body as an entity, we can fully agree, but

renowned a person may have been, it is but a short the living spirit which belongs to that body is

734 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA very much alive. We have never been informed

just how much the departed spirit is permitted to know and understand concerning conditions as they continue on earth after death. That the spirit

still exists as an entity of vitality, we have every assurance, for it was created to be eternal. The

death of the mortal body does not bring a death of the spirit. It continues, has vitality, and looks

forward to the day of the resurrection. The idea

therefore that the spirit is dormant, or that there is not an eternal spirit is false and is discredited in all the revelations that the Lord has given to man since the days of Adam.

There are numerous instances recorded in the scriptures which point definitely to the fact that the spirit is an entity; that it endures after death because

it is eternal. The Bible reveals incidents where the

departed have appeared as spirits to the living. The

story of Saul and the witch of Endor is not a fallacy, but a definite fact, not that Samuel was "called up,"but to the fact that there were spirits in existence.

The story of the Savior in relation to Lazarus and the rich man is an evidence of this truth. Our Redeemer would not present a story of fiction of such

wonderful significance, if it was not based on truth.

No thinking person would accuse the Son of God of presenting an imaginary story of such import as the story of Lazarus and the rich man unless the background was based in truth. If when the disciples of

the Lord at the time of his appearance after his resurrection had possessed a foolish notion, thinking that when the Lord appeared to them they were seeing a spirit and there are no spirits, the Lord would have told them plainly that there are no spirits.

What was it that he did say?

"Behold my hands and my feet, that it is I myself:

handle me, and see; for a spirit hath not flesh and

bones, as ye see me have."(Luke 24:39.)

This statement by our Savior should put an end to all controversy.

SEPTEMBER 1963 At left, President and Sister McKay arrive at the Pioneer Memorial

Theater on the University of Utah campus for an evening of pleasure.

This was the night, in October 1962, when he gave the building's dedicatory prayer.

During a quiet moment at April 1963 conference time Mrs. Jennie

Boyd, a Navajo member from Page, Arizona, brings an Indian blanket to the President.

Above, in February 1962, Archbishop Iakovos of the Greek Orthodox Church of North and South

America exchanges friendship with

President McKay.

"As arrows are in the hand of a mighty the is children. so are Happyman;

..."his quiver..full. hath of them:man that

(Psalm 127:4-5) the Psalmist sang. Here

the McKay family paused for a Christmas

Eve picture, 1958.

DAVID O. McKAY. HIGHLIGHTS OF HIS LIFE AND WORKS

Etched in dramatic vigor against the ninety years of

President David O. McKays life are presented in pictorial sequence some of the events in a life that has

emulated the Savior of whom it was said, as it can be said of President McKay, "he went about doing good."

Above, a trusted team, an old sleigh, a driver that knows all the good country roads around Huntsville, add up to a winter outing for appreciative passengers.

Here President and Sister McKay chat for a moment with the late

Cecil B. De Mille and Charlton Heston, as Moses, during the filming

of The Ten Commandments in Hollywood.

Right, President McKay frequently returns to his farm amid the hills of Huntsville, Utah, and on the spacious acres that were his father's before him, he finds surcease as he labors ivith his hands and finds companionship with a favorite mount.

Above,over—theonlymeaningthe wordsis theare same.differentIn thethe sunnyworld

lands to the south "El hermano Presidente

McKay y la hermana McKay"enjoy the affection of Guatemalan members.

Worldtraveled, bearer of hope to farflung members of the Church, President McKay stands at Papeete, Tahiti, with the spire of the beautiful church edifice in the background.

David 0. McKay sits on father's knee for this early photo while

mother holds Thomas E., later an Assistant to the Council of

the Twelve. The two sisters, Margaret {right) and Elena (left),

died in a diphtheria epidemic. /At seventeen, David O. McKay

nears manhood with determination. / As a missionary serving in

Scotland during 189799, he knew days that brought disappointments and times that brought joys for his labors. / On April 9,

1906, at thirtytwo years of age, David 0. McKay was ordained

an apostle by President Joseph F. Smith, following the general

conference.

% j

The small, stucco home in Merthyr Tydfil, South

Wales, in which President McKay's mother,

Jennette Evelyn Evans, was born August 28, 1850. The plaque was unveiled by President McKay March 2, 1961. / With Elder Hugh J. Cannon,

David O. McKay made his first great world tour

of LDS missions in 192021. / In February 19S6

President McKay, a year and a half after he became a member of the First Presidency, and

Sister McKay are pictured together.

Right, ever the friends of children, President and Sister

McKay visit the Primary Children's Hospital. For many

years the McKay city residence was an apartment building on North Temple, next door to the former Primary

Children's Hospital.

Below, an important part of all of his missionary trips is conferring with government officials. Here, during a trip

to Neiv Zealand, he chats with the Right Honorable Walter

Nash, Prime Minister of New Zealand.

Below right, at the conclusion of a visit, Eric Johnston, motion picture association executive, said: "Rarely have

I had the privilege of meeting as courageous, intelligent, and dedicated man. No wonder the people look to you for

leadership and that you have won the hearts of all."

Above, with a fine appreciation for music and the things associated with the hymns of the Church, President

McKay pauses to play "Come, Come, Ye Saints,"on the organ that William Clayton, who wrote the pioneer hymn, brought across the plains.

Presidents of the United States are among those who have called upon President McKay at his offices. Here are

Presidents Harry S. Truman, Dwight D. Eisenhower, John

F. Kennedy and their parties.

'.'$

Photographic study of President McKay Right, at Huntsville, Utah, on the old familyconducting one of many meetings. farm, President McKay enjoys two homes—

built which the home was by his parents and the which has been President's home for I; \ * 'many years—and a new, smaller, modern

home, across the broad road and a few steps farther on.

President David 0. McKay indicates final

details of agendum of general conference to his secretary, Clare Middlemiss.

In any retelling of the accomplishments of the administration of President

McKay, the building and dedicating of chapels and other church buildings has a part. Here he dedicated a chapel in the Salt Lake City area in 1958.

Merther Tydfil Chapel soon to be dedicated by President David 0. McKay who will at

the same time dedicate a gift organ in the town of his mother's birth. This organ was

presented to him in recognition of a lifetime of service by leading citizens of Utah.

At work in the Church offices, President George Albert President Heber J. Grant stands with his two counSmith and his Counselors, President Clark and Presiselors, President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., and President

dent McKay arrange details for an April conference of McKay at the rear entrance of the Church Administrathe Church. tion Building.

For almost twentynine years, since the OctoLast April he and President Henry D. Moyle chatted

together in the board room of the Church Administraber conference of 193U, President McKay has tion Building.

been a member of the First Presidency. Originally called to serve as Second Counselor to

President Heber J. Grant, he held that position

with President George Albert Smith. Also seen

on this page of photographs of the First Presidency, are three of the First Presidencies since

President McKay was sustained as President of the Church. Briefly, in the summer of 1961,

the First Presidency had Presidents Clark,

Moyle, and Brown as counselors. (Not

pictured.) As he was sustained President of the Church in Following the passing of President Richards in May

April 1951, President McKay selected for his Counselors 1959, President McKay selected President Henry D.

President Stephen L Richards, a longtime member Moyle as a member of the First Presidency. Here

of the Council of the Twelve, and President Clark. Presidents Clark, McKay, and Moyle reflect a pensive mood.

For almost two years now, since President Clark passed away, this has been The First Presidency of The Church A moment before a general conference session convenes of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. President McKay in the Tabernacle gives President McKay time to discuss

and his Counselors, President Moyle and President a lastminute detail with his Second Counselor, PresiHugh B. Brown. dent Hugh B. Brown.

..'w

TRIBUTES TO PRESIDENT DAVID O. McKAY

EXCERPTS FROM GREATNESS IN MEN The quality of leadership which is symbolized by

BY BRYANT S. HINCKLEY the lash never reaches the sources from which springs

the highest and finest allegiance. It never commands(Taken from The Improvement Era, May 1932—a the generous response which is awakened by an

favorite character sketch of President McKay's.)

appeal to the higher and finer emotions of the soul.

is a technician in making this(ifreat men are the noblest possessions of David O. McKay

any nation."higher and finer appeal. His splendid courage, his

David O. McKay is a leader. He has an strong and flexible intellect, his idealism, his kind butindefinable,G fascinating personal charm which awakchivalrous attitude toward the humblest, combine to

ens friendship and secures at once a cheerful and give him that magic power ivhich calls forth the gratuitous following. Tolerant, genial, and sincere, best there is in one. It is stimidating to meet him—

he maintains, without offense, the high standards of you go from his presence feeling a little finer, a little his own life and wins the confidence of others. He better than you were....

has, in happy combination, the fundamental charNoiv what is the source of his influence, the secret acteristics which underlie successful leadership. The of his superior leadership? Put this question to his

world owes its progress in civilization and character most intimate friends and they will answer—his love

building more to leadership than to any other single for mankind, his humanness. He has a luminous and

factor, and when this is applied to young people it impressionable mind, a will of the strongest fibre, a becomes at once farreaching and significant. He is great and tender heart. He is a clear and graceful

preeminently a leader of young people. writer, an appealing and convincing speaker, a de746 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

lightful companion, a chivalrous leader, a lovable building missionaries and in actual personal particiman who holds forever your confidence. You trust pation in the construction of their own meetinghouses.

him—you believe in him. His loyalty is superb. He Over 550 church building missionaries have been

never forsakes a friend and is big enough to love the called from the United States and Canada to supersinner while he hates the sin. This gives him a lifting vise overseas construction.

power that comes only to noble souls. He has a In addition to the 1,941 meetinghouses erected,

really great heart, a deep and abiding sympathy, a since 1951 the church building program has been passionate love for the souls of men—all qualities responsible for the completion of 76 fulltime semiwhich the world stands so much in need of. naries, which is 48 percent of the 159 fulltime semiAnother secret of his success is his sweet and unnaries in the Church.

impeachable character. He lives above the fog and Of the 39 fulltime institute buildings, 21 have been

turmoil of daily circumstances. David O. McKay built since 1951, or 56 percent. In the Church we

never did a mean or little thing; he is guilty of no have 96 parttime institutes with an enrolment of

injustice to his fellows; he is free from the indict15,200. Fiftysix percent of these have been built

ments of selfishness and trickery. All his days he since 1951. Of our 1,300 parttime seminaries, 1,000,

has lived upon a high moral plateau and has risen to organized since 1951 or 77 percent. Our total school

spiritual altitudes which few people reach, inspiring enrolments was 111,145 in 1962. This compares with

all the while those about him to climb to the only 41,779 in 1950, an increase of 160 percent.

same heights. Our building program is endeavoring to keep pace

David O. McKay has done many good things and with the growth and development of the membership

said many beautiful things, but somehow he is finer of the Church. In April of 1951 there were 175

than anything he has ever said or done. Back of all stakes. There are now approximately 380. This

his splendid deeds, rising above all his achievements, means that 53 percent of all the stakes in the Church is the charm of his winsome personality. Dignified have been created in the past twelve years. No one

and handsome in appearance, congenial and gracious can appraise the impact of our building program on in manner, kind, sincere, genuine, and peace loving; the results of missionary work accomplished since the

but when necessity requires, courageous in action, participation of members in the church building fearless in defense of right, brave in the hour of missionary program.

battle, gentle and sympathetic in times of trouble, In 1951 we had 43 missions. Today we have 73. In

strong for truth, justice, purity, and righteousness, he other words, 43 percent of all the missions in the is always and everywhere a gentleman. Church have been created in the past 12 years.

At the end of the year 1950 there were 1,111,000

BY PRESIDENT HENRY D. MOYLE members, and today we are two million strong. FortyPresident David O. McKay was sustained as our three percent of the present membership of the

prophet, seer, and revelator twelve years ago. Church have known no other President than

No mortal man could have more religiously David O. McKay.

labored to advance the individual interests of every Our unified school system has likewise grown. In

member of the Church than has he. 1951 Brigham Young University had an enrolment

In the past twelve years, under the direction of the of just over 5,000, and in 1962 it had 12,500 stuFirst Presidency of the Church, we have built 56 perdents. Fiftynine percent of the present enrolment

cent of the 3,500 meetinghouses we now have in the represents the growth in twelve years. In 1951

world, 1,941 in number—more than were built in the this university had fifteen academic buildings and

preceding 120 years of church history. This was made three student resident halls. It now has fourteen new

possible by the organization of the church building academic buildings, and three major housing projects missionary work program initiated in 1955 by Presifor students, totaling 59 buildings or a total of 29 dent McKay under the inspiration of the Almighty. major academic buildings and 62 housing units. Three

This program has made it possible to erect buildings additional major building projects are under way.

in every mission of the Church, regardless of the Ricks College and the schools in Mexico have likefinancial condition of the people. wise grown, as have the schools in the Pacific. We

Already 3,127 young men have been called into have built new hospitals and remodeled or made service by the church building missionary program. major additions to others.

These men learn a trade and are daily instructed Since 1951 we have built four new temples and spiritually by systematically studying the gospel. nearly finished the fifth in Oakland, California. Forty

Thousands of local Saints have contributed liberally percent of all our temples have been constructed by giving sustenance and support to the church since President McKay was sustained. It is interestSEPTEMBER 1963 747

ing to know that since the organization of the present President McKay thought for a minute and then building committee in 1955, there have been 1,941 gave this prophetic utterance: "We have been praying

buildings constructed—56 percent of the total existfor this day in the Church for a hundred years. Now

ing buildings in the Church. that day has come, we must be prepared to take

There has been a development of spiritual strength care of the membership of the Church. If we are

in all who have participated in the building program faithful and obedient to the commandments of God, of the Church. I know of no one associated in the God will provide."

work who has not dedicated his time and his talents It is my humble testimony to you that through to the upbuilding of the kingdom of God on the President McKay, the Lord has set the pace. We

earth. It has in the past nine years developed leaders must not look back. I testify to you that the work

in missions, stakes, and wards. now going forward under the direction of our beloved

For example, seventeen young men serving in Japan prophet is in accordance with the wishes of our Lord on two buildings have been in the Church an average and Master Jesus Christ.

of three years. None of these boys'parents are members. In Australia, the 75 young men serving as

labor missionaries have been in the Church an averBY PRESIDENT JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH age of about 15 months. Many today hold the the month of April 1910, I was sustained as a

Melchizedek Priesthood. Some have been members of In member of the Council of the Twelve Apostles at

the Church only from three to five months. the general conference of the Church. For sevThe inspiration of President McKay is, of course, eral years President David O. McKay and I sat side by

expedient for these times. It has brought about an side in that council. It was our privilege frequently to

economy without which many of our completed buildtravel together to stake conferences, for in that day ings would not have been started. Above all, it has the brethren traveled two and two. We had then in

made possible a rather uniform participation by the the neighborhood of sixty stakes of Zion. Our travel

local membership of wards and branches in their to the fardistant conferences, such as in the Uintahs building program. and in Arizona had to be largely by team when our

One branch, for example, had a membership of destiny could not be reached by the train. There

247 when its building was started. Twelve months were very few automobiles in that day on the streets

later, when the building was finished, it had a memof Salt Lake City, and very few, if any, paved roads.

bership of 491. A trip to Canada was by train and usually meant

Another branch had a membership when its buildthat we remained two or three weeks. The same

ing was started of 190, and when the building was condition prevailed in Arizona, the Uintah country, finished, it had a membership of 354. and other places.

In 1951 when President McKay became President of Then as time advanced, President McKay was taken the Church, the total assets of the welfare program into the First Presidency to be a Counselor to Presiheld by the Church was $15,223,000, accumulated in dent Heber J. Grant, and the close association that

fifteen years, and in the twelve years which have we had enjoyed came to an end. I never had any

followed the amount has been increased to $42,880,- doubt in my mind that his call was not by divine 000, an increase of 182 percent. Our budget was appointment, and I rejoiced that it came to him.

produced in 1951 by twenty regions and twentyfour Then as time continued and the older brethren stakes outside of regions, showing a growth of began to disappear through the call of death, Presi110 percent. dent McKay became the President of the Church,

So far as genealogical work, temple work, missionary holding all the keys and authority that had been work, radio and television, and the work of all the handed down from the Prophet Joseph Smith. During

auxiliary organizations and priesthood quorum, comall of these years, it has been my privilege and duty parable increases are to be found, and are wellknown to sustain President McKay in these several calls, to the body of the Church. and when the mantle of divine authority fell upon

Near the close of a recent committee on expendihim, I rejoiced, for I knew that it was a call from tures meeting in which there had been a report of the divine source. At this period in his life when he

the vast building program of the churchprojected and has reached his ninetieth year, I wish to assure him membership growth anticipated, the question was that I give unto him my undivided and loyal support, asked: How in the world can we continue to finance knowing that he has been divinely called to stand at

this kind of building program, even if it is needed the head as the representative of our Lord and Savior to house the membership and to cope with Jesus Christ in this great work of the restoration the growth? of all things.

748 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

BY SPENCER W. KIMBALL a Samoan brother, if he could translate the dedicatory

October 6, 1955 in a letter to President prayer to be given by President McKay from English

McKay, Elder Spencer W. Kimball of the into the Samoan tongue. Brother Poilupi answeredOn Council of the Twelve, wrote: "If I could live President McKay simply and humbly by saying:

to merit the smiles of my Lord in the faraway future "I can do it if you will bless me."President McKay

so that he might shake my hand or embrace me, then answered, "I do bless you."Although Brother Poilupi

and only then would I be lifted into greater ecstasy had not heard the prayer previously, nor seen a copy than I was on Saturday afternoon when I felt your of it, he interpreted the prayer perfectly, according strong arms around me and heard a word of approval."to those wellacquainted with both the English and

Samoan tongues. He did not hesitate nor did he

need to correct himself. The simple blessing given

BY ELDER DELBERT L. STAPLEY him by President McKay was fully realized.

stand awestricken and amazed whenever in the

I piercingpresence ofeyes,Presidenthis discerningDavid O. alertness,McKay. Hishiskeen,trehave lovedBY ELDERPresidentMARIONMcKayG.forROMNEYa long, long time.

mendous reservoir of knowledge and wisdom, also He doesn't remember when I first fell in love the sound judgment he has gained over the years, I with him. I guess he doesn't remember when

make it possible for him, with the aid of the Spirit, you did, either.

which he so fully enjoys, to draw from this reservoir It -was down in Los Angeles in the winter of 1912 with ease and dignity to enlighten or to challenge and 1913. We were known then as Mormon refugees.

both church members and nonmembers alike and We had lost our home in Mexico—invited out down

place him in command of every situation. there. Brother McKay came to Los Angeles; he came

His spiritual insight, pleasing personality, the lovto Sunday School, and he took a glass of water. He

able twinkle in his eyes, the Christlike qualities of had a pen in his hand. He showed us how clear

his character, and his presence of mind give one the and beautiful the water was, and then he dropped a feeling of not only being in the presence of greatdrop of ink in the water, and it was clouded all ness—as men measure this quality in their fellow through, and he said to us little fellows, "That is what

men—but in the presence of the divine. sin does to a life,"and I have ever since then, Presi-

I am thrilled through and through when coming dent McKay, been trying to keep that sin out of to a decision on an important matter to hear him in my life.

substance say to his Counselors and the Twelve: I met President McKay in Australia. I was presi-

"Brethren, I feel this action has the approval of dent of the conference. They used to call disthe Lord."Or, "This action is pleasing to the Lord, tricts "conferences."

and I feel good about it."One's own feeling of the When he went up to visit the Genolean Caves,

Tightness of his statements is confirmed by the imhe took Elder Bischoff. When he came back, he

pressions of the Holy Ghost. taught us a lesson, telling us that those great stalag-

I have seen President McKay under many trying mites and stalactites in the caves were made by and difficult situations; but he is always the master. infinitesimally small deposits from drops of water.

President McKay looks like a prophet; he acts like Then he told us that was how a life was built.

a prophet; and his humility, faith, devotion, and Every thought we thought, every word we spoke,

spiritual teaching and leadership stamp him a true every deed we did, registered on our character. I

prophet of God. This is my witness and testimony. never have forgotten that.

It was a privilege for Sister Stapley and me, with

Elder and Sister Marion G. Romney and others, to BY RICHARD L. EVANS

accompany President and Sister David O. McKay

to New Zealand for the dedication of the New Zeamorning in President McKay's office some of land Temple and the Church College of New ZeaOneus were assembled by appointment to discuss a land, as well as to attend to other duties there. It somewhat serious personnel problem, the easiwas a glorious experience for us which we will est solution to which (but not necessarily the most

treasure always. just) seemed to be to relieve one particular person of

I shall share with you one experience, choice and duties that he had long and faithfully ( but somewhat impressive to me, yet simple in its enactment, but troublesomely ) performed. The President paused and

abounding in spiritual significance. earnestly looked at us as he said: "Human hearts

In the dedication service appointed for the Samoan are very tender, and human lives are very precious.

Saints, President McKay asked Brother Lafe Poilupi, Let's solve this problem ( Continued on page 760

SEPTEMBER 1963 749 SIGNIFICANT DATES AND EVENTS IN THE LIFE OF PRESIDENT DAVID 0. McKAY

September 8, 1873 Born at Huntsville, Utah, the son of David and Jennette Evans McKay.

September 8, 1881 Baptized by Peter Geertsen at Huntsville.

June 9, 1897 Graduated from University of Utah; president and valedictorian of his

class.

August 1, 1897 Ordained a seventy and set apart as a missionary to Great Britain by

President Seymour B. Young of the First Council of the Seventy.

September 10, 1899 Returned home from his mission, having labored in Scotland; from

March 1898 as president of the Glasgow Conference (District).

September 1899 Began as faculty member at Weber State College (formerly Weber

Stake Academy) Ogden, Utah.

18991906 Second Assistant Superintendent, Weber (Utah) Stake Sunday School.

January 2, 1901 Married Emma Ray Riggs in the Salt Lake Temple; ceremony performed by Elder John Henry Smith of the Council of the Twelve;

this was the first marriage of the Twentieth Century performed in the Salt Lake Temple.

April 17, 1902 Became principal of Weber Academy.

April 9, 1906 Ordained an Apostle by President Joseph F. Smith.

1906 Member of Church Board of Education.

October 6, 1906 Sustained as Second Assistant Superintendent, Deseret Sunday School

Union.

April 4, 1909 Sustained as First Assistant Superintendent, Deseret Sunday School

Union. 1914 President of Ogden Betterment League.

September 19, 1915 Laid the cornerstone of the Alberta Temple at Cardston.

February 1918 His book, Ancient Apostles, came from the press.

Nov. 27, 1918Oct. 1934 General Superintendent, Deseret Sunday School Union.

May 9, 19191921 Served as Church Commissioner of Education.

Dec. 1, 1920Dec. 24, 1921 Made a world tour of LDS missions, visiting the fields outside the

United States except South Africa, traveling 62,500 miles.

January 9, 1921 Dedicated the land of China for the preaching of the restored gospel.

April 23, 1921 Received the gift of the Maori tongue while addressing Saints at

Puketapu, Huntly, Waikato, New Zealand.

May 31, 1921 Monument erected at Apia, Samoa, in commemoration of his visit.

July 1921October 1922 Member of the board of regents, University of Utah.

June 2, 1922 Received Master of Arts (honorary), Brigham Young University.

November 3, 1922 Called as president of the European Mission, succeeding Elder Orson

F. Whitney.

January 1924 Attended first conference held in the name of the Armenian Mission,

Aleppo, Syria.

December 1924 Released as president of the European Mission.

May 28, 1931 Elected president of the Weber State College Alumni Association.

February 18, 1932 Elected chairman for Utah Council for Child Health and Protection at its organization, following the White House Conference on Child

Welfare.

October 6, 1934 Sustained as Second Counselor in the First Presidency (to President

Heber J. Grant).

October 11, 1934 Set apart as Second Counselor in the First Presidency.

October 31, 1934 Released as general superintendent, Deseret Sunday School Union.

19381947 Chairman of Utah State Centennial Commission.

October 26, 1940 Laid the cornerstone of the Idaho Falls Temple.

194041 Member, board of trustees, Utah State University (formerly Utah State

Agricultural College).

1942 Chairman, Utah State Advisory Committee of the American Red Cross.

1942 Chairman, Utah Council of Child Health and Protection.

May 21, 1945 Sustained and set apart as Second Counselor in the First Presidency (to

President George Albert Smith).

June 2, 1950 Received a Doctor of Laws (honorary), Utah State University,

September 30, 1950 Sustained as President of the Council of the Twelve.

October 5, 1950 Set apart as President of the Council of the Twelve.

750 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA April 8, 1951 Sustained as President of the Church by members of the Council of the Twelve and the Patriarch, meeting in the Salt Lake Temple.

April 9, 1951 Sustained as President of the Church by the priesthood and members meeting in Solemn Assembly, in the Tabernacle.

April 12, 1951 Set apart as President of the Church by the Council of the Twelve, with

President Joseph Fielding Smith of that body acting as mouth.

April 16, 1951 Became senior editor of The Improvement Era.

April 1951 Became president of board of trustees, Brigham Young University.

June 4, 1951 Received a Doctor of Humanities (honorary), Brigham Young University.

June 9, 1951 Received a Doctor of Letters (honorary), University of Utah.

June 14, 1951 Received a Doctor of Letters (honorary), Temple University, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

October 14, 1951 Honorary Chairman of Boy Scouts Relationship Committee for the Church.

September 22, 1951 Broke ground for Los Angeles Temple.

December 31, 1951 Became an honorary executive board member, Great Salt Lake Council,

Boy Scouts of America.

Toured the nine LDS missions of Europe.May 27July 27, 1952

June 13, 1953 Given Honorary Master M Man award.

July 17, 1953 Given Silver Buffalo by Committee on Awards for Distinguished Service of the National Council, BSA, at Los Angeles.

August 5, 1953 Broke ground for the Swiss Temple.

January 3-February 14, 1954 Toured South Africa, South America, Central America, and Mexico.

September 10, 1954 Given honorary membership, International College of Surgeons at

Chicago.

January 2, 1955 Departed for Tonga, Tahiti, New Zealand, and Australia.

January 1955 Selected site for New Zealand Temple.

November 29, 1954 Given the Cross of the Commander of the Royal Order of the Phoenix (a Greek award).

December 14, 1954 Dedicated "David O. McKay Building,"BYU campus.

August 19, 1955 Greeted'the members of the Tabernacle Choir as they arrived in the

British Isles.

August 27, 1955 Broke ground for London Temple.

September 11, 1955 Dedicated Swiss Temple.

November 20, 1955 Given the Golden Medal of the Greek Archdiocese of North and South

America (a Greek Church award).

January 26, 1956 Given Silver Beaver by Great Salt Lake Council, BSA.

March 11, 1956 Dedicated Los Angeles Temple.

May 5, 1956 Given honorary membership, The Blue Key National Honor Fraternity.

July 29, 1957 Given honorary membership, National Council, BSA.

April 11May 10, 1958 Toured South Seas missions.

April 20, 1958 Dedicated New Zealand Temple.

April 24, 1958 Dedicated the Church College of New Zealand.

April 27, 1958 Said that "transportation has brought the far places of the world close to us"and that overseas stakes would be organized. (Auckland Stake,

New Zealand, organized as a result, May 18, 1958.)

June 12, 1959 Given allChurch YMMIA trophy.

September 7, 1958 Dedicated London Temple.

December 17, 1958 Dedicated the Church College of Hawaii.

February 26, 1961 Dedicated Hyde Park chapel, London; organized London Stake.

June 11, 1961 Announced that members of the First Council of the Seventy would be high priests.

June 26July 3, 1961 Presided at first mission presidents'seminar, Salt Lake City.

May 26, 1962 Broke ground for Oakland Temple.

August 26, 1962 Organized Glasgow (Scotland) Stake.

December 10, 1962 Honored by business and civic leaders of Salt Lake City.

May 20, 1963 Dedicated parts of the remodeled Salt Lake Temple.

August 25, 1963 Dedication of Merthyr Tydfil Chapel.

September 8, 1963 Arrived at the age of four score and ten, greatly loved by his associates and people everywhere.

SEPTEMBER 1963 751 e It Jliver qo Meiaet

t* L*u'. > * "V. i '** SI v. ->>uo tc.. ys*. O 6*S&"J* iSSSBKkESfe MKV IlCU acaEffjuPiJI**.

BY SHIRLEY THUL.IN

David sat on the couch and looked around him. Diane's father was talking, but David wasn't absorbing the words. He was sitting there feeling the softness of the fabric that his hands were

resting on. David didn't know a couch could be that soft. His eyes kept wandering from the

painting over the marble fireplace to the fountain with the statue beside it. He never imagined

seeing a fountain inside a home, but there it was, in the corner, with green largeleafed plants growing around it.

The painting was of a girl with lips parted and long black hair flowing. The depth of her

eyes gave David a feeling that she was real... that he would see her move if he watched. The

statue was oriental, and the angular cut of it was unusually beautiful.

"Have you thought of going into engineering?"

David was snapped into the realization that Mr. Garris had just asked him a question, and the

blankness that filled his head embarrassed him. I must have been acting like an idiot, he thought.

He cleared his throat to attempt an answer, but Mr. Garris went on talking. He was telling

David of the opportunities in the field of engineering. David wondered if his chosen field would

ever afford him a home like this one, and he again was lost in the complete fascination of his; surroundings. He mentally compared all this with his own home and had to admit there was

quite a difference. Not that there was anything wrong with his home! His mother and father

were hardworking people, but they were only able to provide an ordinaiy home. Neat and

clean... and ordinary!

David didn't realize that Diane had entered the room until Mr. Garris stood up and said

something to her.

"Sorry to have kept you waiting, David, but I got home late and mother's still shopping."

"I didn't mind,"he told her, and he hadn't minded. Who would mind waiting in such an

enchanting atmosphere? The lush carpeting, the blending of the colors, and the quiet—the restful quiet. David couldn't remember when he'd ever sat in his own home for more than five minutes of absolute quiet. There were few serene moments in a family where seven children lived.

As Diane bade good evening to her father, David looked at her. She was little and blonde

... a natural blonde, with long lashes. And she smiled with her eyes.

"Isn't it a beautiful evening?"she said, and David watched her stand for just an instant

on the top step of the porch and breathe deeply of the September air.

Everything is beautiful, and wonderful, he thought. Out loud, he agreed with her about

the evening, and offered his arm as they walked down the curved sidewalk to his car. He almost

remarked aloud that it seemed good to see a sidewalk unblemished with hopscotch games, but he knew she wouldn't understand. She didn't have younger brothers and sisters.

As David started the car, and it began to make its way down the treelined street, he felt good. "Like my new car?"he asked her.

Its nice. "I got a real good buy... put in a new transmission myself."

"Runs smooth,"she said, her eyes smiling.

David had never dated Diane before, though from the beginning of his first quarter at the university when she'd sat next to him in Dr. Hertz's class, he'd wanted to. It had had to

wait, though. He hadn't been home from his mission long enough to afford dates. Now with a

good parttime job, the classes he'd wanted this quarter all signed up, a "new"car and a new girl, he felt all was going well.

After the show, David took Diane to an ice cream store and then remembered that his mother had invited him to bring Diane home for a snack. David had always brought his girl

friends home, but they were girls that already knew the family. Diane lived across the town,

high on a hill... and she was someone special. Anyway, after having been in her home, he was

glad he hadn't promised his mother he'd bring her... he just couldn't see Diane sitting on their

lumpy sofa, with Jill and Tommy on each side, their hands sticky from recent peanut butter

7S3 and jam sandwiches. That, he told himself, would smile that told him or the slight set of her jaw? Or

have to wait until... but he couldn't tell himself was it just his imagination? He couldn't be sure. He

when would ever be the right time to bring Diane started the conversation time after time but after home.... a few words she was silent. They usually had so

The next morning at breakfast, David was glad of much to say to each other that an evening was always the hustle. Ned and Sue were giving a play by play too short.

description of the high school football game so his "Is there something wrong?"David didn't look at

mother didn't quiz him about Diane. Last night he'd her when he asked. He was afraid of what he would

let himself in the back door, and when his mother had see in her face.

called to ask if that were he, he'd answered her briefly "Maybe you could tell me,"she said. And she held

as he hurried down the steps to his room. He usually her hands politely in her lap and looked down at

went to the refrigerator for milk before going to bed, them.

and he usually had things to talk to his mother about, David nearly stopped the car. He could scarcely

but not last night... that night, and his date with believe he'd heard right... didn't want to believe

Diane, and his mother were worlds apart. he'd heard her right. One of the things he'd liked so

David looked at his mother hurrying from the stove much about Diane was that she was different from the to the table to the sink. She was tall and fairly nice other girls he'd gone with. And here she was acting

looking for her age, he thought. Her brown hair just like the others. She'd always given intelligent

only hinted a few gray hairs, and her face didn't have answers before, and now she was talking in riddles just many wrinkles... only around her eyes where they like the rest! He opened his mouth to ask what she

squinted when she laughed. David's father always meant by that but decided not to. He'd tried this

said she would never grow old because she enjoyed same kind of merrygo-round discussions before and working with the youth. She certainly was popular always came out the loser. He gripped the steering

with the young people, David thought. For as long wheel tighter and clamped his words between his teeth.

as he could remember she had been a favorite Primary All through the concert David tried to think what teacher, and when he and Ned and Sue had gone into he might have done to make Diane behave this way.

the MIA she had taken over a Beehive class. Now she And his thoughts kept swirling around in his head

was the stake Beekeeper and worked with all the girls along with the notes of the music. Then he looked at

in the stake. She seemed to love them almost as much Diane. She was looking at the conductor, and her

as she did her own children, at least she did as much eyes were misty. He could tell she was just as miserworrying over them, it seemed to David. She had able as he was, but he didn't know why or what to

often told him how much she enjoyed working with do about it.

the ward Beekeepers, too. "Most of them are young The silence on the way home was unbearable.

and very efficient,"she had told him. "It's an inspiraDavid wanted to say something to comfort her, but the

tion to have such close contact with them."David had words wouldn't come. Finally they were in front of

joked with his mother and said that he would trade her house, and as the car came to a stop, she put her jobs. He said he was sure she'd make a good her hand on the door handle.

elders'quorum secretary, and he knew he would like "Wait, Diane... what's the matter... what

having to go around visiting all those young teachers. have I...?"

The weeks passed, and September turned into Octo- "Please, David. I don't feel like talking."

ber. David and Diane were growing friendlier, though "But we have to... *

they hadn't had many dates. Tonight they were going "It's nothing you've done... it's just that..."and

to the symphony. He was glad they were both in the she looked at David with a pleading that he couldn't

music department. This gave him a chance to mix understand. So he said nothing... did nothing...

business with pleasure. It seemed to make Dvorak's and when she opened the door and let herself out he

New World sound even better when she was sitting just sat there sick—miserably sick.

by his side. He parked his car and had trouble makLong after her door had closed behind her, David

ing his feet slow down to a respectable pace as he sat in his car and tried to separate his thoughts...

went up the walk, but when she opened the door, he but there was no relief to the heaviness of his heart.

could feel that something was wrong. Was it her thin Then he started the {Continued on page 796)

754 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Scouting and the Boy

BY VERDA WELCH &&& The Scoutmaster first saw the boy in the courtroom. Sometimes he would repay his benefactor by filching

It was a familiar room to the boy. Many times he a comb or some other small article from his pocket.

had been brought there. As many times his widowed In two months he had mastered braiding until he

mother had paid his fines, and he'd been freed, only had about ten inches of sixty strand. A Scout official

to get into new mischief. This time it was more was visiting and asked for it. The Scoutmaster glued

serious. The townspeople would take no more. He it on a small decorated board, then shellacked it.

was hopeless, they said, and the Industrial School This piece of art went to a national Boy Scout session was the only place for him. and other places, with a little note beneath containing

His mother had asked the bishop and the new the boy's name, the Scoutmaster's name, and a

Scoutmaster to ask the judge that her son be given mother's heartfelt testimony as to what scouting had another chance. The judge was lenient. done for her boy.

The new Scoutmaster recognized the boy as a He became the town's first Eagle Scout, and the challenge. He wasn't basically bad. Just a young, people were proud of him. In a program the Scoutidle boy, with too much drive for one headed in the master had made him his minuteman and patrol

wrong direction. He was a smart, but determined leader. The boy gathered the troop around him and

leader of a gang. The Scoutmaster knew he must said, "I can only say, 'on my honor I will do the

captivate his interest immediately or he would lose best I can.'

him permanently. The Scoutmaster moved away from the town but

To the first Scout meeting he took a large quantity heard of the boy occasionally. He was first counselor

of string and started all the Scouts in the art of braidin the elders'quorum, the boy's mother said proudly.

ing. Four strands, six, then eight, ten, and so on. He later served in the bishopric, then a rememThe boy was still the leader. As rapidly as the bering bishop patted the Scoutmaster's shoulder

Scouts caught on to one, the boy wanted a more and said that the boy had become a member of the difficult braid. high council.

Wild horses couldn't keep him from Mutual that May God bless and help the Scoutmaster in his winter. Living out of town he thumbed his way in. building the boy into the man.

SEPTEMBER 1963 75S CONDUCTED BY THE UNIFIED CHURCH SCHOOL SYSTEM

BY F. WELDON THACKER

TEACHER B.Y. HIGH SEMINARY

To Help Them

"But, Bishop, sometimes my efforts seem, so futile.

I try so hard to prepare and put over a good lesson.

They seem to enjoy the lessons, and they are 'sharp'with the answers. But now, two of them have got

themselves into difficulties. They both knew better

than to do what they did, but I guess knowing wasn't enough. How do you get them to practise what we

preach to them?"

One of the challenges of religious education is motivating students so that they will put the concepts and ideals discussed in class into practice. It is one thing

to accept a principle verbally as true and another acttfally to make it a practice in one's life. Our missionaries have been confronted with this problem in

their attempt to convert investigators to the gospel.

It is interesting to note that in the approach being used today so successfully, the major emphasis is placed on getting the contact to commit himself. It

has been found that a person is able to progress much faster along the road to conversion if he will commit himself to action as he is taught the gospel. He commits himself to pray for a testimony, to read the Book

of Mormon and the literature left by the missionaries, to attend church services, and to prepare himself for baptism. As a result, the period of time needed to

convert the average investigator has been reduced from months and years to weeks and even days.

Therefore, the question arises, cannot the same practice be utilized just as effectively by our Sunday

School, Primary, MIA, priesthood, and seminary classes? In attempting to give answer to this question,

it should be pointed out that the seminary program of the Church has adopted as standard procedure, the practice of taking time at the end of a lesson or unit of lessons to have students select at least one specific concept or principle, as taught, and apply it in their lives. Various students in the class may select different

"applications,"realizing that their problems or needs may not be the same. The Aaronic Priesthood, Sunday School, and Primary manuals also encourage this

practice. Thus, a real attempt is being made to get

the membership of the Church actually to put into

PreachPractise What We

practice gospel ideals and concepts that, perhaps, lessons into practice, they will benefit by it.

they have previously only thought about. Most sincerely,

It is one thing for a person to resolve to do some- // thing and quite another actually to fulfil the resolve. Seminary Principal

Sometimes he forgets about it or finds that it is not This is a medium for motivating parents to detertoo easily accomplished and that he cannot do it mine the best way of encouraging and helping the alone. This is where parents and family can play an members of their family to be successful in making

important role; for example, consider the following application of principles taught in their respective

letter from a seminary teacher to the parents of classes. This could become a family project, agreed

his students: to by and involving all the members of the family. A

Dear Parent: certain part of the familynight program could be deWe are happy to have your son in our seminary voted to discussion of the applications each member

class. The course of study this year will be on the of the family is working on and how other members

Book of Mormon. By means of this course we hope of the family may be of help. Likewise, much the

not only to better acquaint him with this sacred record, same thing could be done around the supper table.

but also to help him to understand better "But,"you ask, "will young people be willing to 1. The gospel of Jesus Christ participate in such a program or will they resent it

2. Himself and the world around him as another adult attempt to control their lives?"

3. His potentials and possibilities. In answer, it is a proven fact that if it is approached

However, we feel that the most good will be done and handled right, not only will they cooperate, but for our students if they put into practice the principles they have. Consider the following examples of actual

and concepts discussed in class. Experience has taught applications as reported by ninth grade students.

that we will be more successful in getting young After a lesson on prayer—"I went home and talked

people to do this if we have the cooperation and ento my father about it, and he told me he had no faith couragement of the home. Therefore, we are sending in prayer. So I got all my notes on prayer and had a

you a list of the lesson titles and objectives that are to long talk with him. Now he has begun to have faith in

be taught this quarter and ask that you place it in prayer, and it is increasing every day. Then I asked

some conspicuous location where you will frequently him if we might try having a family hour in order to be reminded to encourage and assist your son to make bring the family closer together and to promote more application of at least one of the ideas and concepts love in the family. He agreed, and now we have a

discussed in each lesson. Furthermore, there is a place family hour which is planned for every week. We are

provided on the report card for your evaluation of going to start having family prayer, too. This will

how well you feel your son is attempting to make really help our family to become closer to each other, these applications. especially to my father."

We are convinced that regardless of the student and # * his respective problems, background, or goals there are "I talked to my mother and dad about having fam- a number of appropriate applications from which he ily prayer. They both liked the idea and decided to

may choose. Each student may choose according to try it that night. We have it almost regularly now."

his own needs. After a discussion on fasting for a purpose—-"About

If this program is carried out successfully, and three weeks ago we were discussing some of my mothstudents receive sufficient and appropriate encourageer's and father's friends who were talking of stopping ment to put the things discussed in the scriptures and their smoking. I had (Continued on page 798)

SEPTEMBER 1963 757 *The dictionary defines empathy as "an appreciative perception or understanding of the feeling of others."

Empathy is a most important attribute of the genealogist. It allows him to approach a genealogical problem, taking into consideration the GENEALOGY historical, geographical, economic, and social conditions of the time and locality in which the ancestor lived.

In speaking of the coming of Elijah before the coming of the great and dreadful day of the Lord, the prophet Malachi stated that the mission of the prophet Elijah would be to "... turn the heart of

the fathers to the children, and the heart of the children to their fathers,..."(Mai. 4:6.)

If our hearts are to be turned to our fathers (our ancestors), we must make every attempt to learn more about them, the period of time in which they lived, and if at all possible, some of the conditions under which they lived.

For those whose ancestors were famous and whose lives are described in some detail in historical writings, such information is not difficult to obtain. We

can learn about them and their deeds, but for those whose ancestry has root in the "common people"there may be little or no information of records about these ancestors. If, for example, your fourth greatgrand-

father was a farm laborer, living in the eighteenth

758 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA century, it is unlikely that his name would be incestor and, with a little imagination, he begins to scribed on the pages of history. It would be difficult, live again in our minds.

therefore, to obtain actual details of any specific A study of the area in which he lived would proevents in his life, other than his birth, marriage, vide much valuable information. It is not difficult

and death. to obtain pictures of the area in which the ancestor

It is possible, however, through an awareness of the worked, lived, and died—a picture of the church

importance of "genealogical empathy"to learn more where he was christened, where he was married—

about him than merely his name, date and place of picture of the cemetery or burial ground help to birth, marriage, and death, etc. make the individual more than a mere name on a

To know that your ancestor's name was lohn Whitpedigree chart and family group record.

taker and to have records stating that he was born If an ancestor was one whose name was never on a certain day in a specific locality gives us little recorded on the pages of history, it is difficult, if idea as to the character and type of individual he was not impossible, to write an actual life story about him.

and certainly would provide no information as to the But it is possible to learn something about him. Even

kind of life he would have led. though such information is general in nature, it does

A knowledge of local and national history, howprovide us with the necessary background which ever, and the knowledge of the geography of the area raises genealogy from the dull study of names, dates, in which he lived provide a framework in which a and places.

mental picture of the ancestor can be placed. As we learn about the conditions under which our

It may be possible to learn from a genealogical ancestors lived, and the relative hardships which record the type of work in which the ancestor was they suffered in order that we may enjoy the advanengaged. There are many excellent descriptive histages of today, our hearts will be filled not only with

torical publications for most areas which provide gratitude but with love as we learn about them and information concerning the conditions of the times—their times.

the type of home in which the people lived, the Our hearts will, in reality, "turn to our fathers"manner of their livelihood, etc. Information as generic as through a study of history and geography we beas this would enable us to form a picture of the ancome acquainted with them.

Pertinent Questions Answered

QUESTION: of the Family Representative or a descendant of the

In a recent ward class, a discussion resulted from greatgrandparent.

the paragraph on page 5, section 8 of the manual, A descendant of a greatgrandparent would be headed "Records of modern families."There were either the grandparent, the granduncle or grandaunt,

differences of opinion on the interpretation of this the uncle or aunt of the Family Representative and standard. Will you please clarify it? any descendants of these individuals. The relationship chart on page 18 of Section 7 will clearly indicate

those who are descendants of a greatgrandparent.

ANSWER: Any such sheets of "modern families"bearing a

This standard applies only to those family group recmore distant collateral relationship on which there ords on which (1) there are children born after 1875 are children born after 1875 or on which a marriage or (2) a marriage date for the husband and wife after is listed after 1870 on which there are no children, 1870 if no children are listed on that sheet. would not be accepted at the Genealogical Society as

If either of these conditions is shown on a family temple work for such individuals lies outside group record, then the husband or the wife shown both the responsibility and the privilege of that on that record must be either the greatgrandparent Family Representative.

SEPTEMBER 1963 759 Tributes to "Is he discreet and does he carry a set a pattern for all of us to follow.

President David O. McKay good influence? Yes, sir! His courteous solicitation for the

"Remarks: None better in the wellbeing of Sister McKay has been

(Continued from page 749) mission."observed by all of us.

That was written in 1899. One day as he and I walked towithout hurting a very tender heart!'As I read that, I thought of anward the temple, we noticed a

This reminded us of a sentence other David, the son of Jesse, who woman on our right. She was going

that Oscar Kirkham kept on his desk was ordained to become the leader toward the gateway which we were and occasionally quoted when conof Israel. And I thought of the solid also approaching. It appeared to

sidering actions that would affect consistency of President McKay's me we would arrive at the gate well people personally: "What will it do life, from the time he first labored ahead of her and could have gone

to the man?"in the British Isles as a young man, through without seeming to be

President McKay is always deeply, through the sixty years that passed discourteous. But not so with Presicompassionately mindful of the prior to his return to dedicate the dent McKay! He stopped (and so

hearts and feelings of people—of house of the Lord in the same land. did I!) a considerable distance from

people personally and not just The affection in which he is held, the gateway. Only after she had

theoretically or statistically. He is his unfailing kindness and considergone through did he proceed.

mindful of their future and of the ation, his ease in meeting every While the incident was small and future of their families. situation, the fruits of his ministry, ordinary, it again demonstrated his

Among his most heartwarming all attest his prophetic calling. respect and courtesy for womanand convincing characteristics are On his arrival at the New Zealand hood. I was greatly impressed by

courtesy and kindly consideration. Temple he was given a great welthis act of courtesy.

Those who have audience with him coming festival. As he walked Like their parents, the sons and

even on relatively unimportant matthrough the crowd, elderly men and daughters and also the grandchilters—relatively unimportant to him women, who first had met him in dren show these same qualities.

if not to them—are aware that he the islands in 1921, wept at the reOver the years I have observed in

gives them his complete and courteturn of their apostleprophet. their visits to the temple that they

ous attention as if there were nothing In London we watched him face have never sought attention beyond else more important than that parwith ease a battery of newspaper that given to other patrons. Their

ticular persons particular problem at and television men and bear testiunassuming and reverent conduct is that particular time. mony to them. In both temples we a tribute to their parents and grandSuch are some cherished and unheard him give counsel that was parents—President and Sister David

forgettable impressions of a deeply inspiring and offer prayers of dedi- O. McKay.

beloved person—President David O. cation that were solemn and beautiMcKay—who has blessed my life ful and moving. BY JOHN LONGDEN

with the tenderness of a loving In eleven languages today the father and with the wisdom and worthy of the Church are enjoying m | ollowing President George Aljudicious consideration of a very the blessings of the temple because #y bert Smith's passing, when wise and just judge, in matters small of the inspiration that has come m we knew the cloak of auand great, and always with patience through him. thority had fallen upon Presiand encouragement and a sympa- I recall a little widow in New Zeadent David O. McKay, one of our

thetic understanding that looks to land, the mother of seventeen chilyoung daughters said almost immethe faith and upbuilding of the indidren. Her husband was gone. A diately, "Daddy, I feel impressed that

vidual with unfailing kindness and number of her children were gone. we should pray for President McKay

consideration. As she knelt about the altar with because he has such a big job."We

the beautiful children who were left were deeply touched and impressed

BY GORDON B. HINCKLEY* to her and received the assurance with the prayer that was uttered by

that all that she had lost would also this young girl that night. President

short time ago while doing be hers, she wept. And all who were McKay had been a great force for

some research in missionary with her on that sacred occasion in good in our lives and also in the records of the Church, I that dedicated room, wept also. lives of Sister Longdens parents.A came across the appraisal As I have witnessed these and It seems so right to us to know that

made by Elder David O. McKay's many more inspiring situations durnow he had become the living

mission president when he coming the past six months in these mouthpiece of the Lord in the earth pleted his first mission in the British widely scattered lands, I have felt today, but we were doubly pleased

Isles. That appraisal reads as to sing with that convert from the that our daughter realized the imfollows: steel mills of Sheffield: "We thank portance and gravity of the calling

"As a speaker: Good. thee, O God, for a prophet, to guide of a prophet of God.

"As a writer: Good. us in these latter days."Soon this young lady grew into

"As a presiding officer: Very good. lovely womanhood and was mar-

"Has he a good knowledge of the BY ELRAY I. CHRISTIANSEN ried to a fine young man for time

gospel? Yes. cts of kindness, courtesy, and and eternity in the Salt Lake Tem-

"Has he been energetic? Very. consideration habitually pracple by President David O. McKay.

conference B. address Gordon by *From a tised President by, rolled she O. David Years and by was now

Hinckley, 1958 given at October ConGeneral little of others behalf the sons two on mother McKay andference. of A

760 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA You'll

The extra

of a Fall Vacation by Domeliner

COLORFUL AUTUMN is an ideal time to travel... and and Coach travel. Generous baggage checking allowance

for pure pleasure, Domeliner is the ideal way to go. on all tickets.

SCENERY is more romantic and beautiful viewed at HERE'S an added convenience. By rail, you leave (and

eyelevel through widevision Dome windows. arrive) DOWNTOWN. Plan a fall trip now. See your

DINING CAR MEALS are exciting adventures. Delicious nearby Union Pacific ticket agent for reservations.

foods of your choice, expertly prepared... an extra

treat in the AstraDome dining cars on the "City of UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD

Los Angeles,""City of Portland,"and "City of Denver."

ACCOMMODATIONS so restful and relaxing you'll wish UNION

DOMELINERS PACIFIC longer.the trip were legrest Your choice of economical

"CITY LOS ANGELES'* OF "THE CHALLENGER"RAILROAD toreserved or luxuriously seats—east quiet Coach and Chicago Omaha private and

Pullman rooms. Lounge cars also add to your travel "CITY—westOF toST.LasLOUIS"Vegas and Los Angeles

enjoyment.—east to Denver, Kansas City, St. Louis

—west to Las Vegas and Los Angeles

MONEYSAVING FAMILY FARES apply to both Pullman

SEPTEMBER 1963 761 carrying her third baby. She and BY ELDER ALVIN R. DYER other similar references to important

of principles as truth the President eastliving inher an were husband feel, shall as expressed always life. his in learned them had city further whileern completed he of in Dr. the words Hanns or posturing posing There no this was instudies. arriving after Soon international a noted Wacher all effort at or or declaiming I anycity, stricken with our daughter was architect GerMunich, from to to part President's the appear this on inpolio, others as 3,000 were state of beautiful in the many, role. filling a always he was As be year. that communitysame We that President our beloved Bavaria, in friendly natural and and warm so but paralyzed that she wasknew

is of Dr. truly prophet God. Hanns a his companionship. conversation and others, andwere we many many the to message responded Wacher left President After had girl we that our not beloved praycould restoration of the and became with Reuther walked Mr. McKay, especially blessed for when bewould of the Church. a few member A his a steps family while was few me sixty lungs iron sees and overone to America, ago he came months to Brother farewell Evans. bidding papolio filled with roomsmany it to privilege with and go was my his in tear a eye Mr. Reuther had realizationtients, to the one comes special with interview to a him that to said as enhe he had me othersthere countless are need who President Brother Wacher McKay. of association the joyed many men too. pray blessings, didspecial We is well a English capable speaks and in of great and prominence America her husband, ourthat daughter and translator, already having completed said the of world, parts other but parents, the we, have her wouldand for translation the fine work some like that."a "I he, never met man take our to whateverfortitude to the English from German. Church later, Mr. minutes Reuther few A us. in granted hisFather wisdom his took never interview he the In said, "I think our generation not do is very story personal and My off the eyes President At McKay. like that."will a ever produce man all to in our sacredbeautifully famvisit, left of Brother the Wacher end university a held luncheon At byily, beloved approphet as but our

first, of the President the and room little officials later a time Mr. when I ninetieth birthday, hisproaches to leave the I President as passed of to large a spoke group Reuther to experience with our sharewish of said Brother the he Wacher, room, townsfolk, college people he and I thisothers. great sure man am as hand, clasped he warmly "He my these verbatim. remarks repeated He "publishing life throughhas gone

is truly a man."good like again, a "I said never met man exercising thepeace"powers and of into I with walked Wacher Hanns I that. think generation not our do withholds priesthood whichthe he the he stopped reception where room like that."will a produce man to the beginningout number know into face moist with looking and my

lives experiblessed. he has Ourof will "I to declared: back go eyes

I leaving asence: morning L. was One BY BISHOP ROBERT SIMPSON testify will Bavaria and beloved my to apan keepthe church offices friends, relatives, and my to my visiting in Zealand Presidentpointment, New was T hile McKay / into that looked I have neighbors April the 1958 purpose building. forentering Immediately the 11/ for of of the face a Prophet God, the is dedicatory daughter asked of attending your me,he "How ff is of truly a prophet God."he services the Zeahisgetting Regardless along?"of New of

arduous tasks and weighty probBY PRESIDENT MARION D. HANKS land Temple, I had a spiritual exlems, he was solicitous to ask this perience that has had special meanquestion. I told him I had just years ago, Elder Richard L. ing to me.received a letter from Sister LongSomeEvans and I were privileged All of my life I had been raising

den, telling me that the doctor in to participate in a meeting of my right arm to the square in susthe hospital had said he wished he President McKay with Mr. taining the presidencies of the

could promise us she would walk Walter Reuther, a widely known Church as prophets, seers, and reveagain, but he couldn't. Sister Longand very powerful labor leader in lators. The term "prophet"had

den further indicated that her spirits the United States. Mr. Reuther was definite meaning as did the term

were high. That was all there was accompanied by his wife and two "revelator"but the term "seer"was

to say about her condition. This daughters. fust a little illusive in my mind, as

kind, gentle, loving man took both The meeting in the office of the I had not taken the time to anchor my hands in his and looking me First Presidency was pleasant and its-, true significance firmly to my straight in the eye as only he can informal. There was some discusunderstanding.

look and said quietly, "She will sion of communism and its impact It was the third day of dedication.

walk. She will walk."Just a simple in labor relations and of other matAll of the meetings had been exstatement, but uttered by a prophet ters of contemporary interest. Presitremely spiritual, and all who had

of God, it became a solemn promdent McKay related to the Reuthers participated in this special tour were ise! Today she walks, is well and his experience as a boy in the fields so grateful to be a part of this hisstrong, the mother of four lovely at Huntsville when his father had toric occasion. On the third day of

children. instructed him and his brother dedication, I was walking by myself

We do not know why we were so Thomas to take the large tenth for down the hallway of this lovely temblessed. We only know we have tithing from the best fruits of the ple when a friend intercepted me

seen the influence and power of the field, rather than doing what the as I walked past one of the sealing priesthood many times, but we teenage boys had thought fair—that rooms. He invited me to step inside,

treasure this one special blessing is, to give the Lord the tenth load and I was completely overwhelmed pronounced by a prophet of God as from whatever section of the field to notice that the only other people a very sacred gift. they were reaping. There were in the room were President and

762 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA n the happy occasion of President David 0. McKay's

90th birthday, the University of Utah is proud to offer warmest congratulations to a distinguished alumnus.

Below: President and Mrs. David 0. McKay

and their family, all alumni of the University of Utah.

Above: The 1894 University of Utah football team.

Back row, second from left, is David O. McKay.

Below: 1951 honorary degree recipients,

University of Utah. From left, Wilson McCarthy,

David 0. McKay and James W. Collins.

Above: David O. McKay and University

of Utah president, A. Ray Olpin.

UNIVERSITY OF UTAH

Salt Lake City 12, Utah

SEPTEMBER 1963 763 Sister McKay. My friend said: Presivery special meeting in this very were prepared to return with my

dent McKay, this is one of our special place registered indelibly on family to my former mission field, returned New Zealand missionaries, my mind, although it was quite by New Zealand, to preside over the

Brother Simpson."The President chance and completely unarranged. people I loved so much. President

extended his firm right hand, and During the ensuing days and McKay went on to remind me that placing his left hand on my shoulder weeks, the memory of this introducwe had had a personal interview in looked into my eyes and, more than tion kept reoccurring. It was vivid, the New Zealand Temple at the

that, into every fiber of my being. clear, and comforting, to say the time of the dedication (as though 1

My feeling at the time was one of least. Approximately three months needed reminding—this choice opcomplete peace, my entire being later while sitting in my office in portunity I could never forget). He

seemed accelerated. After a few Los Angeles, my telephone rang, said that based on our interview, he

seconds, he gave my hand a friendly and after a brief confirmation by had fe%t impressed to issue this call.

pump, my shoulder a squeeze, and the long distance operator, the voice Following the brief conversation said, "Brother Simpson, I am pleased on the other end of the line said, and after regaining my composure, to know you."Not, "I am pleased to "This is David O. McKay speaking."I thought to myself how unlike the

meet you,"but, "I am pleased to There could be no mistake as to business world. Had I been conknow you."Every detail of this this kindly voice. I was asked if I sidered by my company to take

charge of an overseas operation, surely there would have been many questionnaires to be filled out and hours of personal interviewing by department heads and personnel "THE CORROSION OF people.

VULGARITY. erndayIn the prophetwork of canthe Lord,look intoa modthe

eyes of a fellow church member and search his very soul without as much as a question being asked, but

RICHARD L. EVANS even though there were no verbal

questions on this occasion in April

Some sixty years ago, David Starr Jordan wrote these widely published of 1958, there must have been many words: "The gauntlet of obscene suggestion..."he said, "is one of the most answers, perceptive only to the

terrible our children have to face. We judge the wickedness of Pompeii by heart and mind of one ordained a

evil signs and paintings, which the baptism of fire and eighteen centuries of prophet, seer, and revelator.

burial have failed to purify. They are still mute witnesses of a personal deDuring the October 1962 general

generation toward which they once served to entice. If [our cities] were to conference, two of the young presibe buried today, some future generation would judge us thus severely. The dents of the seventy had just

vulgar... suggestions of vice and crime, might be mute witness to the social concluded giving outstanding condecay.... They do not tell the whole story... but their testimony is honest ference addresses, after which Presiso far as it goes. It is the call to unearned pleasures, the call to degradation, dent Hugh B. Brown nudged

and our children as they pass cannot choose but listen [and] grow old before President McKay and said: "Presitheir time... from the corrosion of vulgarity and obscene suggestion.... dent, isn't it wonderful to feel the

Its effect is shown in precocious knowledge [and] the loss of the bloom of spirit of these young men and to youth.... To be vulgar is to do that which is not the best of its kind. It is recognize their capabilities? Certo do poor things in poor ways, and to be satisfied with that.... It is vultainly the Church will be in good

gar to like poor music, to read weak books, to feed on sensational [publicahands after you and I are gone."

tions]... to find amusement in trashy novels, to enjoy vulgar theaters, to President McKay turned to President

find pleasures in cheap jokes, to tolerate coarseness and looseness.... We Brown quickly with the comment:

find the corrosion of vulgarity everywhere, and its poison enters every home. "Where are you going? I am not

The [streets] of our cities are covered with its evidences, our newspapers are going any place''It demonstrates redolent with it, our storybooks reek with it.... It is the hope of civilization his vitality for doing the job at hand

that [we] may outgrow the toleration of vulgarity, but we have a long with no thought for tomorrow.

struggle before us.... The forces which make for vulgarity tend also toward obscenity, for all vulgarity tends to grow obscene.... This vice is like BY PRESIDENT BENJAMIN I.

the pestilence. Wherever it finds lodgment it kills. It fills the mind with BOWRING

vile pictures, which will come up again and again, standing in the way of PRESIDENT, LOS ANGELES TEMPLE all healthful effort... by the utter decay... of the habit of obscenity."1

forthright the courageous, educator,Such were of an eminent words arand Sister McKay conPresident vulgarity,cerning Profanity, obscenity: a pernicious problem. If we don't in Dallas, plane rived by

rid them from our lives they will rob us of some things we can least afford Texas, April 25, 1953, to dedito lose. cate the new Dallas chapel.

A small group of church members xDavid Starr Jordan, Quest for Unearned Happiness. was at the airport to meet them.

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the Columbia Arriving on the same plane were

Broadcasting System, June 23, 1963. Copyright 1963. other dignitaries, and the waiting

764 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 1963 BYU SCHEDULE IIYII DATE OPPONENT TIME: (MST)

SEPT. 21 KANSAS STATE 12:30 P.M.

SEPT. 28 ARIZONA 8:00 P.M. FOOTBALL OCT. 5 MONTANA 8:00 P.M.

YOU'LL FIND EXCITING ACTION REPORTS IN THE 13TH OCT. 12 UTAH 8:00 P.M.

1:30 P.M. 1:30YEAR OF BYU FOOTBALL BROADCASTS ON THE BIG K. OCT.NOV. 192 WYOMINGUTAH STATE U.

FOLLOW THE COUGARS TO KANSAS, ARIZONA, CALINOV. 9 GEO. WASH. 11:30P.M.A.M.

FORNIA, WYOMING AND NEW MEXICO AS THEY MEET NOV. 16 U. OF PACIFIC 7:00 P.M.

SOME OF THE NATION'S BEST AT HOME AND AWAY. NOV. 23 COLO. ST. U. 1:30 P.M.

1:30 P.M. THE ACTION IS ON. NOV. 30 NEW MEXICO

SEPTEMBER 1963 76S P.L.C. landscape co.

rooms were crowded. As we were dent McKay heard of his tragic

designing, remodeling gathered with a large group watchdeath, he expressed his desire to and complete landscaping ing the passengers disembark, Presiattend the funeral service. When

service by professional dent McKay stood in the doorway he arrived, he came directly to our landscape architects of the plane giving his usual wave home. After visiting with us for

of greeting. A silence came over some time, he gave my wife and me

the crowd as they observed his a marvelous blessing. Someone had

handsome countenance. Comments told him that we had several years

were passed among them: previously lost another son and this

"Look at that handsome gentleleft us without any boys. In this

man! blessing he promised us that we

"I wonder who he is."would be father and mother to many

"My, what an unusual man."young people. This seemed to

One of them a total stranger puzzle us in a measure because we deeply impressed just in seeing our couldn't understand, but later when beloved President, spoke to be heard he called us to assume the responsiby most of those around him: bility of directing the North Central

"If ever a man looked like a States Mission we could see the prophet, that man must be one!"fulfilment of this blessing. The

It was my privilege to inform him blessing also stated that we would that truly he had recognized a have comfort and consolation and prophet of the Lord. that we should not grieve about this

boy and our former son, that some: BY PRESIDENT WILLIAM L. time the Lord would compensate

maas & grassli landscape architects KILLPACK for the sorrow that had come into

PRESIDENT, IDAHO FALLS TEMPLE our lives.

As the funeral cortege left our half a a block and was which home, of that 1931 Aposin August was provo 3738323 the tabernacle stake where the from to O. David came McKay It tle 3992931 ogden Presito conducted, services be were the to the represent Stake Teton

salt 4664746 lake city Choules President and dent McKay at stake Authorities General our conference. I was serving as bishop led the procession with the high

of Driggs Ward at the time. priests'quorum of the stake followIt was my privilege, together with ing. I shall never forget that

other men of the ward, to arrange beautiful sight of men of the priest- a fishing trip after the conference. hood with their heads bared and anFILMS President McKay had his two apostle of the Lord leading them

teenage sons with him, Edward R. to the meetinghouse. The things

service said in the by that were Billie, who others have and McKay a PresidentAND PRINTED krrou hadand Robertjust recentlyR. Mybeenson ordained

For any 6, 8 or 12 Exposure B 4 W Roll deacon, was also with this group. been very helpful to us to underJUMBO PRINTS only 35c per Roll After a brisk morning ride we stand the purpose of death and the

arrived on the upper portion of the reason why this boy was taken us. from River. GrosVentre breakfast After COLOR FILM I refer served, Crystal to was we went DEVELOPING Creek that flows down through a found in toMatthew,the words"Verilyof the SaviorI say

are that born them unto you, Among valley. fishing beautiful open The KODACOLOR risen a not hath there of women the hole chosen where party had Roll per 8-Exposure

Dev. and Printing $2.55 roll President McKay was to start fishgreater than John the Baptist":

Roll per to para- I would like (Matt. 11:11.) ing. As President hook hit McKay's

Printing Dev.1 2-Exposureand $3.00 to scripture this particular roll the a phrase water, he immediately caught Reprints Color 20c each

COLOR SLIDES beautifulThe catchthreepoundof this fish nativegave himtrout.a read,men that"Of allit hasthe prophetsbeen my andprivilegegreat

Slides Color 135 mm per real exp., Dev. and 20 Mount $ 1.35 roll Wethrill.visited and fished at this hole tononeknowgreaterand associateborn of with,womentherethanis Slides Color per 135 mm

36 exp., Dev. and Mount $2.40 roll for a half hour or so and caught the present Prophet of the ChurchColor Movie President David O. McKay."fish. designated This hole was per more

8 mm, 25'Roll $1.35 rol'as the Hole"and is known "McKay

MIDDLEMISS BY CLARE years After thirty today. as such

MC KAY TO PRESIDENTGENEALOGY PHOTOS this in SECRETARY first fishing incident remains of NEGATIVES OLD MADE of President and the memory McKay each. PRINTS 60c PHOTOS, the t a meeting during the formal inquires about very often he each 4c off NEGATIVE, Columbia of the opening Hole.""McKay Send coin only - no C.O.D.'s Factory Sugar River Basin year our son Billie The following MoneyBack Guarantee was accidentally killed. When Presi- A in October 1953, a prominent

SAM'SP. O. Box 1 1 1 5 Dept.PHOTOAA Salt Lake City,LABUtah

766 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA For Modern Designs, Gladding, McBean Face Brick

Modern design often blends old and new, mixes In any residence, Face Brick gives you construcvaried materials. With Face Brick, architects can tion strength, durability, lowcost maintenance,

achieve effects in mass, line and surface treatment summer coolness, winter warmth, varied textural attainable in no other way. And precisionpressed interest in surface treatment, and a substantial apGladding, McBean Face Brick combines effectively pearance. Gladding, McBean Face Brick assures

with all other modern building materials—concrete, uniformity in color, size and texture, so buildings

metal, tile, glass, ceramic veneer, rock—you name it! visibly achieve the lasting good looks the architect

offers the greatest Two Salt Lake City residences are pictured. In envisioned. And INTERPACE

that above, Gladding, McBean Clinton Rose Mat range of shapes, sizes, colors and textures, always

Face Brick sets off the delicate tracery of metal competitively priced.

grilles. In the background, a massive Face Brick

chimney combines with a rugged fieldstone wall.

In the home below, Gladding, McBean White FACE BRICK

Mica Split Roman Face Brick was used to contrast A Gladding, McBean building product by wall of rock, glass intervening awith random and an NTERNATIONALTERPACEPIPE & CERAMICS CORPORATION in panel. textural interNoticeblock a change how

est is attained by using a broken face Roman brick. SEATTLE/SPOKANE/SALTLOS ANGELES/SAN FRANCISCO/PORTLANDLAKE city/phoenix

SEPTEMBER 1963 767 NEW AMERICAN

.PAYS nOO WEEKLY.

TO YOU THOUSANDS OF READERS DRINKING WHO KNOW THAT AND SMOKING ARE HARMFUL!

You do not drink or smoke... so why pay premiums for those who do?

all do. Here's hospital the world. you your Choose for those penalty pay the Why

addition other in to any own! We inpay right. at the application the Fill out or smoke? drink who carry. insurance you pay we And Enclose the low rates! amazingly Notice

Every day you pick up the paper you direct to you in cash... tax free! it in an envelope and mail to American

read more evidence that drinking and We send out our payments to you Air Temperance Associates, Box 131, Liberty - smoking can shorten life. Because they Mail Special so you have cash in hand ville, Illinois. Upon approval, you will get

are among America's leading health probfast. And there is no limit on the numyour policy promptly by mail, and coverlems—leading to cancer, heart trouble, ber of times you can collect. age begins at noon on the effective date

sinus trouble, liver trouble and many of your policy. No salesman will call.

they're other a prime almost 50,000 Don't delay! Every day diseases—cause of 2) We cover all sicknesses hospitalizaday, the high one of rates most enter hospitals. people premium Any

tion plans charge. But why should you pay and accidents. them could be you. Protect yourself bethe price for those who drink or smoke? Your policy covers you for every confore it's too late!

You no longer have to! Here's why. ceivable kind of accident and sickness

except pregnancy; any act of war or lwsm!mmm;mmki

Our rates are based militarytions; or hospitalizationservice; preexistingcaused bycondiuse

on your superior health of liquor or narcotics. Everything else

possibly that could to happen you HospiTemperance American new The You'll covered. as never be protected is MONEYBACK is drinkers offered to talization not Plan low rates! amazingly before—at rates of the high because smokers, and GUARANTEE whole cause. bring a they can you We

new set of rates that are unbelievably 3) Other benefits for loss within Read over your policy carefully.

your good on they're based because low 90 days of accident Ask your minister, lawyer and nonsmoker. health as a nondrinker and

Also, your American Temperance premi- (as described in policy) doctor to examine it. Be sure it

ums can never be raised because you grow provides exactly what we say it cash for accidental $2,000 pay claims. older or Only have a We too many

death. cash for loss of does. Then, if for any reason at pay $2,000 could rate general adjustment up We or down

affect your low rates! And only you can one hand, one foot, or sight of one eye. all you are not 100% satisfied,

for loss cash pay $6,000 cancel your policy. We cannot. We of both just mail your policy back to us

feet. eyes, hands, or both both

will imwithin 30 days and we HERE ARE YOUR AMERICAN entire premediately refund your We invite close comparison TEMPERANCE PLAN BENEFITS with any other plan. mium. No questions asked. You

1) You receive $100 weekly—There really is no other plan like ours. can gain thousands of dollars...

even for life But compare our rates with others for you risk nothing.

similar coverage. Discover for yourself

The very day you enter a hospital you what you save. And remember, there is

begin to get $100 a week cash... as no limit on how long you stay in the hoslong as you are hospitalized, even for pital, no limit on age, no limit on the numlife! Good in any lawfully operated ber of times you can collect!

768 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA TEMPERANCE PLAN LIFE!EVEN FOR

Here at last is a new kind of hospitalization plan for nondrinkers and nonsmokers only! The rates are fantastically low because

"poor risk"drinkers and smokers are excluded. And because your

health is superior... there is absolutely no age limit, no physical

examination, no waiting period. Only you can cancel your policy...

and no salesman will ever call! Starting from the very first

day you enter any hospital...

SEND FOR YOUR POLICY NOW BEFORE IT'S TOO LATE!

121 APPLICATION TO IMPORTANT:CHECKFIRSTTABLEPREMIUMBELOWWITHAND APPLICATIONINCLUDE YOUR i PIONEER LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY, ROCKFORD, ILLINOIS

FOR AT300 LOOK AT THESE AMERICAN TEMPERANCE HOSPITALIZATION POLICY

Name (PLEASE PRINT) AMERICAN TEMPERANCE LOW RATES

Street or RD # Pay Monthly Pay Yearly

City.Zone..County,.State.

Age Date of Birth.

Month Day Year Each child 18 $080

Occupation.Height,.Weight. and under pays Beneficiary Relationship. 2 28

I also apply for coverage for the members of my family listed below:

NAME AGE HEIGHT WEIGHT BENEFICIARY Each adult $Q80 1. 1964 pays 3 38 2.

Each adult $C90 To the best of your knowledge and belief, are you and all members listed above in good health 65100 pays 5 '59 and free from any physical impairment, or disease? Yes No

To the best of your knowledge, have you or any member above listed had medical advice or treatment, or have you or they been advised to have a surgical operation in the last five years? SAVE TWO MONTHS PREMIUM BY PAYIN6 YEARLY!

give details so, please stating No Yes person affected, cause, date, name and Q If physician, fully recovered. whether attending and address of

Mail this application with your first premium to

AMERICAN Neither I nor any person listed above uses tobacco or alcoholic beverages, and I hereby apply for a policy based on the understanding that the policy does not cover conditions originating its effective to prior date, and that the policy is issued solely and entirely in reliance upon the TEMPERANCE ASSOCIATES written to the questions. answers above

Date: Signed: X Box 131, Libertyville, Illinois

AT- 1 AT

SEPTEMBER 1963 769 A TOTAL ELECTRIC businessman (not a member of the can feel that way about our PresiChurch) was asked by one of our dent, how much more should you

GOLD stake presidents in the Northwest and I respond to the loving service how he had enjoyed the meeting, he is rendering to each of us here and he answered: "Well, it was on earth.

MEDALLION pretty dry until that whitehaired I know that I have had the great gentleman got up and began to privilege of serving a man of God, speak, and then I was very inter- a great and inspired leader; a man

in the sacredness believes intently I listened and ested. kept and who HOME

is individual, dignity of the that and whose saying to myself, 'Why, man a prophet; I am actually listening to most fervent desire is that we should

a prophet!''The stake president gain eternal happiness through servspoke up and said: "He is in very ice to our fellow, men, to the Church,

deed a prophet; he is the prophet, and to our Lord and Savior

seer, and revelator of The Church Jesus Christ.

of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints."Often people ask me what imThe business leader was greatly presses me most about President

surprised because he did not even McKay. It is almost impossible to

know that there was such a man as find words to portray the depth and a prophet living in this day and age. breadth of his lofty character. There

On April 13, 1955, a leading offiis a spirituality radiating from him

A wonderful new cial of the General Motors Corporathat is ofttimes felt by even the way to live tion made a courtesy call on stranger who visits him. He keeps

President McKay. As he left the himself spiritually tuned to heavenly

building, he turned to the gentlethings. His benevolent kindliness

man who accompanied him to the and warm sympathy towards those office and said, "There is the most who are suffering or who are beUTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. Godlike man I have ever met. If reaved, his sincerity and friendliBuy iiqw from your dealer you wanted to make a man in the ness, his keen interest in people, and

image of God, there is the pattern."love for children are dominant

It is a humbling experience indeed characteristics.

to have the privilege to serve as I remember the first day I walked secretary to President David O. into his office to begin my duties,

McKay, a man in whom even nonfrightened at the prospects of workmembers of the Church recognize ing for a member of the First Presitone greatness,traits of character.humility, andHowGodlikemuch dency.and the Heconfidencegave me thatencouragementI could do

in the hismoreinfluenceshould andwe knowwho comeof his divineunder hasthe beenjob whichconsideratewas beforeand neverme. deHe

finest calling recognize his great example manding. There have always been

and try to follow his teachings a "thank you"and expressions of tradition which he so truly lives himself. It appreciation for work accomplished.

would be wonderful if we could I have been a witness to the feel as does one of the leading despair that has been on the countemedical men of this country who nances of many men and women wrote to President McKay after havwho have entered his office and have ing heard him deliver the comseen the transformation as they left—

mencement address at the Temple a look of hope, of renewed deUniversity in Philadelphia and asked termination to surmount their him for an autographed photograph. difficulties, and to live better and

President McKay responded to his nobler lives.

request, and this notable doctor His tenderheartedness for those wrote back to thank President Mcwho are ill or in trouble is beyond

Kay, saying: "Permit me to express expression. Space will not permit

my sincere thanks for your photome to enumerate the unnumbered

Worshipful, inspiring tone in graph which fills a most prominent acts of kindnesses performed by this the tradition, of the world's place in my 'Hall of Fame.'I shall noble soul during fiftyseven years

great organs for every requireever appreciate your kindness, and as a General Authority.

ment.. in every price range. as I look daily into the face of a I have marveled at President

Visit our studio for a tonal great man of God, whose integrity McKay's neverending services. His

the of Allen demonstration is little and genuineness unquestioned, kindness to children who,.. "the that organ sounds I receive perhaps additional through the years called at may have the

like an organ"to strength better serve tears. humanity office has to us moved Just

and the Great Physician above."as much attention is given to the

SUMMERHAYS MUSIC If a nonmember of the Church child, if not more so, than to the 3719 South State

Salt Lake City, Utah

770 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Some of our stockholders work at night

Communist workers must find it very hard to undermore than $1.50 for every $1.00 deposited by employees.

stand that an American can be an employee and also When a Standard Oiler retires, dividends from his an owner of the business. accumulated stock add to his other retirement benefits.

For instance: All Standard Oilers who are 35 or older, The Employee Stock Plan is now the largest single

and have 5 years of service, may invest a portion of their holder of Standard Oil stock.

pay in Standard shares if they wish, through monthly Yes, the husky fellows on that night drilling crew are deposits in our Employee Stock Plan. Standard Oil stockholders. They own a piece of the

The Company adds a contribution, which has averaged Company, and share in its profits.

Planning ahead to serve you better

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA

SEPTEMBER 1963 771 mother or father. He leans down, SPECIAL NO. CALIF. takes the child's hand, asks him his

name, how old he is, and if he is approaching eight years of age, he says: "And what is going to happenALLLDS coSce TRAIN

* SPECIAL round trip to you when you are eight years of age?"Nearly always the child's face 10 day return SPECIAL brightens up as he says, "I am going

privilege to be baptized!"Now in his

SPECIAL low LDS rates ninetieth year, as the responsibilities

SPECIAL "Testimonial are even greater than ever before, cars"(return and as his duties have multiplied, trip under directhis is a choice moment all cannot tion of LDS have, and it grieves President Mcleader) Kay that it cannot be so.

SPECIAL firsttime No. I honor President McKay for his

Calif. Conferdevotion to the great responsibilities

ence train Stakes, Wards, Quorums, all LDS thatyears.haveLongbeenbeforehis manythroughoutof us havethe

members invited awakened, he has been at the office to ride the WESTERN PACIFIC and has accomplished a day's work*$36<>o Streamliner in "special"cars. before most of us have arrived. Then

stops Scheduled for LDS Departs starts, his hours are our day October 3 when trip fare round complete 11:00 a.m. 1:40 San p.m. Stockton consultameetings filled with and (including tax) Francisco p.m. 2:35 Sacramento

tions decisions important perwhere p.m. 3:18 Marysville 11:45 a.m. Oakland

Bishop, Stake or contact yourPhone taining jurisdiction to the of general p.m. 3:50 Oroville

representative, President, or LDS

Friday, Arrives October 4, the taxing made, have been Church Rauwolf Frank a.m.. Salt 5:25 Lake City his limit. the to energy nervous

trip Return 526 Mission Street, Salt departs in of the evening, most Then when City 10:15 p.m., 5, Calif, Lake

leisure hours, for enjoying us are Sunday,WESTERN PACIFIC $"FranciscoYUkon 2-2100 October 6 many years he has been visiting hospitals, administering to the sick, speaking at meetings, having consultations with people, or preparing for the countless speaking Their Flag Flew sermons appointments scheduled for months on Iwo ]ima ahead.

In gathering together and preFollow their vastservingstorein ofscrapbooksclippings, speeches,and diariesedi-a tradition by flying torials,cerningspecialthe activitiesletters, andof notes,Presidentconyour flag on every impressedMcKay, I withhave thebeenmagnitudeprofoundlyof national, state and theserviceworkrenderedaccomplishedby him. and the

local holiday. heHishas recordspersonallyshowinterviewedthat since more1936,

Always be menthan andfifteen"womenhundredfrom distinguishedall over the is in addition to the officers a good world.thousandsThisof church and

American laymenHis travelswhom throughouthe has met. the world

in company with Sister McKay to visit stakes, wards, missions, and branches of the Church, and his great missionary service are wellknown. One thousand four hundred

and fortythree major addresses have been delivered by him since his appointment to the First Presidency of the Church. He has attended and

spoken at hundreds of funeral services. Numerous church edifices,

One of America's Great Newspapers

772 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA tip to menAtimely who are not neurosurgeons

Wgj

Doctors know about the special store, there is a Farmers Insurance use it, if you wish. You can pay for

insurance offered by Farmers Insurplan to fit your needs. ALL your Farmers insurance with

ance Group. Many hospital staff Farmers provides complete coverjust one check each month. You keep

doctors—and hospitals—are proage—liability, fire and theft, special your money working for you and

tected by insurance especially prelife, vehicles and equipment, even avoid depletion of your operating pared for the profession by Farmers. protection against loss of income.. capital. It's just the thing to keep

keel, budgets on an even This message is directed to men all at low, low rates. personal to too. It's use good business

in other fields—men in business, to And Farmers personal lines offer Farmers Prematic Payment Plan.

be specific. you the best coverage at low cost in

Farmers writes specialized poliLIFE insurance, fire insurance for Let your Farmers Agent prove to is the best insurthat Farmers home and its contents and AUTO you cies for all kinds of business—each your ance buy in Amerinsurance. policy customtailored to the hazards

ica today. that are peculiar to that business. NEW PAYMENT PLAN IS BEST

Whether you are a contractor, own FOR BUSINESSMEN, TOO. Farmers Call your Farmers%

an appliance store or a flower shop, exclusive Prematic Payment Plan Agent for ALL i run a service station or a clothing lets you pay for protection as you your insurance

Fast -Fan -Friendly Farmers Insurance Group

AUTO LIFE FIRE HOME TRUCK COMMERCIAL

SEPTEMBER 1963 773 temples, seminary buildings, and comforts of travel that now exist of many thousands of members of civic structures have been dedicated were unknown. the Church.

by him, During this period, one Throughout all this unselfish servPresident McKay has a delightful thousand or more young couples ice, individual members of the sense of humor and enjoys to hear have had the honor of being united Church have not been neglected—or tell stories of Scottish origin.

in marriage by him in the house of thousands have been the recipients Often, when he is conversing with the Lord. This does not include the of his counsel, advice, and adminisgroups of prominent business or

thousands of unrecorded little acts tration. His understanding of the professional men who have called

of kindness performed by him, nor human heart and his incomparable to pay their respects, one may hear the untold services performed durtenderness have drawn people close a burst of hearty laughter coming ing the early period of his career to him, and his deep interest and from the room. President McKay

when he traveled thousands of miles concern in their welfare have won no doubt has told them one of his by land and sea at a time when the for him the loyalty, love, and respect enjoyable jokes, probably in Scottish dialect. It is natural for President

McKay to look on the bright side of life, and many times he has cheered the day for the secretaries by his amusing stories. He puts himself

in tune with life and accepts what-..."ever comes with good grace. I "LEST WE FORGET

RICHARD L. EVANS PROMISE

When one finds a desirable product he would well look to the process by BY THELMA IRELAND which that product was produced. And having been so greatly blessed, it

would be well to look to the foundations of our freedom to see by what The day is soggy, somber, dark.

process it came to us through our founding fathers. First there is a recognition of unalienable rights—unalienable because they are Godgiven. John It wears a dull gray snood.

Foster Dulles said: "Institutions of freedom will not survive unless they are The wind writhes through rainladen

constantly replenished by the faith that gave them birth."1 And we would trees

do ourselves, and all mankind, and all posterity a grave injustice if we failed to acknowledge the source. "Therefore, let the Nation search itself, as never As if to match my mood.

before to discover if it be worthy of these great gifts."- The Mayflower And then along the glistening green

are underbegins: "In of God, whose names the nameCompact We There shows a scrap of blue.

... for the glory undertaken, gracewritten,.Having.. of God,... by the

'wades through theof God, and advancement of the Christian faith and honor of our King and The breeze of in the... these presents presence solemnlyCountry, and mutually do by."3 sodden trees

.. together. ourselves another, of covenant one and combineGod, and

"The event is in the hand of God,"4 acknowledged Washington in his fareTo lead the sunshine through.

well address. And "We believe that governments were instituted of God

for the benefit of man; and that he holds men accountable for their acts in

relation to them...."3 Have we not reached a time for prayer for repentance, and for recognition of the fact that what we have and are is Godgiven? And only by the help of the God of our Fathers can we hope to cannot remember ever hearing a

solve the problems and avoid the pitfalls of the present. In the words of a complaint from him. If he is ill or

distinguished jurist: "Belief and understanding of the relationship between feeling out of sorts, no one knows

God and man, of man's dependence on God, are the great needs of today.... about it; if he is pressed from every

God grant that in his infinite mercy, in his love for his erring children, that side with telephone calls, consultaspirit of belief and understanding may come to us... ere it is too late."s tions, long meetings, irritating probWe here acknowledge the God to whom our father gave great gratitude. lems, and interruptions when trying

No less than they—perchance much more—we need humility, faith, gratitude, to do some writing or special work,

and an honest searching of ourselves. Thank God that we can still thank there is a calmness about him that

God for all that he has given. "Lord God of hosts, be with us yet, Lest we no one would ever suspect that his

forget... Judge of the nations, spare us yet, Lest we forget!"7 nerves might be on edge or that he

is pressed for time.

Dulles, of State. Secretaryijohn Foster American life—he loves the sunHe enjoys

Editorial, Nov., Outlook, 1902. The 29

shine, the rains, the snowstorms, the Nov., 1620. 11sMayflower Compact,

4George5D&C 134:1.Washington's Farewell Address. hot weather—all are enjoyable in

J. Reuben Clark, Jr., Our Dwindling Sovereignty. their seasons to him. It is an in7Rudyard Kipling, Recessional spiration to see this great man go

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the Columbia about his daily work with its

Broadcasting System, June 30, 1963. Copyright 1963. weighty responsibilities and prob774 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

suggestion for people who don't get our Guaranteed Radiator Protection (early).

While you're at it, better order a spare engine block, just in case. Better still, drain your radiator and don't drive your car this winter. Or, ifyou

really don't care to go to all this bother, give in and get our GRP—Guaranteed Radiator Protection. We check your cooling system, install

A TLASPERMA-G(JARD—even supply free refills, if needed, to maintain your level of protection from now till next April. And J&l

(American)you get to wear your coat. You expect more from American—and you get it. Your American AMERICAN OIL COMPANYOH Dealer

SEPTEMBER 1963 775 lems, little and great, with such dignity, kindness, and gentlemanliness.

I have never heard a sharp, cross word pass his lips. I have never

heard him say or do the unkind thing. One day I asked him how

he managed to keep such control of himself, and he answered: "I learned

many years ago that you do not have to answer for what you do not say. What is the use of saying

the unkind thing; you do not gain a

thing by it. I learned, when I was

tempted to say the unkind, thoughtless thing, to put my tongue way back in my mouth and clamp my teeth down on it; and each time I

did that, it was easier the next time not to say the unkind, hurtful thing."

AUTUMN FARMSTEAD

BY SOLVE1G PAULSON RUSSELL

Mr. Roy R. Earl, Construction Superintendent,

Holladay LDS Chapel and Recreation Hall, The rose hips dot the brier

Salt Lake City. Architects: Jackson & Sharp, A.I.A. Where summers blossoms grew,

Roof decking easily AndThe weedsall alonghavethechangedfence rowstheir hue.

brittle and dry rustling applied to Rilco arches Now and beams by volunteers GreetsTo hidethehis pheasantbrilliant plumageas he walks

In tired cornstalks.

"Rilco roof construction enabled us to use considerably more volunteer labor than is normally the case,"reports Mr. Roy Earl who supervised All across the orchard

construction for the 6th and 13th Wards in Salt Lake City. The wasted apples lie.

"The arches and beams were erected with little difficulty and the They blend their pungent fragrance roof decking was installed by inexperienced labor. This resulted in With Concords hanging high;

significant savings in the total construction costs,"he states. And in the bulging hoppers

Economical Rilco laminated wood arches and beams were precision Is piled the harvest's yield,

The miracle of increase fabricated and arrived ready for immediate installation. No additional Of faithful work and field.

cutting or fitting was required. The attractive appearance of the structural members and decking also resulted in further savings by eliminatNow all across the farmstead

ing the need for false ceilings. Finished natural, they provide a warm, There's a peaceful golden haze,

inviting atmosphere for worship and keep maintenance costs low. An autumn benediction

Investigate the advantages of using Rilco lamiFulfilled in autumn ways.

nated wood members in your building program.

Rilco service engineers will be happy to discuss Now President McKay has perfect your plans with you or your architect without oblicontrol of himself.

gation... and a helpful booklet President McKay often quotes

of construction ideas is availand truly lives the admonition given able, free. Write today. by the Lord in the 121st section of

the Doctrine and Covenants:

"We have learned by sad experience that it is the nature and disposition of almost all men, as soon as little authority, as they "Weyerhaeuser Company they get a

Rilco Engineered Wood Products Division suppose, they will immediately beBox B-558, Tacoma 1, Washington gin to exercise unrighteous dominion.

"No power or influence can orAPlease send your free Church Construction Idea Booklet. ought to be maintained by virtue of

Please have your Service Engineer contact us. the priesthood, only by persuasion,

Name. by longsuffering, by gentleness and

meekness, and by love unfeigned;

Ward- "By kindness, and pure knowlAddress,

City..Zone State..

776 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA It was pioneering in the truest sense when copper production from lowgrade ore began in Utah 59 years ago.

Traditional mining practices gave way to mass production pioneering methods—new techniques and equipment appeared

on the scene. The result was a great new and

spectacular industry for Utah. never

Today, Kennecott is engaged in a vast 100million dollar expansion program to increase copper production in Utah. ends... Again, pioneering is a vital, necessary tool for progress.

As one of many examples of pioneering in the expansion program, Kennecott research scientists delved into the production of precipitate copper, which is recovered from overburden dumps near the Bingham Canyon Mine.

These scientists developed new methods and equipment that will be a major factor in increasing precipitate copper production from the present level of 1800 tons a month to 6000 tons!

Kennecott's "pioneers of today"are creating a brighter future for copper production in Utah through the expansion program. Inevitably this insures a longer life for the economic

benefits that result from Kennecott's operations. Directly

and indirectly, these benefits reach all Utahns.

Kennecott Copper Corporation

SEPTEMBER 1963 777 Suddenly travelers to Europe edge, which shall greatly enlarge soul the without hypocrisy and are rediscovering the rewards of guile—without

sea travel on giant Cunard Queens ness,"Reprovingwhen movedbetimesupon withby thesharpHoly

Ghost; and then showing forth afterwards an increase of love toward

him whom thou hast reproved, lest he esteem thee to be his enemy";

(D&C 121:39, 4143.)

Many times as he has asked me to copy this quotation for him, he "X haspsychiatristremarked:could"Nogivephilosopherbetter advicenor 6sjjfJ|;M"

than that. This scripture alone

shows that the Prophet Joseph was inspired."divinely

Just recently as he was giving me*#*"3S-: "==;.|jK ||| W*'*":.S...S||.,

his diary, for President notes McKay

that taken a dementioned he had 's:-%>,,,:** ** **",...:; siMS fsi 9MRss 'B#:? * ** l| '* *P #*B **Si WW""**.:i* ** >U Jl.*| { |

lightful in invigorating the walk --* t% iiiiiiiiiiin of his beloved Huntsville, and howair he had enjoyed the songs of the various birds. He still loves to call

** "Sonny Boy"from the fields, and will occasionally take a ride him. on

R.M.S. Queen Elizabeth: 83,673 tons... world's largest liner family, his for love His love of life,

5 days of peace and space aplenty... and incomparable associates,He quietly andaffectsfriendsthe areloveinspiring.of those

British service—on the world's largest superliners. around him without his even being

aware of it, expecting no commendaOn the world's largest superThe Queen Elizabeth and Queen tion. His shining quality of goodradiates him, from and persons liners, Queen Elizabeth and Mary offer regular weekly express sailness feel his influence come under who

Queen Mary, you can stroll and play ings to France and England. where there was darkness, there is

on three full acres of deck space. There From Canada you can sail at low light; where there was cowardice,

are thirtyfive huge public rooms. rates on the great Cunarders Carinthia, there is courage; where there was

You'll enjoy the gracious, deft servCarmania and Franconia, from Montlistlessness, there is love of life. He

ice of efficient British stewards and real and Quebec to Irish, English, carrieskindness,withand himgenerositythe graciousness,of his life.

stewardesses; you'll delight in Cunard's French or Dutch ports. His liking for people, his instinctruly international choice of dishes at A cruise for every taste—and every tive ability to understand the other

every meal. purse! Cunard has a complete cruise person's viewpoint, his belief in the

The Queens'smooth fiveday exprogram throughout the year. To the sacredness and importance of each

individual short a little him make to the to 18 days; Indies: 5 days West to crossings and Cherbourgpress

at relationof a genius personal

: to to 56 days; 25 days Mediterranean in time to relax give youSouthampton is ships. His legendary. charm

spacious comfort—to meet and talk to the North Cape: six weeks; around the When he enters a room or takes his

: 95 days. place at the pulpit, wherever it mayinteresting people—the human conworld

tacts that are always part of travel on a For all details, see your travel agent be, a ripple of emotion seizes those giant Cunarder. or use the coupon below. present; they catch his glow, his

love of life and of humanity. He is

beloved and revered by true members of the Church everywhere. His

Please send me details including 4-color brochures on: humility is altogether genuine. He

1. Cunard travel to Europe. I am interested in sailing is a true prophet of God.

First Class, Cabin, Tourist 2. Cunard Cruises: BY FLORENCE S. JACOBSON

to the West Indies, to the Mediterranean GENERAL PRESIDENT YWMIA to the North Cape, around the world of the choicest experiences Name. Oneof my life returns as a happy

memory, time after time, Ad dress. and brings to my mind the

City -Zone.. State. human and humorous side of a great

man of our day, a prophet of God.

The name of my travel agent is. (Continued on page 780)

Mail this coupon to Cunard Line, 210 Post St., San Francisco EX 2-1307

778 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA UPON A MOUNTAIN PEAK BY GEORGIA MOORE EBERLING

Upon a mountain peak in Darien

Balboa stood and glimpsed the great "south sea,"

That rolled away beyond Balboa's ken

In billowed waves of tumbled majesty.

Perhaps he never was again the same,

For he had seen infinity that hour,

And greater than reward or earthly fame

Is man's first meeting with supernal power.

Each soul must find, somewhere, a mountain peak

Where he may see the valley far below

And in that silence hear his Father speak,

In flaming bush or in the curved rainbow.

Each heart must find his "desert place apart,"

And sense God's presence deep within his heart.

END BABY'S STRUGGLE 4 WITH AIR COLIC!

A NBW AND A$y WAY TO HED WW BABY!

"THE BOTTLE THAT BREATHES"ENDORSED BY DOCTORS, scientific that enables development new The without HOSPITALS, MOTHERS, to feed easily your and naturally baby straining, and in less time. ORTHODONTISTS

ConHealthy and For a Happy, Help ELIMINATE AIR COLIC,

E-Z FEED THE tented Baby, ORDER YOUR

BUBBLES and BURPS NURSERS TODAY! IDEAL

Comes in 4 beautiful mixed colors - LASTING

ELIMINATE PINK, AQUA, WHITE and YELLOW,

STRUGGLING complete with Nipple. GIFT!

WITH VACUUM To: NURSER COMPANY, Dept. E

I 1991 1 E. Valley Blvd., Walnut, Calif.

The E-Z FEED NURSER is made of the new plastic that

FULLY isof odorless,Nipple ortastelessBottle. andCan nontoxic.be STERILIZEDNO COLLAPSINGBY BOILING, I Please$5.00 eachsend meset, post paid. setsI encloseof 4 Nurserscash with Nipplescheck at

without damage. Weighs less than 3 ozs. Opens at

money order for $. (No C.O.D. please). fast, for cleaning. easy, thorough endsTESTED both

fitting, protective a Nurser has snug cap which Name

AND keeps the nipple sterile while storing or traveling.

You never need to TOUCH the nipple after it is Address.

.State.PROVEN! -sterilized.ready to use.Nipple can always be in feeding position I City

SEPTEMBER 1963 779 (Continued from page 778) My husband was called to preside over the Eastern States Mission, and six short weeks after arriving in the mission field, we found ourselves at the Hill Cumorah, lending our time and energy in preparing for the annual historical Book of Mormon pageant. Over our radio loudspeakers came the warnings of

imminent storms of hurricane proportion. With dismay we looked at

each other hut realized that it had never rained on a Hill Cumorah pageant. And so, exercising our

faith, we went ahead with all preparations, trusting that the hurricane which was promised would pass us by.

The first day of the pageant presentation arrived, and with it the rains. As was customary, all of the

pageant participants, directors, and

in the Sacred Grove for an allday PREPARE FOR YOUR mission executives planned to meet session. testimony meeting Raincoats and rain caps were donned, FUTURE TODAY and pageant personnel were gathered for the traditional meetings.

We take pride in our new LDS religious facilities, inAtnowherethat timeto gatherin Palmyratogetherthereunderwas a roof the 300 pageant participants cluding the new David O. McKay Living Center. who were present in the Sacred

Our students combine spiritual and cultural principles concludedGrove thatatday.4:00 pmAs inthethemeetingafterin building strength of mind and character. noonthat theand rainsfaith wouldhad beenstop expressedand the

pageant would go on as usual, we

Fall Quarter Registration found the participants returning to

September 2526, 1963 theirclothes,quartersand prepareto dry out,forpressthe theirevening's presentation. However, as

Write for a catalog or information the minutes ticked away, the fury of the storm increased, and it soon

area for the many cars expected UTAH STATE UNIVERSITY became apparent that the parking was completely inundated with Logan, Utah water. With heavy hearts we

announced over the radio that the pageant presentation for the evening, because of hurricane "Cynthia,"would be postponed.

Year after year—over 34—Conference Visitors by the score "Cynthia"also left her mark on

have complimented the mission home in New York

City. Upon returning from the

pageant, we found a great deal of *DISTINCTIVE* water damage on the walls of the front hall. "Cynthia"had struck with

such force that the stonework had 5(0WjitoVe VceUKGmt become saturated with moisture and a spreading stain had damaged the

The Industry's Supreme Achievement interior of the building.

Again this October, gratify that wistful yearning and return for a visit to Our first day after arriving home from the pageant found us unpack- "America's Finest Ice Cream Store'ing our wet, soggy clothing and attempting to get the children's

Open Until at 850 East 21st South Closed

Midnight QUR 0NLY STORE Sundays

780 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA clothes in order so that my husband and I could go on a tour of the mission two days later with one of the General Authorities. A knock

came at the door. The door was

opened, and there stood President

David O. McKay and Sister Emma

Ray McKay. With smiles on their

faces they said, "We just thought we'd drop in and see how you weathered the storm. We've been

up to the Metropolitan Museum to see some pictures and are leaving the city tomorrow to go to Europe."

They noticed the waterdamaged walls of the front hall, and in answer to their inquiry, were told it was the result of hurricane "Cynthia."They walked the length of

the beautiful hall down to the main office, President McKay solicitously escorting Sister McKay.

As they were seated on the couch,

President McKay turned to my husband and said, "Well, how did the pageant go?"There was an

evident twinkle in his eye as he already knew that for the first time since the Hill Cumorah pageant held, the presentation beenhad had the FROM (arnation postponed—becausebeen of

hurricane. We talked of the fury THE NEW TASTE IN H CEREAL!

of the storm the first night and the nightstwo beautiful of pageant choice Western wheat flavor PresiNew-presentation followed. which

stated, smilingdent then McKay Newrolled wholegrain texture to "It takesbroadly, a lot of faith overcome a hurricane."As the conHere at last is the delicious hot cereal to sharpen

versation progressed and the proappetites that have tired of the same bland breakcedures of the day of pageant fast food, day after day! Carnation brings good (arnation

postponement were explained, such eating back to the breakfast tablewith this new as how the pageant participants Instant Wheat that has the deeper, richer flavor sitting rain in rolled the of the in the Sacred golden grain the tiny whole! And

flakes their texture right their the keep through quick!S?TANT testimonies boreGrove and

expressed their faith and love of the cooking -for a cereal with real wholegrain goodChurch, Sister McKay, just a little ness! 100% whole wheat, of course. And it's

indignantly turned to President instant -cooks in 3 minutes. Next time, select

McKay and said, "Don't we have a the redand-white package of Carnation Instant building in Palmyra where they can Wheat -for the delicious new taste in hot cereal meet when it rains?"

And he said, "Yes, Mother, we do, but it is not big enough to hold 300 people."

THE CENTER OF I Sister answered, "Why, McKay CONVENIENCE / it isthink have awful that we don't

NEW AMERICAa larger accommodation in Palmyra.—-, KI think we should have one immeCooeqA motel

diately so that these people wont 320 BEAUTIFUL ROOMS have to sit out in the rain when they have a testimony meeting!"

President McKay smiled at her very lovingly and then turned to us and said, with a twinkle in his eye, "Now you can see why they name salt lake city hurricanes after women."We all

2uH4w hlmdj bmtiL ImftuL pool

SEPTEMBER 1963 781 laughed, enjoying greatly the connotation which wasn't really evident in

Sister McKay's mild expression of reproof for lack of facilities to accommodate the pageant participants.

As they left the mission home after a short visit, my husband and

I turned and looked at each other.

We felt an aura of love and light as they left us and were huoyed up by their humor and humanness.

NIBLEY BY PRESTON EUftEKA! ASSISTANT HISTORIAN CHURCH

have never known a man who

for his departed par- I hasdevotionexpressed greater love and ents than President David O.

McKay has. Once in conversation

with him about the noted characters he had met during his long and

A SONNET TO DAVID O. AND

EMMA RAY McKAY BY JEANETTE M. MORRELL

When winging over land or sea Above the clouds or on their crest,

EUREKA? Our sincere prayers will always be

Like loving arms around your breast.

Did it make sense for us to invent a special new the sculptured profiles of today's steel for bumpers when we already had thoubumpers. Smooth, bright chrome finishes Now our Father knows your every

sands of different steels? If keeping up the adhere tightly to Par -Ten 's specially prethought

resale value of your car makes sense to pared surface increasing resistance to Is not for self, but for his work, you, then this innovation from U. S. Steel corrosion and pitting. Car makers liked Regardeth with what danger fraught

does make sense. To make stronger what they saw and so will you, because No task, however hard, you will

bumpers, which are more resistant to Par -Ten packs greater strength into your shirk.

dents (and therefore better looking at bumpers, gives you a finish that keeps tradein time), car makers are turning up appearance longer, and helps you On both of you his smiles descend to a special bumper steel named USS protect the resale value of your car. Over As on your journeys, near and far,

Par -Ten Steel. Par -Ten is about 40% 40% of the 1963 cars wear USS Par -Ten With strength beyond your own, you

stronger than regular carbon steel used Steel... which makes Par -Ten a pretty bend

for bumpers, so it gives far better resistspecial member of the large family of To bless the world wher'er you are.

ance to denting and bending. In bumper USS Steels available today. America

manufacturers'plants, we demonstrated grows with steel... and U. S. Steel is May he continue near your side

Par -Ten's ability to be cold formed into first in steel. To be your strength, companion,

guide.

USS and ParTen are registered trademarks United States Steel

eventful career, I asked him, "President McKay, who is the greatest man you have ever met?"

in Security Do You Want Your Home? replied without hesitation, He

Should or your power gas fail father.""My

THERMORITE Miracle Glass Enclosure"He was equally devoted to the "The with coal, will heat your front rooms like a memory of a loving mother. Once

coal stove. |if|fS;|| in speaking publicly of her, he exSmokeNo pressed himself in this manner.

No "I cannot think of a womanly virSparks

No tue that my mother did not possess.

Drafty Floors Undoubtedly, many a youth, in afBEAUTIFULLY GIFTS! BESTYLED LDS "WE fectionate appreciation of his Ample mothLIEVE Articles 13 of Faith BRACELET"enHeat er's love unselfish devotion, and heavily discs. graved plated on gold can (Available Solid

Gift king.) key as boxed, postpaid. $1.50 Brass his tribute; the pay mother same but LDS-"GOLDEN QUESTION"-"ANGEL MOROof Beauty, Treasure Safety"and Economy"A NI"PINS molded, gold plated—Exquisitely this in I say the of maturity manlapel, tie pins. sweater, or for Free Folder Write Colored Your choice or Phone $1.00

Satisfaction each. postguaranteed. Shipped THERMORITE SALES BENNION

paid. Available local at your or bookstore LDS Blvd.4817 Holladay

to: City, Utah send order SERVICE Box GREETINGS, 757, 6-8811 or Phone CR SaltAM Lake63310 Pico California. Rivera, postOrders shipped

paid. hood when calm judgment should weigh facts dispassionately. To her

children, and all others who knew her well, she was beautiful and dignified. Though highspirited she

was eventempered and selfpos- sessed. Her darkbrown eyes immediately expressed any rising emotion

which, however, she always held under perfect control.

"In the management of her household she was frugal yet surprisingly generous, as was father also, in providing for the welfare and education of his children. To make home the

most pleasant place in the world for her husband and children was her constant aim, which she achieved naturally and supremely. Though

unselfishly devoted to her family, she tactfully taught each one to reciprocate in little acts of service.

"Her soul, to quote the words of the poet was 'As pure as lines of green that streak the first white of the snowdrop's inner leaves/ In tenderness, watchful care, loving patience, loyalty to home and to right, she seemed to me in boyhood, and she seems to me now after these years, to have been supreme. Fresh or canned, good fruit tastes better with U & I Sugar... the homegrown, homepro-

"Mother left us when she was still duced sugar that commercial canners and homemakers have found is unsurpassed.

young, only fiftyfour. During the

intervening twentyseven years I often told wishedhave that I had IN YOUR HOME e in thather manhood my my young for realizationlove the her and of IN YOUR CHAPEL... of confidenceher love her gave and

me power more than once during fiery youth to keep my name untarnished and my soul from clay.

"From my beautiful, ever devoted and watchful mother, from my loyal sisters in our early home associations, and from my beloved wife during the maturer years that followed, I have received my high ideals of womanhood. No man has

had inspiration from nobler, more loving women. To them I owe a

debt of eternal gratitude."(The Im- >4provement Era, May 1932.)

BY JOSEPH ANDERSON SECRETARY TO THE FIRST PRESIDENCY

Thereisticsareinoutstandingthe Presidentcharacterthat PRATT * LAMBERT /fit have impressed me over the years. I do not recall having

seen him depressed, even when suffering from illness. He has a Countless homes in the area and many of our most beautifully decogreat spirit of optimism. The Presirated LDS Chapels are finished inside and out with the finest—Pratt

dent loves life, and he has on occa- & Lambert paints and varnishes.

the First Presidency'ssion entered with the SALT LAKE GLASS & PAINT CO. day on a beautifulmeeting

'Decorating Center of the Intermountain Area'330 East 4th South Salt Lake City, Utah—See your local Pratt & Lambert dealer

SEPTEMBER 1963 783 remark, "I love life."One of his

is, "I never think of death: I A commentsalso that has impressed me

life."that imsuperb amAnothertoo busy characteristicthinking of pressed me is that President McKay new 16 alwaysself. Hehas completebeautifullycontroltypifiesof himthe

of calmness. volume majesty

topical BY FRANKLINTRAVEL J.AGENTMURDOCK

President McKay asked cyclopedia /n 1955 me to accompany him and Sister

McKay on their visit to the South Pacific missions, six at the time.THE GOLDEN We went by train from Salt Lake

City to San Francisco and then flewTREASURY OF KNOWLEDGE by Pan American Clipper from San

Francisco to Honolulu. There was a

Contains factual, upto-theminute information on every subject from Atoms to Zoology. It is refueling stop there, and we left

fullcolor pictures. illustrated withmagnificently more than 2,000 in the evening. 1 shall never forget,

to sixthgrade in the thirdchildren designed for group, the Golden Treasury Specially of Knowledge encourages independent, informative reading and, at the same time trains the young as we boarded the plane at Honoreader to organize his specific knowledge into broader concepts. An excellent index gives the child lulu, hearing the members of the

valuable practice in reference procedures, and the clear, comprehensive text gives him the facts Church who had gathered to say he wants about the people, places, and things he would like to know about. goodbye to President and Sister

Special Deluxe Edition in Sturdy Goldencraft Binding. Each volume 7-3/16 x 10-1/8, 96 McKay sing, "God Be with You till

pages. The set: $29.95 in handsome bookshelf. We Meet Again."

The next morning about five o'clock the plane refueled at Canton

Regular $39.95 Island, a distance of 1,800 miles

SPECIAL OFFER south of Honolulu. The President

was up bright and early, writing in seat, diary. his to his he As I came

said, "Brother see you Murdock, Postpaid in the U.S. iDeseretCOMPANY Book

Mail Orders from 44 EAST SO. TEMPLESALTANDLAKEAT CITYCOTTONWOOD MALL those black flags out there. Word

Deseret Book Company 2472 WASHINGTON BLVD., OGDEN has come that there is a hurricane

East South Temple 44 City, Salt Utah 777 SO. MAIN ST., ORANGE, CALIFORNIA in our pathway toward the south."Lake We were, of course, both concerned,

Treasury Please a Golden send me I but we noticed that the plane took Set for which of Knowledge enclose check/money order. 1 have an off at about the scheduled time, and

account, please charge The full cost, $29.95. landed safely another 1,200 miles in

Name. Suva in the Fiji Isles that evening.

We went to the Grand Pacific Hotel.

Address. The man at the cable office was quite

City Zone State. concerned as he took the President's

Residents of Utah include 3'/2% sales tax. cable and asked, "When did you

arrive?"We answered, "Just this evening."

"Oh, you are the people who came through the hurricane,"he exclaimed. "What do you mean?"

He took us around the counter and showed us a large map of the

South Pacific. "You were up here

at Canton Island coming south to the Fiji Islands. About that time we

had a very severe hurricane moving northward. It was so severe that

most of the military planes of the

New Zealand Air Force flew south to avoid destruction. Winds were

up to and more than 90 miles an

784 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA hour. The weather bureau followed

the hurricane as it went north, and it would have just gone in yourpathway, but all of a sudden—and go modern

they haven't been able to explain it—the hurricane veered out about200 miles to the left, which would go GAS

be to the west, and stayed in that area for about two hours. That

allowed you to come through without any difficulty. And then the

hurricane moved right back about 200 miles into its original pathwayand went northwest and spent itself Gas is Best for in the northwest Pacific."

As we walked back to the hotel that night, President McKay said, "Brother Murdock, that was the Water hand of the Lord that reached out and made it safe for us to come through to Suva and avoid that hurricane which was directly in ourpathway. We can be grateful that Heating

we are safe in the Grand Pacific

Hotel this evening."

May 5, 1961, Mr. John Cook,

a newspaper feature writer,On was granted an interview with President McKay. Towards the close of the interview he

said that he hoped the President wouldn't mind if he asked a question, and said that the President wouldn't need to answer the question if he felt that he shouldn't, but for his own information, not forpublication, he would like to know STEADY if President McKay had ever seen the Savior.

President McKay answered that he had not, but that he had heard STREAM OFhis voice, many times, and that he had felt his presence and his influence. He then told about Peter

(saying that he was his favorite among the apostles, even more so than Paul with all his education andlearning—that Peter was a rough, HOT WATER

simple man, but sincere) and he told supplies your entire family needs without interruption how Peter had spoken of being parHeats water faster—for less! Nothing else keeps up with the hottakers of the divine spirit, of a diof like It's water family needs your washer faster Gas!—because nature,vine and explained what he

starts it. heating fast water as more Gas less use Costs as youfelt that to mean.

install, to too! operate, buy, and Then he told how some evidences

were stronger even than that of Baths for everybody on washday! Every faucet pours hot water at

sight, and recalled the occasion yourto handlehouse,yourwithfamily'san Automaticneeds. Gas hot water heater designed

when the Savior appeared to his disciples and told Thomas who haddoubted, "Reach hither thy finger Bvtf from your fas Appfiance De*/er and behold my hands: and reach

hither thy hand, and thrust it into my side: and be not faithless butbelieving."And then President MOUNTAIN FUEL

McKay said that he liked to believe SUPPLY COMPANY

MvCUAM GoA SERVICE SEPTEMBER 1963 785 Thomas did not actually look up, after leaving the office said it had heart. President McKay is one of

but knelt at the Savior's feet and been the greatest experience of his them. I spoke from the heart, when

said unto him, "My Lord and my life, that President McKay was like in the middle of a commencement

God."And then President McKay no other man he had ever seen or address I was giving at Brigham

repeated the words of the Master, heard. He was so greatly moved Young University, I turned to him

"Because thou hast seen me, thou that tears were in his eyes as he on the platform and said, 'David hast believed: blessed are they that left President McKay. McKay, almost thou"persuadest me

have not seen, and yet have beThis account was written by Ted to be a Mormon!'

lieved."President McKay then Cannon, January 7, 1961. Mr. DeMille on one occasion told

smiled and said, "That is quite a a reporter for the California Intertestimony I have given you. I do n his autobiography, Cecil R. Demountain News that President Mcnot know when I have given Mille, the great motion picture Kay is "one of the great souls that

in privilegedthis wrote, to meet before."been I have "There producer are men I world; has understanding; he he very presence the this Mr. Cook was visibly moved, and warms whose

has the true spirit of Christ; he is a

great pioneer of God."

BY ARCH L. MADSEN

a LATEX PAINT for PRESIDENTecentlyKSLinRADIONewANDYorkTELEVISIONan experience occurred which a friend of mine at United jBiii ii ii iiiw h i liiiiiiiri n nrinnnnnnri n nnrinn n rii OUTSIDE! R Press passed along. When

President McKay came home from

Europe, arrangements had been made for his picture to be taken.

goes on faster Thewas unableregular tophotographergo to Idlewild,assignedand easy as wall painting! so, in desperation, the United Press

picked the man assigned as their crime photographer—a man accustomed to the very toughest type of

work in New York. He went to the

airport and came back in due time, went into the darkroom, and stayed there almost two hours. When he

came out, he had a tremendous dries faster sheaf of pictures in his hand. He

dustfree, bugfree was supposed to take two. His boss

in minutes! immediately chided him and said,

"What in the world are you wasting time and all those photographic supplies for?"

He received a very curt and sharp answer, the crime photographer would gladly pay for the extra cleans up faster materials he had used; they could

for the hours dock him he had with soap and water! spent on this these because work

extra pictures were his own personal property.

It was obvious at the time he was very touchy on the subject. Several

hours later the vice president called in to learn what had happened. Bennett's him

This in essence is the story the

ACRYLIC LATEX HOUSE PAINT crimesee, whenphotographerI was a gavelittle him.boy,"Youmy

mother used to read out of to me

Guaranteed in writing by Bennett's... UseTested deal. I a great the Old Testament

and Accepted by McCall's Laboratories in New York! loved the stories about God's

A totally new house paint, yours in 1,322 Colorizer prophets, and I have wondered all colors, at Bennett's paint stores and dealers throughmy life what a prophet of God must out the intermountain area. (See the yellow pages of really look like. Today I found one."

your local phone book.)

BENNETT'S 65 W. 1 S. SALT LAKE CITY

786 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Church Moves On her junior title. Marcia Thayne, Salt Elder Biesinger is to return to Salt

Lake City, was the novice division Lake City to assist in directing the winner. building missionary program in the

(Continued from page 726) United States and Canada.

Neil of appointment J. EThe

of the subject Speaking to the building Bradley church upon day, Elder the Sabbath Elder announced.F. Everson and Ernest I. Adams committee Howard was

President counselors. assustained of the of of the Council Hunter has Bradley been supervisor the W. counand his JensenKenneth D. the area. British Isles addressed nationwide with Concurrent Twelve

selors, Elders Joseph Hilton and this new appointment, he succeeds radio audience of the "Church of the

Mark Brickley, were retained as the Elder George R. Biesinger as superAir"on the Columbia Broadcastpresidency of Walnut Creek Stake. visor of the program in Europe. ing System.

The new stake was organized under the direction of Elder LeGrand

Richards of the Council of the

Twelve and Elder Franklin D. Richards, Assistant to the Council of

the Twelve. It is the 378th stake Start Your

functioning.

It was announced that two elementary schools would soon MISSION SAVINGS be opened by the Church in Chile,

South America.

Early Planning Might Make the Difference

Cascade Stake was organized in the Fulfillment of Your Mission

J from parts of North Seattle If you are planning to serve as a missionary... if you hope

Stake with Elder Robert E. Jones your children will be called, start a mission savings plan at

sustained as president with Elders American Savings, now. The earlier you start, the less money

Norman J. Andrew and Lionell A. youextraneeddollarsto save,—earningsbecausecompoundedwhile you savesemiannuallyAmerican atpaysa highyou

Walker as counselors. In the North AVi/a current rate.

Seattle Stake Elder B. Grant Fagg This means the amount you actually save will be considerably

was sustained as president with less than the $2,000 usually required for a mission. And, every

Elders Heber J. Badger and Brent American account is protected by substantial reserves plus

L. Nash as counselors. This presiINSURED to $10,000 by the Federal Savings and Loan Insurdency succeeds President Wilford ance Corporation, permanent agency of the U.S. Government.

H. Payne and his counselors, Elders HERE'S HOW MUCH YOU CAN SAVE WITH OUR MISSION SAVINGS PLANS BY

Floyd E. Berrett and Clark M. THE TIME YOU OR YOUR CHILD IS 19 YEARS OLD - IF YOU START NOW.

Wood. Cascade Stake, 379th in the Present At $25.00 At $20.00 At $15.00 At $10.00 At $9.00 At $8.00 At $7.00 At $6.00

Church, was organized under the Age Monthly Monthly Monthly Monthly Monthly Monthly Monthly Monthly direction of Elder Spencer W. Kim- $2,154.63

1 1,990.29 theball of of the Council Twelve (These present opposite columns age 2 1,833.11,138.62 $2 Assistant Alvin Elder R. Dyer,and

will indicate that the be amount 1 3,963.23 1,682.76 theto Twelve. with accumulated earnings by

1 4,795.46 1,538.97 $2,051.96 this stake After conferences week

is the time the missionary $2,102.14,635.00 1,868.57 1,401.43 took 5 the schedule conferenceend, of age.)* 19 years 6 1,904.81 1,693.17,481.52 1,269.87 %%UbAb six recess. weeks'the annual

7 1,906.75 1,716.07 1,525.40,334.72 1,144.05

JULY 1963 8 1,706.16 1,535.55 1,364.93,194.31 1,023.70

9 $2,271.46 1,514.31 1,362.88 1,211.45,060.02 908.59

It was announced that the 10 1,996.21 1,330.81 1,197.73 1,064.65 931.56 798.48

Oklahoma region of the Church 11 $2,310.58 1,732.94 1,155.29 1,039.76 924.23 808.70 693.17

welfare program had been formed, 12 1,974.83 1,481.12 987.41 888.67 789.93 691.19 592.45

embracing the Oklahoma and Tulsa 13 $2,067.11 1,653.69 1,240.27 826.85 744.16 661.48 578.79 496.11

(Oklahoma) stakes and the Wichita 14 1,683.16 1,346.53 1,009.90 673.26 605.94 538.61 471.29 403.96

(Kansas) Stake. 15 1,315.92 1,052.74 789.55 526.37 473.73 421.10 368.46 315.82

16 964.67 771.73 578.80 385.87 347.28 308.69 270.11 231.52

The twoday YWMIA all17 628.70 502.96 377.22 251.48 226.33 201.18 1 76.04 150.89

Church Golf Tournament, 18 307.36 245.89 184.41 122.94 110.65 98.35 86.06 73.77

played at Meadowbrook Golf Course, * Computed at current rate of 4'/2% per annum southwest of Salt Lake City, ended "SAVE THE with Mabel Draper of Ogden, Utah, AMERICAN

WAY"winning the allChurch tournament. (Ame/dcm& LOAN ASSOCIATIONScwingA&

Phyllis Van Wagenen,'Provo, Utah, HOME OFFICE: 63 South Main, Salt Lake City 1 1, Utah

took the senior division, and Jean SUGAR HOUSE OFFICE: 2186 Highland Dr., Salt Lake City 6, Utah

Hansen, Syracuse, Utah, retained GRANGER OFFICE: 3555 Market Street, Salt Lake City 4, Utah,

HONOLULU DIVISIONAL OFFICE: 915 Fort Street, Honolulu, Hawaii

KAIMUKI OFFICE: 1 142 - 12th Avenue, Honolulu, Hawaii

HILO OFFICE: 120 Waianuenue Avenue, Hilo, Hawaii

KALIHI OFFICE: 1851 North King Street, Honolulu, Hawaii

SEPTEMBER 1963 787 SOME FUNDAMENTAL PRINCIPLES OF MISSIONARY WORK

I should like to read you this story which was conthe Spirit of the Lord caught away Philip, that the sidered of importance by Luke, the historian. "And eunuch saw him no more: and he went on his

the angel of the Lord spake unto Philip, saying, Arise, way rejoicing.

and go toward the south unto the way that goeth "But Philip was found at Azotus: and passing

down from Jerusalem unto Gaza, which is desert."through he preached in all the cities, till he came to

That means that Philip had been in Jerusalem attendCaesarea."(Acts 8:2640.)

ing ceremonies pertaining to missionary work and he I have read that somewhat unusual reference beis now told to go down toward Caesarea, his home. cause Philip was, as you know, one of the seven set

"And he arose and went: and, behold, a man of apart for special work to help the early apostles,

Ethiopia, an eunuch of great authority under Candace and he was very zealous in his preaching of the queen of the Ethiopians, who had the charge of all her gospel, particularly to the people of Samaria.

treasure, and had come to Jerusalem for to worship, Now, I have read this scripture to you mission- "Was returning, and sitting in his chariot read aries with certain things in mind. First, it is necessary

Esaias the prophet. for you to have a call, an official appointment to do

"Then the spirit said unto Philip, Go near, and the work of a missionary.

join thyself to this chariot. Philip took advantage of that occasion, not only

"And Philip ran thither to him, and heard him read to explain the scripture, but also to bear testimony the prophet Esaias, and said, Understandest thou of Jesus of Nazareth of whom the man had never what thou readest? heard, or perhaps had heard of him only incidentally

"And he said, How can I, except some man should while he was visiting at the feast of Pentecost. But

guide me? And he desired Philip that he would come Philip, the missionary, soon took advantage of the

up and sit with him. text and bore witness of Jesus of Nazareth who was

"The place of the scripture which he read was this, crucified, resurrected, and who ascended into heaven.

He was led as a sheep to the slaughter; and like a He was representing the authority of the Twelve

lamb dumb before his shearer, so opened he not when he preached that sermon to the interhis mouth: ested Ethiopian.

"In his humiliation his judgment was taken away: It is interesting to note that Philip was not fully

and who shall declare his generation? for his life prepared to represent the leaders of God's Church.

is taken from the earth. Undoubtedly, he was one of the leaders who preached

"And the eunuch answered Philip, and said, I pray the gospel of baptism to the men and women of thee, of whom speaketh the prophet this? of himself, Samaria who were baptized in large numbers, but

or of some other man? "... when the apostles which were at Jerusalem heard

"Then Philip opened his mouth, and began at the that Samaria had received the word of God, they same scripture, and preached unto him Jesus. sent unto them Peter and John:

"And as they went on their way, they came unto a "Who, when they were come down, prayed for certain water: and the eunuch said, See, here is water; them, that they might receive the Holy Ghost:

what doth hinder me to be baptized? "For as yet he was fallen upon none of them: only

"And Philip said, If thou believest with all thine they were baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus.

heart, thou mayest. And he answered and said, I "Then they laid their hands on them and they

believe that Jesus Christ is the Son of God. received the Holy Ghost."(Ibid., 8:1417.) Philip

"And he commanded the chariot to stand still: continued preaching after he had baptized the

and they went down both into the water, both Ethiopian, and he went on, we are told, to the other

Philip and the eunuch; and he baptized him. cities, "till he came to Caesarea."

"And when they were come up out of the water, The second point is that it is not enough to receive

788 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA * MELCHIZEOEK '* EXCERPTS FROM AN ADDRESS GIVEN BY PRESIDENT r PRIESTHOOD i DAVID O. MCKAY AT THE PRIESTHOOD MISSIONARY

COMMITTEE MEETING.

a call, but it is necessary to be prepared to preach with the mission authorities, that he is not to use what the authorities of the Church authorize the individual plans, but to work in harmony with the missionary to preach. In this day, a missionary is president of the mission and those associated with

required to know what he is going to preach. It rehim. One important part of that plan is illustrated

quires a testimony, not only of Jesus, but also a in the statement I read to you, the value of personal testimony of the restoration of the gospel, and a contact. It was through the personal contact that*

knowledge of the plan as given by the General the Ethiopian had with Philip that convinced him

Authorities of the Church to the mission president that Jesus was the Christ.

and his associates. The preparation of the missionNow, the present plan given to the Church enary is a very important part of this work. courages this special contact. You have referrals of

I am going to tell you a story. About sixtyfour certain people whom the missionaries should meet;

years ago, there was a young missionary named David and you sit down and talk to them, not just deliver

O. McKay who had his call, accepted it, and left for a tract and leave the person as we used to do sixtyhis mission in August 1897. On the boat taking the four years ago, but you meet them by appointment—

thirty young elders to Liverpool was a Protestant the best way in the world. The gospel is so reasonminister, and the elders soon got into debate with able, well, it is so divine, that if an elder, properly

him. It seems that I was spokesman for a while, instructed, by study and prayer, and testimony, can

and the question came up as to where Jesus was sit in the house with a family or with a, group and when his body was in the tomb. Now, I had learned, teach that lesson and say, "Do you understand it?—

as boys and girls learn in Sunday School, priesthood tomorrow night we shall meet and take the second meeting, and Mutual, that Jesus went to preach to lesson,"they cannot help being converted. They get

the spirits in prison, so I spoke up, using about those the spirit of it and the spirit converts.

words. The minister took a Bible and said, "Where The fourth point in that text is activity. Philip was

do you find that?"very diligent. After performing the baptism of the

I didn't know for the life of me, where the scripEthiopian, he preached in the various towns that lay tural reference was to be found, but I knew that I between the desert, where he was then, and Caesarea, was right. In our group was a man from Holland his home town.

who was on his way to fill a mission. He was standFinally, I wish to present to you the responsibility

ing by and whispered to me: "Peter, Peter."I then took of a missionary, not only to be true to his call, but

the Bible, and I suppose I turned the wrong way to to know the plan of salvation, to live in harmony find the Epistles of Peter. For the life of me, I did not with the mission authorities, to be daily active in the

know where to find the text. The minister took the performance of his duties, but most of all, to live

Bible and said: "My eightyear-old child knows more above temptation. I have no patience with an elder

about the Bible than you do."There was so much truth who transgresses the moral law because he was

in what he said that I spent the rest of the voyage thrown into temptation or because he had an opporbecoming better acquainted with the scriptures. tunity to associate with the opposite sex. A missionPreparation is a very important part of a missionary ary, a man who holds the priesthood, should be able

call; and yet, preparation includes not only a knowlto resist temptation.

edge of the Bible, Book of Mormon, Doctrine and When people are chosen as missionaries, they must

Covenants, and Pearl of Great Price, but also a not only live in harmony with the teachings of the knowledge of the plan instituted for the use of the gospel, the plan given by the missionary authorities missionary in daily work. but also through the power of the Holy Priesthood,

A third point is that a missionary is in harmony live above temptation.

SEPTEMBER 1963 789 THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC'S BY DR. HARVEY FLETCHER

You have frequently been told that you are living in the space age. PAGE

During my lifetime I have seen come into use the telephone, the electric light, the automobile, the phonograph, the airplane, radio and television, nuclear power, electronic calculating devices which, in a few minutes, make calculations that would require a lifetime for a man to perform, and, finally men circling the earth in ninety minutes and landing safely back on the earth.

---vMy i/l/l/toi* Jyw Similar epochmaking discoveries have been made in the fields of biology and medicine. Smallpox and diphtheria,

which in my childhood took so many of my playmates, now are no longer scourges. Infections which only a few

years ago always proved fatal, now are largely controlled by the new antibiotics—penicillin, streptomyosin, and such.

As you look at these marvelous adtIF I vances in science, you may conclude that most of the important discoveries have been made, and that there is not much WERE left for your generation to do. When

I was a young man about your age, I remember the president of the British "Y"OTJ

Association for the Advancement of

Science stated that all the important discoveries in science had been made, and that future generations could only refine and make more accurate measurements of the things which were already known.

The great flowering of science since that ADVICE time shows how wrong even the wisest of men can be in predicting the future. TO But you might ask, "Where has all this

advancement brought us?"And then YOUNG reply, "It has brought us to the brink of

a nuclear war in which hundreds of milMEN lions of people could be killed."

A few years ago I talked with a young engineer who had worked on the de790 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA velopment of the atomic bomb during World War II. ordained for a certain mission on earth. But will you

lie had recently been married, and he and his wife find it? God has given you the freedom to choose.

had decided not to have any children because they Men, like rivers, become crooked by following the line did not want to see them suffer in the great holocaust of least resistance.

of nuclear bombs which he was sure was coming About the first third of your life span can be profitwhen these children would be teenagers. ably spent in preparation for your life's work. Don't be

Is it worthwhile to strive when such threats hang impatient but learn during this part of your life beover us? I know such thoughts must have come into cause it will be one of the most enjoyable parts. If

your minds and caused discouragement. And an even I were you, I would start today to prepare with greater

more sobering question, "Where is God that he would vigor than ever before.

permit the evil designs of men to destroy the earth and The Prophet Lehi gave a terse statement of the its inhabitants which he has created?"purpose of life. "... men are, that they might have

When such gloomy thoughts enter your mind, if I joy."The wise men of the ages as well as the prophets

were you, I would read the 121st section of the Dochave told us that this joy comes through service to trine and Covenants. This revelation was given to the others. Jesus put this idea in this fashion: "But he

Prophet Joseph Smith when he was a prisoner in the that is greatest among you shall be your servant."

jail at Liberty, Missouri. He and his friends had been (Matt. 23:11.)

thrown into jail for no good reason, and he wondered If I were you, I would seek to know your talents.

why the Lord would permit such treatment of his What can you do easiest and best? In what subjects

servants do you obtain the highest grades? In what kind of

The first verses read: games do you usually excel? Ask your teachers and

"O God, where art thou? And where is the pavilion chums what things they think you do best. Then,

that covereth thy hiding place? when you find your talents, work at them diligently

"How long shall thy hand be stayed,..."to enlarge and perfect them.

Then, skipping to the seventh and eighth verses, the As you improve your talents, you will find your misLord answers: sion and become a servant to mankind. In performing

"My son, peace be unto thy soul; thine adversity this service, you will find great joy and satisfaction.

and thine afflictions shall be but a small moment; And those to whom this service is given will rise and

"And then, if thou endure it well, God shall exalt call vou blessed.

thee on high; thou shalt triumph over all thy foes."

Later follows that stirring advice to all priesthood bearers, ending in the familiar passage; "... let virtue

garnish thy thoughts unceasingly; then shall thy confidence wax strong in the presence of God; and the BIOGRAPHICAL NOTE

doctrine of the priesthood shall distil upon thy soul Dr. Harvey Fletcher, a past president of New York Stake,

as the dews from heaven."(D&C 121:1-2, 7-8, 45.) is a graduate of Brigham Young University and the University of Chicago. He has since been awarded honorary

Yes, my young brothers in the priesthood, you are degrees from Columbia University, Kenyon College, Stevliving in the greatest age that has ever been upon this ens Institute, Case Institute of Technology, University of earth. The pace is fast in the scientific field, in the Utah, and BYU. A past Director of Research at Bell

field of international relations, in the forming of new Telephone Laboratories, he is one of the fathers of radio, nations, and in many other fields. The rapid growth television, and stereophonic sound. The first Mormon to be

to the National named Academy he of Science, and Thomasof the Church is another evidence of this fast pace. are A. Edison the only two honorary the members of

What is going to be your part in the great work ahead? can Acoustical Society, which was founded by Edison.AmeriIt is my testimony that everyone of you has been Currently Dr. Fletcher is a professor of physics at BYU.

SEPTEMBER 1963 791

Our First Family "So much of what is great in Scotland has sprung passing of years, they have spread out into many from the closeness of the family."This is a thought separate homes. Oliver Wendell Holmes once wrote,

expressive of the President David O. McKay family. "Where we love is home,

A certain Margaret Ogilvy uttered these words for Home that our feet may leave, but not our hearts."

all Scotsmen. The McKay roots are in Scotland, but So has it been with this family. x

this closeness of the family is exemplifed in their It is hard to believe that our President and his famhomes in Salt Lake City and Huntsville. ily could be like our own families in any way. SomePresident McKay and Sister McKay and their six howor-other this very special family seems to most

children, twentyone grandchildren, and ten greatof us to be on a "once upon a time"fairy story level, grandchildren are living examples of a true Latterliving a different kind of life from the rest of us. But

day Saint family in every sense of the word. Presithis is not true; President McKay, or Papa Dade as

dent McKay said at June conference, "You know he is lovingly called, and Sister McKay, known as what is good to do, and God bless you that you Mama Ray to their children and grandchildren, are will have the strength to do it."This certainly has very real people, kind, understanding, and loving.

applied in his own life: He has known what is right They too enjoy family gettogethers, never letting an

and has done it. As parents he and his wife have excuse for one pass them by.

known what a real family should be and have molded Christmas Eve for the McKays, just as it is for theirs into just such a unit. The McKays are a close, thousands of other families in the Church, is a family

happy family group, although now, because of the night. It is a time when the members, big and small,

TODAY'S FAMILY FLORENCE B. PINNOCK, EDITOR

j\—..——

I \N/ gather together around the Christcarries tiny gifts to delight the chilthe other brothers and sisters at dinmas tree to enjoy each other's love. dren. Memories are made for each ner, afterward they all join in wholeFor more than fifty years this tradimember of the family down to the some fun.

tion has been kept in President youngest greatgrandchild that will Memorial day again finds the

McKay's home. Through the years go on and on to enrich his own McKays together, but this time in

the only change has been in the numhome when he marries. Huntsville. As many as sixty peober present. Year by year this After dinner everyone gathers ple, the children, their mates, grandnumber has grown until now six around a flaming Yule log, and a children, greatgrandchildren, and

children, plus their mates, plus program begins. The grandchildren the sisters and brothers of President

twentyone grandchildren with many have planned for a whole year what McKay join together at the old famof them married and bringing they would do in order to make each ily home. Flowers are placed on

their husbands or wives and their succeeding year better. Dr. Llewelyn the graves of President McKay's

children, have a merry Christmas McKay is usually the master of cerefather and mother and also on the

Eve together. Even the mothers monies. The children's talents are tiny grave of President and Sister

and fathers of the McKay sonsexhibited in song, story, poetry, or McKay's son Royal, who died when and daughtersin-law are invited to what it might be, with one of the he was just two years old. On this

join in the fun. The party begins younger grandchildren telling the special occasion everyone brings his

early, no later than six or sixthirty, story of the birth of the Christ child. share of the picnic, and when the

and until lately Sister McKay has As the program progresses, nuts, dinner bell rings, each group joins prepared and served all the food. A chocolates, and soft drinks are its own immediate family to eat.

long table is set in the dining room, consumed. Four of the older grandThe dinner isn't the main attracwith President McKay at one end children are proficient on musical tion on this day, for a baseball

and Sister McKay at the other end instruments and entertain the group game is in the offing, and the and the grandchildren in between. each year. The program reaches its food is something gulped so everyThe adults are seated at tables in climax as some of the sons slip one can join in an exciting game

another room. As at your table and quietly outside, and suddenly bells of baseball.

mine, there is always a huge turkey are heard. The sons enter tinkling Family fun together and a bond

to be carved. President McKay does the sleigh bells that are kept in of love draws this family to Huntsthe honors. He also enjoys providPresident McKay's boyhood home in ville on many occasions throughout

ing a big roast of beef for those who Huntsville. Everyone sings "Jingle the year. Many of the family enjoy

prefer it. The rest of the menu is Bells,"and Mama Ray moves to the joining President McKay on horses

traditional and as a fitting climax piano, and Christmas carols follow. as he rides his Sonny Boy through

there is pie. A certain light fluffy The happy occasion closes with the the fields. The Fourth and Twentylemon pie is a favorite. singing of "Home, Sweet Home."fourth of July, Labor Day, and speThe main table, where the grandThen everyone hurries to his own cial birthdays all give excuse for a

children are seated, is set with the home so the children will be sound family party.

best of linen, silver, china, and glassasleep when Santa arrives. "So much of what is great in Scotware. Nothing is too good for the Soon after Christmas, comes Janland has sprung from the closeness

grandchildren. From year to year uary the second, the wedding anniof the family."So much of what is

the centerpiece changes, but it alversary of President and Sister Mcgreat in this Church has sprung from ways has a gay Christmas spirit. Kay. This day is commemorated in the closeness of the familv. The

Perhaps little elves are perched on different ways. Usually one of the David O. McKay family helps lead

Christmas flowers or a miniature tree children entertains his parents and the way.

Many thanks for these thoughts and recipes to Lottie Lund McKay, a daughterin-law of President and Sister McKay, who was asked to write Food and this article.

"Sit down and feed, and welcome to our table."Over the years sweet

Mama Ray has acted as hostess for hundreds of church dignitaries, celebrities, civic leaders, world travelers, Boy Scouts, and wideeyed grandAffection children. On such occasions and on family holidays the guests are always

greeted by the wonderful aroma of kitchen goodies wafting through the house to whet their appetites.

Although Papa Dade seldom arrives on time to eat (his appointments and meetings always seem to run late), his meals are ready and kept hot for him. This makes it possible for him to enjoy those few quiet moments

eating his favorite dishes seated across from his sweetheart. Sometimes

lunch has waited two and three hours, but never once has any of us heard

794 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Mama Ray scold or complain.

For guests, for Papa Dade, for family, she's an excellent cook. Over

the years we've all wanted certain recipes. Some of them were not

easy to get, since Mama Ray often cooks her mother's dishes by memory and her own favorite dishes by the feel, texture, or looks of the batter.

One such recipe was her Grandmother Riggs'lemon pie. We finally

hit upon a plan to get the recipe:

She would put the ingredient into a bowl, and then we would take it out and measure. What originally

sounded like "a piece of butter, enough water to thin, and flour enough to hold it together"became the lemon pie recipe. To select

three recipes of her tastiest dishes is difficult, but for variety's sake let's choose her pickled peaches and gingersnaps to join the lush pie.

Gingersnaps

1 cup sweet cream 2 cups sugar 3 eggs 1 cup molasses 1 teaspoon soda 1 tablespoon ginger Flour enough to mold the dough

DESERET NEWS PRESS Beat the eggs until light, add the sugar and ginger and continue beatis proud to join in the tributes to

to>ing. the molasses, the soda Add President David O. McKaystir until light foamy. and Add to

the first mixture—add the sweet on his 90th birthday anniversary.

cream alternately with the flour until the dough is of the consistency to mold into 1-inch balls. Place on Under the inspired leadership and encouragement

cookie sheet about 2 inches apart. of President McKay, Deseret News Press has conBake at 350 F. about 12 minutes. tinued its rapid expansion and substantial growth.

Along with his many demanding responsibilities,

Lemon Pie (1 pie) President McKay has always taken a keen, personal interest in the operating activities of Deseret News 4 egg yolks Press.

1 cup water This photograph was taken during a recent open 1 cup sugar house when President McKay personally inspected 2 tablespoons flour the new 10color web offset press which the Deseret 1 tablespoons butter News Press is using to produce commercial as well

Juice and grated rind of 1 lemon as Church publications.

Bring the water to the boiling point. Add the grated lemon rind.

Pour over the sugar and flour which have been thoroughly mixed. Cook

in double boiler until thick. Add

the slightly beaten egg yolks, and cook until set. Take from heat, add

the lemon juice and butter. Mix

well. Pour into baked pie shell.

Pile high with meringue and bake 1600 Empire Road Salt Lake City, Utah

Since 1850

Letterpress Lithography Web Offset Binding

SEPTEMBER 1963 793

at 250 to 300 F. for about 15 min- 2 oz. whole allspice Be It Ever So Elegant

utes or until meringue is set and Boil sugar, vinegar, cinnamon, and golden brown in color. allspice five minutes. Add peaches, ( Continued from page 754

in each of which are placed aboutMeringue—three cloves. Cook until tender. engine and slowly drove home.

Beat the 4 egg whites until stiff Place in fruit jars. The next day in the music class he

and dry. Gradually beat in 2 tabletried not to look at Diane, but it was

spoons of sugar to each egg white. "A cheerful look makes a dish a impossible not to glance her way.

Add a drop of lemon extract. Pile feast."(Jacula Prundentiem. ) And Every time he looked, she was lookhigh on lemon pie. so it has been when guests sit at the ing the other way, though he could

table beautifully appointed of Mama feel her eyes was on him when hePickled Peaches—of feeling Ray and Papa Dade—the professor. the looking at the At

16 lbs. peaches welcome and love predominates. close of class he tried to take his

8 lbs. sugar After such a satisfying meal we've time about gathering up his things

1 qt. vinegar often heard appropriately expressed, to give her a chance to leave first,

1 qt. water "The home is lovely, the food debut she waited for him.

4 oz. stick cinnamon licious, but the company was best "David, could I talk to you for a

2 oz. whole cloves of all."moment?"

Sure.... "I've been thinking... you know,

about last night. I guess we just

don't hit it off, do we? I mean...

if you think your family wouldn't [THE t like or something, I wish you'd me SPOKEN i I hapsay so. that sometimes. tTIME TO DO IT RIGHT know WORD

pens. That a boy might feel a girl

just wouldn't mix with his family...

that she wouldn't belong... might

RICHARD L. EVANS be ashamed of her...."

Be ashamed? Of her? Good night!

On a muchquoted page in a muchquoted publication, this sentence apOf her? She must be kidding. David

pears: "Why is there never enough time to do it right.... But always enough couldn't say anything. He couldn't

time to do it over?"1 This could apply to teaching children—to taking time tell her that it was just the other way

to teach them right in the earliest years and save some of the problems that around... that he was afraid she

follow where teaching isn't early and adequate. And we don't mean teachwouldn't like his family... that he

ing in a technical sense, but teaching character, attitudes, and the lasting was sure she would be uncomfortvalues of life. Agencies, both public and private, have been much multiable with all the kids swarming

plied, and are doing earnest service in trying to correct and compensate for around the way they always did...

what has or hasn't happened in the home. But we cannot always expect and while he was wondering what

others to teach our children outside the home what they should have been he could say to her, she turned and taught within it. A perceptive woman recently said: "A well and happy was gone. He called after her, but

child is not a problem. And if with loving kindness in our homes we teach she was out of sight in the crowd.

a child reverence and respect and responsibility and prayer and thankfulness David was glad he didn't have any for food, and honor and honesty, we shall not need to create all manner of more classes that day. He knew he

agencies to help substitute for home."2 Professional people often help herocould never concentrate on anything.

ically with many problems. But how much better to begin at the beginning He could only see Diane's sensitive

—to begin in the earliest years of life. How much better when mothers and face before him. As he drove the car

fathers prayerfully live for the blessed intuition and inspiration that dedito the curb in front of his house, cated parents are entitled to. Herbert Hoover has said: "We need to add to he was vaguely aware of the Cadillac

the three R's, namely, Reading, 'Riting and 'Rithmetic, a fourth—Responsiconvertible parked in front of his

bility."3 Parenthood is a responsibility—a career—a covenant—a privilege—house. There wasn't often a Cadand an obligation, not exceeded by any other—it is indeed the most sacred illac parked on his street. He opened

career on earth. And children are not to be neglected, or "farmed out,"or the front door and then stood there,

indifferently turned over to others. The first and most effective place to a mixture of astonishment and disbegin is at the beginning—with parents being first of all righteous, dedicated belief filling him. His mother began

examples themselves, so that children may see and feel, at home, the earliest to introduce him to the young lady lessons of life. "And... inasmuch as parents have children... that teach that sat on the couch... the lumpy

them not to understand.,. the sin [the responsibility] be upon the heads couch, with Tommy on her lap, and

of the parents."4 Jill leaning against her.

y "David, this is Mary Jackson...."

ipost Scripts, Saturday Evening Post, March 1963. "We know each other, Mrs. Dallas.

Widtsoe. D,;2Dr. Leah

David."Herbert Hoover, quoted by George J. Fisher, Training our Youth for the World of Tomorrow. Hi, "68:25.*D&C "Hi

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the Columbia Mary stood up. "I really must be

Broadcasting System, July 7, 1963. Copyright 1963. going,"she said. "I have a class in a

796 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA halfhour. I always spend more time

here than I intend to. David,

you have the most wonderful family. There is always such a sweet

spirit here."

"It's always a pleasure to have you,

Mary,"David's mother told her. "I'll

see you tomorrow night at leadership meeting."

"Right. Bye, bye."Mary left, and

David was still standing there in the same spot....

"David, are you feeling well?"

"I think so, only...."

"You've been acting so strange lately "Mom, do you know who that girl is?""Of course, she's Mary Jack—"ELEGANT

"No, I mean... she's the Home- \... yet so economical!

coming Queen! Good night! What's

she doing here?"

"She's one of my Beekeepers. She Perhaps you've assumed prices are high at the

brings all the time herecomes Sky Room, just because it's so beautiful. If so,

girls'sign forthe books me.. to.

and...."you're in for a pleasant surprise!

"But she's the Homecoming...

and she's Diane's best friend...."Supper selections, for example, are available from

Suddenly the dull ache that had only $1.75, dinner for as little as $3.00! There's

been in David's stomach for days was dancing every night except Sunday.activated. He hurried out the door

and into his car. Now the words Luncheon prices?... reasonable, too. For a special

that he hadn't been able to speak to

Diane were right on the tip of his treat, there's the Sunday Brunch at only $2.50—

tongue. He had so many things to or the musical luncheon and ZCMI fashion show

say to her, and he knew fust how to say them. He knew that it didn't each Monday.

matter if he didn't have a fountain in the corner of his living room, or a statue or an original painting....

He had a wonderful family. Hadn't

Mary Jackson just said so? Hadn't

he really known it all the time?

FOR RESERVATIONSDA 8-9114 PRELUDE P.S.PARKSkyFREERoomat thedinnerHotelguestsUtah

BY MARIE DAERR Garage. Drive right in!

How loud the silence speaks in FOR THE HANDYMAN woods NEW Blacks. Decker

Brownblanketed by autumns hand.

1/4"Utility FIXKIT The brighteyed squirrel, tail erect,

Carrying case conChatters staccato reprimand tains the U-100 Va"

At sifting leaves and querulous anddrill attachmentswith accessoriesfor wind all those home and LEARN CHILD QUICKLY CAN child or7x6=?does he answer INSTANTLY Until—as though it had been shop projects. YOURCan your

He'll needing sevens? be to ADD UP six

his life tables of every planned—88 havethe multiplication day

—regardless of any new math systems now

right learn the introduced. being him Help way, methodical, Deliberate, PAID*19 POSTAGE

little effort. heart, or with no and Hang by STATES IN UNITED

attractively our designed tables times up to take command. ANYWHEREThe snow arrives

silent, 30", (17"chart everever-ready, x present). $1.25 plus 25c postage and handling.

Special Raising Rates Quorums, Fund PEHRSON HARDWARE

Organizations. Groups, VENNO-AMBISHfor S. 11th East, 2115 Salt Lake City, Utah Calif. Valley, Road, Carmel TURES, 106 Rancho

SEPTEMBER 1963 797

1st WmtVieue* CHOICE \sffonrve

IN OVER Folding Pedestal SALT LAKE CITY To Help Them Practise

What We Preach 40,000 TABLES M, full A CHURCHES ( Continued from page 757 u,npr(uiA pip talked to Dad before about quitting smoking but didn't seem to be getting through to him. I Leader For Over

usually always mentioned this in Half A Century!

my prayers, asking the Lord to help MonroeEvery yearTables!moreRealchurchesproof buyyou

him, but it just didn't seem to be Folding Chairs saveMonroe.moneyManybuyingmodelsdirect fromand

helping. About three months later sizes. Also direct factory savmy father started to show a marked otherings toorganizationschurches, schoolson foldingand

improvement in his attitude about P\ trucks,chairs, tableportableand chairpartitions,storage smoking. Then to our surprise and choral risers, stages. Tested

joy one night, as I mentioned his catalog"DONOR FREE!PLAN"Writeand newtoday!color

friends were quitting, he said, 'I ige Tr THE MONROE CO.

guess this is a good time for me to 249 Church St., Colfax, Iowa

quit.'That was Saturday night. The

next day was Sunday, and my mother YOU CAN RENT IT!

and I said we would fast to help him. We fasted that day, and about

three later days really he was when Style A:

Slenderizing for a hungry smoke he found princess lines a HOWESALES AND RENTSRENTALS cigaret in his coat the courand had with trimmed pearl lace and it age to throw away. he I know buttons. ConBeds—Wheel Chairs front cealed as a result of helped our fastwas

Crutches zipper. ing. He is participating in the Commodes—

B; Style Aaronic Priesthood over 21 class and Tables—Chairs—Dishes

Tailored simplicity with has shown an interest in attending Punch Bowls—Grills

sheath skirt. church meetings, including priestSilverware Back zipper.

first for meeting, hood the in time a

Sizes 10 to 18 Forklifts Tractors—long while. told last mother He my

I6V222V2 Trucks Compressors—Air to start night tithing. paying our

14.98 What a good feeling."All Types Tools

plus tax After a lesson on sustaining the Salt Lake City leaders—"This is an application 2375 South State 4860055

where I tried to like the leaders of Ogden lifetime dresses created for a White of the Church. Against my will I 1627 Washington Blvd EX 4-9414 Beautiful cloud beauty white and service.

40 denier nylon tricot, superbly tailored worked for a member of the bishopand designed. ric, because of this application, and

LeVoy's Inc., 2349 South West Temple, I learned to like and understand

LakeSalt Please send City,me UtahStyle A Style B Size him better."

Name After a lesson on more effective

Address prayer—"In my personal prayers I

City State usually let my mind wander and

Cash with order COD Send $2 with order forget what I'm doing. Then I reand finish prayers. member my

here if interested in becoming a Well, I decided really I would prayPostageO CheckSalesPrepaidRepresentative and be humble about it. When I To compliment your

did pray, I had a really wonderful Temple Marriage

I was I felt got up, doing. When WHEAT MILL feeling as I kept my mind on what I Father that Heavenly heard had my mnd

ONLY prayers. By this, I think I gained a Others from $5.95 for 100.

better testimony of the gospel."napkins wedding Also $695 and in raised lettering albums. Write for FREE lesson a After accepting on an asPOSTPAID only

catalog samples and ANYWHERE in signment the willingly—Church

1 temple.) (state IN THE

UNITED STATES "I gave a talk in Church willingly. REXCRAFT - Rexburg, Idaho 83440

Cracks or grinds I learned a lot from this. I talked (Catalog sent airmail for 25c)

wheat, corn and about some of the problems young all kinds of hard soft grains, or have. trying I'm to Now lbs. per min. people ORDER V/i PLAY RIGHTAWAY!

If Don'l Know Even You f correct of BY MAIL some problems."my of a Music Nate Now GUARANTEED

it's to EASY Mow a lesson After on heeding the learn instruSPECIAL PRICES TO LDS ment. anyboring exGROUPS No 1 promptings the Holy Ghost—of ercises. Start playing

little pieces notes Jliiftitil"right away. byAmazing

progress at in spare time. teacher. No

lesson. per 1,000,000home, PEHRSON students. Write HARDWARE FewBOOKcents

S. U. School of Music, A1209, forPortFREE

(Est. Y. East, N. 1898) So, 11th Salt Licensed StudioN, City 2115 State Dept. Lake Y. ofWashington,Education.

798 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Let 6firoUJyn/ Chili and Tamales"While in my bedroom one night I feeling or prompting a stronghad to perk up your coolweather menus. bedroom.go into At my brothers

first I just ignored it, but it got stronger so I went in and found my Lynn Wilson Chili and Lynn Wilson Tamales baby brother trapped between the are the perfectfood treat for cool autumn crib and the wall."Special prices to weather. Made with only'top quality ingrediAfter a lesson oh gaining a testients, they will fast become a family favorite

mony—"One night as I was reading Church groups on for hot lunch or dinner.the Book of Mormon, t remembered salads—chili—

my application. I got up and tamales—pizza—

prayed. When I started reading

again, I felt a sort of burning inside frozen steaks me, and I knew what I was reading to be true. Up to that time the

Book of Mormon was not too interesting to me. After that I really

enjoyed reading it."

After a lesson on reverence in

Church—"I tried to get one main

point from speakers at Sacrament meeting. Since I started to do this, Wholesome Nutrition

I have listened to almost all the Delicious Hearty Flavor things the speakers have said."Heat and Eat Convenience

These testimonies are only a sampling of what has been done in the classes of one teacher, but it CALL demonstrates what young people canand will do if motivated and encourHU 6-8716 jjfmQJtftoiv aged sufficiently and appropriately.

The family can contribute much for Bulk Prices to this motivation and encouragement; for example, suppose a young

to fast of chooses family amember next the fast Sunday onand pray in NO RISK!

closer attempt to comean to his...Exclusively known YOUR GROUP CAN RAISE $100 TO or in an attempt in heavenFather

to find an answer to a problem. It as the $2500 IN 4 T0 15 DAYS WITHOUT RISK

should be apparent how the underOR INVESTMENT THROUGH MASON'S of the experiencestanding and of the enhance family can other baking powder PROTECTED FUND RAISING PLANmembers a student Suppose an attempt.such counof groups throughout the

resolved to behas more patient conducted famous in with the Thousandstry have successfully his or her dealings with the family. MASON PROTECTED FUNDRAISING DRIVES,

It is obvious how much more fruitraising money quickly and completely icithful the attempt can be if the family out risk or investment. We supply a choice

is aware of the desire and is anxious of topquality mason candies, beautifully to help. hasboxed.an Atattractive,no chargeprintedto you,band,each packagebearing

There may be times when the your organization's name, picture and slochosen "application"may be too gan. We even prepay shipping charges! You

personal to discuss with others, but make a big net profit of 66%% (40<? on

the fact that members of the famevery box that costs you 60') and you pay ily are pulling for him and are willnothing until after your drive is over.

ing to help should give much moral Ant/tliing remaining unsold may be resupport and encouragement to the turned for full credit. For com plete inforindividual involved. mationin the couponwithoutbelow.obligation, write us or fill

Consider the many successful people who have paid tribute to the I Mr. GEORGE RAUSCH, Dept. 978

influence of and the encouragement Mason, Box 800, Mineola, N. Y.

received from their loved ones. The Gentlemen:tion, informationPleaseon sendyour me,FundwithoutRaisingobligaPlan,

Age of such influence must notpower (If under 21) It Name or ignored. underestimatedbe

can contribute measurably to getOrganization.

ting young people to practise what Street Address we preach. City State How many members.! Phone Mason Candies, Inc., Mineola, L. I., N. Y.

SEPTEMBER 1963 799 A wonderful opportunity for YOU

These Times Reading Reforms FREE TUITION (Continued from page 730)... at Hollywood Beauty College in Salt Lake City, Utah

We have just moved into our modern new building in downtown Salt

Lake. The new facility allows us to double our registration of students. I can either check a dictionary for

the correct sounds, or try it on finest instrucwith the Learn to be a leading hair * Train * colleagues; learned one of my more latest scienthe tors—using stylist.

in and, of the absence learn Mother, methods. Learn A preferred him. sound from job placement after the to earn $100 a week * tificFree more. and to learning at In read Spanish age graduating.

twelve, German at nineteen, and at it twentyfive, "sounding MAIL THIS COUPON French also the chief introducout"was

FOR FREE TUITION tory tool.

CERTIFICATE Children between birth and two 2,000 hours of training years of age accomplish the most

Offer expires Oct. 1, 1 963 amazing feat of learning in their en245 S. Main, Salt Lake City, Ut. tire lives. Language is learned. The

SCHOOLS IN FIVE WESTERN STATES infant learns to listen, understand,

UTAH COLORADO IDAHO NEVADA MONTANA then speak himself. The home and

its vocabulary is his greatest teacher.

Sound (phonetics) is involved. The

magic of comprehending alphabetical symbols, reading, as well as hearing the sounds they express sugStudy gests to many that Cadmus should O not be forgotten in these times. y Together

at Home ky ifiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii AUTUMN GOLD imi IGaSG S6H0 BY CORA R. PH1L.L.IPS

Free W HOME STUDY Gold sequins flung from aspen trees

Catalog to... Are strung with green and brown NAME Leafjewels to form a ruffled frieze

ADDRESS For glamorous Autumns gown.

Wild goldenrod in clustered clouds

CITY Pirouette on hill and plain,

STATE While harvest spreads pale amber

HOME STUDY, Brigham Young University, shrouds

Provo, Utah On fields of fruit and grain.

blushing sky wears gildedNEW LOW PRICES! The

MULTIPLE YEAR and IN USE lor SEVENTYFIVE YEARS bands

FOREIGN ERA Aids in treatment of Canker, simple To keep her rendezvous

SUBSCRIPTIONS sore throat and other minor mouth With Neptune in cool, cradling and throat irritations. sands

In effect now, prices for ALL Of oceans depthless blue.Improvement Era subscripHALL'S REMEDYtions are as follows: Salt Lake City, Utah At rainbow's end spun gold is <:>i)-i>t [|'0'l)4 yearsIyear o years spilled—2 3.00 5.75 8.25 O

succeedingEach More than earth can hold—year add FREE Catalai And Nature's treasure chest is filled to 3 year price.$2.50 TEACHING AIDS STUDY AIDS With myriad mints of gold.

GENEALOGICAL AIDS P. O. Box One

135 S. State St. Salt Lake City, Utah LDS AIDS SMITHFIELD UTAH

800 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "My young friends, I have been asked what I mean by word of honor. I will tell you. Place

me behind prison walls—walls of stone ever so

high, ever so thick, reaching ever so far into the ground—there is a possibility that in some

way or another I may be. able to escape, but

stand me on the floor and draw a chalk line around me and have me give my word of honor never to cross it. Can I get out of that circle?

No, never! I'd die first!"—*Karl G. Maeser

"WHATEVER DUTY THOU ASSIGNEST ME, SOONER

WOULD I DIE A THOUSAND TIMES THAN TO FORSAKE

IT."SOCRATES

"TO ME THE HIGHEST THING, AFTER GOD, IS MY

HONOR.''LUDWIG VAN BEETHOVEN

"NEVER ESTEEM ANYTHING AS. OF ADVANTAGE TO

THESE THAT SHALL MAKE THEE BREAK THY WORD OR

LOSE THY SELFRESPECT."MARCUS AURELIUS

The great ones have had much to say about honor. But saying it

doesn't necessarily make it so. Reciting a pledge, expressing a

creed, making a promise with the phrase uon my honor"therein is lofty business, a beautiful pursuit, a noble aim. But again,

saying so doesn't make it so. Doing does.

Honor operates in your life through an inner determination ofcumstances—nothe will to do whatmatterseemswhat!goodYourand rightconscienceto youisunderyour theguide;cir-

a sense of shame and varying torment is your punishment for acting against your sense of honor, falling short of your own ideal.

Honor is more than duty. It is more than selfrespect. It is

better than the praise of men. It is more than Aristotle's uhighmindedness."It goes beyond virtue and rules out vanity. It

couples with courage.

To be honorable is to be Godly.

To be Godly is our ultimate aim, our promise of maximum happiness.

To help you in your efforts toward becoming more u like

Him"we give you this issue as a starting point in your search for making honor a part of your life.

o WE BELIEVE BY PRESIDENT DAVID O. McKAY

The man who is truly honest with his God is the basic virtues of a noble character.

honest with his fellow men. "We believe in being honest, true"—true to

Personal integrity is simply plain, everyday self. That man is untrue to himself who would

honesty, sobriety, and respect for others'rights, take advantage of his neighbor. That man or

such as will win the confidence of one's fellows. woman is untrue to himself or herself who would

In upholding the good in others he makes better refrain from being kind to those who merit kindhis own soul. He that looks for good shall find it, ness. Being true to self means being true to the

and he who protects another's good name makes best that is in one, not the lowest, nor the meanbrighter his own. est, but true to the highest ideal.

True virtue is possessed by him who with un- "We believe in being honest, true, chaste"—

wavering integrity protects the honor and good chastity is the foundation of virile manhood; chasname of his friends and associates. It is the best tity, not indulgence, contributes to virility. Nature

within him expressing itself. will let that energy come through the intellect

Dishonesty is a spiritual disease. The man who or through other sources. Chastity is the virtue

steals is inviting into his soul that which will that contributes to the peace and harmony of life.

prevent him from growing to the perfect stature "We believe in being honest, true, chaste, of Christ. Let us then, as individuals, grow from benevolent"—benevolent in heart, beneficent. "We

within; be men and women of God, pure withbelieve in doing good to all men."

in, repentant. Those are the elements which contribute to a

The real test of any church or religion is the great character, especially when you add to them kind of men it makes. faith in God, whom you recognize as an OmnisOne of the great, basic guides of the Church cient, Omnipotent Being who is our Father, and

is the Articles of Faith. Let us study a part of who asks us to contribute to the glory, no matter

the thirteenth article together: how many worlds he created. That is why he "We believe in being honest"—the foundation said: "... this is my work and my glory—to bring

virtue of all character. Honesty and sincerity are to pass the immortality and eternal life of man."

(Moses 1:39.)

SO 3

HAPPINESS *** AND HONOR

If one finds real happiness, he has to have an strenuous endeavor. If we stand idly by, if we

enduring and satisfying appreciation for his naseek merely slow and slothful ease and ignoble tional heritage. All over America and in certain peace, if we shrink from the hard contests where

countries elsewhere youth are being taught the men must win at hazard of their lives and at the great truth that what they do matters to their risk of all they hold dear, then the bolder and country, that to strengthen character is to stronger peoples will pass us by and will win for strengthen the nation. themselves the domination of the world."

The United States Air Force Academy has a This talks not alone of our ability to stand up motto: "We will not lie, cheat, or steal, or tolerto the communists and say, "You drop the bomb,

ate among us one who does."Now, you figure and we drop one."It talks of what is inside the

out what that means in terms of you. You figure individual American citizen—how much he cares,

out what that means in terms of personal responwhat he is willing to give.

sibility and responsibility other than for oneself. I listened to Brother Harold B. Lee interview

What it means is that what you do in that automen for important church responsibilities one day, mobile, what you do in that classroom, or business and one of the things he asked some of them place, or lunch line matters. If anything stands was, "What are you willing to give, to sacrifice?"

out clearly now to people who are apprehensive The answers were interesting.

about impending international incineration, it is

I ask you, what are you willing to givethat what we are, individually, matters—infinitely Now

much. It matters to our country; it matters to for your country? Your life? Most of you would

our happiness. admit to this. But are you willing to LIVE now,

Theodore Roosevelt said these words: that the spiritual and moral core of this nation

"I preach to you, my countrymen, that our counmay have the benefit of your strength?

try calls not for a life of ease, but for a life of It matters, and it matters to your happiness.

BY MARION D. HANKS

DICK ARNOLDUS

ANAHEIM, CALIFORNIA

LORRAINE TAYLOR

BOUNTIFUL, UTAH

AUDREY DELL H UrIkH!

WHAT AN HONOR

hat an honor to meet and be given an award by pattern my future in the true fulness of the the President of the United States! It seems that gospel. It was not a sudden revelation to me nor

astronauts and foreign dignitaries aren't the only was all black turned to white, yet an impetus was ones so awarded these days. Audrey Dell Hamgiven to me so that I may live my life not in

merich, a 17year-old Columbus, Georgia seniorto- selfishness but in love and helpfulness to be was given an expense paid trip to Washington my fellow men."

DC in May, for the annual meeting of President This summer, Audrey has been studying nuclear

Kennedy's Committee on Employment of the physics at Ohio University as one of 30 secondary

Handicapped. Audrey received the honor by being students in the United States awarded a grant

chosen first place winner in a statewide essay by the National Science Foundation and the contest sponsored by the President's committee. university. Nuclear physics will be her field of

Before meeting President Kennedy, Audrey acstudy in college.

cepted a citation from Governor Carl Sanders Audrey has many other achievements to be of Georgia. proud of, including membership in the National

As new converts to the Church, Audrey and Honor Society, the National Thespian Society, and her mother make their home in Columbus while the Baker High School debate team. She has won

Sergeant First Class Elmer Hammerich is serving over $350 this year in essay contests, placed secwith the US Army in Korea. Contemplating her ond in the county science fair for her research in

recent baptism Audrey said, "The Church has physics, and was selected the "Most Intellectual itself not changed my life, but instead given me a Girl"of her high school. And, in her spare time,

realization as to the falseness of my previous Audrey assists the Red Cross as a Junior ways. It has instilled in me the motivation to Grey Lady.

THE HONOR

COUNCIL

ITS HISTORY in several directions. With the increase in memWhen Dr. Karl G. Maeser first held a class at bers to 40, it was possible to create a division of

Brigham Young Academy, he put his students on labor. Two bodies were organized—one to carry

their honor. Since that time a spirit of honor on the counseling and one to promote the educahas been traditional on the BYU campus. Until tional activities of the council.

1949, however, there was no formal honor system. Under the leadership of succeeding chairmen,

In that year the Honor Code and the Honor Counthe Honor Council has continuously striven to cil were established at the request of the student improve and progress to become a more effective body as a project of the Blue Key National Hongroup. Of course, there is yet much room for imorary Service Fraternity. The Honor Council, provement, and that is the challenge for futhus officially organized in 1949, has evolved ture councils.

from a strictly disciplinary organization to a counseling body with the welfare of the individual ITS MEMBERSHIP students in mind. Many times the question is asked: "How may we

Through the years many problems came up become members of the Honor Council?"

which the Honor Council had to face. When the Honor Council positions are appointed posistudent and administrative groups finally became tions. At the beginning of each semester there

separate and distinct bodies, the council was faced are generally a number of openings available on with the conflict regarding areas of jurisdiction the council. A 2.5 grade point average is required

of the respective organizations. The conflict was to apply for a position.

resolved by designating the authority to the stuThe general procedure to apply for the council dent Honor Council to handle violations of the is to fill out a standard application form and make

Word of Wisdom (particularly including smoking an appointment for an interview with the council and drinking), cheating, and lying. The Honor chairman and vicechairmen.

Council was also to be a recommending body and On the basis of the applications and interviews, was to recommend the action to be taken to the the field of prospective members is narrowed.

administration. The administrative group, known Those still being considered are asked to take sevas University Standards, was to deal with stealeral personality tests and have an interview with

ing, immorality, cases referred by the Honor the counseling service to discuss counseling techCouncil, and any other violations which occurred, niques. The applicants then return to the Honor

and was to have final jurisdiction in all discipliCouncil chairman and vicechairmen for a nary action. final interview.

All information concerning any case is kept Using this information, the new members are strictly confidential. selected. There are generally representatives

The council is traditionally composed of a from each class, both male and female. They are

heterogeneous group—both male and female memappointed for one year and are chosen primarily

bers representing all classes—thus being more for their desire to serve, their interest in people,

representative of the general student body. The their counseling ability, and their own personal

group numbered between 10 and 20 students, detestimony of honor.

pending on the number of cases to be handled and the time required to work with the violators, until ITS COUNSELING SYSTEM the fall of 1962 when it was felt necessary to enThe counseling body of the Honor Council, under large the council. Previously the counselors had the direction of the vicechairman of counseling,

to spend time in educational projects as well as is responsible for actually meeting with the viocase work, thus making them spread their efforts lators of the Honor Code and acting as counselors.

BY BEATRICE M. GOFF

As a case is referred to the Honor Council campus remind the students of the importance (through the mail, in person, or over the phone, of integrity in their lives. These generally are in

from a student, faculty member, or the violator the form of a question or quotation, such as himself), it is assigned to a counselor. That coun- "I trust you all. I put you on your word of

selor is responsible for reachingthe violator and honor."—Karl G. Maeser

arranging for an initial interview. This is gen- "What is the value of your honor?"

erally done by mail. When the student comes into "Make honor the standard of all men."—Joseph

the Honor Council office for the first time, both Smith.

the chairman (or vicechairman of counseling) "What standards govern your choices?"

and the counselor meet with the individual. If it "Honor—Spirit of the Y."

is determined that a violation has actually oc- 2. Sacrament meeting and fireside conducted

curred, then appropriate action is discussed. The by the group and held in onand offcampus wards

action is based on the nature and seriousness of to stimulate thinking and spread success stories.

the offense and whether or not the student has been before Honor Council previously. 3. An Honor Spirit Week on campus with a deIn counseling the students, we as Honor Counvotional hour speaker; a questionanswer booth

cil members try to provide meaningful experiset up on campus; various charts and displays

explaining the principle of honor and how theences—experiences which will make the students

think and realize the importance of what they do. Honor Council works.

One of the experiences we can use is a tape re- 4. Publicity in the campus newspaper, the

cording of an interview. With the knowledge and Daily Universe, throughout the year and pamconsent of the individual, we can record the conphlets about the Honor Code have been distributed

versation and play it back to the student so he can to the student body on several occasions following hear what he really sounds like—can listen to a devotional program.

his words objectively.

Another experience is a Word of Wisdom 5. Themes on Honor and council activities are

Anonymous group. A small number of students written by the freshman students, thus making

them more aware of the function of the Honorwith Word of Wisdom problems meet together in

System and their part in it.a group about once a week to discuss the difficulties or successes they have had in overcom- 6. Faculty cooperation is attained through a

ing their habits. Through the experiences and meeting with faculty members and encouraging

encouragement and the bond formed with fellow them to support the Honor System and encourage students with the same problem, these students honesty in their classes.

gain more courage and confidence to abandon old practices and begin new ones. One of the biggest tasks of the education group

is to spread the spirit of honor beyond the limits to thoseITS EDUCATION TECHNIQUES. of the university itself—particularly

The education body of the Honor Council, under students who plan to attend BYU as incoming the direction of the vicechairman of education, freshmen. Pamphlets, letters, and programs are

is concerned with letting the students know what prepared for them explaining the Honor Code and the council is doing with promoting the spirit of the standards which they will be expected to live honor on the campus. This group has undertaken by while at the university. During Freshman

various projects throughout the year to accomorientation in the fall discussion groups are held, plish this goal. talks are given, and a movie is shown to clarify

1. Posters placed in each of the classrooms on the honor system even further.

MARVA MEFFERD RIVERSIDE, CALIFORNIA

I write this testimony without pride without selfrespect or happiness.

or in any way to impress anyone beThe school year of 1959 I attended cause this is a story that is something the BYU and moved in an offcampus that I would really like to forget. apartment with three roommates

This story is written for those peowhom I knew. We were all members

ple who work with the Honor Council of the Church, all believed in its prinof Brigham Young University in ciples, and each one of us used tohopes it may inspire them to love bacco. It is interesting to me why

those with whom they are asked to young people such as we were bework, and to let them know of the ginning to use tobacco, especially good that they can do. I honestly LDS young people. It seems as though

believe that the Honor Council is the when we take time to analyze these most important student organization things later, there are many underon this campus or any campus in the lying reasons, almost as numerable as world. I would rather be a member those who use these things. When

of this wonderful group than be we are active in the Church and feel student body president or hold any our lives are going according to the other office that may be held by a will of God and to the satisfaction student. This testimony is an enof ourselves, we feel good about going

deavor to share with you why I feel to church and associating with the this way. Saints who we feel are much as we

First, let me tell you a little of my are. Those who rebel also need assofeelings of why honor is so important ciates—associates that are as they

to me, and why I desire that others, are. They need them even more beas well as myself, have every opporcause these are the only people that

tunity to live in honor. I have been they can be comfortable around.

taught that one of the major reasons I have thought so many times for our coming to this earth was to about all the hours I spent sitting in prove ourselves outside of God's the back of the classroom, covered presence. Prove ourselves to whom? with aftershave lotion, chewing gum,

I feel that God knows us well enough hoping no one would sit down by me, to know the way in which we will act and generally being as miserable as under given circumstances. We are it is possible for a human being to be.

here to prove ourselves to ourselves. The lectures that were being given

Can one even aspire or think of beby my professors were meaningless coming as the Savior or even God if to me, and my grades began to drop he knows in his heart he has no lower and lower. The only time there

honor? Can a man or woman give was happiness was when I could be

his or her word that he or she will not with those that I felt would accept cheat, will not use tobacco or alcohol, me because I was just as they were.

will not lie, and then doing so, have It was at this point, probably the enough selfrespect to let himself lowest point of my life, that I reeven stand in the presence of God? ceived a call from a member of the

I am sure the answer would always Honor Council, asking me to meet be "no."No person that allows himwith him. I went through a great

self to lose respect and love for himdeal of mental anguish trying to figself can find happiness. I know ure out some kind of story to tell to

because I have lived a time in my life him. But down deep there was a sense

MYTESTIMONYofthe

ANONYMOUSHONOR COUNCIL

of relief, because I would at last have help overcome these temptations. In

an opportunity to be honest with a few weeks I was able to overcome

BYU and the students there. I this habit, and I felt as if I was probwrestled with myself for a long time ably the happiest man in the world.

trying to figure out whether to lie Yet the happiness had just begun.

or to admit the things that I was doAs I mentioned earlier, my rooming (my impression at that time was mates were all troubled with the that I would be suspended from same problem, however, out of "loyschool with no second chance). As alty"to them, I did not mention their

I went to my meeting with the Honor names to the Honor Council. We did

Council, I had still not decided. not get to see each other very much

In the Honor Council office I met but did manage to eat supper together

Bob, who was assigned to counsel every night. I had firmly decided to

with me. He invited me into a small change my life, although I was sure

office, and we began to chat. He told they had no such desires. I began to

me about the function of the Honor bless my food silently each night at

Council, why he belonged to the counsupper, amid the clatter of their eatcil, and answered a few questions ing. Soon I began to notice that

that I had about it. He then looked they would not start eating until

me right in the eye and asked me if I raised my head. One night one

I knew why I was there. "Yes, Bob, of the fellows said, as we sat down

I know why I am here,"and then I at the table, "You're pretty selfish, related to him the things I had done aren't you? If you have to do that,

against the standards of the univeryou might as well take 'the curse'sity, and the ways I had let my feloff our food while you're at it."For

low students down, as well as my many nights in a row I asked the family and friends. I'll never forget blessing on the food that we ate.

Bob saying, "That's very interesting When we would go to bed at night, however, that isn't why I asked you I would wait until I thought they in today."It turned out I had nothwere all asleep, and then I would

ing to do with the charge involved. kneel at the side of my bed and ask

In the ensuing few weeks I grew the Lord to help me withstand tempto love Bob and to lean on him very tation and provide a good example for heavily. He was always waiting for my roommates whom I had grown

me to walk down to the assemblies to love dearly. As I knelt down one

with me so that I would not be night, one of them spoke to me and tempted to go to the pool hall at asked if he could kneel with me.

that hour. He was never there alone, Within a few nights all four of us

either, but always had a new person were having family prayer. So for

to introduce me to, a new friend for many weeks I acted as a voice for us me to lean on. And slowly but surely at the dinner table and at the bedside.

my desires to use tobacco left me Soon, the others began to take their not without a great deal of prayer, turns. At the end of the school year,

fasting, and fighting the temptations instead of four rebellious students in which came upon me! I felt as if our apartment, there were four elders

every person in the world wanted to in the Church.

give me his last cigaret. Bob knelt I had the opportunity this sumin prayer with me on occasions, to mer to attend a wedding reception of

en one of the boys. As I walked into the THE WRONGS OF CHEATING

room, he came all the way across the Cheating is not a worthwhile trait. It leads to

hall and hugged me and thanked me much unhappiness on the side of the one who's that I had helped him to be married cheating as well as having him looked down upon for time and all eternity in the temby his fellow students.

ple. That was worth every minute of The person who cheats is hurting no one but

work and tears I had put in to gain himself, because if he continues cheating throughself-respect. out college, he will be condemning himself. If

In 1960 I was given the privilege of he majors in a subject such as medicine and begoing on a mission to serve my Heavcomes a doctor, he won't know much about his enly Father. In five months I was profession if he has cheated his way through colcalled to be a supervising elder, then a lege, and he won't be able to apply himself in

traveling elder, then special reprethe different positions he's put into.

sentative, and counselor to the misThe Honor System at the university is one of sion president. I had the opportunity the best things that a college could have. There

during this time to see many, many are so many colleges where cheating goes on, wonderful people become members of and nothing is done about it, but the Honor Systhe Church. tem makes the student aware of the fact that

I do not mention these accomplishhe is on his honor and that cheating isn't the ments for any other reason than to right thing to do.

show that because one man, a counThe Honor Council is a very necessary group.

selor on the Honor Council, had If the student breaks the honor code, it is up to enough love in his heart to go the this group to see why the student did this, and extra mile with a person that was in talk this problem out with the student. It is the

trouble, many good things came purpose of the council to help break the student about. What if he had not done his of this wrong, and help him to see that this wrong

job as he was asked? I shudder to could lead to more cheating until the student

think of it. I thank God he did his would never study and depend on cheating to get

job. I write this testimony for those his grades. In a situation like this, it would be

who work on the Honor Council. best for the student if someone would turn him

There are people in the university this into the council and let them explain how wrong very day that can be helped by us. this is and help him to start his college life in

I am proud to belong to the council, the right way and to study and depend upon his

I love every member of it. I hope learning, and only his, for a grade obtained by

that my story may be of some himself and not someone else.

value to someone in the work that I think it is up to the student to realize that is performed. cheating is not a good habit to get into and that

if a student wants to major in a certain college and learn the subjects taught by this college, it is up to him to learn this by himself. Cheating is

something that is done more often than one imagines, and I feel that when every student realizes that this is not right, it will help him to grow and develop and contribute all of his own knowledge to America, as well as to other countries so that these countries may develop into some of the best nations in the world with the besttrained people ready to hold many jobs offered to them, and jobs which they will be able to handle. john w. hardy

it =

DIANE TRIMBLE

UTAH If FILLMORE,

J CONFORMITY, A REAL CHALLENGE "Oh! Why did I ever give in?"—this is from an lished ideals, and when we killed new ideals beaverage, American girl; and this from an Americause they were too different, when we found

can boy: "I have never regretted my willingness fault with that mighty document, the Constituto conform."tion. Yes, here was the beginning of the end,

The first is a quotation from a heartbroken when we abolished the Constitution! This never

girl who told this sad tale: "We had nothing to would have happened had we not gone for that

do, and someone in the group suggested that a ride, the ride which once appeared entirely right, ride in the hills would provide excitement and but was tragedy in reality. We were foolish if

thrills to last a lifetime. It would be more like participating in group thinking; I am sure that

true adventure if our parents weren't let in on individual reasoning is for the best. I am for the

it, they decided. At first, I was completely against individual who stands up for his rights, for

the whole idea, but my friends were so persuasive the individual who forgets himself and works that at last I consented to go along."What was toward the betterment of life for others, for the

to be sheer fun turned into tragedy. The car was individual who represents progress.

too crowded for safe driving, and at a sharp When a person has big goals, he aims high and curve it plunged out of control over the steep accomplishes much. Should he compromise, he

mountainside. It was indeed an adventure which would retrogress. So, should the men at Cape

lasted a lifetime, for the girl received scars that Canaveral slow their efforts, seeing that we are cannot be erased even by surgery. so advanced in space exploration? Should doctors

The second quotation is the proud statement of stop struggling to save more lives, knowing that a boy 19years-old. In saying, "I have never none others contribute so much to medicine? Must

regretted my willingness to conform,"he referred a runner reduce his speed when he realizes that he to his obedience to laws and rules of our society. is three yards ahead of the rest? Definitely not!

Although these are two examples of conformWe have already seen the results. But these reity, they show that the act of submitting is of sults do not have to be! The challenge of contwo entirely different forms. To conform so that formity might not be as obvious for me as it is

one's moral standards are compromised is inviting for others. Yet it does exist. During a time of

trouble or at least taking needless risk. peace and plenty we don't think or act as accuToday, we are all conformists; we conform to rately as we do during war. Communism would be

rules of society—to the laws of the land—and we protested even more strongly now if we went to

have a successful, organized government. But war than was Nazism during World War II. But

let us take a look at a different people: they are we are not at war. Communist promoters are

going about among chaos and corruption. Everyhaving a joyous holiday. It is not hard to inone is out for all the money he can make. People doctrinate anyone when he is not on the alert...

no longer respect the government, because it has so, to win the battle against spiritual destruction crumbled. As the controversial Karl Marx once of this nation, and the battle against communism,

prophesied: capitalism cannot stand. Soon a we must be alert and informed, we must accept

dictator will arise, followed by the perfect society. conformity as a challenge, and conquer it!

And look at these people. The truth is hard to Conformity, and by that I mean compromise,

find among them, crime is going unpunished. The begets idleness of thought; idleness of thought

majority no longer has a goal. The purpose of begets indifference; indifference begets idleness

life is lost. See how the schools are idle. Service of deed; and idleness of deed begets nothing: thus,

organizations are no longer in existence; for it is here I am: nothing, unless I accept the challenge.

thought a useless action to bother about those To hold fast, even under pressure, to that which who can't take care of themselves. I believe is right, to those things which my parWhat could have caused this deteriorated living? ents, my church, and my school have taught to me,

What land is this? It is America in the year 1992, is my challenge. And if I cling to my principles,

and we have caused the breakdown.... It all then conformity will no longer be a real chalbegan when we were too quick to destroy establenge to me!

JESSIE LEONA JONES

HONOR ANDYOU

DID YOU

EVER CONSIDER:

What it really means when you vow, "I give you my word of honor...."

What kind of promise you are making when you recite, "On my honor I will...."

What kind of effort is needful What affect there should be on if you are to "graduate, with you if you attend a school operhonors...."ated on "the honor system.. >?

What kind of scholastic success What kind of special behavior is you must chalk up in high school required if you are to keep the if you are to be given an "honors Lord's commandment to "Honour at entrance"award for college.... thy father and thy mother.... n

The Last Word

The first sure symptoms of a mind He that doth a base thing in zeal for his in health are rest of heart and friend burns the golden thread that ties pleasure found at home.—Young their hearts together.—Jeremy Taylor

his Johnny's father shaking found him pet 1 'fyX demanding, rabbit and "Five five, and how much is that?""What's the meaning

of this?"the father demanded. "My

teacher says that rabbits multiply rapidly, but this dumb bunny can't even add."L

We don't mind suffering in silence Tolerance is the ability to keep your shirt if everybody knows that we are. on when you're hot under the collar.

"You know, dear,"the young wife said to her husband, "you don't seem as well dressed as you were when you married me. ""I don't see why not, "he

replied. "I'm wearing the same suit."

There's nothing like the There's no such thing as an first horseback ride to make easy diet—they all make you

a person feel better off. fight every inch of the weigh.

...:":..

Work is the grand cure of all the The mind, grappling with great aims maladiesmankind—honestand miserieswork,that which,ever besetyou andments,wrestlinggrows bywitha certainmightynecessityimpediintend getting done.—Thomas Carlyle to the stature of greatness.—Bryant

An atheist is a man who has no invisiWorry is the interest you pay ble means of Buchanan on trouble before you get it. support.—John

for interiors or exteriors

with its natural

endures V* thru the years

The natural beauty and durability of brick walls enhance the spiritual dignity of both interior and exterior surfaces by creating an atmosphere of stability to match the spiritual strength within. Brick

is adaptable to every architectural design and function. It is a standard for quality,

beauty, durability and economy among

Intermountain architects and church engineers. So, for church buildings with

the plus features of low original cost, low maintenance, fire resistance and lasting beauty, remember... BRICK IS

BEST.

y0L efcP /&a4*eg&f(m0k& /'wt&aZfc

BRICKSALT LAKE CITY, COUTAH 3100 SOUTH 1100 EAST

Second Class Postage Paid at Salt Lake City, Utah How much

.. life insurance is enough

to protect new members of your family?

That's one worry you won't have, if you are insured with Beneficial's Family Package

Plan. New additions to the family are automatically covered... along with Dad, Mom,

and the rest of the family. For reliable counsel on your life insurance program, call your

local Beneficial Life agent... or write Dept. E 63- 9

BENEFICIAL

/ndWtiime pympariu

Virgil H. Smith, Pres. \J2>/ Salt Lake City, Utah

Now with over 580 million dollars of life insurance in force