ELDER SPENCER W. KIMBALL

OCTOBER 1954 WITH UNION PACIFIC'S BETTERTHAN-EVER

FAMILY TRAVEL PLAN

If you're planning a trip for the family, then by all means investigate the advantages of Union Pacific's moneysaving Family Travel Plan. Check with your

nearby Union Pacific ticket agent—you'll be delighted to learn how

much you can save!

Remember, too—the Family Travel Plan is good on all Union Pacific trains,

and in both Pullmans and Coaches. The family group boards the train any

Monday, Tuesday or Wednesday, and may return on any day of the week.

Also, the head of the family may return independently on any day of the week.

You enjoy many other advantages when you go Union Pacific, too—no driving

strain... your choice of comfortable accommodations... a passing parade

of scenic beauty through large, eyelevel picture windows... room to roam

... modern lounge cars... and wonderful dining car meals, featuring the finest

of western grown freshlyprepared foods. 300 pounds baggage allowance

on each family ticket, too!

Yes, indeed—for fun and excitement... new adventure... rest and relaxation

at low, moneysaving family plan prices, be specific... go Union Pacific.

For details, reservations, or help with your travel plans, contact your nearest Union Pacific ticket agent.

UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD

the cracker that -features

by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

the great II, to meet geneticsIn demandWorld forWarpenicillin, was used in the production of strains of the mold with greater output. The strain Club Crackers by Purity have

now most commonly'used by commercial a fresh, new flavor... rich 'n

firms originated by irradiating spores of the mold and selecting a spore in which buttery... and a crisp, flaky

a mutation to high yield had been induced. texture.

You'll love their smart new

is dahlia garden not common The shape, too!

in the wild. early known The

Mexicans domesticated various wild species of the dahlia for the food value of their tuberous roots and not for their flowers. The Spaniards found the

dahlia already in the Mexican gardens.

Silicones, the recently discovered family of compounds which use the element silicon, are finding new and interesting uses. One new silicone ingredient for textiles makes the fabric

waterrepellent. Fabrics treated with

silicone will even shed beverages and many foodstuffs without becoming stained. Silicone treatment even speeds

up the sewing of garments since it acts as a lubricant for highspeed sewing needles and preserves tensile and tear strength. Another silicone coating on

bottles cuts down breakage during filling and shipping, and similarly with china.

Coating the inside of a bottle makes pouring from the bottle easier.

After being hidden for 6,000 years a 100mile-long canal system paralleling the Euphrates River in ancient

Mesopotamia has been uncovered from the sands. The canals were discovered

by Thorkild Jacobsen of the University of Chicago's Oriental Institute in Iraq.

The canals also served for navigation between towns.

A radicaldrilling newtechniquedevelopmentis nowin beingtooth tried which applies the ultrasonic methods used in industry for precision cutting of metals, hard minerals, and other difficultto-work materials. In the

"Cavitron"process a tool vibrates 29,000 cycles each second wdiich sets up vibrations in a special cutting solution. This

method is quicker, quieter, more maneuverable and far more adaptable

ful. than the dental burr, and less painPURITY BISCUIT COMPANY s.. **.,*.

OCTOBER 1954 689 A MORMON CITY MANAGER

An Incident at Daytona Reach, Florida

by Dr. G. Homer Durham

VICE PRESIDENT, UNIVERSITY OF UTAH

"T\aytona Beach, Florida, has a city office, getting "the feel"of the town ** manager who is a member of the by going around talking to people.

L D S Church. Broad experience with He also toured the city in company

the U S Bureau of the Budget, other city with business and other local leaders, manager posts, and as director of the including the League of Women

Minnesota "Little Hoover Commission"Voters. A program of public works

preceded his Florida appointment. improvement, budgeting, and municipal

Daytona Beach has a permanent resipersonnel procedures was installed. Redent population of some 35,000 not funding of old financial issues was

counting the many tourists. It was established.

ridden with gambling which fed and After the first full year, which began corrupted local politics. The city plant with a deficit of $138,000 plus $175,000

was in poor condition, sewer and drainin unpaid bills, the new budget proChristmas Gifts age systems rundown, and expenditures duced a fiscal year's end of most satishigh. factory nature! There was a surplus

loved ones In 1948 the local ministers and others of $66,000 and all bills were currently will treasure..* concerned launched a "Civic Affairs paid. The Ladies'Home Journal of

Committee."The comNovember 19 5 3 paid

HandPainted mitteetacked thecourageouslycore of theatcomplimentsarticle entitledin a"Arousedleading civic problem, the gamilk Citizens Clean Up the Keepsake Miniature bling casinos. Closing jp Town—Daytona Beach,

the illegal houses, the Florida."

Made from a new picture or from committee severed the This year Daytona your favorite old picture in connection between the Beach was named one of good condition*. Handpainted underworld and politics. the eleven "AllAmer-

Ivora, lasting oils rich in on election ica"cities Thwarted magaLook by by a 24kt. goldplated by enhanced

step frauds, next the was zine the National and set against plush and frame draft a "fraudproof"to election law Municipal League.

velvet in a folding leather case. which was passed by the state legislaMuch has been written about the

LIMITED TIME ONLY ture.3-2 majorityBy 1950onthethereformcity groupcommission.had a meritsment, ofthethatcouncilmanagertypical Americanplan,developsince

Progress was temporarily halted when it first appeared in 1908 in Staunton, 95 the reform mayor switched sides. Virginia. It has supplanted the comRegularly 77.95 Aroused citizens began a recall action. mission form as the most popular in-

*savings new also on restoration The mayor was succeeded by another novation from the mayorcouncil (Original picture returned.) reform candidate. scheme and constantly invades the terThe first new move was to find and ritory of the later.

MAIL ORDERS FILLED appoint a professionally trained city The work of good managers like manager and place him in charge of LeRoy F. Harlow is a credit to the

Allow 3 weeks for Delivery administrative operations. LeRoy F. profession. Readers of this column may

Harlow, the Mormon city manager also take considerable satisfaction in the

Mercantile CoOperative Zions at the from West, then Middle Minneachievements of such men in these Salt Institution, City Lake 10, Utah year. hired at a sota, was $15,000 He times.

send a handpainted Please me to work. went at special framed and Miniature

price of 9.95 made from enclosed The first troublesome problem was

picture. want these colors in still of the old regime, an effort enIN ABSENTIA miniatureI my

city's in trenched the holdpatronage

Hair Eyes over, to "get"the new manager. The By Ethel Hope Hodson

Clothing collecting to stop technique was little left loved and refuse HPhe house we Name of a strike. and garbage by means silently since -* Stands are gone we Address

the LeRoy Harlow went on air and yet utterly bereft not And State Town still slants across The sun for support. the lawn appealed and mayor The

enclosed order money Ocheck or In loveliness of close at day; up, the backed commissioners him

(no still account Qcharge whispers the trees The my through wind leading housewives even C.O.D.) mayor shifting in Beneath play; which shadows

ZCM1 PHOTOGRAPH STUDIOvolunteerand the commissiontrash collections.won. Harlow TheAbovebeesthe dronecountlessdrowsyflowersmelodiesthat cast

Second Floor Meanwhile, knowing his job, Mr. AndTheirtwofragilewhosefragrancetenancy everywhere;is past

Harlow had spent his early days in In thoughts and dreams are often there.

690 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

FOR TIME OR

ETERNITY?

By Mark E. Petersen

This wisely told story will be enTHE CONTENT, STRUCTURE AND AUTHORSHIP OF joyed by young and old alike. THE BOOK OF MORMON

the throughout Church Known for By J. N. Washburn

his inspiring counsel peoto young

E. Petersen impressively Mark testimony of the a strong The author, a man with

tells of ple,and interestingly the necessuccessfully pursues a middleof-theroad living, for sity clean marGospel, temple riage, and maintenance of high course in objectively analyzing the content, strucstandards of the Church. $2.00 ture and authorship of the Book of Mormon, carefully reviewing and answering criticisms for those

GOSPEL origin divine in the difficulty accepting have who

IDEALS of the Book of Mormon, a defense book. the of Not

By David O. thrilling into vast subinquiry a and rather an but McKay

The inspired ject. 53.00

words that President David O. McKay has

written and spoken during 1 nearly five dec- 1 ades! $4.00 TWO NEW DOLLAR C

THE FIRST 2000 BOOKS YEARS Cleon By W. BELIEVE WE Skousen LES SCRAPBOOK GO By

- i f n s c a t a Les Goates A By Stewart Pate Ora which ing book of wit, lifetime 1.0 <**'first time, For the A answers more objective and humor people the young specific than 500 has reporting been have of the Church problems from by assembled Les explaining book the of time Adam his for scrapGoates f Articles o athe to the of days from Clipped book. in earthly real Faith $3.25 Abraham. in the his writings to Easy language.

understand, interDeseret News during years, past 20 the esting, and is choice, casual here tative, Be- "W authori-e THE CHALLENGE its best. at reading lieve"sets down TIMES OF OUR

of the the doctrines $1.00 By Church. $1.00

Cleon Skousen W.

Those vital and fundamental truths of Skousen's famous Sunday evening Tabernacle broadcasts. H u n -

dreds of vital quesanswered.t i o n s brilliantly$2.00 GENEALOGICAL SUPPLY HEADQUARTERS

YOUR FAITH AND DELUXE BOOK OF REMEMBRANCE

YOU Beautifully and durably made. Leatherette

By cover in rust, blue, black, and white.

reinforced E. Petersen throughout Mark

matchless your priceless With records family gentoandprotect sight inim&liiiiiilJpH ealogicalHeavily for forthyears. forms and $5.00

right directness. Elder Petersen shows

the straight needforwardfor thinking and action for a more abundant life. $3.00

REGULAR TEMPLE RECORD BINDERS

HISTORY OF Gold embossed temple binders for Salt

JOSEPH SMITH Lake, Idaho Falls, Los Angeles, or AriBy Lucy Mack zonagenealogicalTemples. forms.DesignedBlackto accommodateor brown Smith

The inspired leatherette cover. A grand gift. $3.00

life of the beloved Prophet Smith Joseph as ORDER BY MAIL OR THRU BOOKCRAFT DEALERS by his told mother in 1845 has been edited by Preston Nibley. Containing

intimate truths about her son.

$2.75 THE AMERICAS BEFORE COLUMBUS BOOKCRAFT1186 SOUTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY 4. UTAH

By Dewey Farnsworth $5.00

OCTOBER 1954 691 \Jfficiai Lyrgan of THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD

TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF

Jke Lhurck or

or cJLatterdau Jatnti r r*-> VOLUME 57 NUMBER 10 \Jctober 1954

Editors: DAVID 0. McKAY - RICHARD L. EVANS

Managing Editor: DOYLE L. GREEN

Associate Managing Editor: MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

Production Editor: ELIZABETH J. MOFFITT - Research Editor: ALBERT L.

ZOBELL, icover Editors: Contributing JR.ARCHIBALDManuscriptF. BENNETTEditor: IRIS- G.PARKERHOMER DURHAM Jhe

FRANKLIN CLAUDES. HARRIS,B. PETERSENJR. - HUGHSIDNEYNIBLEY B.- SPERRYLEE A. PALMER

General Manager: ELBERT R. CURTIS - Associate Manager: BERTHA S. REEDER

Business Manager: JOHN D. GILES - Advertising Director: VERL F. SCOTT The latest photograph of Elder Spencer

Subscription Director: A. GLEN SNARR W. Kimball of the Council of the Twelve

is our cover study this month. Elder

Kimball was sustained as a member of that quorum in October 1943. This duotone- process cover was made from a black

The Editor's Page and white photograph by Boyart Studios.

(See also page 704ff.)

Reaching Youth—Excerpts from "Gospel Ideals"

President David O. McKay 701

Church Features

EDITORIAL AND BUSINESS OFFICES

Your Question—Were the Nephite Twelve, Apostles? 50 North Main Street

Joseph Fielding Smith 702 Y.M.M.I.A. Offices, 50 North Main St.

Hebrew Idioms in the Book of Mormon..Sidney B. Sperry 703 Y.W.M.I.A. Offices, 40 North Main St.

Spencer W. Kimball of the Council of the Twelve Salt Lake City 1, Utah

Richard L. Evans 704

New Zealand's One Hundred Years Albert L. Zobell, Jr. 710 Copyrighttion of the1954Youngby MutualMen'sFunds,MutualInc.,Improvementa CorporaAssociation of the Church of Jesus Christ of

Highlights in the Life of Spencer Awards 727 Latterday Saints. All rights reserved. Subin foreign scription price, advance; $2.50 a year, A. L. Kimball, Z., Jr 694 Conference 727 Men Attend W. LDS

in year, 25c $3.00 a advance; Priesthood 696 Melchizedek Church The Moves On 752 subscriptions,single copy.

Eightyfour Percent of Girls Receive Presiding Bishopric's Page..754 Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah,

as secondclass matter. Acceptance for mailing

at special rate of postage provided for in section

Special Features 1103,1918. Act of October 1917, authorized July 2,

The Improvement Era is not responsible for unThe Teacher and the Taught Christie Lund Coles 709 Allsolicitedmanuscriptsmanuscripts,must bebutaccompaniedwelcomes contributions.by sufficient

Southern California's MIA Conference 714 postage for delivery and return.

Does Smoking Shorten Life? (A Reprint)

E. Cuyler Hammond 716 Change of Address

The Spoken Word from Temple Square Fifteen days'notice required for change of ad-..Richard L. Evans 736, 740, 742, 748 dress.address Whenslip fromorderinga recenta change,issue of pleasethe magazine.include

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Beach, Florida, G. Homer DurAddressaddress aschangeswell ascannotthe newbe onemadeis included.unless the old

Harris,.690 Times, These Jr A Mormon City Man689 ham ager—An Incident at Daytona Your Page & Ours.768

Today's Family National Advertising Representatives

You'll Find Peruvian Influence in If I Were in My Teens, Carol

S. RussTOWNSENDBuilding COMPANY Beth Moffitt's Menus, Iris HandyHinckleyHintsCannon 760761 EDWARD

Parker 756 What Shall We Do? Iris Parker..762 San Francisco, California

EDWARD S. TOWNSEND COMPANY

1324 Wilshire Blvd.

Los Angeles 17, California Stories, Poetry SADLER AND SANGSTON ASSOCIATES 342 Madison Ave.

New York 17, N. Y.

Vote of Confidence Raymond Dreyfack 713 - DAVIS & SONS

Something to Be Sure Of Maryhale Woolsey 724 30Chicago,N. LaSalleIllinoisSt.

In Absentia, Ethel Hope Hodson..690 May Young 699

Frontispiece, Hills of Gold, Eleanor Poetry Page 700 Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

692 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

cofovhy yoto..the paint by PABCO

And so practical... stays fashionright, colorbright, for years.

PAINTROOFING - SIDING.

AVAILABLE WHERE YOU SEE THIS EMBLEM

PABCQ PRODUCTS INC., BAN FRANCISCO, CALIFORNIA

OCTOBER 1954 693 Highlights in the Life of

EIDER SPENCER W. KIMBALL

Compiled by Albert L. ZobeU, Jr.

RESEARCH EDITOR

March 28, 1895—Born at Salt Lake City,

the son of Andrew and Olive Woolley

Kimball.

May 1898—Moved with his family to

Arizona.

October 5, 1907—Baptized on his 8th

birthday.

December 10, 1910—Ordained a teacher

by James L. Wilkins.

1914—Graduated with highest honors

and as president of his class from

Gila Academy, Thatcher, Arizona.

June 6, 1914—Ordained a priest by

Andrew Kimball.

September 15, 1914—Ordained an elder

by Edwin S. Davis.

October 16, 1914—Ordained a seventy

by J. Golden Kimball.

1914—Called as a missionary to the

Central States.

January 1, 1917—-Completed his mission to the Central States; at the time

of his release he was president of the

It's the grapes! NovemberMissouri Conference.17, 1917—Married Camilla

Eyring. To them have been born

The world's finest grapes are grown Spencer LeVan, Olive Beth, Andrew

In the sundrenched San Joaquin Eyring, and Edward Lawrence KimValley of California on the Western ball.

Slope of the High Sierras. From these welicared-for vineyards, stretching January 1, 1918—Called as stake clerk

mile after mile, only the best of each of the St. Joseph Stake.

year's crop is selected and dried in June 1918—Vice President, Roosevelt

the sun to make Plump and Meaty Council, Boy Scouts of America.

Brand raisins. That's why Plump and Board member of other councils.

Meaty Brand are the tastiest, plumpest, meatiest, most luscious raisins September 8, 1924—Ordained a high

you ever ate! priest by Heber J. Grant.

8, as counSeptember 1924—Sustained

Make all your foods RICH with St. of selor in the stake presidency

Plump and Meaty Brand raisins. Joseph Stake.

Plump and Meaty Brand Natural Active in Rotary, traveling to many

Seedless Raisins are: places in the United States, Europe,

PURE UNADULTERATED Canada, and Mexico, in its behalf.

CONTAIN NO CHEMICALS February 20, 1938—Sustained as presiOR ARTIFICIAL dent of the then newlyorganized Mt.

PRESERVATIVES Graham Stake.

His business interests in Arizona were banking, real estate, and radio broadLuscious Plump and Meaty raisins come to casting.

you as fresh as the day they were packed July 8, 1943—Called to the Council of

twicesealed in Flavotite cartons or bags. the Twelve.

They stay fresh and hold their natural goodOctober 7, 1943—Ordained an Apostle

ness and taste. Try them today! by Heber J. Grant after being sustained to that calling at the general

SAVE! Buy the economical two and four conference.

pound 16, Central bags, twicesealed in Flavotite. November 1952—Dedicated They keep! gosthe America for preaching of the

VAGIM PACKING COMPANY FRESNO, CALIFORNIA waspel asopened.the Central American Mission

694 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA By the company he keeps

You*re always in good company when

you bank at First National Bank. It's

a sound institution... "The Bank

With the Backing."Friendly service

and sound business practice for over 64

years has made the FIRST NATIONAL

BANK a good place to bank.

The First National Ba nk of Salt Lake City 1st South and Main * Salt Lake City

David 0. McKay, President Orval W. Adams, Executive Vice President

OCTOBER 1954 695 Another New The Church moves On

L.D.S.

A Day To Day Chronology Of Church Events Masterpiece

The sixteenth anniversary of the

July 1954 founding of Deseret Industries was noted. It is estimated that during this

Kj Elder Richard L. Evans of the time that Deseret Industries has saved

Council of the Twelve dedicated the Church welfare program a million the combination Westchester Ward dollars.

chapel, Inglewood (California) stake Mrs. Belle S. Spafford, general presihouse. dent of the Relief Societies of the

Elder John Longden, Assistant to the Church, returned home from Europe

Council of the Twelve, dedicated the after attending the triennial conference chapel of the Geneva First and Second of the International Council of Women wards, Orem (Utah) Stake. held this year at Helsinki, Finland.

Sunrise services were held in Salt Lake During the trip she visited many of the

City, and other religious services were major cities of Europe and "found Reheld in Salt Lake City and throughout lief Society organizations, on the whole, the Church, honoring the Utah Pioin good condition."

neers.

Jimmy Hiskey of Pocatello, Idaho, August 1954 had the best score, 108, for the twentyseven holes of golf during the President David O. McKay dedifirst day of play at the annual allcated the chapel of the Vancouver

ISRAEL ChurchOgden (Utah)golf tournamentCountry Club.held Inat secthe Canadian(British Columbia)Mission. Branch, Western

Davis of Provo, Southern California Conference DO YOU KNOW? ondMontana,place wereand VenPaulSavage of Sumatra, f\ Preconference events of the

Utah, each with 114; Warren Brown of of the Mutual Improvement AssociaLeGRAND RICHARDS Salt Lake City, Keith Cheney of San tions in Los Angeles included a

Schneiter California, and Gene Diego, sports institute and camping as convincing Marvelous As Work And A YWMIA all 115; Dean and Israel of had newlypublished the Utah, Wonder, Ogden, Do A shop. and a dance department work vigor.! real missionary has You Know? 116. City of Salt had Lake Robinson this conviction outstandsincerity and With of the performances drama MIA Two gives complete ing the book compreand

hensive picture of the Lord's purpose, as festival were held in the East Los biblical the MorBook and the allChurch Hiskey won Angeles Junior College Auditorium. latter in these the 7 Jimmy days monrevealedscriptures,in of—a score of with of golf tournament the the reuniting kingdoms, House two

Israel of and the House proof, the author has shownof Judah.throughTo offerex217 for the fiftyfour hole course. He fi The Southern California Confertensive recent research happenings how ence of the Mutual whose Brown, Improvement Warren followed by was

in Palestine, as well as in America, 228. Associations opened with a Savage, reception at and of this score evidence Ven great was 226, prophecy now givebeginning to be fulfilled. Keith Cheney with 229, Gene Schneiter, the East Los Angeles Junior College

This presentation of of the purpose the Re231, and Paul Davis with 232 were next Auditorium, followed by general sesespecially stored written been Gospel has for our many Jewish friends. $2.00 with their scorings. sions in the building. Elder Mark E.

William S. Tanner of Santa Monica, Petersen of the Council of the Twelve

California, won the senior section of was among the speakers in the morning the allChurch golf tournament. Secsession; Elder Hugh B. Brown, Assistant

ond place in this competition, open to to the Council of the Twelve was a those over fifty years of age, was won speaker during the afternoon session. vmQt by A. J. Henderson of Draper, Utah. The MIA music festival was held in

the Hollywood Bowl. Booh Co. j It was announced that Elder

i>\9jnHarold B. Lee of the Council of 7 Departmental sessions occupied

the Twelve and chairman of the LDS most of the day at the Southern 44 E. South Temple servicemen's committee would leave California Conference of the MIA.

festival predance was The MIA for Orient, the the accomweek City within Salt Lake of before sented audience 22,000 an Sister Lee. twomonth panied by The DESERET COMPANY BOOK in the East Los Angeles assembled South TemoSe 44 East visiting in trip will mission spent be

CITY, SALT LAKE UTAH stadium. College Korea, Junior units in and servicemen's Japan, Gentlemen: that the geneannounced It was Philippines, the Hong Kong, will find ( ) check Enclosed you ( ) money Okinawa,

order ( ) charge to my account $ Guam, and Wake. alogical library of the Church had

for copies of Irsae!! Do You Know? It was announced that Elders Bernard acquired its fifty thousandth book and

rolls of microthousand hundred of Cross, Utah, Walker and one Woods Name S. are film. of microfilm equal The rolls of Salt Derrick G. Lake City Royden

Address had received appointments to the to about three hundred thousand printed

City State Deseret Sunday School Union general volumes.

Residents of Utah include 2% sales tax. board. {Continued on page 741)

696 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA in What's NEW L.D.S.

LITERATURE 1. Stalwarts of Mormonism

PRESTON NIBLEY A missionary proselytizing in a faroff corner of the world... a

handcart pioneer writing a bit of poetry by the light of his prairie campfire... an Old World artisan building a flour mill

in the desolation of hostile Indian country—all these rich,

heartwarming stories of pioneer personalities who dedicated their lives to the service of others are yours in this handsome volume for only $2.00

Sacred Stories for Children—PRESTON NIBLEY

OLD TESTAMENT MARIE FELT 4. MAN... HIS ORIGIN AND DESTINY

Children will be delighted with these easyto- Joseph Fielding Smith follow and charming stories of father Adam, In answer to conflicting attitudes expressed concerning of good and great prophets, and other outscience and religion, President Smith offers this simple standing men and women of the Old Testaexplanationhere on earth.of theThisdivinebookoriginencompassesof man anda widehis purposefield of

ment. The author, with one delightful study. It offers concise, authoritative answers to consweep, has captured the inspiration of the fusing questions, and will greatly strengthen the faith

Old Testament in stories that children will of all its readers. $4.00

find unforgettable. $3.95

5. MATTHEW COWLEY SPEAKS

3. Colonia Juarez From the depth of his heart, this great Apostle spoke.

This outstanding book offers some of the most beautiful

NELLE SPILLSBURY HATCH and inspiring sermons ever given in the history of the

Here is a story of an unusual town... how theL.D.S.IslandsChurch.that InApostleits pages,Cowleyit capturesloved sothewellmagic.. of.

it was founded... how it flourished, almost /fc'and it encompasses the very core of all divine princiexpired, but finally revived. The exciting, ples. $4.00

colorful incidents are told by an accomstoryteller andplished who lived in the town 6. LIFE ETERNAL it intimately. $4.00knew

Lynn McKinlay

In a series of highly interesting discussions, the future life and destiny of man is revealed... the three kingdoms of glory in life beyond the grave and their significance... the responsibilities and truths that lead to

teerfia'eternal life and everlasting joy. $2.00

olonia ijwk E

in uarez'Deseret 44 East South Temple—Salt Lake City, Utah r

SSPJtVv"DESERET BOOK COMPANY 44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah

Gentlemen: Enclosed you will find check Name money order charge to my account the following amount $ for Address the encircled (numbered) books: City State

1 2 3 4 5 6 Residents of Utah include 2% sales tax.

OCTOBER 1954 697 BUEHNER BLOCKS for your new Church or School are now "pressure cooked"to highest quality in industry history

NEW EAST ENSIGN CHAPEL AT 9TH AVENUE AND K STREET, SALT LAKE CITY is built with attractive "halfheight"8x4x16 Buehner Block. Architect: R. Pope.

Mason Contractor: T. H. Duncan; Construction Superintendent: Arthur T. Allen.

Buehner Blocks are now cured in giant autoclave Here are other plus benefits in Buehner curingunits that operate very much like a homeBlock construction for your new church or kitchen pressure cooker. Temperature and steam presschool:

sure are controlled within precise limits for perfect Attractive, modern appearance—Buehner

concrete curing... so that blocks come out stronger, block walls give a contemporary look to

more durable, and "preshrunk"for stability in the any church, school or home. New Buehner

wall. Architects, engineers, and concrete experts alike Block sizes and shapes, colors and textures,

have hailed autoclave curing as the greatest stride in wall patterns, and mortar joint treatments offer the unequaled design versatility.

the block industry since hand molds were replaced by automatic machines. Low installedin-thewall cost and low upBuehner offers the only autoclavecured block in this area. keep make Buehner Block a "best buy"for

many types of construction.

Soundabsorbing exposed block walls—

FOR UTAH RESIDENTS ONLY now so popular for school and church classSend for new book of attractive conrooms, recreation areas, hallways, as well crete masonry wall patterns for homes, as for fine homes—offer appreciable savschools, churches, offices, and other ings on interior finishing; and require only

in recent buildings... awardwinner

national product literature competiinexpensive masonry paints or clear sealer tion. finishes.

Now, more than ever, you can build better at less cost with...

autoclavecured <% ** uehnerl Block THEY'RE PRESHRUNK Buehner Block Co. - 2800 So. West Temple—Salt Lake City, Utah

698 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA—Hal Rumcl Photo

Hills of Gold by Eleanor May Young

olden days, beneath these rugged hills,

InMen delved for gold and, finding, staked a claim,

Nor cared a whit for others'rights or ills,

But seized the glittering metal without shame.

Today those hills shine golden in the sun;

Bright dollars shimmer in the aspen leaves;

Their yellow coins pave paths where children run

And gather shining treasures into sheaves.

Upon this western hill the pearl boughs shake

While golden showers on my shoulders fall;

Wealth glistens at my feet: it's here I stake

My claim to autumn—in King Midas'hall.

Though I possess my heritage of gold,

I leave my brother riches manifold.

OCTOBER 1954 699 r—""

OCTOBER THE SOLEMN ASSEMBLY OCTOBER'S CRY

By Ada Breise Cromer By S: Dilworth Young By Leah Sherman

file is in see the earth shattered cry men by October's offers things many NowOctober doors crisp leaves, leaving By their Of I many brown to harvest hold, and To places. their take mothertree To ofLike stores grain nuts and and game,

flight. reverie In sudden Nocturnal apples gold. redAnd and but into room, winter's stark, Fades empty The sky. cloudridden a moment

fills rapidly, Before, This silver season now sped autumn wings: on eornshoeks in the field, standingBrown

his assigned taking seat lingering Each as golden years; other No inOrange a row, pumpkins

is Quietly. Hillsides There no talking, depleted beauty, sadly sings bittersweet fence, theWild along whispering. dark clouds Of passing over, No dropping grapes low.And wild hanging

tears. is they come. Solemnly There no

for all paintsOctober to see, here. Lightmindedness will Soon tears mingle own the with myBright pictures to remember,

is filled his thoughts. with Each own rain of nature's scenes hoardA to be are those thoughts? full What hearts While sorrow as sun the warm inRecalled bleak December. for Each answer must leaves.

Himself. The winter world is weighted down with

pain: SMALL HANDS ON THE LATCH AsAmfor Ime:worthy to be with this great corps Earth'sheartchildrengrieves. saddened and my own

Of men Nostalgically bright colored beauty goes: By Edith M. ]. Hounsell Determined to serve the Lord? hard, Buried beneath diamondstudded

Am I pure in heart, that snows.

Spirit of the Lord swarthy fruitvendor laid his hand TheThe into enter May her head on

And wistfully, these are the words that he My Am being?I ready MY BROTHER'S KEEPER said:

receive"How mucha you take for this blonde little To instructions By Bertha A. Kleinman The thing?

admonitions And"I like-a smile, her falls her hair in and hold own my upon my own home those are Of who rings, To soil, Spokesmen"Or this part you biglitta maybe with boy: Is sufficient ground for feet to stand, my the For Lord? f ilia life"He'd a with joy."veramuch my challenge aliens to Why fence foil, I and lay aside Can myI childless, he knew was unwilling to be,

fretting With combat in Private plans, own homemy heart tear'dAnd eyes with a my my warm land; Ambitions, sympathy.

quell is To neighbor fray my no of Pride, mine, isHe we nothing knew—as know—there call Nor the mine his to precincts Selfish invade, purposes, can match hold is To my battle line, I as my asked do And own—that amThose giggly sweet voices, small on hands Myself is subdued—that first crusade; my heart, With whole latch. the brother's is rote for My not to say, me Devotion, is world's trivial,The worth unworthy if And, brother's I keeper my be, must of Strength purpose. veneer jot of stewardship No I betray, do of Strength body, withCompared privilege the of children yield to him the Who of might agency; of Strength mind? rear. to right alone to My point his destiny If so, then perhaps I can become

Worthy to be "Know ye the truth, the truth shall

Among those who sit today make you free!"

A TOWER OF GRATITUDE In solemn assembly.

By Josephine ]. Harvey AX HANDLES

SONG FOR GOLD By Alma Robison Higbee climb... By Elaine V. Emans

fierce winds where life hisI Up whole through he had loved All lanes of freedom. theSweep I thought there was a the heft Howtimecurious that hickory, peeled Of smooth his and son when

Across the spaces, For loving golden things, and it was fall Sold the small farm they owned, he was

There are shadows With maples, and its golden hills to bereft

And sunny places. climb Of all that he held dear; he took but one

When, if the heart has'loved well, it can Loved thing from home, a cut of hickory

There is need of strength call wood.

And blessed tranquility, Back golden palominos, any hour, Prisoned in city walls, he tried to please,

To keep a quiet heart. And finches with a cheer bright as their But son and daughter never understood

feathers, How he hated the life of utter ease.

I look upon a sea Forsythia, time and again, to flower, He sat alone and watched the slow days

Of shining, tawny wheat And all varieties of golden weathers. pass,

Latesummer-lengthened. For all of life the heart adores the laughter But in his narrow room he learned to lose

It knew for gold, and every golden song, Himself with pocketknife and piece of

The everlasting hills And blond hair, once adored, for decades glass,

Which frame the verdant valley after Shaping ax handles that he would never

Are beautiful and varihued. Comes back with haunting faithfulness, use.

and, long Far removed from orchards, fences, and

Joy and love have companied with me As there is power in the heart to cherish, pasture bars,

And deep within my soul Life's rare and golden moments cannot He still remembered meadows, hills, and

There is a tower of gratitude. perish. stars.

700 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA >x>:>o<>jsj\3v>N2s2\>v

#lPir

Reaching Youth I Excerpts from Gospel Ideals by President David O. McKay

Youunlessare notyou goingfirst toletbringthembackknowerringthatyouthyou He"wildwhooats"comesin toyouthhis bishopthan tohasaska foryounga recomgirl.

are interested in them. Let them feel your mend to take a pure girl to the altar is expected

heart touch. Only the warm heart can kindle to give the same purity that he hopes to receive.

warmth in another. Wayward boys and girls * *

of them. suspicious people around are sometimes "highest, virtue is the with crowned A woman are not wanted. idea that get the they Others excepting gift precious holiest, to man,"most

The kind hand or the loving arm removes suspionly salvation offered in the gospel, and that expeconfidence. Your awakens own cion and forms part of it. But a woman who barters her

of value the evidence of bears rience ample virtue "is not one of the least of man's shame."

personal companionship.

life, young the influences upon As I recall my

I say the duties, might of the paramount One of that I memorizing the greatest believe the was is to merit of parents duty, and win paramount in f will spirit dwell not saying: important "My children. their of confidence the

an unclean tabernacle."I

the ability character, founded spotless upon A of talk about our a young good deal We hear of those the presence to "no"in who say are that they days. these mock people say Some in- 9>9)

and jeer, wins the respect and love of men and different, that they are losing their interest in women whose opinion is most worth while. the Church. I do not agree with this accusaDrinking and petting parties form an environtion. My experience with the young leads me to

dulled sense becomes the moral in which ment a time youth never believe that there was when 1 It then sway. holds passion unbridled and they truth, sincerely the were sought when bemore

comes easy to take the final step downward in more responsive to assignments made in the 9) moral disgrace. Church, when they were more observant of the 1

ideals for which this Church stands.

fact that there blind to the not Oh, of comes when I am true womanhood The test are I that I also there are wavering. those of chastity. know at the court who innocent stands woman

All qualities are crowned by this most precious are young people during our youth who wavered.

virtue of beautiful womanhood. It is the most I realize that there are those who stand on the

vital part of the foundation of a happy married sidelines and, arrogating to themselves superior life. There is a general idea throughout the wisdom which they do not possess, would fain

world that young men may sow their wild oats, guide and dictate, but there have always been but that young women should be chaperoned such. The great majority of our young people

and guarded. But... in the Church of Jesus are desirous of living the truth.

Christ there is but one standard of morality.

No young man has any more right to sow his (Concluded on following page)

ItEditors Page, OCTOBER 1954 701 THE EDITOR'S PAGE (Concluded from preceding page) unchastity. Keep yourselves unspotted from the world,

I realize the temptations were never stronger than the fundamental element in pure religion.

they are today; but the young people who resist these No, we are not shutting our eyes to the dangers,

temptations deserve all the greater credit. We hear but I want to tell you we must not shut our eyes to the

about young boys and young girls who indulge in things virtues of the tens of thousands of 'those who are true contrary to the teachings of their parents and the officers and valiant.

of the Church, and contrary to the ideals of the gospel, larger toobut group hear about the seldom we much teachwill accept the that if our young people I know their for are exerting influence good upon anwho happiest, will the they standards ings be the and live fellow workers and upon their associates. most joyous persons in all the world, and I know if they

Generally speaking, youth are anchored. Somedo not, they will bring sorrow upon themselves and

digress the standards.times they from waver seem to and upon their wives and children in the future.

it their virtue, lose is true, of them, the mostSome benighting and cankering condition that can contaminate young people's lives. I know that there is a Inspiration, revelation to the individual soul, is the

looseness in sexual morality which is dangerous, which rock upon which a testimony should be built, and there is threatening. I know, too, that such breaking down is no one living who cannot get it if he will conform to

of moral standards is manifested not alone among the those laws and live a clean life which will permit the young people, and I warn the Church to guard against Holy Spirit to place that testimony in him.

by Joseph Fielding Smith PRESIDENT OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

Were the Nephite Twelve, Apostles??

"In the class in Sunday School the questhe sick and performing many miracles and administertion was asked if the twelve chosen hy ing the ordinances as they had been commanded to do.

the Savior among the Nephites were Apostles? At the The fulness of the gospel with the power and the ausame time the Apostles chosen by Jesus in Palestine were thority of the Melchizedek Priesthood were given to the

on the earth the Lord chose twelve also on the American Nephites the same as they were to the Church on the continent whom he called disciples. I have felt that Eastern Hemisphere. Moreover, the Lord informed them

there could not he more than one set of Apostles on the that the law that had been given to Moses, including earth at any given time, but some members of the class the offering of sacrifices by the shedding of blood, had thought otherwise, and we have been confused."been done away in him.

While in every instance the Nephite twelve are

The twelve men chosen by our Savior spoken of as disciples, the fact remains that they had among the Nephites are called disciples been endowed with divine authority to be special witin the Book of Mormon. Nephi wrote of his vision nesses for Christ among their own people. Therefore,

given nearly six hundred years before the birth of the they were virtually Apostles to the Nephite race, alLord as follows: though their jurisdiction was, as revealed to Nephi,

"And the angel spake unto me, saying: Behold the eventually to be subject to the authority and jurisdiction

twelve disciples of the Lamb, who are chosen to minister of Peter and the twelve chosen in Palestine. According

unto thy seed. to the definition prevailing in the world an apostle

"And he said unto me: Thou rememberest the twelve is a witness for Christ, or one who evangelizes a certain

apostles of the Lamb? Behold they are they who shall nation or people. "A zealous advocate of a doctrine

judge the twelve tribes of Israel; wherefore, the twelve or cause."Therefore the Nephite twelve became aposministers of thy seed shall be judged of them; for ye tles, as special witnesses, just as did Joseph Smith and

are of the house of Israel. Oliver Cowdery in the Dispensation of the Fulness of

"And these twelve ministers whom thou beholdest Times.

shall judge thy seed. And, behold, they are righteous When the Savior taught the Nephites he informed

forever; for because of their faith in the Lamb of God them that he had "other sheep"which were not of the

their garments are made white in his blood."(1 Nephi Nephites, neither of the land of Jerusalem, and these

12:8-10.) also were to hear his voice and be ministered to by

In fulfilment of this prophecy when the Savior came him. It is reasonable for us to conclude that among

to the Nephites, he chose twelve men and gave them these others who were hidden from the rest of the the Nephites likewise in his chose world, among to minister he nameauthority twelve—to disciples—perhaps

essenlike in ordinances all the functions people continent perform minister unto their and this Americanon tial to their salvation. These twelve went forth healing with the same fulness of divine authority.

702 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA HEBREW IDIOMS IN THE BOOK OF MORMON by Dr. Sidney B. Sperry

DIRECTOR OF GRADUATE STUDIES IN RELIGION

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

ThemonEnglishcontainsofidiomsthe Bookthat ofareMorim- Theindicatinguse of agencybeyadh,or"byinstrumentality,the hand of,"Lamentationstation is too much1:14, inbutdoubt.the interpremediately recognizable by students occurs fortyseven times in the Still another compound preposition

of the ancient Near East as originatNephite record. This use has been is mippene, from (literally "from being in that area. Notice this clause noted before, either by the writer, fore"). In the Book of Mormon it

which says that Melchizedek "did or others, but let me give a few new very often receives a literal transreign under his father."(Alma examples: lation. Notice a few illustrations:

if he reader, average 13:18.) The

... preserved by the.. was who Joseph fled they and before from my presit seldom pass not by completely,does

.. (Italics meaning Lord, of the hand (1 ence; 4:28.) Nephi....

of the the himself meaningasks 5:14.) Lord.) the... (1 Nephi. "by"for he had gone before from my

clause. It is quite unlikely that it And after they go forth by the hand of presence. (Ibid., 11:12.)

...... insomuch that they did fall backmeans that Melchizedek reigned unthe twelve apostles of the Lamb,

(Ibid., 13:26.) before them. also 4:12; see (3 from Nephi if but of his father, direction theder

... afflicted by the they shall be and 17:4; Mosiah 44:12; 4:20, Alma Mormon it that, what does notit does mean 11:21.) their enemies. (Mosiah hand of etc.)

mean? More likely is the view that

it is a Hebrew idiom (the Nephites Similar cases are found in the Old In the Old Testament part of the wrote and spoke Hebrew) translated Testament in Genesis 38:20; Exodus King James Version we find the idiom

very literally by the Prophet Joseph 4:13, etc. translated from (I Sam. 19:8; Isa.

Smith. The Hebrew Bible gives us

everv reason to believe that this view is the correct one. Here are some

From the Book of Mormon:

good examples:

And they fled from before my presence;... (1 Nephi 4:28.)

And Bela died, and Jobab the son of

Zerah of Bozrah reigned in his stead. From the Bible:

(Italics literally "under him"in Hebrew.)... the Lord God of Israel hath dispossessed the Amorites

3439.) in verses similarly 36:33;(Gen.... (Judges 11:23.) (Italics servants from before his people Israel. sent his king of Tyre Hiram And

unto Solomon; for he had heard that they author's.)

had anointed him king in the room of his father:... (Italics literally "under.")

(I 5:1.) Kings

all the people of Judah took Azariah, The use of this compound in the 31:8), "out of the presence of"(I And

which was sixteen years old, and made plural should be noted here. Bidhe, Sam. 19:10), "from the presence of"

him king instead of his father Amaziah. "by the hands of,"occurs in the (Gen. 3:8), "because of"(Ibid.,

(Italics literally "under.") (II Kings 14:21.) Book of Mormon eight times. 7:7), "from the face of"(Ex. 2:15),

it is also Thus according to common Hebrew These are examples: by way of illustration, but

usage for a man to reign "under"... they were brought into bondage by translatedmon: as in the Book of Morsomeone else is simply to reign in his the hands of the Lamanites... (Italics

stead. We may therefore assume meaning "by"or "through"). (Alma 5:5.)... and Moses fled from before it. (Ex.

by the... even hands of their own 4:3.) Melconfidence somewith that when

... the of Israel disposLord hath God (Ibid., 9:10.) brethren? his father"chizedek "did reign under the sessed his Amorites peobefore from

great that the simplythe text means

There is one fairly clear instance pleI Chron.Israel, 11:13;...Zech.(Judges14:5.)11:23; see also his father's reign in priest "didhigh

in this the Testament, usage Old 1:11 also (See and ofstead."Jacob 'abhur, ba compound, The "on translate to it will necessary be but usually Smith 10:6.) JosephMosiah of,"occurs a account of times number it: illustrate to it literally in order

in the conventranslated idiom the in 13:4; the Book (Alma of Mormon

tional manner, but in this particular Their judges have been thrown down 15:3; 19:16, etc.), but because of the

instanceliterally—to(Almaour 13:18)interest heandtranslatedprofit. by the hands of (i.e., by means of) the regular use of the translated comcrag.... (See Psalm 141:6.) pound (phrasal preposition) in Engof Hebrew compound The use

is noticeable veryprepositions in the The verse is obscure, but the idiom lishpointit ofis difficultit other tothanmaketheanyfactspecialthat

Book of Mormon where the prophet is there nevertheless. it does occur. Numerous examples

Joseph Smith renders them literally. There may be another instance in (Continued on page 728)

OCTOBER 1954 703 1 ill H

Spencer W. Kimball

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

by Richard L. Evans

One of Elder Kimball's hobbies is collecting Indian souvenirs which abound in his office and home.

TheSpencerrecordW. Kimball'sdoes not lifeshowwas thatever

easy. Even if it could have been,

his was not the temperament to let it be so. But the record does show, Sister Camilla

as we read it, that he has been guided Kimballone of admiresher husand safeguarded by a kind and farband's Navajo seeing Providence, to become the man blankets.

that he has proved himself to be.

He was born to a tradition of hard work and was transplanted to a pioneering community at three years of age.

He was reared in a family of Salt Lake City. The Deseret News who arrived at his home on Thursday

eleven children. noted this event with a goodnight shall be called 'Roberts.'The

At about the age of seven he was humored comment which suggested only thing that stands in the way is all but drowned.. that he might have been given anMrs. Kimball. As she is an enAt ten, one side of his face became other name. thusiastic woman suffragist and fully

paralyzed, and continued so for sevHis father, Andrew Kimball, was understands the meaning of equal eral weeks. a delegate to the Utah Constitutional rights, he has not yet carried the

At age eleven he lost his mother. Convention at that time, where B. H. day."

At twelve he was stricken critically Roberts, whom he much admired, Concerning this, Spencer has obwith typhoid fever. was debating against granting womserved, "And so my parents 'comIn all these events, as in all others, an's suffrage. And so the paper promised'and I was named Spencer

he has kept a steady, driving course, said: Woolley Kimball!"

with faith in the power and purposes "Delegate Andrew Kimball... is Woolley was his mother's maiden

of his Father in heaven—to guide, to an ardent suffragist. Yet he is broad name—Olive Woolley—and his

protect, to heal, to bring things about. enough to be an enthusiastic admirer grandfather was Edwin D. Woolley

Spencer was born on March 28, of Roberts'intellect. Under such who served for some forty years as

1895, in the family home on the circumstances he has made up his bishop of the Thirteenth Ward of corner of 4th North and 3rd West in mind that a ninepound stranger Salt Lake City, and who was closely

704 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA f '!::::;:::::::: V: ':.:i::::': - -::: I:::::::::;;;::::.::{:: \ j.|:;.':]:: ',::: [.. \:!::.:.: N...-::: = --!!::: \ \

Brother and Sister Kimball with their four children, two daughtersin-law, one sonin-law, and ten of their thirteen grandchildren.

associated with Brigham Young. (He One cannot look at the portraits of

was the bishop President Grant menSpencer as a steadyeyed, darkhaired stories—thetioned so bishopoften inwho histhoughtbaseballthe youngster,tent, withoutkeenfeelingand thatearnesthe hasand metinWidow Grant's son would never at least the beginnings of a man who

amount to anything.) Intermixed in later faced life with a faith and forthSpencer also are the Kimball qualities rightness that have led him to sucand character, from his grandfather, cess in his personal affairs and to

Heber C. Kimball, apostle, prophet, distinguished Church and civic servmissionary, and trusted and couraice.

geous counselor of Brigham Young. First of all, he seems to have been

With the strength and faith (yes, and blessed with the abilty to believe.

even the constructive stubbornness) Secondly, he seems to have been of the Kimballs and the Woolleys, blessed with a willingness to work,

Spencer has in him the stuff of which with the spirit of faithful performance.

strong men are made. And all his He grew up on a small farm, and

antecedents and traditions and experecalls how he worked at haying, riences in life seem to point up to a plowing, harvesting and hauling The Kimballs'youngest son Edward and special purpose. (Continued on following page) his bride of last June, Evelyn Bee Madsen.

Elder Andrew Kimball, faOlive Woolley Kimball, Spencer as a baby with his Elder Kimball as a missionther of Spencer W. mother of Spencer W. sister, Ruth. ary in 1914.

OCTOBER 1954 705 The Kimball home in Thatcher, Arizona, boyhood home of Spencer. Built about 1900. Spencer and Camilla Kimball at the

time of their marriage.

about his affairs with faith that his He is a man of much courage,

Spencer W. Kimball Father in heaven will help him to acphysical as well as moral courage.

complish all that is expected of him. He is aware of his important position,

(Continued from preceding page) He drives himself relentlessly. It and respects it, as he must. But he

grain, milking cows, and caring for is characteristic of him to take a typenever seems to be conscious of "rank"horses, pigs, and poultry. He painted writer in the car, and to write letor of personal priority. He never

the large family home many times, ters as others are driving. His home gives a suggestion of selfrighteous-

painted the buggy and the wagons, is an office after hours, where, early ness. He has never forgotten his

and soaped and oiled harnesses, and late, he dictates many, sometimes sense of humor—-and with his humor

pruned the orchards, and sprayed long letters, suggesting, persuading, there is always the evidence of an and marketed fruit. pleading, exhorting others to more understanding heart.

He knows people; he knows his effective work in Church assignments, Earnestly he has befriended minorpurpose; he knows that he must be or to give encouragement and COUnity peoples, especially the Indians

about his Father's business, and he sel to people with personal problems. and seems alwavsJ to understand

lives life with a great, impelling, To shake his hand is a heartwarm- them. He has befriended them when

sustaining faith. He often speaks of ing experience, for in his handshake theirs was an unpopular cause.

'in them children ofNephi who couldn't have accomthere is not only firm physical He has seen plished the "impossible"tasks he acstrength, but warmth of heart and promise, and has talked untiringly of complishedfaith—and Spencerwithout Kimballa surpassinggoes sinceritysouled affectionof fellowshipfor his andfellowa wholemen. thecipientsday ofwhenthe choicestthey willof ourbe Father'sthe reYoung Spencer (left) with a boyhood Spencer (center) about the age of While working his way through high

friend, Clarence Naylor. twelve, with his brothers Gordon (left), school, Spencer milked about 23 cows

and Delbert. night and morning by hand.

706 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Spencer, (standing, far right) was star forward on the basketball team while attendElder Kimball was a member of a popular ing Gila Academy. quartet for many years. Here the quartet

represents (Spanish) Conquistadores.

blessings, and will not be an underthe First Presidency to leave Salt Lake moved to Salt Lake City in 1943 to privileged people. City and take his family to preside become a member of the Quorum of

I have heard him speak to his over the St. Joseph Stake in the Gila the Twelve.

Lamanite brethren as a father would Valley of eastern Arizona—a stake Modern Arizona history virtually

speak to children, pleading with that came to extend from El Paso, began with Mormon colonization, them to improve their lives, to conTexas, on the east, to Miami, Arizona, when the First Presidency called serve their means, to beautify their on the west, and to the Mexican upon some of the Latterday Saints homes, to rise to their high destiny. border on the south. This calling to settle there in the late '70s and

And Spencer Kimball's sense of rehis father faithfully filled for over early '80s, although some members sponsibility for the Indians doesn't twentysix years—until the day he had been living there a decade

come of himself only. His father, died. earlier. When the Kimballs went

Andrew Kimball, served as president And so it was that Arizona was the there in 1898 it was not the place of of the mission in Indian territory for home of Spencer Kimball from the lush living that some parts of it have twelve years, before he was called by time he was three years old until he (Continued on following page)

Music is one of Brother Kimball's hobbies. Here he is shown enterIn the deep snows of Mt. Graham when Elder

taining seven of his grandchildren. Kimball was president of the Mt. Graham Stake.

OCTOBER 1954 707 story from Spencer's boyhood, which indicates some of the earlier evidences of his conscientious character:

"One day he was in the field tramping hay for his older brothers when the meetinghouse bell rang for Primary.

"'I've got to go to Primary,'he timidly suggested.

"'You can't go today; we need you,'

they said. "'Well, Father would let me go, if he were here,'the boy countered.

"'Father isn't here,'they said, 'and

Elder Kimball's home in Safford, Arizona, built three years before he moved to Salt you are not going.'City.Lake

"The piles of hay came pouring up,

Success in business as a banker and literally covering Spencer, but finally

Spencer W. Kimball builder of a real estate and insurance he had caught up. Sliding noiselessly

(Continued from preceding page) business. from the back of the wagon, he was

since been made to be. General Success in civic and community halfway to the meetinghouse before

Sherman is quoted as having said in service, including Rotary where he his absence was noticed and his per1854, "We have had one war with was honored not only with the presifect record remained unbroken."

Mexico and took'Arizona. We should dency of his own club, but as governor He has paid a full tithing from the

have another and compel them to of his district, and in many other time he was a boy—and will tell you

take it back."Few if any would activities. if you ask him (and you'll believe

agree with General Sherman today Success as a husband, a father, and him when he tells you) that he has andnot—forcertainlyhe holdsSpencerArizonaKimballin awouldparfriend.Success in church service, from deaneveror intoxicatingtasted tealiquor.or coffee or tobacco

ticular kind of affection—an affection cons'quorum president to Apostle. It is inevitable that Spencer should

that is mutual, as evidenced by an And in all this, his earnest drive look back now and recall some of article which appeared in the Oasis, and willingness has helped him to the situations in which he has been a publication of the Safford Rotary lead others to catch the fire of his safeguarded and protected:

Club, in July 1943, when Spencer enthusiasm. There was the time when at the

was leaving Arizona, after four and Jesse A. Udall of Arizona tells this (Continued on page 746)

one half decades, to return to Salt

Lake City: If there's one man that would be missed in any organization, it is Spencer Kimball, and this is more especially true of the

Safford Rotary Club than any other. He's

been so faithful and so "on the job"all the time, we often accept him as a fixture like the president's gavel. Ponder the past

of the club for a moment. Who'll be ready

to play the piano on call? Who'll put on

a program on short notice? Who'll direct

community singing for our parties, and what good will a party be without Spencer to be master of ceremonies?... Regardless of

his religion, every member of the club joins in wishing Spencer godspeed and success in his new work.

It is evident now that during those years in Arizona—and before and

since—there was an unusual man in

the making, with qualities that were early in evidence, which saw him to success: Success in school, where at the Gila

Academy he was president of his class, president of the student body and was graduated with highest honors.

Success as an athlete, playing forward on the Gila Academy basketball team, with an enviable scoring record.

Brother and Sister Kimball with a group of Aztec Indians, members of the Church

Success as a missionary. in southern Mexico.

708 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA to terms this time, or forbid his coming, I merely turned to him, smiling, to say, "If you don't mind, I should like to handle this."

He look surprised, then a little relieved. He left the room, and I

proceeded with the lesson as though there were nothing wrong.

After class, I asked Joe to wait for me. He did so, suspiciously, and we

walked home together in the golden

Sunday sunlight.

When we had gone half a block or so, I said, "You know, Joe, you seem to have the attitude that nobody likes you. I don't know about the

others but I want you to know, I like you. I think you're a fine boy, a

goodlooking boy. You can help me

a lot in the class by helping to keep order."Soon, we were talking about his dog, his few other interests.

It seems too simple, but it worked.

The Teacher and the Taught by Christie Lund Coles ItcauseworkedI didn'tbecauseoverdoI wasit,sincere,becausebe-I did like the boy, the boy I saw beneath the big freckles and the deToa ademonchild, ora teacheran ideal.is oftenIf heeithersees ishasnothisso handeasy toup ferretdo everything.out the backIt fiant attitude.

When the boy went to the univer- a teacher as someone who is ready ward one and encourage him -to parto destroy his ego, to frighten him at ticipate. sity, he came to tell me; when he

every turn, to dominate him, think Two examples, out of many I had, was graduated, he came and told me what torment he must go through will show that I was in a small way his plans, his dreams. Now, he is

during the hours he is with that successful in my methods. in the army. Each time I see his

mother she tells that he sends meteacher. teaching a I was School Sunday

his regards his me and thanks.

boys, But if he sees the teacher as an class of twentyeleven one and ideal, someone to emulate, kindly, twelve years old. They were quite The other case was a girl who was

and willing to help him, what a joy, difficult to manage. But I always from a poor family, who was underand what an influence to his normalcy remembered an older teacher's adprivileged, and bitter about it. She

in his later life. vice about being patient and kindly. wore a perpetual chip on her shoul-

I do not ask anything for my child She said, "If they are talking about der. The other girls didn't like her

that I do not ask for every other baseball when they come in, why, okay, she didn't like them, either.

child. I do ask for fairness, justice, talk about 'baseball until you have She was a pretty girl except for the

and a degree of understanding. their interest. The lesson isn't so sullen, dark look on her face, in her

This is not too much for a parent important as the boys."eyes. I had tried to reach her unsucto ask of the teacher who will do In my class was one boy who was cessfully. Then the time came to

so much in shaping his child's life. a "terror"to all the other teachers. choose someone to help plan a party.

The teacher who cannot do this I had known them to walk out of a All the girls were overeager. But I

should not be teaching. With so class when he was there because they chose her who sat back because she

much controversy over the wages were unable to cope with him. wasn't going to be hurt by being

teachers receive, sight is lost of the One particular Sunday morning, rejected.

great opportunities given them for as I entered the'room, he had just She hesitated, but I insisted. While

doing good, forming character, prepulled a chair from under another we were working on the plans, I said to her one day, "You know, you haveserving faith—investments that will boy, and the boy was on his way,

be paying dividends for years, and screaming, to the superintendent. I the prettiest smile; I wish you would

perhaps, generations. looked at the offender (we will call smile oftener."It wasn't anything to

I have never taught school, but him Joe) and saw that he was terrisay. It was the truth, yet what a

I 'have taught for years in religious fied. The freckles stood out on his transformation it wrought in the

organizations. My experiences were white face like oldfashioned gingerchild. She smiled herself into popurich and more than gratifying. snaps. His eyes were wild like those larity, into a good marriage. I never

I always tried to pick out the shyest of a trapped animal. Yet, he was see her that she is not smiling.

child, the problem child, and give trying to build up his usual defiance. "The lesson isn't so important as

him a little extra help and attention. When the superintendent came in, the boys—and the girls."Oh, not

It is easy to let the child who always angry, ready to make the boy come nearly as important!

OCTOBER 1954 709 new zealand's

One Hundred Years

by Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

RESEARCH EDITOR

Photographs courtesy Gordon C. Young

Thesion earlyto the 1850'sChurchbroughtof Jesus expanChrist of Latterday Saints, newlyrooted in the arid valleys of the American far west. On the worldwide scene,

missionaries were introducing the restored gospel to the peoples of

Scandinavia, France and other parts of continental Europe, Hawaii, South

Africa, Australia—all still thriving

fields of endeavor in the Church.

During the same time, missionary labor was unsuccessfully attempted in such places as India, China, Siam,

Gibraltar, the West Indies. In the

first group, the group of thriving missions, belongs New Zealand. This

mission could be called an outgrowth of the Australian Mission (although it was hundreds of miles from Australia. The two were joined as

the Australasian Mission until 1898.)

The stories of the faith of the Maori of Saints Zealand New and are many

Typical of the mountain scenery is this view of Mt. Earnslaw, near New Zealand fill could size the magazines many distance Routeburn, a short from Queenstown.

of this issue. The late Elder Matthew

Cowley of the Council of the Twelve and the late President Rufus K.

Hardy of the First Council of the

Seventy have retold them, as have all the missionaries that have returned from these islands. Here is a brief

article of the gospel message in New

Zealand: It was at a conference of the Australian Mission held at Sydney,

October 1, 1854, that it was decided to extend missionary activity to New

Zealand. Two of the missionaries,

President Augustus Farnham of that mission, and Elder William Cooke, a recent convert in Australia, sailed from Sydney, October 20, 1854, for

Auckland, New Zealand, where they arrived October 27. In the words of

President Farnham:

On our arrival at Auckland, we found the houses of accommodation in that city full, in consequence of an influx of immigrants, consequently we had to hire unvisited apartments. After furnished having dignity of the and The repose New

respective ministers, notice we gave by is tatthe natives reflected in theZealand tooed faces of this Maori man and womadvertisement of our meeting to be held at an. Tattooing, however, is seldom done the Venetian Cottage; our meeting was very

today. well attended, and as good an impression

710 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA MIA members performing the native Haka (war dance) on the veranda of the Carved House.

as could be expected was made. There the public schoolhouse for a meeting. meeting purposes, no other denominaseemed inquiry, to be much and many purBut on the appointed meeting night, tion should.

.. books.chased our. After several holding

meetings in that city, we proceeded to they discovered that they had been After arriving in Wellington, the

Onehunga, a small town about seven miles locked out of that building. Nevertwo missionaries applied for use of

south of Auckland, intending to hold meettheless, a wellattended outdoor meetthe Institute, a public building usualthere,ings to not permitted but we were do ing was held, with the audience very ly available for meetings, but were so in consequence of the the of departure steamer for Wellington. attentive. Upon announcing that refused permission to use it. They

they had some books to dispose of, then hired another hall. Meetings

Leaving Onehunga November 8, the missionaries discovered that thevJ also were well attended here. About

Elders Farnham and Cooke sailed for had only about half enough to supfour miles from Wellington, at he

Wellington. On November 12, these ply the demand. village of Karori, a spirit of inquiry

elders arrived at Nelson, the principal Later the people of Nelson voted concerning the gospel was manicity on the north end of South Island. that if the Mormons were not perfested.

Here they received permission to use mitted to use the schoolhouse for (Continued on following page)

At Nuhaka, Mahia, stands this carved house of the Church, used for recreational purposes and Hui Taus. {Annual conferences.) Among the opening day visitors were

Prime Minister Peter Frazier and several members of the New Zealand Parliament.

a

called of representative natives of the

Ngatikahungunu Tribe of the Maori race for the purpose of discussing political, social, and religious problems of racial importance....

"Many of those in attendance were old enough to have seen the coming of the first Christian missionaries to

New Zealand, and all were devout adherents to one of the several churches which had already been established among them....

"The great native leaders assembled at this convention could conceive of nothing of more vital importance to the wellbeing of the race than to know the answer to the questions: 'Which is the church? Which

one should the Maori join so there will be once again a unity of religious

One of the branch choirs performing in the Hui Tau contest for missionwide honors. belief among them? Where was the

power of God unto salvation for the

New Zealand's siderHawaiki.their point(Someof ethnologistsorigin to be eitherconMaori"At lastrace?'it was... moved, and the moHawaii or Samoa.) tion approved, that the allimportant

One Hundred Years Elder Matthew Cowley, late memquestion should be propounded to (Continued from preceding page) ber of the Council of the Twelve, one Paora Potangaroa, the wisest spent a sizable portion of his life as chief and most learned sage among

At the annual conference held in a missionary among these natives. them....

1, Australia,Sydney, April 1855, to story. their loved knew He He "Potangaroa's answer one was letElder reported William Cooke by it. 1950 repeat In September The 'wait,''taihoa,'word, means, which after diligentlyter that in laboring of printed one Improvement Era in awhile,'this 'wait or which, and for vicinityWellington some and titled articles, Elder Cowley's "Maori instance, that implied anhe would thetime blessed he with been had of Predicts Chief S Coming L D after later question the swer he hadprivilege of persons baptizing ten Missionaries."quote: We serious consideragiven the matter into organizing branch aand them

of the Church at Karori. "In March 1881 a convention was (Continued on page 730)

If missionary work was pursued for more than a decade thereafter, records in the Church Historian's Office in Salt Lake City are lacking. In

1867, Elder Carl C. Asmussen, a

missionary from "Zion"arrived. Writing from Christschurch, New Zealand, he tells of his three months'

voyage on board ship, during which time he baptized one. Shortly after

his arrival in March, he baptized two brothers, William and James Burnett, who joined him in the missionary labor. Elder Asmussen left New

Zealand on June 6, 1867, after reporting that the Church at that time consisted of one elder, one priest, one deacon, and four members—

total of seven, but that the deacon had departed for England.

During the 1870's the mission struggled on, laboring with the white residents of that land. The Maoris,

magnificent in physique, were probably a curiosity to the missionaries.

These people had the tradition that their ancestors, a score of generations before, had come to their presInterior view of the Carved House. The Church has encouraged the renewal of this

ent home in seven open canoes from type of carving as a hobby. It was fast becoming a lost art.

712 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA in these times was a downright pleasure.

But today Otto's treatment didn't work. The old man's stoop shouldered humility as he limped about the

chair with scissors and comb, squinting nearsightedly through his spectacles, got on his nerves. Also, as if

seeing him for the first time, Crane noted there was something vaguely irritating in the way he studied his lymond Dreyfack subject. There was'an undefinable

air about him, a kind of calculated indifference to time and events, as if would be in the terms of the conhe were an artist poring over a tract. All he had to do was agree canvas, instead of just a barber

with the board, and the burden and cutting a head of hair. Once, Crane

responsibility for pulling the firm out had had the impression Otto was of its present slump could be divided deeply attached to his work; now,

with others. Maybe that was what in the hard light of reality, all he

he rcailv needed, someone to share saw was a doddering old man.

been the responsibility. had pressed He hard Crane on barber's down of remark The a weekLloyd time now, his firm a long piloting buzzer, the his intercom found or to his two ago came mind. He

secretary slow in answering, and shouldering the entire load by himwas thinking of retiring—business

pressed again, impatiently holding self, and he was growing tired of falling off and the like. Now, Crane

his finger on the button until she it. reflected, this was a good idea. The

responded. So why not do the sensible thing? {Continued on page 737) "I'm sorry, Mr. Crane, I was—He had merely to stop thinking of

"Bring in the Forbes file."he his own staff. Men like Stanhaus,

ordered, then immediately regretted Matson, Cavanaugh; women like Miss

his brusqueness. Their impending Trent, who would be forced out of

merger with Forbes was trying on jobs; people who had worked alongeveryone in the office; still that was side him for years helping to build

no reason for him to be cutting and the firm into one with a character rude or to forget the dignity of his and personality of its own. Just

position. stop thinking of them. That's all

A few moments later the thick he had to do.

Forbes Textile folder was placed on Impatiently he pushed the papers his desk. As his secretary withdrew aside. Going over them again was

Crane could see the shadow of conpointless. The decision to be made

cern on her face, the same concern was within himself, not in these being reflected by his entire staff papers. In the past he had always

during the merger talks. They had managed to pull the firm through.

ample reason to worry, Crane reBut now times were changing; comflected. He knew well how rapidly, petition was fiercer than ever, unand with what abandon the ax can stable prices pressing small concerns

fly when companies combine. At hard against the wall. Could he pull

least half of them would be jobless. them out again?

Emptying the folder on his desk Crane replaced the papers in the he picked up a bank statement and folder. "Relax,"he told himself,

briefly glanced at the figures. Then "Get your mind off Forbes and the

—credithe thumbedreviews,throughfinancialthe otherstatements,papers restmeal,of thenit fora a haircutwhile. andHaveshavea goodat

long detailed reports. One fact stood Otto's, make a new man of you, give

out: the Forbes'offer looked good, you a fresh approach. Maybe

very good. Little wonder Hasbrook then...."

and the rest of the board eagerly But at Otto's it was no better.

awaited his final vote of approval. Crane had hoped that here, in his

He should have given that vote sanctuary, he would find a little rest.

days ago, Crane thought, should He had patronized the shop for years, have gone along with the board. It and his father, before being retired

was the sensible thing to do, cerfrom the firm, had done the same.

tainly the best way to safeguard his Always the barber's quiet manner own career. and gentle treatment had been a

title of Executive His Vice Presicomfort to a him, lending kind of \*g\ be changed;dent not would that old tranquility world to his that day,

OCTOBER 1954 713 An estimated 16,000 persons attended the Sunday morning general session of the MIA conference in the picturesque Hollywood Bowl.

Southern California

MIA Conference

(hotoaraphi bit Vic J>te

Thousands of Latterday Saints who had never attended an M I A June Conference in Salt Lake City, had the nearprivilege

August 5-8, in Los Angeles, when a "full scale"Mutual conference was held for the sixteen stakes in the Southern California area.

The general sessions, departments, and festivals held in June were duplicated in Los

Angeles. President David O. McKay, Elders

Mark E. Petersen, LeGrand Richards, and

Richard L. Evans, of the Council of the

Twelve, and Elders John Longden and Hugh

B. Brown, Assistants to the Council of the

EldersPresident Richards (left) David O. and with LeGrand McKay Mark Twelve, were in attendance. Also participating

ofE. Petersen, of the the Southern Council Twelve, in the who participated

California Conference. {Concluded on page 735)

714 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The MIA Theme for 195455 was presented at a general session Friday in the auditorium of the East Los Angeles Junior College.

President McKay and Sister McKay shake hands with General Superintendent Elbert R. Curtis and General President Bertha S.

young folk at the conference. Reeder, who directed the conference, (center) with Elder Mark B. Ross (left)

and Bernardine Wallace (right), coordinators of the conference.

Elder Hugh B. Brown, Assistant to the Council of the A highlight of the conference was the music festival participated in by 1500

Twelve, speaks at a general session. young people, in the Hollywood Bowl.

..

DOES SMOKING SHORTEN LIFE?

AN INTERVIEW WITH DR. E. CUYLER HAMMOND

DIRECTOR OF STATISTICAL RESEARCH, AMERICAN CANCER SOCIETY

a result of twoand-a-half years of research in 394 who never smoked. That is to say, an additional 319

As counties in nine states, workers of the American deaths (75 percent more than expected) occurred among

L Cancer Society have found that cigarette smokers die men who were smoking a pack or more of cigarettes a younger than nonsmokers, mainly from cancer and day at the start of the study.

heart disease. 3. Diseases of the coronary arteries [heart diseases]

Results of the research, which dealt with the smoking were indicated as the primary cause of death of 2,147 habits of 187,766 men between the ages of 50 and 70 and men, 45.6 percent of those for which deathcertificate

which was conducted by 22,000 trained ACS volunteers information was available. The findings in respect to

under the direction of Dr. E. Cuyler Hammond and Dr. cigarette smoking were about the same as just described

Daniel Horn, were reported June 21, 1954, in San Franfor the overall death rate—except that the relationship

cisco at the convention of the American Medical Assowas much more pronounced. Approximately 56 percent

ciation, and have been widely publicized since. However, of the total effect of regular cigarette smoking on the

because of the importance and significance of these findover-all death rate may be attributed to the effect of ings to Latterday Saints, and to the world, we are cigarette smoking on deaths primarily caused by diseases printing here, with permission of the U S News & of the coronary arteries.

World Report, the summary and conclusions of the re- 4. Cancer was indicated as the primary cause of death

port to the AMS, a number of graphs, and a lengthy inof 844 men, 18 percent of those for which deathcertifi- terview with Dr. Hammond. cate examination was available. Cancer deaths were

Following is the full text of the summary and concludefinitely associated with regular cigarette smoking, the sions of the report on the effects of smoking made by effect being particularly marked in the older age groups.

Drs. E. C. Hammond and Daniel Horn of the American About 26 percent of the total effect of cigarette smoking

Cancer Society to the convention of the American Medion the overall death rate may be attributed to the cal Association on ]une 21, 1954, in San Francisco: effect of cigarette smoking on deaths from cancer.

1. It was found that men with a history of regular 5. The findings suggest that there may also be a recigarette smoking have a considerably higher death rate lationship between cigar and pipe smoking and cancer

than men who have never smoked or men who have smoked only cigars or pipes. A total of 3,002 deaths

occurred among men with a history of regular cigarette smoking. If they

had died at the same rate as men who never smoked, then only 1,980 would have died. In other words,

1,022 additional deaths (52 percent FOR ALL CIGARETTE SMOKERS; FOR HEAVY CIGARETTE(pack a day or SMOKERSmore)

more than expected) occurred among men with a history of regular cigarThehigherdeaththanratefor nonsmokersruns this much.. Thehigherdeaththanratefor nonsmokersruns this much.

ette smoking. This finding was based

of white 187,766 a studyupon men DEATH FROM FROM ABOVE I DEATH 'O of 69. the ages 50 andbetween All Causes 75% ABOVENONSMOKERS All Causes

2. Death rates increase with amount

of cigarette 745 smoking.of A total DEATH FROM ABOVE DEATH FROM ABOVE

occurreddeaths 'O who NONSMOKERS!'G NONSMOKERS men among NONSMOKERS Heart Disease Heart Disease

were currently smoking a pack or of cigarettes time at the a daymore DEATH FROM questioned. 426they were Only of Cancer (all") 108*'O ABOVENONSMOKERS CancerDEATH FROM(all) 150%'O ABOVENONSMOKERS

them would have died if their death rates had been the same as for men DEATH FROM DEATH OR MORE FROM

AB0VEABOVE 41111% Cancer Lung 200% AAA. ABOVIftffiJs*OROKNONSMOMORE Lung Cancer NONSMOKERS

Report, an *Reprinted from S News & World U at published magazine news weeklyindependent

Washington. Copyright 1954 United States News SOURCE: AMERICAN CANCER SOCIETY

Publishing Corporation.

716 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA..

death rates. At least another year of followup will be rates among regular cigarette smokers are about the

required before this relationship can be properly evalusame ated. never assmoke—whothe death ratesare amongfive yearsnonsmokers—peopleolder. who

6. Of the 844 cancer deaths, 167 were indicated on Q. So that you might be adding five years to your

the death certificates as being due to lung cancer. This life by not smoking?

is too small a group on which to have definite conclu- A. Something like that. You might say that smoksions as to the degree of the relationship with cigarette ing ages a man around five years.

smoking. A sufficiently large number of microscopically Q. Do you feel that the sample that was taken is

proven cases should be available for analysis in about adequate to support the conclusions drawn?

two years. All that can be said at this time is that the A. I think it is adequate to support all the conclulung-cancer death rate was much higher among men sions we've drawn from it.

with a history of regular cigarette smoking than among Q. Do you think the sample could have been larger,

men who never smoked regularly. or should have been?

7. Regular cigarette smokers had a higher death rate A. Of course the larger the better, but this was the

from cancer of sites other than lung cancer than did largest ever tried by a long way. And we are continumen who never smoked. This was most marked in the ing the study, as you know.

two older age groups (6064 and 6569). Q. But, from a statistical standpoint, it would seem

8. The findings just summarized prove that there is to you to be conclusive?

a definite association between smoking habits and death A. We have given the probabilities for each staterates, at least in white men between the ages of 50 and ment we have made. Statistical tests of the data have

69. Most of the overall association is accounted for by indicated that it is extraordinarily unlikely or virtuan association between regular cigarette smoking and ally impossible that the most important of these finddeath rates from cancer and from diseases of the coronary ings could have occurred by chance alone. Or, as

arteries, although it is possible that some other diseases statisticians say, "it is statistically significant to a very may also be involved. For reasons discussed in the text, hi"h degree."

the authors are of the opinion that the association found Q. What, in everyday language, would you say these

between regular cigarette smoking and diseases of the findings suggest?

coronary arteries and between regular cigarette smoking A. I think these findings very strongly suggest that

and cancer reflect causeand-effect relationships. smoking increases the death rate, at least among white

Q. In the simplest terms, Dr. Hammond, how many males between the ages of 50 and 69, which is the

years may a heavy smoker shorten his life? Is he cutgroup we've studied.

ting off one year or five years from the normal span? Q. Does that mean the smoking they did prior to the

A. We don't know that because we have only had time they were 50 is responsible, or that the smoking

this restricted age group in the study so far. In addithat they do between 50 and 69 is responsible?

tion, these findings are very, very new, and I haven't A. That we do not know. Two diseases are primarily

had time to study them with as much care as I want to concerned-—one is cancer and the other is heart disease.

from that standpoint. I can tell you this: The death If I had to make a guess on it, I would guess that the

cancer is a longterm effect. That is,

it takes many years of smoking to produce the result. On the other

hand, I would be more inclined to

After a survey of 4,854 recent deaths, all of them white men aged 50 through 69, the say that the effect on the heart disAmerican Cancer Society came up with these statistics: ease was more acute—that is, recent

smoking would be more important for this disease. But that is only a

guess, we don't really know that.

FOR COMBINATION SMOKERS: FOR SMOKERS OF PIPES OR CIGARS OR BOTH 1 Q. You mean that you can get a

(cigarettes and cigars, cigarettes and pipes, or all three) quick reaction on the constriction of

The death rate runs this much The death rate runs this much blood vessels?

higher than for nonsmokers.. higher than for nonsmokers.. A. Oh, in a matter of minutes at

most. There's a lot -of experimental

DEATH FROM on that.

* j Qrf07 ABOVENONSMOKERS evidence UU/Wo/ AB0VENONSMOKERS DEATHAll CausesFROM All Causes any evidence as to what Q. Is there

effect on the human system smoking

DEATH FROM DEATH FROM A80VE to in prior had, 50 might have SAME AS NONSMOKERS done UU5fi<?//<? NONSMOKERS Heart Disease Disease Heart susceptible the to cancer more making

person who did the heavy smoking

DEATH FROM between 50 and 69? (all) Y\dIIP ABOVENONSMOKERS CancerDEATH FROM(all) Cancer! Y\cfQL/0 AB0VENONSMOKERS (Continued on following page) 91

if

Copyright 105-1, b\i US News Pub. Corp.

OCTOBER 1954 717 Q. So that your findings are important and significant

Does Smoking Shorten Life? evidence in relation to heart conditions as much as they

(Continued from preceding page) are significant evidence in relation to cancer?

A. The reason I made that estimate about cancer was A. Oh, the heart findings are at least as interesting

that, when you expose an experimental animal to chemias the cancer findings.

cal substances which could produce cancer, you usually Q. What is your theory as to that?

have to expose them for a period of anywhere from a A. Because many more deaths are involved—well over

half to twothirds the normal lifetime of the animal half the total number of deaths were related to coronary before the cancer appears. Now that is very nearly the heart disease. Let me say it this way: The relative effect

is, theonly evidence on the subject. Evidence from animal exwas not as great in heart as in cancer—that

perimentation of that kind might or might not apply chances of somebody dying of a coronary attack was to man. If it does apply, somebody would have to increased 95 percent by heavy cigarette smoking. The

smoke heavily for a great many years before whatever chances of dying of cancer were increased by 156 percent.

the harmful ingredient is in cigarettes could be effective. Q. But they are both pretty big so far as the layman Q. What if you stopped smoking at 50, if you had is concerned—

Yes, they certainly are.smoked from 20 to 50—would that he helpful? A.

A. My guess is that it might be helpful, but again Q. So that actually your findings say, do they not,

there is no proof one way or the other. The statistical that a greater number of people actually die as a reevidence we have does not bear on that subject, mainsult of cigarette smoking in its association with heart

ly because there are so very few men who smoked conditions than the number of people who die in the cigarettes heavily in their youth and then gave it up association of cancer to cigarette smoking?

entirely, except those who gave it up because they had A. Oh, yes.

some serious disease and their doctor told them they Q. Therefore, in order to provide some corrective or

had to stop smoking. Naturally they are going to die some means of eliminating the deleterious substance from

sooner. cigarette smoking, it would mean that far more lives

Q. Were you surprised hy the fact that so much of would be saved if we could find the secret of that subthe data indicates that diseases of the heart are related stance in so far as heart conditions are concerned than

to smoking? would be the case with respect to cancer?

A. No, I was not. Before the studies began I was A. I think that is almost certainly true, yes. Probably

just as suspicious of that as anything else. removing all the nicotine would be more important

Q. But has it been generally accepted heretofore that than anything else.

diseases of the heart are related to smoking? Q. Could cigarettes give pleasure to the person who

A. Oh, there is a great deal of experimental evidence does the smoking if the nicotine were removed comthat smoking has an effect upon the heart. This work has pletely?

been done by a number of different investigators and A. I have grave doubts myself, but I think that would

is well summarized in a paper by Dr. J. H. Weatherby. have to be tried and seen. It would be like taking

Twenty or 30 people have checked the heart rate, the caffeine out of coffee.blood pressure and the effect of smoking on the small Q. Necessity is the mother of invention—they mightblood vessels. Smoking a few cigarettes causes a rise find a way to do it, though—

in blood pressure, a rise in heart rate and a constriction A. Oh, yes! Well, I hope they do. I am not against

of the small vessels. cigarette smoking if it can be made safe. I hope the

Q. What I mean is, how widely accepted has that tobacco companies can find a solution.

theory been prior to your study? Q. Then nicotine is probably the dangerous substance?

A. Well, I've heard few people express any doubts A. For heart there is a great deal of evidence that'it

about it. is nicotine. Now, we can't rule out the possibility that

Q. But the public has been thinking only in terms it's carbon monoxide, but it certainly appears that it's

of cancer—nicotine. There are two effects—the increasing heart

A. I think that is fair to say. It is very dangerous rate and increasing blood pressure, and the constricto say what medical opinion is because different doctors tion of small blood vessels—which are due, as far as

have different opinions, but it is my impression that the we can make out, entirely to nicotine.

great majority of doctors for many years have told heart Q. What about the tars?

patients that they've got to stop smoking. That has A. Well, there has been a lot of discussion about the

been the general opinion for a very long time. word "tar."People have made the distinction between

Q. What has been the average person's reaction when the word "tar"and the word "nicotine."Actually, when

a doctor has told his patient to stop smoking—hasn't experimental workers talk about "tar,"the word merely

it been one of skepticism? means a mixture of substances—for example, material

A. No, I don't think so. that can be collected by the condensation of cigarette

Q. 7s this latest statistical finding of yours the most smoke. It's not a scientific term. It doesn't identify

conspicuous piece of proof we've had on the relationany particular substance—it simply means a mixture of

ship between smoking and a heart condition? substances.

A. Statistically, this is the only direct proof I know of. Q. Does it make any difference whether a person

The idea that smoking is dangerous to somebody who inhales or not?

has had a heart attack, I think, has been widely accepted A. We did not ask that question of the men we studied

by the medical profession. But there was no previous because many people inhale unknowingly and could

statistical proof of it. not have answered the question correctly. Therefore,

718 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA we had no direct statistical information on that. It Q. Some people won't agree, of course—

would be my guess that inhaling is more dangerous than A. Yes, some people want to live. I've heard many

not inhaling. young people say, "By the time I get to be 50, it doesn't

Q. You spoke of carbon monoxide generated by cigmatter."But I don't hear many people around 50

arette smoking. Does that suggest that the other places saying that—or at 60 and at 70.

where the human being inhales carbon monoxide might be worth looking into? WHAT FILTERS MIGHT DO—

A. The subject has been studied very intensively by Q. Do you have any evidence that shows that perthe Public Health Service and other groups. Precausons who use a filtertip cigarette are perhaps less sustions are taken in factories to avoid carbonmonoxide ceptible to adverse effects from smoking than others?

poisoning. Long tunnels are well ventilated to avoid the A. We have no information on that.

danger. Q. What is your guess as to that?

Q. What about carbonmonoxide exhaust from auto- A. I hate to make a guess on it.

mobiles? Q. Well, does the filter actually exclude the nicotine?

A. That is very dangerous in any closed space. Some A. I believe that a filter could be made which would

people are killed by that as they run their car in the exclude all the nicotine and all the tar. But I am not

garage. sure whether anybody would want to smoke a cigarette

Q. Is there anything in your studies that suggests that if absolutely all of these materials were removed from

perhaps in other than closed spaces there may be dangers the smoke. The problem is to get a filter that lets

from carbonmonoxide exhaust? through the good taste part—-what we want to smoke for

A. I doubt if there is any danger in open spaces.—and cuts down the danger.

Q. What do you think a heavy smoker should do Q. Why would a pipe be less dangerous than a cigaunder all these circumstances? Is it wise to cut down rette? You get nicotine out of that, too, don't you?

on his smoking, or give it up altogether? A. All that I know is that the death rates were a lot

A. Well, I can tell you what I've done—I've switched lower. Beyond that I can only guess. What happens is

to a pipe. that there's a lot of condensation in the pipe stem. You

Q. That would be your own apprehension, but when know, almost all pipes have condensers in them, and,

you are giving advice to others, what kind of advice even if they don't, the smoke condenses in the stem.

would you give—based on the study? Another thing is that I'm certainly under the strong

A. If somebody asked my advice, I'd suggest that he impression that relatively few regular pipe smokers indidn't smoke. hale, whereas a great many cigarette smokers do. An-

Q. At all, or not heavily? other thing is that there's a different type of tobacco

A. I would say it would be better for him not to smoke used for pipe smoking than for cigarettes and a differat all, but smoking heavily is worse. ent additive.

Q. A pipe is less dangerous than a cigarette? Q. What about cigars in the same way? This may

A. There is no doubt but that pipe and cigar smokrevive cigar smoking—

ing are less dangerous than cigarettes. A. I think it well could.

Q. Well, women don't smoke pipes and cigars—Q. Why, though, wouldn't the cigar be just as harm-

A. Some do—at least in Denmark. ful? You have the actual tobacco in your mouth there—

Q. Is there any way of knowing whether the effects A. Because there were relatively a small number of

upon women smokers are the same as upon male pipe and cigar smokers in the sample, we do not have smokers? as much information on these two types of smoking as

A. We have no statistical evidence on the subject. we have on cigarette smoking.

Q. Is there anything in previous statistical evidence The figures give the impression that pipe and cigar

as to the death rate from lung cancer being the same smoking may be related to some types of cancer. We

among women as among men? hope to have more reliable information on this with-

A. The death rates from lung cancer are considerably in a year or two, but until that time I would not want

less among women than among men. to make any definite statements on pipe and cigar

Q. What about the deaths from heart disease among smoking.

women compared to men? Are they less or more? Q. Don't some people get cancer of the mouth from

A. The death rates from diseases of the coronary cigars?

arteries are lower among women than among men. A. I would think that is quite possible. But, then,

Q. And you would have to get a brandnew set of cancer of the mouth is a much rarer disease than lung

statistics in order to know about women in relation to cancer among smokers and nonsmokers alike.

smoking? Q. Is there anything in your study to show whether,

A. Yes. Our study had to do only with men in cerpeople inhale or do not inhale cigars?

tain age groups. A. We have no information in our study concerning

Q. One lady who is a heavy smoker said to me this inhalation.

morning, "Well, I think that when you get to be between Q. What about chewing tobacco used by some farmthe ages of 50 and 69, you're due to die anyway"—ers and workers? Is that touched upon in your studies?

A. Well, if she wants to take that attitude, of course A. No, we did not study it.

that's one thing. I've heard several people make that Q. Is there any evidence on that subject?

comment. But if that's their attitude, I think we might A. There was a study made some time ago. A report

as well stop wasting money on medical research alwas published by one of the hospitals in New York together. (Continued on following page)

OCTOBER 1954 719 SOURCE: AMERICAN CANCER SOCIETY Copyright 1954, by US News Pub. Corp.

tailed information on sites of cancer other than the lung

Does Smoking Shorten Life? cancer. We have an analysis for a combination of all

(Continued from preceding page) sites other than lung cancer, but we don't have a deon the subject that seemed to show that chewing totailed analysis by sites.

bacco did have a bad effect and did have a relation- Q. That's another field of research and analysis

ship with cancer of the mouth. I want to make it clear, which lies ahead, then?

however, that that was not my work. So far as our A. It will require a longer time to follow up these

study is concerned, we have no data on it. subjects.

The total death rate from cancer, all sites combined, Q. What other diseases besides cancer and heart disease was about two and onehalf times as high in people

did your statistical studies show had a relationship to who smoked cigarettes heavily as in people who had heavy smoking? never smoked. By "heavily,"I mean a pack or more

A. There's not enough evidence to make any state- a day. We split out the lungcancer death cases, and

menttive—notconcerningeven a realotherhint.diseases, either positive or negaweut foundof a thattotal theof 844lungcancercancer deaths.group accountedEverythingfor else167

lumped together accounted for the rest. But there22,000 VOLUNTEERS—weren't, enough cases of any one particular site to be

Q. Who did all this work? able to tell what sites were involved with any surety.

A. Twentytwo thousand volunteer researchers of In another year, we'll know.

the American Cancer Society collected the smoking his- Q. You mean the type of cancer?

tories and have twice traced and reported on the status A. Yes. We certainly tried to imply in the paper,

of men. They did a magnificent job. The study could when we said "cause and effect,"that in our opinion it

not have been done without the hard work of personnel is proven beyond any reasonable doubt for lung cancer.

in the divisions of the Society and the cooperation of Now we are not sure what other sites are involved.

health departments and doctors who provided us with Some are, but we are not quite sure which ones.

information on causes of death. Dr. Daniel Horn and I Q. How about stomach?

analyzed the data, with Laurence Garfinkel and Mrs. A. We're not dead certain.

Constance Percy.

Q. But what you did was to separate those who 187,766 SUBJECTS—

didn't smoke from those who did smoke. Is that right?

A. That's correct. Q. Your statistical findings must have taken into acpeople—approximately how Q. And you found that the results among those who count a large number of

did smoke showed a heavier death rate from cancer and many?

heart diseases than occurred among the people who didn't A. 187,766.

smoke? Q. How many of those people didn't smoke at all?

A. That is correct. A. The total number who said that they had never

As we stated very carefully in the paper before the smoked was 32,381. Now, let me tell you our definiAmerican Medical Association, we have very little detion of "never smoked."The definition was that they

720 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA had never smoked more than five or 10 cigars in their all three types, cigarettes, cigars and pipes—in other

lives or a few pipefuls of tobacco or had never smoked words, by each of the combinations of regular smoking.

more than a pack or two of cigarettes in their whole Now I will give you the number of cases we had in lives. Almost everybody has taken a puff once. each.

That was our definition—people who had never done

more than try it a few times. 63,764 CIGARETTE SMOKERS—

Q. Then how many smoked occasionally? Q. Well, I think it would be interesting to find out

A. 11,710—that's the lifetime history—taking a cigar how many just smoked cigarettes alone regularly—

maybe once a week at a poker game, and that sort of A. Lifetime history of the number of people who

thing. smoked cigarettes only and have never smoked any

Q. That's in addition to the 32,381? other type regularly was 63,764. That is the overall

A. That's right. figure for all age groups combined. Considering all

Q. So you've got about 44,000. Now, what is the the men between the age of 50 and 70, of the total of

other 143,000? 187,766, there were 63,764—or about 34 percent—who

A. Now, that will require a little explanation. We had smoked cigarettes regularly at some time during

had a smoking questionnaire. The first question was, their lives and had never smoked cigars or pipes regu-

"Have you ever smoked at any time during your life larly.

yes or no?"Then, if they said "Yes,"that they have But let me tell you something about that. The

smoked, for each type of smoking we asked them their percentage of people who had that type of history present smoking habits—that is, for cigarettes, whether varied tremendously in the different age groups. Let

or not they arc currently smoking, and in what amount. me read you the percentage figures in each fiveyear

Then we asked them about the past history of their age group.

cigarette smoking—how long they had smoked cigarettes In age group 50 to 54, the total number of people in

and any particular amount and for any particular length the sample was 60,973. Of those, 26,365 had smoked

of time. cigarettes regularly and no other type. That is 43.2

Wc asked the same questions with regard to cigar percent in age group 50 to 54. In age group 55 to

smoking and pipe smoking. When we made an analy59, it was 35.5 percent. In age group 60 to 64, it was

sis, we first classified the men according to their life27.8 percent, and in age group 65 to 69, it was 20.3

time history, irrespective of what they were doing at percent.

the time they were questioned. It shows something that's a combination of two

The groups we classified were: "Never smoked,"factors, probably. Since cigarette smokers have a much

and "Smoked but occasionally only."higher death rate than people who do not smoke, the

All the rest of them were put in a group "smoked percentage of cigarette smokers would go down with regularly."By "regularly"we mean every day, during age.

an appreciable period of time. Then we classified these Q. Why would it go down with age?

by cigars only, pipe only, cigars and pipe, cigarettes A. Well, suppose you have 100 people. Half of them

only, cigarettes and cigars, cigarettes and pipes, and (Continued on following page)

SOURCE: AMERICAN CANCER SOCIETY Copyright 1954, by US News Pub. Corp.

OCTOBER 1954 721 Now I'm going to give you some totally different

Does Smoking Shorten Life? figures and these will be numbers and not rates.

(Continued from preceding page) I am reading from the chart which is labeled: "Eftake a certain drug "A"and the other half don't. But fect of smoking one pack of cigarettes or more a day."

of those who take drug "A,"half die within a year, Of people in our sample who smoked one pack of and of those who don't take it, only 10 die. At the end cigarettes or more a day, a total of 745 died. If they

of the year you are going to have a higher percentage had died at exactly the same rate as people who never of people left who did not take the drug. smoked, then only 426 would have died. In other

Q. / see what you mean. But what I was going to'ask words, there were an additional 319 deaths in that

you is, that among these people who smoked cigarettes group which can be attributed to heavy cigarette smokonly, did you find that they had a higher death rate—ing.

whether you take it between the years 50 and 69 or any The best summary statement I have is what I said other period—did they have a higher death rate than to the American Medical Association.

persons who smoked cigarettes and cigars and pipes? Having found a high association between death rates

A. Yes, they did. and regular cigarette smoking, we were interested to

Q. Indicating that the fewer cigarettes they smoked, know the degree to which the two most important disand the more of something else, the greater their chances eases were involved.

of longevity? Is that a proper inference from your staWe computed the number of deaths in each category

tistics? of smoking which would have occurred if the men who

A. That at least partially accounts for the findings. smoked that amount had died at exactly the same rate

However, I doubt that it fully accounts for the findas people who never smoked. We call those "expected"

ings. Smoking habits have been changed. deaths—that is, how many deaths you would have exLet me read you some figures and I think you can pected to occur out of this many men, if the men had

draw your own conclusions. Now first I am going to never smoked.

read you figures for each of the four age groups—first, We summarized the results of this comparison from

the rate for people who have never smoked, that is, the men who were currently smoking a pack or more of death rate per 100,000. Then I am going to give you cigarettes a day at the time they were questioned. As

the figure for people who smoked cigarettes only, and shown on our chart, only 426 men would have died then I am going to give it to you for people who smoked out of this group, if they had been subject to exactly cigarettes and/or cigars and pipes—that is, cigarettes the same death rate as men who never smoked. Actuplus another type. ally, 745 men died who were smoking one pack or

In the age group 50 to 54, we had 9,170 people who more of cigarettes a day at the time they were queshad never smoked anything at any time. Of those 91 tioned. This was 319 more deaths than expected, or an

died. Dividing 91 deaths by the total of 9,170 gives a additional 75 percent.

death rate of 992 per 100,000. The thing we wanted to do was to see the excess by

Now let us take the people who smoked cigarettes diseases. Now, out of the 745 deaths among men who

regularly and never smoked cigars or pipes regularly smoked a pack of cigarettes or more a day, 334 died and I do want to emphasize that this group of "cigaof diseases of the coronary arteries. Only 171 would

rettes only"includes people who smoked cigarettes about have died of this cause if their rates had been exactly a half a pack a day for, say, a year, 20 years ago. the same as the men who never smoked. In other

diseases coronary there deaths 163 extra from were those In this same age who words, to 54—for group—50 of cigarettes a of as a result pack or one smoking more their cigarettes regularly time during at somesmoked

lives and never smoked either cigars or pipes regularly, day.

the death rate was 1,635 per 100,000 as compared with Again, of the 745 total deaths which occurred in this a death rate of 992 per 100,000 for the nonsmokers. group, 161 of the men died of cancer. Only 63 would

For those who smoked cigarettes regularly at some have died of cancer if their cancer death rates had been time and also smoked some other type regularly, the the same as it is for men who have never smoked. This

rate was 1,513 per 100,000. Now, by and large, the peois an excess of 98, which is 2.55 times as high as men who

ple who have smoked both cigarettes and pipes haven't never smoked.

smoked cigarettes as much as people who have only Of course, some of the men died of causes other than smoked cigarettes. cancer and diseases of the coronary arteries. For simNow here are the same figures per 100,000 in age plicity, I have not shown this on our chart. In the regroup 55 to 59. For "never smoked,"1,729. For "cigport, however, we have given the full figures. I have

arettes only"it was 2,773. For cigarettes and pipes or merely given a brief summary statement here.

cigars or all three, it was 2,206. Q. Would that affect the validity of your sample?

Now we are taking the death rates in the age group A. No.

60 to 64. Never smoked, 2,145. Cigarettes only, 4,322. Q. Among the people who didn't smoke, there were

Cigarettes and other, 3,533. deaths from both cancer and heart diseases, weren't

Now, in the age group 65 to 69, for "never smoked,"there?

the death rate was 4,470. For "cigarettes only,"it was A. Oh, yes.

5,790. For "cigarettes and other,"it was 5,073. Q. And were those deaths—that is, the people in

Q. Now those that you have read are people who your sample who didn't smoke—were the percentages

died in that group per 100,000? of those who died from cancer and who died from

A. Yes, it's death rate per 100,000. heart disease comparable to what is supposed to he

722 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the normal death rate from cancer and normal death winter covering the period of our study. We were aware

rate from heart diseases these days? of and worried about that as a possible cause of diffi-

A. The death rates were a little lower than reported culty. Therefore, we made an analysis of the material

national figures for a comparable period of time. Death for the first six months, the second six months, and the

rates, as ordinarily reported by custom, are death rates third six months. The results in relation to smoking

per 100,000 people per year. Now this followup period are essentially the same in all of them.

covered by the sample was more than a year, so these For some peculiar reason, we found a somewhat higher figures are not strictly comparable to ordinary death relationship with smoking in winter than in summer.

rates.

WATCHING FOR CANCER—

WHY DEATH RATES VARY—Q. 7s there any simple test to find out whether a

person has lung cancer?

Q. Were they higher or lower? A. There is no simple test, no. It can often, though

A. They are lower than comparable figures for sevnot always, be found by X ray. Or there are various

eral reasons. The covered period is somewhat over 18 diagnostic techniques. That's a rather complicated submonths. We covered two summers and one winter. The ject.

death rates in the summer are lower than they are in Q. Are there symptoms, things that people should

the winter. Besides that, we didn't question any people watch for?

who were on their death bed at the time the study A. Primarily, a severe cough. By the time there is

started. Therefore, the rates are a little lower in the pain in the chest, it is usually pretty far advanced.

first part of the sample-—the overall is lower. So what Q. Would a heavy cough in itself be a symptom?

we did was to make a separate analysis for each of A. It can be a symptom, but not necessarily a symptom.

three sixmonth periods but the relationships are the Q. People who have smoked for a long time will besame. We were afraid that that factor might possibly gin to wonder about this now—

introduce a bias, so we checked on it. A. Yes, and there's one remark I'd like to make con-

Q. In other words, your conclusion is that among cerning this whole affair. I have said a "causeand-

people who don't smoke, your figures show relatively effect relationship."I want to make myself very clear

the same death rate as would be recorded in the general on that. What I'm saying is that, in my opinion, cigadeath rates? rette smoking causes an increase in death rates from

A. Oh, no—in the general death rates, remember, most these two diseases. That does not say what the mechpeople do smoke. anism is. I am certainly not saying that it's the only

Q. What I meant was that the general death rate cause of these diseases. Far from it!

from cancer in the United States is supposed to be If I had to guess the mechanism on heart disease,statistically some figure—and I am now trying to find I'd say that it's probably something like this: If a man

out whether your sample corresponded with what was has, shall we say, a difficulty with his heart, he maygenerally known to be the death rate from cancer—live perfectly well for many, many years if he doesn't

A. No, these are a bit lower. overexert himself. But if a man is on the point of a

Q. Your figures are a bit lower? coronary attack, and he runs upstairs, it may kill him.

A. Yes, for this reason: Of those people who are See what I mean? My best guess on this is that in

going to die of cancer tomorrow, most of them are heart disease the smoking simply adds one extra strain dying today—if you know what I mean. We didn't to the heart. It reduces the efficiency of the mechanism

question people who were dying. Therefore, the death and at the same time puts an additional pressure on the

rates during the first few months of this study were mechanism.

way lower than the generalpopulation death rate. They Q. How would you use your theory with respect to

then picked up, and in the latter part of the study they cancer on that?

are not far from the same. A. I think the mechanism there is totally different.

Q. The point I was trying to make was whether It's a different matter altogether.

someone would say, "Well, you found out in your study Q. It's an irritation of the tissues?

of 187,000 people that more people died of cancer than A. I think the word "irritation"is always being used,

is normally found. You just concentrated on a group and it practically amounts to the same thing as saying,

and found more of them who died. But that many people "I don't know."It's like saying it's "tar"in tobacco that

don't usually die of cancer."So they might attack your causes cancer—and the specific agent in the tar is unfindings. Your point is that, if anything, your estimates known.

were lower? Q. You don't know what the causes of the cancer

A. Oh, yes, they're lower. are and so you can't tell—is that it?

Q. So that there can be no question about the fact A. Yes. I think that's just a word—to say "irritathat in the population, for every 100,000, comparable tion."

figures are given for people who die of cancer? Q. Going back to lung cancer, you spoke of a cough.

A. The percentage of cancer in the total deaths was Do you mean chronic cough?

just about the same as the national figures—not exactly. A. Yes.

Death rates for cancer vary in different sections of the Q. You don't mean a heavy cough that somebody

United States. gets once in a while? Or is that the first serious sign?

Q. And it varies with the seasons, too? A. It could be. I suggest that you ask a physician

A. Death rates vary with the seasons, and, as I said about the best way to diagnose lung cancer. I am a

a moment ago, we had two summers and only one biologist and statistician, not a physician.

OCTOBER 1954 723 SOMETHING to be SURE OF by MARYHALE WOOLSEY

s-yi'HE had written, "Darling Craig"m—and nothing more in a

Ky quarterhour of staring at the blank paper. Restlessly Peggy turned

off her desk lamp and stood up, turning towards her window. Crossing

the room she paused a moment to 'see her reflection in the closetdoor mirror: a slim girl in swirly skirt

and white blouse, lightgold hair roughened by her furrowing fingers, hazel eyes darkened, and face taut with discontent. At the dormer she

dropped into the cushioned seat and lifted her eyes to the rim of the mountain, a faint pinky line in sunset afterglow. The twilight was

heavenly blue; stars were blinking

in the sky, and below them rows of city lights twinkled against the mountainside's dark bulk.

The lights of Windsor Heights!

Peggy's eyes sought the small triangle that marked Chapman Circle, where the handsome new house was, which she should have been living /;**$&,.i

in now, except for a twist of fate!

Another family lived there instead, knowing the joyful pride the Francises had been cheated out of—cheated by She had written, "Darling Craig"—and nothing more in a quarterhour or staring at

life! the blank paper.

sat she hours here had many How efforts long, After wanting long time. We'll be thing—ruined!at plandreaming this window, and of lots heart's the to problems his advice achieve your on all desire—andyourning! marriage, Her temple life fifty Tell rise years. or him could just her next smack twenty and upwedding reception—standing proudly that, Peggy."you down, any old minute!

with Craig in the spacious living She had told Dad, and his tired That awful minute of Daddy's room. eyes had lightened. "What a boy!"heart attack....

But now the reception would have he'd said, his hand affectionately on Right in the middle of breakfast.

to be very quiet, very simple, here in Peggy's shoulder. "One thing's sure, They'd been hilariously planning how

this old house. shabby Peggy all right, Craig. with be to divide up the family car that could Peg—you'll in the the societyimagine words of all right; lot you He's a whole can evening.

columns; austere, careful words, with be sure of that."But all at once Daddy had made

dignity, but telling nothing of the She had kissed him and hurried a queer sound, a sort of broken word, disappointments. away before her welling tears could and slumped in his chair—and everyCraig—his letter lay on the desk, spill over. She was inclined to doubt thing had become confusion, hurryread and reread till it was ragged if you could ever be sure of anything! ing, and fear. Anxious waiting for

and soiled from handling—hadn't After what was happening to the the doctor, tense hours at the hospiseemed to think it was important. Francis family tal! Plans hastily changed—days of

"After our marriage in the temple, Nobody could have been "surer"uncertainty!

our wedding reception, my sweet, of anything than they'd been. They'd He had come home again, but not

would be lovely if it had to be in a had a right to be sure—according to whole and energetic as before. He

cellar. The important things are, all the rules the books told about. must "take things easy—for as long

that we love each other very much, Careful planning—years of working, as you want to live,"Dr. West

and that we must help take care of managing, saving, waiting—realizahad said significantly.

your father so he'll be with us for a tion at hand—and then all, everyThe new home, naturally, was the

724 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA first relinquishment. There had

been a very lucky sale, for cash-—an

amount that had seemed like a fortune, until after the "ways and means"session Mums called, the night before Dad was to come home.

Madge wasn't there that evening;

she had left the day before for San

Francisco, with her father and mother, to go to operas and theaters and "do the town"in ways the Wyatts were accustomed to. Hal's brown eyes

were somber, his mouth unsmiling.

Peggy wondered: was he so worried

about Dad?—or was it Madge? Peggy knew Mums had felt dubious when

Hal fell in love with the gay, spoiled daughter of the wealthy Wyatts. How

must he feel, now, having her go on this holiday which he could not have in pride wait. to shone her eyes. wouldn't to ask have him y fierceprovided?

of Craig's keeping, is worth know."even you "Daddy be sure Could she

But when Mums got them started Chins came up making, as Ken love and loyalty? After all, there

writing columns of figures on the pads remarked, "Such a circle of bulldog were marriages all around, breaking of paper she had passed to them, faces!"—setting them all to laughing. up although they had been entered

Peggy forgot Hal's problems and Shakily, it had to be admitted; and into with confidence and certainty.

Madge's, and started worrying about in Mums'and Hal's soft brown eyes Didn't those prove you could never the Francis family in general. Mums there had been suspicious glints. be sure?

was explaining their need to cut exPeggy blinked fast to keep her own She announced her decision at penses every possible way and being tears in check, especially when she breakfast the next morning, and met a careful not to complain because looked at Kennie, the baby brother, storm of protest.

Daddy must not be worried or upset. her pet. His college years—he'd be "No, you don't—not sacrificing

"We can solve our problems if we remembering the gala plenteousness Craig's hopes to our family difficuldetermine to,"Mums said. of Hal's, by comparison. ties!"Hal exclaimed. "That's out.

They sat stunned over the lists That had been the first night Peggy Not that you're not a swell kid to and figures. Food, gas, and electricwept in the dark window seat, watchoffer it. Now turn on the lights in

ity, telephone, repairs the house ing the distant lights and thinking those amber orbs of yours, Peg,"needed, clothes! Elaine's dancing about their symbolism: shining goals he ordered, grinning at her over a

lessons, voice lessons, costumes! Ken's you strive for, only to learn at last big bowl of corn flakes.

college expenses starting in the fall that they will never be yours. Why "The thing for me,"Ken said

tuition, books, special fees! All at plan anything, then? stoutly, "is to get a job. Plenty of

once the new tennis things Ken I'll put off getting married, she fellows get along without going to wanted, Elaine's spring coat, car decided. I'll have to. Kennie needs college."

work—allmaintenance,becameMums'formidableneeded dentalto mymustn'thelp,haveand toElainechangedoes,hertoo;plans,she science"Not profession,"when their Peggysights areremindedon a

think about. Peggy's salary, which after all her hard work! The "famhim. "You'd be like Uncle Thad—

heretofore she had been spending ily star"must have her chance to feeling cheated and frustrated all your happily on herself and her trousseau, shine, as Elaine is sure to life. We'll find a better way than

seemed both insignificant and huge. There it was again: "Sure"—questhat."We hope! she added silently.

Huge, suddenly denied to her; intion mark! The only thing you can Mums said gently, "No one is to

significant, in proportion to the famreally be sure of, Peggy decided, is make any decisions hastily. That, I

ily's habitual expenses. The picture that there's not a thing in the world insist on. We'll consider ideas towas a frightening one. you can be sure of! gether, and decide together."

Hal—could he help? His job in What could Peggy and Craig be "Like a ball team—huh?"Ken's

the airlines office paid well, but sure of? The year of Craig's internhead jerked up, tumbling a lock of

Madge had never known limitations, ship—with Peggy working in some redbrown hair over his forehead. He

economizing. strange city so she could be near smacked it back determinedly. "Get

Out of a deepening gloom, Hal him. Then, probably, the service... it, kids? We're a team—savvy?"

spoke another blow: "And at a time they always need doctors, the fine Craig's letter came that day. The

like this, I get my service call. Not strong young doctors like Craig! one Peggy had not answered, except

that we weren't expecting it! Gosh—One year might be all they'd ever for small evasive notes—the one

There had been a heavy silence. have. How could she give it up? which now was lying on her desk next

Then Mums said, "Well, let's all But what kind of sister could walk to a blank sheet of paper.

think about it and come up with out on a family like hers? How Things were working out, of course.

ideas. One thing's sure—what has would Craig take it? There are so Ken had an afterschool job with an

to be done, this family can do!"A many attractive girls—girls who (Continued on following page)

1954OCTOBER 725 SOMETHING TO BE SIRE OF (Continued from preceding page) "Hello, dear."Mums looked up and Elaine came in, noisily, exindustrial chemicals firm; during the and paused in her stitching. "Need citement in their faces. They stopped

summer he'd work full time. "And something?"short, with quick looks at each other.

after classes pretty Hello!"so Looking and "Well—Daddy!

things,learning said, Peggy now,"And Ken said, in too—andthe fall, again.I like it thisI'm sweet"Just—you.as you do "My Pops—bigElaine said.as

way!"Elaine had started teaching feeling a sudden rush of affection. life and twice as goodlooking. Hey

beginning classes in tap and acro- "Why—thank you, Peggy."Mums I want in on this game!"

batic dancing. "It'll help out till dimpled, then with a demure smile "Me, too!"Elaine exclaimed. "It's

something better comes along,"she'd she asked, "And now what can I do been ages since we had a family said with a mysterious cheerfulness. for you?"game."She dived into the hall

An act? Peggy wondered. They laughed together. Then closet for extra chairs.

Oh, the Francis family would get Peggy said, "Let me take you to see "I was thinking that,"Dad murby all right—on Fourth Street, among Bing at the Richmond. You've stayed mured. "Jessie, how long has it

the shabby old houses with their obin so long, Mums."been?"

"I began, might—"andvious remodelings Mums modernizaand

softly, replied she "Too long,"a stopped, eyes turning to the door hertions, their overlawns cramped and face. crossing She's her

stairs. too, shadow the turned, trees it Peggy beyondgrown and shrubs. But was

nearly thinking to never came how we there. standing struggle, and saw theworth couldn't Daddy you when

having one again, Peggy thought.have what you really wanted? "Sit still, Jessie,"he said. "You

over, so she's excited Elaine What's

I sitting there. good, heard you delook the didn't new know Daddy back? holding here, be should Hal

I laughing—it so sounded good had selling yet, thevelopments beyond too, her on, thoughts she went and to out."come himself eased onto Heof house. had the he Maybe new to began whimsically:

sofa. girl the Peg? "How's my And to care ceased aboutgiven what up, Hal, over! come come over—Haltelephathize is else? everyone where so Househappened!

She giggled hysterically when Hal The blueness had deepened to rich still—in fact, it has been ever since

sapphire. Peggy had dreamed away I came home. Not natural, is it?"opened the door. Madge was with

the twilight, watching those lights "Pop needs to sleep; we kids all him, beautiful in a fleecy coat the

so nearlooking tonight, but so discreep,"Peggy giggled. color of lilacs and a small, expensivetant in fact that now she could im- "But do I have to have a muffler looking flowerpetal hat.

agine no bridging of the space on your lives?"he demanded. Doesn't "Don't stop playing, please don't,"

between Fourth Street and Windsor Ken have his gang around, anymore? Madge begged. "We'll look on—"Heights. She stood up suddenly and And Elaine's crowd—"Till next round,"Hal put in.

jerked the curtains across the win- "It hasn't hurt any of us,"Mums "Then we'll be in."

dow. I'm feeling sorry for myself, said, "to give you a little extra peace They played and talked, and time

she thought. The others don't seem and quiet for awhile. Are you hunsped. At last Madge exclaimed, "Oh,to mind half as much as I do! gry, Russ? Can—this is fun! You know, I'm just beWhat of Mums? She needs re- "Sit still—I like to look at you as ginning to realize how wonderful a

laxing! All at once Peggy was conyou are. What's that you're making?"family is! Hal's been telling me all

sciencestricken. Mums had looked "Dancingskirt for Elaine."Mums about how you're working everythingso tired at dinner. She needed an held it up. out, so—togetherly! He's proud of all of you—evening out—that Crosby musical; "Pretty. Laney looks wonderful in

Bing was Mums'favorite. Maybe red. Especially wonderful, I mean. Hal tried to cover for her, "OfDad wouldn't mind being alone the Any color looks wonderful with our course we are—

little time before Elaine and Ken Laney in it, doesn't it?"With a sudden weary limpness,

into looked be home. Peggywould into leaned back his cushions Peggy sat down, smiling. No movie Dad

it. She Yes, she'd doher purse. all and looked around with a sober tonight.

dressingtable lamps, theturned on gaze. are out, making we "How a good quiet have I must "Gosh, had curls, her freshened herbrushed up asked. anyway?""I've he wanted

feel said. "I almost sleep,"Daddylipstick, dress slipped into a red wool to half afraid been know but—I've

for a change. doing work, some a slimmingwith gold mesh cinchlike to ask. Not knowing when I'll be waiting chores around?"Any went downstairs.belt, and able to tackle things again."

Mums was sewing, in her old rock- "Plenty,"Mums said, "but they can ing chair by the bridge lamp, whose wait a little longer. Would you like "Daddy! You were supposed to be—"Peggy's words were lost insmall island of light centered on a to—oh, play Chinese checkers, maythe rush of words from everybodyheap of scarlet satin in her lap. Her be? We haven't, for ages. This—

else.hands moved swiftly, the needle folding the scarlet satin—"isn't a

flashed tiny bright gleams. Pretty, rush order. Peggy, you'd play, "... And the most wonderful of

Mums was! Hair glinting goldenly, wouldn't you?"all,"Elaine was saying when finally

skin so clear, younglooking... "Of course. I'll set up the table."they let her take the lead, "happened

especially in that old sapphire velvet She brought it to the sofaside, while today—I mean, the news came today.

robe. (It must be ages old—but Mums piled cushions behind Dad's Madame Lucie got me a scholarship

Daddy likes it, so.) Peggy stood on back. They were just settled, when at Mandell's. But it's more than just

the lowest step to admire her. the front door burst open and Ken (Continued on page 744)

726 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA feature of these meetings to me is the spirit of love

Eightyfour Percent of Girls Receive Awards in which they are conducted and the genuine and sincere interest displayed in the individual girls, both

Tt was a thrilling and longto-beremembered evening by their bishop and his counselors and their wonderful * of June 20 for the members of North Ogden First Y W M I A executives and leaders."

Ward when fiftysix lovely girls received their individual awards. Bishop Grant Alder, without whose

cooperation this program could not have been suc- -fr -& r -ft -frcessful, presented each girl whose attendance was one xj- & hundred percent with a Book of Mormon; those with

averages between ninetyfour and ninetynine received small copies of the Book of Mormon. L latterday Saint Men Attend Conference

Sister Mildred R. Stewart, president of the Y W

M I A of the Ben Lomond Stake, states: "This ward is 4 pproximately one hundred L D S servicemen, intruly outstanding and I believe it is because they have -*- vestigators, and friends attended the last in aimplicit faith in their leaders and put forth every # series of seven conferences for Latterday Saints in

effort to follow the program. I am sure this is true Korea. The conference was under the supervision of

in relation to the Girls'Program and is largely responChaplain Spencer Palmer.

sible for their success in this regard (84 percent). First Af Four of the nine L D S chaplains serving in Korea

of all the bishopric is back of them one hundred were in attendance. Each delivered a message of hope

percent. They never fail to have the bishop's meetand strength as he spoke at the conference. Chaplains

ing with all three members of the bishopric present. Spencer Palmer and Herbert Marsh spoke during theThe bishopric conducts the meeting, which no doubt # morning session, and Chaplains Spencer Madsen and

gives it added importance. Then together, with all Mark Money were among the afternoon speakers.

the leaders of the Y W M I A present, they discuss Chaplain Madsen is the supervising L D S chaplain carefully each inactive girl, including the borderline serving in Korea.

cases, and assign some one of the group to visit. They Among the speakers at the morning session were

try to learn the interests of the girl, home conditions, Chaplain Darkey, senior Protestant chaplain of the anything and everything which would help in deter- 4- Pusan area, and Chaplain Babbitt, whose close comining who might be able to reach her. Sometimes operation had made possible the messing and billeting

they call on stake board members to make the visits. facilities for all in attendance. Chaplain Babbitt welThe main thing is they never give up, and they make comed the L D S group to his unit chapel.as many visits as necessary, but the most outstanding & Lieutenant Socker Lee of the Republic of Korea

Navy, a recent convert, bore his strong testimony in

English, and then instructed the Koreans present as fr ik -k -A- & -fr Xh (Concluded on page 735)

HEBREW IDIOMS IN THE BOOK OE MORMON

(Continued from page 703) This manner of writing is some-... thou shalt not lift up the faces of

occur in the Old Testament though what foreign to us, but occurs in the the poor....

the usual translations may make it Old Testament as these examples atThis expression is rendered by the difficult for the average reader to test:

Authorized Version:

spot them. (Gen. 12:13, 16; I Sam.

this After opened Job and his mouth etc.)23:10,.. shalt. thou not respect the person of his cursed 3:1.) day. (Job

... poor, the idiom bephi, "by the mouth I The Behold, have opened now my mouth,

of,"occurs in the Nephite record my tongue hath spoken in my mouth.

about fifteen times. Here are some (Ibid., 33:2.) The meaning of this is shown by

illustrations:... then I opened my mouth, and spake, the next clause, "nor honor the per-

... (Daniel 10:16.) son of the mighty,"... That is to

And also that we may preserve unto them say, no partiality was to be shown.

the words which have been spoken by the The Hebrew idiom, "multiply exNotice this in the Hebrew text of mouth of all the holy prophets,... (1 ceedingly,"which is not as strange to Deuteronomy 1:17:

Nephi 3:20; italics author's.) present English usage as the fore-

... and also many prophecies which going may be illustrated by these Ye shall not distinguish (discern) faces

spoken beenhave by the mouth of Jerethree examples from the Nephite in judgment;... (Ibid., 5:13.)miah.

speak Nephi, conrecord: somewhat do Now I,

This is rendered by the Authorized I thecerning have written, words which which have been spoken by the mouth of And we multiplied exceedingly, and Version:

Isaiah.... (2 Nephi 25:1.) spread upon the face of the land,...

(Jarom 1:8.) Ye shall not respect persons in judgThis idiom is certainly foreign to... for they had multiplied exceedingly ment;... [Here, again, no partiality was

great in the waxed land. (Mosiah 2:2.) to be shown.]our manner of speaking, but is and

this did church exceedingly multiply And typically that Nephite, is to say, because of iniquity,... (4 Nephi 1:28.) That the Nephites understood this

illustrations Notice theseHebrew.

idiom may be reasonably deduced thesefrom the Old Testament: These may be compared with the from references:

familiar examples in Genesis:

To fulfil the word of the Lord by the

... they did not send away any who (II 36:21.) of Chron. Jeremiah,...mouth

I will covenant between make And my... were naked, or that hungry, were first of in king year Cyrus the Now I thee, will thee multiply and exand of me of whether out the or church in the church, of the the spokenPersia, Lord that word

ceedingly. 17:2; see (Gen. vs. 20.) having respect ["lifting no up,""disor acbe might the Jeremiahby mouth of

.. therein, they possessions had. and and tinguishing"] to ["faces"] persons... as to (Ibid., 36:22.)complished,

grew, multiplied exceedingly. and (Gen. those stood in need. 1:30.) (Alma who

Another similar compound, mippi, 47:27.) And as many as would hear their words,

"from the mouth of,"will be found in The Hebrew idiom, "to stiffen the untoGod, themwithouttheyanydid respectimpart ["liftingthe wordup,"of the Book of Mormon six times. Three neck,"occurs a number of times in or "distinguishing"] of persons ["faces"],

illustrations follow: the Nephite record. These illustracontinually. (Ibid., 16:14.)

is if not so, ["lifter a partial... God

of faces"]... Thou hast beheld that the book tions will suffice: up also God, and a changeable

forth aproceeded of the mouth from God, a respecter and to persons;...

their after they hearts have hardened And it forth proceeded fromJew; and when (Moroni 8:12; cf. Acts 10:34.)

their against necks the and stiffened Holy it the plaincontained of a Jewthe mouth

Israel, of 6:10.) (2 Nephi...ness of the gospel of the Lord,... (1 Nephi One

priestcrafts of iniquities, One of my friends has noticed in because But and13:24.)

And now Limhi was again filled with they at Jerusalem will stiffen their necks the Book of Mormon an apparent joy in learning from the mouth of Ammon against him,... (Ibid., 10:5; see also Hebrew idiom, "to give up the ghost,"

that king Mosiah had a gift from God,... 25:12; 28:14; Jacob 2:13; Jarom 3; Helaman which is used to express the death of

(Mosiah 21:28.) 9:21.) a person. Let us look at it for a

moment. expression occurs The in the King The parallels James Here are some Old Testament exthree times in the Book of Mormon: usualVersion Testament of the Oldamples:

ly have the rendering "hard of neck,"And it came to pass that when he had... and Baruch wrote from the mouth but some are rendered similar to the said these words he could say no more, and

of Jeremiah all the words of the Lord,... examples in the Book of Mormon: he gave up the ghost. (Jacob 7:20.)

(Jeremiah 36:4; see also vs. 32.)... as he was about to give up the ghost,

... and hearkened not unto the words... who had made him swear by God: they were astonished exceedingly;...

of Necho from the mouth of God,... (II but he stiffened his neck,... (II Chronicles (Ibid., 7:21.)

Chron. 35:22.) 36:13.) Yea, at the time that he [Christ] shall

... but made their neck stiff, that they yield up the ghost there shall be thunderThe common Hebraic idiom, "to might not hear,... (Jeremiah 17:23.) ings.... (Helaman 14:21.)

open the mouth,"appears in the Book of Mormon. Notice these occurThe Hebrew has an idiom, "to lift As is well known, there are paralrences: up the face,"or "distinguish the lels to these in both the Old and New

face,"that is used to convey meanTestaments. Let us examine two or

his king three again Benjamin opened And examples from the Old Testaing to or respect parwith showing.. to speak them,. unto and beganmouth ment: tiality to in a person. For example

4:4.)(Mosiah

... king Lamoni did open his mouth, Leviticus 19:15 we find the follow-... she hath given up the ghost; her sun

and said unto him:... (Alma 18:18.) ing in the Hebrew text: is gone down.... (Jeremiah 15:9.)

728 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA In this example the Hebrew of the words in italics reads literally: "She

has breathed (or blown) out her soul

Inephesh]."The same essential words

(not used grammatically the same) will be found in Job 1 1:20.

But in other examples in the Old

Testament there is a different usage of the Hebrew. Notice this one in

Genesis 25:8:

Then Abraham gave up the ghost, and died in a good old age,... (Authorized

Version.)

Here the Hebrew original of the words in italics, wayyigwa, is completely different from those in Jeremiah 15:9 given above. In contrast

to the Authorized Version, this may be translated:

Then Abraham expired, and died in a good old age,... Vacation fun begins when you

It is highly probable that the board Western Air Lines for...

Nephites used both Hebrew expressions "breathe out the soul"and "expired"in referring to tjie death of a person. To "give up the ghost"in

old English simply means to "give up the spirit (gasi),"that is, to die.

In this article have been presented FUN CAPITAL OF THE WORLD! Take your choice of three fast, pressurbut a few of the Hebrew idioms obized Convair flights daily from Salt Lake City—only 1 hour, 45 minutes

served in the Book of Mormon. At nonstop!

a later time others may be described.

It may be appropriate at this point to make a few observations concerning the old problem of the original language of the Nephite record.These studies support the idea that UUSbnil**

the Book of Mormon was originally AMERICA'S SMARTEST DESERT PLAYGROUND! Only Western serves Palm

written in Hebrew. Most of the Springs—via fast, deluxe flights from both Las Vegas and Los Angeles.

idioms in the book appear to be typically Hebrew idioms; there appear to be few which could be called

Egyptian. To be sure there are

Egyptian names in the Nephite record and other evidences that point to the fact that the Nephite historians were acquainted with the language is your CITY! All the skyway Western by DC6B. MEXICO ROMANTIC way

Internationaland customs of Egypt, but the text to of de Aviation, El Mexrcana Los Angeles, famed where proper shows the strong influence of affiliate of Pan American World Airways, waits on the same ramp.

Hebrew. Whatever your sun country choice—Southern California's Hollywood,

Pasadena or San Diego... Arizona's Phoenix or Tucson—fly there via

Western Air Lines and make the most of your "second summer"!

OCTOBER 1954 729 NEW ZEALAND'S ONE HUNDRED YEARS

(Continued from page 712) Maori people in their own tongue in tion. The old sage then left the asApril, 1889.

sembly and retired to his own resiAt the close of the year 1897 the dence, which was nearby. There for old Australasian Mission was closed

three days he was occupied in prayer, and two separate missions formed, the fasting, and meditation about the Australian Mission and the New problem which had been presented Zealand Mission. km <p for his solution. He was aware that The Doctrine & Covenants and the

the true answer would not come withPearl of Great Price were published heard dbsuf out prayerful meditation and without in the Maori tongue in 1919.

invoking divine aid. After having Over the years many missionaries

. returned to the convention and adNew Zealand, and learned to love.few VVIOIP been thus engaged for three days, he have labored among the people of

dressed his people. the gospel message and the Maori

"Freely translated, these were his folk there as well. President Rufus

words: 'My friends, the church for K. Hardy, late member of the First

the Maori people has not yet come Council of the Seventy, filled a misamong us. You will recognize it sion as a young man, and returned

when it comes. Its missionaries will twice to preside, before being calledwre teii/g Jim, travel in pairs. They will come from to be one of the General Authorities.

the rising sun. They will visit in Elder Matthew Cowley was a teenwill our homes. They will learn our lanaged missionary among them, who ft( say

guage and teach us the gospel in our later returned to be their mission released tongue. they president, they pray, he was and. when When

"faint any swtece willown raise from that calling, their given to the right hands.'he was

Then this venerable chief dictated entire Church as a member of the ijou tfn mention a covenant: Council of the Twelve. Some of his

"'First, this is the day of the fulbest- loved sermons concerned the ness [1881].'"Later in that year the faith of his friends in the South Seas.Wnsicfear out LDS missionaries did come among Over the years, the New Zealand

the Maoris, coming and teaching as Mission has been visited by several of the General Authorities: David O.1* I f'm going -to promised.

"'Second, the year 1882,'he said, McKay, George Albert Smith, Rufus

K. Hardy, Matthew Cowley, LeGrand "sealing"of the the year 'would be dieck oh Richards, and others. of the learn (or the year they would

still like to visit tell of the Elder 'the honorVY-L0ID sealing ordinance). Third, the year Missionaries and oldtime members

: his traveling O. and McKay year David The ing'—of1883 will 'greatbe the faith.'year of

1883 was a year of great honor and companion, Elder Hugh J. Cannon,

great faith among the people of made to New Zealand in April 1921.

first visited District the Kaikohe They tribe the sage of the all n - purpose, plastic Ngatikahungunu, long - wearing President with of George S. Taylor of chief, Potangaroa. Members and paint. "the mission. on Use any material wood, plaster, this tribe the of Jesus joined Church—

wallpaper inside or or masonry outPresident the meeting During—great in Christ Members numbers.

side.

C. whispered to Elder Gordon joined Taylor tribes of the race also of other Can be rolled, brushed or sprayed no—

base or prime coat needed. Dries in a the Church in considerable numbers Young, then a young missionary,

few minutes noninflammable.—odorless, to the Saints that they are "You tell year. 'the same after Washable hours. a few with during Thin with shake come and up hands

. if desired water brush.. wash with Elder William In 1881 M. Bromley

water. to greet to Brother not Easy McKay, and use no brush marks—in arrived Springville, of Utah, New or laps. their in Brother and him Cannon leavfor mission. Before his old paint or Apply over Zealand new work—traditional fashion."perfect enamels. for base wherever Use counseled Salt City ing he was Lake

is finish desired. a flat said PresiElder "What?"(now the to take time "the that had come If painting you have problems NEW dent) the overheard McKay, who

is the paint answer, VYLOID designed people."to the gospel Maori

to be greeted all conditions, for paint VYLOID received been with acclaim wherever has Andrew Jenson, the late Assistant whispering,in the traditional"We desirefashion."

used. Watch for amazing New VYLOID Church Historian cites these growth Here, as elsewhere in the mission,

statistics at this time of the mission Elders McKay and Cannon endeared

AT YOUR LOCAL LUMBER DEALER history: In 1885 there was a total themselves to the hearts of Saints

Church membership in New Zealand and missionaries alike as they be- f Maoris. of 1038 were 1238, whom their one with meetcame them—in

t the of close 1887 Church theMORRISONMERRILL CO. ings, their in greetnative (hongi) & BUILDING MATERIAL beDISTRIBUTORS 2243 with 2573, membership was ings, festivals. in their and 3rd 205 NORTH WEST SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH Maoris. ing that there time misAt were two Boise, Twin Falls, Pocatello, Idaho, Reno, Nevada of Book to the The came Mormon (Continued page 732) on

730 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Conoco Super Gasolino with

The Greatest Gasoline Development in 31 Years

Here are the facts proved by millions:

! TCP boosts your car's power as much as 15%

(because it neutralizes powerrobbing lead deposits).

2. TCP gives you extra gas mileage

(motorists report up to 3 miles more a gallon).

3. TCP is just like an engine tuneup

(because it makes it possible for you to enjoy all your car's builtin power).

first "I used Conoco TCP with Super "Conoco is your of 4. with guarantee TCP TCP C\ Super gives Top Car Performance my

trip. a on vacation Right the from car the best allaround (because performance only full TCP gives the benefits you of start feel I could the difference in 1946 my starting, smoother running and the greatest—quick gasoline in development 31 years). Chevy's hilly performance. In country miles 3 almost gallon. more per really I'm

lets sailed. just all right you! I 5. enjoy over the mileage, Better extra TCP too performance of sold. don't They a better gasoline."make

Carl E. Rudseii, Farmer Conoco Super's higher octane rating. Audrey Lewis, Car Salesman

'1, Route Utica, Nebraska 1216 McArlhur, Rosenberg, Texas

"I discovered Conoco with TCP Super mail route runs "My near miles. 90 "I switched to Conoco with Super Ck Q a trip to in daughter's Salina, my hills, with What roads bumpy and TCP hoping stop engine knock miles 165 each way. traffic, the I made Kansas—on the need best I gasoline get. can in car. there's new no knock or my INowcould trip round refilling without the the I it Itank—got with Conoco Super with TCP! It's is ping ride the and smoother. much It first I'd time ever to able been that!"do far of ahead I've any ever bought."like really runs car."a new

Hall, Lon Barber S. A. Johnson, Rural Mail Carrier Bruhn, 0. Wilhelmina Housewife

St., Tennessee 909 Lawrence, Kansas 1926 West Sycamore, Denton, Texas Street, Kearney 2233 Denver, Colorado!

Unlocks all the unused power in your engine

i"J Conoco Soperl""""Gasoline"Trademark owned and patent applied lorwithby Shell Oil Company TCPhmmmbhmB W 1954,Continental Oil Company "v

OCTOBER 1954 731 New Zealand's

One Hundred Years

(Continued from page 730) of another ic trick to f sionaries laboring church among the Maoris, who were giving our missionaries some concern. One WJtiiimn of our athletic Maori members had

suggested that he be permitted to throw both these men in the river.

-'All-O-WSgat s BoiledW&at Flakes Elder McKay talked him out of it.

It was the experience at the conBigptamp, meaty flakestwice as delirious ference held at Puketapu, Huntly, and toee times as large as othe* flakes. Waikato, April 23, 1921, that has

been retold around the world. Of

< necessity, Elder McKay had been Fixli of natures own vitamins and

MilsFGlRvJi speakinghis tour, to throughthe Maoris,an throughoutinterpreter.

Stewart Meha was to be his inter- > )) Polled Wheat Rate preter"I wish,that oh,day.how I wish I had the

power to speak to you in your own tongue, that I might tell you what 'cooks in second?/ 0Sg&i is in my heart,"Eider McKay began,

"but since"I have not the gift, I pray,

Try some toda and I ask you to pray, that you might have the spirit of interpretation and of discernment...."

in the large tent church that were was l-Ulheat mmmmms These missionaries from another place. as a meeting being used One

of them got to his feet to interrupt.

"Sit down,"Elder McKay said KITCHEI1 CHARI11 seat.quietly, and the man dropped to his

YOU CAN Soon, as often happens in a Maori WAXED PAPER meeting, Maori members arose, and

KEEPS FOOD said something. Elder McKay could

FRESHER LONGER! eldersnot understandcould. Itthewastongue.directedOurat

Stewart Meha, the interpreter: "Be

quiet, Stewart, we understand with- V out your help."In a matter of a

few seconds that call was heard from all over the tent.

(Years later, President McKay recalled: "My sermon lasted forty minutes and I have never addressed a

more attentive, a more respectful audience. My listeners were in perfect rapport—this I knew when I saw

tears in their eyes.")

As the meeting closed, those on to the stand surprised see this were to interrupt attempted man, who had CLAY (C&

See Hermosa Tile Advertisement on Front at the beginning, rushing toward

Cover. Installed in this Territory by Elder McKay with a look upon his

face as if he were possessed with an spirit evil intent Elder doing on bodily of harm. our ELIAS MORRIS McKay Some

tried elders to President to move CO. assistance preMcKay's but were 250 East&SouthSONSTemple, Salt Lake City, Utah

Phone 3-5715 POPULAR WITH MILLIONS vented from doing so by a table that—Established for 94 Years—OF HOUSEWIVES,,, had been used as a pulpit.

AT ALL LEADING GROCERS (Concluded on page 734) 732 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Its the sourcream buttermilk in the mix that makes Sperry pancakes taste so good!"

OF GENERAL MILLS

Good oldfashioned sourcream

buttermilk pancakes—light, tender, delicious.

That's what you get with Sperry Pancake

and Waffle Mix. It's a simple new Betty Crocker

method. Try a package. You'll get lighter,

better tasting pancakes than ever before.

Sberr.y PANCAKE AND WAFFLE MIX "SPERRY"AND "BETTY CROCKER"ARE REGISTERED TRADEMARKS

OF GENERAL MILLS, INC.

OCTOBER 1954 733

New Zealand's

One Hundred Years

(Concluded from page 732) The satisfying In much less time than it takes to tell it, President McKay had taken the man by his wrist, and the spirit of destruction left him, and the man allfamily drink wilted. As our elders came up to

Brother McKay the man was sobbing:

"I want to see the kingdom of God established."

"Then build up, my friend,"President McKay advised. "Don't

tear down."

In another instant, the man's companion had come forward, and the two left the gathering.

JJ# Today about ten thousand of the seventyfive thousand Maoris are members of the Church. The Maori

tongue isn't being used so much in &uforiC their villages and assemblies. Only

the old have their faces colorfully tatooed in the traditions that once were their fathers. These folk, many

of whom claim the distinction of being fifth generation Latterday Saints, work at their regular jobs, and should you happen to attend one of their meetings or Gold and Green Balls, you'd feel right at home there.

There has been a reshifting of missionary work, as our missionaries have again gone to the New

This large 8-ounce jar of Instant Postum makes up to 100 cups! Zealander of European extraction

with the message of the gospel.

Instant Postum contains originallyThe MaoriestablishedAgriculturalby the College,Church in 1913, but whose buildings were destroyed reago, years has been no caffein or other drug established, site, at this time a new and the young Maori Saints, those

Everyone from Granddad to your youngest toddler can enjoy who are to benefit first by such a

It's Instant Postum. harmless because it's caffeinfree—with no school,buildingsare ofhelpingtheir to ownconstructmaking.the or of drugs stimulants any kind

Under Church guidance, too, the

Postum has plenty of flavor though—a hearty goodness that's making of beautifully carved wood,

wonderfully warm and satisfying. a craft centuries old, is being reIt's ready to drink in an instant, too, made right in the cup by learned, this time as a handicraft

adding hot water or—for growing youngsters—hot milk. Nuhaka,and hobby.Mahia,The whichcarved serveshouse theat

Why not serve Instant Postum to your family at mealtimes? Church as a conference site and recIt's familypriced—less than a penny a cup! Another wonderful reation center, one of the finest speciproduct of General Foods. men's of carved wood in New

Zealand, serves as illustrations of this article.

From every corner of the New Zealand Mission comes word of Instant Postum growth and development. The fuNo caffein turefor anlooksevenbrightgreaterin secondNew Zealandcentury

of preaching the message of the restored gospel.

734 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA IDS Men Attend Conference See San Francisco's worldfamous bridges

(Concluded from page 727) to the purpose of the conference.

This he did in his native tongue.

During the afternoon session, a message of greeting from President

Hilton A. Robertson was read by

Chaplain Madsen.

At the conclusion of the afternoon session, there were still added festivities. Chaplain Madsen officiated at

the marriage ceremony uniting Sergeant Ito Tilo, a convert to the

Church and a US serviceman of Somoan ancestry, and Song So Yun, a Korean National employed by the

US Government as a secretary.

—Reported by Kimball T. Harper

and Heber B. Lamb. See San Francisco

Southern California ON YOUR WAY TO LOS ANGELES

MIA Conference Take Southern Pacific's fine, fast Overland Route trains to (Concluded from page 714) San Francisco... stop off and visit this gay, cosmopolitan city...

were about fifty members of the then complete your trip to Los Angeles on S. P.'s California DayYoung Men's and Young Women's light, the luxurious, scenic streamliner with the bargain coach

general boards. The conference was fares! You'll see California's mountains and valleys, plus 113 miles

directed by Elbert, R. Curtis, General of beautiful Pacific surf.

Superintendent of the Young Men's S.P.'s Daylights give you foam rubber reclining Chair Car

Mutual Improvement Association, and seats... huge picture windows... economical Coffee Shop...Tavern

Bertha S. Reeder, General President Car for refreshments and congenial company. Your seat is reserved.

of the Young Women's Mutual ImSo the next time you go to Los Angeles, see the magic city provement Association. Coordinators of San Francisco—then see California by Daylight.

of the conference were Elder Mark trip, for California your information and reservations For

B. Ross of Glendale Stake and or write T. E. Hewitt, Ticket Office, call at our Salt Lake City

Bernardine Wallace of the East Los General Agent, 14 South Main St., Salt Lake City 1.

Angeles Stake.

Two sessions, the music festival

Friday night and a general session AMERICA'S MOST MODERN TRAINS

Sunday morning, were held in the picturesque Hollywood Bowl. Each

attracted an estimated 16,000 to 20,000 persons. Other events were

held in the East Los Angeles Junior

College auditorium and stadium and in chapels in the Los Angeles area.

Some 7000 young persons from all parts of Southern California took part in the various activities. Many

hundreds of M I A leaders from the sixteen stakes registered for departmental work.

PP== OCTOBER 1954 735 WHY A BREAKFAST OF ffN>3vN3'>OvJv3\2v3s>0\> l/ JrnHinencvn9 OtLer6

Richard L. Evans

JVTay we touch today upon a further thought or two conPROVIDES LASTING ENERGY 1T1 cerning the effect of our ideas and attitudes on others.

FOR ACTIVE BODIES! otherFashionpeople.is one Justevidencewho ofsetsthetheinfluencesubtletiesthatof fashionpeople haveis diffion

cult to say, but, as Benjamin Franklin observed: It seems

that there are those "who, perhaps, fear less the being in hell than out of fashion"1—and there is little reason to

suppose that this feeling is strictly confined to the feminine part of the population. We all tend to follow custom more

or less, to follow traditional ways. And in part at least,

we also tend to follow changing fashion. There may be

some unusually independent people who feel that they aren't influenced by the example of others—but all of us

are influenced more than we think. And often the new

things we think we need, we think we need not so much because the old ones are worn out, but because they are out of fashion. As Shakespeare said: "The fashion wears out

more apparel than the man."- But fashion is just one way

in which we are influenced by others. And as we are inNO COAXING WITH FLAVORFUL fluenced by others, so also we influence others, whether we

it or not. And as we influence them, so we are reCARNATION INSTANT WHEAT! know

sponsible for the effect of our influence, whether we know

Here's tempting- a hearty and breakfast responsibility inescapable have an for the We dish that's just active for made for the set and youngitexampleor not.we express before peoopinions we

issters rich all as it—with the natural

whole wheat values of thiamine, niacin, ple, especially before young and impressionable people. The

phosphorus and iron! child who hears us make a remark, cannot always distinguish

between what we are stating as unassailable truth and whatNot only does new Carnation Instant we are stating purely as theory or supposition or personalWheat provide extra energy as the day as sarcasm, when we say one thing andwears on—but the rich goodness of opinion—or even

genuine Northwest premium wheat is mean the absolute opposite. Every person, however inwonderful for tempting sleepy morning conspicuous, has his weight with others, and is (in this

appetites! sense, as in others also), his brother's keeper. Every child,

YOU'LL LIKE the way Carnation Instant every man, every woman, is being made and molded by

Wheat saves you time, too—for part of what he hears, what he sees, what he senses in the acts and

the cooking has been done for you! So utterances and attitudes and innuendoes of others. Every

start with a temptingly different breakwriter, every teacher, every speaker, every friend and assofast—tomorrow! ciate—indeed every person—is responsible for his effect on

others, whether his relationships are professional or personal. As we touch the lives and minds of other men, we:9sggg

would well remember the words of Paul: "Take heed lest

COOKS IN by any means this liberty of yours become a stumblingblock "NO TIME''i*r*z to them that are weak,";;—or we might add, lest it become

a stumbling block to anyone at all—weak or strong—for the

lives of all of us are vitally affected by the attitudes and nation ideas and actions and utterances of all of us. And we can

let ideas loose without responsibility than we can n INSTANT no more wwoie WHBAT *E4l let germs loose without responsibility.

sese Jhe Spoken lA/ord from temple square *tfv

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

SYSTEM, JULY 25, 1954 Copyright, 1954 PARENTS/, MAGAZINf.

1 Benjamin Franklin's Poor Richard's Almanac (Revised on the Air.)

-Shakespeare, Much Ado About Nothing.

[milk].,.,,,,-| Same famous family as Carnation Milk H Cor. 8:9.

736 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Vote of Confidence See MaryeveryKayotherand TuesdayJohnny onnight—ABCTVthe U. S. Steel Hour

(Continued from page 713) shop was oldfashioned, Otto slow (Ino messy mop wringing himself.moving, of unsure

Retireor me Ii be a smart move.ment would

Crane shifted uncomfortably in the I've got a Boyco Cone Wringer Mop Bucket!

! my mop's dampdry,chair, trying to adjust his body. He I just twist—and presto

... the perforated cone wringerwished the confounded clicking of ready to use

the scissors would stop for a moment. does the work—my hands stay dry... no more

What he really wished, he knew, Bucket stooping,has squareeither.cornersMytoConeavoidWringerupsetting

was to shake the figures and statistics... makes it easy to store, too!'

from his mind, the picture of that graph with the lines steadily descending during past months. "garbage cans lead

So much was uncertain, he thought. life!"a roughWas this merely a business cycle, a

are built Garbage Cans Boyco phase? Given a little time could he to take it! They're allsteel

come up with an answer to solve it?... with deep corrugated sides

Or was he just kidding himself; creditand reinforced tops and

ing himself with an ability he no bottoms... and galvanized

longer possessed? to resistA sizerustforandeveryweather.need.. "Your pardon, Mr. Crane—"Otto from 2 l/i to 35 gallons!'paused in his work. "I, that is—"he

made a point of studying his scissors. "You may recall, Mr. Crane, I spoke to you about retiring—

"Yes?"Crane wished he'd get on

with it. "I was wondering,"Otto went on slowly, "you are a businessman. You

are called upon to make important decisions. I was wondering what

you thought of the idea?"

"Smart move,"Crane said vaguely.

"You're getting no younger. Might

as well face facts, be practical."

The old man hesitated.chair—"I perhaps anotherthought

"Wouldn't risk it,"Crane said.

"Just mean more expense."save steps

"Yes."Otto's voice was tired.

"You are right, Mr. Crane. It would with this BOYCO pair!"

mean more expense."Pie limped Quick BoycotidyupsWasteare a Basketsbreeze with... they're

around the chair to his work cabinet, colormatched to home or office. Keep "trash

near... Dust Boyco Panslowly wiping the comb with a a it hugs burns to floor the sweep!'for a clean

towel. "I was grasping at straws,

I suppose, seeking any foolish excuse ash in minutes!"!

is perforated Burner Rubbish Boycoto hold on to the shop."My

for air holes of with hundreds

As Otto lapsed into silence Crane burning. Heavyduty steel and raised bottom!'safe trash

returned to his own thoughts. An

idea had been forming in his mind.

The Hampshire mill. They could

buy it outright, produce their own silk prints; he had ideas for some

great new numbers. Only trouble

was if it didn't pan out He was suddenly conscious of Otto's movement, the barber stepping longlastingLook for Boyco'sgalvanizedcompleteware lineat yourof deferentially aside. He felt the hand local Hardware or Department Store

on his shoulder at the same time UNITED STATES STEEL PRODUCTS he saw the familiar figure in the DIVISION mirror, black coat, homberg, and 5100UNITEDSANTA STATESFE AVENUE,STEELLOS ANGELES,CORPORATIONCALIFORNIA cane—J. B. Hasbrook, chairman of 1849 OAK STREET, ALAMEDA, CALIFORNIA

the board. ST (Continued on following page) UNITED STATES &

OCTOBER 1954 737 Vote of Confidence

(Continued from preceding page) "Lloyd, thought it was you."Hasbrook smiled into the mirror. "I'm

leaving for the day; glad I found you.

Just got a call from Smedley of

Forbes'Textile. They're growing

impatient for an answer. I arranged

for a meeting tomorrow at eleven.

Is that all right with you?"

"Why—yes, that's fine, J. B."

Hasbrook turned to leave, then hesitated and came back. "Just one

thing more. At the last meeting we

were pretty much carried away by the possibilities of this thing. I meant

to speak to you about it. We

wouldn't want you to be swayed by our reaction, Lloyd. You're the expert; it's your judgment we're relying I Bought MY AUTO INSURANCE at 25% Off on.

from "In fact—"he chuckled, "someAmerica's Oldest Total Abstainers Auto Insurance Co. times I think it would be worth turn-

I proved that I was a total abstainer with a good driving ing down the deal altogether just for record—and Preferred Risk proved that they could protect me the kick I'd get watching the hungry

with standard form automobile insurance at a cost of 25% below look on Smedley's face when one of what I had been paying... That was five years ago! those sensational promotion ideas of

But this was only the beginning... I found the initial 25% yours takes hold and the figures start

saving was followed by progressive rate reductions based on my climbing again. You know, boy—

own safe driving record. Since I had no accidents my rate went he gave Crane an affectionate punch

down even lower... Today my saving on auto insurance on the arm, "sometimes I think it's

is 44%! you, not the firm, that these boys I was surprised that I could save so much—but I shouldn't are really angling for."

have been. I know that drinking drivers are responsible for

thousands of costly accidents and cause other insurance comCrane made a selfdeprecating repanies to pay out millions of dollars in claims... Preferred mark, and when Hasbrook left, Otto

Risk pays out on none of these "drinking"losses because it has came over with the steaming hot none. It has none because it insures nondrinkers* only. towel and laid it on his face. Crane

No wonder Preferred Risk has 60,000 satisfied policyholders allowed himself to settle back in the and over $2,000,000 in assets—and issues America's only non chair then and relax. They knew

assessable total abstainers policy. No wonder I smile when I he could do it, he thought. They'd

say "No thanks, I'm a P. R."never even doubted it. And with

occasional "socio/"abstainer. *Nondrinker The means TOTAL drinker this left, his doubts knowledge own

this an immediate return coupon for It you qualify, is NOT eligible.

too. get he'd in touch Tomorrow quotation.

with the mill. His instincts had

failed him before; they wouldn't ACT NOW—USE THIS COUPON never

staff, his beNeither now. would about your auto insurance for total abinformation Please send me complete

like cause it this that times was in stainers. there I understand is no obligation.

Name My auto insurance quality came to the surface.

expires: Otto's him, hands were massaging Address Month

his fingers their working on magic City.State.. Day

... face, his gently, competently. Year OccupationSuddenly then, remembering, Crane

Age Age of principal driver of auto Age of youngest driver. sat up with a start. "Otto, you can't

Make of Car Year...No. Cylinders retire. You're too fine a craftsman.

Body type & Model (Series) Too many people depend on you."

Use of Car: Pleasure Business Q To and from work miles one way. The barber was startled. "But, Marital Status of Principal Driver: Married with children Mr. Crane, you said—

MtOfld Single, living at home Single thought"Forgetit whatout. I Itsaid.wouldn'tI hadn'ttake

chair as much, another you sugACCIDENTS'PREFERRED RISK MUTUAL gested, changed a few fixtures INSURANCE COMPANY to modernize the place—

DEPT. 9-4, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 501 JUDGE BLDG., Otto said hesitantly, "And do you

4-1931 PHONE think perhaps a manicurist—

'America's Total Abstainers Automobile Insurance Company"—Sam Morris, President

(Concluded on page 740) 738 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 9,896 small businessmen help us serve you well

BaCK Id Grandpa S d8y T horsedrawn tank wagons like this delivered Pearl Oil Kerosene and Eureka

Harness Oil to Standard customers. It was a delivery

system good enough for the times—but not good enough

for a company with a growing demand for its products and a policy of putting them within reach of everyone.

t 8,329 Independent Chevron Dealers like i 725 Independent Distributors, like H. G. 188 Independent Marine Dealers like Ted

Jim Davenport, of Phoenix, Arizona, Hathaway, of Grants Pass, Oregon, Engstrom, of Olympia, Wash., retail

bring Standard's products to motorists. distribute our products in rural areas. Standard products to Western boatmen.

I 235 Independent Heating Oil Dealers like | 101 Independent Liquified Gas Dealers like | 318 Independent Airport Dealers like How-

F. L. "Doc"Howard, Boise, Idaho, are Fred La Frentz, Cedar City, Utah, disard S. Fisher, San Diego, Calif., supply

retailers of Standard Heating Oils tribute butane and propane gases. Standard products to Western planes.

LV6r hear the Olie about big companies "squeezing people. You probably know some of them because

out the little fellow"? You'd have a hard time conthey contribute to the community life and prosperity

vincing these 6 men—or the 9,890 independent busiof thousands of Western towns. Their undertakings

nessmen like them who team with us to bring you are not only based upon Standard products, but opStandard Oil Company of California products quickly, erated and expanded with the help of scores of busiconveniently, economically. They form the nucleus ness aids Standard supplies without charge. We do

of a distribution system that reaches every corner all we can to help them prosper for Standard knows of the West. Each of these men operates his own a big company can't succeed without the help of small

independent company; together they employ 27,976 businessmen. It takes both to serve you well.

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA %5 4MGtfa&, tid'fe/awnin*2 ct/tetid /o bebwe Mint 6e/foi

OCTOBER 1954 739 VOTE OF CONFIDENCE (Concluded from page 738) almost audible, and somehow Crane "Definitely. The place could knew that Otto, too, would make

carry one."out. He settled back in the chair

"Then you feel—then, his sense of wellbeing com-

1/aI/tte... "I don't feel; I know. You have notplete,helpandbutclosingwonder:his foreyeshowhe manycould

it takes, that's Otto; this the what of us in these times was THE NEW whatcounts. can't miss."that you With of convote a simple answer—just The old barber's sigh of relief was fidence?

\iJfi Ul5ivia or <=JLo6lna'-9 <=JLl wW

Richard L. Evans

11/Iay we turn today to a paradoxical New Testament text.

-LT -i- It was our Lord and Savior who said: "For whosoever

will save his life shall lose it: and whosoever will lose his

life for my sake shall find it."1 There is much emphasis

these days on "saving"ourselves, at least in a mental and physical sense. Blessedly, we have machines that do the

work of millions of men—machines that do the work of the

mythological giants and of the genie of Aladdin's lamp

NO OTHER ORGAN fromtechnicalthe movingdetails—machinesof mountainsthatto eventhe mostmakemeticulous"decisions,"of

OFFERS SO MUCH and, paradoxically, do more work more uniformly than the men who made them. And so the days and hours of labor

Church congregations are the have been shortened, and time in a sense has been "saved."

best judge of whether an orBut with all this "saving"of time and of effort and of human gan suits their requirements. energy, it appears that people are not always quite sure

And every day Connsonata what it is that they are "saving"themselves for. Some peris.being proved best by haps "save"themselves simply to sit. Some work hard at

church committees everypursuing pleasures and pastimes (and some men make money where who see it, hear it and by helping other men spend the socalled leisure time that then buy it. See for yourself laborsaving machines have saved). And some perhaps

work harder at play than they work at their work. (And in

why so many are choosing this they are not so different from children, who will work

Connsonata. Free demonstraexceedingly hard at play, but who would pout and plead

tion without obligation. fatigue and feel imposed upon if someone should assign

them to the selfsame task.) Time cannot be hoarded.

Life cannot be hoarded. It is only good for what we use

it for. And we deceive ourselves if we seek too much to 'atines Music

"save"ourselves by simply sitting or simply seeking to amuse 4547 SOUTH MAIN ourselves. The only way to "save"time, to "save"life—the

5aftateC,Y</ 145 NORTH UNIVERSITY, PROVO J'2260 WASHINGTON BlVD.,0GDEN only way to put it into "storage"so to speak—is to convert

it into accomplishment: into work done, into things made

and improved, into talents developed, into service given, into knowledge and understanding acquired, and lives lifted WE OFFER... in the cause of truth and human happiness. As surely as A COMPLETE

ENGRAVING SERVICE we live, the law of compensation will enter in. As surely

From Missionary Portraits to the Largest as we live, we shall be richlv rewarded for exceeding the

Catalogues.

Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention minimum required amount. Life is going to pass; time

is going to pass into eternity no matter what we do with it

CO. UTAH ENGRAVING it. fail life will or his with whosoever to do save And "...

St. 113 Regent Salt Lake City, Utah

... it: lose will life shall his lose [or use] whosoever and

shall find it,"here and hereafter, where it will last forever and mean infinitely much.

DRINK Jke Spoken (A/ord from temple square

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING ftcq A delightful hot beverage for those SYSTEM, AUGUST 1, 1954 Copyright, 1954 who don't drink coffee. 'Matthew 16:25.

AT YOUR GROCERS 740 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Chnrch Moves On Whenever you use salad dressing*

(Continued from page 696) It was announced that a bureau of information was functioning on the grounds of the temple at Manti, Utah.

o President David O. McKay was

the principal speaker at the Southern California MIA conference.

Today's concluding sessions, a meeting under the direction of the First Presidency and a speech conference, were held in the Hollywood Bowl and in the auditorium of the East Los Angeles

Junior College.

Sunday evening services in many wards and branches of the Church commemorated the twentyfifth anniversary of the founding of the Home

Builders, the program of the Primary

Association for the nine, ten, and elevenyear-old girls of the Church.

ft Mt. Jordan (Salt Lake County)

"Stake presented its annual pageant which bears the general title, "The

Refiner's Fire."This year's presentation, with a cast of fifty, dealt with the

Biblical story of Joseph's being sold into bondage.

-i 9 "America's Witness for Christ,"* "the sacred pageant opened its thirteenth annual threenight performance at the Hill Cumorah, New York. LUMBERJACKTry these Nalley'sSYRUPfoods, CHILItoo-

-i Q The cast of seventyfive presented BEEF STEW POTATO CHIPS "America's the twelvescened Wit-f ** HAVE YOUR CHILDREN SEEN for second nightness Christ"for the at the Hill Cumorah this year. TUBBY

1 M It was announced that a survey of the graduating classes of ten and twentyfive years ago from 173

American universities, found Brigham'

Young University had the highest birth rate for its alumni in three out of the four categories. The Population

Reference Bureau of Washington, D. C,

announced that the national average birth rate of men college graduates of 1929 was 1.95 children for each man;

men graduates of BYU for that year had averaged 3.38 children. The national

average for women graduates of the class of 1929 was 1.36 children; BYU

women graduates had averaged 3.78.

For the men graduates of the class of 1944, the national average birth rate was 1.79; BYU men had averaged 3:17. THE GOLDFISH?The national average birth rate among

women of the class of 1944 was 1.39,

while BYU women graduates of that He's part of the fun of family dinner year had averaged 2.08 children. In

this last category, were women BYU m the C O F F E E SHOP

St.surpassed graduates of by the 1944

Mary's College of Indiana, with a Special china, prices and souvenir menus for your children birth rate of 2.28 children for each

woman graduate, and Utah State Agricultural College, whose 1944 women 2.17 children.graduate averaged Hotel Utah Max Carpenter, Manager (Concluded following page) on

OCTOBER 1954 741.

THE CHURCH MOVES ON

(Concluded from preceding page) O A A special train of Church people "v and friends left Salt Lake City "America's Witness for Christ,"the pageant at Palmyra, New York, was for Omaha, Nebraska, to help celepresented to an audience of forty thoubrate that city's centennial anniversary. VITAMINS

AND sand, in its final performance this year. i) 1 This was "Mormon Pioneer Day"

MINERALS After a summer recess, stake condeclared"*—inbyOmaha,that cityNebraska.in the Itmidstwas soof

Drink them in 15 ferences began again this week celebrating the centennial of its founddelicious juice form—Use a end. ing.

SWEDEN Speed JUICER

Give your family vital nutrients of carrots, celery, apples, tic cabbage, etc. Available in

.. freshmade juices. Help build Jke otaoj of l\etvim

Exclusive stamina, resistance.

extraction process for more Richard L. Evans

vitamins, more minerals.

Juice in seconds. f\n the question again of "saving"ourselves, may we turn

to operateEasy the text: thy bread scriptural upon "Cast another "to clean. Easy to

1 a it after days."This is shalt find for waters: thou many

simple statement of the law of harvest, of the law of return.

In plain, inelegant language, it is the law of putting somejwB thing into something before we expect to get something out

At leading departof something. Basically, unselfish giving, working, serving,

ment, appliance is in a sense an enlightened sort of selfishness, for it carries healthfood and stores, or write for with it the certainty of receiving. But the man who tightly

folder. free

withholds himself, who seeks altogether to "save"himself,

CW6D6N his effort, his energy, to get without giving, to hold tightly SSPEED JUICER OTHERSPAT. NO.PENDING2297880 tobe everythingfound amonghe thehas, mostwill undoubtedly,impoverished ofas peopleany miseras tomust,the

MFG. FREEZER SWEDEN CO. things that matter most. It is trite to say so, but still in99, SEATTLE WASH.DEPT. Jl-l JUICER DIVISION

escapably true, that "whatsoever a man soweth, that shall he also reap."2 And we should not expect to have a harvest

take ALL the work out of without working and waiting; we should not expect to receive

dividends without saving and investing—nor to acquire skill

without practice, nor knowledge without study, nor reward STARCHING without work. We must not expect friends without offering

Ready To Use! friendship, nor kindness without giving kindness, nor underJust Add Water standing without offering understanding—and we must be

FOR EASY STARCHING, ready to give first, and not expect others always to make

BEAUTIFUL IRONING the first move. In other words, we must be willing to put

More Economical in before we expect to get out. And the attitude of holding

because it's extra rich back, of never making the first move, of "saving"ourselves,

Get QUICK ELASTIC LIQUID today in a niggardly sense, constitutes a kind of stifling stalemate.

Someone has to have faith, and the willingness to waitfaith enough to put in the fuel before the wheels begin to go, faith enough to save and invest before the dividends come due, faith enough, and foresight, and wisdom, and understanding and kindness and hospitality, and bigness of heart to make the first move in friendship, in love, in service, and even in common courtesy. Someone has to have faith in

men, faith in the future, faith enough to invest, to learn, to work, to save, to wait—faith enough to give of himself

before he begins to get. And as surely as the law of return,

the law of compensation operates, and assuredly it does:

"Cast thy bread upon the waters: for thou shalt find it after

many days"1—with an increase of it also.

Uke Spoken \AJord from temple square

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

SYSTEM, AUGUST 8, 1954 Prefer the modern powdered Copyright, 1954

ELASTIC Buy QUICK Use or COLD HOT starch?Dry—at!Ecc.] Cal. 11:1.6:7. quart. a about %c

742 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA J%u # $- '* w *\3S1C G**

VaV?*. S3 a-'

..* /r"S>,bat e\ude-- g-.OOa--

Cotvotes ',30>** "1#'c\e C T!abet**'"".tooick#*A\voc uae -.W-OP

e.#v-..4&P o A vew

.illii SvoM

AusVc

OCTOBER 1954 743 Have your Something to Be Sure Of

scholarship; a I'll have some teaching,

engagements some professional andIPROVfMT RflS (Continued from page 726) oh, I can hardly wait! Madame must

handsomely bound think I'm really good—don't you

think?"She glowed with new selffor just $000 confidence.She's sure of herself, Peggy noted,

FOB SALT CITY her gladness mixing with somber U LAKE

FOR BINDING YOUR ENTIRE thoughts. When she came back to

YEAR'S ISSUE complete awareness of the talk babforRetain use the excellent permanent inbling around, she heard Madge saystructions articles outstanding and of lasting interest that appear monthly in your Improveing* editions have of thement Era. You may Era "That's for me, too—keeping busy in 1handsomely clothcovered bound book now

form with gold stamping. Cost is just $3 (prewhile Hal's away. And I know what

paid), plus postage, for an entire year's issues. I want most to do—and it's to learn

ADD POSTAGE FOR MAIL ORDERS from you, Mother Francis, how to run

Distance frcm it. I thoughtSalt Lake City, Utah Rate a home the way you do

Up to 150 miles 43 about it all the time I was in San 150 to 300 miles.49 Francisco. Well, I was so lonesome

to 300 600 miles 59 without Hal and I missed all of you, miles 1000 600 to 73 1000 to 1400 miles 88 and I suddenly knew I wanted this 1400 to 1800 miles...1.06 kind of home and family, for us.

Over 1800 miles 1.23 I'll have a lot to learn, of course.

Send to or bring your Era Magazines to the And—first, I want to go with him, be

near him as long as I can. But after

that—"Deseret News Press

voice low stopped, Dad's and She The West's Finest Binders—too."that has come, "So31 RICHARDS STREET PHONE 4-2581 SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH said,

"Right, Dad,"Hal said quietly.

"And when I can't follow him,"

Madge persisted, "then I want to come here and—and—you will teach WORLD'S FINEST BASKETBALL me, won't you?"she turned to Mums.

"Why, of course, dear,"Mums said warmly. "Anything I can!"

"I'm right, don't you think?

wanting to be near him while it's

CAN'T COSTS possible? So that—no matter what

PEEL NO may happen, later, we'll have had—

can't Something—that

away!"OR MORE thatever bemuch.taken

GIVE THAN "You are right,"Mums assured her.

AT ORDI- "We all have to remember that—to

make the most of what we have;

THE NARY appreciate it, and not fail to be glad

SEAMS BALLS for it."

Peggy's mind seemed to be racing after something, grasping at something almost within reach. She saw

Dad looking around at them all, with pride growing big and tall in him

SPECIALISTS IN in his brightening eyes, his relaxCOMPLETE OUTFITTING

OF TEAMS IN ALL SPORTS ing mouth, in a squaring of his shoulders as if strength were returnSpoattag.GwoU, ing by minutes.

Bennett's, Ogden—Bennett's, Provo

Logan Hardware, Logan "Well, I'll be jiggered!"he said, a

Paint Easlside Co., Idaho Falls huskiness in his voice making it

Pocatello Co., Glass Idaho & Paint

65 W. First South—Salt Lake City Twin Falls Glass & Paint Co. deeper than ever. "What a family

I've got! What a rarin'-tearin'fam744 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

ily of swell kids! Here I've been

worrying, trying to figure out some new angles—and now I find out how

nobody's kicking about the upset of the old gravytrain at all! Everybody

traveling new ways, under their own power. Am I proud! Of course I'm

sorry, too, about the new home having to go—

"Don't be, Russ!"Mums said

quickly. "It would be so big, pretty

soon, for just you and me... with

our children all getting ready to leave.

Besides, it rests me to think of that moving job we don't have to do! We'll

be happier right here, and Russ—you

I!"His deep chuckle rumbled at them.

"You can say that again, Jessie. I

picked a good crew manager for us all, didn't I, kids? Best deal I ever

sold myself mother. I on—your

should tell you more often, I suspect.

With her—and you kids to back us,

we'll still do okay!"

"Teamwork, Dad!"Ken said. He

slapped down his unruly hair, sat back in his chair, and thumbed the armholes of his T-shirt, wigglewag- gling his fingers across his thrustout chest.

Peggy looked on, warmed by the look between them. Wonderful

Mums, wonderful Dad! Would it be

like this with her and Craig when years had rolled on to their forties with all the changes time would rfflSV*bring? She turned her face from m\A. 3 Ae,*vthat shining glory—to encounter another, shining between Hal andMadge. A look that said, "This will &*>

be ours too. The waiting, theworking, the togetherness—whatever US-v"H&*'0.

we have, it will be worth having had.

A long time, or a little time....

And suddenly Peggy knew; doubts "*

vanished; she knew they would not

return.Love—work—togetherness. There

it was, a trinity she had never quite understood before—but which now

seemed as clear as stars. If you held

to those Cookies don't stick to pans... fresh -made

Ah, Peggy could write that letter to sandwiches stay fresh... a lot of jobs are

Craig, now. Tonight, setting the done easier... when ZEE double Waxed

date, for she had the secret! And it Paper goes into action. For ZEE is waxed

needn't matter greatly, whether you clear through, is a heavierwaxed paper started from Windsor Heights and... gives food exfra protection, saves

a tall blue window, or from Fourth

Street and little windows looking out extra work. Look for ZEE in the handy

into friendly old trees; when you had "cutteredge"box.

that combination, you had the important thing:

A thing you could be sure of! CROWN ZELLERBACH CORPORATION 1954.

OCTOBER 1954 745 years ago in the midst of his arduous

Spencer W. Kimball official labors, he was stricken again L. D. S. (Continued from page 708) with a severe heart ailment—and Temples Plate age of about seven he went swimming ordered to inactivity. But inactivity

at Cluff's Ranch with his father, and is almost impossible to Spencer Kimwas all but drowned. Cluff's Ranch 3 ball—and he spent frustrating, heartwith its swimming pond and shade breaking months as a man who

trees and swings, was the favorite knew he had a mission, and was prepicnic grounds for the people of the vented from performing it. Again

Gila Valley. On holidays and special faith and blessings—and there is no

occasions whole communities would evidence today of an impaired heart travel by buggy and wagon to this in this man who travels up and down cool retreat at the foot of the mounthe Church with the tireless pace of tains. It was on one of these comone who knows that life is only good

munity picnics that Spencer's father, for what it is used for.

being an expert swimmer, had taken About three years following the his small son on his back for a long onset of his heart impairment Brother swim over the deep part of the pond. Kimball was stricken also with a

his told Spencer returned they As first serious ailment, throat with Ten Temples feel solid unground father could he virtual of hoarseness, then symptoms 10 inch picnew commemorative A this assurance feet, with his and der loss of voice. cannot colors. ture plate ExBut one in glowing

clusive design features all Ten Andrew Kimball left his young son imagine Spencer Kimball without a

Temples. Trimmed with gold filiand returned to deep water. Spencer voice to plead with people. Life he

gree. began to wade to the shore, but was willing to give, and all else also,

hole, and strug- a into deep Postpaid in U. S. $1.98 each dropped that he must he knew be—but lost consciousness. gled until he that to voice do the work Fihaveif needhis Temple\

Salt nally someone among the swimmers had been given him to do. And, in a

and saw the gravity of the situation and matter of hours after President J. was Spencer for help and called Pepper to administered Clark had Reuben

his time, as After some pulled out. Sets B. Lee and Brother Harold with him,

Replica Models in antique metal finish lungs were emptied of water, conBrother Henry D. Moyle, Brother

Postpaid in U. S. $1.00 pair sciousness returned. Kimball's voice came back, miracuThen, at about ten years of age, lously, from what was said to have

the he there morning when was of this man been a malignancy—and of side his face one with awoke

in full purpose was again dedicated Cup and pain, but paralyzed. There no was

Saucer Set complete loss of muscular control, and service.

his brothers and sisters joked about With all the confidence he has in the strange look on his face. (Spencer his mission, yet upon his call to the

of the KinvCouncil Brother Twelve, collectors'item with handMniature or smiled reports that he when in color. scenes Temple painted beset inner doubts ball was with and affair.") a onesided laughed "it was set in only U. S. 75c Postpaid

as to the work, doubts in worries—not specialist medical no was There to order your Send

the area and the country doctor probut as to his own ability and powers.

Presi18, 1943, Between July when Spencer was only a liniment. vided GIET TEMPLE SHOP for dent Clark, President speaking father and administered to by his Salt Lake City, Utah 55 West So. Temple

Satisfaction Guaranteed others of the priesthood who were Grant, telephoned him from Salt Lake

City, tell visiting in Salt Lake been he When had him that CitvJ to the weeks a few In called in.

broivse in around. Manyand come to of called the the Council Twelve gone. entirely That paralysis was the items Temples. featuring more

was over fifty years ago, and it has between then and when he was never since returned. sustained and set apart after the genDespite the sorrow and disappointeral conference in October, he underIN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS ment of his mother's death, when he went an intense inner adjustment of

perhaps has not no which one who adjustment eleven, he made the was simple of Canker, in treatmentAids it conceive quite been through can of life, and to the new circumstances throat minorsore mouth and other and throat irritations. continued on his course of faithful three months of sensitive, acute selfperformance. searching—like Paul in his Arabian

And there was the time when at preparation for his ministry—followed HALLS REMEDY twelve years of age, the motherless by a determination to dedicate his

CityUtah Salt Lake life call to that the had come to him. critical a case of typhoid had

i *'.-!—- i i—i <m*-. '-mm i T—i * boy done. that he has And his in Salt fever, father absent with

Lake City, and with others dying Prior to his call to the Council of from it in the area. With faith, adthe Twelve, Spencer's Church career

IN THE GOSPEL NET ministration by neighbors, and the had included many offices and activiBy Elder John A. Widtsoe blessings of his Father in heaven, he ties. He was ordained to the usual

survived this illness also. priesthood offices, from deacon At your bookdealers—$1.75

More recently, about five or six (where he served as president of his 746 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA quorum) to high priest. He served

as a Sunday School teacher at fourteen, chorister teacher, as ward ward leader;and choir and member served Your Church University

on the stake Sunday School board while still in his early teens. He became clerk of St. Joseph Stake at the

age of twentytwo.

Spencer spent his mission in the

Central States under President Samuel O. Bennion. When released, he

was president of the Missouri Conference with some thirty missionaries under his supervision.

And he has never lost the missionary zeal. As vicechairman of

the Church missionary committee today he is constantly pressing for more effective performance. Stake missionary work and work among "the

minorities"have had his particular attention, and have made much Is As Close progress under his prodding. Each

week he goes over a thick file of reports, and dictates a long list of As Your Mailbox letters to the General Authorities asright in take college work can Yes, you

University'ssigned to stake conferences, to assist your Brigham home. Young

them in their interviews and inHome Study Bureau offers more than 225 quiries. courses by mail, each one carrying full UniIn 1952 Brother Kimball and Presiversity credit, from Accounting to Zoology,

dent Bruce R. McConkie were sent including L.D.S. religious courses. Enroll

on a missionary journey for the NOW. Clip and mail this coupon.

Church to Mexico and Central America. On this trip the Mexican Mission was divided, the Central AmerMail To

ican Mission organized, and its first BUREAU OF HOME STUDY

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY president installed, and the land PROVO, UTAH dedicated for proselyting.

When Spencer's father died after Name serving as president of the St. Joseph Street

Stake for over a quarter century, City & State

President Heber J. Grant traveled to sity'sPlease Bureausend meof HomewithoutStudycost catalog.Brigham Young UniverThatcher, Arizona, to attend his

funeral. (President Grant and AnKimballdrew had been friends

the funeral,childhood.) Following from Brigham Young University

President Grant reorganized the stake PROVO, UTAH presidency and installed Harry L.

Payne as president, with John F.

Nash as first counselor, and Spencer

W. Kimball as second counselor. That

was September 8, 1924, when Spencer was twentynine. In 1936 other

changes were made in the St. Joseph

Stake presidency and Spencer was released as counselor and sustained as stake clerk again, (which position he had been filling part of the time even as a member of the stake presidency and he and Elder Melvin J. Ballard

felt that he should not carry both responsible positions.)

Then, two years later, February 1938, Mt. Graham Stake was created

(named for the beautiful towering (Continued on following page) OCTOBER 1954 747.

displaying an administrative effiSpencer W. Kimball ciency that ranked his stake high

(Continued from preceding page) among some of the more compact Welcome to Our peak that rises to some 11,000 feet, performers. His resourcefulness and

in the Pinaleno Mountains), from a service always were in evidence—in Modern, New division of the Stake. St. Joseph as well as in meetroutine matters

Spencer Kimball was named its first ing emergencies.

Quarters president, with responsibility for Meanwhile, Brother Kimball had thirteen communities in eastern Aribeen going forward with business and zona, southern New Mexico, and civic activities, and with making a western Texas, and with more than home and rearing a family. Following

250 miles to travel from one end of his return from the Central States the stake to the other. This distance Mission, he attended the University of

didn't keep President Kimball from Arizona (financing himself with work

(tpJS3S>2vV>v>\Xi

ftotfrrom rear..

Richard L. Evans

There are many factors that go into the making of men

A and some, such as fear and love, are as different as light

LARGER... nearly two and and darkness. There is a question as to just how much fear

one half times more floor can do in the making of a man. The fear of want may make

space in which to more adehim work a little harder, or save a little more, but it is doubtquately serve our thousands ful that fear alone will ever make a man amount to very of customers. much. And it is doubtful if you can frighten a man into

willingly inwardly, more any good—good—basically,... being TELLERS WINDOWS NEW

is can legislate than you being good. law The a man into telFour waisthigh modern

lers windows are now proalways there. The actual or potential punishments and

vided to give fast, safe and penalties are always in evidence, but men still engage in efficient service. all manner of malpractice, despite the fear of penalties and

is of his punishments. afraid parents may put A child who

... SERVICE SAME FRIENDLY effort to please or placate forth some constructive but them,

servCourteous and friendly ice by our seasoned and exhe doesn't develop into the man he might be simply from perienced personnel makes being afraid. Fear may prevent some things—indeed many

Deseret Federal the Best Place things. And it may be the spur for some kinds of accomin Town to save money and plishment. But to be at his best, to do his best, to develop

obtain loans for buying, buildhis best, a man must be running after something rather than ing, remodeling, or refinancmerely running away from something. He must have the

ing your home. incentive to succeed—and not merely the fear of failure.

Thus the positive approach to teaching is the one most richly rewarding, with hope, encouragement, love, incentive and assurance. Life is an opportunity. It is limitless and everSAVINGS LOAN AND ASSOCIATION is object the of it, happiness here end and and lasting—and 2 OFFICES MODERN to a of eternal the assurance hold out hereafter. To man MAIN OFFICE OFFICE BRANCH

44 SOUTH MAIN 43 NO. UNIVERSITY life, of everlasting association with those he loves, of limitless

SALT CITY LAKE PROVO and everlasting progress and possibilities, combined with peace and a quiet conscience and an inner sense of approval in the present—all these offer so much more to work for

than simply the fear of falling short. And we should live

lives, will fear the good from not of what WE RENT will as joy the but for happen of what we happendo—becauseif we don't,keepCostumes For All ing the commandments God has given, gives peace, happiness,

Occasions goodof movingappetite,towardgood theconscience,great andandgooda wonderfulgoal that assurancea loving

We Also Sell Costume Fabrics Father has placed within the reach of us. We should be

and Trimmings what we should be and go where we should go and do what we should do, not from fear, but because that way leads to

Distributor of the American Flag happiness and peace and progress—this day and always.

Send for FREE Catalogue Jke Spoken lA/ord from temple square

PRESENTED OVER BROADCASTING THE COLUMBIA KSL AND CO. SALT LAKE COSTUME

15, 1954 SYSTEM, AUGUST Utah Salt Lake City, 248 So. Main Copyright, 1954

748 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA before and after hours)—and then,

after his marriage, entered employment as teller and bookkeeper in a branch bank, of which he became branch manager and assistant cashier.

After eight and onehalf years of banking, he purchased a half interest in an infant, struggling insurance and real estate business, which became a prosperous one of service, recognized throughout the state and which he left, with his new, comfortable Safford home and farm, when the call came to come to Salt Lake City.

In Rotary, having been honored by serving the Safford club as president,

Spencer was proposed by his club as a candidate for District Governor of an area comprising Arizona and part of California. That same year,

the Glendale, Arizona, club proposed its own pastpresident, Harold Smith, as a competing candidate. There fol- S\MCU/ft

lowed a vigorous campaign and contest, but as the annual district conference convened at Prescott, the president of the Glendale club died on the golf course, and in the nomiSUPER nating meeting that followed, after w1V*consultation with his sponsors, Spencer Kimball electrified the convention by being the first on his feet to nominate his opponent, Harold Smith.

Another supporter of a neighboring club seconded the nomination, and still another of Spencer's sponsors Gasolinemoved that Smith be elected by acclaPremiummation. Thus that year's election was New

respect assettled for the a mark of of president the Glendaledeceased Hits New High club. When the next year's election

was held, Spencer Kimball was unaniPowermously elected District Governor KnockFree inwithout opposition. In connection

with Rotary, Spencer and his wife traveled to Europe and visited most SEE YOUR of capitals theof the old world as SINCLAIR DEALER visiting as in the placeswell many

United States, Mexico, and Canada for International conventions and other Rotary activities. Come on and try

In the field of civic and profesalso service,sional Brother Kimball ihatood ofserved as a director the Arizona

Association of Insurance Agents, as a member of the Gila Junior Collegeboard of trustees, and as a member MORNING MILK of the Arizona Teachers'retirement latter (the being anboard appoint- -for richer the governor of Arizona) fromment servother importantand numerous ices; of the smoother and as VicePresident

Roosevelt Council board and memofber of the the cream saucesf Council Three G (Continued on following page) OCTOBER 1954 749 Spencer W. Kimball

Jhinkuuf. about a, nsuv tfiqmL.1

(Continued from preceding page) there is a model Boy Scouts of America; and chairman HAMMOND ORGAN of the U S O and of the United War

SUITABLE FOR THE NEEDS OF YOUR CHURCH Fund Campaign in Graham County during World War II.

Among the many ways in which The Church model shown Spencer has been most blessed is in herewith is an instrument the choice of his wife, Camilla Eyring, \—daughter of Edward Christian Eyring

of enormous power and and Caroline Romney Eyring and beauty providing a magone of a distinguished and able famnificent variety of true ily. She came out of Mexico in the

troubled days of the Mormon colonies church tones. The choice of in 1912, and later, in 1917, went to

many famous churches. Thatcher to teach school. Spencer

saw her—and was impressed with

what he saw—and proposed to her

CONSIDER THESE FACTS—another kind of career. Blessedly for

accepted. No Tuning Expense Simple To Play both of them—she

Low First Cost Small Upkeep Cost mother,As anas aintelligenthostess, as aandChurchdevotedand

Full Information On Request. civic servant, and as a woman of

good judgment and even temperament, and as a choice companion, GLEN BROS. MUSIC CO. Camilla Kimball complements Spen2546 Washington 74 South Main 57 North University cer in a remarkable manner. She has

OGDEN SALT LAKE CITY PROVO been a choice and wonderful mother and wife, and has met all the changes of fortune and all the shifting of scenes, and all the travel from place to place as one who knows that home is wherever her husband's career calls. Her home is always a place

of hospitality welcome. and sincere

also served Follow TED CANNON'S has Camilla and achieved in many ways in Church. and community activities—in the SCENE

stake presidency of the Primary, in the presidency of the M.I. A., as class TODAY

leader in Relief Society, as a Sunday

Every day SchoolSafford teacher,Women's asClub,presidentand as ofpresithe dent of the southern district of

Women's Clubs for Arizona.

Read about the interesting Brother and Sister Kimball are the little things that happen parents of four children: Spencer

LeVan, former missionary, officer in around the Mountain West the United States Navy, Rhodes as reported by this veteran scholar, and, until his recent resignanewsman. It's bright and it's tion, Dean of the School of Law, and

now professor of law at the Univerentertaining. You'll enjoy it sity of Utah; Olive Beth, a graduevery night in your Deseret ate of the University of Arizona,

Netus and Telegram. and now Mrs. Grant M. Mack; Andrew Eyring, former missionary, now

living with his young and growing family in Schenectady, New York, and employed by General Electric; and

Edward Lawrence, former missionary, recently married, and currently a law student at the University of

Utah. There are thirteen grandchildren.

750 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA lVFo one knows all that Spencer Kim- * ball does for people—not even Today 9s finest lubricating oil

his Camilla, even wife—not his cuts engine friction so much brethren. extent knows the No one

of the personal funds that he takes from his own pocket for the assistance of the needy, especially for his Labrethren. of manite knows No one IT CAN SAVE YOU UP TO all the of letters he writes, all the

meetings he holds, or of all the travel he does—driving, preaching,

encouraging, counseling—never sparing himself. 2 GALLONS OF GAS

People in trouble flock to him, both the young and the old, with personal problems. He is early and late at the

office. His home is a place where visitors from outside the city find IN A TANKFUL

hospitality and sustenance.

He loves people; he loves sociability; he loves to sing, to play the

piano; he loves the greatness of the

outof-doors, and the beautiful and finer things. He loves life—and lives

it purposefully.

He is a man of strength and dignity, of personableness and persuasion and of faith. He believes that the impossible is possible with the help of

God. He knows the profound imCuts oil consumption

portance of his calling, and devotes Prevents valvelifter himself to it with a kind of dedicarusting trouble tion that is rare among men.

And when Spencer Kimball has visReduces combustion ited a stake, those who are responsible chamber deposits for its activities know that they have been visited and instructed and inGreatly increases terviewed and taught with a thorengine power oughness that they don't soon forget.

And yet they also know that there has been in their presence a kindly and understanding man, a friend with a firm hand and a warm heart, with a lovable nature, an unaffected relieving a kindly andmanner, Jtbu expect morefrom{ UTOCO ) andget it/ that they he hashumor. know And

been there, not in the spirit of critiUTAH OIL REFINING COMPANY cism, but in earnest exhortation, be45th Year of Service cause of his love of God and his love of men.

Kimman—Spencer 11 rr

as as a child,ball—asThis is approachablea rarewise as a father, as loving as a gentle BURNED OUT

brother. And he has not shunned REALLY MEANS BURNED OUT TODAY

to live, fire may mean you a place A are out of father, a brother; friend, andof—asany obligation that he was aware tremendous expense added before you find citizen, aor as businessman, and with

another.civic servant—or as an Apostle of the

Lord Jesus Christ. Let us explain your need for ample insurance

May he have health, and long life, to cover today's higher values.

and every needed blessing, with his loved ones, this day—and always. UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City

Spencer (Note: W.ForKimball,furthersee biographicalThe Improvementdata onEra, ElderVol.

46: 1943, beginning W. Kimball, page 590—Spencer

the Apostle from Arizona, by Jesse A. Udall.)

OCTOBER 1954 751 authority by which Joseph Smith orThe Mekhizedek Priesthood ganized the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints; and it was

authorthe through same power and

It is the channel through which the AlMeaning of Priesthood ity that the was true Church mighty at revealing His glory commenced lished in any and all previous gospel First—Power of God: the beginning of the creation of this earth, estabthrough to and which has continued He in history dispensations. At no time Priesthood is power—the power of reveal to of the Himself children men of Christ the been to has true Church It is all God. the power by which the present time, through and which He unless earth the priesthood on the will of the His to purposes works the make known both in end God, heaven and

on earth, have been accomplished of time. (Joseph Fielding Smith, Teachings was there. The Lord revealed the

during the past, are being accomof the Prophet Joseph Smith, pp. 166167.) following pertinent doctrine to the

plished at the present time, and shall Prophet Joseph Smith:

of Those possessing a fulness the It is in be the future. accomplished this greater priesthood administereth And Melchizedek Priesthood are kings and the the divine which the power by gospel key of the the and holdeth

Creator organized the heavens and priests of the Most High God, holdmysteries of the kingdom, even the key of the earth. Since Elohim, the Eternal ing the keys of power and blessings. the knowledge of God.

thereof, the Therefore, in ordinances the In fact, is a perfect that priesthood Father, understands untold an numis of godliness manifest. of theocracy, law as and stands God power ber of eternal nature, laws of having thereof, the ordinances without and And

to give people, the laws to adminispriesthood, authority of the all the the power is able power, knowledge he and tering lives endless to is the sons of godliness the 'manifest in and not unto men to regulate those in laws use and accordance with his divine will and daughters of Adam. (Ibid., p. 322.) flesh. (Ibid., 84:1921.)

of God delegated Third—Power purposes. his omniThus, through Naming of the Priesthood man: intelligence, potent knowledge, and to

power, God created this world and The Prophet Joseph Smith defined "The Holy Priesthood after the numerous other worlds. Working priesthood as being the "Power of the Order of the Son of God":

with him in the organizing of this God delegated to man to act in his "The Holy Priesthood after the world were Jehovah and Michael, stead here on earth."President JosOrder of the Son of God"(Ibid.,

known in mortality as Jesus Christ eph Fielding Smith explains the 107:3) was the name by which the

and Father Adam respectively. The meaning of priesthood in the followLord's power and authority, or priestpower by which this world and other ing words: hood, was known in the beginning of

creations were organized and the man's sojourn on this earth. This

is [Priesthood] the authority of God bodies the heavenlypower by which to revealed name, Father was Adam, he is given by to man, which is priesthood. are controlled We to to be applied the priesthood which all to officiate in read delegatedpower of the ordinances

in The Pearl of Great Price: the gospel, speak in the name of the Lord, was bestowed upon him and by him

perform all duties pertaining to the building upon his righteous posterity. Thus,

Moses: unto the Lord And God said of the For up kingdom on earth, of God and it was the name given to the power these purpose havemine I made obtain own of revelation. knowledge (Joseph

things.... Fielding Smith, The Way to Perfection, and authority by which "Adam, the

And by the word of my power, have I p. 70.) first man"established the true

created them, which is mine Only Begotten Church of Jesus Christ on earth in the is full truth.Son, of grace and who

worlds without have I Fourth—Sealing power of all gosbeginning, holding the right to pernumber And

created; and I also created them for mine pel ordinances: form all the ordinances of the gosown purpose; and by the Son I created Priesthood itself is the power by pel requisite for the exaltation of men

them, which is mine Only Begotten. (Moses which all the gospel ordinances are and women in the celestial kingdom,

1:3133.) performed and are made valid and and by which the true Church was

perpetuated by the holy men of God Second—God's channel of revealbinding not only in this world but

ing knowledge: also in the world to come. Only in ancient times down to the days of

From age to age throughout the those contracts, ordinances, and blessAbraham.

various gospel dispensations, accordings which are sealed upon church Second-—The Melchizedek Priesting to the Prophet Joseph Smith, the members by the power of the Melhood:

Holy Melchizedek Priesthood is the chizedek Priesthood will be recogBack in the days of Father Abrachannel which God has used to renized throughout the eternities by ham the name was changed to "Melveal knowledge to the human family. the Eternal Father and his Only chizedek Priesthood."According to

Begotten Son. It is through their the word of the Lord, the reason for

[The Melchizedek Priesthood holds] the "power of godliness"and through the change in the name was as keys of the kingdom of God in all ages of the power of the priesthood that follows:

latest to posterity thethe world on the holy have been and men be may earth; is the channel through which and in There are, the church, priesthoods, two ".. to privileged. see of the face

salvadoctrine, theall knowledge, plan of the namely, Melchizedek inAaronic, and tion, and every important matter is revealed God, even the Father, and live."cluding the Levitical Priesthood.

from heaven.... (D. & C. 84:22.) Priesthood is the Why the first is called the Melchizedek

752 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Priesthood

Priesthood is because Melchizedek was such when God the Eternal Father was plan this world for those who were priest. great high a presenting his plans for this mortal to become his mortal posterity.

his Before day it was called the Holy

Priesthood, after the Order of the Son of earth to his spirit children, explainThen Adam was placed upon the

God. ing to them the conditions they earth; and under the direction of the

But out of respect or reverence to the would meet in mortality, he selected Father and the Son, he was appointed to of the avoid Supreme Being, name the Jesus Christ to be the Savior of the by the Savior to hold the keys of the of his repetition too frequent they, name, the church, in ancient days, called that world and foreordained him to that priesthood throughout all dispensapriesthood after Melchizedek, or the Melgreat calling. Jesus was to be the tions until the Son of Man should

chizedek Priesthood. Mediator between the Father and come to reign. Therefore, whenever

authorities offices All other or in the the. mortals; him all and through priesthood has been the withdrawn

this to church priesthood. are appendages to to be revealed gospel truths were apostasy and the earth through from (Ibid., 107:1-5.)

the earth throughout its telestial and later brought back to earth through a

In speaking of Melchizedek, the terrestrial mortal probations. Theredivine restoration, the priesthood and

great ancient high priest, the Prophet fore, in regards to its mortal operation the keys of the priesthood have been

Alma wrote: on this earth, the Eternal Father honbrought back from heaven by Adam's

ored the Savior by naming the gospel authority. According to the Prophet And it was this same Melchizedek to

whom Abraham paid tithes; yea, even after him, namely, the Gospel of Jesus Joseph Smith, when angels are sent

our father Abraham paid tithes of onetenth Christ. Elohim also bestowed upon as messengers to restore the ordiof all he possessed. his Only Begotten Son the keys of nances of the gospel and the priestthis king over Melchizedek was a Now authority to perform all the ordihood, "these angels also are sent

; of his the land Salem [Jerusalem] and

people had waxed strong in iniquity and nances of the gospel and to declare under the direction of Michael, or abomination; yea, they had all gone astray; all the divine truths which emanate Adam, who acts under the direction

they were full of all manner of wickedness; from the throne of the Most High. of the Lord."(Joseph Fielding Smith,

exercised Melchizedek having But mighty his Also, honored Only Begotten he Prophet Joseph Teachings of the faith, office received high the of the and priesthood the naming Son by is the "Christ Thus, "the Smith, p. 168.) the to of priesthood order according holy

God, did preach repentance unto his people. Holy Priesthood, after the Order of Great High Priest; Adam next:"and

And behold, they did repent; and Melchizethe Son of God,"as we have already the Prophet Joseph Smith also tells

establish did his dek in in the peace land out. through Thus, pointed "stands or Gabriel, that his dius Noah,

therefore of days; called the prince he was as Savior vine calling and Mediator in to the priesthood."next Adam for of peace, the king he was Salem; and

he did reign under his father. and as a result of his holy ordination, (Ibid., pp. 157158, 168169.)

Now, there were many before him, and Jesus Christ, under the immediate diThird—Other Great High Priests:

also there afterwards, were but none many Father, of became the Eternal rection also Smith Joseph The Prophet greater; therefore, were have of him they in relation great high priest the first prophet each great us that informed particularly 13: mention. more (Alma made

15, 1719.) to this earth. He was foreordained who held keys of the priesthood over

Third—The Aaronic Priesthood: toprinciplesminister andthe gospelto holdordinancesthe keysandof continuea dispensationafter whilehe leavesin mortalitythis worldwill

The priesthood is divided under the Holy Priesthood forever. Because to hold this same authority and

two "... grand heads—one is the of his divine appointment, the Son of blessing. For example, Joseph Smith

Priesthood, that Melchizedek declare to in position and the was othMan declares doctrine church our——

Priestor Levitical in er is the Aaronic unto is given "All power me of as retain his position will the head hood."(D. & C. 107:6.) heaven and in earth."(Matt. 28:18.) the "Dispensation of the Fulness of

latter is called the Aaronic The of the All other holders Times."the Second Great Second—Adam, it conferred Priesthood because was righteous lived priesthood have who Priest: It is High his posterity. Aaron and upon lives will rise with in the next world

called the Levitical Priesthood beAt the Grand Council in heaven, the same blessings, authority, or cause the male members of the tribe Adam was appointed to a position priesthood which they enjoyed at the of Levi, Aaron standing at the head, of power and leadership. He chamtime of leaving this life.

were selected by the Lord to hold pioned the cause of the messiahship this It priesthood. is also known Lucifer, leading as of Jesus against the Priesthood Eternal "..... be-. the lesser priesthood struggle spirits in that great righteous

it is to the greatcause an appendage in as heaven. the The war known that informs us Writ Holy The Priesthood, er, or the Melchizedek Eternal bestowed Father upon Adam or the Priesthood, the Melchizedek

outin administering has power and appointed authority and power and after Priesthood the Order Holy of (Ibid., ordinances."107:14.) ward of leadership to by a position him

is exeternal. the Son An of God,

Great High Priests selecting him to be the father of the planation of its eternal nature is human family. Since he was chosen made in Paul's letter to the Hebrews; First—Jesus Christ, the First Great to be "the first man"in mortality, however, as it appears today in the

High Priest: he was privileged to stand among King James Version of the Bible the

At the Grand Council in heaven the council of the Gods and help (Continued on page 766)

OCTOBER 1954 753 ThePresiding

Attention Bishops AARONIC PRIESTHOOD Senior Members

AWARD RECORDS Baptism Recommends to Be To Total Leadership Cooperation

September 1. for

Issued for Eight Year Olds 1954 1953 Emphasized 10 5 Stake Awards is of required in child a orderWhat 266 352 Awards is Ward to in the success key Cooperation that at of his he the request may,

Indivi 15,183.17,719 dual Awards for of senior the program membersparents, receive for a baprecommend

... 1,163 Seals 1,669 100% the Priesthood. Aaronic only should Nottism old? eight years when

The Lord placed the full responsibilward and stake committee members ity on the parent in the following Public Address As work,labor unselfishlybut also auxiliaryfor the andprogresspriesthoodof therevelation:

organizations and the ward membership as again, parents have inasmuch And Requirement Award feel generally should of the objectives in inchildren or of stakes Zion, her any the program unitedly and work together are organized, thatwhich teach them 6 for the Individual No. not Requirement to It reach them. takes more than anto of doctrine understand repentance, the Priesthood requires Aaronic Award enthusiastic group to adviser helpfaith men of Christ in living the the Son God, in or addresses public a more "One their overcome inhibitions gift of fears the of and the baptismand and and Holy

year. during the meeting"Church of the laying the by hands,Ghost active in on when become atthe Church. An

in addresses delivered be These mayeight years old, sin the the be heads upon of friendliness mosphere the of part on as regular such any meeting Churchof parents. the is just ward as members important.

School, meeting, sacrament this shall Sunday a For be unto inthe law It frequently happens that group advisers ofhabitants or of in Zion, stake stakes her stake conference, quarterly any MIA, these encourage to to men come Church, are organized.which or meetings. priesthood ward and fail they when they come find to their shall children for baptized be And addresses delivered Such in quorum the of friendship hand love and they sins of remission their eightthe years when class or are meetings, not "public adare entitled toold, are receive laying of and the given the a and on hands. cool

are dresses"acceptable not under and reception. 68:2527.) (D. C. &

this requirement.

Therefore, when a parent requests a There is no rule or recommendation The responsibility of all Latterday recommend for the baptism of a child to the effect that all of these "public Saints is to bear each other's burdens of eight, we think it is not wisdom addresses"must be delivered in sacraand give mutual support to each other.

that the request be refused. ment meeting or some other Church The mark of a true member of Christ's

If the request of the parent is remeeting. The requirement is satisfied kingdom is that he sincerely loves his

fused, who becomes responsible for the when a young man delivers a "public fellows.

fact that the child is not baptized acaddress"in a Church meeting. If ward and stake committees would

cording to the law of the Lord? seek and expect the conscious coopera-

While it is highly desirable that the RENO (NEVADA) STAKE PRESIDENCY tive effort of all ward members in attendchild meeting, sacrament Sunday BISHOPRICS AND FETE AARONIC helping to win the devotion of these

School, note PRIESTHOOD AARONIC Primary, and we fail to where the Lord or his authorized servIt was a wonderful day in every way. men and their families to the Church,

Priesthood Aaronic members, both under they receive of would it. Thousands a preattendanceants have such made

21, stake and over and their and ward inactive, soon be holdmen, now would to child'srequisite a the being given really leaders their social. enjoyed annual

recommend for baptism at the request It's good to get together—and often. ing leadership positions in the kingdom

of his parents. There is no substitute for priesthood fellowof the Lord.

ship.

754 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Prepared by Lee A. Palmer

Bishoprics Page

Perfect Attendance Records Are Real Accomplishment

Gerry Ashman Terry Ashman Garry Taylor Ver Don Durfee Martin J. Wistisen

Gerry and Terry Ashman, during the past five years, have attended every

Efficient Ushering Essential priesthood meeting, sacrament meeting, Sunday School, and YMMIA conducted in the Redmond Ward, North Sevier (Utah) Stake.

In Our Church Meetings Garry Taylor and Ver Don Durfee have maintained the same attendance record for four years as Aaronic Priesthood bearers in the Aurora Ward of the same stake.

For the most part, ushering is being Martin J. Wistisen, Bancroft Ward, Idaho Stake, comes into this distinguished

neglected in our ward meetings and group with a perfect attendance record for four years.

particularly in sacrament meeting.

is conThis a project which we have as to whether prefer and inquire sistently orthey suggested our be assigned his appreciate them Enthusiasm Running High showing they might teachers. dained

to seating accommodations in the area

Some have felt that our people do not they have indicated as their choice. For New Award Pin

sit. like to told like to be where They in Improvement page The of usher the function primary The

little, to a enter meeting, look a around anfor 1954, September On Erathis we is or one, two, more to where know for decide in themselves and which of the introduction the new nounced is the chapel available are when sit. seats part of to the prefer chapel they presented to Priesthood be pin as a Aaronic and, capacity to near crowded

Of course, it has never been intended matter of courtesy, escort persons to such each bearer of the Aaronic Priesthood that our people be "told"where to sit. seats. Even then, the usher should inwho earns four or more individual

In fact, as long as the chapel is not form the people where seats are availAaronic Priesthood awards.

crowded, the principal function of the able and let them indicate their choice Aaronic Priesthood leaders and memusher is to stand at the entrance to before proceeding to seat them. bers alike have registered unanimous

assist approval of this new often requested. Strangers and enthusiastic when

in our program. for attend time Ushering is never directing anyone; feature the first our meetings

and do not know that they may sit it is always a matter of assisting. People Those who, by December 31, 1954,

wherever they choose. If ushers are who attend our meetings should always will have earned four or more indistanding near, they will free to inquire be made comfortable and happy. The vidual Aaronic Priesthood awards, and

where they may sit. Then the usher usher plays a significant part in effectwho still bear the Aaronic Priesthood,

may inform them they may sit where ing a realization of these objectives. will be eligible to receive the pin.

GRIDLEY SECOND WARD

GRIDLEY (CALIFORNIA) STAKE WINS ATTENDANCE TROPHY Gridley Second Ward Aaronic Priesthood members, Gridley Stake, have won, for two quarters, the c o v e t e d trophy held by Bishop Howard Sanner.

The trophy is awarded each quarter to the ward scoring the highest number of points in a full cross section of Aaronic Priesthood activities by both the young men and their leaders.

OCTOBER 1954 IRIS PARKER Editorloda

You 11 Ftnd PERUVIAN INFLUENCE in Beth Mojjitfs Menus

by Iris Parker Elizabeth J. Moffitt

Ilthough Elizabeth J. (Beth) Mofdiscovery of America. It was taken 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce

t\ fitt, charming and invaluable staff to Spain from Peru in the early part 2 cups cooked creamy mashed potatoes, member of The Improvement of the sixteenth century, and later seasoned to taste leaves 2 bay Ireland. of theEra, S into The has never England and south been U catsup 1 tablespoon

it of is poquantities eat specialistborder, great a she Peruvians when dry teaspoon mustard l/2 too, Rice, to potatoes. to tatoes loves food. Peruvian sweetcomes She and (fine) bread crumbs cup y2

it it. diet. their in likescook item is a popular she to eat Beth and flour

became enamored of the food of The avocado, which is a luxury

Peru through her sister, Sara Harper, to manv Americans, is one of the Chop the onions fine. Add ground

who lived for many years in the cheapest foods in Peru and is called beef and seasonings; add crumbs and

Peruvian Andes. Beth didn't ever palta. The Indian, who is at the form into balls about the size of a large

get around to visiting South America, bottom of the social and economic walnut. Steam for 20 minutes. Cover

but she collected recipes and learned scale, waits until the palta is black each ball with a layer of mashed poto cook Peruvian dishes with the then peels it and eats it as we would tatoes. Then dip in flour; then in anof layer potatoes, and mashedhelp of her sister, and so has enjoyed cat an apple. other

until this the ball is about continue vicariously one of the important Native fruits are available all the the size of a baseball. Drop in deeppleasures of Peru—its delightful year around and they are very cheap. hot fat. They come out a golden

food. There are many varieties of bananas brown and are delicious. Serve with

In Peru there are many different that we never see here in the States baked squash and fresh peas.

races, several social classes, and varied brown, pink, and yellow ones, and Note: This recipe is especially good

economic levels; and the food is as there is a small pink one known as for using leftovers. Beef roast can be

diversified as the inhabitants. The "lady finger."They are tree ripened ground and used and leftover popoor Indian or peon might make out in Peru and richly flavored. Bananas tatoes can he reheated and whipped by

a meal on a dry piece of bread and may almost be considered a staple adding more milk.

a boiled potato, while a wealthy food. They are served in a variety Arroz con Pato o PolioPeruvian land owner would think of ways—fried, or accompanied with

himself illtreated without a luncheon a sauce or glace. (Rice with Duck or Chicken)

replete with imported delicacies. Another of their delicious fruits is 1 chili pepper

However, we might point out a few cheri moya, which looks like a root 1 clove garlic interesting features that Beth's famvegetable but tastes like strawberry 1 sweet onion ily noted: ice cream. Papayas are plentiful, as 3 peppercorns

Mutton seems to be the popular well as a type of pomegranate. 2 tablespoons fat

meat of the country. The inhabitants Following are some Peruvian reci- 1 duck or chicken, cut up

in all social and economic levels seem pes from Beth's collection: 2 cups rice, uncooked

to enjoy it. Fish and poultry are l/2 cup lemon juice

also available and eaten by those Papas Rellenos l/2 cup water who can afford it. 1 pound ground beef Crush together the chili pepper, garPeru is the original home of the l/2 teaspoon salt lic, onion, and peppercorns and brown

potato. Authorities say it was in Ys teaspoon pepper in fat. Add fowl and brown. Add

cultivation by the Incas before the 1 whole mediumsized onion {Continued on page 758)

756 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA '>.-..

v

wktn.oaMOLa, /pe*p&L>... f&tf &4'0&->-

the special $obness cfi -Pacisl quality -twinply

Chiffon TwinPly Tissues... multirinsed in

pure Cascade snow water for added softness...greater purity... extra absorbency...

especially made for particular people.

Ahe/ pare. TvJl N/- PP/ TvJlce, 4S K//C6 S& If Babi* &>f

Chiffon Crown Zellerbach Corporation 1954,,V,"-PS. Mum,facialr*q>a,,,!

Know Your IDS Cooks

(Continued from preceding page) water to cover. Simmer several hours

slowly. Pour off liquid. Pour back

four cups. Add rice and cook very

slowly until it is dry and fluffy.

At last minute add lemon juice and water. Fluff rice with fork. Serve

very hot.

Antecuchos Sauce

(Shrimp Sauce) 3 to 6 chili peppers (dried—remove

seeds) fiew 22nd 8ditto y2Y2 clovecup vinegargarlic

A Family Bible Library for every Home! 8 beau*!/4 cup olive oil

tiful volumes, over 950 illustrations, many in color plus useable, appealing and abundant Bible Crush pepper and garlic (or grind).

it helps. Captivates old because and makes young oil. vinegar Marinate and Add hot Opportunity Income Scripture reading enjoyable Bible knowledge and three in sauce hours then shrimps and a Representative of The As Presents matchless beloved a blessing. the King broil. toothpicks. Serve on LIFE you comOF BOOK of the Bible version Glossary complete with James

bine Christian service with explaining Obsolete Words and Phrases. One pasexcellent income opportutor writes, "I am always glad when I find THE La Frutera

full nity, time. or part of church."in one of the LIFE homes my OF

Preference those BOOK given festive having an especially If you are request Plus"Booklet Free sent Opportunity on educational with good class or for breakfast your MIA experiand background other group, here is a very novel idea with a or School ence in Sunday influence that should make Peruvian other religious work.

peothe big success. Please JOHN RUDIN & COMPANY INC. the meal a When write TODAY! lully. ACT

Also Publishers of Stories of Hymns We Love ple first arrive, show them to a table 1018 S. Wabash Avenue Dept. L42 Chicago 5, III. on which is a punch bowl of pure orange

juice decorated with colored ice cubes

MEW WAY TO CORRECT glassesand mintof orangeleaves. juiceServeand themwhile smallthey

sip it they can chat with their friends.

arguests the have all Then when into take another HEARNG LOSS rived, room them where the table has been set for a fruit no cord on the body havebuffet aor smallla frutera.woodenFor framea centerpiece,for an

no cord on the neck thearbor,sidesor leavingtake a shoefour boxlittle andlegscutandouta hearing, of kind remarkable new Maico's Enjoy of frosted be made top. grapes Clusters may

wearing. of possible kind hear sound by this new You leaves this, grape arranged and on

is from. coming where sound you know more naturally,

You enjoy a completely new clarity of sound. strewn along the table.

For la frutera, use fruits. in season.

further information for on Beth of hearing. Those completely Maico's new way otco Write Melon balls—cantaloupe,prefers are: honeydew,

Maico d ept. 56B, 21 North 3rd St., Minneapolis, Minnesota $ and watermelon—arranged in half a

watermelon which has been scooped out.

Name. I Add strawberries or raspberries for color.

Address.State. I Fresh pears cut in halves or quarters

and rolled in powdered sugar and finely ground nuts.

Meeapcn SEND PHDTD GREETING Fresh pineapple cut in slices %-inch

PIKES PEAK CARDS THIS CHRISTMAS wide and two inches long, served in a from Made shell; half of a fresh pineapple or cubes EACH your own 20 or more of pineapple served negative canned be on may FLOUR 5

really personal! of 7 designs. Choice toothpicks.

for description order today. blank and With FOUR They'reWrite in finger pieces cut Bananas and

Extra Baking sprinkled with chopped nuts.

Advantages PHDTD SPECIAL Papayas cut in strips (prepare a dish of for dipping, sugar powdered and 100 $2.25

SALT LAKE FLOUR quality FREE MILLS Highest RTPrin?rat a real bargain. slices to serve this). lemon with

request. mailers on 425 5th South West of fresh peaches. Half moons

Salt Lake City, Utah stuffed Dates with onehalf UNITED PHOTO walnut

BOX 351 rolled in confectioner's sugar. OGDEN, UTAH and

758 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Let the guests serve themselves to this fruit buffet. This could be a forerunner

to a breakfast of waffles served with bacon and a glass of milk or other beverage.

T ong before her sister brought back tales of the delicious foods to be en-V joyed in Peru, Beth was famous in her own family as a cook. Mention her pot

roast or applesauce cake and the family look nostalgic. We are happy to

include in this feature on Peruvian food a few of Beth's own recipes that 1. Clothes stay cleaner longer with hot 2. For a crisp, juststarched look, cold

she has collected through the years. starch, because it penetrates deeper... starch is perfect for collars and cuffs,

doesn't just coat the surface. This helps dickeys, lace edgings, ruffles, blouses, etc.

dirt out can wash, Rice with Bay Leaf keep finish. pliable minutes! You... cangivesmakea softer,perfectmorehot Andstarchit'sandso quickiron dryand easy—you... all in

1 quart chicken broth (rich) minute,starch withwithoutFaultlesscooking.Starch in barely a starch—instantly.Faultless Starch makes perfect cold

1 bay leaf Y2 teaspoon white pepper l/8 pound of butter Juice of whole large lemon Salt to taste Do you know these secrets

Heat the above ingredients to boiling.

Add 2 cups rice. Cook until the chickenbroth disappears and rice is done of successful starching?

(about 30 minutes).

Onion Relish

1 sweet Bermuda onion 1 tablespoon pickling spices Y2 cup lemon juice Cut onions in thin slices. Soak in

cold water until milky, then pour off.

Add pickling spice and lemon juice.

Let soak for several hours. Delicious

to serve with cold pork sandwiches.

Venison Steak with Mushrooms

2 pounds venison steak (or veal) 1 egg, slightly beaten 3. For inbetween washday starching, 4. Save time and work with the Fault-

2 tablespoons milk bottled starch is handy and convenient less StarchRinse. You starch and rinse

Season with salt, pepper, and onion but readymade liquid starch is expensive. at the same time, in your last tub of rinse

salt Withown BetterFaultlessBottledStarchStarchyou canfor lessmakethanyoura starchingwater. Givesthat resistseverythingdirt. Makesa veryironinglight

2 cups crushed cereal flakes penny a quart. Quick, easy directions are easy, too, because Faultless Starch con-

4 tablespoons fat on the Faultless Starch package. tains ironingaids.

1 small can mushrooms

Have venison steak cut oneinch thick.

Cut into pieces for serving. Dip into

mixture of egg and milk. Roll in finely

crushed cereal flakes. Brown in hot fat

and cover with mushrooms and mushroom liquid. Cover tightly and cook

very slowly until tender, about 45 minutes. Thicken liquid for gravy and

serve with steaks (If venison is strong with wild flavor, let meat stand in diluted vinegar or lemon juice for one hour. Dry off with cloth before browning.)

5. If you use a laundry service, you'll 6. Whether you prefer hot, cold or

Beth says her chief hobby is her famfindeasy thewayFaultlessto starch.StarchSprinkleYou starchis andthe betterbottled,waythereto starchis no thanquicker,with easier,Faultlessor

ily—composed of two daughters and sprinkle in one easy operation. No sepaStarch. Easy directions are on each packwill starching job! Clothes for crisp the be dampage. white Look box with thesix all of grandchildren, to her rate whom,

for ened evenly starched red big star the Housekeeping and Good ironing—andregret, state reside outside the of Utah at the time. same grocer's. Seal at. your

so her vacations are spent visiting her daughters. FREE BOOKLET to help you do perfect starching and easy ironing with less work is

(Concluded on following page) yours on request. Send your name and address to Faultless Starch Co., Kansas City 1, Mo.

OCTOBER 1954 759 KNOW YOUR LDS COOKS

(Concluded from preceding page) the endless details connected with

Running close competition for Beth's "making up"the magazine, she takes interests is her adopted "baby,"The care of many details that lighten the

Improvement Era. She has had longer work of every other staff member.

service than any other fulltime staff She has a long record of faithful member and knows the complete and service to the Church, having taught complicated "workings"perhaps better Sunday School for many years. And

than any other one person. Her duties the good will she has created for the

as production editor are varied and Church through her devoted service as hard to describe, but in addition to an Era staff member is incalculable.

HOW TO

MAKE CLABBER QUICKdescribesANDthis EASYquickGIRL'S mix Lazy Daisy

Cake. The technique

is simple; results are

sure and delightful, (texture is superb) which make it ideal for the busy homemaker who likes to hear compliments of family and friends on her homemade cakes. You'll find

your cake a cake to be proud of, pleasing to by Carol Hinckley Cannon as well as a the eye deOF THE Y W M I A GENERAL BOARD light to taste. the And,

when you make your will Daisy, Lazy you reason have always to Havetheyouskyeverat beennightoutandalonefeltunderthe thatmasterpiece,the personfashionedI see andis mybuilt ownacremember how good your baking can be. cool breezes brush across your cording to the plan and material of

face as you looked up at the myriad my own choosing.

LAZY DAISY CAKE Yield: x 8 x 2 inch stars above? Have you let your I'd try to see this person, my future Two—8

square layers thoughts turn loose in fancy as you self, as a happy, wellrounded, sucsifted cake 2M cups flour wondered at the marvel of it all? cessful individual, surrounded by salt 1 teaspoon

cups sugar in friends, XA to yoursilently talked loved important have ones and you 1 teaspoons Clabber And self in quesGirlXA \ yourself respected the the Church, asked the comBaking and Powder

H cup quickmix type tions—Who am I? Why am I here? munity, an individual of faith, humilshortening

milk % cup Where am I going? Perhaps you ity, and courage. And then I'd figure

vanilla 1 teaspoon extract \i teaspoon almond extract have repeated these words, spoken out the plan and procedure necessary 3 eggs by David of old: to make this vision a reality.

I of Since have no would waySift flour, together baking powder, sugar. and

is art that mindful thou man, What shortening, vanilla milk, cupAdd and almond lA salt, I given whether few of knowing will beextracts. at Beat in 2 minutes electric medium visitest that the thou and son him? of man,

mixer, strokes or hand. 300 by cup Add milk or masterto complete Mspeed many years my and him?eggs. at 2 minutes Beat speed or 300 strokes medium

into piece,by hand. resolve to greased Turn two floured and add some- I would 8x8x2 For little lower thou him a hast madeinch pans. square at 350F. Bake (moderate oven) strength to its thing offor beauty and in minutes. 30 to 35 angels, the Cool 10 before pans than crowned minutes him and hast

pan. Fillremoving from frost with and Seven Minwith glory and honour. (Psalms 8:4-5.) structure each day.ute Frosting flavored with vanilla 1 teaspoon extract

andtoasted% blanchedteaspoonalmondsalmond arrangedextract. asGarnishdaisy petals,with Yes, if I were in my teens, I would

with chocolate bits as center of each flower. And then somehow the breezes and dream. I would dream nobly and

NOTE... Don't lei yourself forget how good the stars and the voices of the night wisely and then I would plan and

your baking can with be CLABBER GIRL, the have seemed to fill your soul with work to make my dreams come true. baking with powder the Balanced double action!

the assurance that you are something I would counsel with the good and

God, endowed with gifts and powers cess in this business of building a CLABBER GIRL very special, created in the image of the wise, those who are achieving sucIS NOW EXCLUSIVELY KNOWN AS to accomplish great and marvelous life. Many things I would want to

THE BAKING POWDER WITH THE things; that you are here "for a wise find out for myself through expeBALANCED DOUBLE ACTION and glorious purpose."rience, but much I would accept on

HULMAN & COMPANY If I were in my teens I would the advice of others. I would keep

TERRE HAUTE take time out to dream under the stars my eyes open, observing those about and to meditate, to get a perspective me, selecting the good I see in others of life and its purpose. I would try to put into my own life. I would

to see myself in ten, twenty, fifty explore the great fields of opportunity years from now and then to realize for the proper vocation, for work 760 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA that would challenge my talents and my interests and provide comforts and opportunities for myselfand family. I would seek learning, When Winter

knowing that "the glory of God is intelligence"and that the competitive world in which I must live requiresa trained mind. I would study and Winds Blow

observe the laws of health, particularly those laws revealed to us in modern times, for a healthy body will be one of my greatest assets. I would plan

leisure time to enjoy nature and develop my skills, to read good books and listen to good music. I would

cultivate good friends by being a good friend. I would be virtuous,

honest, dependable, and trustworthy.

Permeating all of my dreams, working hand in hand with me, would be the companion of my choice.

Carefully and prayerfully I would want to choose this companion, this person who will have so much influence on the life I am building, who will walk beside me as we build a home and rear a family, the person who will, in the not too distant future, kneel with me at the altar, in When oldtimers squint at the sky, when cattle start milling the house of the Lord, there to be and bawling it means one thing... the first "norther"of the

eternity. to forsealed me

if I in Yes, were my teens I would year is blowin'in. It's the beginning of winter... a critical

look up at the stars in the heavens time for the brood cows. For they are building next spring's

for the answers to my questions: Who calf crop and maintaining their own bodies, too!

Where am am I here?am I? Why I When grass is brown or covered in snow, cows need help

asrejoice in thegoing? I would

surance which would come to me that to stay in shape and drop strong calves next spring. Purina

I am divine, eternal, a child of God. Range Checkers contain a variety of choice grain for needed

I would go forward unafraid, confiheat and energy; three sources of protein to furnish bodydent in the faith that he who is my building materials; vitamins and minerals for health, producEternal Father will hear my prayers tion and reproduction.

and be my guide in the great and wonderful challenge which is mine the building of a life, my masterpiece. FEED FAT CALF CHOW FOR FAST, CHEAP GAINS!

Purina Fat Calf Chow is new! It was developed to help you put beef

on your calves quick and thick... and in the right places. Fat Calf Chow

HANDY HINTS combines choice grains, a variety of protein, molasses, vitamins and trace minerals

If you write the address on a package inink and do not want it to be smeared by—plus extra amounts of Vitamin A. Ask

weather and handling, simply rub it with your Purina Dealer to tell you more about the end of a white candle, giving it a prothis new calf fattener next time you're in tective covering. Mrs. W. B., Marquette, town and get a copy of the informative

Michigan. Fat Calf Chow circular.

pleasant cleaning For effective and of RALSTON PURINA COMPANY faces travelchildren's hands while and ing, keep a jar of mild lotion and a box Denver Kansas City Omaha Pocatello of tissues in glove compartment. Apply

lotion generously and wipe off excess with the tissues, leaving face and hands clean and protected from weather. Mrs. G. A. B., See your Purina Dealer now about

Heyburn, Idaho. your winter needs for

thin, slice I could never even bacon in slices I tried until in PURINA RANGE CHECKERS slab the hardening the freezing compartment of the refrigerator.

Chilled thus, it is an easy matter to slice our homecured bacon. Mrs. R. E. L.,

]ane, Mo.

OCTOBER 1954 761 CHURCH CP JESUS CHRIST (B LATTERDAY SAINTS

HANDTOOLED EVERLASTING

BRONZE TABLETS FORous72 yearsname Newmanin bronze.has beenEnjoya famthe

benefit of our experience and facilities in designing memorial honor rolls, bas relief portrait plaques, nameplates, signs and individual letters... cast of either

bronze or aluminum... WITHOUT ANY

OBLIGATION ON YOUR PART.

Ask for yourPleaseneeds.write Weus aboutwill

estimates sendreturnfoldersmail. in color by

Since 1882 makers We are currently of custo m-built making the bronze doors, railings and work for the L.D.S.

complete installaTemple, Los Antions. geles.

NEWMAN BROTHERS INC.

680684 W. 4th St. Cincinnati 3, Ohio

Hew HighSpeed Juicer WHAT SHALL WE DO?

for Home Use by Iris Parker m It mountainsis the timeand oftheyearcanyonswhen havethe worthwhileCurrent events,topics science,of generalliterature,interest.

begun to lose their appeal and cultural arts, home improvement are

Hi we cheerfully congregate in our livall good selections in a mixed group.

ing rooms again. But what to do? Sports, hobbies, business are subjects

For the LDS hostess with imagination for a "bull"session, and women never and ingenuity, there is no limit to the seem to lack for conversation when talk activity can vital, they all worthwhile of wealth get together—theyWeight

clothes, recipes, the family forever direct her and about she can in which 19 lbs. | <*uantliuices <frmV m vetWesveg,, efficientandfm.Kmm|eco,

and guests. children. Avoid gossip, and the wise

is hostess respected the one who and are friends your next time The -"', this malicious aw* quashes immediately U.L. jiSOinU.S. at your for evening an scheduled Canoda in l "IjAode* $|75 of conversation. has type Someone

! individual and their DelWered consider house, VW religion politics are said that and careful interests. available: Alio collective BenWith

is this clear steer to subjects for nett Model "B"of—but at turn your can planning make you juice bars, fountains,

if disare true they necessarily not institutions. $97500 occasion a entertaining memorable

in a calm, openminded cussed manas a brilliant, reputation and gain a See Your Dealer or Write fe are ner. Particularly if the group

are a hostess. Following considerate

could members, nothing Church CO. THE BENNETT enall suggestions on home general few

disworth-while than the be more Dept. E, 9, California St., San Francisco 1028 Geary welcome tertaining, and we would

cussion of a gospel principle.

advice from our readers.

Creative Activities: If you have a

talent or gift, use your spare RAISE MONEY! Conversation. Nothing has been creative

Give A Shoiv found to take the place of good, oldtime in developing it. Join with your

AH types of acts imported or local fashioned conversation. It is stimufriends who have similar interests in

furnished on straight fee or perlating and satisfying as few other music, art, or painting, for example.

centage basis. forms of recreation can be. The host You can be of assistance to one anPHONE 220573 and hostess need more finesse and other by giving criticism and encouror write skill in making such an evening agement. There may be groups or

Ralph Cannon's satisfyingdo in winningto all atconcerneda game thanof bridge.they organizationstalents that willopenbe toofonemorewithinterestyour

If they are well acquainted with all and value to you than your afterTHE DANCE CENTER 348 East South Temple of their guests, it is usually easy to noon bridge club. Look into such a

SALT LAKE CITY 2, UTAH keep the conversation on various possibility.

762 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Sewing Evening: The next time you

-to buy yeast?are having the girls over, tell them A new way

to bring their sewing. If they are a

congenial group, they will welcome this the opportunity to do all talkyes/ifuee in a strip, are, whileing they wish. Chances

some game was in progress, the play- -handier and thriftier!

ing was forgotten many times while one of the guests told of a prank of her young son or the latest recipes were exchanged. Now while a new

dress is being basted together, while sox are being darned, hems adjusted, and long forgotten needlepoint is being resumed, everyone can catch up on the latest news. It's a lot of

fun and might turn into a regular thing in your circle.

Musical Evening: Among your

friends is there a special group of music lovers? If so, they'll be delighted to come to your home for an

evening of recorded music. Invite

some of them to bring along a favorite album, but remember—there can

be too much of a good thing. Have Flelschmann's Active Dry Yeastpity on the one or two spouses in the

as degroup might not be quite who in New "Thrifty Three's"in as to sitlighted the majority breathless silence listening to a Now—save money, get the yeast it's guaranteed fresher and faster

Brahms symphony. You won't want prize -winning cooks depend on! rising or double your money back.

more than an hour or so of this heavy Fleischmann's Active Dry Yeast When you bake at home, use music. keeps for months on your shelfFleischmann's Active Dry Yeast.

It's different with the youngsters who get together for a platter party.

There's no limit to how much they can enjoy of their popular music.

Encourage them to roll back the rugs and practise the latest dance steps.

They'll be dancing somewhere, and you'll have fewer gray hairs if they To create a worshipful, inspiring full do it often at home.

Home Movies, Slides: If you have organ ensemble electronically requires

interesting slides orsome movies from all of the following.. travels, or hesiyour vacation don't

tate to invite your close friends over GYROPHONIC PROJECTOR* to enjoy them with you. They might instead of ordinary loud speakers

also find some of your favorite shots HIGH FIDELITY AMPLIFICATION

CIRCUITS TECHNIQUESof the children amusing—only be PIPERESONATORORGAN TONEVOICING

careful not to bore them. Quit while

your guests are still asking for more // Ml

IS THEthen they'll be sure to accept an inTHE 'ALLEN"ONLY ELECTRONIC ORGANvitation to look at your pictures anOFFERING THESE FEATURES other time. For free information and literature write—*U.S. Patent 2,491,674 ApprovedChurch

Sing Session: It's a fact that most Price

SI 660 a carry theypeople, can whether up and

PROVO DUNKLEYSALT LAKE CITY MUSICLOGAN CO. like to OGDEN sing in a group.tune or not,

Phone 4-3444 Phone 5-9703 Phone 630 Phone 3757

So, next time the crowd is at your house, sit down at the piano and play a few bars of one of the old comFOR HEADQUARTERS L.D.S. f will 1 favorites.munitysing Someone IN LAS VEGAS, NEVADA A k POP SOME FOR HALLOWEEN chorustrill out on the and the next

minute the group will be around the YE KINGS REST MOTEL SURE POPPIN! TASTY!

piano trying to outdo one another. Dr.526 HaroldSOUTHB. 5THFoutz,STREETOwnerHave sheet music for some of the Edgar H. Foutz, Manager POP Beautyrest Mattresses Throughout TIME CORN (Continued on page 765)

OCTOBER 1954 763 the newest look in interiors is...

Real clay tile colors are the "newest look"... This distinctive fireplace design

featuring Pomona's new beveled pattern in mottled brown brings that most desirable harmonious feeling to your home... more exciting because

of its adaptability to any interior decor. For further information

about Pomona's new colors, shapes, and sizes see your nearest Pomona Tile contractor.

SEND FOR FREE BOOKLET!

POMONA TILE MANUFACTURING COMPANY 629 No. La Brea, Los Angeles 36, Calif.

Pomona's real clay tile colors never fade or become dull. I do want a truly lovely home. Please send me

your colorful new brochure entitled "Tile Trends"

NAMEADDRESS-

CITY- -STATEPOMONA TILE MANUFACTURING COMPANY

HOME OFFICES: 629 North La Brea Avenue Los Angeles, California

SEATTLE SAN FRANCISCO NORTH HOLLYWOOD SALT LAKE CITY PHOENIX ARKANSAS CITY, KAN.

KANSAS CITY, MO. LONG BEACH POMONA CHICAGO F. E. Blegert. Dist. for DENVER & DALLAS

764 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

What Shall We Do?

(Continued from page 763) Enjoy this different show songs and standard "pops"handy, and a few cowboy ballads.Chances are you'll get a request for DELICIOUS BREAD

a Church hymn, too. Before you

know it, it's time for the guests to Rich in milk go home and they will all truly have had a wonderful time. Maybe you Everybody knows that milk

don't own a piano. Then arrange beand bread are two of the

forehand for someone to bring his most nourishing foods.

guitar or accordion. Or you might In Table Queen Bread

turn on the record player and enyou get both—becausecourage your guests to harmonize

with the vocalist. This system is each pound contains

especially effective when singing the nonfat milk solids

Christmas carols. of 7 ounces of milk. Enriched

Play Reading: If your friends have It's your best food buy with vitamins

cultural leanings at all, why not... at your grocer's. and iron

introduce them to the pleasures of play reading. Don't you find that

a group of you are often discussing TABLE QUEEN BREAD one of the Broadway shows? Next Royal Baking Co. Salt Lake and Ogden

time you're entertaining tell them you're trying something different and bring out several copies of an intermotvvoeesting, entertaining play—nothing k FOLDINGtoo deep or involved. Have it previously cast in your mind, and now BANQUET

assign the parts. Before you know it, * TABLES

you're off on an evening of fun and entertainment for everyone. There'll Direct Prices

to Discountsbe lots of laughs real enand some

Schools, Churches,joyment. Remember, this though, all Institutions and

type of entertainment isn't for every group and the play must certainly be chosen with your guests'tastes limitationsand in TRUCKS mind. storingMONROE

Forthe Chairstruck wayTables If your really group "eats easy,either EachandConstrue modernFoldingtables handles up"chairs.permits of storaga No. TSCor Storage Transport Truckspace. tionin limitedsort of thing, encourage them to form Truck No. TS this "TAKI"

direct inquiries their to Units the maya dramatic club and once Department, 47 Purchasing East Church or twice the washroom test Church Salt South Temple, City 1, Utah. Lakea year, really put on a production.

Candy Pull: What about an oldRecently,company* amadelargea Philadelphiaoneweek, onefloorbaking 249CHURCHthe Wonooe.STREET, companyCOLFAX,

fashioned evening in the kitchen? test of Mosinee TurnTowls against

If you have a batch of fudge, divinity, two competing brands. Here are the

and taffy on the fire, and nuts to be results cracked and corn to be popped. Cost of Towel No. 1 $12.30

There'll be a busy and interesting Cost of Towel No. 2 $ 8.03

time in store for all. If you want Cost of TurnTowl $ 5.70

to send your guests, away feeling Insultstermswereof sobothconclusivecost and inquality,favor reof FREE FILMS really pleased about the whole thing, TurnTowls that this company installed 375 Titles to Choose From thewrap candy balls and popcorn them throughout the plant. Interest Also of Special *Name on request to takeup for them home, and rental at reasonable

serve the crowd something hearty and wholesome. Sandwiches, celery BAY 1124WESTWest MasonPAPERStreet CO. THE CHOICE LAND OLIVER COWDERYsticks, taste and milk will wonderful BAY, GREEN WISCONSIN

Subjects) (Book of Mormon after scrapings the from of Mosinee divinity A Division in Technicolor FILMS DISNEY'S Paper Mills Co. WALT

bowl and samplings of the fudge at 75 Titles dealingand with the the soft ball stage. OLD and NEW TESTAMENT of the BIBLE

Book Reviews: If your afternoon Send Your Friends For Information or Catalog

club hasn't been introduced to this THE Write, Wire or Call informativeworthwhile and type of IMPROVEMENT ERA entertainment, take it upon yourself 54 Post HILLAMSOffice Place, Salt Lake City, Utah $2.50 a year $3.00 foreign Phone 3-5417

(Concluded on following page) OCTOBER 1954 765 What Shall We Do?

(Concluded from preceding page) ATTENTION! CALIFORNIA MORMONS

Only one California home in 25 has acquired the historical work "A CENTURY to have one of the fine, current books

OF MORMON ACTIVITIES IN CALIFORNIA. The two volumes contain pictures reviewed before the group.

activities of 2,000 people than more than and and of more names 12,000. These Storytelling: Before the day of the illustrated. are richly volumes bound present handsomely a comprehensive and They

history of the Mormon people in California, 1846 to 1951. party, assign several of the group to

The remaining copies of the first edition are available at cost—$11.50 per set, bring their favorite stories on a spesales prepaid. postage tax and

Send the to order undersigned or—if undecided—write for a descriptive cific subject, such as the most embarbrochure, which will be sent promptly without cost. rassing experience, a pioneer incident, or a tall tale. This gets the

Lkoice fredentd lor the ykplstmaS Reason ball rolling and long before everyone has finished having his say, the FLASHES 5th The FROM THE ETERNAL SEMAPHORE.

is spent. popular book includes under work, same cover a companion THE editionUPWARDof this evening

Special price for the REACH. autumn and Christmas trade is $2.00, postage and Barbecues, Picnics: In the summer prepaid. tax will undersigned The fill orders promptly.

MUIR'S CARD LIBRARY OF CHOICE WRITINGS, Series One and Two time there should not be a problem embracing 200 inspirational writings of highest quality, printed on 4x6 inch cards at all finding a substitute for card inspiration of source illustration ready carefully for and the classplaying. indexed—a to stay would want Who

writer. teacher, or the the speaker room the indoors with delicious to foods list of mail request, complete the 200 writings your price we will with At

list. be cooked outdoors and our canyons

LEO J. MUIR toing explore.an outdoorAfterpicnic,cookingthe remainderand eat1814 England So. New

Los 6, CaliforniaSt. of the evening, if any, can be filled Angeles

with singing or storytelling.

Parlor Gaines: There are games

that will amuse almost any group the problem is to make proper selecOne pair of eyes tions. There are many books availsubject, able on the so consult your must last a not library. will find that You your

LIFETIME too MIAcrammedsportswithleadersuggestionshas a handbookthat will

refer to bulletins available at the early help you. You might wish also to

office of your Agricultural Extension

Better Light agent. Two good ones are:

Recreation Leaders'Handbook, ExMeans tension Bulletin No. 179, by Israel C.

Heaton, Utah State Agricultural ColBetter Sight lege Extension Service, Logan, Utah (price ten cents).

Fun at the Meeting Place, No. RSE105, by E. H. Regnier, University of

Illinois College of Agriculture ExtenMake your sion Service, Urbana, Illinois.

:>''reservations now Don't hesitate to create your own

European for 1 955 Tours. games. Obviously you aren't the first

Receive information, complete reservations, and travel arrangeone to display such ingenuity—somements at no additional cost. Write one had to think of the games in the

or call 5-6552 or 5-5924 now! first place. It will be a fascinating

pastime in itself, thinking up a new diversion for your family and friends.

Be Modern UNIVERSAL Live Electrically Jravel O*ervice UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. Melchizedek Priesthood

Square Hotel Temple - Salt Lake City (Continued from page 753) explanation is not exactly clear as

Unbreakable,.. moulded to whether the writer is referring to

like glass. Lightto look MESA TO COME SUNNY to or priesthood. the Melchizedek free. weight, noise EcoFor all Estate Information, Real Mesa height. Standard nomieal. Smith, however, Prophet Joseph The

...write dealer. your from Order of Bible, in the Version Inspired the SB 167 K OFFER SPECIAL R. Naylor Veldon Doz. $1-25 interpreclear beautiful gives a and lot trial SI. | 'Mail 00 for of Realty Naylor

postpaid. sent dozen tation of one Paul had what Apostle Mesa, Arizona—

. St., Boston 4-7383 Sudbury written. 14. Mass. originally BRASS GOODS'CO. 55 To quote: 165 E. MainWO

766 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA For this Melchisedek, king of Salem, priest of the most high God,...

... was ordained a priest after the order In your spare time, at LDS, you can learn

of the Son of God, which order was without father, without mother, without descent, having neither beginning of days, nor end of life. And all those who are ordained

unto this priesthood are made like untothe Son of God, abiding a priest continuTYPEWRITING ally. (Joseph Smith, Inspired Version-—

Hebrews 7:1, 3.) Beginning, intermediate and advanced typewriting

on standard and electric machines is taught day and

In one of his famous discourses, evening. Evening classes are scheduled Monday and

Alma, the great ancient American Thursday evenings from 6:00 p.m. to 9:30 p.m.

missionary and prophet, described Take advantage of the individual attention you get the importance of Melchizedek and at LDS, and the personal interest shown by the inexplained the order of priesthood structors... choose from the many other business

... business machines, shorthand, accountwhich he held. The following are classes

extracts from Alma's sermon: ing, secretarial and stenographic subjects, and many,

many others.

... and I would that ye should reYou're always cordially welcome at the friendly business college.

member that the Lord God ordained priests, after his holy order, which was after the order of his Son,...

This high priesthood after being the BUSINESS COLLEGE oforder his Son, order which the from was University Branch of Brigham Youngfoundation of the or in world; other words,

being without beginning of days or end 70 NORTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH of years, being prepared from eternity to all eternity, according to his foreknowledgeof all things hh were after ordained Now they this mancalled calling, with a holy and DIAGRAMS Why Share Your Spacener—being

ordained a with holy ordinance, taking and Saint with a Swinging Door? Illustrating Latter - dayupon the them high priesthood of the holy scripcomplete principles withorder, calling, which and. ordinance, and

high priesthood, is without beginning or tural references and condensed end summaries of Church doctrines.

Thus they became high priests forever, Extremely helpful for teachers, after the order of the Son, the Only Begotstudents, and all Church memten of the Father,... (Alma 13:1, 7-9.) bers.

Conclusions Author, A. P. Merrill

PRICE—$1.00 EACH This article has pointed out that

priesthood is power—the power of Available at

God—and the channel through which

all revelations from the Eternal FaDESERET BOOK COMPANY ther, through the Son, come to the 44 East South Temple holy prophets from age to age. It

has also been suggested that this Salt Lake City 10, Utah power is delegated to man and through this power all gospel ordi- a "MODERNFOLD"nances are sealed and thereby made door takes none binding and effective before the * MORE SPACE FOR LIVING * NEW COLORFUL CENTURY OFthrone of the Eternal Father and his c4 RIGID - STRENGTHBEAUTYOF STEEL *

Only Begotten Son. Such historical * MOVABLE WALLS

points as the names which have been foldion applied to this great power in variousdispensations, as well as the menAl tioning of those who stand at the Write for information head, holding the keys, have also on type of organ been suggested. All of these pertinent in which you

facts have been pointed out with the are interested. For demonstration write or phone

purpose in mind of stimulating holders of the Priesthood Melchizedek ALDER'S

Salt Lake City Main in positions of those leadership 1343 Southand

Phone 7-1531 to develop a deeper appreciation for your Please send me

1 free10. booklet entitled for Living"Spacethe priesthood and inculcate in their ORGANS j "More

desire tohearts serve a stronger God REED ORGANS j NAME

'Address atfaithfully all times and thereby

! Citymagnify their callings in the priestState

hood to the best of their abilities. ESTEY ORGAN CORP., BRATTLEBORO/VT.

OCTOBER 1954 767 Your Page

The Light Touch TWO OUTSTANDING YWMIA MEMBERS

Can't Be Helped "How did you come to join the Army?"

"Well, first of all, I wanted to fight; secondly, I thought it

would make me physically fit; and, last of all—they came and

got me."

Short Changed

Liza: Your ad says "Chilluns pictures $3.50 a dozen."

Photographer: That's right.

Liza: How much for takin leben, suh? Fse one short.

Joint Account

Woman to banker: "I'd like to open a joint account with

someone who has money."

Always A Way Evalyn Baker Dorothy Butler train nice old the kept asking lady a brakeman crowded on A (left) First of Rivergrove Baker Evalyn Ward, West tell to her brakereached Junction. they when Monmouth The

activiStake, in outstanding record has an Church Utah train the very already promised, busy, but he had and wasman ties. perfect three record year attendance a has She of pulled old out the he remembered Junction when Monmouth

at School, meeting, sacrament At Sunday and MIA. told lady. the the quickly signal conductor, yanked He who

is present she School organist the Junior and Sunday cord. station train engineer into the again. the backed The

is a Gleaner. a Junior She was Bee an Honor and lady's told old the luggage to grabbed brakeman her and The

Bell of Members Joy. Mia South Los Ward, Angeles this hurry up, Junction. was Monmouth (California) justly Stake, are their of proud Dorothy off getting said. here,"you, I'm not thank but "Oh, she "You (right) Butler four perfect year a has attendance who I see, that told have watch, daughter no and when we me my all at is record her meetings. a nice That of habit

it pills."reached to take Junction time be would Monmouth my long her. standing with perfect She a attendance had

Be Calm record for five years straight when she was attending

The teacher was taking her class on a nature hike. At one Primary.

legs, point Bill asked thirtytwo has you know what her, "Do A TRIO OF WINNERS quills porcupine, like a a tail at with the a hook four end of it, eyes, and bright yellow spots?"

"No, I don't,"the teacher answered.

"Well, there's one on your collar now."

REPORT FROM JAPANESE MISSION

bMMMSIfMlifiS

Elizabeth Spencer with her brothers (1. to r.)

Campbell and Lloyd.

Allrecordwho theyknow havethem established.are very proudElizabethof this Spencerfamily andhas theten

years without an absence from sacrament meeting, MIA, and

Sunday School (194454). She missed one Sunday in thirteen

years. She has never missed MIA since she started and is a Silver

Gleaner. She has been a class leader, organist, chorister, in the

auxiliary organizations of the Church, and as this was received in the Era offices, she was a chorister in Primary in the Edmonton (Alberta) Branch. The notation read that she would soon fill a

mission in Western Canada.

are brothers in following Spencer and Lloyd Campbell her priests'of his secretaryMIAJapaneseaward nightMissionheldhonoredrecentlythe inabovethe Shibatagroup. TheBranchcertificatesof the footsteps.Her Campbell, quorum, has a had

are given by the Japanese Mission in recognition of attendance perfect attendance since 1944, with the exception of one Sunday at meetings, payment of tithing, observance of the Word of when he had a broken arm. Lloyd has had a perfect attendance

Wisdom, reading the reading course book, and speaking in sacrasince 1944, and is now president of his teachers'quorum. Both

ment meeting. Four of the members in the picture are missionboys have missed MIA three times in the past year. They are

aries: Elders Robert D. Robertson and Harry B. Gambles and the children of Bishop and Mrs. Clyde C. Spencer of Magrath

Sisters Eleanor Ono and Akiko Miya. Second Ward, Taylor (Alberta) Stake.

768 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA /% * AT T1U i\ew IropArtieHow Can Double Engine Life

Some motor oils give good protection at low temperatures. Other oils are

effective at high temperatures. But

TropArtic AllWeather Oil gives protection at all temperatures from below zero to 180 degrees!

This explains why TropArtic is so much better than ordinary motor oils at preventing engine wear. 4. so

much better that it can even double engine life. TropArtic lets you start

easier... saves you gasoline... saves

15% to 45% on oil consumption...

because it resists becoming too thick or too thin.

Phillips 66 TropArtic is the first allweather oil which has proved it meets the highest standard ever established for automobile motor oils...

the Mil-0-2104 Supplement 1 test.

You can't buy better oil for your car!

Exclusive! PhilUps 6ffM&:7ue#

Phillips 66 FliteFuel is the new gasoline—the only gasoline to which is added the super aviation fuel component

Diisopropyl. <

FliteFuel gives you increased power, higher antiknock quality and greater fuel economy. You get all the special

benefits of famous controlled volatility plus the clean burning qualities resulting from the use of natural and aviation gasoline components.

FliteFuel and TropArtic are perfect companion products. They go together for better engine performance.

Phillips Petroleum Company SEE YOUR PHILLIPS 66 DEALER Summer fades fast in the high mountain valleys, time to meditate and to enjoy, and provided with and nature, in a wild burst of energy, seems deterreasonable assurance against financial worries, no one mined to display her most beautiful charms before need fear the advancing years, but rather, welcome winter's icy grip strips her foliage. The aspen leaves them.

reflect the sun like polished gold coins. The blazing Planned Beneficial Life programs have enabled

red maples, the bronze oak leaves, and the deepthousands to enjoy to their fullest these golden years green evergreens blend into color harmonies that... but you should start such a retirement program

defy the artist's brush. as early as possible. Ask your Beneficial Life insurThe autumn years in a man's life can also be the ance counselor about the many popular planned remost beautiful of all. With maturing ability to distirement plans. Call him now, while you have it fresh

tinguish ideas and things of real worth, with more in mind.

BENEFICIAL LIFE Insurance Company

David O. McKay, Pres. Salt Lake City - Utah