'".;, /. MM

: >v-ii>jAX 'iim>siiwmmmApwo.v!M;jA,.tw>ww.wataB<.a.HV

Complete Marriage

HON. B. H. ROBERTS

Theories of Men DR. JOHN A. WIDTSOE

Courtship VENICE FARNSWORTH ANDERSON On "Leviathan"claude c. cornwall

EarthRumbles FRANK BECKWITH Stories—When Tides Ebb—Destiny

CARTER E. GRANT, ELIZABETH CANNON PORTER

Development of Grazing DR. GEORGE STEWART

1 'I""—'"r--i\tii

VACATION TIME SPECIAL WINTER EXCURSION FARES

via Southern Pacific Lines TO LOS ANGELES AND RETURN BOTH WAYS VIA

SAN FRANCISCO $50.50

TO LOS ANGELES VIA SAN FRANCISCO RETURNING

DIRECT OR ROUTE REVERSED $58.00

Proportionately low fares from all other points in UTAH, IDAHO and MONTANA

STOPOVERS ALLOWED AT ALL POINTS

TICKETS ON SALE DAILY—FINAL RETURN LIMIT, EIGHT MONTHS

For further information CALL, WRITE or PHONE

PRESS BANCROFT, GENERAL AGENT 41 SO. MAIN ST. SALT LAKE CITY

PHONE WASATCH 3008—3078

L-DsSGam&ji

at prices direct from factory to you For Ladies By ordering garments direct, For Men you save No. agent's commission

and 81—Flat...*.95 thus Weave get better quality No. 92—Ribbed

for less $1.23 Light money. Wgt No. Order by 82—Ribbed number Lt. and send l.as Wgt measNo. 3—Ribbed ure, height and No. 83—Fine Fine.... 1.50 Extra fit.weight—webust guarantee the Quality CotNo. ton 925—Med. 1.59 Specify or style. OLD NEW 1.78 Light Wgt No. 862—Fine Light weights usually made Mercerized No. 97—Med. with short sleeves legs, and % Lisle 1.95 Silk Wgt. according to Temple pattern. No. 822—Silk Stripe 1.95 weights Heavy regularly made Med. with sleeves long and long No. 975—Med. i.60 Stripe,Wet

legs. Garments 16c marked, 1.75 Heavy No. Wgt. 821—Extra extra. pair a prepay Silk Fine We No. 9107—Wool 1.95 Stripe all S. to parts of postage U. and Cotton No. 826—Fine Mixture 4.00 Silk.... 2.95 Sample* on request Rayon

SALT LAKE KNITTING STORE 70 Main St., Salt Lake City

"Oldest Knitting Store In Utah"

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

No substitute for Life Insurance can be found until you find a Remedy for Death Our modern upto-date contracts afford complete protection.

Our insurance in force including the Double Indemnity feature has passed the $38,747,867 mark

Our Premiums and Interest Income now total between

SEVEN AND EIGHT HUNDRED THOUSAND DOLLARS

PER ANNUM InterMountain Life Insurance Company

J. O. CARTER, President

Home Office, Twelfth Floor Continental Bank Building Salt Lake City, Utah

A few intelligent men to enter the salesmanship field desired

Thorough instructions given

ce I Owe My Present Good Condition to Fleischmann's Yeast"

"About a year ago,"writes Rilda Bingham of Provo, Utah, "my face was covered with pimples and blotches for which I had tried numerous remedies.

"I was advised by several friends to try Fleischmann's Yeast and finally, as a last resort, I started taking three cakes daily, feeling that it could do no harm.

"After taking it for about two months I began to notice a decided improvement in my appearance as well as feeling so much better. Now my complexion is perfectly smooth and clear.

"I am glad to recommend the Yeast to any one troubled as I was, for I feel I owe my present good condition and appearance to Fleischmann's Yeast."

Fleischmann's Yeast is a simple, fresh food, that relieves constipation, aids skin tones clearsdigestion, the and whole health. up the you buoyant

a day, one before each meal.Eat three cakes system—givesit plain, nibble Eat in from the cake

small pieces; dissolved in water, cold or hot (not scalding) or any way you prefer.

FLEISCHMANN'S YEAST At All Grocers'

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

MISKIN SCRAPERS

EASY

TO FOR HANDLE HORSES EASY OR TO TRACTOR PULL

WEEDS GROW UP ALL AROUND ALL OTHER SCRAPERS WHERE

THE MISKIN IS KNOWN Level your farm now. NO BETTER INVESTMENT CAN POSSIBLY BE MADE

AT THIS TIME, as it is well known that a leveled farm is cheaper to operate, requires less water to irrigate and less labor and lime to produce an even distribution of crops and a much greater yield. The efficient and economical way to do this is

with a Miskin Scraper.

WRITE FOR CATALOG Manufactured only by MISKIN SCRAPER WORKS UCON, IDAHO

One Good Resolution for 1928 COOK ELECTRICALLY!

There is no better way to start the New Year than to bring into your home the modern method of eliminating kitchen drudgery by Electric Cooking.

Cleanest—Most Economical—Most Efficient

$5.00 DOWN Balance in small monthly payments will bring to you an Electric Range of highest quality.

Come in and look over our splendid stock of Electric Ranges.

You'll find one that will just suit you.

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO.

Efficient Public Service

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

EDITOR'S ANNOUNCEMENTS

The Light and the Sun is among the many number by Venice Farnsworth Anderson, is interesting articles that will appear in the Era worthy of careful perusal by young men and for February. It is written by Elder J. M women of marriageable age. Mrs. Anderson

Sjodahl. in answer to a question that has contributed several stories to the Era during

arisen among the students of one of the state the war, direct from the training fields in the colleges, embodying an ageold controversy United States. Her "The Business of Youth"

on the subject of the creation of light on the won first place in the Improvement Era prize first day. and the creation of the sun of jubilee essay contest in 19 25. She has had

our universe on the fourth day. considerable experience as a teacher in high

school and university.

The Language of Adam, an article showing the origin of oral and written language Perhaps some of our readers may be inclined from the standpoint of revelation, also some to question the advisability of treating the reference to the theories of men, will appear, development of grazing in the Improvement from the pen of Elder Joseph Fielding Smith Era. We think, however, that a great many

of the Council of the Twelve, in the February of our young men will be interested in Dr.

number of the Improvement Era. M Men George Stewart's article on that subject, as the

contemplating mission work and labors in study of agriculture is one of the most fascipriesthood activities will enjoy this article. nating studies that a young man can engage

in. There arc splendid opportunities in the

The prize in the Era oneact play conwestern country here for the development of test was awarded to Ira N. Hayward. Cedar this industry, and the prospects are good for

City, Utah. those who do it in a scientific way. Dr.

is the of Agricultural Stewart College Utah to his Widtsoe, on Elder way A. John

a leading authority and agronomy, on what

British to and over preside theEngland it says he be can since upon, depended based the in missions, enough long stoppedEuropean experience upon knowledge. and Men Mis at the to provideLibrary Washington young

this article a for vocation looking will find year, this are consideringmen "How who profitable very reading.

Science Contributes to Religion,"with a vital thought for their studies. The young men Alton C. Melville completed a course in law

of the Y. M. M. I. A. Senior class will find at the University of Utah last year, and has

his valued contribution. "Theories of Men."since read the Book of Mormon with special

a great and clarifying help. It may prevent interest along the line of the government of

them from wrecking many years of their youth the Nephites. The article, presented in this

in the attempt to reconcile religion and sciennumber. "The Reign of the Judges,"is a

tific theory. We commend the article to the result of his research along the line of law.

senior boys throughout the Church. It is Leading professors of political science have

written for the M Men by one who underdeclared: "No one can go far toward understands his subject, and he has no apologies standing human history and achievement withfor his standpoint. out taking account of political organization

and life."Mr. Melville thinks this is quite

hits strikes B. he Roberts with H, When applied to true when the of Book Mormon.

invinciblesledgehammer blows arguand article deals the with The Right of Appeal.

the Lately, in Salt Theatre,ments. Lake Capital Punishment, Martial Laiv, Remunerawriters leading in and a "Reformer,"by by tion, CrossExamination. Religious Freedom.

articles, the press. dailymagazine and "Cometc. is study His interesting. very

panionate"marriage has been discussed, sometimes with uncertain sound but often in a Charles F. Steele, superintendent of M. I.

favorable light. The Latterday Saint stand- A., connected with the Lethbridge Herald.

point, which is the law of God. is treated in Alberta. Canada, and a valued correspondent

this number of the Era with no uncertain of the Era, writes: "I must tell you how

ring. The youth of the Church are called to much I think of the Era in its new dress,

magnify their potential leadership, to stand which reached me some days ago. I am

with courage and strength for permanent martalking as a hardboiled newspaper worker riage, for family, and for home, thus carrying when I say that it has gone up a hundred out the edict of God: "Be fruitful, and per cent in style, makeup, readability and

multiply, and replenish the earth, and subdue reader interest. Your cover design is a strikit; and have dominion."Read Elder Roberts'ing picture of the M. I. A., and the rise of the

arguments, get from under the blows, and Church in the West. * * * The material, of

proclaim your cleanness, fitness and worthiness. course, is excellent. I think this remoulding

The subject of "Courtship,"treated in this of the Era marks the beginning of a new

EDITOR'S ANNOUNCEMENTS, CONTINUED era in its life. Congratulations. We're going Objections to Humorous Hints.—"We disto put our subscription drive over big in our tribute the Era among our friends."writes a

M. I A."mission president. "They find the material

exceptional, but criticise the jokes on the closMutual Echoes. Christmas Edition, pubing pages as being 'of the world worldly.'We

lished by the Y. M. M. I. A. and Y. L. M. were at a loss to explain their value in such

I. A. officers of the Twin Falls stake comes a worthy publication, and take this opporto hand in eight mimeograph pages full of tunity of writing you so you may see how

upto-date information relating to the organpeople not of our number interpret our desire izations of that stake. Much interest is to be lighthearted. There may be reasons

shown this year in class discussion on "Chamfor printing them which we do not know.

pions of Liberty."The customs and general This note is not written with a desire to take

summing up of marriage is studied by the joy out of living. Our message to the

the senior girls. The stake has chosen the world is so very important that it is made

following books for their reading course: with a desire to put it over that all may see

Book of Mormon. Saturday Night Thoughts, as we see and rejoice as we have been perCity of the Sacred Well, Exiles, and Trail of mitted to rejoice."What do you have to

the Sandhill Stag. say about it?

IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1928

HEBER J. GRANT \ gd; tors Melvin J. Ballard, Business Mgr.

EDWARD H. ANDERSON \ Moroni Snow. Assistant

President B. H. Roberts Frontispiece -------- - - - Iruin L. Wamock 179Artists All. A Poem -

Editor's Announcements Inside Cover 3Complete Marriage—Righteousness: Mutilated Marriage—Sin Elder B. H. Roberts 181

AWAKE. A POEM - - - - - - Theodore E. Curtis 192

Theories of Men. With Portrait of Author - Elder John A. Widtsoe 193

A SONG IN THE TWILIGHT. A POEM - - Joseph Longking Townsend 1 9 7

COURTSHIP Venice Farnsworth Anderson 198Essays: ------

Reverence E. W. Bosgieter 207

A Ranch Picture Ralph Ramsey 208 ------ Ira Davenport 209Married Life. A Poem ------ A Story - - Carter E. Grant 210When Flowing Tides Ebb.

JOY. A POEM Bertha A. Kleinman 221.......Millard County. Illustrated - Frank Beckwith 111EarthRumbles in

Voyaging on Leviathan. Illustrated - - Claude C. Cornwall 229

Sunny Jim Cave. Illustrated - Glen Perrins 235

THE ROAD TO DESTINY. A STORY - - Elizabeth Cannon Porter 13 7

The Reign of the Judges - Alton C. Melville 240

Try, See the Other Side. A Poem - R. C. Waring 241

Current Events - 242 Historic Ramah's Verdant Slope. A Poem - Theodore E. Curtis 245

Development of the Grazing Industry in Utah - Dr. George Stewart 246

Just a Missionary. A Poem - Weston N. Notdgren 249

Messages from the Missions. Illustrated 249Editor's Table—Courtship and Marriage 255 ----- 255 Marriage -

Authority as a Universal Principle - Elder Joseph Fielding Smith 256

Priesthood Quorums - 257 Mutual Work 260 ----------- 265Passing Events

Published monthly. Salt Lake City. Utah. $2 per annum. Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake

City, Utah, as second class matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in

section 1103. Act of October 3, 1917, authorized on July 2. 1918.

Improvement Era

Vol. XXXI JANUARY, 1928 No. 3

Complete Marriage—Righteousness

Mutilated Marriage—Sin

By Elder B. H. Roberts

Editors Improvement Era:

to your request to write you an article on MarRESPONDING riage, I have concluded to write under the above caption

Complete Marriage and Mutilated Marriage; the first righteousness, the second sin. It is chiefly with the second phase of the

dualtitled subject that I shall deal, because at the present there seems to be an organized effort against Complete Marriage to the enlargement and justification of sensual, sex indulgence, under a proposed pseuc/o-marriage system.

Two things enter into Complete Marriage: companionship and

of race; and these arise fromoffspring—perpetuation family—ofGod's law in the creation. After creation had proceeded up to the

point of bringing forth vegetable and animal life to its fulness, and every such thing had been created and was commanded to reproduce "after its kind,"then God said to those Intelligences associated with him in the creation: "Let us make man in our image, after our likeness,"that is to say, "after our kind;"and dominion was to be given

them over the rest of the creation. "So God created man in his own

image, in the image of God created he him; male and female created

he them. And God blessed them, and God said unto them, Be fruitevery living thing. * * * * And God saw everyful,dominion—overand multiply, and replenish the earth, and subdue it; and have

thing that he had made, and behold it was very good."(Gen. 1 )

In the second account of the creation, or in the carrying out of the plan in material form of what in the first account was the spiritual creation, the Lord God planted a garden eastward in Eden, and there he put the man whom he had formed, and gave him the law respecting the forbidden fruit. But the Lord God saw that it was

not good that man should be alone, and therefore he made an help 182 IMPROVEMENT ERA

meet for him; and so woman was created for Adam and brought to

him, and man gave to her royal welcome, saying: "This is bone of

my bone, and flesh of my flesh,"and Adam called her "Woman!"

And therefore was it written in the law of God; "A man shall leave

his father and his mother, and shall cleave unto his wife, and they shall be one flesh."(Gen. 2). Then came temptation, the socalled

fall, and its influx of earth life's experiences.

The things that we are now concerned to note, however, in all this are the two things involved in the relationship of man and woman: companionship designed in the union; and second the commandment given to them to be fruitful, to multiply, and replenish (refill)

the earth. These are the two things that enter into the marriage of man

and woman to make it complete and perfect—companionship and

two parts of the one law. This is the marriage inoffspring—the

stitution blessed of God, and well described by Jeremy Taylor, when he said:

"Marriage is the mother of the world and preserves kingdoms, and fills cities and churches, and heaven itself. Like the useful bee, it builds a house and gathers sweetness from every

(lower, and labors and unites into societies and republics, and sends out colonies, and feeds the world with delicacies, and obeys and keeps order, and exercises many virtues, and promotes the interest of mankind; and is that state of good to which God hath designed the present conall this, and more. It formsstitutionMarriage—completeof the world. marriage—is

the first groupunit of communities and of nations and of civilization itself; and all these are equally dependent upon it for their stability,

for their perpetuity. From the family comes the home; and it has

become something of an aphorism, with thoughtful statesmen and others who give serious attention to the welfare of society and of nations, that no state can rise higher than its homes, and no church can be more righteous or influential than the firesides from which its members come.

The marriage relation is associated with the tenderest sentiments, the strongest passions, the deepest interests of human life.

For it has to do with love, and sex, and perpetuation offspring—the

of life, the family, and the race. It is the chief corner stone in the

temple of human existence. It is impossible to exaggerate its importance.

In the scriptures marriage is said to be "honorable in all. and the

bed undefiled; but whoremongers and adulterers God will judge"

(Heb. 13:4). Children also are declared to be "an heritage from

the Lord, and the fruit of the womb is his reward. As arrows are

in the hand of a mighty man; so are children of the youth. Happy

is the man that hath his quiver full of them; they shall not be

ashamed, but they shall speak with the enemies in the gate"(Ps. 127).

COMPLETE MARRIAGE—RIGHTEOUSNESS 183

In every way the scriptures sustain the sanctity of the marriage state and the family; and every defilement of honorable wedlock or

the family is met with anathema and dire punishments, present and future. But not only in scripture is marriage and the sanctity of famthisily upheld, but by the experience of men and of nations—and

institution of marriage and the famquite apart from revelation—the

ily growing out of it, is held to be by human wisdom expressed in law, the best regulation that can be made for the association of the sexes, for their personal peace and happiness; the best arrangements

for the propagation of the race, for securing the welfare of children, and the permanency and peace and prosperity of the state.

In view of this we may say that the law of scripture, the word of God, is confirmed by the wisdom of our ancestors, arising out of the knowledge born of long experience.

I have said all this in order that I may with more force point out the dangers that threaten in the assaults that are now being made upon this major institution of human life.

In the first place the passion of love (I use "passion"in its best sense, i. e. its sentimental sense) is the incentive to mateseeking and

marriage (barring of course those occasional sordid motives where wealth or position or perhaps both become the objectives of marriage); and this, while essentially necessary, does nevertheless—so

easy is it for the best to be changed into the worst by perversion brings men and women to the danger zone of sex relations. In the

period of courtship, if too great familiarity in physical contact is indulged, it may lead to temptation, and temptation to sin—sin

against the obligation to maintain chastity, a sin that would turn love to lust and poison the life of both man and woman.

Such is human nature in relation to sex affinity, that inordinate desire may easily be awakened and lead to promiscuity, fornication, adulteries from all which ultimately comes settled, hateful prostitution with all its train of evils, the deadliest foe to marriage and the sanctity of family, leading to its disruption in the divorce courts.

Divorce, inexpensive and easily obtained, and for many causes, sometimes trivial, and often with children as the innocent, helpless victims of its chief woes, has long been recognized as a most dangerous menace to the family as an institution. In our modern day this

rapidly increasing evil has become a commonplace. The facility

with which divorce can be obtained, its frequence of recurrence, cheapens marriage and threatens the integrity of the whole social fabric.

Another evil portent to the marriage institution, including of course the family, is the refusal of an everincreasing number of young men to enter into the marriage relation. Recently it was

184 IMPROVEMENT ERA

stated in a public lecture delivered in the Salt Lake Theatre, by one who ought to know whereof he speaks, Judge Ben Lindsey, of Denver, Colorado, Judge of the Juvenile Court of that city for many years, that there were six million of the ten million young men in the United States between twentyone and thirty years of age, who avoided its responsibilities! As it would be unmarriage—rejected

reasonable to suppose that this large body of the youthful manhood of the country abstain from sexual pleasure, such a condition proves, even by itself, how widespread promiscuous and unlawful intercourse between the sexes must be, and what the extent of prostitution.

This, however, is but one phase of the social evil; there are

others, and these among those who have already entered into the marriage state, notably the increasing love of pleasure, by indulgence in the sensual delight of sex without incurring the risks, the pains and the responsibilities of parenthood. Or, if a concession must be made to

the convention of family under marriage, then offspring among such people, it is thought, must be limited to one or at most two children.

This among the wealthier and educated classes, where wealth creates opportunity for leisure and artificially stimulates desire for greater variety of entertainment with diminishing effort, and an increasing sense of luxury and freedom of responsibility. As large families

would be a hindrance to all this self indulgence, large families are cancelled out of the reckoning by that class of the population best qualified, in a material way, to meet the obligation of large families.

This practice of limiting families by socalled birthcontrol leads to many evils physical and moral and spiritual. It endangers and wrecks the health of women, since it involves them in

methods for prevention of conception, and foetus destruction, leading frequently to abortions and to is murder. Preinfanticide—which

vention, both by mechanical and chemical means endangers the health of women who indulge it, impairs vitality, shatters nervous energy and deteriorates the race. The moral effect of such methods

of living is nothing less than disastrous. It brutalizes and makes a

shame of sexual pleasure itself, and kills the sentiment of love which alone refines the act to endearment. It ministers to the gross desire

for sexual promiscuity; for with a felt security, through knowledge

of a preventative nature, from consequences that would expose infidelities to the marriage covenant, temptations to fornications and adulteries are greatly multiplied, and the moral tone of a community greatly lowered if not destroyed.

The baneful effects of all this frequently appears in the divorce courts. It is the divorce record of England (where divorce is growing tremendously since divorce procedure by recent laws has been

made practically secret) that in forty per cent of the divorce cases

COMPLETE MARRIAGE—RIGHTEOUSNESS 185

the couples seeking separation were childless, and in thirty per cent of the cases they had but one child! These facts tell their own story.

clares—"ChildrenA thoughtful writer,createcommentinga bond whichupon influencesthe above stateparentsof factsto thinkdemany times before they give way to divorce, and this may develop

the tolerance of each other's faults and characteristics without which no marriage can be happy. But the bond being absent there is no

incentive to overcome the obstacles to a satisfactory union of a man and a woman, and divorce results."("The Neiu Age,"December,

1927).

A recent summary of a report of the U. S. Government through

the Department of Commerce, states that, "Divorce is increasing faster than marriage in the United States."The report shows that

the increase in marriages amounted to 1.2 per cent during 1926,

as compared with 1925; while divorces increased 3.1 per cent in

the same period. In other words, the marriages performed in 1926

numbered 1,020.000, an increase of 13,745 over the number for

1925; and the divorces for 1926 numbered 180,868, an increase of

5,419, over the divorces for 1925.

It will be said perhaps that in all this there is nothing new; that

these several recognized evils constituting menaces to the marriage institution, to the family, to the integrity of community life, to national life, and to civilization itself, have of a long time now been trumpeted by prophets of evil, and yet the marriage institution persists, the family survives, children are regularly born in constantly increasing numbers in most nations; and while it is recognized that

many evils and dangers abound, they always have existed more or less, yet there seems to be no real cause of alarm, human nature is essentially sound, and it seems likely that our cherished institutions will somehow be preserved. A comforting line of comment, doubtless; but shallow and inadequate to the world's present needs, and

not at all reassuring in face of the conditions that now obtain and the changing mental attitude of the present generation toward the aforesaid cherished institutions. In that changed mental attitude lies the

immediate danger to marriage and all that it concerns.

This changed mental attitude is observed and affected first by the substitution of other and larger groups than the family, around which the interests of life now center. This is stated by Rev. Henry

H. Lewis, Rector of St. Andrew's Protestant Episcopal Church, Ann

Arbor, Michigan, in a paper read at the Episcopal Church Congress held at San Francisco last July; and which occasioned wide and sometimes bitter comment throughout the East:

"A generation ago. the home, the children, the cousins, the neighbors made the all important nucleus around which life was built and maintained. There was a sound honor, a simple

186 IMPROVEMENT ERA

goodness, a charm about it all. Today that scene is seldom repeated. The emphasis has shifted.

We have other groups which form the center around which life revolves: for older brother and

sister in colleges, the fraternity and sorority: for mother her reading or social clubs or health

culture group; for father, the Rotary or Kiwanis, or lodgedubs of all kinds—not to mention

hotels for men, and hotels for women. In any discussion of the present moral situation such

new groupings which often have usurped the central place of family life, should be recognized."

Today that picture of the family given above, as having about it a "sacred honor,""a simple goodness,""a then charm"—and

"today that scene is seldom repeated!"And that was only yesterday!

Now the picture is fading! The pity of it!

Second, the development of individualism, creating a sense of personal independence beyond anything known in the world's yesterdays, and this especially in the case of women. Entering the industrial field, as never before known, modern young womanhood

competes with men in many fields, with the result that she crowds men from many fields of employment, gets even better pay than many workmen, establishes a better standard of living than men following the ordinary industrial pursuits can offer them, which renders marriage less desirable and more remote, but creating an independence for women beyond all precedence and "unthought of in the past."

"In view of all this,"Rev. Lewis asks, "Is it any wonder that the

philosophy of many is to live for the moment and get the most out of life? Is it any wonder that we have a behavioristic psychology

which tells us that the main thing in life is to express ourselves, or get the greatest thrill we can?""All very well,"says Rev. Lewis,

commenting on this, "and yet with such a philosophy it is hard to find a definite purpose toward which one is going."True, it can

readily be seen that all sense of direction may be lost; but there can

scarcely be any doubt as to where it will end if unchecked.

Third. A new outlook upon life and the relation of the sexes

occasioned by science affording security from consequences of sexual relations, both within the marriage relations and outside of marriage. To quote Rev. Lewis's paper again:

"The introduction of science is the outstanding fact of our time, and in morals science has created an entirely new moral situation. For when you have introduced contraceptions you

have changed your moral situation. You have done away with that old but very effective

weapon which has deterred many a person from going beyond the accepted moral code the fear of consequences! That fear no longer rests in the breast of any scientifically educated man

or woman, and along with the passing of that fear is also going a vast amount of ignorance and misinformation upon the whole sexual relationship. The results are only partially manifest. To many young people what used to be considered lapses from the moral code are now

considered to be acts which are as natural as eating and drinking. * * * Youth often decides on

the basis of expediency or worthwhileness whether sexual intercourse should be indulged in. neverthinking of any after effects, because they believe there will be none. They see no harm in it—

science will protect them, and science usually does!"

"Even with those who do not go so far, the idea that many of us had, that such things as petting or over familiarity with the opposite sex. should be saved at least until the times of

engagement, if not until after marriage, on the basis that married life would be the sweeter if one did has disappeared! The youth of today we know are not appealed to by any such idea.

"Petting is."as they put it "all in the days work."Whatever we may think of such conduct,

the thing for us to notice is that it does exist; and that largely because of scientific knowledge

COMPLETE MARRIAGE—RIGHTEOUSNESS 187

many people arc finding reasonable justification [?] for doing things they never would have

thought of a generation ago."

Fourth; Lack of Leadership: Then comes to this Reverend gentleman the consciousness

of a lack of leadership for the people in the presence of the above set forth facts: "We notice,"he remarks, "a feeling that seems to accompany them (i. e., modern youth)—

the feeling of being leaderless, a questioning attitude which says. 'What's it all about?''What's

the use?''What's the good?'Our fathers were very sure of themselves. They were sure of

what was right and what was wrong. They had it all worked out into a system, and there was

a certain comfort in their assurance. The vast majority today, however, both young and old,

are drifting, seeking security (simply another word for the old fashioned one of salvation) and seeking in their deeper moments always wistfully, Quo vadis—whither bound?"In view of

that attitude and in the light of the existing moral facts as we have noted them, What should be the answer of the church?"

Let it be understood that the confession of "exisiting moral facts"above set forth, constituting, as they do, a confession of the breaking down of socalled Christianity and modern civilization in relation to marriage and the family, and constituting, as they do, a challenge to not the work of my hands; it is not both—is

my indictment of the Christian world. It is a confession coming

from within that Christian world, and the civilization supposed to the foregoing is the deplorable picture of it!"be built upon it—and

And what is the answer? "The Church"has not yet formulated her answer; meaning here by "The Church"an institution inclusive of all divisions and subdivisions of truly Christendom—a

catholic church, the church universal, and this for the very good reason that there is no such church. Hopelessly divided Christendom

can speak with no united, authoritative voice upon these questions;

and answering separately the result would only be confusion worse confounded. Because of no unity of view, there can be no concert

of action.

Meantime both within the churches and outside of them, comes a clamor for "reform,"not so much for the correction of these evils by reducing them to a minimum, at least, but by sanctifying what is recognized as evil, by legalizing it! Or, to deal more precisely perhaps with these wouldbe "reformers,"they decalre the sex'"freedom and irregularities pictured in the quoted paragraphs of the forethe alleged viewgoing pages, as representing no sin at all—accepting

therefore such relations from theof modern youth in that—and

viewpoint of the "reformers"may very properly be legalized.

Of course, if you grant their premises, there could be no subsequent falling out with their conclusions. But there's the rub!

Can sin by mere decree be sanctified? Can that which is unholy be purified by mere proclamation? And this is no begging of

the question when we assume the sinfulness of sex irregularities considered above to be sin. They are declared to be so, specifically,

and by the whole trend of Jewish and Christian revelation. Not

only so, but civil governments, at least among Christian nations, recognizing the moral value of those things which tend to personal 188 IMPROVEMENT ERA

restraints, and which make for the preservation of the marriage institution and the sanctity and perpetuity of the home, have enacted laws to safeguard those moral values. They have attempted

by such laws to act in harmony with what human experience decides to be in the best interests of society.

Sin is the transgression of law, and that the sex irregularities sought now to be sanctified by legalizing them are unlawful, both at the bar of the law of God and under the civil law, is witnessed by the very effort to legalize those relations. It is an effort to legalize them by making socalled "companionate marriages"lawful;

and to make companionate marriage possible and practical by using "scientific"means for the prevention of conception; by birthcon-

trol; and when the relationship formed by "companionate marriage"

becomes for any reason irksome or undesirable, terminate the relationship by easy, inexpensive (and sans reproach) divorce! It is

a close parallel to the notion that you can cure the spendthrift by supplying him plentifully with money; or reform the roue by supplying him with victims to his lust; or finding fraud and dishonesty

practiced in trade, commerce and industry, by the use of short measure in weights and lengths, propose to correct the evil of injusdemanding that thetice and violation of the rules of trade—not by

cheating practices shall be stopped, but by changing the standards of weights and measures to conform to the violations of the rules of trade!

What is there in this "companionate marriage"proposition but the yesterdaytalked-of "trial marriage system?"And what is

in either of them but legalized promiscuity? In other words "free

love?"When the marriage institution is mutilated by halfing it, taking the companionate feature of it, permitting sex association but eliminating offspring and family, there is destroyed the sanctifying element in marriage, the most important element, and to destroy that element that is sin. It is a violation not only of God's law, but

an act of treason against an institution resulting from God's law, and seriously affecting the welfare of mankind!

Again: when there is eliminated from sex association the consequences of offspring, with the duties and responsibilities of family

banished, then "marriage"becomes merely an institution under which companionship with sex sensual pleasures and liberties may be safely "respectability"assured! indulged—and

But suppose this softworded scheme of things be viewed in the light of its effects? You have first of all sexsensual pleasures

arranged for without responsibility attendent upon such relations, and not even the responsibility of keeping them somewhat perCOMPLETE MARRIAGE—RIGHTEOUSNESS 189

manent. Indeed from the commencement understanding is had that

the relationship may be terminated by the mutual agreement of the parties to the separation, and always the separation is to be easy and readily obtained, by inexpensive, and sans reproach, divorce. Under

these principles what is likely to be the course of things? Not difficult to forecast, one would think. When the state of marriage is

entered into as it is still usually entered contemplatinto—marriage

ing offspring and parties to the engagement give what family—the

is regarded as a moral pledge to society that the mating period with them is ended. Their family life has begun. Neither the man nor

the woman in such a marriage may seek or be sought for by others.

They are sacred to each other and should be to society. Their contract is permanent, usually, at least, until death shall part them.

All which makes for permanency; but with this marriage in lighter

"companionate stands it? Sex remood—this marriage"—how

lations provided without offspring, without nature's full realization of sexpurpose; like a battle with no antagonist; a race without

self -disobjective; and when selfcontrived and imposed—becomes

gusting and mutually deteriorating to the finer qualities of human nature and of life.

The contract of the "companionate marriage"held lightly from the first and easily dissolved, will stand little or no strain; will

leave the parties to it free to contemplate other possible associations, free to seek them, constituting matehunting a continuous performance, wrecking all continence, and inevitably resulting in the destruction of chastity both of mind and conduct; and instituting

practically a free love regime to the confusion of all family life, and the destruction of civilization.

Meantime, however, is nothing to be said of the real difficulties attendant upon the economic and industrial changes that have come over the world on recent years, making for many the ideal family mariage more difficult of realization? Nothing of the childless marriages, or the very, very limited offspring in the marriage life of the

highly educated and the wealthy classes on the one hand; and of the

over prolific poor and ignorant and even criminal classes on the other hand? Undoubtedly something needs to be said upon all these

problems; but surely nothing like what is being presented by these

ultra wouldbe "reformers"should be said. There scheme is no

panacea for these recognized ills of modern social life.

Briefly, for the really criminal classes, of both sexes, marriage and family should be prohibited, they should be barred the progagation of their kind!

What should be said to the highly educated and wealthy classes who are shirking their responsibilities, and duties to life and 190 IMPROVEMENT ERA

to society should be in the way of admonition to repentance; and to

acceptance of the law of God as the measure of their moral obligations in the married state, an appeal to sound reason and to conscience, that they become lovers of God and duty more than lovers of pleasure and of ease and of luxury. Would such an appeal only be met

with quiet smiles of contempt, or perhaps with shouts of derision homes; or by shoutsfrom their gilded, childless palaces—miscalled

of derision from their pillowed divans, or the banquetladen tables of their club houses? Then be it so. Nothing more may be done

than to make this appeal to plain duty. Let them perish with their

luxury and love of it, as they will so perish, if they repent not, unbut a wrack behind.loved, unhonored, and unsung—leaving naught

Of the overprolific poor and ignorant, multiplying beyond all reason of hope to provide for bare necessities, to say nothing of opportunities for good prospects in life, wholesome nourishment, dethese, enlightenment and pacent clothing and education—for

tient instruction, education; and such improvement in economic

policies as will lead to betterment of industrial conditions. Mere

generalities these, I know, but I may not go beyond generalities on this head in this writing. In the instruction to this class would fall

proper sex information, by competent and conscientious teachers;

not for the introduction of knowledge of mechanical and chemical means for prevention of conception, foetus destruction, or abortions, much less infanticide; but instructions in sexcleanliness and health;

in prudential selfrestraint, that shall not be Onanism either, but based upon such regard for the health of mothers and welfare of offspring that there shall be periods of continence selfimposed—out

of loving consideration for the wife and shall make mother—that

for respect of wifehood and motherhood, and keep the family within hailing distance of rugged well being. This too much to expect of

the classes to which such an appeal is to be made? Again be it so;

but this is the only appeal which in safety to the marriage institution may be made; adjustment by slow but persistent and patient

methods of instruction against merely brutal selfindulgence. What

is it Paul says of the mutual duties of man and wife in their intimate relations? "Defraud ye not one the other, except it be with consent for a time, that ye may give yourselves to fasting and prayer;

and come together again, that Satan tempt you not for your incontinency"(I Cor. 7:5). If such admonition can be given in the interests of religious observances, why not invoke it in the interests of

the wellbeing of wifehood and motherhood, and in the interests of the family and the home, and the church and the state? And why

notjiope for its achievement in the one case as in the other? In any

event the processes of permanent reform will necessarily be by the

COMPLETE MARRIAGE—RIGHTEOUSNESS 191

slow process of enlightenment and not by the racedestructive methods proposed by the ultra "reformers."Already it is deplored that the

highly educated and wealthy classes are so limiting their offspring that they are not perpetuating their class. What may be hoped for

from a method likely to result in producing the same status in what we consent to call for convenience the "lower classes,"which would also here include the great "middle rank and file of the class"—the

people?

Meantime, and fortunately, one may believe sufficiently in the soundness of human nature as to be confident that the program of the ultra "reformers"will not be projected into our modern life to any great extent; for humanity's sake let us hope not; out of respect

for the wisdom and the striving of our ancestors who sought for better things, and wrought into fabric of church and state better things theirthan these proposed by the ultra "reformers"of our times—for

sake, and their honor, let us hope the "reformers"will not get far with their program to legalize vice; and especially for the sake of

posterity let us hope not.

If one may hope for the failure of this evil program on the score of belief in the essential soundness of human nature generally,

I feel an increase of confidence in its failure when thinking of what influence the appeal will have upon the membership of the Church of the Latterday Saints. For while I know this Church membership are not immune from the invasion of this pestiferous program,

and there may be those among them who would give welcome to such cannonization of vice, yet that number can never be large nor influential. Members of the Church of the Latterday Saints have

been taught to accept their moral duties as rising from the Divine

Law through revelations from God; and so long as they adhere to

that principle and the application of it, they will never be inclined ethic it canto follow after the false leadership of the new ethic—if

be "companionate marriage,"with its attendant evil of called—of

mutilation of complete marriage by the prevention of offspring, birth control, (as advocated by the "reformers") easy divorce, without therefore frequent exchanges of partreproach—and

ners in the matrimonial dance, to the breaking down of the morale of society, and the destruction of all that is pure, highest and best in life. No, this will never be an attractive

marriage sytesm, or rather antimarriage system, among Latterday

Saints. As a Church they stand committed to quite an opposite program from this. Their religion and their Church stand for the

purity and the permanence of the home. For full and complete

marriage, celebrated in their temples, open to all the membership in good standing, celebrated by a covenant not only "until death doth 192 IMPROVEMENT ERA

them part,"but for time and all eternity, extending into and holding good in the immortal life brought to pass by the resurrection from the dead, of which the Christ was the first fruits.

Marriage to the Latterday Saints also means completed or per- "Multiplyfect marriage-—companionship and offspring—family.

and replenish the earth"is God's commandment to them; and this,

under the law of God, may only be legitimately carried out in wedlock. As for all the rest, their ideal is pure minds and clean lives, for

only such can "see,"that is, realize, God. "Blessed are the pure in

heart, for they shall see God."Lust of the eyes, and of the mind,

and of the heart, is forbidden by the law of God to them, either inside or outside of the marriage state. (Matt. 5:27, 28; D. and

C. 42:22, 23.)

Such in brief the marriage institution for members of the

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. Does it not, more

than any other conception of marriage among men, stand for the permanence of marriage, the family and the home? Does not one

thrill with pride of it as he contemplates it? Youth of Israel, priesthood of Almighty God! What a priceless heritage has been bequeathed to you, in this matchless marriage institution! What a

pride of place in world leadership is given you to champion the cause of Complete Marriage as against Mutilated Marriage, companionship and offspring; refined and endearing association, safeguarded by fidelity and integrity, culminating in family and in all

the inspiration, joy and glory that goes with the thought of eternal increase in pure and fond association. Will you, oh, youth of Israel,

priesthood of Almighty God, accept and magnify your potential leadership, or like weaklings and recreants to a responsibility, and cowards all, abandon such an opportunity of leadership and thus proclaim your own unfitness and unworthiness of it?

/ believe you will be guilty of no such craven conduct.

Awake Awake, O slumb'ring soul, awake! New heralds pierce the riven skies

Behold the promised dawn of light! As on the wings of morning sent,

The glories of the morning break Reveal the hidden prophecies,

Across the valleys of the night. Restore the ancient covenant.

The voice of God rings clear again Truth kindles like a rising sun;

Among the nations of the earth Its glory over Zion blooms,

Unfolding to the gaze of men And on the threshold of the dawn

A dispensation's royal birth. The kingdom of Jehovah looms.

Theodore E. Curtis.

Theories of Men The Difference Between a Fact and an Inference

By Elder John A. Widtsoe, of the Council of the Twelve

WAS in the Library of Congress. I had sought out the alcove

in which the Librarian places the best recent that books—thoseI contain the serious thought of the age. Looking down upon me

from the top shelf were selections from the writings of two of the most successful university presidents of America. Biography, criticism, philosophy, religion, art, science and travel crowded the shelves.

It was a place to meet the many minds of this day. And so, I proceeded to browse!

I, Times certainly have changed, said I, as I turned the pages of the books. A few hundred years ago, when science was in its

swaddling clothes, the opinions of men, unsupported by facts, but maintained by antiquity and authority, swayed the thoughts of manto build one's faithkind. Then it was possible to believe—and

mice were generated by musty linen, that the earthupon it—that

was flat and that hooknosed witches rode on broomsticks through the air to visit his satanic majesty. All that one needed was to set up

some imaginary system, such as that all things happen in sequence of sevens, and to reason upon it, and lo! he had conceived a philosophy, fit for public consumption. Theories of men held the

center of the stage, and, as a result, superstition and its concomitants, fear of spirit and blindness of intellect, covered the earth.

We speak of those days as the Dark Ages.

II.

Now the day glories in certain and verifiable knowledge, and as I looked them through, the books revealed on every page the basis of the change that has come over the thinking world. Superstition

has been largely banished. Men walk in the clear light of knowledge,

unafraid of darkness, for they know it is fleeting, and conscious of a dominating power over nature. Spontaneous generation, the flat

earth, and the witch, have all been relegated to an ignorant past. And

all greatest change in human thinking, and the most comthis—the

come because men have givenplete power over natural forces—has

facts precedence over inferences. Truth as it may be determined by

the senses of man has been given the right of way over "theories of men."Out of the change has come a new day, the greatest day!

John A. Widtsoe

President of the British and European missions, was born in Norway, January 31, 1872. He became a member of the Church April 3, 1884, ordained

to the office of Seventy, August 5, 1898, entered the university of

Gottingen, Germany, and graduated from that institution with the degree Ph. D., in

1899, was director of Utah Experiment Station from 1900 to 1905 and director of the department of Agriculture at the Brigham Young University at Provo,

THEORIES OF MEN 195

III.

As I turned the pages of the books, the meaning of a fact, a truth, was repeatedly set forth. "Truth,"said Joseph Smith, "is

knowledge of things as they are, and as they were, and as they are to come."And knowledge, truthful knowledge, can be obtained

only through the senses of man. That which we see or hear, smell

or taste or becomes the safe foundation of knowledge feel—that

and leads us to truth. A fact of experience becomes the unit of

knowledge. Truth is built of such units. And the books, I was

glad to note, made special and favorable mention of that sense of man, beyond the reach of eye or ear or nose or tongue, which brings us knowledge of the larger, unseen world. The eye, first used in the

building of our modern knowledge, has been given undue prominence. The subtler senses are now entering upon the task of gathering facts for human progress.

IV.

The books spoke sadly, but firmly, of the limitations of human senses. How poor is unaided vision or hearing! The stars were but

bright spots in the heavens until the telescope and the spectroscope came into use. Then the stars became suns in space of complex

composition and motion. And water was but water until the

microscope enabled the eye of man to see the world of minute living things. One of the books said, "Without instruments, man has only

a peephole view of the universe."In full accord with this principle,

Joseph Smith, the prophet, was provided with Urim and Thummim, holy instruments, aids to his human powers, by which he might be able to translate the engravings on the plates.

V.

With or without the use of instruments, the senses of man yield the facts of human experience, which alone can serve as the building blocks of all truthful knowledge. One fact, like the stone

in David's sling, has often overthrown a giant, manmade theory.

VI.

But, said the books, and indeed they now spoke well, that restless instrument, the human mind, takes the facts of experience,

makes inferences that are more or less completelystructures—andarranges them, classifies and reclassifies them, builds them into new

from 1905 to 1907, president of Utah Agricultural College from 1907 to 1916, and president of the University of Utah from 1916 to 1921. He was called to

the council of twelve. March 17, 1921. and sustained as a member of the quorum

by the general conference. April 6.1921. He is the author of many books, scientific and religious, and has written this year's study for the Senior class. Y. M. M.

I. A-, entitled How Science Contributes to Reliqion.

196 IMPROVEMENT ERA

supported by facts. Thus, the fact of the constancy of composition

of any chemical compound led to the inference known as the atomic theory; the fact that an apple falls to the ground, became converted

into the theory of gravitation, and the facts of the fossil's record in the rocks have become the theory of evolution. Such inferences from

facts are useful in the further building of science; they are often

glorious evidences of the power of the human mind; but they are

only inferences of varying degrees of probability of truth approaching only the validity of facts. They are modernized, and truly better,

"theories of men,"but not on a par with the facts of experience.

VII And now, as I read along, I discovered that many a writer of books in this enlightened day is a poor philosopher, who has not learned to distinguish between facts, the only reliable units of knowledge, and inferences, the guesses, more or less probable, as to the meaning of the facts. One writer builds a philosophy for universal acceptance upon the theory of the electron, another upon the theory of

gravitation, and a third upon the theory of evolution. If opposition is voiced, the proponents of the theories rise up in mighty wrath,

forgetting that they are but defending a human inference, not a fact of human observation. So, even in this enlightened age men have

not wholly freed themselves from the heavy yoke of "theories of men."VIII.

Here, perhaps, lies the chief danger besetting this otherwise clearthinking age. Men become enamored of their own creations,

their explanations of the universe. Much of the discord among men

may be traced directly to an unintelligent allegiance to inferences;

few men quarrel about facts. A truly enlightened person would

tolerantly consider all inferences from knowledge, recognizing them, at the best, to be helpful conjectures concerning the meaning of the universe, none wholly representing the truth. The concern of humanity must be to discover facts of unquestioned validity; that done,

useful inferences, or hypotheses, or theories, will come as need demands or desire dictates. We must not return to the day dominated

by "theories of men,"for they endanger freedom of thought and action. It was surprising how many of the recent books set out to

promulgate or defend inferences, or "theories of men."

IX.

I pondered, in the sheltered alcove of the Library, upon these matters. I thought of the youths and maidens, who, not understanding the difference between a fact and an inference, wreck years of their

THEORIES OF MEN 197 youth in the attempt to reconcile religion and scientific theory. A

religion founded in truth accepts all facts and rests itself upon established truth. A religion founded upon truth discriminates carefully between fact and inference. Theories of science can no more

overthrow the facts of religion than the facts of science. Inferences

are always subordinate to facts. For example, one cannot build a

faith upon the theory of evolution, for this theory is of no higher order than any other inference, and is therefore in a state of constant change. A fact remains unchanged throughout all time; an inference changes as facts accumulate. A straight stick in a pool appears

bent, an unchanging fact, all conditions remaining the same; the

theory of light explaining the "bent"stick has already been changed several times, and is subject to more change. No scientific theory of

consequence remains today as it was originally.

X.

One man built his house on sand, and under the storms of life his house was destroyed. So with the man who builds his life

philosophy upon the "theories of men."Another built his house

upon rock, and the house was unshaken by the storm. So with the

man who rests his life philosophy upon facts, in spiritual as in temporal matters. He shall prevail throughout all ages.

It was a pleasant hour that afternoon in the Congressional

Library. May we, who glory in truth and build upon it, never

confuse simple truth with the "theories of men."

Washington, D. C.

A Song in the Twilight Sing to me merrily, merrily, While the gloaming darkens at eve.

Mingle thy voice with the melody

Of the mandolin's pulsing weave;

So shall the lingering twilight

Bid me awhile to stay While to thy voice I listen After a perfect day!

Sing to me cheerily, cheerily,

While thine eyes glow with lovelight clear;

Mingle thy love with the melody

Ere the stars of evening appear;

Lingering ever with pleasure, Voiced with impassioned fire, Thy song renews the gift of love

Crowning my heart's desire!

Joseph Longking Townsend Courtship By Venice Farnsworth Anderson LATE years the press has been flooded with a great mass of material on the "Divorce Evil."It seems the concensusOF

of opinion is that something should be done to abolish the dreadful instability which exists and is constantly increasing in the

American home of today. Since, however, "an ounce of prevention

is worth a pound of cure,"the real achievement lies not so much in the abolition of divorce as in the insuring of successful marriages.

The reformer who speaks so strenuously against divorce and says nothing about preparation for marriage is similar to the mother who refuses to do anything for her child suffering from diphtheria until he is nearly dead and then sends frantically for the physician to administer the antitoxin. The time to care for the child is long before

the disease appears. The time to be concerned about divorce is before

the unsuccessful marriage has been consummated.

Various laws have been made in an attempt to control the difficulty, but with this problem, as with all problems, the real responsibility rests not upon laws, but upon the integrity of the people. It is a matter of education rather than of legislation. And

parents and educators have lagged lamentably in instructing young people in these most vital phases of life.

According to Havelock Ellis, the great biological sociologist, savage tribes make no such mistakes in the training of their youths.

Whole days are set aside at proper seasons of the year in which the young people are thoroughly instructed by the older members of the tribe in the joys and responsibilities of married life. Among

these primitive tribes marriage, as they understand it, is a successful institution. It is only among the socalled civilized races that we find

married life looked upon as a great lark which may be taken seriously or cast ruthlessly aside, by means of a divorce court, as suits best the whims of the carefree participants.

Divorce is at best a dreadful practice. Though there are cases

of such unfortunate marriages that divorce may be advisable, it is in every case an admission on the part of the participants that they have made a miserable failure in one of the greatest contracts of life.

In many cases there are more serious results, such as loss of faith in humanity; poor health contracted during married life; or dependent, innocent little children who will be handicapped all their

lives because of the mistakes made by their parents.

If the divorce courts are to be robbed of much of their prey,

COURTSHIP 199

chen, and marriage made a sacred, joyous institution, we must look to the period preceding marriage, to those months or years of courting time. Courtship is the process of choosing a mate. This process

may last for days, months, or years. It may begin in youth; it is

frequently found in old age. Certainly it should last long enough

for the interested persons to become thoroughly acquainted with each other's weaknesses as well as virtues.

Since so much depends upon the proper choice of a mate, young people should be well guided so that their selection may be based, not upon mere infatuation, which ceases usually as quickly as it begins, but upon good judgment. Certainly the head, well stocked

with sound ideals, should guide the heart in the allimportant choice of a husband or a wife.

An efficient courtship offers the best possible means of making such a selection; and yet, many persons marry without first having a

real courtship. Inexperienced young people often just "drift"into the

married state, guided by no criterion except what seems to be an irresistible "charm."This "charm"may be based upon a silvery

laugh, a lock of hair, or a dimple in a cheek. Not infrequently

a girl chooses a husband because he is such a "dashing,""masterful"fellow. Alas, a dimple often turns into a wrinkle, curly hair

may become straight, and a masterful sweetheart may make a selfish, domineering husband. Substantial qualities and traits of real merit

should be looked for. It is also well to remember that it is easier

to rub off, by means of friendly adjustment, irritating qualities before marriage than after the knot has been tied.

In helping to set the right kind of standards for young people to follow, no institution save the home is so influential as the church. Society, and youthful society especially of today, is attempting to throw the church overboard as unnecessary ballast. It

has been proved, however, throughout the ages that no family life which is not thoroughly grounded in religious principles can long exist. Without the elevating, spiritual and purposeful background

which religion offers, married life usually degenerates into a crude, irresponsible relationship. And whether funseeking, materialistic

society enjoys the situation or not, the incontestable fact remains that a high type of civilization has never been perpetuated unless built upon the foundation of a high type of family life.

The making of an efficient home is the most difficult, interesting and farreaching occupation in the world. It demands native

ability and special training of the highest type. During courtship

is the ideal time to make sure of this training. It is also the time to

adjust personalities. Many young couples have stormy courtships,

full of heated discussions and heartbreaking disputes. These very

200 IMPROVEMENT ERA

young people, however, if they can finally come to agree, will be likely to have little trouble in married life because they have adjusted themselves to each other and to life itself during courtship.

There are a great many other young couples who waste the valuable hours, when they should be becoming thoroughly acquainted with each other, in the frivolous pastime of "necking."The

word has evolved through the stages of "spooning"and "petting"to "necking,"but the process of "necking"seems to be very similar to "spooning"except that "necking"is usually done in an automobile while "spooning"was performed on the back seat of a buggy.

The process of "necking"may seem perfectly natural and harmless.

As a matter of fact, though it may be natural, it is certainly not harmless. It makes the worst possible basis for either courtship or

marriage, since it is a mere subterfuge. "Necking,"as ordinarily

engaged in, does not enhance a person's ability to make adjustments to another person or to life. Unfortunately, it usually has exactly

the opposite effect. Like any other bad habit, the practice of it

increases the desire for it, so that young people who start with a little "necking"may find shortly that they care to do nothing else when together. Thus worthwhile diversions are excluded. "Necking"is

engaged in as an end in itself. None of the fine mental qualities

which may exist in either or both persons is developed or discovered.

In the end, nothing has been accomplished except the ability to go through the physical formula of loving. Unless there are the sound

mental qualities back of this loving, the art has lost its human virtues and becomes a mere beastlike performance.

Many girls who in the beginning do not care for "necking"permit the practice on the fake assumption that it will make them more attractive and more popular with the boys. They are defeating

their own ends. In the first place, attentions gained in this way

are not worth having; in fact, they are often pernicious. They

indicate neither chivalry nor affection. School and college statistics

prove without question that the girls who receive the real courtesies and school honors are those girls who have respected their own personalities and kept themselves above being mere playthings. It

is human nature to tire of the best of toys. A boy who has done

a great deal of "necking"usually falls in love with and wishes to marry a girl whom he thinks has not indulged. He is likely to look

upon the girls with whom he has done the most "necking"as too cheap to marry. Girls, on the other hand, who demand untarnished

qualities in a husband will certainly refuse to fall in love with and marry a boy who has attempted to lavish his kisses and caresses on every girl he has met.

A girl who "necks"performs two evils. She not only lowers

COURTSHIP 201

her own standards but she permits the boy to lower his. For if

a boy really cares for a girl and she will not allow "necking,"he will not do it. If she is tactful she will supply other forms of

amusement and he, rather than offend her, will cooperate. For

this reason, the entire blame for bad conduct formerly rested upon the shoulders of the girl. Now the fashion, in public opinion, has

changed slightly. Just as it is beneath the dignity of a girl to

permit herself to be used as a passing plaything, so is it beneath the manhood of a boy to entice a girl into conduct which he should realize in the end will make him lose respect for her and esteem for himself.

Instead of enhancing popularity, "necking"frequently puts an end to one of the finest assets in the world, friendship. "A friend

is one who entertains for another such sentiments of esteem, respect and affection, that he seeks his society and welfare."(Webster's

Dictionary.) The more of such friends young people have, the

better opportunity they have of selecting the best companions for life. So long as friendship is kept upon the solid foundation of

respect and wellwishing, a large group of friends usually insures a great many wholesome festivities. It is rather difficult, however,

for a boy and a girl to slip back to the firm basis of being real pals when they have spent the previous evening attempting to be lovers.

The fact that a girl will let a boy kiss and caress her will not of itself make him fall in love with her. The playful conquest of a girl

is really half the fun to most boys, and unless she holds herself in reserve and makes him feel that she has something more to offer, he quickly becomes satiated with her company.

Besides the loss of friendship and true popularity which "necking"may cause, it has a deteriorating effect upon character. Young

people who engage in it to excess fail, as a rule, to develop their spiritual charms. It does not seem essential to a girl who boasts

of her art as a good kisser to be a clever conversationalist. And a

boy who wishes to be an expert at putting his arm around a girl is likely not to feel the urge of developing integrity, shrewdness, or a sense of social responsibility. Yet how true is the old saying, "We

cannot live on love and air."After marriage, kisses and embraces

may be repulsive if a girl cannot talk intelligently and a boy cannot earn the necessary bread and butter.

Then, too, a girl who engages continually in "necking"is likely not only to disregard mental development, but to rely more and more on the physical charms which will make her more attractive for the moment. In the process she keeps her mind always on

outward appearances and gradually loses those very charms of clever202 IMPROVEMENT ERA

ness, sincerity and sweetness which make her of real value to herself or to any boy. In relying on physical charms as her means of

attractiveness, she unconsciously, and that is where the danger lies, attempts to make all such charms conspicuous until she becomes ludicrous to those who watch her. If her legs are shapely, she wears

her hose thin and her skirts too short. As her popularity, which

stands upon so frail a basis, decreases, as it inevitably does, the paint on her cheeks and mouth increases until her skin loses its human aspect. Any girl who depends for her charm upon outward

appearances is in danger of becoming a walking display of "see how attractive I am,"and naturally ceases to be pleasing to any well balanced person.

The obsessing desire to be a modern Don Juan has an equally disastrous effect upon a boy. If he wishes to be an expert at "necking,"he must be a past master in the art of deception. If he is to

get the most from any particular girl, he must be able to make her believe that she is the most desirable girl he has ever met. The

more accomplished he becomes in his art, the more fickle and insincere becomes his personality. Since he wishes to be outwardly

pleasing to the fair sex, he pays great attention to unimportant details which have little bearing on real manhood. The color of his tie,

the manner of combing his hair, and of pressing his trousers, become matters of gigantic importance, much more important as a rule than the quality of his brain cells. The ability to say that he can make

any girl "neck"with him becomes an obsession. The more successful he is, the stronger assurance he has for society that he will

make an abominable husband, since he can in all probability never be loyal to any one woman. A little wife who was captivated by

'him because he knew just how to put his arm around her as a sweetheart may find that he is absurdly irritated if the baby cries at night, or the toast burns in the morning.

There are few attributes more desirable in life than a sound, happy attitude toward life and humanity. Anything which shakes

our love for and faith in our fellowmen is deplorable. "Necking"

has exactly this bad influence. Both persons engaged in "loving,"

unless moved by a sincere and intense impulse which does not exist when "necking"is indulged in as an end in itself, are playing an unsound game. Each is attempting to deceive the other into believing that either he or she is bestowing real affection outwardly expressed by the caresses. In the majority of cases, the affection

does not exist, young people may deceive even themselves into thinking that they are for each other, but a careful analysis of their feelings will usually indicate that they care for the "petting,"but do not really care for each other. It is the attitude of mind, not the

COURTSHIP 203

pressure of an arm, which makes human relationship worth while or valueless. The absence of real feeling is soon discovered. A

boy who has had a good deal of experience with girls who are willing to "neck"grows to believe that every girl is "an artless little flirt,"not worthy of being treated with respect. He goes on attempting to find out whether or not his opinion is true, regardless

of the fact that he is injuring himself by each experiment. For

"necking"with its subtle, bad influences may develop into a habit which is hard to break.

The girl who is an habitual "necker"comes to look upon every boy as a means of exploitation: just what can she get out of

him by letting him "pet"her.

Since she gives nothing of value to him, she receives nothing of value in return. In time she learns to interpret his flattery rightly

Naturally she losesand to take it for what it is worth—nothing.

faith in herself and in all boys and adopts the distressing philosophy that no man on earth is worth trusting.

There is another and more tangible danger in "necking."If

the hour is late, the auto comfortable, and the moon just right, loving which may start in the harmless holding of hands or a brief kiss, may suddenly mount into violent passion which neither person can control. When young people are fatigued, as they necessarily

are after a dance or late at night, then moral control is greatly lessened. It is so easy to slip from one indiscretion into another

until the last step has been reached almost unconsciously and lives permanently damaged. The only safe conduct for young people in

the early stages of courtship is to maintain a handsoff policy. Then

there is no danger of loss of respect.

The same peril of disgrace and sorrow following unwise conduct, exists in the case of an engaged couple. There is much to be

said against the violent expression of emotion even between a boy and girl who are engaged to marry. In the first place, the time could

be spent to much better advantage in getting acquainted with each other inwardly instead of by mere outward contact. The lasting

pleasures of reading, walking and dancing or of just talking clearly should be developed. Married life cannot exist on "love alone:"

engaged life should not be expected to. A long engagement offers

the best opportunity of making sure of each other's characteristics, and yet few long engagements end in marriage. Young people get

sick of each other before they have really started because they try to make joy rest on outward loving, which has never been the basis for any permanently happy marriage. Then, too, excessive emotional display saps energy and lessens physical and moral strength.

204 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Too many young people go to the altar physical wrecks because they have engaged in an enervating, passionate courtship.

The successful marriage rests upon so many elements of vital importance that there is no room during courtship for unnecessary or pernicious influences. Young people when considering possible

marriage mates should look for the best and most permanently admirable qualities. Canyon parties or hikes may offer splendid

opportunities for testing out latent traits of character. At such times

personalities are likely to be off guard and to show up as they really are instead of as they should like to appear.

Of great importance in a happy marriage is similarity of religion. Even in our brutally practical age, religion still holds a

powerful influence in the most hearttouching incidents of life.

Difference of opinion on religious matters is sure to cause friction just when harmony is most needed. At death beds, at marriage

altars, at baptismal fonts, fathers and mothers should stand united in their religious faith.

As a rule, too, the same religious training will produce the same moral standards, so that young people will have the same ideas as to what is right and just for both. After marriage, then, there will

arise no unexpected trouble about double standards and difference in ideals. Even the most careful courtship may fail to ferret out

some of these vital differences in opinion which are the result of a difference in home and religious training. As a rule, persons who

have grown up under the same standards of training will be happiest in their married life.

Another factor which is of so great moment that the state has made laws concerning it, is the mental and physical health of persons desiring to marry. Though there is still much about heredity

that is unknown, there are many principles that have been proved with scientific accuracy. No amount of splendid environment can

weed out tainted germ cells. We inherit our physical and mental

traits from our parents and an equal number from each parent. Accordingly, it is not sufficient for one parent to be strong if the other

is unsound for the child may inherit the weaknesses of either parent.

The famous investigations made by Mendel prove that there is no blending of traits. Thus the child of an unusually strong mother

and woefully weak father will not be a normal child, but may be either very strong or very weak according to the traits he happens to inherit. And although he may seem normally strong, he carries

within himself recessive weaknesses which may appear in his offspring.

It is high time, therefore, for young people to begin to study the known laws of heredity and to desire to marry only persons who

COURTSHIP 205

are mentally and physically sound. Poor health, especially if it is

the kind that can be transmitted to future generations, is a handicap which cannot be surmounted. Since heredity is a matter of "the

physical relations between generations,"it is not enough to consider only the individual. The family tree must be studied to determine

whether or not the stock is tainted. Young people, then, should

learn the basic laws of heredity, should study all available medical bulletins, should know as far as possible the family tree of those they wish to marry and should consummate marriage only with those physically and mentally fit. A little investigation beforehand

may save endless misery after marriage.

Another factor which is causing friction in married life and which might be settled to a great extent during courtship, is the economic problem. Many young people consider it beneath their

dignity to discuss money matters before marriage. These same

people, however, do not find it beneath their dignity to quarrel about money after marriage. As a matter of fact, since the material

well being of the home rests so largely upon the ability of the husband to be an efficient provider, and the wife to be an intelligent consumer, the financial basis of the future family should be thoroughly understood by both persons. Though money is by no

means a sound basis for happiness, a boy should realize that unless he can procure the necessities of life for a family, he has no right to assume the joy and responsibility of that family. And a girl, unless

she is both able and willing to add in some way to the family budget, should be content with what her husband can make. What are

luxuries to some girls, however, may be absolute necessities to other girls who have had a different kind of rearing. Some girls, on the

other hand, are able because of previous training to make a little money go much farther than other girls might who have not had such training. For this reason, as a rule, young people who have

been reared under the same economic standards are happiest in marriage. There are exceptions to this rule, of course, and a young

man's earning capacity should always be rated above the sum of money which he may have on hand. There is no question, however,

about the advisability of having money matters thoroughly discussed and agreeable adjustments made before marriage.

In no vocation in life is there the need of so great skill, training and native tact as in the maintaining of an ideal home. In this task,

good sense and adequate training are of far more importance than curly hair and red lips. For lips, no matter how red, cannot fill

the aching void in a man when he wants a well cooked dinner. The

boy choosing a wife should decide what factors will contribute most ro his future happiness. If he wishes to lead a butterfly life, h?

206 IMPROVEMENT ERA

should choose the butterfly type of girl. But if he wishes a substantial, well ordered home, he must select the girl who can produce

that kind of home.

As a rule, young people who come from the same social sphere find less cause for friction in their married life than persons reared under widely different conditions. An obstacle which can never be

overcome and which often leads to divorce, is a feeling of inferiority on the part of either husband or wife. An ignorant wife, unless she

is almost superhumanly tactful, irritates incessantly a highstrung, cultured man. And a crude man, who has failed to take advantage of

the finer spiritual resources of his time, is a source of slow torture to a truly refined wife. Similarity of training and experience, on

the other hand, produces similarity of tastes and ideals. Common

interests are one of the most substantial bonds between human beings.

Especially is this true in the case of recreation. Those who enjoy

the same forms of pleasure have a fortunate tie between each other.

If a husband is wrapped up in dancing and golf, however, and a wife finds pleasure only in reading and cards, they will find little enjoyment in each other's company during those allimportant, carefree hours.

Marriage is, in truth, a precarious undertaking. Many people

cannot get along ideally in it. Society certainly cannot get along well

without it, since it is the corner stone of civilization itself. As

long as human beings remain the result of an heterogeneous mass of heredity, environment, tradition and temperament, marriage will remain somewhat of an experiment.

So strong is the element of uncertainty in marriage that recently several eminent psychologists have been advocating "Trial Marriage"as a possible cure for the present instability in family life. To

any person imbued with the religious sense of marriage, and blessed with a deep selfrespect which holds personality, that superb combination of spirit and body, above degrading experimentation, trial marriage is utterly impossible. It is merely a means of legalizing

family instability, of licensing promiscuous human relations, now looked upon as prostitution and debauchery. Those who declare that

marriage is a failure will find difficulty in answering the irrefutable argument found in the countless numbers of happy homes which do exist.

If young people will learn to take courtship seriously and to make an honest endeavor during that time to discover the good qualities, but also to discover and correct the bad traits in their companions, before it is too late; if they will consent to open their

minds and to see conditions as they are instead of wilfully blinding themselves to circumstances which are sure to cause trouble later,

COURTSHIP 207

then courtship will take the place of trial marriage, the number of divorces will be minimized and marriage will come into its rightful heritage as the most natural, joyous and servicerendering institution of mankind.

Essays

Reverence By E. W. Bosgieter

Joseph Smith hearkened to the words of James, "IfWHENany of you lack wisdom, let him ask of he sought God—,"

the seclusion of a sheltered woodland grove and there in the calm and quiet drew near to God and heard and saw those things which have altered the course of our lives to such an extent that we are a people apart from all the world, while yet we dwell and work in it.

What would the result have been if Joseph Smith had been forced by circumstance to offer his humble prayer in the confusion of a disrespectful or thoughtless congregation? Could he have successfully communed with God amidst the babel of irrelevant, whispered conversations and muffled laughter?

Read the history of our prophets, ancient and modern, or the story of Christ in the Garden, and where you find them in communion with the Spirit of God, offering their devotion unto him, you find the incident marked with beauty of surroundings, with quiet, and with order.

The finer things of life, the things of beauty, culture and refinement, that build up the soul and spirit of man, each and all are marked with quiet, serenity and respect.

Visit the art gallery, and you find people walking quietly from exhibit to exhibit, concentrating on the beauty of color, of line, of concept, and where conversation is necessary it is done in a subdued voice so as not to disturb the concentration of other visitors at the shrine of art.

In our great public libraries, where the wisdom of philosophy, the eventful pages of history, the inspiration of classical fiction, are open to rich and poor alike who seek there for education and growth, quiet, order and dignity are expected and demanded of everyone.

Concentration is essential there, and unnecessary noise, of any kind, brings frowns of displeasure from the earnest seekers after knowledge who resent any intrusion into their concentration of mind.

Today, with the complexities of life, it is not possible—even

208 IMPROVEMENT ERA

if it were each of us to seek a mountain top for our desirable—for

worship. But it is possible for us to meet together, in the appointed

places, dedicated unto God for that purpose, and there mutually worship him and earnestly seek to know his way, singing together the songs of Zion, breathing deep the spirit of his love, that dwells in a house of order, bowing our heads in humble prayer and partaking in reverent silence his Holy Sacrament.

If I do not come to church to worship, what right have I then to enter his holy house and with boisterous talk and disrespectful inattention refuse admittance of his Spirit for others as well as myself? Better far that I come not at all, and bear the burden

of my shortcomings, than to double the offense by permitting my thoughtless lack of respect and courtesy to mar the beauty of another's devotion.

And so, with these facts firmly in mind, I can help to make my church a better place in which to worship by using it in a fitting manner helping to keep it clean, by taking advantage myself—by

of every opportunity to increase its beauty, by maintaining order through being orderly myself, by letting my light so shine that others seeing, might be encouraged to do likewise.

Los Angeles, Calif.

A Ranch Picture By Ralph Ramsey

Colony Bay, Montana, October 10, 1927 Dear present appearances, with good weather Mother—From

and no more snow storms for a while, I believe I can get home the last of this month or the forepart of November. Yesterday

a chinook blew from the southwest, raising clouds of dust, sky high, rolling weeds and thistles helterskelter, upturning racks, haystacks, and plastering everything movable against everything that was not. Today it switched to the northwest, turned bitter

cold, and drove intermittent squalls of rain and icy sleet sweeping over the prairies. In time of peace, prepare for war, especially in

Montana. The sun will shine warm and friendly, and in two hours

the country may be held in the grip of a blizzard.

The old man here is quite a character. A grizzly old fellow,

shaggily grey, bent and bowlegged, and thin as a to rail—nothing

him but his coveralls and mustache. An old time woodsman, he

has followed the frontier all his life-—homesteaded in Minnesota,

Michigan, and Canada, and shot deer, elk, moose, and caribou in the timbers and tundras of the North. He is full of stories—the

tall timbers, the great plains, huntir\gs, shootings, lumberjacking,

ESSAYS 209

and running logs on the river. Through most of his tales runs a

glint of humor that rivals Mark Twain, and in some, a suggestion of pitiful tragedy.

In the great Minnesota fire that swept that state some twenty odd years ago, burning every blade of grass for miles and miles and leaving hundreds homeless and hundreds dead, the old fellow his wife and threeyear-oldthen a young man bout thirty,—lost

daughter. He was away from the house when the great wall of

fire approached, and when he returned, they had fled. Whether

they were burned, he does not know, but he never heard of them again. Carrying the burden of that tragedy all the rest of his life,

is it a wonder that his back is stooped, and his hair is white as snow?

Around the ranch here, I fill the bill of Gus, the hired man.

After breakfast I carry hay and water for the calves, let the chickens, turkeys, and geese out of their coops, and scrape the kittens away from the barn door. All the animals are interesting to watch, but the

biggest kick on the place is the flock of geese. "Ali Baba and his Forty

Thieves,"is what the old man calls them. They are in every place

they ought not to be, and no place where they should. Among the

fowls, they are certainly cocks of the the old turkey walk—even

gobbler realizes his dignity is a mighty slippery thing to stand on when the squad of geese are near. Such haughtiness, such

arrogance, such domineering overbearance!

The first thing on the program, when they are let out of their coops, is to advance at double time, wings spread and all a-howling, them pellmell in allupon the chickens and turkeys—scattering

directions. Then the whole platoon troops over to have a swim,

and presently comes parading back, heads high and all a-stepping ho o o o nk! honk! honk! honk! They are now ready for the days

mischief and thievery. "I'm going to wring every blamed one of

your tormented heads off!"the old man will shout. Then he'll

look at them with a twinkle in his eye. "Still,"he'll add, "dad

blamed if I don't like to have ye around!"

Now I must get to bed.

Your son.

Ralph.

Married Life

The married life, the married life. The time of sorrow, the time of cares.

The time of toil, the time of strife. The time of songs, the time of prayers.

The time of joy. the time of pain, The time when worlds seem bursting wide

The time of loss, the time of gain. With flowers and suns on every side.

The time of bliss bevond compare, But best of all, the time when comes

The time of roses rich and rare. The little stranger to our homes:

Of Winter joys and Springtime flowers, The one so sweet, so pure, and mild.

And Summer, with its happy hours; God's greatest gift, "A Little Child."

St. Anthony, Route No. 3 IRA DAVENPORT

When Flowing Tides Ebb By Carter E. Grant, Jordan L. D. S. Seminary

H, my!"exclaimed eighteenyear-old Glen Hammond, a

broadshouldered, manly appearing young fellow, "hot, Oh, my!"And he straightened up at the end of the long potato

row, freely using his blue handkerchief on the rolling beads of sweat that streamed down his face and neck. "Contented! Great guns,

how can the folks expect me to be contented? They can't see my

point anyway. I'm tired of this mess. I can't say I ever did like

farming. Now I hate it! That's all there's to it. If I were just

isout on a big ranch, hay ranch, cattle ranch, sheep ranch—anything

preferable to this dull, monotonous, daily grind."

After a quickeyed survey of the several acres yet to do, the young fellow continued, "I certainly meant all I said to the folks last evening, but as usual they passed it as a huge joke. Even when

I declared I was going away somewhere to work, father never so much as looked up from behind his paper. I don't know just

where I'll land, but I'll land, and I shan't be hurrying back, either."

Glen looked at his watch, "2 o'clock, and four more hours to go. I wouldn't mind if I could be interested, but I can't! It's

just the same thing day after day, and then it begins all over. Pete

and Chick, when they got ready to go, they just up and left. They

said they were going and went. I make up my mind, but let the

folks change it. Why, I've never been out of the state! Father's

being bishop makes it so that I can't step in any direction. The

other fellows'll start to the University and won't have to ask their folks for a penny. That's the thing that's getting on my nerves

asking for every dollar, and then being checked up to see how it's been spent. But here I am, weeding, watering, cultivating, and then

for a change milking five cows every night and morning!"The

young fellow settled himself almost sullenly at the end of the row and began vexatiously jerking out the weeds on the next row asfar as he could reach, "I hate the whole blamed—

Glen!"came his mother's distant "O Glen! O—Glen—O

voice from the barn yard, a quarter of a mile away. As the young

man slowly arose to answer, he heard louder and longer than before, "O—Glen!"Placing both hands megaphone style, he shouted, "What do you want?"her up for me. Hurry, I'll be "Come, go catch Judy—hitch

late!"WHEN FLOWING TIDES EBB 211

"Relief Society again, great Scott! It seems to me it's here every

other day. Shakespeare didn't half express it when he exclaimed,

'My kingdom for a horse!'It should be, 'My kingdom for a car,

potato patch and all thrown in.'We're the only 'buggy'tribe in

this neck of the woods. Our horse was the only fourlegged cylinder at Church Sunday. Now, as for me, I don't drive it again.

I'll walk first!"Resolutely he struck his hoe with a smash into

the rich soil.

The mother, seeing no hurried movement toward the pasture, shouted, "Do hurry, Glen!"

The young man, misunderstood by his parents, made his way across the cleared portion of the large potato patch. "There's a

dandy crop here anyway!"he was forced to exclaim, as the thick

vines struck him half way to his knees. He was soon in the little

pasture and onto Judy's back galloping toward the large barnyard.

The outfit was quickly hitched and ready. As the mother drove

hurriedly away, she called, "You know, Glenny, how anxious your father is about those potatoes, do keep at them. I couldn't see you

any place when I first called!"

What a tide now fought for mastery in young Hammond's soul! The surging, impulsive urge within "swelled like the Solway,"but failed to ebb like its tide. "I'll surely go now! I'll go!

even mother thinks I'm sloughing."

Slowly but firmly he stepped back into the shade of the buggy shed. After a few moments deep thought, he settled himself on

a box and began turning things over and over half tumultuously in his troubled, worried brain. "Once on a Northern ranch, the

rest will be easy,"he reasoned. "When father really sees I'm determined, he'll let me have the money; at least he will lend it, and I

can pay it back."

Again he sat in silence, for there was someone else who lived a few miles distant to whom he must talk. "Well,"he finally exclaimed, a bit more contentedly as he reached down his saddle and

bridle, "it won't hurt to ride over. Blamed if she doesn't understand me better than anyone."

A half hour later, galloping at a reckless swing, he neared Edna

Roe's home. Just what word he expected from this young woman

was not clear in his mind. He wasn't hunting sympathy; no, not

that, for that wasn't the word expressing the feeling he got when he told her his troubles. Then, too, he had been thoroughly introduced to the girl's high standard of things during their high

school life together; and that she could help him now, he felt certain.

"Luck's coming my way,"he exclaimed, "there's Edna now, hanging out the clothes, at the upper end of the lot."Right through

212 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the back gate he galloped, curbing his steed to a prancing, jumping halt at the very side of the surprised and halffrightened young woman. "Glen Hammond!"the girl screamed as she snatched the basket

of fine washed linen that was dangerously near the excited horse's feet. "Why don't you run right over me, clothesbasket and all!

I believe you'd like too!"And then as she looked up, Glen, as

usual, caught those big, expressive, dark eyes full in his. That

alone was worth the threemile ride.

"Why, I didn't see you!"he laughed as he swung himself

down all athome-like beside thetrembling girl, "besides Cody wouldn't step in that basket of clothes if you wanted him to."

"I wouldn't trust him, or you either,"and then they both laughed. "Say, Edna, your face is needing no rouge today, is it?"

"Now, Glen, don't be too smart, for mine's surely no worse than yours; it would be impossible."

And following another little merry laugh, they stood looking inquiringly at each other. Finally, Glen broke the spell by rather

abruptly exclaiming, "Well, Miss, I'm quitting the farm. Going

off to work! I may be gone until Christmas."

Rather stunned by such a sudden turn of affairs, the young woman stood half statuelike as she felt her heart pounding in almost irritating thuds; then her eyes met Glen's again and for a

few moments, clothesbasket, line, trees, horse, and everything vanished as the two expressed themselves without words.

"You surely aren't on your way now, I hope,"she finally exclaimed, eyeing his sweating steed. "Going at the rate you flew

in here, you'd certainly get there in a hurry!"and then almost in spite

of herself she laughed a bit at her own wit showing at so grave a moment. Then, as she looked again at Glen and his horse, a school

poem flashed into her mind. "Say,"she exclaimed with a tinge

of mischievousness in her voice, "really, I believe you'd make an excellent young Lochinvar. You remember Lady Heron's song in

Scott's "Marmion?"And then, half forgetting the full meaning

of her little sportiveness, she began almost vivaciously, "'Oh, young Lochinvar is come out of the west,

Through all the wide border his steed was the best.'"

Here she paused as if to stop.

"Go ahead!"he half demanded, laughing at the color that was

again coming to her cheeks. Not to be outdone she continued,

"'And save his good broadsword, he weapons had none,

He rode all unarmed and he rode all alone.'

WHEN FLOWING TIDES EBB 213

"Oh, I can't repeat the next line! Let's quit, shall we?"

"Quit, I should say not!"and the boy laughed teasingly. "I

knew you'd started something you couldn't finish. Go on, go on.

I'm just getting interested. You're just like all girls,"and he

laughed merrily.

"I'll show you 'So faithful in love and so dauntless in war.

There ne'er was a knight like young Lochinvar, He stayed not for brake, he stopped not for stone—

"Really, Glen, I can't remember what comes next."

"We'll run down to where he invited her out, you know, 'One touch to her hand "Oh, yes, 'One touch to her hand and one word to her ear,

When they reached the hall door the charger stood near.

So light to the croup the fair lady he swung,

So light to the saddle before her he sprung!

She is won! We are gone, over bank, bush, and scaur,

They'll have fleet steeds that follow, quoth young Lochinvar.

"'There was racing and chasing on Netherby Lee

But the lost bride of Netherby ne'er did they see;

So daring in love and so dauntless in war,

Have ye e'er heard of gallant like young Lochinvar?'"

Now it was the girl's turn to laugh, for Glen's face carried the crimson. Back of that color were thoughts he dare not put into

words; and, for the moment, he wondered how it would seem to

have this beautiful creature for all his own; and carry her off to a

ranch in another state.

"For goodness sakes, Glen, stop looking at me so, and say something. Don't think I'm going to let you swing me on that

horse and dash away, as much as I know you'd like to!"And

again she laughed tantalizingly, at least it seemed to Glen that she was unduly tormenting him, fairly rubbing it in.

"Great Scott, Edna,"he finally found himself saying, "when you're bantering a fellow to try it, and still he knows it can't be done honorably, what can a man do but just stand mocked at the predicament, forgetting why he came and everything else. But I'm

in for trying almost anything today! And if you'll consent to a

long run, there's no animal about here that can take us in, go as they may!"

"O Glen, come, let's forget Lochinvar. Really, what did you

come for? Actually I'm still trembling from the fright you gave

me, see,"and she placed her shaking hand on the young man's broad shoulder. A remarkably satisfying thrill touched her young woman214 IMPROVEMENT ERA

ly soul as she felt the strengthening manhood of the one that stood so near her.

"Edna! O, Edna!"came the older sister's voice through the

trees in the direction of the back porch. "The telephone wants you.

Oh, is that you, Glen? No wonder Edna hasn't returned for more

clothes. Won't you come down to the house!"

"No thank you, Nell! I must be going now in a minute. I'll

wait here."

As Glen stroked his steed's sweaty neck, and intwined his fingers half nervously in the animals wellkept mane, he exclaimed, over and over to himself his feelings of love and deep respect for

he murmured, and then he turned his eyesday,—somethis girl who day—"seemed to mean more than all the world to him, "Some

toward the distant mountains and gazed far off in silence.

All through high school these young people had been friends together, but the last year "Glen and Edna"became proverbial.

"Edna Roe"was found on more than one page in most of young

Hammond's school books. "Edna Roe"was lettered on the top

board of the pasture gate. "Edna Roe"was regularly in the young

man's thoughts, and sometimes, remembered in his prayers. Even

Glen's parents knew that when their son was out with this particular young lady, that the gang element and their indulgences, had no appeal for their boy.

There seemed to be no particular reason why they shouldn't love each other. Both seemed exceptionally gifted with worthy

physical qualities, while deep in each countenance could be read the reward of a carefully ordered life. As the cherishing of honor

always leaves its reward, it had not failed here. And as the great

Master put it, "Men cannot hide their light under a bushel."

At the last ward party, Uncle Joe, had exclaimed to his wife, "I'll swear, if it ain't a joy to see those two youngsters together!"

"You're right,"added Aunt Jane, "I've been watching 'em all the evening, but then, you know, they're just children yet."

"I don't don't know about that, Mother! They know—I

don't act very childish to me!"And Uncle Joe set his mouth and

squinted his eyes a bit, feeling that he had really said something.

"Well,"began Edna on her return, "we're going to give a big

M. I. A. party two weeks from Friday night. The president of the

young ladies was just calling asking that all the officers meet with the young men officers this Friday night. Do you think you'll "

be back for the 'Big Do?'

at "Now, Miss, none of your jokes! When I go, I stay—stay

least, as I said, until Christmas. I may return for the second quarter

at the University, or I may make up my mind and stay until spring."

WHEN FLOWING TIDES EBB 215

"O Glen, don't talk so! But even if you were so foolish, what

do you expect me to do all that time? I'll surely be stepping out

a bit, shall I?"

"Shall I?"he half echoed, "most emphatically, no! Why, I

wouldn't go a step if I thought any other fellow was coming to take you out."After a long talk and some rather satisfying understandings.

Glen Hammond swung lightly into his saddle, and, with a touch of his hat and a wave of the hand, was again speeding over the dusty road toward home and the neglected potato patch.

It was a few minutes past five when eagerly he picked up the hoe from the place he had plunged it three hours before. "I know

I feel better,"he told himself as he moved rapidly forward down the long potato row. When the shadows were growing long with

the red summer sun well set, the young man left the field for chores and supper. During the evening, Glen, waiting his chance, followed

his mother into the other room requesting, "Mother, will you ask father to step in here a minute, I'd like to talk with you both. Mrs.

Hammond thoroughly amazed at the frank request, went for the questioning bishop. With the door closed the three stood facing

one another in supreme silence. The young man, still determined

to leave, delivered his longings and desires and requests, not now in the attitude of an ultimatum, as he had thought early in the afternoon to do. He declared he wanted a chance to get away, get out

and make some money, be like the other fellows. He frankly confessed his dislike for farming; in fact, now that he had such an

attentive audience, he completely unwound and ended with, "You remember what the speaker said at the meeting last week, I saw you writing it down, 'The chief business of the child is to understand, but the chief business of the grownup boy is to be understood.'I've wanted to tell you all this for a long time."

"Well, well,"finally began the father in as calm a tone as possible, "what's put all this into your head so suddenly?"

"So suddenly,"exclaimed the boy in amazement, "why father.

I've been thinking about it for at least two years, and especially every day this summer."

"Why, son,"began the anxious mother, "this very afternoon our subject was, 'Why young men leave home.'It was the farthest

thing from my mind, that you would ever want to leave."And

she lifted her apron to brush away part of her emotion.

Neither of these parents present nor sister Roe knew of the little life drama set and played at the clothesline that very afternoon.

It seems that in the tragedies of life the fox is cunning or the hounds can't see, and, that many ills spring from small misunderstandings.

216 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Glen felt that, at last, he was understood, or, at least the folks knew his desires.

After some minutes of deep study and many counter proposals, all of which seemed to fail at changing the boy's tide of mind, the father finally asked, "Where do you think you want to go, and when?""I'd like to go up into Idaho and leave this Friday evening;

I can finish the weeding by then. A big ranch is the place where I

want to land."

When they finally separated it was agreed, "Glen was going away to work."

Friday evening young Hammond galloped away from the Roe home in time to meet his father and mother at the train at 9:07. A

few minutes before the long flaring headlight of the limited shot into view, the three entered the station. As the agent handed out a

return ticket, the young man exclaimed, "Here, I don't want a return! I just asked for a oneway."

"It makes no difference in the price, as the regular annual summer excursion is on, roundtrip's the same as oneway."

"I'll never use it, but if there's no difference in price, I guess

I can hand it to some one coming this way."

As they stepped out onto the platform, everything was aglow from the glare of the great racehorse that was rushing toward them.

Out hurried the agent, lantern in hand. Two vibrant, shrill shrieks

from behind the flood of glaring light announced that the signal had been accepted. In another instant the huge form of the engine with

its lofty headlight, grind of wheels and brakes, and sputter of steam, came to a slowdown; and before the boy realized the hurry of

things, off swung the conductor with his lantern. "All-a-board,

all-a-board,"he shouted, and at the same time waved a hurryup signal to the already puffing engine. There was no time for ceremony. Hurriedly Glen kissed his father, then taking his mother

full into his large arms, he pressed her lips to his as only a son can.

A moment later, with suitcase in hand, from the lower step of the car, he waved back at the folks in the darkness. For the first time

the young man felt a lump stirring in his throat. Then a warm

tear dropped from his cheek. He waited in the entrance a moment

before stepping into the brilliantly lighted train.

The Green Valley Ranch proved a busy place. Rough, too,

for in the bunk house were a dozen men from all parts of the country, most of them anxious for yarning off their various experiences. Questionable stories, that ground on Glen's sensitive nerves,

life. Night and mornthese men took as matterof-fact—western

ing the men milked a regular herd of cows. The "newcomer"was

WHEN FLOWING TIDES EBB 217

given "Mixey,""Spot"and several other known outlaws as his share of the dairy problem. Then came breakfast at 6:30, followed

by long, hard hours in the wild hay and "foxtail;"supper at sundown; then the cows again, and the separating, and last of all the

smoky bunkhouse and hard beds.

As the place was nothing but a northern hay and cattle ranch, there was no pretense at raising any vegetables, or anything else to which Glen had been accustomed. The meals tasted greasy and canlike, no fruit but what was brought now and then by the cream

truck that visited them Tuesdays and Fridays and then hurried off again to the railroad some thirty miles distant.

A week dragged by! Glen's job was on the huge stack, sometimes with a helper, but generally alone, but always up to his waist

in the loose, wild hay and foxtail. As the expert forker with

exceptional facilities had made his brag, "No outfit waits on me,"the great loads dropped onto the stack rapidly, and at times, almost furiously. "To thunder with the wants of the stacker,"exclaimed

the forker, "it's my business to put the hay up there! If he needs

more help, let him get it."And so things moved forward, Sunday

the same as any other day.

"Let's see,"began Glen as he lay stretched at full length on his bunk bed in the dim light of a dirty, flickering lantern, I've been here twelve days. Great Scott, it seems a year! Only heard once

from Edna and the same from mother. Each promised to write

almost every day. That blamed milktruck calls at the office when

it hasn't anything else to do. Surely Friday will bring a bunch of

news.""Say, Hammond, how do you like this infernal south wind?"

exclaimed one of the fellows as he entered and pushed the door shut quickly to keep out the dust and dirt that came pouring into the dingy room.

"How do I like it? Great guns, if you were up on that stack,

you'd like it! Even with a helper today, things were bad enough.

I told Mr. Daniels tonight that it was practically impossible to keep

the loose stuff from rolling off at times."

As the pitchers, the loaders, and the forker now took up the theme, there was no reason why Glen should do any real cussing, for they were attacking things in no mistaken sentiments.

Thursday morning brought little change, unless it was that there was more wind and thicker dust. To continue the hauling

was impossible. The foreman came out and sent all hands several

miles up the sand ridge to run a line of barbed wire fence. Of all

beastly days, this was the worst! The gale fairly whipped the

dirt and sand with stinging rashness into eyes, nose, and ears. Even

218 IMPROVEMENT ERA

before quitting time most of the men were assisting to hitch up the horses, ready for shelter.

That evening, while the wind roared across the country, sending dust and dirt a-plenty into the milk pails, the cows backed, stepped, and kicked, while tired, redeyed men cussed and swore.

Glen's "Mixey"was no exception to the rule.

"Watch out for settlings!"one of the fellows down at the

separator room shouted.

"I've only got about half my regular sum!"put in another.

"If I get that much,"exclaimed Joe Bird next to Glen, "I'll consider myself mighty lucky."

"Great heavens!"began the big redhaired foreigner, "my

stuff's thick enough without the separator!"

That night as young Hammond pulled some letters from his coat pocket, a stub of a return ticket fell into his bed. "Well,

well,"he exclaimed as he examined the date, "tomorrow, Friday the 22nd and then it's no good."

With the ticket still in his hand, Glen threw himself upon his bunk to try and think.

"Say,"began Scott Leonard, the only reader of the crowd, handing a piece of paper toward Glen, "here's a clipping I got sometime ago from a church magazine. I thought you might like to

read it."Hammond read, "One day the Master said to his hired servant,

I am going away. As the corn in this large patch is just coming into

the milk, it must be thoroughly watered or it will blast and die.

"Left to himself, the servant became neglectful, choosing to do other things rather than following closely the will of the master;

even leaving the field to further and satisfy selfish desires.

"Much water was left to do damage and to be wasted. Before

the field was more than half watered the turn was over. A week

later the Master returned. Upon seeing the master's displeasure,

forth came the repenting servant, praying forgiveness for his irreparable injury. The Master finally forgave the servant and kept

him in his employ.

"At the close of the month, when the paycheck was received, forth hurried the servant, 'I thought. O Master, thou didst frankly

forgive thy servant. You have held out the day for which I was

forgiven. Shouldn't I have full pay?'

''My servant,'quoted the Master positively, 'I frankly forgave you your trespass; and will stand the loss at the harvest, but I cannot "

pay you for work left undone.'

Then followed the editor's note, "How well this 'Corn Story'might be applied in each life. Some men have been known to turn

WHEN FLOWING TIDES EBB 219

from their assignments into bypaths, making money, it is true, but often losing what money cannot buy. Then, too late in life, praying

for forgiveness and unearned rewards, they meet disappointment.

Young men, especially, should anxiously grasp opportunities before the doorway is obstructed, remembering that every one has a 'wateringturn.'

"Thank you, thank you,"exclaimed the young man as he returned the clipping. "That strikes me mighty hard. You must

have known I needed it."

Before Glen closed his eyes that night he had taken a complete "summersault"in his determinations. "Why not go home on this

ticket?"he reasoned, "I know I should do it! The very last thing

father said was, "Now, son, remember, we'll share the potatoes if you change your mind; there's plenty for all our needs."Then

Edna in her letter said that mother felt terribly over my going. As

the boy lay meditating, while the wind swept across the wild country, his younger boyhood life began panoramically to unfold before him. With astonishing freshness he lived through one scene after

another, even coming right down to the potato patch, the clothesline, the long and almost rebellious talk with his parents, the parting with Edna and his parents, the past two weeks'work, the terrible windstorm, and here he was, now needlessly away off here spending his days almost in prodigality and his evenings and nights in a bunkhouse pandemonium.

"But I said I wouldn't return until Christmas,"he reasoned, "and I've already thought of stepping in on the Eve and playing

Santa Claus."As he tried to think of staying, a feeling of anxiety

that was almost distressing depressed him. "If I really had to stay,

it would be different,"he reasoned. "With the going of the milkman

in the morning, I'll leave these troublesome vexations behind. I'll

not wait, Christmas or no Christmas! I'm sure it's my move. I

know I'll always be sorry if I fail to go. That corn story certainly

helped to settle the matter."Long after the other fellows were

breathing, heavily, Glen turned things over, time and time again.

Finally, feeling that he had clung to the darker side of doubt long enough, he exclaimed almost aloud, and not apologetically either, "It's settled. I leave this detestable ranch in the morning! I wouldn't

trade our place for the whole blamed thing, cows, hay and all!"

"Now fellows,"exclaimed Mr. Daniels, rather positively, as he

came into the eating room next morning, "we're sure in for a storm!

The clouds can't hold up many hours. By noon she'll be coming

from the northwest in great style. If so. there'll be nothing doing

until the hayfor a few days at least; possibly a week—anyway

dries a bit after the storm. If any of you fellows are leaving for

220 IMPROVEMENT ERA good, I should know it. A full house will be needed when we

start afresh."

The men eyed one another. They already had guessed as much.

The foreman continued, "Those of you what's wishing to chore about are welcome to your grub and bunk. I never turn men off

entirely.""I guess I'm hitting the trail South this morning, Mr. Daniels,"

Glen declared determinedly. "Made up my mind last night! I'm

going home to be ready for the University when it begins."

"Well say, how often do you change your mind, anyway?

Only about three days ago you were in for staying until Christmas.

Anything gone wrong, Hammond?"and the foreman pulled his

pipe from his mouth in his characteristic style when he was anxious to get at the heart of things hurriedly.

"Not a thing wrong, Mr. Daniels. I just feel I should go,

so have made up my mind."

Two hours later as the storm broke, young Hammond with a $40 check in his pocket, stepped from the milktruck to the station platform. "Well, Benson, what's the damage for the ride?"

"Two dollars, sir! But Old Daniels up at the ranch paid it,

laughing with all the fellows as he did so. He said he reckoned

he owed you that much extra. You know—but

the only fellow up there as has stuck with Mixey and the—you're I guess you don't

spotted heifers. Seeing the boss hire you that first morning, the

bunch then and there knew which critters you'd be in for stripping.

They's almost disappointed as to how well you got along. The

boss rather kidded them all while you's at the bunk house this morning, for your case."

"Oh, those infernal wallopers! I'll get even with the bunch!

You tell them for me, that I've cancelled that crate of fruit I was to send. Or I'll send a case so blamed green that it won't ripen the rest

of the summer."

It was just sundown when Glen's train thundered across fields and pastures that stirred his very soul with their familiarity. And

then he heard the two, short signal whistles answer to the conductor's pulling of the rope.

"I really believe I'm excited,"Glen testified to himself, as he made his way down to the doorway. Stepping from the car, the

young man came face to face with the fact that he was not the only one remembering the "return ticket."Just a few rods above the

moving train was his mother and little sixyear-old sister, seated in that "destestable,"but now sacred, rig. Out the occupants scrambled

even before Glen could reach them, and into his open arms they

WHEN FLOWING TIDES EBB 221

fairly flew. And now that he was safely returned, he could not

tell exactly just why all cried a bit, himself included.

"Mama just knew you'd come!"the little girl began eagerly

as they started homeward in the red glow of the western sky, "so we just hitched up old Judy all by ourselves and drove up to meet you. When the train came scooting so swiftly around that bend

down there, Mama exclaimed, 'I'm afraid it won't stop.'And then

all at once it went and I jumped and clapped my hands, toot—toot!

cause I knew you's coming for sure then. And when I looked at

Mama she's almost crying, wasn't you Mama? But say, wouldn't

it just been the terriblest thing if it hadn't been you?"And as

she sat on her big brother's lap she hugged his arms as they drove forward.

After a silence made venerable by familiar gardens, orchards and fields, and last but not least, the clapping of Judy's feet and the rattle of the rig, the little tot began excitedly, "O Glen, Miss Roe called over the phone just as we's leaving. My, but she'll be tickled! She

asked mama if she really expected you. And then they talked about

the big party tonight. And beside, guess what's happened now?

Well, I'll tell you. Old Trilby's got twins! The cutest calves you

ever saw. And best of all, they both is she's; and look just like

their mother, spots and all. Say, I just bet all the cows and every

one else will be tickled you didn't stay until Christmas."

Joy The purpose of all that lives and dies.

For all that moves and feels and breathes,

The meaning of earth and of Paradise

Is Joy, the Joy that Truth bequeaths.

The depths, the heights of a soul subdued.

The end, the all, the blessedness,

The fulness of each Beatitude—

Is lo! the promise of happiness.

The rite and rote of philosophy,

The ultimo of text and song, Religion's troth to man must be

A thing of Joy, or its theme is wrong.

An angel fell, nay a God came down

To turn the key of mortality, That Faith should bide and Joy encrown

To the furthermost posterity.

And the stars that swung to their glad employ.

When the earth was new and life was young

The Stars of the Dawn that sang for Joy

Are singing yet at the feet of Truth!

Mesa, Arizona. BERTHA A. K.LEINMAN

Earth Rumbles in Millard The Wrangling of the Mountains

By Frank Beckwith The Wild Story THERE'S an active volcano over west—we saw it!. Yes, saw it explode. And about eighteen minutes later we heard the

earthrumbles come bumpin'along."

That was the start of the wild story. It spread like wildfire. It echoed on everybody's lips. Excited groups in the pool

rooms discussed it. Even the school teachers got it. It was flashed

from person to person with that alacrity which always accompanies the telling of important news. Nor did the story lose in the

retelling.

Questioned in detail, the narrator said: "We were sitting

on the edge of the precipice of Swazey Peak, lookin'beyond White

Valley toward the Confusion range, when suddenly the earth right under us popped like a big cannon going off. And I'll tell you it

rocked us! Say, I never was so scared in my life! The way we

scampered off the edge of that precipice was nowise slow! It took

the sound of the eruption eighteen minutes to reach us, it was that far off, for we timed the smoke jet with earth rumbles."

That started the story in the fall of 1926.

Five deer hunters from the little hamlet of Abraham had gone west to the House Mountains; they had no success hunting, so all

decided to climb the nearest high point, which we locally call Swazey

Peak. It breaks off abruptly on the west with a sheer precipice of

anticline with a slip fault. They weremany hundreds of feet—ansitting right close to the edge of that drop when suddenly—"POP!"

went the mountain, giving them the scare of their lives!

In their strained and highly wrought condition, they declared they felt a temblor,* Westward with straining eyes they gazed for proof of the volcanic eruption. There it column of smoke, was!—a

far distant! Imagination lent wings, and that smoke column took

on the appearance of puffs, a veritable eruption then in progress;

and a second noise occurring after an interval, they said, "After eighteen minutes the earth rumble carried the sound to us."

That's one of the ways the mysterious noise of the earthrumbles of Millard county occurs. The procedure varies greatly.

On this occasion, it was a sharp bang like a cannon going off. At

Western U. S.—an earthquake—Ed.

EARTH RUMBLES IN MILLARD 223

other times it is a crunching, grinding noise, as of rock on rock,

Again, it manifests itself as a dull underground thud, like a distant miner's blast set off. And at another time the sound is most

likened to the clinking of steel shoes of heavy workhorses scrambling up hill, their sharpshod hoofs rattling the loose shale.

All these are variations of one and the same earththing—the

rumbles of Millard county.

When the rumor was at its height, catching the enthusiasm of the occasion, and not to be among the last to see so wondrous a sight, I took in hand a camera and a highpower telescope, and with two friends rode fifty miles to the House Range and climbed a peak (and a hard task it was, too, in that hurry of expectancy).

Breathless, tired near to exhaustion, we lay upon the tip of the peak, waiting and watching.

The highpower telescope disclosed a brush fire still raging, fifty miles away. But the silence was disappointing; for that day,

the quarrelling mountains had signed a truce, and not a murmur of dissatisfaction was heard. Earth cried not aloud from any

annoyance.

Experience of Others Nineteen years ago, William H. Bassett. now president of

the Delta Local Farm Bureau, deputy game warden, and farmer of prosperity, was then herding sheep in a nook called "The

Cove,"in the Confusion range, the next westward from Swazey

Peak.

He and his dogs were lying quietly on the leeward side of a little ledge, after a storm which had laid about a foot of fresh snow on the ground. Soon his camptender joined him, and Bassett put

down the book he was reading to converse with his visitor. All

was calm in that perfect stillness of winter. A blanket of soft

snow covered the earth; a low sky hung over to hold sound, should

there be any.

Suddenly there was a crushing, grating sound, as of a party of horsemen scrambling hurriedly up the hill to the ledge they were on. It sounded as if the steelshod hoofs of horses were clinking against the stones, and as the weight of the heavy animals

dislodged the loose rocks, they crunched, one on the other. The

soft blanket of snow dampened the noise; the low clouds held it

oppressively on them. The noise lasted about four seconds.

Bassett's companion, Frank Huggart, was speechless with fear.

"Heavens! I'm for moving out of here,"finally ejaculated

the terrorstricken man when he found tongue; "that's Gabriel's last

trump, and the world's comin'to an end!"

224 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Before the noise started, Huggart's horse had been quietly standing, reins dropped in the snow, nearly dozing. With the mysterious

noise it started in alarm, threw up its head, with eyes big, nostrils dilated, and ears pricked forward. Every nerve was tense with apprehensive fear. Its flanks began to quiver. With no further

ceremony, that horse which had been trained, and which could be trusted to stand motionless for hours, bolted the place, half sliding and half scrambling off the hill, so hurried was his going.

they were spellbound Neither man commanded, WHOA!—for

and speechless!

The dogs that had been lying in the snow sprang to their feet snarling and growling, tails between their legs, hair on their necks bristling, in fear of the unknown.

The sheep on the flat below the men moved uneasily, began to mill, and soon were in confusion.

That's Bassett's experience with the earthrumbles of Millard county.

A Diary Speaks J. J. Watson of Ibex, where the House Mountains approach the

Wah Wah Mountains near the far tip of Sevier Lake, toward the

Beaver county line, keeps a diary.

That diary shows that on Jan. 14, 1911, the noises were the

loudest he had ever heard. His son, Thos. L. Watson, was with

his horse in the Lost Spanish Mine canyon; again, here was another

animal trained to stand motionless for long hours, whenever the reins were thrown to the ground.

When the bombardment of noises began, the horse trotted out of the canyon in alarm; nor did he stop until well down on the big

flat below, where he stood as long as all was quiet; but with the

recurrence of the noises, he would toss his head, and try to face the direction of the noise. In this he was unsuccessful, for the noise

comes from here and there and everywhere. Round and round the

bewildered horse turned.

Tom Watson says: "That year you could feel the tremble

of them. A big stone on a shale cliff was shaken loose and crashed

down, bumping and thumping. I can show you the scar the thing

made as it bounded and ploughed down the hill."

The Awe of the Thing Professor Orton, author of texts on geology, says: "No

familiarity with earthquakes enables one to laugh during the shock, or even at the subterranean thunders, which sound like the clinking of chains in the realm of Pluto. All animated nature is terrorstricken. The horse trembles in his stall. The cows moo low in

EARTH RUMBLES IN MILLARD 225

a plaintive and melancholy manner, and the dog sends forth an unearthly yell."

You will neither laugh nor be flippant should you ever hear the earthrumbles of Millard county.

A Tax Collector Hears Them A. W. Phillips, of Oasis, formerly of Beaver, was deputy tax

collector of that county for two terms. It was his duty to go into

those west mountains, and when a sheep herd came out of south

Millard, to tax the sheep in Beaver county.

He tells me the noises of 1910 and 1911, and again in 1914 and 1915, were strong enough to rattle the windows of a sheep wagon.

An Old Prospector Judge Jerome Tracy heard these earthrumbles. He is a retired mineprospector who has roamed all the metalbearing hills

of the West, and who drifted into Milford thirtysix years ago when that now thriving town consisted of a few tents, one central barber shop, a blacksmith shop, and a saloon, all under the one roof, and all run by the same man.

Judge Tracy says he has heard the earthrumbles when only a few miles west of Delta, near the Hot Springs, which is this side of the House Mountains, showing the extent of travel of those mysterious noises. He first thought them to be miner's blasts until

his practiced and trained judgment told him there was no regularity about them. Usually the miner takes the noon hour, or afterquitting time to fire off his shots; the boom above ground, or the

dull subterranean thud of those shots below, will come with regularity on these two occasions. But the earthrumbles of Millard

occur in no orderly manner.

Judge Tracy thinks the noises are produced by large quantities of superheated water, steam, or gas, which at intervals in huge subterranean caverns throw off the superincumbent weight, and thump far under ground, much on the principle of a geyser eruption.

For the great cavern of Lehman's Cave, miles in extent, is only distant a range of mountains to the west. Fish Springs Flat is a

hollow, reverberating soundingboard, a crust of earth suspended over a lake of water. Run a herd of horses over that sounding board

and the noise of it is almost deafening, and the sway and jiggle of the tramping herd will make a rider following behind the herd afraid that his own mount will burst a foot through. And in the Confusion range (justly named) there are caves, and caverns, and openings into the depths of earth everywhere, to the utter confusion of

the onlooker.

226 IMPROVEMENT ERA

I Hear Them In the fall of 1926, County Prosecuting Attorney Dudley D.

Crafts took me out to Fossil Mountain, where petrified remains of primitive life, as far distant geologically as the Cambrian period, may be found.

I was up on a mountain, and he in a gulch, prone on his stomach, moistening the imprint of a most delicate and tiny fossilized fern on a stone.

Gently, as if just oozing into being, there came a noise.

"What was that?"I called to Dudley.

"Don't know. May be a wagon. Watch the road."

I was up where I could see the road for miles. Not a thing in

sight. So I called back: "No wagon in sight. Is that an earthrumble?"

"May be so. Listen for another."

I jotted down the time, and we stood expectantly, straining every nerve to catch the next one. If we moved for ease it was

noiselessly. In twentyone minutes, by the watch, there came another, but a sharper noise.

Then in eighteen minutes there came a loud blow, or report.

The first noise just oozed into being; the second a trifle more intense;

but this third one sharp and distinct.

There was no telling from what direction they came. They

seemed just to happen that was all. The sound didn't seem to

come from here or from there, but from all around, in and about anywhere and everywhere thethe place where we stood;—from

noise melted around us.

Very peculiar.

Then later, in fifteen minutes, came a duller sound; eleven

minutes after that the faintest, most delicate, slightest noise possible of perception, which was just barely wafted to the ear, scarcely audible.

And that was my experience with the earthrumbles of Millard county.

Scientists Gather In 1914 Professor O. E. Meinzer, of the U. S. Geologic Survey,

with headquarters at Washington. D. C, came out in a party of five,

and spent nearly three weeks in that region, studying geologic conditions, and investigating the origin of these rumbles. He returned

to the spot again in 1915.

"The minor noises,"he says, "referring to a knob or knoll slipping, definitely located as coming from a specific knoll, knob, or mountain side, may be attributable to the slipping of shale upon

EARTH RUMBLES IN MILLARD 227

shale. Accumulation of winter water may percolate between layers

of shale, which has a tendency to lubricate them, as it were; if

they are on a dip, or incline, or in unsteady equilibrium, a slip may occur. Observation shows that landslides and earthslides are frequent in that material."

Watson says that in the winter of 1910 and 1911, a mountain top slipped off and moved four hundred feet.

A. H. Thiessen, former weather observer for Salt Lake City,

was also once an interested visitor to the seat of the mysterious earthrumbles.

The Wrangling Mountains As to the heavier, deeper, more mysterious earth rumblings, their cause may be attributed to another origin.

The altitude of Delta is 4,649 feet; westward the auto climbs

steadily up the slope to Marjum Pass in the House Mountains, itself at an altitude of 6,400 feet. The elevation of Notch Peak is 9,725

feet. Then from that height of limestone there is a sheer drop to

at once. This is a geologicthe floor level of White Valley—all

fault. The lower part of this precipitous drop is broken by the

intrusion of a granite mass, which leans at an incline against Notch

Peak. This is commonly spoken of by prospectors as "a granitelimestone contact."

The sheer drop, the almost vertical, unbroken precipice, is nearly 3,000 feet high; against the tall mountain, in uncertain

equilibrium, rests this mass of granite, which had intruded itself there.

Notch Peak resents this intrusion.

"Here! Rest on yourself awhile."say the limestone, nudging

the granite.

228 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"Tush, tush,"replies the intruder; "you're always grumbling

and complaining."

"Well, get off anyway,"says the tall one; "I'm tired of having

you lean against me. Off with you, now!"And with that the tall

one tries again to nudge the leaner off.

And there you have the origin of the mysterious earthrumbles of Millard county. It is the quarrelling of wrangling mountains

which you hear, their talk as they bicker back and forth, together with the noise of an occasional jostle when impatience asserts itself.

And wouldn't you resent an intrusive familiarity with a little talk now and then, and a nudge or two beside?

Geologic Findings

Geologic science concurs in the statement that "crustal movements in the earth's rock systems are continuing at the present time."

As contraction takes place, it is accompanied by movement; the layers

shift to accommodate themselves to a change in their relative position.

The coasts of California show marked changes; so rapid are movements there, that temblors, earth cracks, and even severe quakes

follow. These attest crustal movements.

It is no playful flight of an uncurbed imagination to assert that the earthrumbles of Millard county are the grumblings of two jostle to dislodge a leaner, and the sharp words whichmountains—a

follow.

The threethousand-foot precipice which now exists may have been brought about by earthmovements continued over vast periods of geologic time, no one of which movements was more energetic or more noisy than those now heard in that region. For as

Doctor Frederick J. Pack says, "The country was lifted by great

vertical forces almost as gently as a mother lifts a sleeping child.

* * * The uplift, however, was accompanied by the development of great northsouth fractures. Intermittent slippings of the

crustal blocks adjacent to these fractures gave rise to the almost parallel series of faults which are known to exist in the State, particularly in the western half. The Wasatch fault and the Hurricane

fault are conspicuous examples."

The precipice of Notch Peak is another northsouth fault, obviously, by intercaused by upward movements,—accompanied,

mittent slippings and noises.

Thus our Millard county earthrumbles are accounted for of rockwithin the ken of geologic inquiry,—deepseated movements

upon rock, a continuance of crustal movement as the planet contracts, taking ages to effect a noticeable uplift, but never completely ceasing.

J

w pn WJj/M Ux

The World's Greatest Ship Docked at Pier 86, New York

Voyaging on the "Leviathan"By Claude C. Cornwall, Recreation Director

Pier eightysix, North river, is a busy thousand miles away are Sunny France place this morning. Taxicabs mill around and Merrie England.

the dock entrance and honk their way There are students and touiists off to through the traffic jam with their loads see the sights of Europe; salesmen who

of trunks', bags and expectant occupants. carry samples of American wares afar;

Masses of restless people throng the dock buyers who will search the world's kingand climb the waiting gang planks to the doms for "imported"goods; explorers;

ship's decks, carrying bundles and baskets. adventurers; journalists; actors; folks

are onMany of the women have bouquets of going home;—what not? They

flowers, roses, chrysanthemums, orchids. their way.

It is an animated crowd of humanity. They What a great time they will have going

shake hands, embrace; groups of college to across,—all of these interesting people

students sing, and Charleston, to the jazz meet and with whom to get acquainted.

music of the ship's band. The great But how is that to be done? They are all

Leviathan is sailing at noon today. strangers.

As the siren shrieks its warning, most The giant steamer floats quietly down of the huge mass of people crowd down the Hudson, past the ferry landings and the gang planks to the dock. Those left the Battery; past the statue of Liberty and

on board throw serpentine ribbons, which out through the narrows. The pilot

are caught and held as the last tie from climbs down a Jacob's ladder to his waitship to shore. The giant liner backs away ing row boat. Shivers pass over the ship

from the pier. The paper ribbons break. as the four great propellers get into action.

Handkerchiefs wave farewell and bon Commodore Hartley steers for the open voyage. There are tears and cheers. Three sea.

Community singing on deck Leviathan. The figure in the French "barry"cap is none

other than Claude C. Cornwall in the attitude of starting the song. The camera wasn't

large enough to include the hundreds of others in the group.

ON THE -LEVIATHAN'231

"Looks like we'll have fair weather,"conducted programs of deck sports and says one. "Hope so,"is the cheery reply. social activities in each of these four separThere is an exchange of smiles. This is ate communities. We romped and played

the first step toward a friendship which together, watched and laughed and sang.

may last long after the voyage is finished. We made up our own fun. And most of

Seventeen times I have seen this giant it came from discovering who we were, liner put out to sea from the American where we were going, and why.

shore. Thirtyfour times "we"have Baseball Leagues. Deck Tennis Contests

A thrilling moment in a deck tennis jame on the Leviathan. Andrew Mellon. Jr., has thrown

the ring to Miss Elizabeth Hughes, (daughter of Chas. E. Hughes). If Miss Virginia

Willys doesn't get into the game she will lose a point. Kemit Butler, (son of Chief Justice

Butler), is on the alert. But the most animated face in the picture is that of Claude C.

Cornwall, recreation director.

crossed the Atlantic, the Leviathan and I. and Golf Tournaments were only the

It is a great ship. On some voyages this means of getting over our recreational idea.

summer we carried nearly 'three thousand There was some exhilaration value in these passengers. Our crew numbers eleven hungames to be sure. There was entertaindred. There are four classes of travel ment for the gallery group, the spectators.

based upon one's ability to pay; third But, most of all, there was social contact

cabin, tourists, second class, and first. I and a centering of interest which slowly

have named in the ascending order of developed unity among these heterogeneous pocket books. One can ride the Leviathan mass of strangers. We began to Tcnow one

for $1,000 or for less than $100. In another.

my responsibility as recreation director, I In the Tourist cabin the problem was 232 IMPROVEMENT ERA

more complex. Here was limited deck to the piano and harmonized for a few

space and unlimited ambition and energy songsi. Soon others joined, then came both

in the crowds of college students and teachmen and women, until the crowd numers aboard. Mass games, group relays, bered nearly a hundred. Miss Curtis of

folk dances and such interests occupied the Boston was at the piano and we started morning periods, generally ending with an with, "My Hero,"then "The Sextette"hilarious clog dance and a cheer. Happy and finally, "The Volga Boatman,"—all

as these group gamesi were, they couldn't from memory and in full harmony.

compare with those of the evening proWhen the American Legion went over,

Left: Miss Dorothy Carlson of Salt Lake City, winner of the National Oratorical contest

with her mother, posing on the Leviathan in midAtlantic. Right: Miss Evelyn

Thurston of St. George, Utah, in a bold attitude of bravery on one of the Leviathan's

life boat davits. She is on her way to Paris, where she is now studying piano with the

eminent Phillipe at the Scola Cantorum, near Sarbonne.

grams. Commencing with the community there was no class distinction. It was a

"song,"these Leviathan nights have been oneclass boat. My task was not so much

everything from an informal concert to a one of promoting activity as to give opdramatic revue. People of talent were portunity for all who wished to enter the

gathered into congenial groups and they sports program. Our central committee in

wrote, rehearsed, and produced skits, charge of the various features numbered choruses and even light opera. One night more than forty people. We tried to get

when we had finished singing old songs, one from each state in the union. Greenrounds and such, a group of fellows came ville, Ohio, furnished a brass band which

ON THE "LEVIATHAN"233

was the concert nucleus for the "sings"At the Trocadero in Paris, Commander held on deck. (When these "sings"were Savage raised the gavel (made from a

over each evening, small groups would wounded tree from Belleau Wood by a gather into variouscorners and harmonize disabled veteran) and called the convenfar into the night.) tion to order. He announced the opening

There were baseball games and golf number from the famous fife and drum tournaments galore; contests were held in corps of Booneville, Iowa. Immediately

everything from tennis to quoitpitch- a hundred voices in the great audience ing. This was a great voyage. Many echoed, "Never heard of it!"

Andrew Mellon, Jr.. congratulates Miss Elizabeth Hughes, the champion, (note the medal)

in the presence of Kemit Butler and Miss Virginia Willys.

of the men had been passengers on the At Cherbourg, Julian Thomas came

Leviathan ten years before when, as a out to meet us. I hadn't seen "Jude"in

transport, she carried ten thousand soldiers sixteen years; way back in the days when

of the A. E. F. at a trip over to France he with Geo. Cannon, Spence Cornwall

to do their bit in the great war. "You and I formed the University quartette and

can't stand there, soldier!"was the bvsang, "Hard times come again no more."

word of that other trip. But this time He is commander of the Paris post of the

the slogan was, "Never heard of it!"One Legion, and so I was invited to go on

roup sang their California song and waved the first tender with General Pershing and a yellow banner. "Where is this Caliall the big boys. (The Leviathan is too

fornia?"shouted a New England group, large for the Cherbourg docks so it

"Never heard of it!"anchors outside and is served by smaller

234 IMPROVEMENT ERA

boats called, "tenders,"which come alonghung above their heads, menacing their side and take passengers to the harbor.) security and destroying their peace of mind.

Ordinarily I have waved goodbye from And here were the fine fellows who came the ship to passengers'leaving in this way. freely, with no thought of personal gain,

(This might be called a tender farewell.) or national expansion, and helped remove

But this time it was my turn to be "tenthat threat forever: "Vive I'Amerique!"

derly"landed. By the time we reached the Gare St.

Our band played the "Marseillaise,"and Lazare we were filled with emotion. There

the "Star Spangled Banner,"as we enwere tears in the eyes of most of us.

tered the inner harbor and the French The great parade in Paris was not band on shore responded with the same spectacular in itself. It was huge, massive;

numbers in reverse order. Then they but as a pageant the M. I. A. Jubilee had

Left to right: Miss Clara Partridge of Provo, Utah, and Miss Minna Gill, the Tourist

Social Committee. Miss Agnes Young, daughter of Mahonri Young, the sculptor. Agnes

is returning from Paris, after a summer's vacation spent with her father. Her brother, Bill,

was along, but kept out of the picture. Agnes was coauthor and actress in the Leviathan

Tourist Revue. Dr. and Mrs. LeRoy Cowles of the University of Utah after 6,000 miles

of Leviathan travel. Miss "Utah"was entertained at luncheon on the Leviathan in New

York. With Miss Veda Farley and Virginia Stevens, she was the guest on the big boat

of Claude C. Cornwall, recreation director.

played, "Madelon,"the famous French it eclipsed many ways. The spectacle was

war song. (Never heard of it!) in the side lines; the French people cheerAll the way from Cherbourg to Paris ing these "civilian"soldiers. (There were

as our train sped along (drawn by an very few uniforms.) Soldiers of the

American locomotive), the French people French guarded the line of march, in full waved their welcome, shouted, "Vive uniform and with fixed bayonets and

I'Amerique!"and cheered us with smiles loaded rifles which glistened in the ocand genuine enthusiasm. It was a sincasional rifts of sunshine that filtered

cere expression of French feeling. I mean through the misty clouds. They were prethat of the common people of the great pared to quell any hostile outbreak or

Republic. Oh! there may be some demonstration should it occur. They preEuropeans who would wish to discredit sented a grim spectacle with those fixed

the faces of these finethestruggle—butAmerican thesecontributionpeople toknow.the greatFor bayonets.smile broke Butuponthe grimness faded as a

years the threat of German invasion had fellows when they watched the long lines

ON THE 'LEVIATHAN"235

of American "troops"swing jauntily and the carefree Noville; but this article

along the broad boulevards of this gayly should stop now.

decorated Paree. At any rate, I'm going to make men-

I flew from Paris to London. I had to tion of Dr. Franklin S. Harris, of the

make speed, as the Leviathan sailed from B. Y. U., and Prof. James L. Barker,

Southampton the next morning at seven. of the U. of U., who were rival captains

of the Sharks'and Whales in a baseball

George Ercole, of Paramount Pictures, game played on the English Channel. More

came aboard on Tuesday at Cherbourg, than fifty missionaries came home on the carrying a large tin box. He had films ship this summer. Spence Eccles and Mrs.

of the convention and parade, developed Eccles of Logan went across to the Legion and printed, ready for the projector. When Convention, as did also Dr. Black. Mrs.

we were within about 200 miles of the Huish went to meet her son, as did also shore an hydroplane came out from New Mrs. Roberts. Peg Partridge visited

York. Ercole threw these films overEurope, A. Van Tussenbrook went to

board (sealed in the tin container and Rotterdam to bring back his wife, Marion fastened to a rope with cork floats atMorris, Erma Rockhill and Evelyn Thurstached.) The plane alighted on the ton are now studying in Paris, and Paul

ocean's smooth surface, taxied to the spot, Kimball went to Oxford University. I

and hauled the precious package aboard. wasn't entirely among strangers.

By that time we had gone far ahead. But Whenever "Mormon"missionaries were

soon we saw a speck on the horizon and aboard I introduced them to the Purser then a plane rushing overhead back to a and told him we were now safe for the waiting audience in New York. The trip. The ship wouldn't sink with mispatrons of the Paramount saw films of the sionaries on board. And I also tried to

parade and convention a whole day before be a missionary, mostly by trying to the ship which brought them had arrived direct my own behavior somewhere around in port. par. Almost every moment of leisure con-

I should like to tell more of the "Heroes versation was about Utah, Salt Lake, the of the Air"as they impressed me in our "Mormons,"and what makes us different brief contacts. Of Commander Richard from other people. I believe the

E. Byrd, a cultured, radiating personality; most cherished compliment paid me durClarence Chamberlain, the modest, skillful ing the entire summer came from the bagpilot; of Colonel Chas. A. Lindbergh, the gage master whose parting request was,

great aviator, navigator and sincere yankee; "Please. Cornwall, send me a picture of

of the reticent Balchen; the bold Acosta; your temple."

f Sunny Jim Cave By Glen Perrins

No one in the world knows the joke! echoing mirthlessly in the hollow grotto

But it must have been a real hilarious one below sea level are not enough to dispel which Mother Nature told ages and ages the smile,—Sunny Jim smiles on.

face in the darkness of those long, winding stairways that lead ago.—theforstonecarvedthe guardian of Sunny Jim cave, Grotesque and weird is the trip down

is still laughing. The image turesque building near San Diego. One thatfornia—underground cavern in southern Califrom the hut on the cliffs of that picsmiles, and the lashing of the waves of the goes down, down, down! Step after

gigantic Pacific, for thousands and thoustep on those misty, winding stairs, the sands of years, have been unable to erase roar of the ocean and the lap of the waves the laugh; their roar and wild raging coming nearer and nearer. The darkness

SUNNY JIM CAVE Photo Courtesy, Pictorial California

of the underground stairway is broken this famous cave that many movie scenes by flickering lights. The guide leads on, are of "The Count of Monte made,—parts

the bottom, it Cristo"and others. A huge rock at thedown and down—until

seems the very bottom of the earth is mouth of the cave casts a reflection into reached, and the sunlight flashing from the the pool below, and the suggestion is made waves casts its rays into Sunny Jim cave. that photographs be taken of some memThe grin on the huge stone face that looks bers of the party. The tide will soon be

in from the ocean front casts fear aside in and the party must hurry up the stairs and before long visitors are smiling, calling before the ocean floods the floor of the to one another, listening to the echoes ring cave. We leave Sunny Jim still smiling

from grotto to grotto. optimistically and happy,—an inspiration

The guide tells the party that it is in to travelers.

The open side of this patio sweeps into spacious lawns centered pool.

Spanish houses seem to drift into the garden.

The Road to Destiny By Elizabeth Cannon Porter

Edgar Wells had been like one paralyzed The children carried their hurts to all day: ever since his successor as principal "mother,"who never failed them. As her

of the high school had been announced. eyes rested on the greying hair of her

Of course he had known it was coming; husband, he seemed but another of her

but somehow it seemed worse as it stared loved ones who had been wounded in his out at him from the front page of the battle with the world.

morning paper. As soon as Dirk Crane "It does seem too bad, Ed., with the

was elected county superintendent of new building just finished two years ago.

schools it was generally conceded that he and the laboratory equipment and all."

would put in his brotherin-law. O. A. Prof. Wells could have wept at the

Burke, as head of the high school. As a mention of the scientific laboratory, so

result of the election, too, the personnel long had he struggled for it. For its class.

of the board had been changed. it was the best in the state. He had

In vain Wells'friends called attention to worked indefatigably for it. Science had

his twenty years of service; his achievebeen his subject when he had started out

ments, which had been notable. Their as a young teacher. He had classified the

arguments were as effective as waves dashwild flowers of his beloved state. He

ing against a rock wall. knew the geology of their valley and had

"The twenty best years of my life installed superb glass cabinets full of twentyfive to fortyfive!"he exclaimed fossils and mineral specimens. In the

ruefully. "Why, I've made this school. manywindowed laboratory for the study

Now someone else will reap the benefit of physics and chemistry, he had seen one of my work."of his dreams come true.

He had taken his troubles to his wife. "Burke will step in when the institution

238 IMPROVEMENT ERA

is made,"he exclaimed disconsolately. bers of the branch of the Church in their

"I've heard of them shelving old men, new location. They were wafted on by

but they've put me out in my prime."the boom in the coast city. An avenue

"Why, can't you see, dear, that it's a swept by the first house that they bought good thing?"and overnight turned it into business prop-

"What!"erty. They sold the lot for a store and

"Why if you've got to make a change, moved the house to another piece of that you do it while you still have your ground. Soon the city crowded it so they

strength. Don't you remember what rented it and built them a more capacious

Emerson says in his essay on Compensahome farther out.

tion, that disasters sometimes force changes It basked in sunlight this New Year's upon us that ultimately result in our day like a jewel in its setting. The surgood. 'That what would, sheltered, have rounded landscapes divulged, besides a

been a sunny garden flower, may become, curved driveway of fan palms, the through hardships, the banyan tree of the silhouettes of tropicallooking dates flanked forest.'by the pinion pine, Italian cypress and

"Just where would you transplant us?"Monterey cedar.

he asked sardonically. "Other schools will From one neighbor's miniature Japanese

not want Delphi's castoffs."garden floated the murmur of a waterfall;

"I was thinking,"said his wife slowly, the tinkle of windbells. On the other side

"of that letter that we had from Ferd blazed a row of belated red and gold a while back. He said that he wished he cannas; a splash of purple bougainvillea

had someone reliable, like 'good old Ed,'against a yellow wall.

to take care of his office in Los Angeles All night in their own garden the nightwhile he rustled some outside business."blooming cereus had burdened the air with

"Insurance! What do I know about its perfume, but, with the coming of the

insurance?"day, gave place to the scent of Chinese

"That's just it. It's different and would sacred lilies. Poinsttias lent their regal

be a change."beauty to the holiday: everlasting flow- "But our interests are here—home and ers bloomed in lavender immortality. There

everything."the tender was green of Scotch broom.

"'Transplanted things,'I've heard you flitted the Wells house, Mother about say Ed, 'though they wilt at first, usually "arranging bowls of crimson McArthur do better afterward in a new soil.'roses and purple pansies. Her dreams of

He did not know that in her mother her children had come true. Parley was

heart she harbored ambitions for her chil- a ship's officer on a large liner that plied dren, now budding into adolescence. A to the Orient. Isolde, who had a distinct

larger place would offer increased opgift of design, was already a successful portunities. interior decorator. Motts, in the high

Edgar Wells went ahead to try out the school, played the saxophone| and was new work. The news stirred the little fitting himself to become an auto mechanic,

town. The Wells'were going to Cali- ( though he secretly hoped that they'd be

fornia! Many regretted it for they had running airships by the time he was

known the amiable professor all their livesthrough.)

Mother stoically sold the house. They They and their friends would all be

were burning their bridges. They had home today. Mother felt a little flutter

been paying for it so long that it was intiof excitement. What would come of the

mately associated with their lives. As she meeting of her older boy with Angie Reed?

packed her furniture for shipping she cried They had not seen each other for five a little but presently dried her eyes. Her years. Angie was from their home town

place was by her husband's side. of Delphi and was visiting Isolde for the

holidays. Parley was a man's man, little

The Wells family became active meminterested in girls, but Mrs. Wells had

THE ROAD TO DESTINY 239

hoped that when he chose a wife that teringly embraced his mother and sister.

he would pick a Utah girl. There is a "How are you, father?"he put out

delicacy about the mountainbred girls, his hand.

curvedand Angie was so much the real thing. Gravely he appraised Angie,—the Mother donned her rosecolored gown grace of her,—her ashgold hair and honest

and ensconced herself behind the silver gray eyes.

chocolate pitcher to dispense hospitality. "This is a surprise!"

The table stood in the sun parlor, which "Motts, old boy."

was floored with yellow and black tile "Glad to see you, Kent."

and decorated with Donatello flower boxes Then he remembered his belated Christfilled with Boston ferns. mas gifts in a sandalwood box redolent of

Two bright spots burned on Mrs. the Orient.

Wells'cheeks. He poured them out: a Chinese dragon

"You look like a girl,"apostrophied on black satin, a kimona embroidered in her husband, strolling in. He, too, had morning glories, slippers, a necklace of

grown younger in appearance. Business motherof-pearl, a tiny ivory hand on a

competition demanded that he "keep fit."long stick which he facetiously informed

"I'm expecting Parley today. The them was "a backscratcher for pa."

Mauretania Maru was expected to dock Isolde fastened the necklace around this morning. Angie's white throat. Mother Wells

Mr. Wells consulted his paper. turned off the radio, which had been voic-

"Sure enough,"he said. ing a New Year's sermon, and put on the

Motts, with some fellow tennis record, "The Girl from Utah."

raqueteers, arrived. They devoured the After a while the younger boys went

little cakes and made hilarious allusions to out to feed the green parrot that kept the burial of the old year at Venice the screeching. "Grandma,"from the sycamore

night before. tree. Isolde and Kent strolled out to look

"Great time,"explained Motts, "conat their own and each others'images in the fetti, costumes, real, live elephant. Every- "gazing globe."Angie stopped to admire

one invited to take a ride."an Ingalls statuette of a baby by the pool,

Isolde and Angie came in glowing. They but Parley took her over to a cedar tree,

had been to the tournament of roses at plucked a branch and thrust it at her, sayPasadena. ing simply, "It means 'I live for thee.'

As they doffed their coats and poised Mother and father Wells'were left alone their chocolate in dainty cups they dein the gathering twilight. A feeling of

scribed it. content enveloped them.

"Yes, lots of roses—Irish Killarneys, "Do you remember, Ed, when you

French Maman Cochets, German Frau lost your position at the Delphi High that

Druschis."you thought that the end of the world had

"And the costumes,"exclaimed Angie come?"

to whom it was all new, "Padres and "Well, I've generally found that when

Spaniards. Indians and Colonial Dames, one door shuts, two open."

world war veterans and English fox- "Yes. and sometimes men are pushed

hunters."by circumstances into other work where

Kent Crawford, a movie celebrity, arthey would never have the courage to rived in his foreignbuilt car. Isolde had make a change if left to their own initiamet him in Hollywood while designing a tive."

set for a picture. His distinguished presHe reached out and found her hand

ence lent eclat to the occasion. where it lay on the wicker arm of her

Right after him came Parley, who bluschair.

The Reign of the Judges An Outline of Nephite Government

By Alton C. Melville

It was quite natural that as the need for Alma, son of Alma, as the chief judge.

organized government arose that an autoThere are many interesting phases of this cratic form should be adopted by the early unique governmental plan, many of which

Americans of the Book of Mormon. Their are remarkably similar to our present demoforefathers had been ruled by kings on the cratic government.

Eastern continent, then too, such an orThe Right of Appeal. On questions of

ganization was the most simple and easily law, as is the case under the United States perfected. And so we observe that as the government today. King Mosiah recomland became populated and the need for mended the right of appeal from a lower

government arose, quite naturally, kings judge to one higher in authority. In case

were chosen. one of the parties still felt that the case

Later on, however, it was made known was not rightly decided, a second court of to the people by the inspired King Mosiah, appeal was arranged for, to be composed in the farfamed political discourse which of a small number of the lower judges.

was published and sent throughout the (Mosiah 29:2829.)

land, that as a general rule it was not a Capital Punishment. One of the first

good policy to have a single autocrat to cases brought before Alma, the first chief rule them. He went on to explain that judge under this new regime, was a comwhile there had been many good and just plaint against Nehor. This man, during a

kings, yet to leave the political destiny of heated argument with a member of the a people in the hands of a single autochurch, became very angered, and drawing crat, in all probability, an unjust ruler his sword, slew his contender. It was

would sooner or later gain the throne, to clearly a case of killing another with malice the grave danger of the governed. A king aforethought, and today would probably

might be desirable, he continued, when be considered as first degree murder. After

men become better able and more honest, hearing the case, Alma found him guilty but not at that time. (Mosiah 29:4, 13.) under the law accepted by the people, and

Mosiah probably bore in mind also the he was thereupon condemned to die, which divine decree promulgated by Nephi and sentence was duly executed. (Alma 1:1-

others that kings should not be allowed 15.)

to rule in this chosen land. (2 Nephi The capital punishment law is again

10:11.) emphasized wherein it says, "the law reBeing divinely inspired concerning this quireth the life of him who hath murmatter, and realizing that he was becomdered."(Alma 34:12.) Later it appears

ing aged, King Mosiah prepared to "newly that before a sentence of capital punisharrange"the political affairs of his people ment could be executed the death warrant on a more democratic basis. In this fahad to be signed by the governor. Herein

mous address on political science he advised lies a remarkable similarity to our State the citizens to appoint judges and to carry laws, which also gives to the governor on the affairs of the government by the the power to commute a death sentence.

voice of the people. The plan was preMartial Law. An instance of martial

sented to the people of his kingdom who law being executed temporarily among the almost unanimously expressed favor toNephites is recited. (Alma, chapter 51.)

ward the plan, and thereupon assembled There was a class of proud, wouldbe at the polls and chose their judges, with aristocrats, who opposed free government

THE REIGN OF THE JUDGES 241

as it then existed and desired that a king system which tended toward moneycor- be substituted in place of the chief judge. ruption that the Prophet Alma, who was

A referendum was taken in which the accused of false preaching, wa9 arrainged majority of the people declared themselves for crossexamination. Zeezoram, a clever

favorable toward the present government. lawyer of that time, conducted the examThese antagonists, or "kingmen,"as they ination. His questions, with Alma's firm

were called, were not satisfied, but pressed and sincere replies, availed nothing toward their cause. During this agitation the Alma's conviction. (Alma 11:21.)

Lamanites were entering the borders of Religious Freedom. Religious freedom

their land and threatening the people. The under the reign of the Judges was a guarking-men refused to take up arms or to antee to all. Christian and atheist alike,

defend their country. Moroni, who was were allowed to preach their beliefs. We

head of the Nephite army, thereupon prehave the instance of Korihor, who was sented a petition to the chief judge asking given protection in his atheistic preaching.

for authority to compel the support of (Alma 30:7-9.)

these dissenters. The petition was granted

and Moroni immediately proceeded to exThe Reign of the Judges lasted for nearercise this grant of authority. Submission ly forty years, and from all indications

of the dissenters came only after four thouwas quite efficient, especially as compared sand of them were slain, and a large numwith other forms of government which ber imprisoned without trial, pending the they later tried. Eventually, the people

outcome of the ensuing battle with the fell victim to the dangers pointed out by

Lamanites. The remainder of the kingKing Mosiah. A conspiracy was successful,

men enlisted with Moroni. wherein the chief judge was murdered on

Remuneration. A system of not only paythe judgment seat, and the government

ing lawyers, but also of paying their judges overthrown. The conspirators'plan to

for the actual time spent in the trial of a set up a kingdom, however, failed, and the case was their practice. A likely result of result was that the people were divided

this system of remuneration was for some into many tribes, each having its own code to seek personal enrichment, to the sacrifice of laws and tribal leader. Such was the

of justice and service. (Alma 10:32; unfortunate political condition of the peo11:1.) ple just prior to the coming of the Savior.

CrossExamination. It was under this (3 Nephi 6:30.)

Try, See the Other Side

We often hastily blame for guilt and judge for sins unseen,

And take the words of meager souls who tells us the unclean.

But, stop, my brother, do not judge nor lend your tongue to shame,

But let your heart be big and broad, treat fellow men the same.

Then scale the hilltop with the just, and see the other side,

For face the truth you sometime must: have you kept trust or lied?

It matters not what means you hold, it matters not the rank,

But only that the truth you told when you of favors drank.

Try, see the other side for once, If you are told the worst.

There's bound to be some sunshine there if you will only search.

You'll know that truth most precious is in all this world so wide:

When slanders reach you, brother; try to see the other side.

Garfield, Utah R. C. Waring

Current Events A Study for the Advanced Senior Class M. I. A., 192728

Suggestions by the Committee Advanced Senior Class work should have distinct recognition.

It is time for the completion of preparaThree vital questions are facing the tion for our month of special prominence, class: 1. What are the special privileges

February. While being "ij"is not one of of the Advanced Senior Class during the

the M. I. A. objectives of the Advanced month of February? 2. What special

Senior Department, the class should give work is expected of the class by the year constant evidence of its worthiness to a round program? 3. How can the class get

frontrank place in the lineup for success. what is coming to it and do what is exOne of the characteristics of stake and ward pected of it? We must be true to our

officers'meeting should be an order of name "Advanced,"with the watchword business, and in that order of business "Advance."

1 Religion and Social Service (January, 1928)

Is religion passing away from the poor? Is the marriage rate increasing or deHave the leisure rich and the educated creasing in your state?

been in the wrong on most of the probHow many marriages to one divorce in lems of progress, most of the time? your state in 1926?

Do the working men distrust the Is the divorce rate in your state greater churches, and if so, why? or less than that of the republic,—one

Is the working man naturally religious, divorce to sven marriages? (Consult:

and if so, in whom does he believe? Literary Digest, December 3, p. 34.)

Does the immigrant find the gospel in Dorothy Dix handles "Companionate practice here that is preached to him Marriage"righteously and rigorously. See

abroad? Deseret Evening News, Friday, NovemDoes the church move out as the ber 18.)

foreigner moves in to our protestant comDoes the world need a religious munities? armistice?

Of what is the present social unrest the Would perfect unity of idea interfere result? with advancement?

What has the church done for "idealIs this a day when leaders in religion ism?"are in doubt as to what they believe?

Wherein has the church failed with the Are the Jews and the Protestants unitpoor? ing in helping the Catholics?

For answers to the foregoing questions Is the attitude of the American press study an article, "Why Labor Deserts the favorable or unfavorable to the loosening

Church,"by G. Charles Stelge, in World's of greed lines? What of that strikingly

Work. November 29, condensed in Readstrong sermon of less than one hundred

er's Digest, December. words? (Literary Digest, December 3,

Which is preferable for Christian propage 34.)

gress, "The Michigan Plan for Good Will on Earth,"or Dr. Barton's scheme for If I Were Mayor—By Will Durrani

unification of church effort? (See Literary Digest, November 26, pp. 2728.) An article bustling with ideas, many of

Is divorce increasing faster than marthem of an upto-date type and some deriage in the United States? cidedly forward looking. Condensed in

CURRENT EVENTS 243

Reader's Digest, November, from Plain Putting Business Before Life

Talk. October, 27.

By James Ratnsford Sprague Character Budgets An able editorial Readers'Digest—It is a danger signal for big business

November. It is a challenge to the inand especially for salesmen. Harpers

dividual and worth while as a basis of Magazine, November, 1927, condensed in class discussion. Readers'Digest of December.

2 Politics and Industry

Tax Reduction

It is quite possible that hundreds of those of the President. Mr. Mellon is

millions of dollars will be slashed from very strongly in favor of the repeal of the country's tax bill by the next session the Inheritance Tax on the ground that of Congress. Secretary Mellon, however, this revenue properly belongs to the states,

counsels cautiousness in this matter. He but here is where he will doubtless meet

suggests that the tax bill be reduced not great opposition because a great many more than $225,000,000. Many of the believe that the government Inheritance

congressmen recommend a reduction of at Tax ought to prevail, because 80% of the least $400,000,000 and some would go tax as paid in by the State may be deeven higher than this. The question with ducted from the amount to be paid to the

most people is where will this tax reducFederal Government, and that therefore it tion hit? The corporations are clamoring is not a very heavy tax; and. too, it will

for a relief of at least 1JX%, that is, prevent people with large inheritance from from 134 to 12 per cent, and people who going to Florida and other states where pay the personal income tax in the middle they have no inheritance tax in order to brackets especially, that is between $18,- evade the tax. The corporation tax, it is

000 and $70,000, expect a reduction, believed, will likely be reduced on the and many would like to have the Federal ground that millions of people will be

Estate Tax taken off, and others would benefited thereby; that is, by a reduction

prefer the tax on automobiles removed, in prices of commodities which are made and also the tax upon amusements. Still by the corporations. Mr Mellon, too.

others would like a great exemption on believes that the Automobile Tax should the lower levels, while others would prefer be retained on the ground that a motor that the tax remain as it is, in order that car is a semiluxury and of such widethere may be a Treasury surplus so as to spread use that it furnishes a broad base reduce the public debt at a rate of at on which to apply a low tax without any least $1,000,000,000 a year. particular hardship on the part of the

As the plan stands at the present time, taxpayer. So as to make a well balanced

it seems as if there might be a reduction tax system, therefore, the secretary of the of about $250,000,000 and that the man treasury is urging the retention of many who pays a tax on a small income will of what might be called "Nuisance Taxes,"get no direct relief. Those who happen on the ground that they cause little into hold stock in corporations might posconvenience to the taxpayer, and help to

sibly get a little relief in the way of spread the tax over the greatest number higher dividends upon the stock if the of people.

corporation tax is reduced. Many think Questions

that when the final bill is written it will likely include most of the proposals which What is a tax? What is an income tax?

is a general property tax? what What From are made by Secretary Mellon, because his get its revenue? sources does the Government

recommendations seem to harmonize with What proportion of this comes from the in244 IMPROVEMENT ERA

come tax? Why are the present taxes of the people? Do government taxes affect local

government so high? Where does most of taxation? If so, how?

the money go? Where do bills of revenue in References: See Literary Digest, Nov. 19,

Congress originate? Who determines what 1927, pages 5 to 7; Saturday Evening Post,

they shall be? Which one of these proposed Nov. 26, 1927, pages 25. 123, 125, 126;

reductions, in your judgment, is the most just? Public Finance, by Lutz, or any good text

Which will benefit the greatest number of book on Economics.

3—Science and Discovery

/. The Nobel Prize in Physics

The Swedish Royal Academy has reThis remarkable invention works on a cently awarded the Noble prize in physics theory diametrically opposite to that of to Professor Arthur H. Compton of the the ordinary lightning rod or tower, which

University of Chicago and to Professor attracts lightning discharges that would

Charles Thompson Rees Wilson of Camotherwise have struck objects in their imbridge University. mediate vicinity. "The cage system, on

The Noble prize in physics has the other hand, claims to remove the previously been awarded in the United danger of a discharge of lightning taking

States to Professor A. A. Michelsen of the place in or around the protected zone. It

University of Chicago and to Professor operates by gathering into itself the ground

Robert A. Millikan of the California Incharges which would have existed within

stitute of Technology. the protected area, and returning them to

It is significant that all three of the the charged thundercloud by ionic disAmerican Nobel prize winners in physics charge, so distributed in time and in space were, at the time of their awards, memthat no destructive discharge can take place bers of the faculties of the University of over or within the protected area."

Chicago.

Questions Questions

1. What is the nature of the Nobel prizes? 1. What causes thunder and lightning?

Who is the donor? 2. In what way do such 2. What have been the various scientific and

prizes promote or hinder scholarly work? 3, prescientific explanations of lighting? 3. What

What group of Utah scholars has made a is the annual loss of life and property in the distinctive—ScientificcontributionMonthly, Dec,in the 1927,field ofpagephysics?5 69. UnitedAmerican,StatesDec, 1927,from pagelightning?489. Scientific

//. Lightning Prevention ///. The Giant Broadcaster

Storage tanks of the Pan American The most powerful broadcaster in the

Petroleum Company of California, conworld is station WGY, maintained by the taining twelve and a half million barrels General Electric Company at Schenectady, of oil, are now protected by lightning preNew York, and licensed by the Federal ventors, as a result of the invention of Radio Commission.

John M. Sage of Los Angeles.

This giant apparatus employs the force Steel towers are erected around the area to be protected. These towers are conof 100 kilowatts or 100,000 watts. The

nected with one another at the top by remarkable achievement was made possible means of "a cordon or ring of wires arthrough the production of a 100kilowatt- power tube by the Research Departmentranged in a horizontal plane and carrying frequent points from which discharges of the General Electric Company.

take place, all properly grounded and in- "So powerful is the installation that 60 terconnected electrically with the reservoir gallons of water per minute are required or other object which it is desired to to cool the tubes of the transmitter, lest protect."they melt."

CURRENT EVENTS 245

Questions The "teletactor"is a simple device held 1. What is the underlying principle of in the hand of the deaf person, whose finradio? 2. What recent inventions are reger tips rest on "receivers"with a variable

sponsible for the phenomenal development of capacity for responding to speech vibraradio? 3. What are the dangers and posrions

sibilities of radio from the standpoint of (a) education, (b) democracy in social control, The method requires about 300 hours (c) world peace or war, etc.? 4. Contrast drill for maste.ry, but, when learned, is

British and American policies in controlling said t0 facilitate greatly the development radio broadcasting. Scientific American, Dec. c a,'ang uag e sense andj..to improve,lip1927 oaee 500

reading.

IV. More Help for the Deaf

The perfection of a simple bit of apQuestions paratus, a of deaf person means which by,1. What

ican ilearn to use iof c,.touchluuu sense"'J '- ",his, 'in munication ubetween are the. presentjrdeaf personsmethods,,.uthemselvesof comhearing the speech of another, is a task and with others? 2. Why are congenitally

just completed by Dr. R. H. Gault of deaf persons also mute? 3. How extensive

Northwestern University, working under is deafness in the United States? What are

are extent what TorUthe mNational,-c. U1 > 1 r>Researchu.,thesethe causescauses ofcontrollable?deafness? Scientificc American,* auspices,,..,:,., fof fithe

Council. Dec 1927, page 524.

Historic Ramah's Verdant Slope

The nation crumbled and its sun went down.

The blighting shadows of iniquity

Rolled o'er the crowning splendor of the land

As night succeeds the glory of the day.

Last of a seeric line. Moroni sealed

And buried deep in lone Cumorah's hill

The golden record of his vanished race.

Replete with prophecy and luminous

With truth it lay, while down the lapse of time

The aloes bloomed and drooped and passed away.

Wide o'er the land night's rayless curtain fell

And rampart wall, the ornate citadel,

Passed into hopeless ruin and decay.

The dusky Lamanites, whose heritage

Was ignorance, surged up and down the earth

Like clashing billows of an angry sea.

Then grayeyed dawn poured up a shaft of light

Across the starry empire of the night.

And, with the ancient standard high unfurled,

God's flow'ring purpose ripened o'er the world.

Among the glories of the new born day

Cumorah's mighty sentinel appeared

Robed in a light that paled the midday sun.

To Joseph he revealed the book, and there,

There on historic Ramah's verdant slope

The youthful seer received the sacred charge.

'Twas prophecy's fulfilment, that a race

Brought low should speak as from the silent dust.

Theodore E. Curtis

Development of the Grazing Industry in Utah By Dr. George Stewart, Agronomist, Utah Agricultural

College and Experiment Station

Pioneer Settlement year, who held the land under an old Spanish Grant ), Lynne, Provo, Evansville

The Mexican War ended in 1846 but (Lehi). Battle Creek (Pleasant Grove),

the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo was not American Fork, Payson, Nephi, Manti, signed until 1848. Meantime, Utah was Tooele, Grantsville, Fillmore, Parowan,

occupied by the "Mormon"pioneers, who, Cedar City, Paragonah, Forts Walker and having no land laws to guide them, took Harmony, Brigham. Willard, Wellsville,

land according to a plan furnished by and Logan. All of the settlements were

Brigham Young. In Salt Lake City 10near mountain streams which afforded natacre blocks were divided into 8 building ural irrigation for flat areas of wheatlots of 1 J4 acres each. Just at the edge grass and of giant ryegrass. Grazing

of the city were "fiveacre lots to acfor cattle and the possibility of mowcommodate mechanics and artisans; next ing grass with scythes for hay were

beyond were tenacre lots1, followed by important factors in choosing the sites for forty and eighty acres, where farmers could settlement. Provo, for example, was moved

build and reside."in order to afford better facilities in these

By October, 1 1848, there had been 863 respects.

applications for allotments of various Utah territory between 1848 and 1861 sizes, amounting in total to 11.005 acres. constituted, in addition to the present area,

When Brigham Young arrived with his all of that part of Nevada which lies north emigrant train in the fall of 1848, he of Utah's southern boundary as well as urged settlers to fence, and accordingly all western Colorado and southwestern Wyothe farms were enclosed within one large ming east to the main ranges of the fence, the area being designated as "the Rockies. Utah had its present northern

big field."and southern boundaries and was 650 miles

Previously, however, in the fall of 1848. long from east to west. An effort to place

Thomas Grover decided to pasture his settlements throughout the western region stock for the winter on some grassy flats brought about the starting of settlements 12 miles north of Salt Lake City. Though in what is now Idaho, Wyoming, Arizona.

there were Indians nearby, Grover, joined Nevada and California.

by the others next spring, decided to reDuring the next few years population main there. Thus Centerville was founded, increased rapidly and settlement was exas an outlying tract suitable for grazing tended into all other important areas in

purposes. the present state of Utah. However, in

During the next five years, exploration 1856. Utah, with a population of about

and settlement were undertaken on a vigor25,000 people, was denied statehood. The

ous and farreaching scale. By 1852, oncoming Civil War precipitated the

there were colonies of settlers at Centerformation of the territory of Nevada from ville, Bountiful, Kaysville, Ogden, (the western Utah in March, 1861, two days site and buildings of which were purchased before the accession of Lincoln to the presfor about $3,000, from Miles M. Goodidency of the United States, Shortly

Nevada was to become a state and to enter 'Bancroft. H. H.. History of Utah, p. 285. on control of her land along with other

DEVELOPMENT OF GRAZING 247

rights of statehood, before which, however, any unoccupied ranges, at least in central

Utah was reduced to her present boundaries Utah. Sheep grazing developed a "tramp"

by two additions to Nevada in 1862, and aspect, as a result of which there was a 1868. one to Colorado in 1861, and two more or less frenzied struggle, especially

to Wyoming in 1863, and 1868. for early spring ranges. Five or six years

In 1868, Utah was reached by the teleof unremitting competition on crowded graph, and in 1869, by the Union Pacific ranges greatly reduced the vegetative cover.

railroad. By 1870, the Utah Central railIn regions where the intensity of overroad connected Salt Lake City with the grazing was cumulative, great areas of

transcontinental line at Ogden. Mines bare, dusty hillside replaced previously

were opened, settlements grew, and popuwell-covered forage areas. Spring freshets

lations increased. The census of 1880 came with sudden and augmented volume.

showed 9,542 farms in Utah including an Heavy summer showers poured down the area of 655,000 acres of which about gullies and flooded the neighboring farm 416,000 were cultivated. Alfalfa had belands and towns. For example, Manti.

come widespread and livestock had multiwhich had no serious flood before 1889, slied. The first Utah cattle were primarily experienced real difficulties in 1889, 1893,

grade Shorthorns. The overland emigrant 1901. and 1906. In 1904, the Manti

trains in '49 and the '50's traded weak and National Forest was organized and grazfootsore animals of high quality and good ing completely prohibited from 1905 to breeding for provisions. Thus Utah ob1909. In 1909 a heavy storm barely

tained good cattle far earlier than would flooded Manti, whose range had greatly otherwise have been the case. By 1885, recuperated under protection; whereas, unor soon thereafter, all the Utah ranges protected Ephraim canyon was seriously

were occupied. It is estimated that there eroded by the same storm.

were 160,000 cattle in Utah, largely of Between 1904 and 1907, the other

Shorthorn, of Devon, and of Hereford National Forests in Utah were all organstock in various crosses on Spanish Longized under National Forest protection. Prehorns, though these were never so promature spring grazing was guarded against,

portionately numerous in Utah as in the and proper distribution of livestock was surrounding regions, to the east, the south, encouraged. A few stockmen resented

and the west. control, but the majority were well pleased

Beginning about 1870, sheep began to to exchange the permit fees for greater be brought into the state in numbers, security and for a mending range. Forage

though there were a few herds, largely from convalescence was slow at first, but graduNew Mexico previous to that time. Spanish ally acquired momentum in which the

merinos were introduced from California progressive graziers could see more suband finewooled rams from Ohio. Longstantial prospects.

wooled animals came from Canada, Kentucky, and other parts. In 1883, there Importance of Grazing Industry in Utah

were about 450.000 sheep sheared, averaging probably 5 pounds to the fleece. Although Utah is thought of primarily

About onefourth of the wool was used as an irrigated state, the total land area locally by the "woolen factories."The utilized for irrigation in 1919 was only

remainder was export wool of fair quality. 1.3 71,000 acres', or 2.6 per cent of the

Since sheep were tax exempt, capital was area of the state. Dryfarming is also

rather freely invested, some of the largest usually thought of as an important conherds being in Cache Valley. A profit of tributing phase of agriculture, and yet

about 40 per cent was estimated for Cache somewhat less than 500,000 acres, or less

Valley sheep in 1883. Sheep were found than 1 per cent of the total area is so

generally throughout Utah, extending into utilized. Most of the remaining land is

the Rio Virgin area. used for grazing, there being perhaps 5

After about 1885. there no longer were million acres that is pure desert, bare rock.

248 IMPROVEMENT ERA

or inaccessible and rough slopes."Thus, equal or otherwise poor stocking practices:

approximately 45)4 million of Utah's and, 5iy2 million acres of land is used for graz- (5) injured forage, resultant on all of ing. This is about 86 per cent of the the four preceding factors.

;ntire land surface of the state. Barnes and Jardine, 3 estimated in 1916,

Much of this area is only partly used. that the carrying capacity of the public lands

The chief contributing causes to inadehad decreased to only about 50 per cent quate use are: of its original capacity. Erosion is further

(1) lack of accessible watering places; reducing this, as opposed to the controlled

grazing on the National Forests which has (2) lack of roads and trails; increased in carrying capacity during the

(3) lack of fences, corrals, and similar 20 years it has been under control.

improvements; The table helps to show the relative im-

(4) bad seasonal management and unportance of the grazing industry in Utah:

Table Summary of Land Tenure and Land Utilization in Utah

Tenure Acres Per Cent (about) Privately owned and state lands 9.000,000 18.0

National Forests 7,986,000 14.0

National monuments 90.000 0.2

Indian Reservations 847.000 1.6

Coal, mineral reserves, etc. 7,200,000 13.0

Unreserved public domain 26,782.000 51.0

Waste, (absolute desert, bare rough areas, bare rock.) 5.000,000 2.0

Total land area of state 52,597,760 100.0

Utilization Irrigated land 1,3 71.000 2.6

Dryfarmed land 500.000 1.0

National Forest (mostly used for grazing)- 7,986,000 14.0

Privately owned and stateowned grazing land 7,000.000 12.0

Coal and Mineral reserves (largely grazed) 7,200.000 13.0

Public domain (largely grazed) 26,872,000 44.0

Waste land, (desert, rough areas, bare rock, etc.). 5.000.000 9.5

Total used for grazing land 45.558.000 86.7

Since the most productive lands are dustries, the range livestock industry of farmed and the least productive grazed, Utah represents about 60 per cent of the whenever possible, the actual relative value total direct agricultural returns.

is better theof industry grazing shown An industry which uses exclusively 1 that in the fact of the value all cropsby

Utah is $26,603,000, whereas the value per cent of all land and perhaps 20 per of all the cattle is $14,521,000 and of cent of the product of the cultivated land, sheep $26,063,000, and wool $7,400,- and which in value is about 60 per cent 000. Of cattle 71,000 are dairy cattle. of the total agricultural product, deserves

These are fully dependent on the farming serious attention. The intricate problems

land, in addition to which about 5 per of livestock management, of forage prescent of the other cattle are so dependent. ervation, and of control of the land are

Hogs and poultry are also entirely dependinvolved. These three combined aspects

ent on farmed land. Thus, as measured form Utah's greatest single agricultural

in value of dependent agricultural inproblem.

This is variously estimated between W2 and 5 million acres.

3Barnes, Will C. and Jardine, J. L.. Livestock Production in Eleven Western States.'U. S.

A. Office Secretary Ret., 110, (1906), p. 12.

'Agricultural Census, 1925.

Messages from the Missions JUST A MISSIONARY

his head he stands; There to to uncovered Few ponder listen—some rushing throng! to the Shouting there rush More on by are, who

Struggling through the human current But the Elder goes on preaching

With his message and his song! Of the Plan of God on high!

His companion, staunch, beside him, He is burning with the message

Scatters tracts to those who pass; He has brought from Zion's door;

And the motley, human river And he pleads with those who listen,

Flows along, as smooth as glass! To repent, and sin no more!

Just a "Mormon"missionary, In a strange, unwelcome land!

But a man of strength and wisdom

Tutored by God's gracious hand!

Just a witness to the nations Of the gospel, now restored But a faithful, willing servant

Blessed and prospered of the Lord!

Elder Weston N. Nordgren.

Chapel Dedicated, West Virginia

This chapel was opened in Huntington, circumstances. We have approximately

Wesit Virginia on November 6, 1927, by fourteen hundred members, three large

President Henry H. Rolapp. It has been branches, six Sunday schools, and four

jjjfl \

|-*s". 5-sBB3IH-:i*m'Hit 'lfHHww"'11 ''rwm-'- *tB p fil

B9

leased for services by the Church. The primaries. The M. I. A. and the Relief

large number of people at the opening Society are organized in the three branches.

were impressed by the spirit manifest. We Auxiliary conferences were held in the

have three chapels in this district, 801

Penn. Ave., Charleston, 601 Sixth Ave., branches by Secretary Mark K. Allen and

Huntington, and at Verdunville. We reSister Lola R. Bradford, November 5-8.

joice that the three branches of this disSo far this year, we have had seventytwo trict are privileged to meet under such baptisms and thirtyfour blessings.

250 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Present at the opening of the chapel at Huntington, West Virginia: President Henry H.

Rolapp was the principal speaker. Front row, left to right: Harold G. Glade, president

of the West Virginia north district; Lewis T. Ellsworth, president of the West Virginia

south district: Henry H. Rolapp, president of the Eastern states mission: Mark K. Allen,

secretary of the Eastern states mission: Lola R. Bradford, president of the mission Relief

Societies: Leonard D. Bellamy. Second row: Blanch Cole: Mada Shelley; Vernon Davies;

Phyllis Palmer: A. J. D. Schetselaar. Third row: Antone K. Romney; Cora Gardner;

John W. Hubbard; Bessie Smith. Fourth row: Merle Kimball; D. E. Cluff; Ethel

Lenzi; Mason W. Davis: L. T. Dahl.

In FarAway Tonga The annual conference of the Tongan baptismal service was held at the seashore mission, President Jay A. Cahoon preon the 25th. at which three adult considing, was held September 2325, 1927. verts and two children were baptized.

The Church has organized districts and Monday, September 26, was spent in branches on three different groups of the sports, contests, and a social in the evening.

Tongan Islands, the Togatabu, Haapai, There are 1 1 missionaries in this mission, and Vavau groups. Each group consti- 9 elders, and President Cahoon and his

tutes a district, the Vavau district being wife. The elders have been engaged mostly

the most distant, 150 miles from mission thatheadquarters, Nukualofa. Transportation in building a home in Makeke. Now

between islands is done in small sail boats the manual labor is finished, they can give and provides very nondependable service more time to preaching the gospel. Rebecause of the wind being used for power. cently much success has been attained in

This mode of travel, however, does not gathering genealogy and names for bapprevent the Saints and elders from coming tism for the dead from the Saints and to conference. A good representation was outsiders, especially from the chiefs along

in attendance, also many investigators. A the lines of the kings of these islands. Few

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 25|

natives can speak English. Elders'meetings of Mormon is being translated by the

are the only meetings where English is elders, and we hope within a few years it spoken. The elders have certainly been will be printed, which will aid greatly

blessed in learning the native language. The the missionary labors in the Tongan

Bible is the only book printed in the native Islands. We have mail only once a month.

tongue. Hence the responsibility resting The Improvement Era aids us greatly in

upon the elders to reveal the contents of the our labors here and is very much appreSterling Cluff, mission secreother Church books to the natives in their ciated—C.

own tongue. Little by little the Book tary.

MISSIONARIES OF THE TONGAN MISSION

Sitting, left to right: Maurice W. Jensen, Byron, Wyoming, president Togatabu district:

Mrs. Ada B. Cahoon, president mission Relief Societies and Primaries; Mission President

Jay A. Cahoon, Leavitt, Alberta. Canada: Da Costa Clark, Provo, president Vavau district:

Orrin P. Fisher, Hillspring, Alberta, Canada, president Haapai district. Standing, left to

right: C. Sterling Cluff, Provo. mission secretary and bookkeeper; Fred W. Stone. Aberdeen.

Idaho, president Haalaufuli branch: Aldin C. Clines, Woolford, Alberta, Canada; Ralph

D. Olson, Brigham City, superintendent mission Sunday schools and Mua branch; J. Otto

Jensen. Bear River, president Pagai branch; Austin A. Carter, Santaquin, president Makekc

branch, school and church plantation.

In Handsworth Chapel, Birmingham

The theme, "Joseph Smith the Prophment of the Birmingham district elders et,"was developed most effectively in the during the past six months; of special note

Birmingham district conference in the was a record distribution of 146 copies

Sunday school session, on the morning of of the Book of Mormon. All the ciders

October 9. The young people displayed

present delivered discourses and bore testitheir talents through discourses, recitations and songs. President Heber J. Matkin. mony of the divine mission of Joseph

in the afternoon conference service called Smith. Sister May Booth Talmage and

attention to the praiseworthy accomplishElder Seth \V. Pixton were present from

252 IMPROVEMENT ERA

mission headquarters and delivered spirited the elders of this district. A favorable

addresses. Kindly accept our sincere thanks account of our conference was publishedand gratitude for the Improvement Era in the Birmingham Gazette.—Merrill

which is indeed a source of edification for Sandberg, district secretary.

$. % If*rf - f 'ff w, Or

Si, m m

Front row, left to right: La Von E. Payne: Seth W. Pixton. secretary of European missions:

May Booth Talmage, president of European missions Relief Society, and M. I. A.; Heber

J. Matkin, district president; Merrill Sandberg, district secretary. Back row: Laurence

Peterson; John P. Hopkinson; Alva L. Ritchie; Grant W. Wilde; Kenneth H. Smith;

Ezra M. Parry; R. LeRoy Fletcher; Rulon F. Thompson.

In the Zwickauer District, GermanAustrian Mission

During the last half of the month of ings at which we had present 23; 70;

July and the month of August, all the 135; and 19 friends respectively.

missionaries of this mission spent their During this time we traveled one week time entirely in the country districts, where without purse or scrip and were so wonthe message of the gospel had never before derfully blessed that we ate five meals been heard. The elders of the Zwickauer every day and were given a bed every

branch, are glad to report that we met night without having to ask. We had

with wonderful success and feel that our some wonderful experiences.

efforts will be of value and that the seeds The third day out was my birthday we sowed may bring forth fruit. and the entire morning was spent tracting

From the first of August until the first in a small town, called Rottenkirchen; we

of September, my companion, Matthias C. started out at eight in the morning, and

Richards, a new missionary just arrived having had only a very light breakfast, we from Zion, and myself, spent 178 hours became very hungry, but no one oftracting, gave out 3,358 tracts and bookfered us anything to eat. At about noon

lets, visited 43 friends for the first time, we decided that we would buy a few cakes', also visited 43 saints, and engaged in 165 so we entered the first bakery we came gospel conversations. With the help of to but we came out without having

other missionaries we held 5 cottage meetbought anything and Elder Richards, who

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 253

could not understand a word of German, When we left, the people invited us to was a bit out of patience with me because visit them again if we should ever come

I had not purchased something and I that way. It was a wonderful testimony

myself could not understand why I hadn't to us although it may appear to others done so, so we went on a short distance as an incident which might happen at and found another bakery; we went in any time. To us it was a testimony that

and were buying some cakes when the our efforts were accepted by the Lord and baker, an elderly man, entered and in a that his words are true where he promised very surprising manner spoke to us, shook to provide for his servants in the line of our hands and then without further words their duty and that he keeps his promises.

turned to me and asked me how old I was. We are very thankful for his manifestaIt took me so by surprise that I could tions and it is just one of the many which

not answer for a second and when I had we enjoyed on our trip through the counanswered him, I remembered that this day try.

happened to be my birthday. Then During the month of September, after

we began to explain the gospel to them; we had returned to our branches, we had

and being tired, I asked if we might sit a campaign to sell the Book of Mormon down while we ate our cakes and then we and we were successful in this branch in could converse further. To our surprise selling some 150 books. To advertise

they invited us into the next room where the campaign and to celebrate the hunwe were served a hot meal which tasted dredth anniversary of the coming forth of better to us than any meal we ever ate. the plates, we were also successful in havWe explained to them who we were, and ing an illustrated lecture and a very fine

what we were doing and the principles of program at which a short play taken from the gospel and gave our testimonies that the Book of Mormon was carried out.

God had again spoken to the people of We are expecting to reap a good harvest the earth and before we knew it we were from the work which has been going on served with the choicest of cakes and hot in this section of the mission.

chocolate. As we finished, several friends We have been working hard and withcame in to visit and we told them our the Saints here we are enjoying a wonstory, when more friends came and we

were again served. We spent almost the derful spirit. The future looks good and

entire afternoon there and explained the our greatest need here in the harvest field gospel the best we could to twelve persons. is harvest hands to gather the crop which

Although we were entire strangers in a is ripening fast.

strange land, the Lord arranged that we We enjoy the Era every month and wish should not suffer and saw fit to give me to express our hearty thanks for the same a real birthday party as is the custom in and hope and pray for your continued the land. success. Wesley Anderson.

Vienna Commemorates Delivering of Plates to Joseph Smith

On September 25, 1927, the nearest idents James E. Talmage and Hyrum W.

Sunday to the onehundredth anniversary Valentine. They gave inspiring sermons

of the bringing forth of the golden plates on the divinity of the Book of Mormon, by the Prophet Joseph Smith, a successful which we hope made a lasting impression conference was held in the Vienna district, in the hearts of many new investigators of the GermanAustrian mission. A Book of the gospel. The attendance of new

of Mormon campaign wals inaugurated friends was perhaps greater than ever bethroughout the GermanAustrian mission fore in Vienna. The missionaries in turn,

during September and the subject was also gave earnest testimonies of the divine chosen as our conference theme. Speakers origin of the Book of Mormon. Reeves

of the conference included mainly PresBaker, president, Vienna district.

Missionaries, left to right, first row: Thomas Biesinger, Salt Lake City; President James

E. Talmage; President Hyrum W. Valentine. GermanAustrian mission, Brigham City, Utah:

Reeves V. Baker, president Vienna district, Boulder, Utah. Top row: James Lewis

McCarrey, Richmond: Clark T. Robinson, Beaver; W. Lee Davis, president Vienna branch;

Brigham City. Utah; Merrel Cook. Paris. Idaho, Harold Gale Hancock, president Linz

branch. Salt Lake City; Johann Hausmann, Dresden, Germany.

The New Mission President for Sweden

Elder Gideon N. Hulterstrom has sucstrom and his wife and child left for his

ceeded Andrew Johnson as president of the field of labor on November 11, 1927,

Swedish mission of the Church of Jesus expecting to sail from New York on the

Christ of Latterday Saints. Elder Hultersteamer Oscar II, November 1 7 for Stockholm. This is his second appointment as

mission president of Sweden. He was

born in Orebro, Sweden, October 31, 1885, and joined the Church June 30, 1894, coming to Salt Lake City in 1902, and this is his third mission, the first being in 1908, the second in 1920. While

on his second mission he acted as conference president of the Stockholm conference and later as mission secretary and writer for the mission Nordstjarnan, and when Elder Isaac P. Thunell was

released, Nov. 10, 1922, he was appointed

president of the Swedish mission, which position he held until he was released July 29, 1923. In the Ensign stake of Zion,

Elder Hulterstrom labored as home missionary, and he also acted as counselor in the

Swedish organization. He was set apart

for this latter work by President Hugh J.

Cannon being released from that position on August 17, 1927. He was ordained

a seventy July 19,1927 by Rulon S.

Wells. He has also labored as Sunday

school teacher and as a member of the presidencies in priesthood quorums and in other capacities.

D1T0

Courtship and Marriage these respects. They have the word of

God upon the subject. They have the

"Whoso forbiddeth to marry is not orvision of the eternal marriage covenant dained of God, for marriage is ordained of and the glory of the everlasting home.

unto man."God—A.

shalt love thy wife with all thy "Thou Marriage heart, and shalt cleave unto her and none else."After the article by Elder B. H. Roberts

"He that looketh upon a woman to lust on Marriage was written and sent to press, after her shall deny the faith, and shall not the author sent to the Era office the folhave the spirit.""He hath committed lowing paragraph for insertion, but unadultery already in his heart."fortunately the article was already printed,

"I give unto you a commandment, that and we give it place here:

ye suffer none of these things to enter into "In view of the Eternity of the Maryour heart."riage Covenant by the Church of the

"It is better that ye should deny yourLatter-day Saints, no people more approselves of these things, * * * than that priately may use the wedding ring in the ye should be cast into hell."marriage ceremony. The circle is the most

Adultery and harlotry "are an abominaperfect of geometrical figures; the symbol

tion in the sight of the Lord; yea, most of completeness and of eternity. Let it be

abominable above all sins save it be the with us the sign and symbol of the pershedding of innocent blood, or denying the manence and the eternity of the marriage

Holy Ghost,"both unpardonable sins, covenant."

when committed "against the light and

Books knowledge of God."

Marriage is a holy sacrament, and, with A very timely volume of some 550 pages the Latterday Saints, it is an eternal and over has just been issued from the covenant. It is the foundation of hapDeseret News press, entitled, An Introducpiness, the cornerstone of home. Men and tion to the Study of the Book of Mormon,

women may well take warning against by J. M. Sjodahl, associated with Elder

committing indiscretions against the purity Hyrum M. Smith in the compilation of

of relations between the sexes, in both the Doctrine and Covenants Commentary, courtship and marriage. Pure actions must and at present editor of The Associated

lie at the foundation of this most sacred Newspapers. Elder Sjodahl is well known

association of Era, many of whom life—marriage—and the to the readers of the

in the past years his conmost holy institution of mankind—the have enjoyed

home. tributions to this magazine on the subject

The riot of evil inclinations, and pasof the Book of Mormon, There are sions without restraint, personal liberty twenty chapters, the last chapter is a colso-called, subtlely advocated by some lection of some of the fundamental rewriters, must be curbed and brought under ligious doctrines of the Book of Mormon subjection. These evils are threatening to which, in reality, lie at the foundation of

disrupt married life and to destroy the the faith of the Latterday Saints. Stuhome. They will not bring happiness. dents will find interpreted in this volume

They must be sacrificed to insure the commany striking passages which appear in the ing of joy and real gladness in the heart. sacred record, also explanations of prophLatter-day Saint young people have the ecies and illuminating answers to questions

opportunity to be a light to the world in that arise in its study. It treats on the

256 IMPROVEMENT ERA

geography of the Book of Mormon. It literature of the Church, and should find a

touches the religious concepts, theories and place in every library, and on every readfacts concerning the traditions, myths, ing table in the land.

legends,—-the Pueblos,etc., ofthetheCliffvariousDwellers,Indianandtribesthe book,Presidentsays toHeberthe J.author:Grant, writing"You areof enthe

Mound Builders. To the reader of this titled to the gratitude of the 'Mormon'

book, the perusal and study of the Book people for the immense amount of labor of Mormon will become a pleasure and dewhich you have given to the production light. It is a valuable contribution to the of this valuable volume/'

Authority as a Universal Principle

By Elder Joseph Fielding Smith, of the Council of the Twelve

The heavens declare the glory of God; and able are they unto man, but all things are

the firmament sheweth his handiwork. numbered unto me, for they are mine

speech, and night day uttereth unto Day and I know them. * * And as one knowledge. sheweth nightunto

There is no speech nor language where their earth shall pass away, and the heavens shall another come; andvoice is not heard.—Psalms 19:1-3. thereof, even so

there is no end to my works, neither to

Authority is an eternal principle opmy words."

erative throughout the universe. To the

"utmost bounds"of space all things are The Lord showed the stars to Abraham governed by law emanating from the Lord through the aid of Urim and Thummim, our God. On Kolob and other giant and Abraham wrote of them: "And I

governing stars and in the tiny electron, saw the stars, that they were very great, infinitesimally small, and of which all and that one of them was nearest unto the things are composed, divine authority is throne of God; and there were many

manifest in the form of immutable law. great ones which were near unto it; and

All space is filled with matter and that the Lord said unto me; These are the

matter is controlled and directed by an governing ones."

AllWise and Omniscient Creator who From these scriptural references we "Comprehendeth all things, and all things learn that the controlling authority in the are before him, and all things are round universe is vested in God; that his auabout him; and he is above all things, and thority is manifest in all things both great

in all things, and is through all things, and small. In a revelation to Joseph

and is round about all things; and all Smith the Lord said: "All kingdoms have

things are by him, and of him, even God, a law given, and there are many kingdoms;

forever and ever. And again, verily I say for there is no space in the which there is

unto you, he hath given a law unto all no kingdom; and there i9 no kingdom in

things, by which they move in their times which there is no space, either a greater and their seasons."Doc. and Cov. 88: or a lesser kingdom."The significance of

4142. this expression we could not understand

To Moses the Lord said: "And worlds before the very recent discoveries in the

without number have I created; and I also field of science pertaining to the atom,

created them for mine own purpose; and electrons, protons, and the ether of the

by the Son I created them, which is mine universe. The probabilities are that we

Only Begotten. * * But onVy an do not understand it now; except in small

account of this earth and the inhabitants degree, and that future revelations will thereof, give I unto you, for, behold, there add to the lustre of this wonderful truth are many worlds that have passed away in relation to the composition of the by the word of my power. And there universe and the controlling laws by which

are many that now stand, and innumerit is governed.

AUTHORITY AS A UNIVERSAL PRINCIPLE 257

On this point, one of the world's know this otherwise and indirectly. It is.

greatest scientists has said: however, common knowledge, now, that matis ter built electric of minute charges, up both interstellar interplanetary and vast "The negative positive, called are and which electrons regarded as waste be longer will regions no

is It protons. also these that elecknown * * find and shall universe. in places the We

tric are units that so they extremely minute this full wonderful already of to be them medium (ether): so full that no human power are separated from one another like the planets

can remove it from the smallest portion of in the solar system. The greater part of the

space, or produce the slightest flaw in its atom is empty space, just like the sky on a infinite continuity."Clerk Maxwell. small scale."

Sir Oliver Lodge, in his valuable little work, Ether and Reality, speaking of the I quote these sayings merely to point composition of matter, says: out the fact that the scientist today is confirming what the Lord said to Joseph

"That is one of the first things to realize Smith in relation to the universe: "All

about matter: there are great gaps between kingdoms have a law given; and there are

its particles.

"You may say, That is all very many kingdoms: for there is no space in

well for the sky and the stars and planets; but the which there is no kingdom; and there

what about the earth? What about a piece is no kingdom in which there is no space,

of rock, or furniture, or any solid subject? either a greater or a lesser kingdom."

to the particles say that mean Do you of a How wonderfully this is confirmed by the separated, like widely that are with great body spaces between them in proportion to their astronomer who studies and charts the size, and that a straight line might penetrate stars of the universe; and how equally

them deeply without encountering a particle? wonderful it is confirmed by the scientist

* microscope, I do: Yes however * * No

powerful, less can who divides and examines the substance can us an atom, still show it show us how an atom is composed and of the atom. All is subject to the direchow far apart its ultimate particles are: we tion and control of the Eternal Father.

All matters pertaining to the Aaronic Priesthood, under this heading are prepared under the direction of the Presiding Bishopric

Weekly Ward Priesthood Meetings

In view of the proposed change in the not be the progress that there should be.

priesthood quorum or class meetings, beTo secure such training and performance ginning January 1, 1928, whereby the by the members of the Aaronic Priesthood, gospel lessons will be taken out of these it is found that weekly meetings, proclasses and taught in the Sunday Schools, perly directed, and devoted to these purit is desirable that all bishops should sense poses, produce the best results.

the importance of continuing the weekly There are, in fact, certain priesthood ward priesthood meetings, and applying the activities affecting all of the wards, under time available to the training and acthe direction of the bishoprics, that need tivities of the members of the Priesthood. frequent, systematic attention. They are:

The Priesthood is the very foundation (a) the important work of ward teachupon which the Church is built, as also ing, and (b) the training and activity of the framework which supports the strucall members of the Aaronic Priesthood in ture. It is the most potent means of real their individual and quorum capacities.

service. Unless the quorums of the PriestIt is therefore urged, that the weekly

hood generally are trained and active in ward priesthood meeting, modified to conthe performance of their duties, their canform to these conditions, and consequently 258 IMPROVEMENT ERA

shortened in time, be regularly held. The and a booklet of instructions is now being

halfhour required should be devoted to prepared. This will amplify the advices

these two most important matters'. Letalready given and indicate the program

ters of information outlining these purfor the entire year of 1928.

poses and detailing the mode of procedure, have already been sent to all bishoprics, The Presiding Bishopric.

Promoting Attendance of the Aaronic Priesthood

By Manton Moody, Deseret Stake

(At the Bishops'meeting, October 8. 1927.)

In all the stakes of Zion there are a it naturally follows that a great percent certain number who attend their priestof those who have been inactive will come hood meetings regularly. It is not with to priesthood meeting. We cannot overthose that our problem lies, but with stress the value of assignments.

those who are habitually or frequently I think, also, that outings have a great absent from priesthood meeting. Some deal to do with successful attendance of

means must be devised whereby we can the boys at their regular priesthood meetbreak the trend of inactivity and get the ing. In August at our regular monthly

boys who have been totally inactive, or or Union stake priesthood meeting we practically so, to attend priesthood meethad an increase of attendance of the Lesser ings, for it is here they get spiritual food, priesthood of about 800%, due to the so essential. fact that the stake committee had visited

We may put it under two heads: first, all the wards in the stake and had informed

getting nonattendants to attend; and the boys that an outing was to take place

second, to keep them coming after they after that meeting. As a result there was

once attend. One of the chief things to an increase of attendance from about 18

stimulate interest and get attendance is to 127 members of the Lesser Priesthood.

the attitude shown by the bishoprics in This remarkable increase I am sure, was the wards toward their boys. It has been due to the outing planned for the boys.

stated that the bishops do not have time Similar outings may be planned for the to visit each boy personally. But I sugboys in the wards with like success.

gest that when you meet a boy, whether As to keeping the boys after you once he is active or not, that you encourage get them to meeting: a man will not rehim in some way, as a kind word of greetturn to a well if he finds it empty. So, if

ing will go a long way to get him to come the boys who have been neglectful in their to priesthood meeting. Boys like to be attendance at meeting, find when they

noticed. That is natural. I am sure come that there is nothing that they are

notice from the bishopric will help to interested in, they will not return. Therebring them to priesthood meeting. I before, the problem of interest must be

lieve that assignment promotes attendsolved. If you solve this you solve the

ance. It is a fact, the records of our problem of attendance. We feel that the

stake show, that 90% of the priests who bishopric and ward supervising committee were given assignments filled them. Also

select should the very best boys'they men the teachers, of the90% and 96% of have in to teach the Lesser the ward Priestfilleddeaqtons their"assignments. This

can mix withbeing the case, we should never fail giving hood classes,—men who

the boys something to do. Assign them the boysT and still hold their dignity. We

duties and they will fill them. If boys cannot meet with much success by giving

are appointed to visit members who are not threeminute talks as outlined for the in the habit of attending meetings, and bishops in the respective classes of the 96% of these boys fill the assignments, Lesser Priesthood quorums. So, I urge

a

PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS 259

that the bishoprics give their talk every Parents should not have to drive the boys

Sunday morning, or whenever they conto priesthood meeting. They should be

vene for their priesthood work. It will given something when they get there that

go a long way in encouraging the boys. will draw them back.

Field Notes Aaronic Priesthood, Yale Ward, Liberty During October, Maricopa stake showed

Stake: Efforts are being made in this the highest attendance in the Church. As

ward to account for every member of the an instance of the efforts put forth, the

Priesthood. Weekly quorum meetings are stake presidency, upon learning that three

held of each grade of the Priesthood, and wards did not show an increase in October, on the first Sunday of the month, all of assigned two high councilors to these the members meet together for fortyfive wards, and later visited them also, with minutes. At the meeting held Sunday, the result of increased attendance. PresiDecember 4, under the direction of the dent J. R. Price reports that one of the

ward supervisors, there were 28 priests, wards, prior to the effort, had not been 26 teachers, and 30 deacons present,—very active, but since then has taken on

total of 84. After the opening prayer, new life in every organization. The renew members were welcomed. Special sult of this priesthood attendance contest

activities of the priests, teachers, and 'the is evident in the increased attendance at two deacons'quorums, for the month of Sacrament and other meetings. A number

November were presented by the officers of families have become interested in church of the quorums. work that were apparently dormant preIt was shown that the priests had viously.

functioned 100% in the administration of the Sacrament. Letters had been sent Aaronic Priesthood Convention, Nebo

to all missionaries in the field, thereby Stake: In connection with the stake conmaintaining contact with former memference an Aaronic priesthood convention

bers of the priests'quorum. Closing was held at Payson, Saturday evening.

prayer in Sunday School had been ofSeptember 1 7, under the direction of the fered by one of the teachers each Sunday. stake Aaronic priesthood committee. There

Effective ward teaching had been done, was an attendance of approximately 350, and the ward maintenance fund collected. of which about 100 were members of the

A letter had been prepared by one of the Aaronic priesthood, the remainder being supervisors and sent to an absent member parents and others. An excellent program

in California, urging him to activity in of quorum songs, and talks by members the branch where he resides. It was shown of the priesthood, was rendered. The

that whenever a priest has been ordained stake committee are actively engaged in an elder, and called on a mission, some organizing throughout the stake in acsmall present has been given him at his cordance with the plans of the Presiding farewell party, on behalf of the priests'Bishopric.

quorum. Maricopa Stake: With the approval of

Detailed instructions were given rethe stake presidency, Bishop Tiffany of garding Sacrament administration by Chairthe Papago ward and Elder Santeo, an man J. A. Rockwood, of the supervisors, Indian missionary, took two ciders and

followed by short talks by Elder Guy four priests with them to the Gila River

C. Wilson, and Presiding Bishop SylIndian Reservation, where they visited

vester Q. Cannon. every house in San Tan, Casa Broncho.

Snake Town, and Black River. They

Maricopa Stake Ward Priesthood Meetspent eight days and held meetings every ings: Special efforts are being made in all night. The reports of the priests who

of the wards of this stake to increase the took part in this activity are very enattendance at weekly priesthood meetings. thusiastic.

What to do in January The officers who have in charge the a view to making the monthly joint proreading course and the joint Fast day evegram popular in the ward. Stake officers

ning meetings are asked to encourage comwill see that their tentative program is pliance with the following requests: distributed among the association officers

1. Secure the reading, during January, as a guide for the proceedings in the monthof at least one book by each member of ly meetings.

the association. The books have un- 4. Ascertain if the officers of the assodoubtedly already been selected from the ciation appointed to select the number and

recommended list, as published in the kinds of books from the list published on "Year Round Program."(See Era, July. page 10 in the "Year Round Program"

1927, p. 835.) Make record of the books have made and advertised the selection.

read, and give opportunities for two or These books should be on hand for the three short reviews, before the association, members to read.

of the books selected. The special recreation event for the year

2. Every officer of each stake and assois the Gold and Green ball which, if conciation is asked to finish the reading of venient, should be given in January.

the Book of Mormon, and report as havBeauty, art, culture, and good order, ing done so, as an example to the memshould combine to make it a glorious event.

bers. Emphasize the slogan: We stand It should fit into the general yearround

for a fuller knowledge of the Book of recreation program of the stake or ward,

Mormon, and a testimony of its divine and should be presented on some night origin. other than Tuesday. For suggestions for

3. Encourage attendance at the January this big social event see the "Year Round

Fast Sunday evening joint meeting, with Program,"page 23.

M. I. A. Students from Japan

Elder Alma O. Taylor has received the bers of the Church with whom Dr. F. S.

pleasant information from the M. I. A. Harris, president of the B. Y. U., became

officers in Japan, and transmits it to the acquainted on the occasion of his visit to

Era, that Takeo Fujiwara, a member of Japan a year ago. Brother Fujiwara says

the Y. M. M. I. A. of Sapporo, Japan, he expects two more Japanese Saints from

arrived in Utah, October 30, 1927, and Sapporo shortly after New Year. They

has entered the B. Y. U. at Provo as a also expect to enter the B. Y. U.

student. He is one of the young mem-

M Men and Gleaner Girls, California

We have received No. 4, Volume II, of paper is characteristic of California pep. of

the Messenger, the official organ of the which the M Men of these stakes have

M Men and the Gleaner Girls'association evidently imbibed to the full. Success to

of Los Angeles and Hollywood stakes. the "M"Messenger and to the M Men

Among other live matter, it contains an and Gleaner Girls'association of Los account of the Hollywood stake Jubilee, Angeles and Hollywood stakes. We can

held on Saturday. November 19, the birthscarcely keep up with them, but will apday party of the organization. Over 700 plaud vpcifereusly from the faroff.

people met to dine, toast, and dance. The

MUTUAL WORK 261

Slogan Cards Distributed

The Y. M. M. I. A. of the First ward, people and numerous requests have been

Raymond, Alberta, Canada, has issued a made for extra copies to be sent to friends card containing a complete list of the M. all over the world. The officers of the

I. A. Slogans and presented a copy to association are: N. Lorenzo Mitchell,

every family in the ward on the occasion president, W. Meldrum, first counselor,

of the annual membership drive. The S. E. Low, second counselor, Ross Ancards were very much appreciated by the derson, secretary and treasurer.

A Chance to Study Leadership Leadership Week will be held at the Thursday, "Joy Through Intellectual UnBrigham Young University, January 23 to foldment;"Friday, "Joy Through Serv27 inclusive, it is announced by the Exice to Others."Departments are planning

tension Division. The central theme for courses in the following: Education for

the week is "Man's Quest for Joy,"which Moral Growth; Methods in Religious

is adapted from the Book of Mormon Teaching; Recreation; Genealogy; Social

statement: "Man is that he might have Welfare; Man and the Universe; Creative

joy."Since this is Book of Mormon year Writing; Music; Art Appreciation;

in the Church, the theme is very approDrama; Health; Literature; The Home;

priate. It is designed that various subScouting; Farm Problems; Psychology;

themes will be considered on the various History; and other subjects. As usual the

days of the week. On Monday the theme program is free to all, and an effort is made

suggested is, "SelfMastery;"on Tuesday, to provide something worthwhile for

"SelfRealization;"on Wednesday, "Joy everyone who might come.

Through Living the Religious Life;"

Winner in the OneAct Play Contest

The committee who considered the in the manuscripts, in both subject matter manuscripts of the Improvement Era oneand thought, over those submitted in preact play contest chose "The Invisible vious years. The Era returns thanks to all

Hand,"by Ira N. Hayward, Cedar City, who took part in the contest and invites

Utah, as the winning play. There were them to try again in the new contest which

45 plays and many of them very creditable. soon will be announced for 1928.

It is encouraging to see the improvement

South Davis Stake M. I. A.

The presentation of Gaul's Oratorio, contralto: Howard Frazee, tenor, and

"The Holy City,"under the direction of Hugh W. Dougall. baritone, all of Salt

the South Davis stake M. I. A. Committee Lake City. William Holmes, stake choron Recreation, with the cooperation of ister for the Y. M. M. I. A., was music

the choirs of the stake, at the Bountiful director: Ida K. Thomas, stake chorister

Tabernacle. Friday, November 25, was no for the Y. L. M. I. A., organist, and

doubt the biggest and most successful thing Leander T. Thompson, pianist. Robert

in the field of music yet undertaken in A. Stelter, chairman of stake recreation

the stake. The Tabernacle and adjoining committe. was business manager, and H.

recreation hall was filled to capacity. The Tharon Salter, secretary. The successful

chorus consisted of 150 choir and Mutual rendition of the Oratorio was made posmembers and the orchestra of 28 local sible by the hearty cooperation of the and Salt Lake artists. The soloists were entire community. Geo. A. B. Mclntyre,

Mary Pierce, soprano; Annette Richardson, stake superintendent, Y- M- M- I- A-

262 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Y. M. M. I. A. Statistical Report, November, 1927

o o o "3 c 3 J 9 *, STAKE to u n < 5 c ca Wc C/3O a c B 3 1 E j w Sc—c "C O "$ O "1 > 1.2 1 c 1

i-i V) UJ UJ UJ u O < * < < 3 z < j *o< h oh <

Alpine |1000 118 |13|124 i 141 [227 1304 796 | 86 | 89 1 93 | 166 1434

Box Elder 757 13 13|120 196 227 29|226 798 103 116 137 20 139 515 567 8 8 87 83 105 201208 503 69 53 52 20 148 34 547 6 3l 29 54 26 71 4fi 162 21 36 13 7 46 173

Deseret 521 12 11 96 177 112 22 131 538 69 105 82 15 88 359

Emery 506 9 5 31 34 75 120 260 21 27 51 90 189

Ensign 958 8 8 79 178 209 83 289 838 75 125 142 46 186 574 1100 9 9 92 114 247 122 296 871 77 72 173 77 238 637 1400 14 13 130 150 283 97 376 1036 108 102 188 70 286 754 879 7 7 451 77 60 71 253 33 46 35 50 164

Hyrum. 500 10 7 69 74 54 37 100 334 47 41 30 29 73 220

222 6 4 37 23 10 20 90 25 19 10 20 74

Liberty. 1435 12 12 113 248 281 147 377 1166 91 176 178 111 264 820

595 11 7 68 75 124 13 199 479 53 42 71 8 149 373

Millard 344 8 5 31 43 72 62 208 28 26 47 55 156 700 8 8 71 86 103 35 152 447 59 56 65 21 109 310 454 9 9 63 81 119 11 195 439 45 40 54 9 138 786

North Davis. 456 7 7 60 51 101 144 356 51 31 56 94 232

North Sanpete 710 10 10 77 88 151 4 212 532 59 63 82 3 140 347 264 6 4 24 36 25 4 40 129 20 29 18 3 31 101 640 13 12 78 22 109 14 163 385 59 15 64 10 117 765 876 11 11 100 123 200 65 284 772 82 65 119 37 186 489

Oquirrh. 497 6 6 60 66 70 20 138 354 52 39 45 12 75 223

767 10 9 74 74 169 36 214 567 58 42 106 23 129 358 330 12 12 79 128 65 25 106 403 47 80 31 17 66 741

St. George 680 14 14 114 162 165 47 217 705 85 97 84 40 138 444

Salt Lake 1090 13 13 135 145 239 22 340 881 108 96 145 20 251 620 526 8 8 74 95 183 204 556 63 51 136 178 478 330 8 3 25 21 20 8 53 127 19 22 11 6 30 88 467 11 10 65 44 88 13 107 317 44 39 68 5 79 735

Tintic 271 5 2 38 79 16 18 100 251 5 8 6 11 7 37

Tooele 400 9 5 36 55 67 4 118 280 31 55 28 2 83 199 415 10 10 75 105 116 22 146 464 60 66 70 22 98 316 392 9 5 36 45 48 105 234 30 23 33 8 63 149 715 9 9 82 77 114 11 191 475 64 42 68 117 799 232 7 5 30 48 21 44 143 26 27 20 30 103 365 11 10 75 85 81 112 353 51 56 44 73 774

Burley 288 30 30 17 14 27 118 17 16 7 10 13 63 154 6 6 49 55 44 8 42 198 31 49 17 2 30 179 424 11 6 63 51 34 28 65 241 30 37 26 6 121 774 662 14 14 122 196 157 22 167 664 89 152 115 25 107 488 160 7 4 614 12 10 85 140 89 20 951 429 57 81 46 13 48 745

Malad 335 7 7 66 74 72 133 345 45 35 50 81 711 552 10 10 101 134 145 33| 183 596 81 75 88 15 127 386

Rigby 516 13 8 91 131 68 33 72 395 68 84 37 15 41 245

Shelley 315 9 9 87 84 72 104 347 59 39 35 55 188 211 7 1 73 26 24 17 7 97 14 16 12 9 31 8?

216 5 V 24 46 30 24 124 22 26 21 22 91 370 10 9 60 93 66 54 273 53 69 44 41 707

Alberta. 4061 10 9 90 121 107 46 103 4671 62 52 82 24 75 795

318 6 5 36 90 73 1 44 241 25 47 39 30 151 359 10 10 86 1151 175 18| Q3 487 70 85 128 17 68 368 223| 9 6 77 73| 64 631 20 297| 61 57 54 54 12 738

MUTUAL WORK 263

C

O o o o '5 a 0. eM a c/5 cs -a 2 in OS M o n W T3 S g 5 c < ** r o c 5 f R R 2 S C 1 - 3 c *o

f-H, c/3 tU - UJ /. < 1 < 14 O o o 2 <-5 <K <> < "c <2 h Los Angeles..... 420 8 8 85 K)2 172 88 447 58 90 69 356

Lyman. 199 7 7 46 78 61 12 115 312 38 58 6 75 212

Maricopa 430 8 8 76 95 111 12 166 460 62 74 9 127 343

Moapa 246 9 5 47 52 65 9 56 229 37 32 6 38 158

San Francisco 3 67 10 8 56 89 78 30 253 43 59 26 182

Snowflake.. 290 11 6 35 54 36 35 31 191 28 30 28 18 124

Star Valley... 365 11 9 91 63 80 14 92 340 49 32 9 40 164

Union 200 6 4 45 33 38 25 32 173 30 25 20 25 135

Woodruff...... 325 6 6 49 84 55 5 50 243 35 48 2 33 41

California Mission... 415 23 18[104| 1 29 811 551 385 86 113 13 391 303

East Jordan 554 10 8 73| 75 158| ISO] 486 7 6 1 33

West Jordan 425 7 7 61 105 161 164 517 52 75 17|132 391

Y. M. M. I. A. Efficiency Report, November, 1927

M

ts. s w

Alpine 5 7 8 8 3 I 10 4 I 10 6 I 71

Box Elder. 9 10 9 8 8 I 10 10 I 92

Cache 7 10 9 7 4 7 8 I 10 10 I 82

Carbon 8 10 7 4 5 10 I 10 10 i 69

Deseret 7 9 10 7 9 8 5 I 7 7 I 79

Emery 7 4 5 5 5 2 5 I 4 4 I 46

Ensign 7 10 10 9 7 7 I 7 I 10 10 I 87

Granite 7 10 10 10 6 4 I 9 I 10 10 I 86

Grant 10 10 10 10 3 10 I 4 10 10 85

Gunnison 6 10 9 9 7 9 I 8 I 9 9 I 81

Hyrum I 10 6 4 4 3 5 I 5 i 7 6 I 57

Kanab.. 8 6 7 1 6 6 5 7 50

Liberty 10 10 10 10 8 8 8 10 10 93

Logan 7 10 10 6 6 7 8 10 9 83 Millard. 8 6 5 5 4 5 5 5 4 56

Mount Ogden 9 10 10 10 10 10 8 10 10 93

Nebo 7 10 10 8 4 4 5 10 9 77 North Davis. 9 10 7 7 9 9 9 9 85

North Sanpete 10 10 8 9 8 5 8 8 83

North Sevier. 10 5 7 4 2 3 8 5 60

North Weber - 7 7 5 6 8 7 9 9 71

Ogden 10 10 9 8 9 10 10 10 89 Oquirrh 10 8 7 6 7 8 10 10 84 Pioneer 8 5 8 7 6 2 7 9 68 Roosevelt 6 2 2 8 8 8 9 8 67 St. George 10 10 9 9 I 8 6 9 77

Salt Lake 10 7 9 8 9 8 9 10 South Davis. 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10

South Sevier. 3 4 3 3 2 4 4 4

264 IMPROVEMENT ERA

c M

o s a STAKE K-o S Sc C ll UJ Summit 10 6 5 8 9 8 10 77 Tintic 10 10 9 5 5 58 Tooele 5 3 3 5 6 5 4 51 Uintah 9 9 7 7 8 7 9 81 Wasatch 6 6 3 3 4 6 2 48 Weber 10 10 10 5 5 10 10 85 Bannock 2 3 2 4 5 5 5 42 Bear Lake. 9 3 7 8 6 7 7 67

Burley 3 10 2 10 7 7 8 65 Cassia 10 5 8 9 8 10 10 83 Franklin 9 9 6 10 9 10 7 83 Fremont 10 10 8 10 10 10 10 93

Idaho 8 7 3 8 9 8 1078 Idaho Falls. 7 6 4 7 5 8 7 63

Malad 10 10 10 10 8 10 10 92 Pocatello 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 95

Rigby 5 8 6 6 7 8 5 63 Shelley 10 6 7 8 9 9 8 79 Teton 4 3 2 3 2 4 2 35 Twin Falls 10 8 5 6 2 8 10 69 Yellowstone 8 6 7 6 9 8 7 70 Alberta 9 6 5 8 9 9 9 83 Big Horn 10 10 5 6 5 6 8 74 Hollywood.. 10 10 10 9 9 10 10 96

Lethbridge 10 10 9 7 6 10 10 89

Los Angeles 10 10 7 9 9 10 10 93

Lyman 10 10 7 8 8 9 8 87 Maricopa 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 96

Moapa 6 6 1 5 10 10 5 6 70 San Francisco 8 4 7 4 5 8 7 65

Snowflake. 4 3 5 4 3 5 5 49

Star Valley 6 3 6 6 6 7 6 60 Union 10 5 5 7 3 10 10 75 Woodruff.... 10 10 5 6 9 8 9 81

California 9 7 7 8 9 10 10 85 East Jordan 8 7 3 4 8 6 7 61 West Jordan 10 7 5 6 4 10 10 79

Note—The wards reporting, in the 65 stakes reported, totalled 509 out of a possible

619. The following 29 stakes reported all their wards: Box Elder. Cache. Ensign, Granite.

Gunnison. Liberty. Mt. Ogden. Nebo. North Davis. North Sanpete. Ogden. Oquirrh, Roosevelt,

St. George. Salt Lake. South Davis, Uintah, Weber, Cassia, Fremont, Malad, Pocatello, Shelley.

Hollywood, Los Angeles, Lyman, Maricopa. Woodruff. West Jordan. A number of the stakes,

as will be seen from the reports, approached closely to the one hundred mark in activities The total enrollment in the 65, out of 99, stakes reported is 26,842, and the total average attendance is 17,862 for the month of November.

New Superintendents T. Roy Pickett was appointed superinintendent is 415 Fifth Street, Idaho Falls.

tendent of the Y. M. M. I. A. of the Idaho Hyrum S. Evans, Burley, Idaho, was

Falls stake, at a conference held November appointed superintendent of the Y. M. M.-

12 and 13. 1927. Rolph C. Wold, was I. A., Burley stake, at the November con-,

released, The address of the new superference, vice, Loren Lewis, released.

EVENT

Colonel Charles A. Lindbergh arrived in the Nebraska, which declared him ineligible for

Val Buena flying field. City of Mexico, at membership in the Senate. Mr. Vare did not

2:39 p. m.. December 14. 1927, after having even attempt to leave his seat. Their case will

been 27 hours and 10 minutes in the air. from probably occupy the Senate for some time.

Washington. His arrival was delayed some In the House. James M. Beck of Philadelbecause he lost direction at Tampico. and phia (Rep.), elected to succeed Mr. Vare, was

had to circle about before he located the challenged by Representative Garret (Dem.).

Mexican copital. He was received by a on the ground that he is not, it is alleged, a

crowd numbering from 25.000 to 30.000 legal resident of Pennsylvania. He was perpeople. He proceeded at 2:50 to the stand, mitted to take the oath of office, but the

where he was greeted by President Calles and House afterwards adopted a motion for an inthe American Ambassador Morrow Colonel vestigation of Beck's case by a committee.

Lindbergh undertook the trip at the invitation President Coolidge, in his message to Conof the president of Mexico. It is hoped that gress, which was read on Dec. 6. 1927, states

his visit will result in the strengthening of the that all is well in the country. We have peace

bonds of friendship between the two countries. and enjoy unprecedented prosperity. Our national debt has decreased from $26,000,000,-

The Dearborn Independent, Mr. Ford's 000 to $19,975,000,000, and the annual inpaper, expired Dec. 26, 1927. The magazine terest has. consequently decreased from $1.-

once had an announced circulation of 700.000. 055,000.000 to $670,000,000. but notwithRather than sell it. Mr. Ford ordered the standing this there can be no reduction in the

magazine to refuse further subscriptions. The taxes beyond the figure proposed by Secretary

Dearborn Independent was purchased by Mr. Mellon. One reason for this, as may be

Ford in 1919. gathered from the Presidential message, is the

James Jackson Woodruff, a son of the late need of money for flood control; another is

President passed Wilford Woodruff, away in onthe landnecessityand ofonhavingsea andcostlylikewise"defense"in theforcesair. St.. Salt his home, 133 north West Temple

plan the are told, thwarted Britain, Great we 8, City. born 1927.Lake December was He

triple congress navies, at the of reduction Quarters, Neb., in Winter and for 1847. May 25,

then, must President; called now, we by the in Saltarrived year. of September Lake that

He was employed for 38 years by the Z. C. build a number of huge battleships, in the in-

M. I. Mr. Woodruff is survived by his terest of peace and for the defense of the rights

widow, Mrs Fannie Lloyd Woodruff, and the of American citizens abroad. The President

it is of the that the purpose also declaresfollowing son daughters: Mrs. and Mary W. against forcibly federal proceed to government J.Ensign. Dr. J. Lloyd Mrs. Woodruff and

is, laws, violators and this probitions of the grandchildren, FourteenH. Johnson. seven

greatgrandchildren and the following brothers by politicians, interpreted to be a warning to if a "wet"canthat par:y the Democratic sisters,and Asahel Woodruff, Mrs. Clara W.

will prohibition that party, didate is selected by Beebe. Mrs. J. J. Daynes. David P. Woodruff.

Ensign Woodruff. Newton Woodruff. Marion be made an issue in the Presidential camleaders of bothWoodruff, Mrs. Belle Moses, John Woodruff paign—something which the

and Mrs. Julia W. Park, also survive him. parties have tried to escape.

President Coolidge has again informed the The Council of the League of Nations conCountry that he does not choose to run in vened, Dec. 8. 1927, at Geneva. M. Briand

the Presidential race, next year. In a short the French statesman, is endeavoring to bring

address to members of the Republican National about a better understanding than that which

Committee, Dec. 6. 1927. he said, in part: now exists, between Great Britain and Russia.

"To give time for mature deliberation, 1 The relations between Poland and Lithuania, stated to the country on August 2 that I did which are strained, is one of the most imnot choose to run for president in 1928. My portant at present. A report on the "white

statement stands. No one should be led to slave"traffic was presented to the Council by

suppose that I have modified it. My decision the investigating committee, on Dec. 5. The

will be respected."report indicated that American officials are

making a determined stand against the interThe 70th Congress opened, Dec. 5, 1927. national traffic in women and children and

In the Senate the SmithVare controversy was have been successful in their campaign.

started at once. Mr. Smith, with his colleague. The Council adjourned on Dec. 12. The

Senator Deneen of Illinois, started toward the PolishLithuannn controversy and some other dais to take the oath of office, but was stopped problems were settled in the interest of harrnony by a resolution by Senator Norris. (Rep.) of and good will.

266 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Wrn. J. Bennett, a prominent Salt Lake cribed as a Roman Catholic priest. He met

business wan. died Dec. 4. 1927, after only his fate kneeling, with clasped hands for a brief

a week's illness. He was born in Salt Lake prayer, then standing and extending his arms

November 9, 1876, the son of the late Richard in blessing. The others were Humberto Proand Maria Foster Bennett. At the time of his juarez. a brother of the priest; Luis Scgura

death he was secretary and treasurer of the BenVilchis and Juan Tirado. The funeral took

nett Glass and Paint company, secretary and place the following day, and a crowd estimated general manager of the Bennett Gasoline and at 20.000 gathered along the line of march

Oil company and vice president of the Idaho and at the cemetery. Everyone carried floral

Glass and Paint company. He was active in offerings of some kind, even if only wild

chamber of commerce affairs, having been a flowers plucked along the roadside, and rained member of the ch.imber committee in charge these flowers upon the caskets as they passed

of Christmas street decorations. Mr. Bennett while they pravei and chanted for the dead

is survived by his widow, Mrs. Ethel Fan "martyrs"and for Christ the King.

Bennett; two daughters, Mrs. Margery Lewis

and Miss June Bennett; a son. John Farr Ben- A "companionate marriage"was entered

nett; two sisters, Mrs. Joseph C. Sharp and into. Nov. 22, 1927, at Girard, Kansas, beMiss Nellie Bennett, and a brother, John F. tween Aubrey C. Roselle. 20 years old. and

Bennett, general manager of the Z. C. M. I. Josephine HaldemanJulius. 18 years old. Dr.

L. M. Birkhead, pastor of a Unitarian church,

The preparatory disarmament commission performed the ceremony. Both said a comof the League of Nations convened at Geneva, panionate marriage would permit them to enSwitzerland, on Nov. 30, 1927. On this joy each other's companionship without saccommission there are delegates from the United rificing their education, as many schoolmates

States and from Russia. Hugh R. Wilson is had done. "So many girls, especially those

the head of the American delegation. The in school, have affairs and they would be betproposition of the Russian delegation, through ter off and more capable of putting their minds

M. Litvinoff, contemplates the complete dison their work if they were married."said the

armament of all nations and the destruction of bride.

all war paraphernalia of every class and description, beginning next year. A pitched battle between strikers and policeArthur Franklin Barnes, former city commen in the northern Colorado coal zone was

missioner, passed away at his residence in Salt fought Nov. 21, 1927, early in the morning.

Lake City, after two months'illness. Mr. Five strikers are reported dead and many are

Barnes was born in Kaysville, October 3. 1861. wounded, as a result. Governor W. H. Adams

the son of the late John R. and Emily Shelton issued a warning that all must obey th> law.

Barnes. He spent his early youth in Kaysville. Referring to the entry of the state militia into

He was educated there and at the Universitv the situation, he deplored the necessity for it.

of Deseret, now University of Utah. Later but declared that the events of the morning

he came to Salt Lake, beginning his business were such as to force him to make use of this career as a bookkeeper. In 1883 he married last resort. Nine of the mines in northern

Elizabeth Sansom. who survives him. Mr. Colorado closed Oct. 18, resumed operations

Barnes was a member of the L. D. S. Sevenon Dec. 1, with only a few men reporting for

teenth ward bishopric for twenty years, and at work.

the time of his death was stake high counselor The supreme court of Mexico upheld the for the church. He was on a mission for the contention of the American oil companies, in

L. D. S. Church to the eastern states in 1895. a decision. Nov 17, 1927, thus opening the

He was city councilman for Salt Lake from way for more satisfactory relations between 1 8 92 to 1902, and later was an unsuccessful the United States and the southern neighbor.

candidate for mayor. In 1920, Mr. Barnes This is a controversy of ten years'standing.

was appointed to the city commission to fill The decision will give the world confidence the vacancy created by the resignation of Mayoi in the integrity of Mexico's jurisprudence. The

E. A. Bock. At this time the present Mayor, court, by unanimous decision, granted the ap-

C. Clarence Neslen, who was a member of the peal restraining the department of industrv.

commission, was chosen to head this body. commerce and labor from canceling certain of

At this time Mr. Barnes was made commisthe company's drilling permits.

sioner of public safety, a position he held durThe court also declared unconstitutional the ing his term on the commission. In 1921 he important sections 14 and 1 5 of the new law

was elected to the commission, heading the as far as this suit was concerned.

ticket. He was also interested in a number of Section 14, in effect, substitutes fiftyyear

successful business enterprises. concessions for oil land titles acquired before

Four men were shot to death in the prison 1917.

in Mexico City. Nov. 23. 1927. for an atSection 15 forfeits titles to oil lands for

tempt against the life of General Alvaro which no application for confirmatory conObregon, former president of Mexico. Among cessions had been made within one year from

the four was Miguel Agustin Projuarez, desthe effectiveness of the new law,

Advertising Policy of the Era We accept only the highest class of advertising. We recommend to our

readers the firms and goods found in our advertising pages

ADVERTISERS IN THIS ISSUE Beneficial Life Ins. Co. Keeley Ice Cream Co.

Bureau of Information L. D. S. Business College

Deseret Book Store Miskin Scraper Works

Deseret News Prudential Building Society

Dinwoodey Furniture Co. Salt Lake Knitting Co.

Fleischniann's Yeast Southern Pacific Lines

InterMountain Life Ins. Co. Utali Home Fire Ins. Co.

Jones Bros. Trunks Utah Power & Lisht Co.

Jos. Win. Taylor, Undertaker lion's Cooperative Merc. Inst.

HUMOROUS HINTS

One of the big national issues with which political parties must soon deal is whether we shall build more highways or shut down the automobile factories. Memphis Commercial Appeal.

When a stiff collar comes back from the laundry after its tenth visit it can not be denied that it has its fine points. Louisville Times.

Commander Savage, of the American Legion, said in Paris: "It is a splendid sight to see

fiurope at peace."It isn't, but it would be. American Lumberman.

LETS GO TO

KEELEY'S "The Home of Good Things to Eat

For Breakfast—Missionaries—

Lunch, Dinner, or Delicious Box

After Theatre! Lunches

-Homelike foods for the train!

prepared by—put up to your order.

women cooks. "Gems of Good Cookery"

ICE CO. KEELET- - CREAM 55 SaMain 160 SaMam 160 Sa state 'Wllrs OwdpDept

5 Popular Stores

'HEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS. PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROl'EMENT ERA

Individual Sacrament Sets NOW IN STOCK Best ill the market Will last a life time 36 glasses in each tray

RECOMMENDED BY PATRONS. REFERENCES FURNISHED

Made especially for L. D. S. Churches, and successfully used in Utah and

InterMountain region, also in all Missions in the United States, Europe, and

Pacific Islands. Basic metal, Nickel Silver, heavily plated with Solid Silver.

SIMPLE, SANITARY, DURABLE Satisfaction guaranteed. Inquiries cheerfully answered.

ONE OF MANY ACKNOWLEDGMENTS Bishop's Office, Bern, Idaho, May 2, 1921.

"I am in receipt of the Individual Sacrament Set, consisting of four trays and the proper number of glasses.

"Everything arrived in good condition. We are very pleased with it. I

take this occasion to thank you for your kindness."

BUREAU OF INFORMATION Temple Block Salt Lake City

Sooner or later some aviator will doublecross the ocean. Arkansas Gazette.

Knew the Answer. Mother—"If you wanted to go skating, why didn't you come and

ask meSammie—"first?"'Cause I wanted to go."Christian Science Monitor.

A critic complains that a certain novel did not really begin until the middle of the book.

But the usual trouble with these things is that they don't finish until the end. Punch.

"Every person has at least one book in him,"according to a Dearborn Independent writer.

Generally speaking, it ought to stay in him.. Western (Ore.) Leader.

J. R. JONES, Jr. T. H. JONES

JONES BROS.

TRUNK MANUFACTURING CO.

MAKERS OF HIGHGRADE TRUNKS SAMPLE CASES AND AUTO TRUNKS Complete line—Bags and Suit Cases

REPAIRING A SPECIALTY Special Discount to Missionaries

Phone Wasatch 7726 245 South State Street

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Your best New Years Resolutions: TO SAVE

"Economy makes happy homes and sound nations, instill it deep."George Washington.

/50e per month will mature one share of Class A (Installment)

Stock in the PRUDENTIAL BUILDING SOCIETY.

49 West South Temple Street, Salt Lake City, Utah.

Built to Endure I wish to become a member of the Prudential Building Society

Name Street and No City or Town GEORGE 1H. OANNOiV. Pre.s. and Manager GEORGE Q. MORRIS, Sec. and Treas.

If only the fittest survive, those who dropt out must have been a sorry lot.—Los Angeles

Times.

There's one nice thing about airplane travel. The roar of the motor drowns any comment from the back seat. Publishers Syndicate.

Tall Feather, an Indian Chief, is reported to have run from Chicago to Milwaukee, a distance of eightyfive miles, in nineteen hours. We don't blame him. Punch.

Opportunity—China has an area of 4.000,000 square miles and only 80.000 automobiles.

Some way should be devised for China to begin exporting parking space. San Diego Union.

Did Ton Ever Think of This?

If you are not specifically trained for some type of useful employment it will not be long before the world will point its finger at you and call you a failure.

Ours is a school of opportunity. Here you have a chance

to do the best you can, independently of what anybody else may do.

EVERY MONDAY we open the doors of opportunity when shall we have the privilege of welcoming you?

L. D. S. Business College

Write for Information "Utah's Largest Commercial Training SchooV

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA $18,391.36 Paid

To readers of the Deseret News

Protect Yourself and Family One Year—One Dollar

The wise person will act now.

Tomorrow may be too late Call or Write TRAVEL AN PEDESTRIAN ACCIDENT Was. 550 Salt Lake City, Utah

INSURANCE

Fashion determined to kill the long skirt, and it is kilt. Little Rock Arkansas Gazette.

Mr. Ford has not confirmed the rumor that the new Ford is equipped with a Jew's-harp

instead of the regular horn. New York Herald Tribune.

A motorist's life was miraculously saved the other day. He stopped his car at a grade

crossing and waited for an approaching train to pass. New Orleans TimesPicayune.

* t * Dr. Nicholas Murray Butler says that for the first time in 2000 years the world is without

a great man. which would seem to go to show that the doctor had fooled away so much time

teaching school he hasn't had time to read the Hollywood press agent's stuff. Macon Telegram.

Correct Notes in Fall and Winter

Home Furnishings First Sounded Here

Never a new note is struck in the homes of the elect—never

a new type of furniture is designed in the factories of foremost originators, but what is at once presented here for your approval.

We are in close touch always with the \ ery sources of furniture and home furnishings modes. Seeing, judging and interpreting in

ways to suit your needs. In suite, in occasional pieces, in draperies,

in floorcoverings. The finest products of the best of all makers,

in almost infinite variety, and always at the lowest possible prices.

ESTABLISHED 1857 DINWOODEY'S""GOOD FURNITURE

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT BRA

Reading

Brings wisdom to the young, and instruction to the old—it brings

solace to everyone.

We have laid in a wonderful supply of new books for the boys and girls—books that instruct

while they amuse—that entertain

v. liile they impart wisdom.

From the kiddies just able to understand Mother Goose Rhymes, to the more advanced pupil of the High School, we have books that suit every taste.

Come in and let us show them to you or write us for circulars.

Deseret Book Company 44 EAST ON SOUTH TEMPLE

JOSEPH WILLIAM TAYLOR

UTAH'S LEADING 1872 UNDERTAKER 1927 Best Equipped for Calls Night or Day in or Out of the City

Price of Caskets at Your Suiting—Services the Latest Advancement

Phones Wasatch 7600, Both Office and Residence 2125 SOUTH WEST TEMPLE STREET

Fire Is No Respecter Of Persons

You may wait till tomorrow to insure but the fire may not.

"See our agent in your town"UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents Salt Lake City, Utah

WHEN WRITING TO APIERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE 1MPROIT-.MENT ERA

LE5TEU AND E US UN su 3 EAST I? I ftH—I? aM—U-I

"Fill"—osopherBEN NETTthe

Says IS THE TIME NOW To BENNETT BENNETT SIMONIZ GAS GAS Your Car "Motorists Wize SIMONIZ"Keep Your Car Looking New 10 Orange Colored Stations at Your Service

Accessories, Alemiting, Washing

Ask Your Dealer for Z. C. M. I.

FactoryMade

Children's Allovers Khaki and WhiteKhaki and Peggy

Backed Denim for Boys. Clothes, Dutch Kul, for

Girls.

The Famous

MOUNTAINEER OVERALLS

Give Splendid

Satisfaction

Suppose We Should Guarantee You the Fulfilment of these

You Not Think it Marvelous? Desires—Would snatcli suddenly illness should accident or even continue to thoughYour Income college for your Income wife—a unfit work. tor Anyon or you away render now. in from years ten of your home ownership children.education for The your years. later in your leisure of travel mud the possibility of Joy retirementThe and

Impossible? Absolutely not. These dreams can be realized if you act now—Make today's hopes realities tomorrow.

A Beneficial Policy Is the Key to Success Blots out your worries—Brings peace of mind

Beneficial Life Insurance Go.

Lake Home Office, Vermont Bids;.—Salt

Stohl, ManaffeT Lorenso I*. President -:...-<-*''-"Heber J. Grant,

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA