Vol. XV. APRIL, 1912 No. 6

ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS,

THE YOUNG MENS MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT

AS50CIATI0N5 tANDTHE -SCHOOLIS OF THE.

CHURCHOF JE.5U5 CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS'.

I GENERALPUBLISHEDBOARD ATMONTHLYSALT LAKEBY THECITY, UTAH.

Scenic Line of the World

THROUGH PULLMAN

and TOURIST SLEEPERS Kto BEFORE THE SMOKE!DENVER CLEARS AWAY

On your firestricken shop, factory, ST. LOUIS

office or store, you can resume business if insured with us. No long [and.

unnecessary delays In adjusting, no CHICAGOhaggling over terms; but prompt payment of losses every time."It's to our

again—weinterest to canget youinsureset youup inagain.business For I.Folders,A. BENTON,Booklets,G. A.etc.P.addressD.,

HOME FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY OF UTAH Salt Lake City, Utah

Heber J. Grant! &

2026 So. rMain St. Salt Lake City, Utah Co.S

BOTH PHONES 351 Jos. Wm. Taylor

Utah's Leading Undertaker and Licensed Embalmer.

Fine Funeral Chapel, Private Parlor, Show Roomi and Morgue OFFICE OPEN DAY AND NIOHT

31, as and 25 South West Temple St.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Established 1889 *v* 7T2;capltal, r$200,000

Utah Commercial The and Savings Bank A 01 Interest, computed semiannually, State Bank of Utah 10 on Savings Deposits. Salt Lake City, Utah Established 1890

Commercial Banking in all its branches. Accounts of Banks and InThis Bank solicits the accounts

dividuals solicited. Customers assured of banks, firms and individuals, and

the best accommodations consistent extends to such customers every with conservative and safe banking. reasonable courtesy and facility.

th, Prei. S. Burton, Cashier Chas.

Pre*.Wm. F. Armstrong, Byron Groo, JoephAnthon F.H. "*i-"nd. V. H.T. McEwan.Atrt. President. Cashier. C.ih

(When writing to Advertisers, pleas*) mention th ERA) h

Knitted Garments

Our full line of Spring and Summer Garments is now ready. They are made of the very best selected

cotton, nicely finished throughout. Your order promptly

filled for any size desired.

Be Sure to Include Postage in Remittance 99A—Fine weave, light weight, 57—Medium light weight, unbleached; for warm weather. bleached, very serviceable. Per

c Per pair, postpaid 71 c P air 95 51 K—An excellent close fine Postage 19c extra per pair.

weave, bleached; suitable for

summer wear. Per pair, post901—A well made, durable garPd $1.00 ment, medium heavy weave, unbleached. Per pair $1.2059M—Made of mercerized cotton,

bleached; very desirable for Postage 20c extra per pair.

warm weather. Per pair.. -SI.42 Postage 14c extra per pair. 9B—Bleached, medium heavy

weave; will give excellent52B—Medium light weight for

spring and summer, bleached. service. Per pair SI.30

c Postage 20c extra per pair. Per pair 92

Postage 16c extra per pair. 111—Heavy cotton weave, tuck54B—Unbleached, light weight, stitch, unbleached, fleeced. Per

balbriggan weave; an excellent Pa ir $1.00

garment. Per pair SI.00

Postage 12c extra per pair. Postage 20c extra per pair.

Important WHEN ORDERING BE SURE TO GIVE YOUR BUST AND HEIGHT

MEASUREMENTS, AND YOUR WEIGHT.

Samples of garment material gladly sent on request.

GARMENTS MARKED FOR 20c EXTRA PER PAIR.

Special WITH EVERY $2.00 ORDER RECEIVED DURING MARCH, APRIL AND MAY

WE SEND, ABSOLUTELY FREE, A BEAUTIFUL TEASPOON, ROGER'S

FRENCH GREY PATTERN, MADE OF PURE SILVER AND NICKEL.

Call at the Store or send your Orders by Mail.

West's Mail Order House New Store, 258 South State St.

Salt Lake City, Utah

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the ERA) "NO CROPSNO PAYMENTS"Means that we provide the way for you to pay for the land that we have already offered to you at a remarkably low price.

We know the land will produce abundant crops, and we are willing that you should use the land to prove this statement to your own satisfaction, before making full and complete payments.

We want settlers in PARK VALLEY, and we're willing to put up our lands with your industry and labor, in order that you may own a home in this favored spot, and pay for it out of the money you get from the crops.

i.i the center of Box Consider what the valley offers: Location—PracticallyElder county, within a few miles of the Southern Pacific station at Ktdton, and

also the Salt Lake & Idaho railroad, now building from Burley, Idaho, to theshores of Great Salt Lake. AVater—Plenty of the clearest and purest water mavbe obtained at a depth of from ten to fifty feet; some gasoline engine pumping

plants have been installed and proved successful. The rainfall in Park Valleyis above the average for the state—always adequate for profitable dry farming.Soil—A loose, sandy loam, from 3 to 6 feet deep—warm and abundantly productive; it is easily worked and is of such texture that it retains the moisturefor a considerable length of time. Climate—The air is dry, pure and invigorating,affording a healthful, energizing climate. The mountains keep out the biting

frosts of winter, and yet afford the cooling breezes for the summer. Vegetation

thrives and crops are always certain.

You should understand that the price for which we are selling the land willnot last long—it can't. Developments in this section warrant constantly increasing valuations. You should BUY NOW. The company will assist you in every

way possible, and the men on the company's experiment farm in the valley will give you the advantage of their experience in getting water and growing crops.

Then there is the "Protection Against Forfeiture"feature of our contracts, which protects you from any loss whatsoever. Have you ever heard of a fairer, more

attractive proposition?

$(.00 BUYS 40 ACRES of land in CUT THIS COUPON AND MAIL IT TODAY

Pacific Land & Water Co., 816 Park Valley, Utah—land that is as

fertile and productive as any in Newhouse Building, Salt Lake City, Utah. Gentlemen: Please send me

these mountain states. illustrated folder, entitled, "You

in Park Should Build Your Home $15 TIME. YEARS AN ACRE—5 interested. Utah."I am of $3 Valley. a cash payment We require

of purchase, acre per at time and Name paid in five the balance be may equal annual payments of $2.40 per

acre. Forty acres for $600; $120 Address

down and $96 each year for five years. Be sure to write plainly.

IF CONVENIENT, CALL AT OUR OFFICE:

Suite Building 816 Newhouse CITY, SALT UTAH LAKEPacific Land & Water Co.,

BETTER CROPS FOR 1912 This is what the Deseret Farmer stands for and what we will help you do.

Make two blades of grass grow in place of one.

Select your seeds and the results will surprise you.

Cultivate and care better for your soil.

Irrigate at the proper time and with the right amount.

It is up to you—smile and work—results will follow.

experiments—newOur aim is to ideas—andhelp you, experthow othersand practicalare succeeding,men willby progressivetell you of

methods.

Read the Deseret Farmer more this year—a single article in any

issue may help you spell P-R-O-F-I-T.

Every article—every line—is carefully edited and written for the farmers of this western country—adapted to our local conditions. The home department for 1912 will be better than ever—every

farmer's wife should read these articles.

Sixteen pages every week in the year for only $1.00. Many of our

subscribersSpecial—Fortell usa theywhilegetlongerone dollarwe arevaluegoingout toof continuea single issue.to give six

full size tea spoons, made by the famous Wm. A. Rogers Co. They are

the genuine Oxford Silver Plate, a beautiful gift—a useful article and

one of merit.

Six Roses Free. We will give six roses, grown in 2y2 inch pots on

their own roots, selected varieties, from one of the oldest and largest nurseries in the United States. We guarantee that they will reach you

in perfect condition; if not, they will be replaced. Will mail to you in

sufficient time for planting. Six Roses and the Deseret Farmer for one

year, $1.00. Send subscription in now.

J. M. KIRKHAM, MGR. LEWIS A. MERRILL, LEHI, UTAH DESERET FARMER EDITOR

ELECTRIC L. D. S.

BLOCK Conference SIGNAL Salt Lake City Most PROTECTION

April 5, 6, 7 Direct When You Travel Route Ladies Relief from Society EAST MEXICO, City April 3rd and 4th VIA Ticket TEXAS, and Tickets on Sale Office HotelARIZONA MarchFrom Texas,30th, 31stArizona,and

April 1st. Final Limit Utah points Sixty days from date

of sale.

From Lynndyl and east, points April 3rd to 'The Overland Route'7th inc. Final return

Limit April 12, 1912.

of trains over one daily Four all other Utah tracks best ballasted in the Splendid points,FromApril 2nd to 7th the inc. Final return limit, couutry in the most comforttrain April 15th, 1912. able iAr< money and care can

For further information urovide service see any Salt Lake Route

Agent or write to all J. H. MANDERFIELD TMs assures

A. G. P. A., TRAVEL COMFORT

the way Sale Lake City, - Utah TRAVEL SAFETY

Elder Wilmer Jensen, writing from Richmond, Kentucky, says: "The coming of the 'Era'is looked forward to with much delight, and we read the

articles with great pleasure."

Elder Roscoe W. Eardley, writing from Rotterdam, February 19, says: "All

the missionaries like the 'Era'very much. One person in this field who can

read English was recently converted by reading the 'Improvement Era'."

A book to enjoy by the fireside is "Select Writings,"by William Halls,

Mancos, Colorado, a second edition of which is just issued from the press of the "Deseret News."It is sold for $1.00 from the book stores, or by the author.

Elder Lawrence C. Monson, writing from Norway, February 15, says: "We

read the 'Era'carefully and find it a great source of encouragement and help in our labors. We pray the Lord will bless all those who are connected with

its publication in their good work of instructing the youth of Zion."

IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1912.

Two Dollars per Annum with Manual Free.

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as second class matter.

Joseph F. Smith, \ Heber J. Grant, Business Manager

Edward H. Anderson, / Edit Moroni Snow, Assistant

TABLE OF CONTENTS A Garden in Salt Lake Valley Frontispiece

Spring Edward H. Anderson 481

Only One God to Worship The First Presidency 483

Joseph F. Smith

Anthon H. Lund

Charles W. Penrose

Newcastle Conference Joseph W. Clark 485

History of the Mexican Mission. Illustrated Rey L. Pratt! 486

The Open Road, Part II., Stage I John Henry Evans 499

Interesting Stories, V. and VI George D. Kirby 511

Why I Became a "Mormon"A. Scrymgour! 513

One Everlasting Grip. Poem Louis W. Larsen...... if! 516

Little Problems of Married Life, VIII Wm. George Jordan 517

The Church and the Lottery Milton Bennion! 521

A Glimpse of St. Johns, Arizona. 523

Birthplace of the Bard of Avon. Illustrated Shirley Penrose Jones 524

The Burst of Light. A Poem LeRoy Leishman.528

Reminiscences of the Salt Lake Theatre, i Heber J. Grant

Illustrated L Alfred Lambourne!!!!!!!!!!! 529

\ George M. Ottinger

Home, Sweet Home, in Idaho. A Poem William Higgins 529

TTru.. ) John S. Sagers 542

What Constitutes a Successful Life? y Z. N. Decker 543

) Bernard Herman Smith 545 The Tobacco Curse 547

The Passing of the Home William Halls.'.'. 548

From Nauvoo to Salt Lake, XIV Moroni Snow 551 '555Editors'Table—Commercialism President Joseph F Smith

The Monroe Doctrine Dr. J. M. Tanner 557

Messages from the Missions 559Priesthood Quorums'Table—Labors of

Special Missionaries—The Seventies

Year Book—The One Hundredth Quorum

at Bountiful ggg Mutual Work—June M. I. A. Conference

Members of the Second Normal Athletic

Class and Portrait—Activities in the

Logan Fourth Ward—Stake Meet in

Snowflake—Monthly Conjoint Meetings—

M. I. A. Dancing Contest—Storytelling

and Oratorical Contest—To Stake Superintendents

Passing Events '56170 Spring

Spring has come. The reservoirs of the hills are once

more beginning to pour out their rich treasures into the valley. The birds are on the wing. There is a scent of

growth in the amative air. The sun and the earth are kissing to bring forth fruitage.

The melting snows rush down the wadies. The distant lake is roiled with new riches of water and soil, contributed by the impetuous mountain streams. One can hear

their moanings in the calm of the early morn, resounding like the soughing of the wind in the pines, or as when a brewing storm stirs the snow drifts, against the clear sky on the imperial peaks of the Wasatch.

The scientific husbandman is busy with his land, placing his acres and seeds into environment in harmony with the laws of growth and production. He is alertly aware

that cultivation and planting must be attended in the proper season, and that neglect at the critical springtime moment is fatal to the best development. He is therefore watchful

and painstaking, lest a neglect or a mistake now shall later ruin his rich prospects for an abundant harvest. He is

especially careful that good seed shall be sown in well cultivated ground. He therefore selects it with care, places

it in the fruitful earth which has been fertilized and prepared in season with loving attention. His work is strenuous now, but the advancing seasons will bring him pleasure

in the perfect growth and development of his plants and grain, and at length rest, in the enjoyment of his harvest's rich reward.

Happy is the youth whose spring of life is at hand, and who, in the fascinating murmurs of its rich awakening, may still keep his wits about him, that with thrift and wisdom, truth and righteousness, he may so select his seed, and so plant, fertilize and cultivate his springtime acres of life that the harvest may be full and abundant. Edward H.

Anderson.

Vol. XV. APRIL, 1912 No. 6

Only One God to Worship

BY THE FIRST PRESIDENCY OF THE CHURCH

Discussions frequently arise over the meaning of isolated texts of scriptures, most of which would find interpretation in other passages of holy writ. Some of them are needless and

unimportant, and these should be avoided; but it is proper to

study and arrive at correct conclusions as to the meaning of that which is written for our learning and edification. The

published standards of the Church, as has been frequently announced, are the Bible, "so far as it is translated correctly,"the Rook of Mormon, the Doctrine and Covenants, and the Pearl of Great Price. These have been so accepted by the Church in

conference assembled. Thus we have something at hand which

can be appealed to as authority in doctrine.

The Lord has also appointed one man at a time on the earth to hold the keys of revelation to the entire body of the Church in all its organizations, authorities, ordinances and doctrines.

The spirit of revelation is bestowed upon all its members for the benefit and enlightenment of each individual receiving its inspiration, and according to the sphere in which he or she is called to labor. But for the entire Church, he who stands at

the head is alone appointed to receive revelations by way of commandment and as the end of controversy. Assisted by his

counselors, he presides over the whole Church in all the world thus the First Presidency hold the right to give authoritative direction in all matters that pertain to the building up and government and regulation of the body.

A question has been discussed in some of the auxiliary societies, and finally has been submitted to us, in reference to a saying to be found in the Pearl of Great Price, as follows "And I have a work for thee, Moses, my son; and thou art

484 IMPROVEMENT ERA

in the similitude <>f my Only Begotten; and mine Only Begotten is and shall be the Savior, f<>r He is full <>f grace and truth;

lut there is no God beside me, and all things are presenl with me, for I know them all."(Moses I:6).

The words particularly debated are; "but there is no God

beside me."They appear to be in conflict with many other

statements in scripture, both ancient and modern, but are not out of harmony with them when properly understood.

Moses was reared in an atmosphere of idolatry. There were

numerous deities among the Egyptians. In commencing the work

which the Lord said he had for Moses to do, it was necessary to center his mind and faith upon God the Eternal Father as the only Being to worship. Therefore, the words now under consideration, or rather those that were actually spoken to Moses,

of which these are a translation, were made emphatic, not only as to the false gods of the times but delusive spirits, of whom

Satan was the chief and who tried to pass himself off to Moses as a divine object of worship, as narrated in the same chapter.

(Verses 1225).

This was repeated in substance, and for the same reasons, in the first of the Ten Commandments: "Thou shalt have no

other gods before is, beside me, above me, or equal me,"—that

to me, or to be an object of worship. (Exodus 20:2-5). Or, as

Faul put it: "For though there be many that are called gods

whether in heaven or in earth, (as there are gods many and lords many) yet to us there is one God the Father, of whom are all things, and one Ford, Jesus Christ, by whom are all things and we by Him."(t Cor. 8:5-6).

Tt should he remembered that it was Christ before he was in the flesh who gave the law and the commandments to Moses, and who spoke for the Father, as He explained to the Nephites when he appeared to them after his resurrection. (3 Nephi 15 15.)

He "was in the beginning with God and was God,"according to

John t:i. The Father was represented by Him and He acted

and spoke for the Father, in the creation and from that rime forward in all the divine dispensations. Angels also, under Him.

have been appointed to speak for God, being so authorized and empowered. (See Fx. 23:20. 21). But the sole object of worship. God the Eternal Father, stands supreme and alone, and it

is in the name of the Only Begotten that we thus approach Him,

ONLY ONE GOD TO WORSHIP 485

as Christ taught always. "God standeth in the congregation of

the mighty; He judgeth among the gods."(Psalms 82:16).

Jesus quoted this and did not dispute it (John 10:34-6). All

the perfected beings who are rightly called gods, l>eing, like the

Savior, possessed of "the fullness of the Godhead bodily", are

ONE, just as the Father and the Son and the Holy Ghost are one.

There are questions relating to doctrine and principle that are proper subjects for class discussion, when that is conducted for the purpose of gaining information. There are topics, however, that are of no particular moment, or on which no definite

conclusion can be authoritatively reached, and these ought to be avoided, as a waste of time and a cause of endless dispute. Let

the light shine and be sought for in faith, but let contention have no place among the Latterday Saints!

Joseph F. Smith,

Anthon H. Lund,

Charles W. Penrose,

First Presidencv.

Elder Joseph W. Clark, writing from Middlesbrough, England,

states that they have twentynine elders in Newcastle conference. The work is progressing despite the tirades of persecution

waged against the elders. He says: "It is my opinion that these

tirades help to further rather than to hinder the good work. It also

acts as an aid to purge the local organizations by culling out the weak and undesirable members who appear to have accepted the gospel for selfish purposes, and not for the glorious principles themselves, in the plan of who may be likened to those in the salvation—people

beautiful parable of the sower: 'They are they that fall upon stony

places where they had not much earth, and when the sun came up they were scorched, because they had no root, and they withered away.'I am pleased with the outlook. The elders of this conference

are up and doing. The opposition puts most of the elders on their

mettle and makes them alert, causing them to fortify themselves against the everexpected attacks. The persecution also enables us

to present the gospel to many people who otherwise would not hear it, since now they come to hear and see us out of curiosity."

History of the Mexican Mission

BY RET L. PRATT, PRESIDENT OF THK MISSION

( )n the 5 tli day of XovcmiIkt, iS,-), Elder Moses Thatcher, of the quorum of Twelve Apostles, in company with Elders

J. 7. Stewart and Milton G. Trejo, arrived in the City of Mexico, havingcome for the purpose of establishing a Mission of

the Church of Jesus Christ of LatterDay-Saints, among the

I.amanites of that land. Immediately they set to work, and their

labors very soon bore fruit, for, on November 20, T879, Plotino C. Rodakanaty and Silviano Artcaga were baptized and confirmed

members of the Church, by Elder

Moses Thatcher. Other baptisms

soon followed, there being six baptized by Elder Milton G. Trejo. on

November 23. A meeting was held

the same day. and those baptized were

confirmed members of the Church, and the principles of the gospel were taught to those assembled. Four of

the native brethren received the priesthood and were ordained elders. \

MOSES THATCHER branch of the Church was organized in

Presided over the MexiMexico City, over which Elder Plotican mission from Novemno C. Rodakanaty was called to preside.ber 5, 1879, till August 11,

The action was unanimously sustained by the vote of those present, and he was set apart to that position by Elder Moses Thatcher. Arrangements were made at this meeting for holding regular meetings in the branch, three times a week.

Thus the missionary work in Mexico was put on a working basis.

The work of proselyting continued without interruption, and quite a number more were added to the fold, by Februrav 4.

1880. when Elder Thatcher, now having gotten the mission in

good working order, left for Utah, leaving Elders Stewart and

Trejo temporarily in charge.

HISTORY OF THE MEXICAN MISSION 487

On May 17, 1880, Elder M. G. Trejo left Mexico City, in

company with a native brother, for his home in Arizona. It wab

necessary to make the trip overland by way of Chihuahua, as there were, at that time, no railroads running the full length of the Mexican Republic, and into the United States, as there are today. This left Elder Stewart as sole missionary from Zion

in this far off mission; but not for long, however, as on December 5 of the same year, Elder Thatcher again returned accompanied by Elder Feramorz L. Young.

On April 4, 1881, Apostle Moses Thatcher, in company with

Elders Feramorz L. Young, J. Z. Stewart, and brothers Silviano

Arteaga, F. A. Lara, and Ventura Paez, left Mexico City to

make the ascent of the great volcano of Popocatepetl, which lies about fifty miles southeast of the city, there to hold a conference on April 6. At Ozumba they were joined by brother Lino

Zarate and two other native brethren. All day of the 5th was

employed in making the ascent, and night found them still some distance from the summit; in fact, just a little below timber line.

It was extremely cold, which made it necessary for them to keep great bonfires burning all night. This also served to keep away

wild animals, panthers, etc., with which the woods were infested.

Next morning they continued their ascent until they reached the "Pico del Eraile,"at which point they celebrated their conference, it being April 6, 1881, just fiftyone years after the Church was organized. Fervent prayers were raised to God, imploring

his blessings on this Mission, and the country was blessed and dedicated to the Lord for the preaching of the gospel.

On May 1, 1881, one more was added to the small force laboring in the Mission, with the coming of August H. F. Wilcken. Elder Wilcken came overland by way of Chihuahua, and

as he was already learned in the Spanish language, his presence was a great help to the cause. The first few weeks after his

arrival were spent in translating a tract written by Elder Thatcher. He was then sent to Ozumba, and in company with a native elder, Fernando A. Lara, carried on the work of proselyting in that and surrounding towns.

On June 1, 1881, Elder J. Z. Stewart was released, and left

for his home in LJtah just a month later, going on horseback to

Acapulco, and from there, by steamer to San Francisco, and thence home bv rail. Elder Stewart's translations have been of

488 IMPROVEMENT ERA

great service to the missionary work, among the Spanish speaking people. He helped translate the Hook of Mormon, and the

l'oicc of Warning, into tinSpanish language. He labored in

tinMission twentyone months.

I )n August i, 1881, Elder Moses

I hatchet was released, and Elder

August H. F. Wilcken was selected

to preside over the Mission, being set apart to that office September II, 1881, by Elder Thatcher. On September 15, Elders Thatcher, Feramorz L. Young, and Ferando A. Lara

left Mexico City, over the Mexican railroad, for Vera Cruz, to take passage on the Knickerbocker for New

York, thence home to Utah by rail.

The work had extended greatly AUGUST H. F. WILCKEN during Elder Thatcher's stay in the

Presided over the Meximission, considering the limited numSeptem- mission fromcan ber of elders laboring in the field. A 15, till April 11, 1881,ber

1883. total of sixtyone souls had been baptized up to the time that Elder Thatcher took his departure.

On October 19, President Wilcken received a letter from

Brother Thatcher, telling of the sad death of Elder Feramorz

L. Young, of typhoid fever, on board the Knickerbocker, on September 17, 1881, while in passage across the Gulf of Mexico.

There was not sufficient ice aboard to preserve the body till they could reach New York, which made it necesssary to bury the body in the gulf. This last sad rite took place September 29,

1 88 1, Elder Moses Thatcher officiating.

Elder Wilcken carried on the missionary work manfully, alone, being now the only elder from Zion in the field. He was,

however, greatly assisted in his labors by native elders.

Under these circumstances, the arrival of Elders Anthony

W. Tvins and Milson R. Pratt, May 21. 1882, was greatly appreciated by President Wilcken. Elder A. W. Ivins was one of

the company of missionaries who, under Daniel W. Jones, passed

the Mexican border. January 7, 1876, at El Paso, and came as

far South as the City of Chihuahua, capital of the state of that name. The first LatterDay-Saint meeting ever held in the inHISTORY OF THE MEXICAN MISSION 489

terior of Mexico was held by this party in the City of Chihuahua, April 8, 1876: about five hundred people attended the meeting. Elders J. Z. Stewart and Helaman Pratt, both of whom took

active part in missionary labors in and around Mexico City, were also members of this party.

For nearly a year after his arrival in the Mission, Elder Ivins labored as traveling elder, but on the release of

President Wilcken, was called to fill his place as president of the Mission, to which office he was set apart by Elder Wilcken, April 15, 1883. Elder

Wilcken left for home, April 22, via

Vera Cruz and New Orleans, having labored two years in the Mission, nineteen months as president. During

the time he presided over the Mission, fiftyone. souls were added to the

fold by baptism. ANTHONY W. IVINS

For the work there was to do, the Presided over the Mexilaborers were indeed few, Elders Ivins can mission from April 15, 1883, till March 27, 1884.

and Pratt constituting the whole force of elders from Zion laboring in the field. Quite a number of

native elders were pressed into service, and the work of preaching the gospel and spreading the truth was vigorously pushed.

On August 3, 1883, Elder Milson R. Pratt let his zeal get

the better of his judgment, and he and a native elder, Lino Zarate.

were arrested for preaching in the "Plaza"or open market place in Ozumba, knowing that all open air meetings in Mexico are prohibited by law. They were taken to Chalco, the county seat,

and placed in jail. Word was taken to Elder Tvins, who was at

that time in Mexico City, by Brother Julian Rojas, of what had happened, and on August 4, Elders Tvins and Candanosa went to Chalco to see what could be done. They went direct to the

Jefatura, and after talking with the Jefe Politico, Senor Hipolito

Reyes, Elder Pratt was released, after paying a cash fine of fifteen dollars. The native elder was not, at that time released.

Elders Helaman Pratt and Franklin R. Snow arrived in

Mexico City, November 10, 1883, having come via New Orleans and Vera Cruz. Thev were met at the Buena Vista station of the

49u 1MPROYKMKNT KRA

Mexican railway, by Elders A. W. tvins and Milson R. Pratt, and

7.taken to the elders'mom in 2a Cale de San Francisco, No.

Khler Helaman Pratt was called to succeed Elder Ivins as president of the.Mission, and was set apart, March

27, 1884, by A. W. Ivins. Elders

lvins and Milson R. Pratt left next

day, over the Mexican Central railway, being the first missionaries from this Mission to return by this route, and all the way by rail. They had

labored in the Mission twentytwo months. Elder Ivins, as Mission president for eleven months. During his

administration as president, thirtyHELAMAN PRATT six persons were admitted into the

Presided over the MexiChurch by baptism.

can mission from March The work, by this time, had 27, 1884, till May 2, 1887. extended greatly, and branches had

been established in Toluca, Ixtacalco, Tecaloe, and Chimal, in the State of Mexico; Cuautla and San Andres de la Cal, in

the State of Morelos, and Nopola, in the State of Hidalgo, so it can readily be seen that two elders, left in the field, had no time for anything but work, and we can greatly sympathize with them in their joy, when Elders Isaac J. Stewart and Alvin V. Robinson?rrived in Mexico City, November 17, 1884, to labor with

them in spreading the gospel and caring for the converted. However, Elder Robinson was not permitted to remain long, but on

account of ill health was released and returned home April 22, 1885.

On May 9, 1885, Elders Moses Thatcher and Brigham

Young arrived in Mexico City as representatives of the Church, to treat with the Mexican Government for the purchase of lands and the granting of colonization concessions, with a view to establishing colonies of our people in the State of Chihuahua. On

May 22, they were received by President Diaz, explained to him their mission, and opened negotiations with him for the above named purposes. They left for Salt Lake City the same night.

On June 29, 1885, Elders Erastus Snow, Brigham Young,

John W. Taylor, and also Victoria Pratt, wife of President HelaHISTORY OF THE MEXICAN MISSION 491

man Pratt, and their little son, Carl L., arrived in Mexico City,

the apostles having come to continue negotiations with the government for colonization concessions and lands on which to colonize. Sister Pratt had come to assist in missionary labor, being

the first woman missionary of the Church in Mexico. The

brethren were recived by President Diaz and other government officials, and on February 27, of the following year, twenty thousand hectaras of land were purchased by Elder Erastus Snow and r\. r. iuac Donald for colonization purposes. The contract

entered into with the government specified that a certain per cent of the colonists should be native born Mexicans, and it was thought a good plan to gather the native Saints with those who were coming from Utah and other places to the Colonies. Hence,

on December 1, 1886, President Helaman Pratt left Mexico City with a company of Saints for Colonia Juarez, for the purpose of establishing them there. All went well till they arrived there,

but conditions there, climatic and every other way, were so different from what the native Mexican Saints had been used to, that the greater part of them became dissatisfied, and they started back home on foot. Many of them made the entire journey on

foot, back to their native homes, the journey taking them three months. A few families remained in the Colonies for four or

five years, but finally all but two or three persons found their way back to the "sunny South."It may appear to some that they

were not very well converted to so soon turn their backs on Zion, and their faces homeward, but when acquainted with all the conditions, it does not seem so strange. They were people taken from

a tropical clime, some of them, and others from the unequaled springlike clime of the Valley of Mexico. In their native homes

they were poor, true it is, but for a few cents they could buy in the market each day what they needed for that day. Then they

had their homes in which to live, in some cases, it being only a it was the homecane or cornstalk house with a grass roof,—but

in which they were born, and in which their fathers had lived before them, and they had no conception of how to start out to make another. Such a thing as laying up anything for the winter

had never occurred to them. Just imagine such a people being

planted down in such a place as Colonia Juarez was in an early day—-and that in midwinter,—where there were no houses, no

ditches, no fences, and above all, no "plaza,"nor even a store at 492 IMPROVEMENT ERA

which to buy, and sec if you canot imagine how they became discouraged.

Elder Pratt returned from the Colonies to his missionary labors in Mexico, sometime before April, 1887, but only to labor for a short time in the Mission field, and he again returned to

Colonia Juarez, May 2, 1887. He was not released from his

missionary labors, but simply transferred from one field to another. He spent the remainder of his life in helping to build up

and establish the Saints in the Colonies. When the Juarez stake

was organized, December 9, 1889, with A. W. Ivins as president,

he was chosen as counselor, in which capacity he acted till March, 1908, when the stake was reorganized. Tie died in Colonia DubIan, November, 26, 1909. During the

time Elder Pratt presided over the

Mission, eightyfour souls were added to the Church by baptism. He labored

in the Mission for three years and six months; three years and two

months as president. Elder Horace H.

Cummings was called to preside over the Mission on the departure of Elder

Pratt, and continued in that capacity till October 6, 1887, when Henry Eyring was called, and sustained to preside over the Mission. Elder Eyring later

became a counselor to President A. VV.

HORACE H. CUMMINGS Ivins, when the Juarez stake was

Presided over the Mexican mission from May 2, organized.

1887, till October 6, 1887. Elder Cummings was released and

returned to his home in Utah, October 18, 1887, having labored in the mission for two years and four months.

Missionary labors were continued under the direction of

Elder Eyring till December 21, 1888, when he was released to return home. Two elders remained in the Mission for several

months longer. They were Elders Selvestre D. Collett, who died

in the Mission of typhoid fever, May 5, 1889, and Elder David J.

Rodgers, who did work here in June, 1889. During Presidents

Cummings'and Eyring's administrations, and up to the time all the elders were withdrawn, there were nine baptisms, making a total of two hundred fortyone baptised from the time the MisHISTORY OF THE MEXICAN MISSION 493

sion was opened, November 5, 1879, to June 3, 1889.

The withdrawal of the missionaries left the native Saints to take care of themselves as best they could. With no

one to teach them the gospel and Church discipline, they were, as it were, like as sheep without a shepherd, and soon drifted into error. Some of the branches

became disorganized, and their members were scattered; others formed themselves

into what they termed, "Independent

Religious Societies,"and tried to live in HENRY EYRING conformity with the teachings of the Presided over the fr0 xi ai1?**??, f till 6, 1887, Bible, and were so found when the JJOctobere

mission was reopened, and most of December 21, 1888.

the members were won back to their faith in and allegiance to the gospel, through the ardent labors of Elder Amnion M.

Tenney, who was the first missionary in the field after the Mission was reopened. There was one branch which remained loyal

to the Church, under the presidency of Francisco Barco, during the long absence of the elders from Zion, a period of thirteen years, and be it said, to the credit of all those who were left without a shepherd for so long a time, that very few went back to their old faiths, or lost entire faith in the gospel of truth.

The Mission Reopened.

On June 1, 1901, Elder John Henry Smith, Presidents A. W.

Ivins and Henry of the Juarez stake, and Elder Amnion M. Tenney and Sister Josephine Smith, arrived in Mexico City, for the

purpose of reopening the Mexican Mission in and around Mexico

City. On the 8th, they went to Cuernavaca, the capital of the

State of Morelos, where they were met by Elder H. L. Hall, who

had, for several years, been engaged in the hotel business in that city and in the City of Mexico. Brother Hall had been doing

some missionary labor with the native people in his employ, and through his labors some had accepted the gospel. The day was

spent in visiting these Saints, and at night a meeting was held, in which Elder Amnion M. Tenney was set apart as president of

the Mexican mission, by Elder John Henry Smith.

After a short stay in Cuernavaca, the party returned to 494 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Mexico City, and on Tuesday, June 17, an interview was had by the brethren, with President Porfirio Diaz. Elder Smith expressed his gratitude to President Diaz

and his people for their kindness and consideration in receiving our people into their land, and explained to him what we expected to do by way of proselyting the country. President

Diaz expressed great satisfaction, and wished the brethren every success. He

sent, by the brethren, warm greetings to President Lorenzo Snow.

The same evening, at 7 130 p. m.,

Elder John Henry Smith and Presidents A. W. Ivins and Henry Eyring,

AMMON M TENNEY and Sister Josephine Smith, left

Mexico City for their homes, leaving

First president, after reopening of the mission on Elder Ammon M. Tenney alone to

June 1, 1901. Presided pursue his missionary labors. Elder

over the mission till February 8, 1903. Tenney immediately set about visiting

the old branches that had been organized in the former mission: Iatacalco, Tecalco, Atlautla, Chimal, Cuautla, and

San Andres de la Cal, and whatever members of whose whereabouts he could learn. Great success attended his

labors, and many branches were won over, reorganized, and put in a flourishing condition. Church discipline was taught

and maintained among the people, and many friends and converts were made, and many baptisms performed. In December, 1901, a place suitable for Mission headquarters in Mexico City was rented in Calle de Humbolt, No. 5. The work of

spreading the gospel went rapidly on. Conferences were held,

branches set in order, old members visited and reconverted, and many new converts were made. Elder Tenney pressed into service many of the native brethren, who rendered effectual and

faithful assistance.

On June 22, 1902, Elders Alonzo L. Taylor, James Jacobson,

and Samuel G. Lake arrived in Mexico City, to labor as missionaries. This help was gratefully received by Elder Tenney, as

for a little more than a year, he had been laboring alone so far as any elders from Zion were concerned, his only help being reHISTORY OF THE MEXICAN MISSION 495

ceived from the native elders. However, he had had the company of his wife, Eliza, since March 6, 1902, and had been favored, most of the time, with the company of Elder H. S. Harris

and family, who were living in Mexico City, Elder Harris, in obedience to a call for the purpose of studying Mexican law.

The three new missionaries, although without missionary experience, and with very little knowledge of the Spanish language, were assigned different fields of labor, and straightway set out to labor, as follows: Elder Taylor, in Cuernavaca and

vicinity; Elder Lake, Trigales; and Elder Jacobson, Ozumba and

surrounding towns. Success attended their efforts, and they

were successful in making friends and making clear to them the gospel's truths, in the Spanish language.

On August 10, 1902, Elder Tenney left Mexico City for the Colonies, on business, leaving Elder H. S. Harris in

charge of the Mission during his absence.

Up till this time, there had been one hundred seventy baptisms performed in the Mission, since the time of its reopening, a period of fourteen months.

Elder Tenney returned to the Mission in October, 1902, and continued his faithful labors till February 8, 1903, when he was released to return home. H. S. HARRIS

Elder H. S. Harris was set apart by ElServed two terms as

president of the Mexider Tenney as president of the Mission. can mission: from FebElder Tenney spent some time visiting ruary 8, 1903. till May

14, 1904, and from Septhe Saints and turning over Mission aftember 29, 1905, till fairs to President Harris, and left for September 29, 1907.

his home in the Colonies, March 2. 1903. having labored in the

Mission twentyone months.

The force of elders had now been increased to six, and three more were added before the end of the year.

Elder Elmer Hooks, of Provo. who arrived in the Mission

June 24, 1903, was taken sick with typhoid fever, and died at the

American Hospital, in Mexico City, August 17, 1903He was buried in the American cemetery.

Elder Harris was released to return home, May 14, 1904, and Elder Talma E. Pomeroy was selected to take his place,

496 IMPROVEMENT ERA

and was set apart by Elder A. Owen Woodruff, May 23, 1904.

It now becomes our painful duty to narrate the saddest incident that has ever taken place in the Mexican mission.

Elder A. O. Woodruff and wife, Helen Woodruff, in company

with President A. W. Ivins of the

Juarez stake, and some others, arrived in Mexico City, May 9, 1904, for the purpose of attending - conference with the elders and Saints of the Mission.

An enjoyable conference was had in the Atlautla branch, but on May 24.

after returning to Mexico City, Sister

Woodruff was taken seriously ill with severe headache and fever, and on

Monday, the 26th, her case was pronounced smallpox, by Dr. E. H. Norton. Elders Woodruff, T. E. Pomeroy,

TALMA E. POMEROY Paul E. Pfenning, and Alonzo L. TayPresided over the Mexilor, remained in the Mission House to

can mission from May 23, care for and nurse Sister Woodruff,1904, till August 25, 1905.

while the rest of the party took rooms in a hotel to escape contagion. Sister Woodruff's five month's old

baby was taken in charge by Sister Kate Spillsbury, who was one of the visiting party. All that kind hands and loving hearts could

do was done for Sister Woodruff, but she gradually grew worse, till June 7, when she passed peacefully away, surrounded by her husband and those who had attended her during her fatal illness.

She was buried the same dav in the American cemeterv, of Mexico

City. Owing to the fact that Elder Alonzo L. Taylor had been exposed to the smallpox, he was released to return home with Elder

Woodruff, and they, in company with Sister Kate Spillsbury, and the infant baby of Sister Woodruff, left Mexico City for El Paso,

June 8. Elder Woodruff took sick the day they left Mexico City,

and on reaching Ciudad Juarez, was so sick he could hardly walk to the home of Brother Pierce, only a distance of about one hundred yards. Elder Taylor also took sick on reaching Ciudad

Juarez, and through the kindness of the United States health officers of El Paso, he and Elder Woodruff were taken and placed in a hospital in El Paso, where they could receive proper nursing and treatment. Elder Woodruff had a sever case of smallpox,

HISTORY OF THE MEXICAN MISSION 497

but it was not considered a fatal one, and great hopes were entertained for his recovery, but on June 20, he took suddenly worse and passed away at 5 -.26. He was buried next day. Elder

Taylor's case was a light one, and he soon recovered and returned to his home in Colonia Juarez. These sad occurrences cast a deep

gloom over the whole Mission, and many were led to ask, "why were two spirits, so young, so full of life and usefulness, called to leave this life?"And the only answer that came was, ''God

knoweth best."

Great progress was made in missionary work during President Pomeroy's administration. New fields were opened up and

new branches were organized. He was released and returned

home, August 25, 1905.

Elder H. S. Harris was again called to preside over the

Mission, and arrived in Mexico City, September 29, 1905. By

this time the force of missionaries had been increased to eleven, and three more arrived before the end of the year. With this efficient corps

of workers, the missionary work was carried on with great success. President Harris left Mexico City, August

23, 1906, and made an extended trip through South America, to look for a new country for colonization purposes.

He returned to the Mission, December 14, and continued his labors until

September 29, 1907, when he was released to return home, having presided over the Mission just twentyfour months, during which time, rey L. PRATT

eightysix souls were added to the The present president,,... -,. of the Mexican mission,

Mission by baptism. was set apart September

Elder Rey L. Pratt was called to 29, 1907.

succeed President Harris, and was set apart as president of the mission, September 29, 1907, by Elder H. S. Harris. Elder Pratt

had labored in the Mission as traveling elder, eleven months prior to his call to preside over the Mission. There were, at the time

he took charge, ten elders laboring in the Mission, and the number has now been increased to a standing force of twenty efficient conworkers. Great progress had been and is being made. New

ferences and branches have been organized, also more Sunday 498 IMPROVEMENT ERA

schools and Relief societies. Up to date, since President Pratt

took charge, there has been an increase, by baptisms, of three hundred thirtyeight souls, and many children have been blessed.

Our statistical records now show a membership in the Mission of one thousand fortyfive. Much prejudice in the country is

being overcome, and many new towns and people are opening their doors to the elders, where only three or four years ago, it was impossible to get a hearing.

ELDERS AND SISTERS IN THE MEXICAN MISSION

Top row, left to right: Donald C. Black, Edmund C. Richardson,

Arthur S. Haymore, Manuel C. Naegle, Parley Fenn, Broughton Lunt,

James Whippel, Ira L. Hurst. Middle row: George A, Brown, William

C. Smith, A. Lorenzo Anderson, Andres C. Gonzalez, Jesse Porter,

Romulus De La Mare. Front row: Ernest W. Young, mission secretary; Miel C. Pierce, first counselor in mission presidency; Mrs. May

Pratt Rey L. Pratt, mission president; Miss Gladys Pratt, Arnold C.

Huber. second counselor in mission presidency, and Heber C. Rowley.

The children are the children of President and Sister Pratt.

All of the Elders in the Mission are in the best of health and spirits, and are full of zeal for the work of the Lord. Prospects

were never brighter for the spread of the gospel in this land, and we look forward to a bright and prosperous future for the Mexican Mission.

Mexico, D. F. Augcbt 22, 1911

The Open Road BY JOHN HENRY EVANS, OP THE LATTERDAY

SAINTS UNIVERSITY

Part II.—In Which Brocketts Takes the Great Highway and

Finds It Beset with Difficulties

Stage I. Wherin Brocketts Gets a Job in the Back

Alleys of Cellartown.

When Brocketts awoke the next morning, he was at a loss, for a time, to know exactly where he was. For during the night

his mind had been going over again the scenes of the last year.

At first he entertained grave doubts whether he had opened his eyes in that dismal orphanage at Vinningen, by the camp fire in the land of the shallow waters where was a lonely grave, or on the blind baggage of that flying train with the red hail pelting his face. But the frosty air, that poured in all too plentifully

through those cracks, soon removed all question as to his whereabouts.

"I'll have them stopped up,"he said, meaning the open places, "as soon as I get settled here."

Rising from his couch and descending the ladder, he joined the stable boy, who had been some time at work.

"What you doin'up so early?"inquired that surprised

youngster. '''Tain't time for you to get up yet. If I had a

chance to lay abed till seven,"he went on pessimistically, "you bet your bottom dollar, I'd lay there "Not if you had such a cold bed as I had last night,"

Brocketts answered with truth. And then, "Let me help you

curry the horses. I know how."

Here was another cause for wonder. Tom stared at his new

friend, one hand with the brush unmoving on the horse's neck, the other holding the comb frozen in midair. "Say, Brocketts,

what you want to work for when you don't have to?'"

Brocketts smiled. "You helped me last night,"he said.

500 IMPROVEMENT ERA

And truly he had, for the savor of that dust still lingered in

Tom's throat.

wasn't work, anyhow. Besides, "Oh, that's different—that

you was a stranger. You should always help strangers."

Brocketts had never heard of our great American, Rip Van

Winkle, else he would have understood how it is that a lazy man cheerfully and—and a lazy boy, too, for that matter—can work

ungrudgingly for others at no profit to himself, and at the same nine have an "'insuperable aversion"for his own tasks. As for

i'eter Klaus, over there in Germany, he was quite another person, jjut though Tom had difficulty in seeing why Brocketts should be anxious to work, yet he had small objection to letting him. So he readily consented to put the curry comb and brush

into his friend's hands, and assumed the air of inspectorgeneral.

"What you goin'to do today?"Tom asked.

"Don't know yet; Mr. Bernstein told me to call on him this

morning at seven o'clock and find out. Ihere ought to be plenty

of work round a place like this."

"Sure, there is,"Tom conceded; ''but kids like you an'me

don't out, there! Brocketts,"he added, breaking off get—look

the tail of his sentence, "don't use the comb too low on that hind leg, else old Moll'l kick you into the middle of next week!"

The boy changed the comb for the brush accordingly, and proceeded gently to brush Moll's doubtful hind leg.

"That depends on the kid, don't it?"Brocketts asked, adopting Tom's vernacular. "I'm going to be the manager of this firm

some day, do you believe that?"

"Naw, course I don't!"Tom exploded in no uncertain tones.

And then he added, incredulously, "Kids don't manage anything."

"Course they don't—kids don't,"Brocketts corrected; "but

men do; and men were kids once, weren't they?"

"Sure!"came the acknowledgement.

"Well, then!—what's that?"A loud, mournful sound broke

the silence.

"That's only the seven o'clock whistle."

In a jiffy the curry comb and brush were on the floor at

Tom's feet, and Brocketts was out at the door in less time than the stable boy's slow understanding could grasp the situation.

"Gee! but he's a quick un!"he said to himself, picking up

his working tools. "But he'h get tired of going it at that gait. I

THE OPEN ROAD 501

used to do it that way myself."And as there was no one to dispute his word on the point, he went about the unfinished task of

brushing down Moll's leg.

Meanwhile, the new boy was in the office. "Here I am,

Mr. Bernstein. What am I to do today?"

Now, Mr. Bernstein had his own opinion as to how boys

should be encouraged. "If you want to unfit a young man for

any higher task,"he had once said to a father who had asked for a place in the store such as only those could fill who graduated into it, "give him something grand to begin with."

"But my boy has natural talent for the place,"the man had urged. try them!"Mr. Bernstein had said. "They all have—till you

best thing for him—is''The best way to do with your boy—the

to make him start low and climb high. If you start him high, he'll

climb down! If a boy won't do the meanest work when he ought

to, then there's no chance that he can do much of the better sort, when he wants to."

On this basis Brocketts was to begin. Brocketts, though,

knew nothing of his employer's views on the subject.

And so the two went down into the cellar in search of a job.

"Walton,"said Mr. Bernstein, "find something for this

young man to do, will you?"

"Plenty of work, of work!"repeated that cheersir—plenty

ful soul. Brocketts liked him right off. Walton put his hand

gently on the boy's shoulder and pushed him forward.

"Oh, Walton,"called Mr. Bernstein. Walter turned. "Brockold storeroom up there,etts lives in the loft of the barn—that

he wants to fix it up so as to make it a bit comyou know—and

fortable. If you've got anything around here that he can use,

let him have it."

"Yes, sir!"

And Walton pushed him on.

The basement was a large place covering nearly as much ground as the store. It looked very much like a city, with streets

and buildings on each side, some high and some low. For Mr.

Bernstein was a wholesale merchant as well as a retailer, and large quantities of goods were stowed away here. Then, too, it

resembled a city in another respect. The principal thoroughfares

were kept clean, but there were some dreadfully dirty back alleys.

502 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Into one of the darkest and dirtiest of these alleyways Walitton pushed Brocketta. Refuse had gathered here for months,

would seem. Full boxes, of whatever sort, had fallen apart; and

loose paper, straw, and 1 don't know what not, fairly littered the place. It was musty, too, and smelt foul as an old garbage heap.

And all the light there was to work by was a tallow candle.

Bttt the boy set to with as much of a will, apparently, as if he had been a bank teller, dealing out bright silver and gold pieces in broad daylight or in the gas glare. Everything that would burn,

he took out and burned. He piled up the boxes, full and empty,

in orderly -rows. He raked and swept the space clean.

"Take your time, my boy,"said easygoing Walton, when

Brocketts went to him at the end of the job, "take your time;

there's plenty of these to keep you going all winter."

And Brocketts was set to work in another alley, and then another.

The noon hours and the evenings, during those days, he spent in making his room habitable. First he hunted up some heavy

burlap that had come in as the wrappings of hams and flitches of bacon. After filling up the spaces between the boards with strips

of sacking, he tacked this on the sides and the ceiling, taking care that it should have no wrinkles. Some old wrappings of tea

cases he similarly put on the floor to serve as matting. Not only

were these crude coverings useful in keeping out the cold, but they added greatly to the appearance of the room.

His next task was to get some furniture. Here is where

his slender knowledge of carpentering was put to the test. He

made a neatlooking bed by placing some wire netting over two scantlings fastened to two boxes and using gunny sacks filled with straw for a mattress. Already he had bedding enough. The

Emperor of Germany might have had a softer, and certainly a more elegant bed, but it is extremely doubtful whether he could sleep more soundly than Brocketts on his straw couch.

Other articles of furniture were easily supplied. A shallow

soap box of tolerable size set on four uprights properly nailed inside the corners, formed a table of which no boy needed to be ashamed. A smaller box made a comfortable seat. There were

two of these, one for Tom, when he should come to see him, and one for himself. The cupboard consisted of a third box partitioned crosswise into shelves and nailed to the wall. In the corTHE OPEN ROAD 503

ner opposite the bed was a small washstand of the same simple workmanship.

One thing, however, gave a little trouble. What was he going to do for a stove? Now, a stove would be one of the things

he could not do without. He had no money with which to buy

one, and he could not make it. It was quite possible, though,

that a suitable one might be found about the store. He mentioned

his difficulty to Walton.

a stove, did you say?"he inquired. And taking "A stove—

hold of Brocketts'shoulder in his usual manner pushed him alongthrough the streets of the basement, out into the open air, and into a far corner of the stable. There was the very article in question

a little dirty, to be sure, but apparently in good condition.

"There you are, Brocketts,"said Walton, "and plenty of pipes, too. Get Tom to give you a lift with it. My bones are too

stiff for that kind of work."

Which Tom generously consented to do.

There is a story somewhere about a newlymarried man setting up a stove and using forbidden language in the meantime.

it wasThere ought to be a story about two boys—even though

stove up a long ladderliketwo rather small ones—dragging a

least, not loudstairway into a barn loft, and not swearing—at

enough to be heard. What tugging and twisting and turning they

did! At last, by means of a rope, one end of which girdled the

waist of the litle heater and the other of which was held tight in

Tom's and Brocketts'hands, the obstinate stove was safely lodged on the teamatting of the new room.

"It ought to give enough heat now!"observed the sage

Tom with a contemptuous look at the stove. But we know—you

stoves don't give out heat in exact proportion to theand I—that

bother they cost to set them up, else most of them would be red hot all the time.

And Brocketts said something to this effect.

'There's a trifling thing vou ain't considered, Brocketts,"

Tom reflected patronizingly, while the two surveyed the situation.

"What's that?"

"Why, there ain't no place for the smoke to go out of!"

And sure enough there wasn't. There w?s nc chimney in

the barn, as there ought to be. But the spirit of necessity soon

504 IMPROVEMENT ERA

said. Theovercame the difficulty. It was trifling, as Tom had

boys cut a hole at the proper distance from the stove, covered the edges with tin, and inserted the pipe into it. Then, by

means of a long ladder, they added another elbow and several joints of pipe on the outside, to direct the smoke upward past the high gable.

"Gee! Brocketts, you've got a dandy place!"Tom commented

when every thing was finished.

"Now, don't you think I'll ever be manager here?"Brocketts

asked, smiling.

"Naw!"exclaimed the skeptical Tom. He could not make

sure whether Brocketts was not joking about some day being manager of the Bernstein firm.

"The best thing, though, about this stove,"Brocketts went on, "is that I can have a warm dinner whenever I want it, and a lot of different kinds."

''Why, you don't mean to do your eatin'up here?"

"Course I do. Where else could I?"

"What you been eatin'anyhow?"

"Oh, crackers and cheese and bread and molasses and things cold. But now I can have warm milk whenlike that mostly—all

ever I want to, and fry eggs or meat. See?"

Tom not only saw, but stared.

All this work of house cleaning, however, was not done in one day merely. It took several noons and evenings of Brocketts'

time, helped magnanimously by the stable boy. But when it was

done, there grew out of their toil a place in which anybody might be glad to live.

Meantime, Brocketts continued his work in the dark alleyways of the cellar town. Of the first wages he received, which

was at the week's end, he invested part in a pair of overalls and a checked jumper. And so he began to look respectable again.

Stage II. In Which Brocketts Keeps a Sharp Lookout for

Red Headed People, and Changes His Mind.

Tom and Brocketts were in the parlor, as they had come to call the cozy apartment in the barn loft. Brocketts was eating

his supper, Tom was sitting by the stove. Between them was the

table, A cheerful fire sent out a glow into the little room, and

THE OPEN ROAD 505

into their hearts as well, through the abundant isinglass so common in heaters of those days; and this glow was increased, in

the room at least, by the uncertain flicker that came from a candle with a long snuff that bent over darkly like a weeping willow.

Often lately the boys had sat thus of an evening. For Tom had

to stay at the stables for some time after the store closed, and he preferred to sit with Brocketts rather than remain alone in the comfortless box of a room which had been set apart in one corner of the barn for the keeper of the horses.

"Tom,"said the other, "I've been wanting to ask you a question for a long time."This was only the second week of Brocketts'employment with Mr. Bernstein.

"All right, sir,"invited that happygo-lucky person, "fire away But Brocketts did not fire away. The fact is, he seemed to

have some reluctance about broaching the matter. He broke off

a piece of soda biscuit, which he had baked that morning in a tin plate on the stove top, and nibbled away at it leisurely. Tom

looked into the fire ready for the question.

"Are there any 'Mormons'in this town?"It was out at

last.

Tom looked one of his most vacant stares at Brocketts, endeavoring to make out whether he was joking or not. Brocketts

was eternally saying things that you could take two or three ways.

He could not decide in this case. So he only dodged.

''This ain't a town!"he said.

"Well, what is it then?"

Salt Lake City!"This was drawled out "It's a city—Great

with labored emphasis.

"Oh!"Brocketts said. "But you haven't answered my question."

If there had been anything like a decent light in the room, what is to appear in this chapter might be left out—which proves

that people may come to grief through not having enough light on a subject. For, in that event, Brocketts could have watched

Tom's face and divined the situation. But as there was only a dim

candle burning that night, I am compelled to go on with this part of my story.

last, "there's a few of 'em "Why, yes!"Tom answered at

here. What d'you want to know for?"

506 IMPROVEMENT ERA

You see, Tom was walking on thin ice, so to speak. He was

not sure he understood Brocketts, and so he would draw him out a little. "I've heard lots about the 'Mormons,'and I thought I'd like to see one if I could without too much risk."

Tom peered again into the other's face, looked once more at the fire, and slapped his leg resoundingly, a broad grin across his countenance.

"What's the matter, Tom?"demanded Brocketts, thinking

his visitor had suddenly lost his wits.

only just found them. But Tom hadn't—he had

"And so you've heard a good deal about the 'Mormons'!"

Tom repeated, with surprising noncommittal. "What did you

hear, anyway?"

"A whole lot."And Brocketts related all he had heard on the

undergroundway from New York to Omaha and at Omaha—the

passages, the alleged murdering proclivities of the people, and their strange ways of living.

Tom said not a word. Brocketts stuck the prong of his

fork deep into the sardine box and brought out a tiny fish, held it an instant suspended above his open mouth, and bit off small pieces till it was gone. Then he said

"I think I could tell a 'Mormon'if I should see one. They're

between a Nigger and an Indian in color, old Palmer told me.

Palmer, he was a trapper in the West years ago, and he saw three 'Mormons'once. Still I can't exactly imagine what they

look like, though I've seen plenty of Niggers and Indians. But I

think I could tell one, though."

"Could you, now?"said Tom. "I'll bet you couldn't!"

"Maybe I couldn't, after all,"Brocketts backed down. "I

wouldn't bet on it. But I'd like to try. You say there are some

'Mormons'here?"

"A few.""Well, what're they doing here?"

"Not much of anything just least some of them."now—at

Brocketts had noticed an absence of Tom's usual talkativeness and the general vagueness of his answer, but he attributed it to Tom's not knowing much about the subject. He doubted

whether Tom had ever seen a "Mormon,"and so he put the question straight to him.

THE OPEN ROAD 607

Tom declared most emphatically that he had seen more than thing one. As, however, he did not name any exact number—a

he would have done, his friend thought, if he had seen more than one—Brockett laid the whole statement to Tom's natural tendency

to brag. "These 'Mormons'in Salt Lake—how many are there here?"

Brocketts asked, breaking off his first thought to put a specific question. "I don't know exactly."There was that indefiniteness again

"There's more than a dozen, I should say."

"And they're not dangerous, then, are they?"

"No, 1 touched one's coat once when he was passing."

You did!"Here was a thing to glory in, if it was true.

"I'll take you to see one tomorrow. There's two working

in this very store."

This was a piece of news, to be sure. Already Brocketts"

eyes were eager for the sight.

far is -., "Say, about this Utah, where the 'Mormons'live—how

it from here?"

Tom wheeled round on his box and nearly keeled off. Either

Brocketts was a downright fool or a mighty clever joker. The

suspicion crept over Tom that his Eastern friend was guying him.

But the whole thing looked so serious that he answered gravely "Well, I don't know exactly, but it ain't so very far away."

"A hundred miles?"

"About, though some of it's farther than that."

"It must be a big town, then?"

Town! What was this boy thinking about, anyway. Was he

altogether da. But he must keep up the thing now. And so

Tom said 'Very; contains more people than Salt Lake."

The next clay at noon the two boys might have been seen walking gingerly through the back way into the store.

"You see them men over there by the end of that counter?"

Brocketts nodded.

"Well, one of them's a 'Mormon.'Guess which."

There was not any of the three with a complexion between that of Negro and Indian. On the contrary, their skin was as

white as his own. Brocketts admitted his failure.

"You see that one with fiery red hair? That's him!"

508 IMPROVEMENT ERA

And poor duped Brocketts feasted his eyes.

Now, there are redhaired people and redhaired people, as everybody knows. Some have a dark redness about their topknots that might be taken, at a distance, to be nothing less than

brown. Then there are those with a light redness at which you

all the shades between.could warm your hands. And there are

The hair that Brocketts was now looking at was the kind that would touch off a match. He had never seen anything quite like

this before.

"And I thought the 'Mormons'were a very dark people!"

he said with some tinge of disappointment in his voice.

"You see they ain't, though!"

"Yes. And he came from Utah?"

"Guess he did."

"Wonder how many he killed before he came to Salt Lake?"

I'll "Oh, he's too young,"Tom explained. "Come on, and

show you an old 'un."

The boys were in the clothing department. They went now

to the grocery department. Here was a man with as red a head

as the first, but well along in years.

"Bet he's got away with his share!"commented Brocketts,

not intending to infer cannibalistic propensities in him of the light hair.

"Sure! but you can't tell how many. He dassen't kill anybody now, though, cause they'd have him in jail."

"Wonder what tamed him?"Brocketts asked.

But Tom had no information on this point.

his fear as All this set Brocketts'curiosity on edge—and

well. And so there were actually "Mormons"in Salt Lake, and

he had seen some. How the boys at the Orphanage would envy

him the sight. But then at the Orphanage, he recollected, the

"Mormons"had never been heard of. Anyhow, he had not heard

of them. Like everybody else who hears a thing for the first

time he fairly ached to tell somebody else of his strange experience. But he had to be content with keeping things to himself.

He ruminated over the matter of the "Mormons,"at night and in the daytime. He could scarcely get the thing out of his head.

And often, during the next few days, he might have been seen, whenever the opportunity presented, making his way into the

Store where the fieryhaired persons were serving customers,

THE OPEN ROAD 509

Once he saw a redhaired woman come into the place and purchase a long butcher knife, of which she felt the edge.

He told this circumstance to Tom the next day. "Did the

'Mormon'women kill people, too?"he wanted to know.

''Sure!"was the stableboy's answer; "The women's worse

than the men. You don't expect to be killed by a woman, till you

then it's too late. Look out for the womenknow better—and

every time."

Three times Brocketts was on the point of mentioning the matter to Mr. Walton and talking it over with him. He must have

lots of good stories about the "Mormons"—maybe had had some

hairbreadth escapes himself. But Brocketts thought better of

it and said nothing to him about the episode. Not because he had

the least suspicion that Mr. Walton was a "Mormon."Bald on

the top, Mr. Walton had only a fringe of hair round the lower

part of his head. But that was gray and not red. So there could

be no doubt about his religion.

But Brocketts did make up his mind not to go out on the streets any more at night.

A few evenings after this he was siting at supper in his room. Tom came in.

"Well, how's tricks?"inquired the stableboy.

Brocketts said nothing.

Tom took his seat as usual before the fire. "What's the matter?"he said, "Sick?"

skunk!"was the answer. "You're a skunk, Tom—a mean

"A skunk! Well, now, I didn't know that."

"Well, you are, just the same! And I've got a good notion to

pound you into a mummy."

"If you kin, you ought to say!"Tom retorted.

"I feel mad enough to, anyhow."

"And what do you want to pound me for? What have I been

doing to you?"

"You've told me a lot of lies about your own people!"

This was what Tom had been expecting ever since that other night. The only wonder about it was, that Brocketts hadn't

found out the truth sooner. But he was fortified for the blow,

for he said in great astonishment "What, me?"

"Yes, you!"

510 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"And just what lie did I tell you?"Tom demanded.

"You told me the 'Mormons'were all redheaded."

"I showed you a 'Mormon'that was redheaded! That's

all.""But how did I get the idea that all the 'Mormons'were redheaded?"

"Where yon got the idea that Utah was a town, I guess, and where you got the idea that Utah was somewhere else! You

can't point out a single lie I told you."

"Maybe that's so in one way,"admitted Brocketts, "but you lied just the same!"

feller "I guess that's so, too,"Tom conceded. "How could a

help it, though? I never got a chance like that before."

"It was a good one on me, sure! What did you think of

I was a fool?"me, anyway—that

"Well, I didn't know. Once I thought you was guying me,

but I changed my mind when you was so glad I was goin'to show you a 'Mormon.'I was goin'to tell you the straight of it some

day. How did you catch on, anyhow?"

"I talked the matter over with Dudley Brown last night, and he told me the truth, instead of lying."

"Dudley's a fine fellow,"Tom conciliated. "He's got a good

education."

"He told me all about the 'Mormons'. Salt Lake's in Utah,

and this whole country was settled by the Latterday Saints. I

always thought the 'Mormons'were wicked and had underground passages where they dropped folks they wanted to get rid of. What a fool I was!"

''How on earth did you get such notions? I never heard

of them before."

"I got 'em from people who said they knew,"returned

Brocketts. "But, it seems, they either didn't know or they lied.

Dudlev says they sometimes lie about the 'Mormons,'mostly for money. He told me he had an aunt that had to take off her bonnet in the train once to prove that she hadn't any horns! I think

it's downright wicked for people to lie about others like that. Now,

I heard the most dreadful things about Brigham Young, and Dudley says they're all lies! Say, did you ever see Brigham Young?"

"Hundreds of times. I'll take you to the tabernacle some

THE OPEN ROAD 611

Sunday so's you c'n hear him preach. What religion do you bolong to, Brocketts?"

"Catholic. I guess there aren't any Catholics in Salt Lake,

are there?"

"I've not heard of Catholics here. There must be some, though,

'cause there's Methodists and Baptists and Lutherans and Presbyterians; and so there must be Catholics. But you'd better go

to our church, it's better'n any of the others. I don't know as

much about it as I mean to some day, but Dudley knows. You

talk with him."

Brocketts promised, and the two separated for the nightTom glad that the thing had not resulted worse for him, for he expected I don't know what to happen when the secret transpired,

Brocketts rather surprised that his anger could be so easily be appeased. But repentance in the other fellow always took him

off his guard, anyway.

(To be Continued)

Interesting Stories.

SELECTED AND ARRANGED BY GEORGE D. KIRBY.

V. Old Age.

"Old age, especially an honored old age, has so great authority that this is of more value than all the pleasures of youth."Cicero.

There is much profitless talk just now in the country about age as a bar to employment. In mere manual labor when a man

is really physically enfeebled by age, it is a bar that cannot be overcome. In the industrial world it has become accepted that a

man is too old at forty, and the London (Eng.) county council

works decided a year or so ago not to engage men over thirtyfive.

Despite all the evidences of precocity, Mr. Dorland arrives at a

conclusion which in the intellectual world gives an average of fifty for the master work of great men. But it should not be.

The old are needed to "teach the young idea how to shoot."There

is a place for Nestor, even in an army, as well as for Hector.

512 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Youth has its advantages, and age has its own, and the old head on young shoulders is too great a rarity to depend on for the running of the business of the world. But it is noticeable that

the cry for "young blood,"once more prevalent even than now, comes mostly from lips that are old. "It is a crime to be old,"

said one old man caustically to another who had refused him employment on that account—"unless one is an employer."

The question, "Which is the happiest season of life?"being

referred to an aged man, he replied: "When spring comes, and

in the soft air the buds are breaking on the trees, and they are covered with blossoms, I think 'How beautiful is spring'; and

when the summer comes and covers the trees with its heavy foliage, and singing birds are among the branches, I think, 'How beautiful is summer.'When autumn loads them

with golden fruit, and their leaves bear the gorgeous tint of frost, I think, 'How beautiful is autumn.'And when it is

sere winter, and there is neither foliage nor fruit, then I look up through the leafless branches as I never could until now, and see the stars shine."

VI.—A Happy Home.

A happy home is the brightest spot on earth that the eye of

God looks down upon. Love and peace in his home sends sunshine around the man wherever he goes; disorder and trouble

there, misery is everywhere. There are few worries of life which

a man cannot now and then shake off, but who can shake himself free from the skeleton in the closet, from the worry of the household, a blister on the heart. A day will tell how many a man

carried that with him without wincing down to the grave. When

husband and wife are helpmates to each other in the best sense;

when order and love and goodness prevail in the house, then the man who has a hard battle in life to fight can leave his struggles behind him when he enters there. With all our faults

we are the most homeloving of people, and that is the reason why we are the greatest of people. Whatever helps home life is a

national blessing; what hurts home life is a national curse, and

the greatest curse that can touch these blessings is what would tamper with the peace and blessedness of our homes.

Sugar City, Idaho.

Why 1 Became a "Mormon"

ie&timony of a South Australian Convert

BY A. SCRYMGOUR.

It seems to me only reasonable to expect that anyone uniting himself to an organization of any kind should be able to give a reason for selecting that particular one in preference to others, of a somewhat similar nature, and I propose explaining, in as concise a maner as possible, why I, after being in close touch with religious people up to the age of fiftyfive without joining any church should, at that time of life, decide that my place was in the

Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints.

First as to my early life. My parents were good, Godly

people who, I sincerely believe, lived up to the light they possessed. Father was a deacon in the Congregational church, and

mother was a recognized leader in all the women's work of the church. There were five of us brothers, I being the youngest.

We were carefully brought up, and our minds were stored with scripture knowledge; but, of course, from the point of view of

I must saythe church to which our parents belonged—though

they were more liberal minded than most, and in many respects better than their creed. My four brothers as they came of an age

to decide for themselves all joined the same church, and I attended the services and Bible class regularly, until I was eighteen years of age, and then, as I went to sea for some years, the church and

I parted company. No doubt the question will be asked, "What

prevented you from becoming a church member, as your bothers had done?"I can hardly give a satisfactory answer, except that

it seemed to me in a vague sort of way that the God of the churches was not the God of the Bible; and that the scope of the

plan of salvation was too narrow and limited, considering the price at which it had been carried out. At that time I could not

have put my difficulty into words, but with the light which the

Holy Spirit has given me in the evening of life, I can now see that God was in some way preventing me from uniting myself with the church, there being something better in store for me. At

514 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the age of twentyfour I married, and, strange to say, my wife had experienced the same difficulty as myself in attempting to harmonize the creed of her church (the Church of England) with the scriptures; and at last we discontinued the use of both

church and.Bible in despair. So there we were, at the age of

twentyfive, stranded on the rocks of doubt, having plenty of

Biblical knowledge, but no religion, and no one, as far as we could see, able to help us. We were just in the same predicament

as the Ethiopian Eunuch when Philip asked him, "Understandest thou what thou readest?"His reply was, ''How can 1, except

some man should guide me?"

About six years after my marriage, I went to South Africa where my wife joined me later. After some ups and downs, we

found ourselves in Bloemfontein, in what was called then the

Orange Free State. Here we fell in with the Salvation Army,

and joined it, thinking we had found a religion at last with some life and energy in it. But after some time we found that though

the army was doing a good work among the poor and reaching those whom the churches seemed unable to deal with, their creed, as far as they had any, was unscriptural, and the ordinances instituted in the primitive church were entirely ignored.

Eventually, after seven years of soldiership, we drifted away from the army, through our ideas clashing with theirs, and found ourselves in practically the same position we were in seven years before, belonging to nothing, and not knowing where to turn for instruction.

One day, on returning from business, my wife showed me some tracts which had been slipped under the door. They were

The only True Gospel, and one or two others. I may here mention

that although I had never come in contact with any Latterday

Saints I knew who they were, as my father had among his books a History of the Mormons, but who the author was I do not remember.

The same evening that we received the tracts, my wife and

I called on the elders whose names were stamped on the leaflets (Simpkins and Griffiths), and were kindly received by them, and were so much interested in what they told us that we spent about three hours in their company, and when we left had received a very favorable impression of "Mormons"and "Morrnonism."

The elders were made free in our house, and during the next

WHY I BECAME A "MORMON"515

seven years, during which many elders came and went, we studied the gospel. During all this time if there had been anything

wrong with the men or their mission, I should most certainly have found it out. But I was satisfied that I had found a genuine article at last, and decided that the teachings of these much abused

people were true, that I would be one of them, and that their God should be my God. My wife and I were baptized in the Nahoon

river by Elder Alger, and a few months after I was ordained a teacher.

Nearly two years ago we returned to Adelaide. Since my

arrival here I have been advanced to the office of priest, my son and daughter have joined the Church of their own free will, and the former has been ordained a deacon. When I look back over

the past years and see the way the Lord has led me, I can but say with the Psalmist, "Bless the Lord, O my soul, and forget not all his benefits."

Now what did I see in the teachings of this particular Church which attracted me, while those of other churches repelled me?

In thfirst place, their conception of God was one that my reason and faith could accept. A God without body, parts, or passions I

could not conceive of, but a God with a bodily presence, in whose image we were made, and who was our Father in reality, and not in a mystical sense, was something that took hold of me. He

was a being that I could worship, one who could understand me, and not a mysterious, indefinite vapor, diffused throughout the universe. Then again the allembracing scope of the restored

gospel swept the floor clean of all those narrow limitations of its saving efficacy, which in my opinion are so dishonoring to God and Christ.

Next I found that the necessity of the ordinances, as established by Christ and his apostles, was insisted on. This 1 considered quite reasonable, as, if they were not essential, the Savior

would not have taught them. His time was too precious to waste

in things that were a matter of indifference. Again, the common sense teaching agreed with the exact word of scripture regarding the need of proper authority, and the retaining of those

officers which were found in the primitive church. And throughout all the beliefs of the Saints there is felt the underlying truth,

that God means what he says, and it is not for us with our finite minds to alter and twist his words to suit our purposes.

516 IMPROVEMENT ERA

I rejoice that I can testify to the truth of the restored gospel of Jesus Christ, and to my heartfelt conviction that the man

Joseph Smith, who was the instrument in God's hands in opening the last dispensation, is indeed a prophet of the Lord, in just as full and complete a sense as Isaiah or Jeremiah.

Should this sketch of my experience in my search after the truth catch the eye of any of the elders who were in the South

African mission, up to the end of 1909, I would be pleased to hear from them, at the address given below.

Gladstone Road, Mile End, Adelaide.'Sotjth"Australia.

One Everlasting Grip.

If you're ever 'bout to do a thing

That isn't "on the square,"And you try hard to avoid it, But give up in deep despair, That's the time to score a victory

On yourself, right then and there;

That's the time to prove your mettle,

Thats'the place to show your "nip,"

If you'll gather all your forces

In one everlasting grip.

If you're ever swayed by anger,

And you're 'bout to give it vent

In some illconsidered phrases That ere long you will repent,

But you feel the passion rising,

And you simply can't relent;

When you say deep in your bosom, "I can't help it—let 'er rip,"

Ere you yield, just test your power

In one everlasting grip.

If some morbid thought comes knocking

At the portals of your soul, And you're 'bout to let it enter

To assume complete control, Ere you do It, just consider How to hold that thought at bay,

How to summon all your manhood

And to have your sovereign way;

Will you try it? Here's the secret

You can get it on the hip, If you'll gather all your forces

In one everlasting grip. Lor is W. Larsen

Lewiston, Utah.

Little Problems of Married Life"

BY WILLIAM GEORGE JORDAN.

VIII Little Compromises That Make for Happiness.

This life of ours is a constant series of compromises, of concessions, of surrenders of what we hold dearest, and acceptances of what seems second best. That for which we have nobly struggled

may fail us and we find what consolation we can among the wreckage of our hope. We make sacrifices of our desires on the altar

of expediency; we pocket our pride in the interest of our purse

we smile over present loss in the hope of possible future gain.

We travel along the line of ambition by slow freight when we had fondly dreamed of whizzing through on the "limited."We surrender at the Waterloo of a hope and bravely look to regaining at

the next battle. We bow to custom while we inwardly rebel at

the obeisance. We play at battledore between fear of the world

on the one hand and approval of conscience on the other.

It is compromise, sacrifice, paying tribute, placating power, with some one.making terms with the inevitable—compromise

something, some system. Sometimes it is involuntary; sometimes

under protest, with the same variety of cheerfulness we manifest when we surrender our watch to a highwayman. Some of these

compromises are unjust, unwise, cowardly; some are necessary.

There is one place where the spirit of compromise has only its beautiful is, the home. In the home where we can side—that

turn a key and lock our world in and the smaller world out. compromise reaches its highest dignity. It is love manifesting itself

in kindness, thoughtfulness, tenderness, forbearance and selfsurrender. Love makes such compromise an instinct of the soul.

It is as inseparable from real love as perfume is from the rose that exhales it. Compromise, in its true sense, is settling differences by mutual concessions. To be real it must ever be mutual.

If the sprit of compromise be ever on the part of the husband

Copyright, 1910, by Fleming H. Revell Company

518 IMPROVEMENT ERA

only or the wife only, it is unjust. It then means absolute selfishness on the part of one, stimulated and intensified by the unselfishness of the other. It makes a Dead Sea of love wherein

assessthe waters of affection flow without issuance—constant

ments with no dividends.

If marriage meant the wedding of a saint and an angel there would be no problems to solve, no perfection to attain, no progress to make. This may be why there are said to be no marriages in

it is differheaven. On earth, except in the pages of fiction,

ent; husband and wife are usually strongly human. Not matter how lovingly united or how sweet their accord,

they never have the same temperaments, tendencies and tastes Their needs are different, their manner of looking at things is not identical, and in varying ways their individualities assert themselves. Concession is merely a

buffer or spring in the home machinery. It eases the jolts, lessens the friction, distributes the strain, reduces the wear and

tear, prevents each part from injuring itself or another. Concession in the home is the fine diplomacy of the heart. It is delicate

selfadjustment to the individuality of another. It is selfsacri-

fice in trifles without sacrifice of priciples.

A man who before marriage used to write his initials fourteen times on an evening dancecard may, after attaining the dignity of husbandhood, claim he is too tired to go into society, too wearied to go to entertainments or to make calls, though his wife may still desire to see her old friends and to keep alive some of the wires connecting the home with the outside world. Here is

an opportunity for a compromise, for him to realize that the pleasures of both are to be considered, that a graceful surrender occasionally to her desire is but equity. If he do it under visible

protest, with the disguised cheerfulness of one going to the dentist's, he has killed the merit of his compromise.

If she feel that during the whole evening away from; home

he is suffering the orthodox afterdeath fate of the wicked, he has spoiled it all, wrecked the pleasure of both. He should make her

radiant in the thought that he has been glad to do it if it gave her a little change and extra happiness. His deference to her wishes

will stimulate in her a desire to reciprocate, to make some sweet li'.tle sacrifice for him and never let him know how much it may

cost her.

LITTLE PROBLEMS OF MARRIED LIFE 519

There may be some simple dress of hers that he loves to have her wear. It has memories or associations or something else

that pleases him. She knows it does not fit well in the back, and

that the sleeves are actually two seasons behind the times, and no one wears them that way now. He maybe in blissful ignorance

of the awfulness of a woman daring to defy fashion, but at home, some rainy night, when no one will make a call, it really would not hurt much if she were sweetly to put on this dress unexpectedly to please him. Little compromises and concessions make up—just

much of the poetry of married life; standing ever squarely on

one's rights constitute its prose.

At any critical moment if both express, at the same time, a desire to defer to the other's taste, the result is foreordained for happiness. This makes matrimony not merely union, but unison

and unity; it makes it a duet rather than two solos. Matrimony is

not a game of chess where one must be victor; it more resembles

true conversation where the pleasure arises from the united contributions. In the choice of a home, in the matter of furnishing,

in the question of servants, in the management of the household, occur daily little problems that seem to solve themselves in the spirit of compromise, of quietly talking matters over, of gentle conference of two, working to the attainment of a common aim and a single ideal. These, after all, are only questions of tasti

and of judgment; often more subtle and vital are those problems

that relate to temperament.

Sometimes a word of impatience may bring its echoing reply in the same spirit to the lips of the other, but a second's firmness, just a momentary selfcontrol, an instant's translation of the thought into another key, of sweetness and sympathy, and the desecrating discord has been passed in safety. Sometimes, too,

a silence of gentle reproof may be oil of compromise on the troubled waters.

it Most of the surrenders in married life are in trifles where really makes no difference which surrenders. The great questions, the large problems, usually unfold all their phases under the

sunshine of conference, and the issue is the dual wisdom in a single verdict which is unanimous. If the matter be vital and the

jury of two cannot agree on a verdict, then it seems part of the wisdom of compromise for the one who is the abler judge of what is proper and fitting in the special instance to decide the moment520 IMPROVEMENT ERA

ous question with the force of a final vote.

There are occasionally topics of conversation upon which the two cannot agree, where the husband or the wife feels the

Tightness or wrongness of a certain subject with an intensity that seems to brook no opposition. It may be as far outside the field

of logic as the most distant star is beyond the solar systemthen what is the use of trying to put new life into a dead issue by it reallydiscussion? When the signs "Thin ice"are conspicuous,

might seem like prudence to confine the conversational skating nearer to the shore line. Argument in general is dangerous, and

often a graceful dropping of the subject is a kindly admission that there may be two sides to the question.

Do you not think we often expect too much of those who are dear to us and that this very exaggeration may often render us unjust? The optimistic effort to make the best of things, to look

as closely as possible on the sunny side of life and its problems, to keep away from needless worry and useless regret will do much towards lubricating the wheels of the domestic regime. It is a

special ability nottalent worthy of cultivation in the home—the

to see certain little inharmonies that may adjust themselves if they are unnoted.

The spirit of compromise does not demand a continuous performance in the way of selfsurrender and selfsacrifice; it does

not require ceasing to be a voice and becoming an echo; it does not

imply or justify any loss of individuality. It means simply the instinctive recognition of the best way out of a difficulty, the quickest tacking to avoid a collision, the kindly view of tolerance in the

presence of the weakness and errors of another. It is the courage

to meet an explanation halfway, the generosity to be the first to apologize for a discord, the largeness of mind that does not fear a sacrifice of dignity in surrendering in the interests of the highest harmony of two rather than the personal vanity of one. The

spirit of compromise rolls away many of the stones from the pathway of love and happiness.

("Providing for the Future"is the title of the next article in this series.)

The Church and the Lottery

BY MILTON BENNION, PROFESSOR OF PHILOSOPHY,

UNIVERSITY OF UTAH.

Any form of gambling has a great fascination for the ordinary human mind. Savages become addicted to the habit as

readily as Chinese become opium fiends. There are perhaps two

main reasons why games of chance are so attractive. One is the

desire to get something valuable for nothing, an immoral development of property instinct; the other is the desire for excitement,

something to keep the nervous system in a high state of tension.

The latter type of desire is also manifest in the popularity of any sort of thrilling contest or fight, bull fight, or exhibition—prize

any spectacular and apparently dangerous performance. When

well developed, the desire for something of this sort becomes a mental disease.

In the history of European people, since the time of the

Roman Emperor, Augustus, the lottery has been one of the most common forms of appealing to the gambling instinct. The practice is said to have developed under Augustus in his custom "of

distributing at his feasts sealed pockets, similar in appearance, but praccontaining orders for articles of very different values"—a

tice akin to the modern fish pond, so popular with children..Since

Roman times, the lottery has frequently been used by governments as a means of raising money to build churches, colleges, and charitable institutions.

The practice was very popular in America in the eighteenth century. Nearly a century ago, however, there came a powerful

reaction against this practice. It was prohibited by law in England and France, before the middle of the nineteenth century. In

America it was made illegal by one state after another, until it is now practically wiped out as a legalized activity. Late in the nineteenth century the Federal government gave the practice a hard

blow by forbidding the use of the mails by lottery companies.

The matter was discussed by Benjamin Harrison in one of his

522 IMPROVEMENT ERA

messages to Congress, in no uncertain language, as the following quotations will show

The people of all the states are debauchsd and defrauded.* * * * *

The use of the mails by these companies is a prostitution of an agency only intended to serve the purposes of a legitimate trade and a decent intercourse. ******

It is not necessary, I am sure, for me to attempt to portray the robbery of the poor, and the widespread corruption of public and private morals which are necessary incidents of these lottery schemes.'

In more recent times, other forms of gambling have flourished from time to time, such as cards, bookmaking on horse races, roulette wheels, pools, pots, and what not, all of which have been prohibited by law in many states of the Union. In American

cities the suppression of gambling is always one of the hardest problems of the police department. The suppression of candy raffles, and other forms of the gamling art that appeal to children, is

now one of the problems of the Juvenile court. Thus far, these

officers of the law have, apparently, assumed that they had need only to watch the saloons and gambling resorts for instances of violation of the law. Recently some attention has been given to

some of the merchants, but it remains yet to enforce the law in the churches. Or shall the churches claim a monopoly of this

vice? Shall they alone be exempt from prosecution in order that

they may reap a few dollars with which to reclaim the souls they by this means tend to corrupt? Can an institution whose chief

business it is to save souls afford to resort to any means the tendency of which is to destroy souls?

It is perhaps needless to say, as an item of news, that there has been a recent epidemic of church fairs, a marked characteristic of which has been an appeal to the gambling instinct in some form. Raffling, guessing games with chances to win or lose, and

betting on contests, are symptoms characteristic of the malady.

To these may be added penny votes for queen, or for the most popular lady; or possibly some other scheme to get money out

of people who, persumably, are otherwise unwilling to donate to the church.

In denfense of these practices, it is sometimes said that the money is not given because of the gambling element involved, or the appeal to vanity in the voting contest, but simply as a donation to the church, or to charity. If this were the case it would be

THE CHURCH AND THE LOTTERY 523

good buisness policy to collect the money ciirtctly as donations, and sell, on business principles, the articles donated to the fair.

This would bring, in the aggregate, more money than is raised by the methods described above. The fact that objectionable

methods are used is practically an admission that appeal is made to the gambling instinct in order to increase the revenues. If this

is legitimate on the ground that the end justifies the means, it must be noted, in the first place, that the managers of the fair are looking at the wrong money above character end—placing

the latter is valuable as an end, the former is only a means. But,

from another point of view, should we accept the justification offered, what is the logical consequence? Might not the money

harvest be increased by dispensing intoxicants at the fair? This

would doubtless attract the saloon element who, under the stimulus of wine as well as games of chance, would readily part with their coins.

We do not question the motives of those responsible for the methods so frequently used at church fairs. We think, however,

that in their efforts to raise money they have failed to see the possible consequence of the methods employed. When children

are urged at the fair to do things that parents warn them against, or absolutely forbid, there is produced an estranged relation between the church and the home, instead of mutual support in the great problem of moral and religious education. In the long run

this is bound to count against the church. It tends to drive away

the support that is of most worth to the church. And, if the games

of chance attract to the church young people who would not otherwise come, what has it done for them? Is the influence of the

games leading to the spiritual life, or to something quite the reverse?

A GLIMPSE OF ST. JOHNS, ARIZONA

The Birthplace of the Bard of Avon

BY SHIRLEY PENROSE JONES

There is a story in the Arabian Nights of a wonderful carpet and, so the story goes, whoever rested upon it could, by merely expressing the desire, be transported to where fancy directed. In

this twentieth century age of matterof-fact prosaicness one may have an experience equally delightful and romantic, with the added enjoyment of being carried back along the trail of time into the dim and charming past. The magical carpet may, in this instance, be substituted by a fast express train that, with desecrating haste and impatient cough, transports us ages back to the numerous oldworld towns and villages of England, arousing in

startled surprise these venerable spots from the lethargy which progress has failed to disturb. One of the most interesting of

all these villages is Stratfordupon-Avon, the birthplace of Engand it is there we shall turnland's revered poet—Shakespeare,

our eyes for a passing glimps.

Lying, as it does, in the heart of an interesting and romantic country of green fields, sweet meadows and quaint old legends,

Stratford has a location alike charming and appropriate. Situated

on the banks of the Avon, which is nothing more than a tranquil stream, it looks on every side upon the simple, yet lovely, scenery of rural England. We feel at once that no other place in the world

could have been so suitable for the birthplace of the great poet, whose kindly philosophy has entranced the world, as this sober, retiring village.

Among our first impressions of the place is one of quietude.

The very wind seems to blow more softly that it may not disturb the spirit of repose. Have you ever entered a church just as the

last strains of an anthem are dying away among the echoes while the congregation is listening hushed and silent? It so, you have

an idea of the influence Statfordon-Avon had over us, one beautiful summer day not long since.

With minds fully resolved to temporarily cast aside our material bodies, and permit our spirits to wander at will through

THE BIRTHPLACE OP THE BARD OF AVON 525

the halls of memory, now let us lift the curtain of past years and begin our tour of inspection. But we are doomed to disappointment. For no sooner are we thus resolved than our rosecolored

picture of bygone days is shattered, and with a rush back comes the twentieth century upon us in the form of a shrieking motor car, whose tooting horn and grinding brake frighten antiquity away. We realize with a sigh that Stratfordon-Avon is not so

antique as we imagined. So, like martyrs that we are, we shall

join a party of tourists, composed largely of Americans, and visit the various places of interest. It may be remarked here that during the summer months the village is nearly owned by Americans,

so we may feel perfectly at home and quite prepared for an instructive day, during our pilgrimage.

ANNE HATHAWAY'S COTTAGE, STRATFORDON-AVON

This cottage is situated at Shottery, about one mile west of Stratford. Here in this picturesque, halftimbered building, with a thatched

roof, was born Anne Hathaway, who in 1582 was married to Shakespeare.

They had three children. Anne survived her husband about seven years

and was buried beside him in Holy Trinity Church.

About one mile to the west, in the little village of Shottery, is the cottage of Anne Hathaway, wife of the poet. It is a farm

house of the Elizabethan period and its old fashioned thatched roof inside is in keeping with the general aspect of the place. We go

and examine the different rooms, so carefully preserved by loving hands.

In the kitchen is a big open fireplace where the Hathaway family were wont, on cold winter evenings, to sit listening to the 526 IMPROVEMENT ERA

logs crackle as the flames roared up the chimney. This chimney

is a huge ailair, tor the three of us may stand abreast, upright in it, and see the blue sky through the aperture above. Of course

we inspect the turniture, pottery, and other articles more or less intimately associated with the cottage, while the ladies try to deceive each other, and themselves, with their knowledge of antiquity, and the men endeavor to look interested as they murmur, "mos; remarkable."

From bhottery we return to Stratford, through the fields where Shakespeare kept tryst with his lady love, and visit the uirthplace of the poet, it is formed of two houses communicating with each other. In the one we first enter Shakespeare was

born and spent his childhood, the other was used by his father as a storehouse for farm produce in which he traded. The rooms

of the birthhouse are almost barren of furniture, but in the two roonio of the other are various and sundry articles so antique and interesting that the hearts of collectors must yearn for their possession. Among the most interesting and valuable are original

legal documents certifying the purchase by the poet of land and property in or near the town; original quarto editions of the

Merchant of Venice, a. Midsummer Night's Dream, and King

Lear, all published in Shakespeare's life time, and a gold ring engraven with the poet's initials, and known as "Shakespeare's Ring."

in the upper room an original drawing, by Guilio Romano, whom

Shakespeare mentions in The Winter's Tale Act V, scene 2, line 106 as, "that rare Italian Master,"is among the chief objects of interest. There are so many more that we must omit mention

of them, and we now ascend the steep, narrow stairway to the upper room, where the poet was born. The ceiling here is beginning to sag with the weight of years and supports are necessary

to hold it in place. Before a register was provided, visitors signed

their names on the walls, windows and ceiling and we read the names of many celebrated characters inscribed on these novel registers. If memory serves me right it is on one of the windows

that we read the name of Sir Walter Scott. At the back of the

house is a pretty garden in which are planted trees, plants and flowers mentioned in the poet's works.

Not far from the birthplace are foundations of the house in which Shakespeare died, 1616. The house itself was pulled down

at an early date and only the foundations remain. The garden

THE BIRTHPLACE OF THE BARD OF AVON 627

at the back of these remains is part of the poet's great garden, and on the central lawn is planted a mulberry tree; a slip of the

famous tree is said to have been planted by Shakespeare, in 1609.

All of these places, thus far mentioned, were purchased by the nation by public subscription, and are carefully preserved, as nearly as possible in their original state.

There are many other places of interest in Stratfordupon-

Avon, such as Harvard House, home of the wife of John HarSHAKESPEARE'S BIRTHPLACE. STRATFORDON-AVON

Among the most famous and most visited places in England. Here,

April 23, 1564, was born the greatest poet and dramatist the world has ever seen. On the premises is now a museum of Shakespearean relics.

Shakerpeare died at New Place, in the town, on his birthday, 1616.

vard, founder of Harvard university; the grammar school, and

guild hall, where Shakespeare was educated and where he first saw one of his plays produced. Also the residence of Marie Corelli, the famous novelist, and the memorial theatre, a large Gothic

building erected upon the river banks.

But, possibly, the most charming and delightful of all is the old Trinity church, where lie the mortal remains of the bard. It

is cruciform with a slight deflection said to represent the drooping of our Lord's head upon the cross. Inside sacred music is

played on a sweet toned organ, and we viewed the graves of the poet and his wife, as they lie side by side, still and cold, with almost reverential awe. The sun filters through beautiful stainef

glass windows and is so softened that it makes an atmosphere of

528 IMPROVEMENT ERA

shadowy solitude. Outside in the graveyard we wander among

the mossgrown tombstones along the bank of the passive river.

The hearts of all are touched by the influence of the spot. Serenely the Avon flows on its way, never heeding the petty trials or

troubles of us humans, but fulfiling its destiny to soothe the aching hearts of men with an example of unruffled tranquility.

As a fitting finale to the days entertainment, what can be more appropriate than witnessing a production of one of the great dramatist's plays in the theatre dedicated to his memory.

A special London company performs during the summer months, so we may have the impressions of the day sealed upon us by enjoying the work of the man in whose honor we are assembled.

Between the acts we wander beneath a dark summer sky through the grounds connected with the theatre, music, faintly heard from within the edifice, mingles with the gentle murmur of the river and the indistinct voices of other strollers, combining to make us realize the moving power of God.

In conclusion we will say that the charm of Stratfordupon-

Avon lies not in the buildings associated with the poet's life, not in sticks and stones, although they lend assistance, but rather in the spirit of these scenes and places; the knowledge that here was

born and died one whose portrait is prominently hung in the galleries of greatest dramatist and poet England has distinction—the

ever known.

Httli,/ England.

The Burst of Light

The dawn approaches, and the shadows fade away.

From dismal depths there bursts a flood of radiant light.

The sun climbs swiftly upward, and the newborn day

Dispels the darkness and the ugly mists of night.

Thus, from the gloom of ignorance, a truth may spring

Its light resplendent lighting up some murky sky!

And one of us full well a sun might be, to bring

The welcome ray of truth that lights and cannot die.

Le Roy Leishman.

Locn, Utah, Reminiscences of the Salt Lake Theatre

The Barber Shop and Scene Painter's Gallery—Sidelights upon

the Pioneers and Worshippers of Thalia, Clio and Melpomene

BY ALFRED LAMBOURNE, WITH AN INTRODUCTION BY HEBER

J. GRANT. PEN SKETCHES BY GEORGE M. OTTINGER

Introduction.

T read with keenest interest the article by Alfred Lambourne in the Deseret News of Saturday, December 30, entitled, "Reminiscences of the Old Salt Lake Theatre,"and if this article shall appeal to readers of the Era half as much as it did to me, I should like to see it reproduced.

One of the things which stamped President Brigham Young a great man, in my estimation, was that he not only took great interest in the spiritual welfare of his people, but also in the temporal, for he established a savings bank, a cooperative store, and built the Salt Lake Theatre. I recall that when Gen. Lew Wallace, the celebrated author of Ben Hur and The Prince of India,

was in Salt Lake some years ago, the then manager of the theatre asked if he would like to meet the President of the "Mormon"

Church, and his answer was, "No."He afterwards said he

knew that the prominent men who were connected with the early rise of the Church came from New England, and he thought they were a narrow, bigoted, sectarian lot. After the manager had

shown him through Zion's Cooperative store, Zion's Savings

Bank building, taken him to hear the organ in the great Tabernacle, and accompanied him to the theatre; and the General

learned that Brigham Young established the store, and the Bank, and had the theatre and the tabernacle built, he requested to be introduced to the President of the Church. I learned from the

late President John Henry Smith that after his visit here until the day of his death General Wallace was always a great admirer 530 IMPROVEMENT ERA

of the Latterday Saints. He made some very flattering remarks

about the breadth of mind of the Churchman who had established a cooperative store, a savings bank, and built a theatre and a tabernacle. He considered that such a

man was entitled to be called a statesman.

There were so many thoughts and recollections arose in my mind, as I read the scenic artist's article on the theater, that I am sure I could fill many pages of the Era, were I to record a tithe of them.

Speaking of the "barber shop"reminds me of the barber, John Squires, that pleasant, genial man who was everybody's faALFRED LAMBOURNE. voritei and wh for

many years conducted a shop on Main street. "The watchman who sits implacable as fate,"was William Derr, a

man whom everybody liked, and whose son, George

Derr, years afterwards became treasurer of the Salt Lake

Theatre. The "portly man"referred to, was the late President

George A. Smith. As a broadminded statesman and a man who

took interest in everything tending to the uplifting of the community, he stood second only to Brigham Young. It seems very

prope v that he should make a speech "in praise of peace,"and very appropriate that he should be the father of our late, wellbeloved President, John Henry Smith, one of the greatest peacemakers and lovers of mankind I ever knew.

"The actor"who was to impersonate "Sir Giles Overreach,"was David McKenzie. and I can remember as a boy how he was

my ideal hero, for he always played the heroic parts. I can also

remember how I looked upon the late lamented Al. Thorne as a

REMINISCENCES OE THE SALT LAKE THEATRE 631

villain, as he always assumed this role. In after years, when I

found what a genial, wholesouled man Al. was, I awakened to

the fact that the stage often gives wrong impressions to the youth.

Miss Sara Alexander was the "premeir danseuse,"and is still alive; her home is in New York, I believe. I, too, remember

her "merry eyes and infectious laugh."

THE SALT LAKE THEATRE.

In which was celebrated the 50th anniversary of its opening,

March 8, 1912.

The "young lady,""charming, vivacious, petite,"who was the admiration of all the boys who attended the theatre in those early days, was Miss Aseneth Adams, the mother of the renowned actress, Maud Adams. The "judge"referred to, who was to perform the marriage ceremony for the scenic artist, was the father

of Manager George D. Pyper, the late Alexander Pyper. Those

it strange that George D., of us who knew the father do not think

his son, is such a pleasant, genial, companionable fellow—how

can he help it? He was born that way.

532 IMPROVEMENT ERA

The "blind poet"was our late, wellbeloved, Henry W. Naisbitt, who wrote that sweet poem, "Rest, rest, on the hillside,

rest."The music tor this poem was written on the spur of the

moment, for the funeral of the late President Joseph Young, father of President Seymour B. Young, by the "orchestra director,"George Careless, who also wrote the funeral march for the

great pioneer, President Brigham Young. A party once remarked

to Horace G. Whitney, "1 understand that, musically, George

Careless is now considered a back number."Mr. Whitney, than

whom there is no better dramatic and musical critic, answered as quick as a flash, "The man who wrote the music for the song, "Rest, rest, on the hillside, rest,"will never be a back number in music."The "counselor"who walked with Brigham Young, was the late, wellbeloved, President Daniel H. Wells. I have always been

grateful that he was one of those who had a box, or more properly speaking, "a seat,"in the old theatre, because I occasionally was one of its occupants, being counted in as a member of the family, an honor which, in after years, became a reality. I am

sure, too, that some of my children will ever be proud of being entitled to refer to him as grandfather.

The "first governor,"namely, Heber M. Wells, not only

made a magnificent record as the State of Utah's first executive, for r.me years, but he is considered by myself and many others

as one of the best, if not the best local actor that Utah has yet produced.

The "tall boy,"the carrier of water to the upper circle, for the privilege of getting in, was your humble servant, and when the thirsty crowd in the third circle emptied the fivegallon coal oil can used as a water bucket, and I had to walk across the road to the nearest well, beyond the Social Hall, to refill it, I often wished that the "gods of the galleries"had filled up on water before they reached the theatre. Years later, when I was the

president of the Salt Lake Theatre Company, and sat in my box and gazed up to the third gallery, I frequently thought of the "tall boy"who carried water to that section, and my mind went back to the time when he, too, appeared on the stage of the Salt

Lake Theatre, as one of the pickaninnies in "Uncle Tom's Cabin."

It hardly seems possible that before this article goes to print, performances will have been given, celebrating the 50th anniversary

REMINISCENCES OF THE SALT LAKE THEATRE 533

oi the opening of the Salt Lake Theatre. It seems but a short

year since I, as a child, saw the building completed.

There are many others not mentioned by Mr. Lambourne,

whose connection with the Salt Lake Theatre is very vivid to me, and I will mention a few: Hiram B. Clawson; Phil Margetts; Jimmie Hardy, afterwards a celebrated actor in England;

John T. Caine, subsequently our delegate to Congress; John C.

Graham, the founder of the Provo Inquirer; and my mother's

and my much beloved friend, Henry Maiben.

These and a thousand other recollections come to my mind upon perusing Mr. Lambourne's article. I again express the

nope that his "reminescences"may give your readers half as much pleasure as they gave me, and if so, they will thank you for reproducing them.

Heber J. Grant.

Reminiscences BY ALFRED LAMBOURNE.

Thought, you said, Well, my friend, I hope that in this letter you will find something to suggest to your imagination the faith, the ambition, the hopes, the fears, the mistakes, the disappointments, the triumphs of the pioneers. I have reason to

think of my schoolroom, of the ethics I was taught upon the scene painter's galley of the play house that I laud.

"The thing done avails,"said Landor, "and not what is said abou: it."Being of that same opinion, I always around the playhouse took a greater interest in the happenings, those that affected

real life and helped to shape events, than in the plays or in the actors themselves. Upon the scene painter's galley I digested

strong food. Sometimes the scenes I beheld were comic, sometimes tragic, sometimes they were blended, for Thalia will not

always make her exit when enters Melpomene. But tonight my

reminiscences are of the barber shop.

The barber shop? What was that? you will ask. Well, the

barber shop, my friend, was one of the many features which once made the historic theater so complete. In the early days the

playhouse was as well equipped for all demands as is an oceangoing ship. There were the green room, band room, property

room, carpenter's shop, scene painter's galley, manager's room, proprietor's room, costume rooms and others. But, of course,

534 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the barber shop was unique. There the rough, the unclipt and

unshaven actor could be made smoothfaced, by the artist, and made ready for his part, whatever it might be.

this is to be a A "New Way to Pay Old Debts."Why

benefit night. No doubt the attendance will be large. For me,

..A, &/&-S&M&. fry ia

VIEW OF THE SALT LAKE THEATRE.

the years have rolled backward, the snow is falling, there is a mantle of white over the "City of the Saints."They shake the

snow from their shoulders, those who come through the theatre side door. Those are door keepers, stage hands, property men,

musicians, actresses, actors. But others who, we will see, are civic

dignitaries and high officials of the Church. Many of those

are c-vvners of stalls, benches I should say, and the social rank which the play house holds makes them not averse to certain prerogatives. The watchman, he who sits implacable as fate at the

private entrance, he knows them all. He knows each one's status;

he knows the rights or the accorded privileges of all those who come to the theatre side door.

Of these there enters first into the barber shop a man, a very large and portly man. He has a rugged face, a face very

REMINISCENCES OF THE SALT LAKE THEATRE 535

much like, I should imagine, to Doctor Johnson, the one whom

Boswtll has written into fame. This is the Church historian,

he is a "counselor,"too. He is the man who first planted a

potato in all this surrounding land. The scene painter has heard

him preach. It was in the tabernacle last Sunday, the sermon

was very much like the man. He has heard him "speak,"too. It

THE BARBER SHOP.

was in "The Bowery,"under the roof of gathered branches on the

Temple square. The man spoke in praise of peace. That was

on the anniversary of Pioneer he deprecated day—July 24—and

in the celebration the firing of cannon. He loved the stillness of

the mountain like to hear it broken; the noise valleys—he did not

reminded him too much of the bells of Babylon.

The opposites are there tonight. The scene painter, like

others, lingers in the barber shop to listen to, or to exchange a word with, those who will pass through. The actor who is to

impersonate Sir Giles Overreach is dressed for the part. He

speaks for a few moments to the premier danseuse. The latter

will rot take part in the play tonight, but will go to her seat in the parquette stall. She has bright, merry eyes, an infectious

laugh. Angels were once seen to watch, so the writer was told,

a performance in the theatre. They stood at the base of the

proscenium arch. They must have been Puritan angels, for when

536 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the danseuse appeared, in spite of all her fairness, her grace and skill, lhe angels were seen to weep.

This appears to be a night of firsts. Here is a young lady,

charming, vivacious, petite. There are young men among the

assembling audience who will fall in love with her this night.

the first female child born inShe has this distinction—she was

THE OLD TABERNACLE, WHERE NOW STANDS THE

ASSEMBLY HALL.

this mountain valley. Some day, however, her daughter is to win

greater fame as an actress. Her name will shine brightly through

all the theatrical world.

Speed my pen! Who is at the side door but "Crazy Bob."

He ai>ks for the scene painter. The time has come to paint the

"banner."There is a star within his brain, the madman says. He

has visions of consuming fire. Like Mucklewrath, he preaches.

Of money, silver or gold, "Crazy Bob"has none. He cannot pay

thus for the service which he asks the"scene painter to perform.

But in return for the painting of the banner, he will give ten fold. He will march at the head of his procession—the meek,

the lowly, the pure in heart. He will plead for the scene painter

when the proper time shall come. Grand old mad man, with his

guidance, with his password, I shall go triumphant through the gates of heaven.

The demented one who called for the scene painter at the theatre door was large of stature, a man of wondrous strength,

REMINISCENCES OF THE SALT LAKE THEATRE 537

But now there passes through the barber shop a man who in size is a dwarf. He is slightly humpbacked, his face is pale, he is

fragile. He is the billposter of the house. Talk with this man

in public, and he is gentle, he is humble. But talk with him in

private, touch him on this one subject, and his eye will burn as flame. What subject? Hopeless love. Ah! there is a heart in

that misshapen body. Aye! and by the rood, the one whom he

loves is at this very moment out in the theatre audience. She is

in her father's private box. She is a blonde. She has eyes of

blue. Indeed, her father is very important. Under the auditorium in the southeastern corner of the playhouse, the dwarf has

a room. Here he has sacred relics, there he has bits of wearing

apparel, there he has trinkets that her hand has touched. "O, I

know what I am,"he will sometimes say to the scene painter, "but may I not worship? Ah! and in the coming world?"Poor

dwarf! Then there are in reality such beings as that, such beings,

I mean, as Quasimodo? Yes, this dwarf he can love as blindly,

as hopelessly, as did the bellringer of Notre Dame.

Certainly, did he but know, the young scene painter would look with wondering interest at the three men who now pass through the barber shop. But he is thinking not of the future

now. Two of the men are not attaches of the play house in any

way, but the third person conducts this night the theater orchestra. The first person is called "Judge."A time is to come when

his son will be the manager of the house. A day will dawn, too,

when for the scene painter he will perform the marriage ceremony. The second person shall one day be called "The Blind

Poet."This man, to alleviate a deep sorrow, will yet write some

beautiful verse, "Rest, on the hillside, rest."The orchestra leader

will set beautiful music, a plaintive melody, to the beautiful words, and they will yet be sung over the mortal remains of tens of thousands. Indeed, the words and music will be sung over the wife

that is to be of the scenepainter's when she, alas, is dead. The

poet and the scene painter shall yet speak together of this, that is, wnen the poet's now brown, glossy locks are white as snow, sightless. And tearswhen his eyes are of a wonderful blue—but

shall stream down the cheeks of the blind poet, and he shall say in a tremulous voice, "Ah! there in the love of the people, I am

secure."But the other, the slightlv built musician, he with the dark 538 IMPROVEMENT ERA

eyes and hair, the nervous gait? It will be his task, too, to compose the funeral march of the leader, Brigham Young.

Brigham Young, that is his voice, and it is a voice slow, measured, filled with an infinitude of selfwill and determination.

As this man passes through the barber shop all other voices in the room are stilled, and all ears are strained to hear what the

e-c...

THE SCENE PAINTER'S GALLERY..

president may say. It is a Yankee voice, there is no mistaking

that. By his side walks a "counselor,"and his son will be the

first governor of the future state. Soon the word will go from

dressing room to dressing room that the "Big Chief"has come tonight. Each actor and actress will do their best. Such was

always the case when the president was in his box.

It was in the scene painter's galley that the writer first met

Brigham Young. It was on an afternoon, rehearsal was over,

the scene painter thought himself alone. Anon he heard in the

barber shop below the sound of foot steps. Then slowly and

firmly it came up the gallery stairs. Then the maker appeared.

Unheralded and unseen, the great "Mormon"leader had come

REMINISCENCES OF THE SALT LAKE THEATRE 539

upon a tour of inspection. Brigham Young was famed for completeness; whatever he did, he did thoroughly. He possessed a

genius for details. Those details he entrusted to others, but he

would see himself that his orders were carried out. He appeared

that day to think especially of the play house's clanger from fire.

He broke, with the end of his goldheaded cane, the thick crusts that had been allowed to gather over the barrels of salt. He

shook his head and compressed his lips. He performed a labor

which should have been done by others. No doubt but that the

guilty party was reprimanded.

And the funeral of Brigham Young. It was impossible for

me to disassociate that event from my memories of the play house.

! The great man had built itHow hushed and still was the place

his D"esence seemed everywhere. On the scene painter's gallery,

there lay the idle brushes, there dried upon the big palette the brilliant colors. One could hear from there the noise of the great

gathering crowds in the street.

Later in the day I met my artist friend, G. M. Ottinger, who

painted the very first garden, that was rolled out upon scene—the

the theater stage. He had taken the death mask of Brigham

Young. He had taken the measurements of the dead leader. He

told me some interesting facts. He spoke of the delicate hands

and feet. But the small, plump, white hand I already knew.

They had been clasped in mine upon the scene painter's gallery.

And at that time I realized that the Moses of the west had "sized me up"so to speak, morally, mentally and physically.

The barber shop, how prosaic the name, how filled with poetry the place! What sparkling wit, what words of badinage,

what brilliant, repartee those walls have heard! O, it is like a

"Dream of Fair Women,""A Ballade of Dead Ladys"to but think of the beauty that place has known! And the genius, too!

this dingy floor?Who has walked across the narrow space of

Among them, that of George Fancis Train, Oscar Wilde, the younger Charles Dickens, Theodore Tilton, Robert G. Tngersoll,

Moody and Sankey, De Witt Talmage, Henry Ward Beecher,

Henry M. Stanley, and Charles Kingsley, the author of Westward, Ho!

I will not repeat the list. And many actors, Booth—but

And the actresses? Who of such beauty could make a

choice 7 540 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"Her loveliness with shame and with surprise froze my swift speech."Neilson, Modjeska, Langtry, they have passed through this little room. And Kate Claxton, and Rose Coghlan and Celia

Howson, too. All those who were so fair in the bygone days.

And Rose Evans, with her eyes seagreen, and her hair bronzeTHE GREEN ROOM.

gold, and Lucille Western, with hair and eyes like the midnight

Anderson, who had been called thesky, and lastly she—Mary

saint of the stage. But of their beauty one need not to make a

choice.

The Grecian Helen, so the legend tells, was blonde or brunette, according to the one who loved.

But the audience has become impatient, it calls for the play.

Perhaps, at this moment there is a boy among the gallery gods who is vociferous as the others. If so, he has gained his admission into the play house by the carrying of water from a well a

block away, and then up the steep and winding stairs that lead to the upper circle. I wonder if he imagines that some day he will

REMINISCENCES OF THE SALT LAKE THEATRE 641

be the president of the Dramatic association? That tall boy, if he

be there, will believe that the villain in the play is always a villain, in private life as well as upon the stage. There will come a

time when he will tell the writer so.

since that Ah! Some of us have traveled since then—I mean

night that I recall in the barber shop. Then we believed so implicitly. Now we have seen realities. There are those among

us who have watched the moonlight fall upon the stone terrace of Elsinore, others have seen the twilight behind the towers of

Glamis Castle, and others still have walked upon the Kialto and seen the tomb of the Capulets. Or still others have beheld where

King Lear stood upon Dover Cliff, or lingered in Queen Caththe glamor of theerine's rooms in the Tower of London—and

play home came back to the mind.

Tick! Tick! The clock runs fast. I had become so interested

in these few reminiscences that I had almost forgotten that I was alone. Shall I take my hat, shall I don my coat, shall I go and

look once more at the old play house? Shall I go in at the small

side door and ascend the stairs? No! no! not tonight. The scene

is no one there. Itpainter's gallery is dark and silent—there

would be too solemn; after those years there would be preached

too sad a sermon. Tonight I would be with the living and feel a

peace for the dead. It is the Sabbath, too! It is the day of rest.

Rest then, my heart! Can you not feel that all is well? Let the

shadows be never so dark, there will come a time of light. Let

the years glide by, then, until adobe and timber have crumbled away; we have lived our lives. And in the words of Hamlet

"The rest is silence."

Home, Sweet Hoire, in Idaho

(For the "Improvement Era.")

I had a dream not long ago;

I dreamed of home in Idaho, Where mountain glades and sparkling rills Like network thread the timbered hills.

I saw the farmhouse nestled in

Among the rocks of mossy green,

I heard the rushing waterfall Singing to the world and all, In monotone of mystic rhyme, Protected 'neath the towering pine.

And O, the world seemed sweetly bright,

The sun was at its noonday height.

The meadowgrass, all severed lay,

A downy bed of new mown hay.

Great, massive clouds looked earthward, too,

From 'gainst their banks of heavenly blue,

And wallowed in majestic mien,

A background to a world of green.

And I was home 'mong those I know

In my old gem state, Idaho.

The days flew by, and autumn time

Fell round that childhood's home of mine;

And goldenpurple tints and shades

Spread on in patches through the glades.

The hills and valleys, through and through

Took on a deepertinted hue.

All frosted stood the mountains tall,

From whence came down the reindeers

Beneath the cliffs of Idaho, And nestled in the valleys low

Then winter, with its frost and snow,

And sleighbells, tinkling to and fro,

And boys and girls en route to school,

With pen and ink and slate and rule,

Quite welcome made the morning sun;

And home they came, when day was done.

Then by the pine fire crackling bright,

The children sang a song that night

A song I wish the world could know, 'Twas "Home, Sweet Home, in Idaho."

William Higgins Paris, Idaho.

What Constitutes Success in Life?

[In the September Era, 1911, we promised to send the Improvement

Era one year to each of the three persons who should give the best answer, in not more than 400 words, to the question, "What, in your opinion, constitutes a successful life?"The invitation to write brought

to the editors'table a large number of articles for which we hereby tender thanks to the authors. We print the three answers which we

consider best. If the authors will please send to the associate editor

their present addresses, their Era subscriptions will be extended one year.—Editors.]

BY JOHN S. SAGERS, FORMERLY PRESIDENT OF THE SOUTH

AFRICAN MISSION.

One may answer the above query by saying, he who owns a large farm, stocked with horses, cattle, and farming utensils, supplied with capacious barns and granaries, ornamental lawns, trees, and a beautiful dwelling. In the estimation of another, he who

possesses a large bank, with thousands at interest, has attained success. Still another may think the historian, the politician, or'

the minister, are the successful ones.

But a man may own either one, or all, of these possessions, and then his life be unsuccessful. For aught we know, he may

have become the owner of his large farm, with all its improvements, by fraud and dishonesty. The banker may have secured

his wealth surreptitiously. The man who has won fame as an

historian, a politician, or a minister, may have done so by chicanery and deceit. Therefore, in reality, they would not possess that

which they are reputed to possess. An honest man who fails to

reach the acme of his ambition may be more successful than his dishonorable colleague, who reaches it. Oftentimes this is the

case.

To be truly successful one must devote his whole life to duty, no matter what it costs. He must steadfastly adhere to principles

of nobility and truth, although they call him to wade through tribulation kneedeep. He must be willing to bare his bosom to the

assassin's dagger, if duty demands it.

544 IMPROVEMENT ERA

A man may be ambitious, and then be unsuccessful. He must

couple his ambition to tireless energy. Humiliation, wedded to

determination and effort, is the keynote to success. Success is

not built up in a moment, but constant effort is necessary. It

strike me that no one ever attained success in a moment, or an hour. It requires the constant labor of a life time. One must

arouse every energy, summon every latent power, and develop them for the better of humanity, to be able to say, "I have been successful."

Thoroughness is indispensable to the man who wants to be successful. Napoleon won his great battles by anticipating every

contingency, and by preparing for every emergency. In the battle of life, one must ever prepare himself for glory, honor, and immortality. He can only do this by living his best self every day.

He who, in taking a retrospect view of his life, can say, in the words of President Joseph F. Smith, "I have been true to

every covenant I have made with the Lord, with the Saints, and with the world,"has been successful in the strictest sense of the word. If you, when looking over your past life, and weighing

your conscience, can say, "I have betrayed no trust, violated no obligation, nor counseled any man so to do,"your life will have been n success.

BY Z. N. DECKER

"Man is, that he might have joy"(Lehi). In my opinion,

a life in which happiness predominates is, to some extent, successful. But successful lives are of varying degrees, almost as

numerous as is the number of lives that can be called successful.

One man is successful in one way, another in another. Much

that appears to be success, however, does not always add to the conditions that make up a successful life, but, in many cases, detracts therefrom. Often a man's wealth, or ability to accumulate, is thought to spell success. The getting of knowledge is also

considered success. A man may possess the wealth of Croesus,

or the knowledge of the "Son of the Morning,"and yet his life be far from successful. Both wealth and knowledge contribute

to success, or detract therefrom, according as they are properly obtained, and are rightly or wrongly used. "But, before you seek

for riches, seek ye first the kingdom of God. And after ye have

WHAT CONSTITUTES SUCCESS IN LIFE? 645

obtained a hope in Christ, ye shall obtain riches, if ye seek them and ye will seek them for the intent to do good,"etc. (Book of

Mormon, Jacob 2:18, 19). Jacob also says, learning is good, if

properly used.

In looking about for examples of successful lives, my mind instinctively reverts to the Savior. He was neither rich nor

learned as to the things of the world. Can anyone say his life

was not successful? He, the carpenter's son, had no place to

lay his head. We have no record of his attendance at school or

college. Yet, his was the most successful life ever lived on earth.

One may say, he was a man of sorrow and acquainted with grief.

Where is the happiness? Often our greatest joy is the product

of suffering and pain, and, in most cases, comes only as the result of effort. Through humility and suffering, the Spirit of God was

poured out upon Jesus without measure. The wisdom of the

world was confounded. All power in heaven and earth was given

unto him.

The degree of success in life, then, depends upon the measure of the Spirit one has, and the heed given to its influence.

Tatloe, Abixona.

BY BERNARD HERMAN SMITH

In the bed of a small stream, wending its way from the recesses of the Sierra Nevadas, an old prospector found rich deposits of gold. Then the claim was sold, and the money used

to gain idle pleasure and luxury. Would you call the prospector's

life successful? Did he reach an end worthy of attainment? Was

the ideal one that would appeal to the greatest sons and daughters of the present generation? Would the soul of one having a perfect conception of the object of life be reconciled by such an

acquisition? To all of these questions, the best answer should be

an emphatic, no. Truly, life in such could scarcely be said to

flourish. The great men of the earth only pity—not scorn—the

avaricious, who are crowned with no other aim than that of gaining worldly riches or selfaggrandizement.

The successful lives are those who have reaped in a measure, if not in full, the harvest of life. But the truism, "The harvest

comes from the seed sown,"must be a guide, and faith, a motto, is he who to all seeking life development. The successful man

546 IMPROVEMENT ERA

has outgrown present conditions and is contributing to their reform and advancement. A man or woman, girl or boy, who is

succeeding, has crushed, and is crushing without a murmur, the difficulties of life, is seizing opportunity with a vicelike grip, knowing it to be an accomplished gentleman that knocks at the door but once. Successful men have experienced defeat; but by

this we recognize their quality: "Not by the number of times

they have fallen, but by the number of times they have risen after having fallen."They are those who have fastened their wagons

to stars, and are feeding upon the pure sesame of spiritual food, and are giving it to others that they may eat.

That soul, I believe, has filled the measure of its creation who becomes so educated as to be a neighbor not only to those who have fallen among thieves, but to all needing help; to be a

guide to the erring, an exemplary factor in society, and a theoretical and practical hero in trouble. It is not a soul who walks

blindly under the midday sun, but one enjoying the bright day when all nature is dark with the shades of night. Such a life will

cherish morality, as did Christ. He developed the man, having

perfect control over all his passions.

Raymond, Alta, Canada.

Elder Meredith Rogers, writing from Keene, New Hampshire,

January 18, says: "The elders are meeting with fine success in the

smaller towns and villages of New

Hampshire, this winter. Numerous

friends have been secured and earnest investigators are giving the gospel a thorough search. They say: 'We haveheard the question from the world's side, it

and also the testimony of the 'Mormon'elders. We are not going to take your

word nor the word of some writer, but will search for ourselves.'If more people

would look at it in that light, and dig down into the truths of the gospel for r themselves, they would be better off, and good results would follow. The elders

are:: Standing, left to right Meredith Rogers, Garland; Monroe Van

Wagnen, Midway; front: William F. McFarlane, Manti, Utah. Some

of the towns we have labored in are Marlboro, Clairmont, Hinsdale."

The Tobacco Curse

From many towns and cities the Era has received letters commending the effort in our last issue to warn the young men of the evils of cigarette smoking.

Many teachers strongly declare against the evil habit. More

and more it is becoming the fashion in large mercantile houses, railroad offices, and other business establishments to discard the cigarette smoker. The yellow forefinger and thumb which he

carries about with him are insignia for dismissal, or for refusal wherever he presents himself for work. Not only is the habit

deathdealing to the boy physically, but it destroys his ambition for work, and his moral stamina.

Dr. George H. Brimhall, who has charge of from seven hundred to one thousand boys in the Brigham Young University,

speaking upon the subject, said:

"I don't know of anything else, unless it is unchastity, that seems to so wither and shrink up the manhood of a boy as the smoking of cigarettes. Long experience has shown that the word of honor of a

cigarette smoker is never at par."

I Here, then, we have the strong word of a leading educator in our own state for the truth of the statement that physical de- j terioration and moral degeneracy follow the dirty habit. Dr. L. J

Bremer, of St. Vincent's Institution for the Insane at St. Louis,!

Mo., wrote, a few years ago i

"There is an alarming increase of juvenile smokers, and, basing my assertion on the experience gained in private practice and at St.

Vincent's Institution, I will state that he boy who smokes at seven will drink whiskey at fourteen, take morphine at twenty five, and wind up with cocaine and the rest of the narcotics at thirty and later on."

'I might as well go to a lunatic asylum for employees, as to hire cigarette smokers,"said E. H. Harriman, once the great head of the

Union Pacific railway system.

"I am not much of a mathematician,"said the cigarette, "but I can add to man's nervous troubles, I can subtract from his physical energy, I can multiply his aches and pains, I can divide his mental powers, I take interest from his work, and discount his chances of success."—David Starr Jordan.

The Passing of the Home

BY WILLIAM HALLS, AUTHOR OF "SELECT WRITINGS'

As time rolls on and new conditions arise many old customs pass away. A generation ago most of the tools used on the farm

were made in the home village, most of the clothing worn was made in the home, and most of the food was raised on the home farm and prepared at home. The schools were sustained by voluntary subscriptions. Now most of the tools used and the clothing

worn are made, and much of the food is prepared, away from home. The school is controlled by the state and the attendance is

compulsory. When the children are about four years old they

go to the kindergarten; next comes the graded school to which

the parents must send them, so many hours a day, so many days a week, and in the evening, after the closing of the school proper, there are gymnasiums in which they exercise during "chores time."After supper they are off to the picture show or some

amusement until bed time. The high school comes next, which

takes them away still more; and next, the college, which takes

them from home entirely until they have passed their majority, and in many cases lost all interest in home.

The modern boy, instead of learning to work on the farm, care for the stock, and milk the cows at home, is in college studying agriculture, animal husbandry, and dairying; and the

girl, instead of learning cooking, sewing, and house work, at home, is in school studying art and domestic science.

When a boy becomes unruly, he is taken from home to the reform school. The blind are sent to the school for the blind; the

deaf, to the school for the deaf; and the sick, to the hospital.

The trend of the times is from the home to public institutions.

At this rate, it may not be long until as soon as a child is weaned it will be taken from its home and cared for and educated by the state.

Whether the passing of the home is good or bad is not the question. It is a fact. The question is how to meet it.

THE PASSING OF THE HOME 549

This is a matter of great importance to the Saints. The

Bible and all sacred literature are excluded from the state institutions, and all religious teaching and exercise are strictly forbidden. But instead of leaving religion entirely alone to stand

or fall on its merits, some of the professors seem to go out of their way to destroy the faith the students may have received at home.

In ignorance of the government of God, they classify all spiritual phenomena as supernatural, inconsistent, and contrary to known laws. All faith in a personal God, the efficacy of prayer, the

divinity of Christ, a literal resurrection, and an active Providence in the individual lives of mankind, are declared superstition.

They treat these subjects with a keen, sarcastic ridicule which fills the young people with contempt for the faith of their parents.

When the Lord opened this dispensation, restored the Priesthood, and set in operation those uplifting influences that lead to life, Satan commenced to put in operation those agencies that lead to death. "There is a way that seemeth right unto man, but

the end thereof is death."The means of selfindulgence and the

allurements to sin are increasing on every hand. To meet this

condition the Lord inspired his servants to organize the Priesthood quorums, the Church schools, Sunday schools and Improvement associations and other auxiliary organizations, and surely there is work for all to guard against the evils confronting us.

It is not barbarous persecution, nor mob violence, that are to be feared. The battle is rather on social, intellectual, and

spiritual lines. It is not a placid trust in Providence, nor an

enthusiastic fanaticism, that are required, but an intelligent obedience to all the commandments of God, and a strict application of the means provided, that will enable the Saints to save themselves and their children to the faith of their homes, and from the snares of the enemy.

The conservation of the home is one of the great problems for the Saints to solve. It should be the ambition of every young

man and young woman, at the proper age, not only to marry and rear a family, in the order of the everlasting covenant, but also to acquire a clear title to some real estate on which to build a home. Next to the blessings of the Priesthood and a family, is

a home in a stake of Zion, where there is an organized ward, with all the advantages of the institutions of the Church. In this there

is safety. Those who neglect to marry, to rear families, and to

550 IMPROVEMENT ERA

establish their homes in Zion, may find, when too late, that they have wasted their lives, that "The harvest is past, the summer is ended, and they are not saved.""Many shall come from the

cast and the west, the north and the south, and sit down v/ith

Abraham, Isaac and Jacob, in the Kingdom of Heaven, while the children of the kingdom are cast out."

The Church is so perfectly organized that, as in the past so in the future, means will be provided, as conditions arise, for the humble, watchful, prayerful Saints to escape these evils, to save their children to the faith and the home, and be prepared for the coming of the Lord.

Mancos, Colorado.

Elder Howard P. Price, writing from Oakley, Idaho, incloses a

group picture of the elders laboring in the Ea3t Kansas and St. John's

conferences, Central States mission, taken while the elders were in

Topeka attending conference and listening to the Taberacle choir.

Kansas is a good field for the gospel message, and the truth is spreadingly rapidly in that section of the country. The elders have a very

intelligent class of people to labor among, and the results are therefore gocd. A number of those who are shown in the picture have returned. The names of the elders are: Top row, left to right: William

V. Lay, Escalante; C. P. Humphreys, Coyote, Utah; Elder Free;

Daniel G. Marshall, Lyman, Wyoming; Ray S. Harding, Knightville,

Utah; Joseph W. Greenhalgh, Safford, Arizona; Harold J. Marton.

Rexburg, Idaho; Glen Allen, Hyrum, Utah. Second row: Chauncey

Sandberg, St. George; William H. Duffin, Provo; John Denny, Sandy,

Utah: John F. Miller, St. Anthony, Idaho; Edward Barrett, North

Ogden; Horace Holly, Ogden, R. D.; James E. Manning, Farmington, LTtah. Third row: Howard P. Price, Oakley, Idaho; A. D.

Livingston Manti; Ross P. Gelispie, Tooele; William Corbet, president, East Kansas; Lewis J. Bowers, Salt Lake City; President Webb,

Kansas and St. John's; Thomas D. Levitt, Bunkerville, Nevada; Orville C. Day, American Fork; Lewis S. Dunyon, Draper, Utah.

From Nauvoo to Salt Lake in the Van of the Pioneers

The Origiual Diary of Erastus Snow

EDITED BY HIS SON, MORONI SNOW

XIV.

In the last number it was stated the pioneers had decided to build a fort on one of the public squares. The Journal continues

Monday, August 2. Elders E. T. Benson, O. P. Rockwood

and others were dispatched with horses and pack mules to meet the Saints who were expected on our track, and to return with our mail from them, if possible, before we left the valley to return, in order to ascertain who are on the way and with what quantity of stores and provisions, that we may better determine who shall tarry and who shall return. Brother Henry Sherwood commenced

surveying the city, or its general lines, and the public square in the southwest quarter of the city was selected for the fortress.

This week I was detailed to take charge of herding all our stock, and seven men were selected for herdsmen; others were set to

watering fields and sowing our turnips, etc. Others were to get

out timber for log houses, and a strong company was organized to make adobes. To those unacquainted with these kind of

buildings, I will say that they are very common in New Mexico and other sparsely timbered countries. Adobes are bricks made

of gravel and soil and dried hard in the sun instead of being burned with fuel. Ours were moulded 18 by 9 inches in length and

thick. The soil upon the ground of thebreadth, and 4 inches

fort being well adapted for the adobes, it was plowed, and water brought from the creek on to it and mortar made with oxen.

Sunday, August 8. Dams being prepared in the creek, all

the Saints were rebaptized, from the president to the least member, and several who had never before been baptized. This we

did because we had, as it were, entered a new world, and wished to renew our covenants and commence a newness of life. We had

a most glorious discourse from the president on the priesthood, and sealing powers and blessings thereof.

552 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Monday, 9th. Captain James Brown, accompanied by S.

Brannan and a few attendants, started for the Bay of San Francisco to get a discharge for his men from the commanding officer in California. He was accompanied by some officers of the company to Fort Hall, to see if they could draw, or rather purchase,

supplies for his men. This week I commenced getting out timber

for a couple of houses. We hauled our timber about seven miles

from a mountain ravine. It was a kind of timber called in the

east fir tree. Mountaineers call it pine, some call it spruce pine.

It often grows on these mountains to a great size. Brother Little

and a few others started to explore the country north as far as

Bear river and Cache valley. They accompanied Brown's company down the lake valley until they crossed Bear river, then

bore up to Cache valley and found several places well adapted to settlements, and returned to camp after an absence of about a week. Professor Albert Carrington, with others, was engaged

in an exploration or geological survey of the valley about the city, and from there up to the Utah lake and the adjacent mountains.

Monday, 16th. Our express sent to bring mail from our rear

companies not returning, it was thought wisdom that the ox teams which were to return to Winter Quarters should tarry no longer. Accordingly, a company of about ninety men, soldiers

and pioneers, with thirtythree teams and a number of loose horses and mules, that were either ridden or driven, left the valley this afternoon under the superintendence of Brothers Shadrack

Roundy and Tunis Rappleyee, who were appointed their leaders on their return trip. Tuesday, the 24th, was the day set for the

horse and mule teams to follow them. I should have mentioned

that several pioneer teams started about a week ago with instructions to halt for the ox teams as soon as they found game to subsist upon. This was in consequence of the men having exhausted their provisions, and the whole camp being left with but

small supplies. Those that were left, now doubled their diligence

upon the fort, except the blacksmiths and other mechanics that were set to shoeing horses, preparing wagons, etc., preparatory

to starting.

Sunday, 22nd. This afternoon the meeting was resolved into

a conference to transact a little business relative to this place before the Twelve should leave. It was voted to organize a stake

IN THE VAN OF THE PIONEERS 553

of Zion by appointing a president, high council, bishop and counselors, and all necessary officers; but the appointments were left

to the Twelve when they should ascertain who were coming to winter here. The city was named the City of the Great Salt Lake

of the Great Basin of North America. The Utah outlet wai.

named the Western Jordan.

Tuesday, 24th. Those who were ready to start went to the

Salt lake for another bathing frolic, while the rest were getting ready.

Return Journey.

Thursday, 26th. All being ready, we left the valley at about

noon, it being five weeks precisely from the time the first teams entered it. We have left about thirty log houses nearly finished,

and the outside adobe wall about four feet high on two sides of the fort, and materials ready for the third side, the log houses to form the fourth side. The brethren who were left in the valley

were instructed to continue their labors upon the fort. Our crops

look well, and if there should be a favorable fall, the potato seed will be saved, and considerable benefit will be derived from the turnips and buckwheat. When we organized our return camp,

we had thirtysix horse and mule teams, one hundred and eight men, besides about forty or fifty horses and mules that were ridden or driven loose. Quite a number of men, however, with some

eight or ten teams, were expecting to meet their families and return again to the valley.

Before taking our leave of the valley, I must give the reader a little more minute description of it, being better prepared to do so than I was when the reader was first introduced into it on the 2 1 st of July. It is bounded on the east by a ridge of mountains generally rough, rocky and mostly inaccessible. Some of

the highest peaks are covered with perpetual snow. The highest

one is 6,919 feet above the temple block; on the south, bounded

by a low mountain range that separates it from the Utah lake, and through which the Utah outlet forces its way down an impassable canyon into the valley; on the west, by another very high and rough

ridge of mountains, extending from the Utah to the Salt lake, leaving only room for a convenient road between the north point of the mountain and the south end of the Salt lake; on the north.

by the lake and the salt marshes, leaving little more than room 554 IMPROVEMENT ERA

for a road between the marshes and the base of the eastern mountains, and in some places scarcely that. The valley is about

twenty miles broad from the base of the east to that of the west mountains, and with the exception of from four to six miles in the center of the valley it slopes each way to the base of the mountains. It is about thirtyfive or forty miles long, north and

south. There are no streams from the western mountains, and

the west side of the valley is dry, though the soil is good, and it may nearly all be irrigated from the outlet by taking the water out of the upper end of the valley. On the east side there are

eight principal streams, besides several smaller creeks, coming out of the mountains between City creek and the Utah lake, and many extensive and excellent springs in the bottoms, and I will venture the assertion that better water cannot be found on the continent than these creeks afford. None but the larger class

of these streams find their way to the outlet, or the Western Jordan. All the smaller ones spread out and are lost beneath the soil

of the bottoms, and even the outlet itself, with all its tributaries, though sufficient for small steamboat navigation, shares the same fate during the dry season, ere it reaches the Salt lake. Its length

in all its wanderings is probably one hundred miles. The sloping

portions of the valley from the base cf the mountains to the bottoms are dry and gravelly. The bottoms have the alluvial

character of Illinois, and abound with extensive beds of rushes, and the greatest variety of grass I ever saw in any country; and

the luxuriant growth of grass, rushes, canebrake, bullrushes and weeds, upon this bottom, is equal to any growth of vegetation in the Mississippi valley. There is no timber to be seen in the valley,

except a few scattering trees upon the creeks, but by tracing these streams to their sources in the mountains, the ravines will be found to be full of timber sufficient to supply the Saints in the valley for many years to come.

(To be Continued)

Herman Bang, the we'l known Danish author, died at the Dee hospital,, in Ogden, Utah, January 29, 1912. He was on his way to

San Francisco, on his route around the world, when death overtook him. He was born in 1857, and for many years was considered one

of the leaders in literature in Denmark. A death mask was taken of

the dead author, and his remains were prepared and shipped to his native land for burial,

Editor's Table

Commercialism

You have probably heard it said that "commercialism"is rampant in the Church; in fact, that the whole trend of Church

affairs is toward that end. Falsely uttered and industriously

circulated by writers for eastern magazines, the idea has grown so that there are people here and there who actually are suspicious that the Church is guilty of "commercialism"—trade and barter

it has lost its spiritual force and mission.—to such an extent that

Nothing could be farther from the truth. Any person's

common sense will tell him so, if he shall stop a moment to analyze the meaning of the matter for himself.

The words commercial and mercantile are interchangeable terms, even as the employments are to some extent intermingled but either or both may mean the purchase, sale and interchange of commodities. Hence, commercialism may be defined as the

business of buying and selling goods, generally at a margin or profit. When one engages in the commercial or mercantile business, he adopts the commercial spirit or method, entering fully

into trade, traffic, and business intercourse, exchanging, buying, selling, bartering and dealing in goods and products. The Church

is engaged in no such actions, does not buy and sell goods for profit, and is therefore not in the commercial business, and hence not commercialized.

"But,"says one, "how about the cooperative store, the sugar companies, the banks and other like enterprises? Does not the

Church own them, and so carry on the commerce incident to these business establishments?"The answer is, "No; it does

not."It has always been the policy of the Church to help establish home industries and to aid in setting certain business enterprises on their feet, the purpose being to benefit the people by giving them employment, to start enterprises, and to develop the material resources of the country, that the people and the hnd may prosper.

When these purposes have been in a measure accomplished, 556 Improvement era

through these avenues, the Church has generally withdrawn, holding in most cases only a very little financial interest in the enterprises. Attention has then been turned to new industries

and business ventures thought to be beneficial to the community, and these in turn have been helped on their way.

Let us see if this is true. There is, for example, Z. C. M. I.

Its stock is held largely by the people, and that, too, by people who are not Latterday Saints. As with other business concerns,

its stock is on the open market, and can be purchased by any one who wishes to pay the price. The holdings of the Church itself

are comparatively small. The institution is a regularly organized

corporation. Through it the Church can not rightfully be said to

buy and sell.

Then there are the sugar factories. By hard struggle and the

investment of means, the Church helped to establish the Lehi

Sugar Factory. In the beginning the enterprise would have been

a dismal failure without the help of the Church. With it the

factory was put upon a paying basis. It clearly demonstrated,

further, that the manufacture of sugar could be made successful in Utah and the country round about; thus benefiting the whole

community by bringing millions of dollars to farmers and laborers, directly and indirectly. Other industries and inventions,

too, followed because of it. Thousands were given profitable employment, and the value of land was enhanced by many fold. But

the Church now owns but a comparatively small interest in it;

the stock is owned by the people. Through the sugar industry

a great blessing to the it thus helped to escommunity—which

tablish, the Church is neither buying nor selling, and therefore through that source are surely not engaged in "commercialism."

What has been said of the store and the factories, applies with equal truth to the banks. They are corporations whose stock

is bartered upon the open market. Boards of directors, as with

the other enterprises, govern them, and these, while having Church members in their personnel, are in no way under the control of the Church, which owns only a small interest in them.

Hence the Church does not carry on a banking business, and therefore cannot be said to be commercialized by them. And so

with other industries and enterprises which the Church authorities have helped to establish, or are now aiding according to the means at their disposal for such purposes. Assistance to worthy

EDITOR'S TABLE 567

causes has always been rendered, according to the ability and best judgment of the leaders, and been given where it would most benefit the community and their homes, and develop the latent material resources of the land. This is not commercialism—barter

is common sense help, which it has beenand trade for profit—it

the policy from the beginning, and is now, as far as means will permit, to extend directly and indirectly to the members of the

Church for their temporal as well as spiritual welfare and advancement.

There are those who object to the authorities of the Church being directors in these institutions. They would exclude them

from connection with all manner of business, if they could, because they are "Mormons."But, I can see no wrong in having

them serve in this capacity when the stockholders have confidence in their ability and integrity as officers. The establishments

seem to prosper under their direction and management, and when business and business institutions prosper, it is a sure indication that material advantages accrue to and are shared by the people also; and to bring about this condition, in addition to the spiritual

uplift of the people, is the dual mission of the Church. Spiritual

salvation alone is not all that people need in this life. Spiritual

and temporal salvation should go together in this world.

And because the Church so aids, as far as it can, in bringing about these temporal blessings to the community, is no reason why it should be said to lose its spiritual force and power. Nor

has it lost this potency; but it is more influential than ever in all

things that tend to spiritual growth and efficiency. This is proved

by the existing spiritual condition of the people and their obedience to the commandments of the Lord.

Joseph F. Smith.

The Monroe Doctrine

Before the administration of President Monroe there grew up in the United States a fixed determination that this country should not allow, under any pretext whatever, territorial aggrandizement on this western continent by any European country.

From certain declarations on the subject by him, this settled policy became known as the Monroe Doctrine.

558 IMPROVEMENT ERA

By what authority, it is often asked, has the United States made itself the guardian of the continent of which it forms but a fractional part. The principle of guardianship is as old as the

human race. It is the principle by which the strong protects the

weak; it is a humane relationship, helpful as a rule to those who

need protection. The small countries to the south of us were in a

state of tutelage. Whatever they thought of their own powers

and stability, history has shown their infantile character, their condition as wards.

Someone must act as guardian. In the case of individuals the

court appoints; in case of nations they become selfappointive, and

act through the general concensus of international opinion. The

best qualified protector of these small countries was the United

States. European countries conceded to us the responsibility of

the important task set forth in the Monroe Doctrine. There was

another, and perhaps more cogent reason why we should assume the role of protector. It is the law of selfpreservation. The

conquest of South and Central American countries by the nations of Europe would compel the United States to adopt the same means of defense that European countries adopted. We should be

compelled to keep large standing armies and navies. Without a

naval base on this continent the countries of Europe would never be a great menace to us at sea. Our isolation thus became to us

an economical advantage which we in our own self interest could not afford to abandon. The Monroe Doctrine thus came to be

both a duty and a necessity.

To grant Japan a coaling station on the coast of Mexico would come within the scope of the Monroe Doctrine. It is not

a question of likely hostility, but one of possible hostility. Japan

was the logical guardian of Korea, and all other nations acceded to Japan's selfappointment.

Another question is often mooted. By our acquisition of the

Philippines do we lose our justification for the Monroe Doctrine?

If we go to the eastern hemisphere for dominion, why should any nation of the eastern hemisphere not come to the western hemisphere for dominion?

There would be the strongest reasons for objection to our assumption of dominion in any part of Europe. Those reasons do

not apply to Asia or the islands of the Pacific, except in such wards as naturally fall to the protectorship of Japan and of cerEDITOR'S TABLE 65

tain European countries. The doctrine has reference chiefly to

the foreign relationship of Europe to our neighbors on the south.

We do not assume guardianship in the domestic regulations of any of these countries, and yet it is easy to imagine conditions in these small countries which would require us to act in matters of internal affairs. It is not unlikely that the use of the Panama

canal will call forth some more direct interference with their domestic affairs. We have never traded extensively with South

or Central American countries, and their petty revolutions and domestic disturbances have not been detrimental to us. We have

not become their creditors, and have had no debts to collect from them.

The PanAmerican Congresses have been organized with a view to more intimate relations with the south, and to an enlargement of our trade with these neighbors. Capital from the United

States is pushing its way more and more to the south, and we shall hereafter be more concerned about domestic troubles in those countries than we have been. We may therefore look for a

broadened and more intensified interpretation of that doctrine in the future.

Joseph M. Tanner.

Messages from the Missions

Elder J. Lewis Swensen, writing from Hico, Texas, which is in

the North Texas conference of the Central States mission, says that the elders, of whom he encloses a portrait, are well and enjoy their labors very much, in a conference which the elders think is the best in the world. They met in Hico during the Christmas holidays. In

their district the power of prejudice is fast disappearing, and success is crowning their efforts to preach the gospel among the people. They

meet many good friends, and testify to the goodness of the Lord in 660 IMPROVEMENT ERA

opening up their way to preach the gospel. Elders, left to right:

C. G. Dabb, Harrisville; J. Lewis Swensen, Provo; Elmer Carter,

Fountain Green, Utah; Victor F. Spencer, Burley; H. G. Williamsen,

Inkom; C. L. Dalton, Blackfoot, Idaho.

Elder Hilmar M. Nelson, writing from Odense, Denmark, says,

"This branch includes the city of Svendborg, South Fyn, where the

Eiders have again taken up missionary labors, with the view to organizing a branch. Within the last few months, three new members have

been baptized,and there are prospects for more in the near future.

The Odense branch has a membership of one hundred, and since our last conference, eight new members have been baptized. We have a

Sunday school and Mutual Improvement Association, and a Relief Society, organized here, and our meetings are well attended. Odense i3

one of the oldest cities of Denmark, fully one thousand years old, with a population of from fortyfive to fifty thousand. It has. a beautiful

pleasure resort, called Stige; also a nice little harbor, a beautiful

park, a car line, and other modern conveniences; with a number of

manufacturing enterprises, such as glass works and a sugar factory.

The elders in the picture are: Back row, left to right: John E. Christensen, Central; A. Hintze Hansen, Salem, Idaho; Joseph A. Christiansen, Mayfield, Utah (released); Ernest A. Jensen, Preston, Idaho;

Hans H. Madsen, Salt Lake City; Soren Andersen, Inverury, Utah.

Front row: Mikkel A. Mikkelsen, Fountain Green, Utah (branch president); Dagny Hansen, Odense, Denmark (organist); Hilmar M. Nelson,

Pleasant Grove, Utah (released).

Elder Vance D. Walker, clerk of the Norwich conference, England, says: "We are holding more and better attended meetings this

winter than ever before. The elders are getting more gospel conversations and receiving many more invitations to explain the prinMESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 561

ciples of the gospel. ''Tis an ill wind that blows no one good.'The

wind that blew so strongly from the thousands of ministers and religious bigots and office seekers, over this isle, a few months ago, for the purpose of freeing themselves from 'Mormonism,'has terminated in our favor. The people are now desirous of learning both

sides. As a rule, they will listen without prejudice to an elder, and

when they do so, they remain lasting friends. In our tracting many

are willing to listen, and we are daily gaining friends. The elders in

the picture are, left to right, back row: Seth C. Kelsey, J. A. Hind, Wil-

-. $ ft* % 3$

'i iV-1 1 f I I

jjf 'V M*. \ % $ liam L. Boothe, G. Tom Johnson, A. Willardson, J. W. Fitches, J. L.

Broadbent, F. Dashdown, R. L. Shepherd; center row: Vance D.

Walker, F. B. Hammond, conference president; Rudger Clawson, mission president; William G. Gidney, J. W. Watts; front row: James

Ball, James Buck.

Elder D. Vernon Shurtliff, clerk of the Transvaal conference.

South Africa, writes from Johannesburg, stating that on October 16

President Frank J. Hewlett and company arrived at Johannesburg,

and were met by John S. Sagers and the traveling elders laboring

there. President and Mrs. Hewlett spent an enjoyable time with relatives and friends during their short stay in England, and had a very

pleasant voyage on the waters to Africa. They spent over a month's

time on board the steamship "Commodore."At Jeppetown a meeting

was called on the 18th of October, at which six traveling elders, President Hewlett and President Sagers were in attendance. The business

of the meeting was to organize a conference to be known as the

Trasvaal Conference. Elder Gottlieb Blatter was chosen the new.

562 IMPROVEMENT ERA

conference president, with D. Vernon Shurtliff as clerk. Presidents

Hewlett and Sagers spoke of the splendid labors of the elders, and dwelt on the necessity of organizing conferences throughout the South

African mission. The Transvaal conference is the first to be organized, in this faroff mission, and it goes to show that the work here is

progressing rapidly. The work has been in progress here for two

years, but we have quite a number of members and brigh* prospects for the future. The elders all rejoice over the prospects of the fruits

of their labors. Elders of the South African mission, back row, left

to right: William C. Crook, Elmer P. Chipman, C. Byron Whitney, L.

A. Nelson, S. Boswell, F. R. Gardner. Middle row: Joseph F. Hintze.

President John S. Sagers, President Franklin J. Hewlett and wife;

Conference President Gottlieb Blatter. Bottom row: Rufus Beach, D.

Vernon Shurtliff, Clifford S. Hodgson. This portrait was taken at a

recent conference held at Bloemfontine.

Sarah Mousley Cannon, wife of President Angus M. Cannon, died

in Forest Dale, Utah, March 13, 1912. She was born July 21, 1828, in

Centerville Delaware, and came to Utah with her parents, Titus and

Ann Mousley in 1857. On July 18, 1858, she was married to Angus

M. Cannon, and they had six children, two dying in childhood, the

others being George M., John M., Ann M. Cannon, and Mrs. Bernard

J. Stewart. Mrs Cannon was for many years engaged in pioneer life,

and was noted for her sympatic for the distressed,

Priesthood Quorums'Table

Labors of Special Missionaries. At a recent conference of the

Granite slake, Elder T. J. Yates, of the High Council, gave a report

ol the work of the special missionaries who were called last October to labor in that stake of Zion among the people who are not of our iaith, and also those who have membership in ILe Church but who are neglecting their duties. Seventies were called to do this work, a committee from the High Council, under the Stake Presidency, being called

to organize them and to preside over and have general supervision ot the work. The stake was divided into five conferences, each conference made up of four wards—five presidents of Seventies were chosen

co preside over the five conferences, and the Seventies of each conteience were assigned to their fields of labor by their lespective piesidents. Each pair of Seventies made a weekly written report 10

their president of the work done. The missionaries were called for

six months to spend at least three nights (Monday, Wednesday and

Thursday) of each week in the field. They were greatly assisted by

the bishops and ward teachers, who furnished them with lists of names to be visited, arranged for cottage meetings, notified the people to attend these meetings, and in some cases helped to conduct the meetings. The missionaries visit the people in their homes, discuss the

gospel, and distribute tracts and books. They made special efforts

to loan the books, thus opening the way for revisits. They also held

cottage meetings wherever possible, and public meetings in all the wards. These meetings were previously announced, and in every case

were well attended. Altogether the results of the labors of these

special missionaries have been very gratiiying. Many of our friends

who have lived among the people for years know little or nothing of the gospel as taught by the Saints, and these received the missionaries very kindly. Quite a number have been baptized into the

Church, and many others have applied for baptism. Some were found

who had been baptized in their youth, and others who had once been ordained teachers or deacons, but had drifted away from the Church.

These were labored with, and the results are good. A number of men

and women who were married outside of the Church have welcomed missionaries to their homes, and have found joy in having the gospel taught to their husbands and wives. The missionaries keep a record

of all the families they visit, how they are received, what they teach, etc., and from this information will make a report, at the end of their

term of six months lor which they were called, to the bishop of the ward, so that the work may be followed up by the teachers and special visits during the summer, and not wasted. Work will in a measure

be thus continued for the summer months so that the people who have been interested may be looked after and kept under the influence of the gospel. Some of the missionaries were at first reluctant to

take up the work, but they are now enthusiastic and thoroughly love 564 IMPROVEMENT ERA

it, and feel well paid for the effort which it has cost them. Quite a

number of books and tracts were sold and distributed.

Lesson 4.—Something About the Seventies'Year Book. This book

is the result of long and careful study. It was not written in a day.

It took many months to do the mechanical part alone. The subject

matter is the result of years of painstaking research. The students

of this book, therefore, can not expect to master it in one reading, or in a half dozen readings. It should be carefully studied and discussed.

Too frequently, however, do we find seventy who feel that they must gather all of the knowledge in the Year Book, and must try to follow none other than the author's point of view in each lesson. Sometimes

a brother is disturbed because the author takes a rather new viewpoint to what he has been prone to believe. The student should in

all cases try to discover the logic of each lesson, and note wherein the author has worked out his viewpoint logically and clearly. The Year

Book, though of course a study, is a book that suggests lines of thought that should carry the reader into other reading. A book should not

be our master, but our servant. The Seventy should not try to repeat

the formula of the book, but it should be interpreted in the individual's own thought and language. Each member of the quorum should aid

the teacher in trying to provide some wholesome thought for the enrichment of the text. The Year Book is a summary of the subject

under discussion. One of the greatest deficiencies of a recitation

is the danger that nothing new will be presented. It is not intellectually stimulating to the members of the class to listen to the repeating of a mere formal lesson which all have read before coming

to meeting. Each member must do what he can to add something

new, in his own experience, to what is said in a lesson. The further

one has read in history, literature, or ethics, etc., the better is one

able to see the viewpoint of the author, and to take over into his knowledge what the author suggests. The Year Book is a text on

the subject treated. The lessons are logically and clearly worked out,

and though they all follow the truth of the gospel, they all are suggestive of thought, and facts that should be followed up by extensive outside reading.—Levi Edgar Young.

The One Hundredth Quorum at Bountiful, Utah, is inviting from time to time some of the scholars of the Church to lecture to them.

As a result of this idea, the members of the quorum have taken a renewed interest in their meetings, and the Year Book is receiving closer and better attention than heretofore. Once a month it is a good

thing to have a brother, well versed in some line of thought, to come in and to talk on his special subject. It is not only stimulating, but

enriching in mental effort. The quorum at Bountiful has already

had Dr. Fred Pack, Professor of Geology at the University of Utah,

Professor Tipton, Dr. Joseph Peterson, and others. It is the object of

the council and class teachers to invite many others to speak before the quorum during the year. We think the idea is a good one.

Levi Edgar Young.

Mutual Work

The June M. I. A. Conference

At a meeting of the General Board held Wednesday evening,

February 28, it was decided to hold the annual M. I. A. Conference on

Friday, Saturday and Sunday, June 7, 8 and 9. A committee, consisting

of the General Superintendency and the chairmen of the various standing committees, was appointed to arrange a program, which will doubtless include officers'meetings, with instructions relating to the next season's work of the associations, a variety of activities in the field, as well as general religious services in the Tabernacle. It is believed

that the occasion will be made one of the most interesting and instructive yet held by the Improvement associations.

Members of the Second Normal Athletic Class

Left to right, front row: Ona A. Harrison, Auburn, Orla Barrows,

Fairview, E. A. Gardner, Afton, Adelbert Wilde, Afton, Star Valley,

Wyoming; Arthur M. Jacobs, Torrey, Wayne; James J. Thompson,

Garland, A. N. Grover, Fielding, Bear River; Joseph Edwards, Meadow,

Millard; Ernest Adamson, Annis, Idaho, Rigby; John W. Fields, Lyman,

Wyoming, Woodruff.

Second row: Chester Whitehead, St. George, St. George; Percy

Wilkenson, Cedar East; W. K. Granger, Cedar West, Utah, Parowan;

C. H. De Priest, Manassa, Colorado, San Luis; Alvin Fjelsted, Centerfield, Daniel Beck, Centerfield, Sanpete; R. A. Christensen, Elwood,

Revel N. Nielson, Garland, Bear River; Walter M. Stout, Leamington,

Alma M. Harder, Leamington, Millard; Sidney Call, Chesterfield, Bannock; Earl D. Adams, Thatcher, Bear River.

Third row: R. W. Richardson, instructor; Hyrum M. Booth, Honeyville, Box Elder; Frank J. Christensen, Kanosh, Alonzo Christensen,

Oasis, Nelson Cooper, Fillmore, Millard; E. E. Rigby, Driggs, Teton;

Hyrum Sander, Ogden, Fourth ward, Ogden; Reuben Blackner, Lyman,

Woodruff; Lester G. Stokes, Bothwell, Box Elder; Alma Chambers,

Eden, Ogden; Mrs. Kirkman, pianist; Miss Addie Cannon, dancing

instructor; John H. Taylor, athletic fieldman; W. E. Day, physical

director, Deseret Gymnasium.

Fourth row: Bryan Wright, Ogden, Edgar Holmes, Liberty, Ogden;

J. C. Hogan, Hatch, Bannock; H. B. Spencer, Kanab, Kanab; Wilford

Fife, Cedar W., Parowan; John A. Lindberg, Tooele, Tooele; Guy

Chamberlain, Orderville, Kanab; Thomas Hale, Afton, Star Valley;

Ben E Harker, instructor; B. S. Hinckley, secretary, Deseret

Gymnasium. U W MUTUAL WORK 567

Activities in the Logan Fourth Ward

President George L. Zundell, of the Fourth ward Y. M. M. I. A.,

Logan, writes that the M. I. A. of that ward recently presented Winston Churchill's jolly society comedy, "The Title Mart."On the 27th

February they joined with the M. I. A. of Providence and gave their

first public perlormance, and on March 1st joined with the Hyde Park

M. I. A. with a second performance. The big performance was held

at Nibley hall, Logan, March 2. A fair audience, composed of the

cream of Logan's literary talent, greeted the play, and the best critics said that the play was one of the big events of the dramatic season.

On the 29th a ward debate was held, the subject being "Woman Suffrage,"two ladies and two gentlemen being the debaters. The ladies

weie victorious, and, strange to say, they argued against woman suiii age. The district debate will be held later.

Stake Meet in Snowflake

Stake Superintendent Joseph W. Smith and Stake Secretary J. B.

Pace, of the Snowflake stake Y. M. M. I. A., report that a very successful annual meet of the associations of that stake was held in

early March. Out of eight organizations in the stake, live of them

entered for contests in some or all of the events. On Sunday night,

the 3rd, there was an excellent conjoint religious meeting. The whole

of Monday was occupied with a program of fie'.d sports, finishing in

the evening with another meeting in the stake house. Athletic events

were: Basket ball, hammerthrow, shotput, broadjump, highjump,

pole vault; and the following races: 100 and 220 yards, onefourth mile,

onehalf mile, mile, and relay race with eight on a side. The intellectual exercises were: Oratorical contests, storytelling, debates, violin, piano and vocal music. The people of the stake manifested a

lively interest, and the meetings were exceptionally well attended.

The outdoor games were witnessed by large crowds, and the young people exhibited a commendable spirit of fairness, while a high standard of manly deportment characterized the whole affair. The

associations from St. Joseph and Woodruff each earned eight credits,

while those from Snowflake and Taylor got seventynine each, making a tie, a rather singular but at the same time pleasing coincidence in such a hotly contested meet. The officers feel much encouraged over

the success of the meeting, and are proud of the young men and women who entered. They see improvement, and believe that such

occasions will have a tendency to raise the standard of the M. I. A.

work in that stake.

568 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Monthly Conjoint Meetings

To Stake Superintendents of Y M. M. I. A., and Presidents of

Y. L. M. I. A.

Dear Brethren and Sisters: Many associations are devoting the

entire time of the monthly conjoint meetings, held on Fast day, to musical exercises and recitals.

The object of these conjoint meetings is, primarily, to enable our young people to exercise themselves in public speaking upon the subjects treated in the associations. While it may be advisable to present,

occasionally, lectures on various topics, the original object should not be lost sight of and, as much as possible, these meetings should reflect the work of the associations and should be made faithpro- moting in their character.

The development of the musical talent of our young people is part of the work of the Mutual Improvement Associations, and the singing of sacred songs is an important part of the worship of the Latterday

Saints, and therefore, musical exercises and recitals may very properly be made a prominent part of the programs of the conjoint meetings.

At the same time, we do not cons'der it proper to devote the entire time to musical programs or recital, to the exclusion of other exercises.

We therefore desire the stake officers of the Y. M. and Y. L. M.

I. A. to instruct their ward officers to arrange their monthly conjoint

programs in accordance with the suggestions contained herein.

- Smith, Supt. Y. M. M. I. A. SionedignC JOSEPH F

1 Martha H. Tingey, President Y. L. M. I. A.

M. I. A. Dancing Contest

On the 21st of February the Granite stake held a dancing contest in the stake hall. Ten wards were represented by classes varying

from ten to twenty in number, and presenting a variety of folk and gymnastic dances. The group from Forest Dale were winners of the

first prize. They presented a Spanish tamboureen dance, under the

direction of Miss Victoria Reed. The contest is the outcome of a

year's work along this line. It was started last winter, at the suggestion of President Frank Y. Taylor. This is the first contest of

the kind, as far as we know, that has been given. The benefit of

this movement is to teach the young people throughout the stake to learn dances that carry with them grace and precision of action. Over

five hundred people witnessed the contest, and were enthusiastically entertained. A number of young people have become interested In

Mutual Improvement work through this movement whom it has not

MUTUAL WORK 569

been possible to reach otherwise. The first prize consisted of a banner, which is partly shown in the center of the group herewith.

l-yj fcMB

n v"s rv

if i #mmLiyj wSESpmikh |1 1 i t SI

k >> ImP iV<.JjttE

Storytelling and Oratorical Contest

On March 6th the second annual storytelling and oratorical contest of the Granite stake of Zion was held in the Granite stake house.

Ten contestants competed for honors. These had been chosen from

nearly forty, who appeared the week previous in tryouts held in the divisions of the stake. The winners were: Charles H. Norberg, oratory; T. B. Brockbank, senior story; Miss Fay Cornwall, junior story,

reproduced, and Ethel Newman, original junior story. All received

a gold medal. Much interest has been created in the art of storytelling and good reading, by these contests.

To Stake Superintendents

Blanks for ward and stake annual reports for the year ending

April 30, 1912, have been distributed to the stake superintendents, who are requested to immediately forward them to the ward association officers in time for the secretaries to make up the ward report immediately at the close of the season's work. These should be sent

570 IMPROVEMENT ERA

in to the stake officers and compiled and forwarded to the general secretary, Moroni Snow, 22 Bishops'Building, Salt Lake City, Utah, no later than May 10. Please be prompt in this matter, so that the

whole Church will not have to wait upon the single stakes tor reports.

Attention is also called to the necessity of seeing that the collections for the General Fund are promptly attended to and the amounts forwarded to this office, so that each stake may receive proper credit in time for the report at the June annual convention.

A substantial increase in the fund should be shown in every stake.

Passing Events

Elder Christian Jensen, Jr., was called to preside over the Samoan

Mission to succeed President D. C. McBride. He left for Samoa,

November 23, 1911, to fill this call. This is his second mission, as

he served as a traveling elder and school teacher in Samoa fifteen years ago. Elder Jensen was born in Ephraim, Sanpete county, Utah,

November 17, 1868. In 1879, with his parents, he moved to Redmond,

Sevier county, where he received a limited education. He attended

the Brigham Young University one year, and on the 25th of April, 1894, was married to Miss Alice Rogers. Three days after his marriage

he left for his first mission to Samoa, his wife returning to Redmond, where she taught school while he labored in the mission field. He

relates that on his first mission he was forced 'jHMHHMH SflHHHH to learn the economy which has served him jr. * n.as a guide in his finan- *siIn i\

cial affairs ever since. '5 | i rf

His first mission experiences were most i 5 happy, however, the Ef'''ll last nine months of his time being spent with the mission president ig in visiting conferences.

After returning home, Christian Jensen, Jr., and family.July 4, 1897, he entered

the mercantile business in the fall, and for six years was manager of the Redmond Mercantile Company. The business paid splendid

dividends, and the firm bought out and operated two of the best salt mines in central Utah, from which they shipped many car loads of rock salt to the adjoining states. During this time he purchased a

splendid farm. In 1903 he sold out his business interests and farm

and, with his brothers, Charles and Lehi, moved to Magrath, Canada,

PASSING EVENTS 571

where they organized a mercantile concern under the name of Jensen Brothers Company, Limited. They also organized the Jensen

Ranching Company, Limited, which owns and operates seven thousand acres of rich farming and meadow lands. For the year 1911 their

crop amounted to 70,000 bushels of grain with several hundred tons of hay. Land which they purchased in 1903 for $6 per acre has since

increased to $40 and $50 per acre. During the six years that Elder

Jensen resided in Redmond, he was president of the Young Men's

Mutual Improvement Association and superintendent of the Sunday school, and when the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association started at Magrath, he was chosen first counsellor to the president, and later the president of that organization, which position he held until called to fill his present mission. He has also served as one

of the seven presidents of Seventies of that district. He has also

acted as mayor of Magrath for two terms, being nominated by acclamation to fill the second term. Elder Jensen and wife have four

children who, for lack of suitable schools in Samoa, will remain in

Magrath during his mission.

The picture of a sun stone, or the head of a pilaster, from the

Nauvoo Temple, taken February 26, 1912, at the present resting place of the stone, on the academy grounds, Twelfth and Main streets, Quincy, Illinois, is here given. The

elders back of the stone, from left to right, are: Alexander

Jensen, Charles T. Johnson,

Henry N. Sorensen, Storm McDonald, Arthur Burke, Jas. F.

Kinghorn, Frank M. Wilson. It

is now seventythree years ago since Quincy was a refuge for the Saints. The "Era"is indebted to President German E.

Ellsworth for the portrait and

Sun Stone from the Nauvoo Temple.

information.

Elder Robert Marshall, president of the Karachi Branch of the

Church, India, died on the 25th of January, 1912, at the age of 85.

Elder Marshall first heard the gospel from Elders Truman Leonard and A. Milton Musser when they visited Sind, in 185657. He was

then at Hydrabad, Sind, at which place Elder Leonard stayed in his house for some time. Elder Marshall did not then accept the

gospel, but he preserved a number of books which were presented to him by the elders. After the outbreak of the American Civil War,

in fulfilment of prophecy, he received a strong testimony of the 572 IMPROVEMENT ERA

gospel, and began advocating its principles. When he felt old age

creeping upon him, he became anxious for baptism, and opened communication with the European Mission. A missionary happened to

be in India at the time (1903), viz., Elder John H. Cooper. He came

over to Karachi and baptized not only Elder Marshall, but twelve others, the fruits principally of Brother Marshall's efforts, and of the seed sown by Elders Leonard and Musser fifty years previously. These members were formed into the Karachi

Branch, and Elder Marshall was appointed president. He had then

lost his sight, but all his other faculties were well preserved. More

than a year ago, he fell from his cot, and since that time he has been bedridden. He has now peacefully passed away to reap in another

sphere the results of his faithfulness and of a wellspent life. The

Karachi Branch also lost another faithful member by death, viz.,

Sister Sarah Ann Simpson, who died at Kotei, Sind, on 21st July, 1911.

This information is given the "Era"by Elder Henry J. Lilley, for

many years a leader in the Branch, and a faithful member of the

Church.

The City Hall, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, is said to be the greatest public building in the world. Tts length,

north and south, is 486% feet; east and

west, 470 feet; area,

4% acres; height of

tower, 547 feet, ll% inches; it has 634

rooms; the diameter of

the clock dial is 26 feet; the height of the

Pennsylvania statue on top of the tower is 37 feet; the area of the

floor space of the building is liy2 acres;

the cost of construction, $18,243,339.86. The

great building spans Market street, running City Hall, Philadelphia, Pa.

east and west, and Broad street, running north and south. Vehicles are not allowed to

pass through the building, as passage is obtainable all around it.

Elder K. N. Winnie, writing from Nome, Alaska, January 8, reports

that he has been granted space in one of the daily papers, "The

Daily Nome Industrial Worker,"whose editor is a very liberalminded man, to answer the attacks of an M. E. Church minister, a Reverend

Baldwin, who has recently been sent to Nome to take charge of

PASSING EVENTS 673

church affairs in that place. The reverend's first efforts were to

attack the origin of the Book of Mormon, attributing it to Solomon

Spalding. Elder Winnie asked him if he had ever read the book, to

which he insultingly answered that he had, and then proceeded to push Elder Winnie out of the church, threatening him with an officer and jail in case he did not depart. While he was granted space in

the "Worker,"the editor of the other paper in that city, "The Nome

Daily Nugget,"who is a product of Harvard College, is very much prejudiced against our doctrines, being inclined not to inform himself to any degree on the subject. Elder Winnie proceeds: "I am not

holding regular meetings but am visiting as the way opens, introducing the gospel to the people and circulating the following literature: All of Volume 14, 'Improvement Era,'bound in parts 1 and 2;

'Liahona, the Elders'Journal'; 'Reminiscences of Joseph Smith, the

Prophet'; the Book of Mormon; the Doctrine and Covenants; 'The

Great Apostasy'; the semiweekly 'News'; 'Lives of Our Leaders';

tracts from the Southern States mission; 'Added Upon'; 'Missouri

Persecutions'; 'Rays of Living Light'; 'Joseph Smith's Own Story,'

etc. I am also sending what literature I can to those who request

it, in the outlying points in the district. I have found in my experience

that it is what we give and what we do that counts for more than what we say. I rejoice that the beginning of this year, 1912, finds

the work of the Lord rolling on with greater momentum than ever before, and that in the midst of many weaknesses, the Lord has seen fit, up to this hour, to strengthen me to labor in his name in defense of all he has revealed in these latter days. Since yielding obedience

to the gospel and receiving the priesthood, I have always felt that

I am never quite alone, but that there is a power, though invisible, all powerful, reserved for me and for his servants, to meet every emergency. May he who knows our hearts continue to bless and

strengthen us for every duty and obligation as they come to pass."

A strong argument for prohibition is sent the "Era,"clipped from the "Milling and Grain News,"Kansas City, Mo., January 9, 1912, by

Bishop Henry H. Blood, nf Kaysville. Kansas has been the butt of

many derisive jests because of her determination to shake off the evils of the liquor business but time seems to be demonstrating that she is reaping a rich harvest of righteous living, in this one particular. Bishop Blood expresses the wish that all of our lukewarm

strict regulationists could read these statistics, from the paper quoted, which is a reliable and highclass journal. The quotation is given

under the heading: "Statistics from Kansas, Not only Wheat but

Morals Showed a High Quality Last Year":

"Ninetysix counties out of the 105 in Kansas have no inebriates.

Six or seven along the Missouri border have them. Thirtynine counties did not send a prisoner to jail last year. There were 912 prisoners in the state penitentiary last year, but only seventeen per cent

of this number were Kansas born. Fiftyseven counties in Kansas

have no use for poorhouses, and last year did not send a member 574 IMPROVEMENT ERA

there. Eightyfour counties last year did not report a case of insanity. The death rate in Kansas is less than in any other section

of the inhabitants.in the world—seven and fivetenths per thousand

There are a large number of newspapers in Kansas, and only four of them carry whiskey ads."

Elder J. Lamond Bunnell, writing from Sidney, Australia, January

26, reports that President Charles H. Hyde has just returned from a

trip to the Tasmanian and Victorian conferences, where he found the work of the Lord progressing nicely. Conferences were held

in Hobart, Tasmania, and in Melbourne, Victoria. All the

elders are in good health, looking forth to the fruits of the new year with bright hopes. Elders

in the picture, top row, are:

Wesley E. Tingey, Centerville,

Utah; Sargent A. Rice, Claresholm, Alta., Canada; John Fulmer, Abraham. Middle row:

Horace Heiner, Morgan, William W. Houston, Panguitch,

Utah; Archie D. Allred, Afton,

Wyoming; Horace E. Worsley, Centerville, Utah. Bottom row: Coral

B. Russell, Rexburg, Idaho; Joseph M. Wright, Hinckley, Utah. Elders

Heiner, Allred and Rice have been here from twelve to twenty months. The others are new comers, and the weather conditions

seem to them "warm."

Trouble in Mexico began just after President Madero's- inauguration, November 6, last, and as early as November 18, General Bernardo

Reyes was arrested in Texas by United States officers for violating neutrality laws, and later was tried for sedition in Mexico. Emilio

Vasquez Gomez and Emilio Zapata joined with him in an effort to overthrow Madero in December last. Disturbances continued in various parts of the country, notwithstanding efforts by the government

to quell them. On February 1 the rebels named E. V. Gomez provisional president; and on February 27 rebels under General Campa

took the Mexican city of Ciudad Juarez, just over the border from

El Paso, Texas. General Orozco proved disloyal to Madero and went

over to and headed the rebel army in Chihuahua. Zapata and other

leaders continued to plunder haciendas and capture towns. The Madero government is said to be showing little vigor, and what the

outcome will be cannot be conjectured. On March 2, President Taft

warned all persons in the United States to obey the neutrality laws, and all Americans in Mexico to take no part in hostilities except in selfdefense.

Yuan Shi Kai, former Manchu premier, was formally inaugurated provisional president of the new republic of China, in the presence

PASSING EVENTS 575

of a great gathering of delegates, envoys, miltary and naval officers, and other prominent personages, in the foreign office, on March 10.

In consenting to this, Dr. Sun Yatsen, the leader of the revolution;

did a gracious act for which the foreign press universally paid him great compliments. The ceremony was solemn, almost pathetic, and

typical of China's transition. But things are not altogether favorable

to the peaceful establishment of the new regime. On the evening of

February 29, the troops of Peking mutinied and began looting and burning, and there is great unrest in all parts of the country supplemented by a famine; which is claiming thousands of victims.

New Wards and Changes in Bishops, Etc., for the month of February, 1912, as reported by the Presiding Bishop's Office:

New Wards. Tabiona ward, Duchesne stake, organized with

James S. Jones, bishop, and Ross F. Crandall, ward clerk; Bluebell

ward, Duchesne stake, organized with Wm. P. Merrill, bishop, and J.

Isaac Lybbert, ward clerk.

Bishops. Edward Powell, Upton ward, Summit stake, to succeed

John C. Kidd; David J. Sutton, Montpelier First ward, Bear Lake

stake, to succeed Wilford W. Clark.

Ward Clerks. Hyrum S Nicol, Theodore ward, Duchesne stake, to

succeed Barr W. Musser; Albert J. Bird, Fifth ward, Pioneer stake,

to succeed Wm. A. Pettit; Henry J. Kotter, Elsinore ward, Sevier

stake, to succeed Edward Payne; Nels Buttler, Santaquin ward, Nebo

stake, to succeed Lars A. Johnson.

The South Pole was discovered by the Norwegian explorer, Roald

Amundsen, on December 14, 1911, and was first announced in two

Norwegian newspapers on March 8, 1912, based on a telegram from

Captain Amundsen dated Hobart, Tasmania, which reads: "Pole

reached 1417 December."He used the "Fram,"which carried Dr.

Fritjof Nansen to the regions of the north, some years ago. The

captain left Buenos Ayres on his South Pole trip late in 1910, with a small pack of Siberian dogs, and his men were provided with skis for traversing glacier ice. Captain Robert Scott, the British explorer, and his steamer, "Terra Nova,"have not been heard from.

Abram Hatch, president of the Wasatch stake from 1867 to 1902, and a prominent pioneer of the state and Wasatch county, died at his home in Heber, December 2, 1911. He was born in Addison county,

Vermont, January 3, 1830. He came to Utah in September, 1850. He

crossed the plains eleven times for freight and emigrants, filled a mission to the states in 1861, and to Engnd in 1864-7, crossing the

Atlantic on his return in the "Great Eastern."Several years he

represented his county in the Utah legislature, and was prominent in the business development of the country.

President Anthon H. Lund, first counselor in the Presidency of

the Church, and a prominent pioneer, was appointed by Governor

William Spry, January 27, to fill the vacancy in the Capitol Commission, caused by the death of the late President John Henry Smith.

576 IMPROVEMENT ERA

On March 14, the commission adopted and accepted the plans of the new state capitol building, drawn by Architect Richard Kletting. The

style of the new building is severely classical Corinthian, and very much like the capitol at Washington. Mr. Kletting is a German by

birth, and came to Utah twentynine years ago. The building is to

cost two million dollars, and the architect will receive two per cent of the contract price.

"A Victim of the Mormons"is a vicious picture play which has been exhibited in pretty much all parts of the earth. On the very

lirm ground that it slanders the religious beliefs and moral ethics of the public of Utah, a number of people protested against its being shown in the west, and Governor Spry succeeded in getting the

National Boaid to withdraw the libel, which was to have been released for presentation in Utah and other states early in February.

The films are of foreign origin, and have been mentioned in the "Era"as having been shown in Scandinavia and other European countries, and in Africa.

David McKenzie, pioneer thespian, and member of the Deseret

Dramatic company, died on Sunday, March 10, 1912. He was born in

Edinburgh, Scotland, December 27, 1834, and came to Utah in October, 1854. His career upon the stage is well known. In the Salt Lake

theatre he filled leading supporting roles with many of the famous stars of the country. He filled two missions to England, one with

President Joseph F. Smith, in 1874-5. He was a faithful attendant

at Tabernacle services, and acted for many years as clerk and bookkeeper in the President's office. He was an ardent, faithful worker

for the upbuilding of both Church and State.

Margaret G. Clawson, wife of Bishop Hiram B. Clawson, died

February 10, 1912. She was the daughter of Thomas A. Judd and

Teresa Hastings, and was born in Ontario, Canada, September 6, 1831.

She came with the family to Utah, in 1849, arriving in Salt Lake

City, October 16. She was married in 1852 to Bishop Clawson. Her

husband, four sons and three daughters survive her. Her dramatic

career is well known. She took part in the first play ever presented

in the Salt Lake theatre.

A strike of the coal miners of England went into effect February 29. The government tried but failed to avert the strike, and more

than a million colliers stopped work. Three or four times that number were thrown out of employment, and industries have stopped for

lack of fuel. An individual minimum wage for all underground workers is what is demanded of the coal owners.

Judge C. C. Wilson, chief justice of the supreme court of Utah,

from 1868 to 1870, died at his home in Kewanee, Illinois, March 11, 1912, age 85. While chief justice of Utah he was highly honored for

his impartiality and honesty of purpose.

REMINGTON AUTOLOADING RIFLE.

ONE OF BROWNING'S PATENTS WHILE THE OLD GUN IS NOT IN USE HAVE IT REPAIRED

WE CARRY EXTRAS FOR ALL STANDARD MAKES OF THE ARMS.

AND OUR REPAIR SHOP IS THE LARGEST AND BEST EQUIPPED IN THE UNITED STATES.

SEND FOR ESTIMATES ON ANY REPAIR WORK. 150 PAGE CATALOG FREE

BROWNING BROS. CO., OGDEIM, UTAH.

60 o WE PAY PER ANNUM INTEREST ON DEPOSITS

Commercial Savings Benefit Co.

201 Constitution Building, Salt Lake City, Utah

D. J. WILLIAMS, Manager

<F The Pride of Washington Thresher

A PRIDE will thresh more grain than any machine in the country and thresh it cleaner. You get all the grain—it does not get into the stack. An

absolutely perfect machine, and constructed from the finest materials obtainable. It is a grain belt machine and should not be confused with the old

style agitator. IT THRESHES THE GRAIN SEVEN TIMES IN

ITS PASSAGE THROUGH THE MACHINE. Make/your [preparations now to get one for 1912. Write today for catalogue No. 59.

THE GILBERT HUNT COMPANY WALA WALA, WASH.

J (When writing to Advertisers, please mention the ERA)

Three Weeks of Koffeetcr-iaKhr; v r.'

will cure you of the coffee habit. It will do

more than that. It will strengthen your nerves

and add vigor to your body. Try it. It's certainly worth 25c to find out what we say is true.

Your Grocer sells it. 25c a Package.

MADE BY College Pure Food Co., Logan, Utah

Ask for Z. C. M. I.

Western

k Scout Shoes The ideal Sumfefcw mer Shoe for

Ik Men, Youths, SNB gpf and Boys.

"Everything for the Farm"The Newest Dependable Things Always Come to Us First

LEADING IMPLEMENT VXHI

Utah. Idaho.\>y)minJ &Nevada GEO. T. ODLLL, General Manager

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the ERA)