IMPROVEMENT

Natural Gas

Serving an EverIncreasing Number of Customers Since 1929

MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY

EXPLORING

By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR

An automatic traffic cop using radar is now available which measures and records the speed of every passing automobile without the motorists'knowledge. Using the shortwave

radar echoes from the moving automobile this instrument can be set up at any point on the highway and does not require a specially measured base line. This will eliminate arguments

of prejudiced witnesses and misleading speedometer readings.

A mother can influence the health of her grandchildren. By insuring

plenty of vitamin D, extra vitamin such as from fish liver oil may benecessary, the bones will develop TOWN HOUSE Cookies by Purity cost you only normally, and if a girl's pelvic bones 16 2A$ a dozen.* They contain loads of chocolate

develop normally, the grandchildren drops, real pecan nuts, pure creamery butter and will be born without injuries, with other choice ingredients. These expensive matenormally shaped heads after short easy rials, plus the value of your own time, wouldlabors. The pelvic opening of healthy

infants as of normally developed make the cost of homemade chocolate chip adults is round, but during growing cookies far more than the low price of TOWN years the pelvis may become flattened HOUSE Chocolate Drop Cookies.

and oval in shape as with most white And—you always get perfectly baked and

of the thewomen. shape However, cookies no disappoint-—

ispelvis race not determined or by Cookies. you buy HOUSE TOWNcolor but apparently of ments—whenperfectly delicious by the amount

vitamin D during childhood and Get a package or two at your grocer's today.

adolescence.

'T'here is a Perpetual Ice Cave in )

New Mexico which has 25,000 /\ cubic feet of solid ice buried sixty feet below the surface of a geologically >L recent extrusion of lava.

A violin entirely of aluminum has constructed been by J. E. Maddy

at the University It is a. '***''! J of Michigan.

said to have a good sound resembling that of violins made of thick wood. r$Msmm$$

'v *\-* r\ESERT birds get the water they need *Sold in cellophane- \ in various ways. The Texas wrapped cartons which

nighthawk, cactus wren, and gnataverage 34 cookies catcher get their moisture from the apiece. At the prevailing fill** wi* m com.

insects they eat, and the prairie falcon retail price of 47{ a and the raven from the mammals or package the cost would reptiles. Seedeaters such as Gambel's be 162/3{ a dozen.

quail and the doves must make daily trips to water holes or streams. The

quails always live near water, but the doves may fly fifty miles for their PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY SALT LAKE - PHOENIX daily drink of water.

FEBRUARY 1950 81 (nw urn FOUB GOLDEN GLEANERS amona

Lritchheia -jrawiiw

Want to know how good a cream sauce can be? Then

make it with Morning Milk, mixed with equal parts of water, or for a richer flavor, use Morning Milk undiluted, just as it comes from the can.

The smooth texture, rich flavor of Morning Milk insure the most delicious cream NORMA ENID THELDA sauce you ever tasted.

'"Phe Lewis R. Critchfield family of

For Best Results Cassia Stake, Oakley, Idaho,

Every Time, Use deserves to be proud of the record made by them individually and colMORNING MILK lectively. Four of the daughters

are Golden Gleaners, having won this enviable recognition for the leadership they have displayed in their Mutual and Church activities.

These four Golden Gleaner daughters have also accepted mission calls as has their mother, Zella Critchfield. Their father is stake presiZETTA

dent.

The family are modest about their

Central States Mission; Zetta reachievements, and it took considerturned in December from the

able effort on the part of the stake

Y.W.M.LA. president, Melda M. California Mission; and Enid left October 14, to serve in the British

Hale, to ascertain the facts. Sister

Mission.

Critchfield filled a mission to the

Central States; Thelda (Mrs. Each of the girls has attended

at least two years. They..Were making George B. Robinson) was on a college

mission in the North Central States have all held responsible positions capacities. the NEWHOUSE Mission; Norma, now Mrs. Grant in both ward and stake

new again! Bowenserved asof aRexburg,missionaryIdaho,in thelikewiseNorth presidencySister Critchfieldof the Reliefis in Society.the stake

The Newhouse is one of the The girls as well as Sister Critchhotels great to of makethe Westit greaterand field are all musically talented. They we're going

been ever. haven't If you than see have been widely active in civic in and recently, drop there

tor yourself. affairs as well as in religious activities of their ward and stake. The

Critchfields are also successful?i seamstresses and make many of MRS. dresses. LEWIS R. their own CRITCHFIELD.'hoteletvpe reservations fi-,Y rf of the Critchfields example The

chorrtW* tsTtRMtoHOTELSBoise, [HOTELS! has been a salutary one in the community in which they live. Other

francisco, r families throughout the Church

Seale - could benefit from following their.:::;:: example. M.C.J.

82 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

why themmhjReadirw Club OFFERS TO SEND YOU OF THESE FINE BOOKS ANY TWOWITH MEMBERSHIP FREE are invited you to accept the any of two for wonbooks the whole family—books which are worthYES, derful this books new as shown on page your while, interesting and entertaining without being

first Gift FREE Membership and Book objectionable Bonus FREE in way. any Read, below, the how

Book join when our you book dub! Family The Family Reading operates Club; then mail to coupon

Reading to Club was find founded distribute and the join Club get nd free your books—today! TWO

THE THE FAITH LIVE CHAIN BY STORIES TO THE Funk OF Wagnalls HILL & THE WEST OF

Paul GREATEST STORY By Wellman L /. Alson By Smith GREAT OPERAS COLLEGE Carroll Gladys STANDARD By Hasty

EVER TOLD Milton Cross By rich, DICTIONARY fashionable conjust is The Here faith what You'll be enchanted by Oursler Fulton By gregation of St. Alban's it and to you that can use first magnificent howis book basically The this differThe story heartwarming

faithful tellreverent, declared the on young is war triumph A frustrathe exciting over in people ent everyguide years! word of beautiful a young

ing the of sublime story of pastor to tions new dared who conflicts of and where! every Contains Contains over girl 145,000 enMaine her escape and

Jesus, bringing him and to "their"open church life. all aria, everyday tries, a score In action, the the 1,420 pages: measloneli- from poverty and

those lives the poor. whose were beat of inspiring he chapters, stories of How Dr. complete ures sevenin into size ness life the of and kind 6J4"x9 1/i"

is a excithis with story entwined them mustn't you Smith that proves is tytwo of you bestthe can world's beautifully printed she imthought on was to close ingly you. of book miss—author the A fear conquer find the operatic loved by and dramas; fine paper. 627 for the possible must dream. new A Aan

cherish. family your will of Walls Jericho"! to "The in faith! key factfilled big, happiness pages. Pubpermanent library! of love kind home story. Pubedition, Publisher's Publisher's $2.95. edition, $3.00. Publisher's lisher's edition, edition, $2.50. $3.75. Publisher's edition, lisher's edition, $5.50. $3.00.

BOOKS FOR THE WHOLE FAMILY AT BIG SAVINGS

EACH MONTH publishers are invited to a real addition to your library. And your

submit books they believe will meet books will be delivered to your door by MAIL COUPON NOW!the Family Reading Club standards. Our the postman—ready to read!

of Editors then selectsBoard the book it Free "Bonus"Books enthusiasticallycan to recommend most FREE BOOKS TWO are themembers. These books WITH MEMBERSHIP

ery can family member of your whichread—ev- "Bonus"The FamilyBook Readingfree for eachClub fourdistributesClub se-a

books to be read with pleasure, rememlections you take. These books will meet FAMILY READING CLUB; DEPT. 2ER

bered and discussed with delight, and rethe high Club standards of excellence, inMINEOLA, NEW YORK tained in your home library with pride. terest, superior writing and wholesome Please enroll me in the Family Reading Club and

I send the two subject as books have me checked below build can a you up instance, recentFor matter—and among books which

first my Gift Membership and Free Book Bonus fine this library at extra home no way obtained themembers through Family Book:

expense. purchase of The the from books fine areReading such Club as books The Story Greatest Stories of Complete for Club only $1.89 the of of"Peace "Father Mind"the and Flanagan each—instead Great Operas Ever Told publishers'retail regular prices to of $2.50 College Standardof outstanding such Boys G The Chain Town"—and Dictionary to $4.00—saves you of your 25% bestsellersfiction 35% as Elizabeth Goudge's Faith to Live By Hill of the West dollars. book the value the of And when"Pilgrim's Inn"Frances Parkinson and

Each will you month a send review of me is in, Bonus figured Books actually youKeyes'Cavalier.""Came A the Club's forthcoming I selection—which may as save as much 50%! accept I reject or as choose. are There no to Membership What memMeans You

bership or dues the requirement that Join fees—only Send No—is Money Now for charge in There no membership I accept a of minimum four Club selections

the Family Reading cost the Club beyond in believe during the club will If you a coming which book twelve at months only $1.89

of the books themselves. You pay only appeal to the finest instincts of every memeach, plus postage and handling.

$1.89 each (plus postage and handling ber of your family, let us introduce you to Mr.

charge) for the books you purchase after the Family Reading Club by sending you Mrs.

Missreading will review the book which (Please Print) your choice come of of any the books TWO each month. necesto your home It is not free above as shown your Membership Street and No

sary to purchase a book every month Gift Book and first free Bonus Book. Just

only four each year to retain your memmail the coupon. However, as this unuCity Zone.... State

bership. All selections are new, complete, sual offer be Age, withdrawn may at any

Occupationwellprinted if21 wellbound; and each urge will be to mail the we you coupon NOW!time,

St., Same Price in Canada: 105 Bond. Under Toronto 2

*FAMILY READING CLUB MINEOLA, YORK NEW

FEBRUARY 1950 83 Lsfficiai \Jraan of THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD

TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF

Jke Lnurck of

ill of <=Latteraau Jalnti rw VOLUME 53 NUMBER 2—3ekruar li 1950

Editors: GEORGE ALBERT SMITH - JOHN A. WIDTSOE RICHARD L. EVANS THE COVER

Managing Editor: DOYLE L. GREEN

Associate Managing Editor: MARBA C. JOSEPHSON February 5 has been designated as

Manuscript Editor: ELIZABETH J. MOFFITT - Research Editor: ALBERT L. ZOBELL, JR. Scout Sunday throughout the Church of

"Today's Family"Editor: BURL SHEPHERD - Art Director: NELSON WHITE Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. The

Contributing Editors: ARCHIBALD F. BENNETT - G. HOMER DURHAM spiritual values of scouting have always

FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR. - HUGH NIBLEY - LEE A. PALMER - SIDNEY B. SPERRY been first in the eyes of the leaders of

General Manager: ELBERT R. CURTIS - Associate Manager: BERTHA S. REEDER scouting in the Church and the nation, as

Business Manager: JOHN D. GILES - Advertising Director: VERL F. SCOTT exemplified by the Scout law, "A Scout

is Reverent."The young Scout pictured

on the cover of this month's Era, was photographed by George Bergstrom.

The Editors Page Perpetuating Liberty George Albert Smith 93

Church Features

Evidences and Reconciliations: CXLII—Whence Came the Temple

Endowment? John A. Widtsoe 94

Lehi in the Desert—Part II Hugh Nibley 102

President George F. Richards and His Scouting Family..Forace Green 118

Four Golden Gleaners among Melchizedek Priesthood 140

Critchfield NoLiquor-Tobacco Family, Marba Column,

C. 82 F. EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL OFFICES Josephson Conducted by Joseph

The Church Moves On 88 Merrill 141 50 North Main Street

AllChurch M Men Basketball Presiding Bishopric's Page, PreSalt Lake City 1, Utah 88 Tournament Inc., Corpora- a pared by Lee A. Palmer 142 Funds, Mutual by 1950 Copyright appointees to the M.I.A. New Improvement Mutual Men's of the Young Missionaries November anare General of Boards Christ of Jesus of Church the 158 tionAssociation

reserved. SubAll rights Saints. Latterday nounced 90 December Missionaries 159

foreign in advance; price, $2.50 a year, scription

subscriptions, $3.00 a year, in advance; 25c

Special Features single copy.

City, Utah, Office, Salt Lake Entered at the Post for mailing secondclass matter. Acceptance The University of Utah—An Institution that Grew from the Ideals as

of the People Levi Edgar Young 96 at special rate of postage provided for in section

July authorized 2, 1917, Act of October 99 1103, Linton for Louise Gathering Salmon your Speech—IV 1918. E. F. Orson Asper 100 James Whitney—PoetMaterial

of Cannon... responsible for unMousley Era is Vision and Accomplishment... Ann not The Improvement A Story

Madelyn Stewart Silver 107 solicited manuscripts, but welcomes contributions.

Colonization of the Big Horn Basin by thje Latterday Saints All manuscripts must be accompanied by sufficient

Eliza R. Lythgoe 110 postage for delivery and return.

An Expedition to Central America M. Wells Jakeman 112

The Spirit Path Karl E. Young 120 Change of Address

for required notice of adchange The Spoken Word from Temple Square include ordering please a change, Fifteen Whendays'issue of...Richard L. Evans 128, 132, 148, 156 dress.address the magazine. a recent slip from

unless the old Address cannot changes be made Fabric Universe, Franklin the Exploring Finishes, Do You included. well as address as one is the new 124 81 Jr. S. Harris, Know Them?

Times—World These—Not World Domination,—G.Leadership BlueprintSoup's On for Beauty.....124124 National Advertising Representatives

Homer Durham 85 Do's and Don't's for the

On the Bookrack 115 Party 130 Today's Family Burl Shepherd Your Page and Ours 160

EDWARD S. TOWNSEND

San Francisco and Los Angeles ies, Poetry SADLER & SANGSTON ASSOCIATES

Water Under the Bridge Milton Waring 101 New York

A Pair of Skates Alvin S. Schow 105 LYTLENIEMAN

While Dancing the Varsovienne Alice Morrey Bailey 108 Chicago

The Fort on the Firing Line—XVIII Albert R. Lyman 116

Frontispiece, Swept Autumnsen 91 ward, Berta Huish ChristenPoetry Page 92

Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

84 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA WORLD LEADERSHIP...

notit vl/ond <JDominaUon, Opportunity

By DR. G. HOMER DURHAM

Head of Political Science Department, University of Utah Knocks Again

in the pressft is announced that the hand. But even in pragAmerican for opportunities Valuable

* retirement maticinstrumentalist Kennan, of Mr. thought, George even in intellectual professional and

chief policy planner of the United the "progressive"notions of Mr. John advancement are opened to

States of State philosopher, Department (and a Dewey, nowhere do we Latterday with Saint youth still find in his forties justification ), willyoung for man the successful quarter each at Brigham new thistake leader spring. place coming doing (a) everything for (b) University. Young

Mr. Kennan's influence on recent everybody (c) everywhere. Perhaps

American foreign policy is wellknown to take a page out of one of Mr. New classes will be availfor the doctrine of steady and conDewey's tomes, as currently exhibited able for beginning students

stant pressure against the Soviet Union in a "progressive"schoolroom where and old, who will find courses at all points, in the hope that within the teacher seems to be (a) letting adapted to aid them in reachten or fifteen years (perhaps at the everybody ( b ) do anything ( c ) in any ing their educational goals.

demise of Stalin) external pressure way, could be suggestive for American would produce an internal "explosion"conduct in foreign affairs. Those entering for the first

(political) within the U.S.S.R. The At any given time, the world situatime should send entrance apTruman doctrine, the Marshall plan, tion poses questions of fact to be plications to the Admissions

the North Atlantic pact—everything grasped at and judged with caution, Committee at least one month

except our China policy (and even perspicacity, foresight, and wisdom. prior to the quarter in which

there we tried!)—fit into the Kennan To respond, doctrinaire fashion, with they plan to register.

scheme. either "global internationalism"or

is external "isolationism"pressure Continual against both futile and spuSPRING QUARTER rious.the a natural Soviet is and tobe-exThere are fundamentals of posipected doctrine as the normal reaction tion, geography, climate, economics, March 20 to June 2

to the "appeasement"policies of the societal makeup, and, unfortunately,

It questions be is it wise? thirties. But of industrial may and technical SUMMER QUARTER

it justificationinsufficient is antithat that power, will always determine appeasement and that it is an offensive foreign policy no matter what kind June 12 to August 25 against the threat of communism, of political views, stylish or unstylish,

Soviet brand. There have been obmen hold. Over and above these

noxious states exhibiting obnoxious fundamentals looms the fundamental doctrines to their neighbors, and overpolitical fact, given the present organrunning them, before 1950. After ization of our world into national Brigham

Stalin is forgotten, there will probably states, that it is impossible, short of be other, similar, undermining or overexternal, forceful domination, internal ridingthreats. Is there a real clue to surreptitious penetration, outright purYoung a sound position in the present China chase or occupation, for the governpolicy of "waiting until the dust ment of one nation to dominate ansettles"? other and live in peace. This, I asThere is a tremendous difference besume, is what we learned in China in University

tween being the world's greatest power, 19451949.

which we probably are, and running When people therefore ask why we PROVO, UTAH the world, which we cannot. As a don't do something about China or

people we are unprepared for our role about Peron or Franco or the Maras a world power, let alone to (a) run shall plan countries, or British socialeverything for (b) everybody (c) ism, or Timbuktu—we might rememeverywhere. The greatest evidence of ber this forgotten fact of international ALLCHURCH

this immaturity and unpreparedness life. This does not mean that we sit lies in the constant reminder that we idly by while the world is sovietized. M MEN

must now prepare to face the tasks Far from it! It means that we, here Basketball Tourne >

of world leadership, coupled with the and now, must attempt to try to learn MARCH 1-2-3-4 popular response and rethe distinction between action that unthinkingly world leadership in the Season Tickets:

$4.00 Seats Reserved assumesand incorrectly cause of freedom, and

$2.50 General Admission

isthat our task worlddomination, world filled. orders being lest Advance nowoperation, when, curenthusiasm lead us blindor to: checks Send orders money

it isrently, at most ly into the Soviet TOURNAMENT mis- M MEN leadership.merely world take, role. latter the COMMITTEE

The leader sets a good I have a prejudice 50 North Main Street example. He may even that a nation forced to Salt Lake City 1

lend a constant helping {Concluded on following page)

FEBRUARY 1950 85 World Leadership

choose between domination American Valuable Books Every {Concluded from preceding page) and Soviet domination prefer might

that both unpalatable to would be Member of the Church the former. But I entertain a suspicion those dominated. F. Byrnes'James

i words of "patience with firmness""Mother Londwal Classic! utteredsuggestive.at ToStuttgartcarry thein "firmness"1946 are

to the point of harrying, provokthat ANCIENTS suggest of the Department THE

B. IUNDWALL ceasing State, without to be firm, conFAITH1 ""LIKEBy N. ing, and irritating the U.S.S.R. might

sider the words of an eighteenth

realities often lacking in twentiethPrice- Gems of Assorted documents: century "scareor-soothe"EreiHigh, century man. They reflect political $2,75 etc. The Vision, less Value,

faith justice todoc- good "Observe and spel gosc and the a over all nations. Cultivate and peace Church wards the The in Like Faith anc authorities chosen -2-SrjTJK;. arious.. carefully all. with harmony a hryears Includes | period fr;h7o:Sd Seventy. "In the execution of the a plan | such.of many', volomesjn.- editedeaueu lm 1 DR. Milton is 1mmm>.mH.,m..n.mm.un. essential that nothing than more 1n from—by 1111,m statements foreword umiimiiiiiMHuiBiimttim"

particular nations and passion- r permanent, inveterate antipathies =====::

Fills for ate others attachments should

... excluded. nation A Long Felt Need In Ch urch Literature"'""""'""iimiiimiHifiiiiiininmiii beagainst which The

indulges toward another an habitual is in habitual fondness hatred or an... either BIBLE STORIES FOR THE a slave of which some degree

is sufficient to lead it astray from its YOUNG LATTERDAY its interest.... SAINTS duty and

BY EMMA MARR PETERSEN

"The great rule of conduct for us,

Saint firRJr*9 La,ter -dy will thrill to th 'S popular book... the intendingregardourto foreigncommercialnations,relations,is, in exto viewpoint expressed. simply written.

have with them as little political con-

I nection as possible."- m

- i The above words, attributed by

Hamilton's Alexander some to keen mind, are taken from Washington's

It | Special Pre -Inventory Clearance | Farewell sound stateis a Address.

It principle. of for is also the ment THE DRAGON I AND MAN benefit "interfashion, current of A. YVIDTSOE BY JOHN 1 oroblems of today... eonnationalist"Atand "global."The

lantic pact, even, supported can be

Hour of the the address the document. from But Man The YOUNG, I BRIGHAM

is exhibit also great of a WIDTSOE D. LEAH BY cnurchman. I this great jrf accomplish the. the of nature political the Portrays $ leadj treasuie. a truth—givenconscious it like I= You'll in extending contemporary world—that

interests, our influence, our our and OF UR PRINCE relations, in short commercial what LEAH H. findings BY SUSA Y. GATES

k Regular fascinating 9 position a has today our world become W.DKQI e ChCdees."of a SSy It'sarcheology sacrificebaSAST* sensitive leadership, should be of at a lll "l,,"","l "; we now value, $2.00 I lllll,,.miiii.nu..ii"ii'i'"'

iuHiHHiimiimiimiiiiwiiiiiiiiiiiiiHiiiimi iiiiiiimiiiiiiniiiiiiii LimiiHiimmnii jurispolitically, fact that the the to diction of our government is still limited. To maintain a position of SPECIAL NOTICE TO FULL TIME MISSIONARIES

Write for listing of books and special discount privileges leadership based on harmony and friendship, we should have with foreign nations "as little political connection as possible."This little will

still be much. BOOKCRAFT1186 SOUTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY 4, UTAH The nature and extent of this little

'PUBLISHERS AND DISTRIBUTORS OF L.D.S. LITERATURE'muchness is among the great issues

for judgment by the American people in these times.

86 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FEBRUARY CHROME JUBILEE

&&?aW*CLMi Jubilee Model: Table 30"x 42"closed, 30"chairwkh curved, welted back and weired seat

x 52"open; MICALITE top in red, blue, tan, and in red, blue, ivory, green, and yellow duran.

grey pearl parrern, green marble, and yellow Alternate "S"type chair with same upholstery batik. Color harmonized metal apron. 4-Iegged and colors at slightly lower price.

"*i

Guaranteed >od Housekeepi

/DVERTISCPJ During February and March, this nationally advertised

Virtue Bros, chrome dinette is selling at this new low price. Take

advantage of this splendid home furnishings opportunity now.

Sendfor colorful, free book, "Qualities to look for in chrome furniture"VIRTUE BROS. CO. MFG.

- *;..*'*',3&. The West's largest manufacturer furniture of chrome

LOS ANGELES 45, CALIFORNIA

boiling even Not water harms micalite sides both of resistant top preStain unafmicalite parts built All to exact requiresturdy and colorful micalite tops seals vents warping, moisture out fected liquids, by fruit acids, for ink ments symmetry and balance

Tailorwelted, upholduran Body conforming chairs provide Smoothly polished tubchrome keeps Damp cloth both table and shape, stay stered chairs hold support new maximum and comfort ing cannot snag fragile hosiery chairs looking sparkling new

FEBRUARY 1950 THE CHURCH MOVES ON A Uau IJo Jjay Chronology \Jf Uiurck Cvents speaker. The centennial box, containMemorial services held in the

November 1949 ing Sunday School mementos and les2B Assembly Room, Church Ad144th the building, on sealed to be opened fifty ministration aids, was son First Twin Falls Ward, Burl217 Prophet of the the birth anniversary of now. from years * from organized Stake, (Idaho)

part of Burl Ward; Earle Quigley, Joseph Smith.

bishop. Marie Stuart and Ethel Baker

of Richards Elder Stephen L to general appointed 10 Callis Falls Twin Burl Second Ward, spoke the the of board 25 Council Twelve I. A. of Y. W. M. of part organized from Sake,(Idaho)

title of Giving"Great the to "The Day Cox, bishop. ClydeBurl Ward; of the the Air"the of "Church on Washington Capitol Ward, 1-t

A (D. C.) Stake, dedicated by Columbia Broadcasting System. December 1949

Elder Ezra Taft Benson of the Council

Highland Park Ward, San of the Twelve. Microfilming of Church records 4 Fernando ( California ) Stake, 28 began at the Church historian's

is It that the library. memexpected of portions Garvanzacreated from O. David President McKay 1o first, filmed will be bership records bishop. Jones,Ward; Thomas Second the Granger "dedicated then manuscripts, by and followed by Stake, (California) Glendale Salt Stake, chapel, Jordan North creWard it is project in the which books, rareated of portions from Fernando San County. Lake last will years. believed two ofStake, Sunset, LaCrecomprised (Utah) First Beaver Milford Ward,

centa, East, Glendale Glendale West, Milportions of from Stake, created for I. A. enrolment Elysian, Park HighlandGarvanza, and bishop. Tuttle, E. Clarence ford Ward; as 100,675 31 Y.1949W.wasM.announced S. Dibble, Presidentwards. Edwin

formerly second counselor in San Milford Second Ward, Beaver as follows: stake and mission boards

Fernando Stake, sustained as presi- (Utah) Stake, created from portions 5525, ward boards 19,913, Special dent, with Nephi L. Anderson, formof Milford Ward; Carlyle F. Gronning, Interest groups 20,797, Gleaner Girls

erly first counselor ki the San Fernando bishop. 15,571, Junior Girls 12,854, and BeeStake, and Harry Brooks as counselors. Hive Girls 26,015.

Salt Stake Square, VisitorsRemaining in San Fernando on Temple are 21 ofPresidentHighland Stayner(Salt LakeRichardsCity) for 1949. Studio City, totaled Hollywood, 1,046,000Burbank, North Lake

of the BritStake, president appointed highCity, thirtyinch and of a San FerNuys, Reseda, Van The receipt

First Presidency, ish Mission by the C. President the the wards. vase fromnando Meissen Hugh women of

Smith and counselors Russel F. Dailey succeeding President Selvoy J. Boyer, SwissAustrian Mission was anand Wetzel O. Whittaker, sustained. who has presided in London since May nounced by the Relief Society general

Retiring president of San Fernando 1946. board. The vase, which was made

Jr., of in 1830, the year of the organizationStake, David H. Cannon, served eighPresident Lucian Mecham,

teen years. Elders Harold B. Lee and Mesa (Arizona) Stake, appointed of the Church, will be placed in the

Mission of the Mexican the of Council presidentSpencer by planned new Relief Society building. W. Kimball

Presithe First Presidency, succeeding the directed organizaof the Twelve tion of the 175th stake of the Church. dent ArweH L. Pierce who has presided there since August 1942. January 1950

a Centennial year of the Sunday Mormons Bog (DanishNorwegian "School closed, with appropriate Book of Mormon), announced as being President George Albert Smitk services at which President David O. off the press in a new translation. This 1 dedicated the L. D. S. Institute

McKay, former general superintendent is the sixth edition of the Book of of Religion adjacent to the University of Sunday Schools, was principal Mormon in that tongue. of Utah campus, Salt Lake City.

ALLCHURCH M MEN BASKETBALL TOURNAMENT

to Be Held March 1, 2, 3, and 4

Olans for what is expected to be nights. The first two nights will in the tournament will be presented

the biggest allChurch M Men be held in the Deseret Gymnasium. with a gold participation medal,

will be Basketball tournament in history are Playoffs in the thirteen M Men and other special awards nearing completion. Dates of the divisions are scheduled for the early made.

J. Ashton is chairman of tourney are March I, 2, 3, and 4. weeks of February. Winners of Marvin

athletic the of committee the Y. M. popularof the growing Because

each division qualify for the all- A. general board. Committee the M. I. ity cage classic, of the annual

Church tournament. The other members in charge of the event are final two nights of the tournament

will be held in the University of three teams to make up the sixteen Dale Curtis, Verl F. Scott, Walter

Utah field house. This will enable team bracket will be chosen after Woffinden, Dick Collett, and Parry

more than twice as many fans to playoffs among the runnerup clubs Sorensen.

attend the tournament on these two of the larger divisions. Each player (See page 85)

88 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 'tffo4acM?<no catoT fazed,

Put an "oldtimer"behind the wheel of a modern John Deere

Tractor for the first time. Show him the PowrTrol lever

that controls equipment hydraulically and let him make a few rounds. He'll come back, grinningcomment—"Whofrom ear to ear,said withyou can'tone teachenthusiastican old

dog New Tricks?"

Everywhere, farmers are taking to PowrTrol like a duck takes to water. And

no wonder, for it's the greatest contribution to easier, faster, better farming made in recent years.

John Deere PowrTrol is an exclusive, fwoway hydraulic system that gives you complete, effortless control of (1) integral tools from the tractor rockshafts, and (2) drawn machines through an easilyattached, doubleaction remote cylinder. Two speeds are provided. A fast speed quickly angles or straightens disks, raises or lowers other tools; a slow

speed permits accurately selecting any inbetween position... all at a touch of your hand on a

convenient lever, while the tractor is "on the go"or standing still.

A "first"by John Deere in 1945, and steadily improved since then, PowrTrol is the foremost hydraulic system on the market today—thoroughly fieldthe Tractors of Deere John thousands proved on

of effortless control It offers over. country you the Model3plow power;"G"allfuel enginegreatest variety of farm equipment, and it's available

for 13 great John Deere models. Find out all about it;

fill out the coupon and mail it—today.

::::''John Deere, Moline, 111., Dept, '

Gentlemen: Please send complete information I

on John Deere GeneralPurpose Tractors with |:il Hydraulic PowrTrol. I DEERE JOHN Name j35Di*Sf I N E ILLINOIS Town., R.F.D State 'mmmmmm M O L

FEBRUARY 1950 89

NEW APPOINTEES TO M.I.A. GENERAL BOARDS

Baker "Pthel Callis was M'[ariea daughterStuart, born in Mercur, of Ella M. and

Utah, the daughthe late Alba Airter of A. S. Baker met Stuart, was

and the late Marborn in Rockgaret M. She ford, Illinois,

received her, < while her mother training in the I,>, I / pjy was on a visit to

School, the her Stuart made UniMARIE STUART ETHEL BAKER CALLIS HOW LONG HAS Stewart Training HHKL- H'>'her parents. Miss versity Preparain Preston, home

tory School, and Idaho, for sixteen the University of Utah, where she years (where she completed her

IT BEEN? receivedmajor in herpublicA,B.speaking.degree Shewith hasa grammarmoving to schoolSalt Lakeeducation)City. prior to

done graduate work in the University A graduate of Latterday Saint Uniof California at Los Angeles and University, she attended the University

Yes, how long has it been since you versity of Southern California and is of Utah for two years to obtain her master's find to for her reviewed insurance your out work now completing for the certificate grammar teaching if rebuild to you have enough Utah, University of or degree from the conshe has that time grades. Since in loss? of replace local case your Ask

teaching. also she is today to your where analyze KOLOB AGENT extension through studies tinued her

to coverage see if you have enough in professional active been to her She has schools classes summer and to protection increased today's meet values. theater work, running a little theater B.S. degree.

with her husband in El Paso, Texas, Sister Stuart has served as secretary being associated with the Moroni of the American Childhood Education

Olson players, the Henry Duffy group Association. She has taught school in

in San Francisco and Long Beach, and Sevier County, Granite district of Salt the Ben ErwayGladys George comLake County, and is now a teacher in

City. in Salt has GENERAL INSURANCE AGENCY A She pany Lake system. school City Salt apthe Lake Salisbury, Frank Mgr.

in Theater University peared many Bldg. Salt Judge Lake City 330 of consisted has work Church Her

player outstanding plays, the and won Ensign in the East teaching Ward for her characterization of Mrs. award of School, of taking charge Sunday

is a Oliver Holmes. She Wendell talks for twoand-a-halfminute the

member of Theta Alpha Phi, national that organization, and also of being dramatic fraternity, and Zeta Phi Eta, a stake Sunday School board member national speech fraternity. of Ensign Stake, a position from which

Mrs. Callis has also done personnel she was released when she received

work, serving the J. C. Penney Co., her general board appointment. Miss

the Veterans'Administration, and Stuart has also been a Special Interhandling problems of movie extras. She est director in East Ensign Ward, and

also did social case work for a time for a year was assistant ward clerk in Los Angeles. She organized and of the same ward.

is directing a course in human relathe to has been assigned Miss Stuart tions and personality development the of Interest department at Special

Henager's Business College, Salt Lake general board.

City. Furthermore, she has done radio

work for the past eight years in Salt

Lake City and prior to that time in

Here's how you can Hollywood.

get your car and a Mrs. Callis'activities in the Church THREE MORE BOARD

MEMBERS NAMED of included that School have Sunday FREE VACATION in teacher the Junior counselor and B. Elvis A. Schwendiman, Fred for less than the dein Wilshire School Sunday Ward, S. Richard Tanner Terry, have and livered price of the car! in California, the teacher and to the board general Tenth been appointed

ImMutual Men's the Young Schools, stake of Ivins wards'Sunday car your Order your from home Elders Association. provement of the board member Wells Stake. dealer.. have town arrange him resiare Tanner and Schwendiman

for you to take delivery at the facSunday School, and counselor in the dents of Salt Lake City, and Elder tory. Go Greyhound to the factory Ivins Ward Y.W.M.I.A Terry resides at Orem, Utah.

city, to for save and enough pay to is assigned Elder Schwendiman Callis, has Mrs. whose husband sightseeing pleasant your highway Terry Elder the committee, M Men is the of passed mother away, trip! two your Agent Ask Greyhound Elder to committee, the music and

full for information today. elder, daughters. E. Mrs. The committee. athletic the to C. Tanner

Wimmer, lives in Salt Lake City, and Pictures of these brethren together

OVERLAND the younger, Margaret, is attending with biographical sketches will appear in the March Improvement G R EYHOU high school in Los Angeles. Era.

Operated by INTERSTATE TRANSIT LINES Mrs. Callis has been assigned to the

and UNION PACIFIC STAGES, INC. drama committee of the general board.

90 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA -—Photograph bg H. Armstrong Robert*

JlAwept By BERTA HUISH CHRISTENSEN—Afuhumnwar,J——

are betraying love who only sing I know, for I have watched through memoriedV,hey

Its springtime fire in the heart still young, years

And leave its embered radiance unsung. The taper light, unwavering, that lies

Impassioned syllables that kiss and cling Constant and wisdomwarm within his eyes.

lips to bless the the nuptial vowUpon And I have felt above the weight of tears, as that quickly pass fade blossoms fadeWill

Faint as a leaf fall in the autumn blue,Into the silent tapestry of grass,

Swept autumnward beyond the petaled bough. His reassuring touch upon my arm.

Yet they may kindle in the heart a flame Tender, though passion free, it is more warm

Of stength, enduring as its shared belief, Than any fire that the springtime knew.

The glowing embers, warm against all grief, They are betraying love unto the young

Still as the quiet calling of a name. Who leave its embered radiance unsung.

FEBRUARY 1950 91 PROMISE

By Inez Clack Thorson

T Jere in this winterprisoned ground * There is a subtle stirring, More of promise than of sound,

More of primal urge to rise ADVANCE SHOWING BEQUEST... After the long sleep.

This, God's promise unto men By Elaine V. Emans By Georgia Moore Eberling That after the long waiting

will follow dark again, north is the lad inside wind'T'he blew not country merely "rocks the through break ash once moreand LightFlame -* door, rills,"the My death! Life will conquer

he glad of it, because his jacket was plain,And I love of rolling Although mile each

Was low in stormresistance, while he Its lakes and rivers and the purple hrlls m wore That gleam in silversatin after rain.

No mitten on the hand that held a packet My heritage is Jamestown; and the men REVERIE

Of flower seeds to sell me if he could! Who left their bloody footprints in the

But when we closed the door, we shut away snow By Frances P. Reid

The snowy winter afternoon and stood At Valley Forge; and those who rallied

Kneedeep among petunias, and gay when love this western land o'f mine,

Snapdragons, marigolds, and rainbow Rebellion's hurricane began to blow; I For vistas spread before my eye

phlox, Those boys who sailed away to find no Of verdant meadows lush with grain;

And giant zinnias, and four o'clocks. more Dense clumps of poplars bending nigh

And I gave all the change my cupboard Their gay, lost youth, who laid their young To touch the roofs of homes and barns;

had lives down For willowbanked canals that wind

To buy the packets from the brighteyed At barren outposts on foreign shore Like gentle serpents through the plain;

lad, Forever to be gems in freedom's crown. For canyons lashed by fury blind;

And wished that it were more, for, with This is the rich bequest they left to me: For snowy peaks forever swathed

the seed, The will to live, or die, for liberty. In cloudspun drapes and pristine snow;

He left the voucher /or the spring I need. Forever there, they beckon me

A lowlander who yearns to leave his hoe.

GRAY HERE BEAUTY MAY BE FOUND ToI lovesmellthethesilencesage wetof thedowndesert;by rain,

By Lael W. Hill By Julia W. Wolfe To bask in unrestrained sun

Or glimpse the cacti blooms again.

is in found unsuspected "Deauty ways: I rise the in love or drop land color; gentle is a/ray '-"that labors knotted Within lets hand some our neighbor That town seem are days gentle Gray daysV'long lights twinkling of others miles To away ( quiet, kindly hoursWhose the duty's sake; For wrinkled upon like close us brow ships draws in harbor. And quiet, soothingHave ways.

all speaks one through no word Of who this lies there land strength Within a his days isGray color a restful lately But through turbulence, won but, presence; beauty's at evensong,

brilliant pall Of momentsWhen stills that unquiet peace minds, A heaven, a very Makes home he knowsApart other, from any all sense. beauty can awesome An not how.

all,Encompassing them in have discovered beauty wrapped We pain For the gray beyond veiled sorrow's with measureless twilight And its violetKnows own, TEACHER MY despair.

lies indigo hiddenAnd is love's Beauty remembrance, we know, Opal grayWithin Tanner monotone. that love though words long By spoke And

ago, her eyes brown gentle you will find soul Tn surelyThe knows, in stays dwells quietness; Their beauty and * night, grays withAs shadow wisdom The their the hear is low, music sun when We is blueThat the ages. early gray dawn flood colors the sky, Of rainbow evening And

Silver bright. is gray voice is but Her grown a whisper, silent the in loveliness. world Holding

And, when the purpose of this life is done, Gentle as the evening breeze.

Shall not the soul adventure wider She had shown me new horizons.

wide Opened BEGINNING "IN THE spheres, WAS THE the For world, me that has but Finding beauty WORD begun now

Started upon me a new path; all the the face hid through years? show To

it Jones Gabbott leads By Mabel Where

I do not know.

T sought guide one word to my heart that I could have Would her hand * this life, crystallized perfect That guiding, Gently deftly steering

To temper happiness, to chart As I stumble here and there.

The buffetings of toil and strife. For the path is steep

And rocky, Could it be majesty or power, And I fear that I shall falter

Or friendliness or sympathy, Long before I reach the top.

Or courage equal to the hour, Compassionate divinity?

"In the beginning was the Word"... WINTER THE GOAD

I read the record; heaven above

Had known that Jesus would be heard By Katherine Fernelius Larsen

And symbolized by one word, "Love."

'T'errible, the beauty that lies in frost -* Sparkle—snow whiteness; Death

POETIC HOMEWORK Grippinglost the throat of Life; yet beauty not

By Thelma Ireland In the wild lovely order of the world. I say

- that breath, I would like to write a poem That life quickens the more for just that * But I'm busy; muse is mute, sting:

So I'll make a housewife's poem That all grows lovelier from the lash still

Out of pie dough and some fruit.—Photograph by Keystone View Co. quivering.

92 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA X 'j -&**Or*s&**Or> '

% d<a [ resident Ljaorae bribed Swilth

. <!3iBS8!&* i - *

PERPETUATING LIBERTY

E have come again to the And as pertaining to law of man, whatsoever month whichW,marks the birth of two of is more or less than this cometh of evil.

America's great patriots. We are fortunate (D. & C. 98:4-7.)

in having our freedom, and it is deeply In other words, if we fail to sustain the gratifying to me to have the conviction that constitutional law of the land we have transour Heavenly Father is interested in us, and gressed the will of our Heavenly Father.

in our government, and has been since the beginning. I, the Lord God, make you free, therefore ye

. Man is affected by good and evil influarefree. free indeed; and the law also maketh you

ences, and there are in the world two powers Nevertheless, when the wicked rule the peothat tend in opposite directions. Surely we ple mourn.

would not wish to depart from the advice Wherefore, honest men and wise men should and counsel of our Heavenly Father, and be sought for diligently, and good men and wise follow those philosophies that would lead us men ye should observe to uphold; otherwise

to destruction. whatsoever is less than these cometh of evil.

Knowing that the Lord prepared this land {Ibid., 8-10.)

it liberty for those of that haven might be a is the Constitution of our country When that he here, understanding dwell and who assailed, those openly or subtly, by who have conditions those of a continuation desires no understanding of the purpose of God rethat the builders of this republic contended for, we who are members of his Church garding this great country, it behooves those who do understand to consider seriously and ought, in every possible way, to assist in faithfully the benefits that will flow to us by perpetuating that liberty.

More than a century ago this word came honoring and sustaining the principles of government that were divinely established.

to this people from our Father in heaven: We are a peculiar people in many ways,

And now, verily I say unto you concerning and in this particularly are we peculiar, in the laws of the land, it is my will that my people that we believe that the Constitution of the should observe to do all things whatsoever I United States was inspired by our Heavenly command them. Father, and he has told us that he raised up

is constituthe land which that law of And the very men who in of principle that freedom tional, supporting 1 the Constitution framed to all privileges, belongs rights and maintaining 1 I {Concluded on following page) mankind, and is justifiable before me. of the United States.

Therefore, I, the Lord, justify you, and your Knowing that, we | brethren of my church, in befriending that law should not be led astray which is the constitutional law of the land; by the fallacies of individuals who would

'cf-0,y''-0-C-'-J09 FEBRUARY 1950 93 THE EDITOR'S PAGE {Concluded from preceding page) the franchise that we are blessed with should undermine that which our Heavenly Father be exercised in the interest of orderly govhas prepared for the people of this land. ernment and in the interest of the perpetuaIn a very early day in the Church our tion of a system of laws that shall continue

people promulgated these principles with to bring peace and freedom to all.

reference to the law of the land and the This nation was established under divine purpose of government. The statement of guidance, as part of our Father's plan wherethese principles is preserved in Section 134 by men may enjoy freedom, and where all

of the Doctrine and Covenants and is worthy faiths and beliefs and doctrines may enjoy of our reading and rereading. liberty and be amenable to the law of the

There is only one way whereby we may land; and where no group of individuals

enjoy peace and happiness, and that is by may array themselves against the rights and observing the law of our land, and by susprivileges of their fellows.

taining the principles embodied in the ConThe Lord himself said:

stitution which was inspired by our Heavenly

Father at the inception of this great govern-... for this purpose have I established the

ment. So, as Latterday Saints, we may Constitution of this land, by the hands of wise

know that no man is a faithful member of men whom I raised up unto this very purpose, this Church who lends himself in any way and redeemed the land by the shedding of blood.

to break down that organized system of laws {Ibid., 101:80.)

that has been prepared for the good of all mankind. I say to you: Sustain the Constitution of

The Lord directs that we seek after good the United States, and let not our voices be men and great men, and that we pray for heard among those that deride or would and sustain them, in order that the laws that violate the Constitution that is so important are enacted for our government may be such as he would be pleased to indorse. for us and for all men.

When we choose those who will enact and I am grateful to my Heavenly Father for enforce the laws of the nation and the states, his advice to us that we support the Constiwe have the word of our Heavenly Father tution of the United States and maintain the that we should select men of honor, and that liberty that we enjoy under it.

l/l/nence vame the TEMPLE ENDOWMENT?

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVEBtf JoL 4. Wikdoe

CXLII To this end the Kirtland Temple was hurried was inevitable that those who have sought to to completion in 1836, though amidst much toil

It destroy the truth of the Prophet Joseph Smith's and sacrifice. Then, at the dedication, some

message would misinterpret the temple endowordinances were given preparatory to the fuller ment. They have set up the theory that Joseph endowment to come. There was nothing new

Smith merely adapted the temple conception and about temple work when it came in its greater ritual from the rituals of fraternal, secret organizacompleteness. It was expected.

tions. Second, on January 19, 1841, when Joseph

The charge that the temple endowment is so Smith had not yet belonged to a fraternal organizaderived is not confirmed by the evidence at hand. tion, he recorded a revelation which explains in

First, almost from the organization of the general outline the temple ritual. It says:

Church, Joseph promised the people a higher en- "For there is not a place found on earth that dowment, a continuation of that received in baphe may come to and restore again that which was tism. It was to be a gift bestowed upon those lost unto you, or which he hath taken away, even

who had attained a greater maturity in gospel life. the fulness of the priesthood..,.

94 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "Therefore, verily I say unto you, that your belong to the common heritage of mankind.

anointings, and your washings, and your baptisms Joseph Smith had the right to employ such comfor the dead, and your solemn assemblies, and monly used methods and symbols without being your memorials for your sacrifices by the sons charged with plagiarizing from any particular of Levi, and for your oracles in your most holy group. The Prophet taught baptism by immersion;

places wherein you receive but none so far has held conversations, and your -* that he purloined that type for statutes and judgments, baptism the from Bapthe beginning of the revetists. Immersion comes

lations of E VIDENCES AND of foundation and the ages the down from

Zion, and for the glory, days of Jesus Christ and honor, and endowment of RECONCILIA TIONS before. The beginnings of

all her municipals, are or- -$- such practices are lost in dained by the ordinance the mists of antiquity.

of my holy house, which my people are always The temple ritual is essentially symbolic. Its

commanded to build unto my holy name..,. ordinances are not only ancient but also represent

"For I deign to reveal unto my church things profound truths. They may be widely used by

which have been kept hid from before the foundaothers than Latterday Saints, but they do not have the same meaning in all organizations. tion of the world, things that pertain to the disFifth, women as well as men receive the temple pensation of the fulness of times.

"And I will show unto my servant Joseph all receiveritual. Onlythe highesta man andblessingsa womanof togetherthe temple.can

priestthis to house, pertaining and the things Usually, perhaps always, only receive the men it shall place the whereon thereof, and hood be rituals the of many societies. secret manmade 1 The pulpit the announced Prophet the built."From form auxiliary women organizations.

the the of and temple building the thenceforth Sixth, there is a great difference between the the living the for therein and done to be work objective of temple work and those of the many dead. secret organizations, though they no doubt have

On May 4, 1842, he administered the temple high ideals of living.

endowment in rooms in the upper story2 of his In the temple endowment the final ideal is that brick store, improvised for the purpose. All the by obedience to God's law man may be in aswhile, before and after, he gave instructions consociation with God. The endowment has the

cerning the temple to be built and the endowment promise of eternal growth, of endless blessings.

therein to be given. This is not the ordinary objective of a manmade

Third, many of the men who joined the secret society.

Church were brethren in fraterSeventh, finally it may be said that the temple nal circles, such as Hyrum Smith, endowment is not secret. All who meet the

the Prophet's brother, Heber C. requirements for entrance to the temple may

Kimball, Newel K. Whitney, enjoy it. Since it is sacred, it is not bandied

George Miller, Austin Cowjes, John about the streets or in gossiping parlors. It is,

Smith, Elijah Fordham, aria others. in outline: the story of man's eternal journey;

Nowhere can a word be found from instructions to make the endless journey inthese many men indicating that creasing and progressive; covenants that we will

they placed temple work in a class so live asas toto makemaKe thecne journeyjourney anan upward with the ritual of the fraternal orders one; a warning that sometime we shall be called

upon to show whether we have kept our covenants; and, the great

Arn fn,5wer to the (ajueltiond or Lyoum reward that comes to the faithful and the righteous.

to which they belonged. Had there Every member of another organization will

been such, some of these men would know whether this is like his fraternity ritual.

have mentioned it, for not all reMany members of secret societies have joined mained true to the Church. the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Fourth, that there are similarities They have been faithful to their covenants. But

in the services of the temple and as they have come to the temple of the Lord, they some secret organizations may be have said, in the words of one former member, true. These similarities, however, "Secret societies have nothing to teach the Latterdo not deal with basic matters but day Saints,"

rather with the mechanism of the Carefully and intelligently studied, the proposiritual. Moreover, they are not pecultion that the Mormon endowment was built

iar to any fraternity. They are used upon secret fraternal rituals cannot be accepted

and have been used by people by any thoughtful person.

throughout the centuries. They Joseph Smith received the temple endowment

and its ritual, as all else that he promulgated, by ID. & C. 124:28, 39, 4142

2History o[ the Church, Volume 5:1 revelation from God.

FEBRUARY 1950 95 THE UNIVERSITY OF

INSTITUTION PAH:

Daniel Tyler, in his History of and icebound camps. "After days

the Mormon Battalion, tells of fatigue, their nights were often about a book that was extenspent in restless efforts to save sively read by the pioneers while themselves from freezing."One of

LEVI EDGAR YOUNG in their camps in Iowa during the the company had a book entitled winter of 1846. The people had Elizabeth, or the Exiles of Siberia,

EDITOR'S NOTE crossed the Mississippi River on by Marie (Sophie) Cottin, pubat the of their beginning the ice last forty years ago was Januin lished 1805. a popular It wasIT

to the President Far that had Levi and 23, exodus ary West, Edthat story in so sought day and was set as a apartgar Young memwas their in midwinter. march begun

it First after that of the the of the Councilber read from some intense, "they cold and was of the Church.Seventy had The He

the teeth wagons by moonlight. With all "in sustained Tyler, the during October saysbeen moved,"

1909 conference, and Elder John of keenedged northwest winds, their suffering, "the people sang of of the Council SmithHenry the such as sweep down the Iowa their songs of Zion as they sat apart York, set himTwelve in New where President Young was followpeninsula from the icebound regions around the fires and passed along ing academic pursuits. President of the North."Nine children were doxologies from front to rear when

already accomplished hadYoung his life as teachermuch in in Utah born the first night in the snow the breath froze on their eyelashes."

and missionary for the Church, going to Europe in 1901 as a missionary, and presiding over the Swiss Austrian Mission from 190204.

As a student among students, he rose as a faculty member of the

University of Utah, serving for many years as professor and head of the department of western history. More

recently he presided over the New

England States Mission. He became senior president of the First

Council of the Seventy on the death of President Rulon S. Wells in

May 1941.

President Young celebrates his seventy-sixth birthday on February 2.

THE JOHN ft. PARK MEMORIAL BUILDING ON THE

PRESENT UNIVERSITY CAMPUS

THE CAMPUS

OF THE UNIVERSITY OF UTAH FROM THE AIR

CHANCELLOR

ORSON SPENCER TThe pioneers of Utah were readers of books... and the library

of their fledgling university was possibly the finest ever collected in pioneer America.

Jhat \jmw worn the rdeatd

of me leoplee The pioneers of Utah were readers of books. Many of them

had received some kind of training By LEVI EDGAR YOUNG in the frontier schools of America. OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY

Orson Pratt was a college graduate, as was Orson Spencer. Dr. Willard

Richards had his medical degree from a noted university; and nearly

every family who crossed the plains THE COUNCIL HOUSE—HOME OF THE UNIcarried the Holy Bible, which reVERSITY IN 1851 AND FROM 1856 TO 1876

calls the great saying of John

Ruskin, "He who reads the Bible becomes an educated man."As

the people began to build their:-::'vy:-':::::i::i::';: '': ':::!:::;;;::ri:

homes, they also built meetinghouses where the schools of the villages and towns might be housed.

Every child of Utah knows the THE HUMBLE BEGINNING, AS SKETCHED BY 1,1 4* > story of Mary Jane Dilworth MAHONRI M. YOUNG; '

how she opened a school in the. Wxr 1 f I

in 1847. Fort October The Old

it Section the ordained I: Be Gen- i * by

in I shaped pupils an old tent, met cif"1 eral Deseret: State of of the Assembly

there like Indian and wigwam, an instituted a University is hereby That until the children Salt..,''-: iMf located the at Great and incorporated, taught she

winter snows came. Even when Lake City, by the name and title of the MAIN BUILDING OF THE UNIVERSITY OF

it was very cold, the little children University of the State of Deseret. DESERET

came to her and huddled in the Section II. The powers of the Univertent, while outside at the entrance sity shall be vested in a Chancellor and City, November 11, 1850. The

for fire up, the burning kept a the of Regents, was which number Twelve Deseret News of November 16, shall regents increased be necessary, when very sagebrush warm. was Whensays: the joint be of chosen vote by who shall Saints of Latterday ever a group

of the General Assembly, and Houses valleys into the both went their office north bothshall for the of four hold term school parent on Moncommenced The schools Salt of Lake City, and south until qualitheir years, successors are and last home, under Pack's at Mr. day

were always opened, and good fied. tuition of Mr. Collins. The object of thethe

teachers put in charge of them. parent school is to qualify teachers for

Soon after the organization of Section III: The Chancellor shall be the District or Ward schools, and then for

the provisional government of the theversity,chiefandExecutiveChairmanofficerof theof Boardthe Uniof asible,higherthatorderthereof mayschools,be aasuniformityfast as posin

State of Deseret, in 1850, Governor Regents. the method of teaching throughout Deseret.

Brigham Young signed an act, We understand that the parent school alpassed by the first legislative asready commenced is designed for gentleas a be as soon room can and that sembly, incorporating the UniverThe University of Deseret, or men, in school, similar another prepared, sity of the State of Deseret. This the "parent school"was opened in object and characters will be instituted forits

was February 28, 1850, and reads the home of John Pack in the ladies.

in part: Seventeenth Ward of Salt Lake (Continued on following page)

[reiidenti or the Mniverdltu DAVID O. CALDER JOHN R. PARK JOSEPH C. KINGSBURY JAMES E. TALMAGE JOHN A. WIDTSOE GEORGE THOMAS LE ROY E. COWLES A. RAY OLPIN

UNIVERSITY days was a sign full of promise, and is a striking proof of the govOF UTAH W. W. RITER, erning spirit and genius of BrigOF THE CHAIRMAN

(Continued from preceding page) REham Young. The concept of a BOARD OF

We recommend every man who has any GENTS IN 1919, college of art, science, and literadesign ever to keep a school, to enter WHEN THE MAGture was realized when the uniPARKthe school, his NIFICENT parent prosecute and built the hill east of versity on was

BUILDING WAS instudies such as to prepare a manner in 1890. City, Salt Lake DEDICATED for his labors; intendedhim should and

there not be enough to occupy all the In November 1867, the univerroom, let the young men, middle aged, sity was reopened with David O.

old men, and all men, married or unCalder as principal. In February

married, who do not know too much to 1868, Mr. Calder resigned, and

taught,be as speedily forward come as Dr. John R. Park was called from

fillpossible the house, and keep the teacher busy, and give him a chance to Draper, Utah, to become the presiearn his money. Mr. Collins appears to picked out a site immediately east dent of the institution. The school

be well qualified to instruct in any branch of Salt Lake City for the location was organized on a new and more science,of to taught be needs which in of the university. A short time extensive basis with the announceisthe parent school, familiar in very and

his communications, and affable in manafter, the city council of Salt Lake ment of five courses of study:

ners, and we confidently anticipate he will passed an ordinance designating the preparatory, commercial, normal, be enabled to give great satisfaction to his east bench as grazing ground, scientific, and classical.

patrons. Mr. Collins and pupils have our particularly to be used by those who Dr. Park made a careful study

best wishes.

worked on the wall that was to of the times in which he lived and first adapted the university courses to In the same issue, the News ansurround the new campus. The

nounced the arrival of schoolbooks, report of the regents says that the real needs of the people. Yet

which were brought across the the territorial treasury had given he never forgot that education is plains by Wilford Woodruff. The $4,589.14 for the university and for the spiritualizing of people, and

Pack house was situated on the corprimary schools, and from subscripnot primarily for the mere purpose ner of West Temple and First tions and donations the amount had of solving the material problems of

North immediately east of the been increased by the winter of life. An advocate of the "humanipresent Seventeenth Ward chapel. 1851 to $7,948.08.

The legislature, with the approval of the governor, appointed the following regents: Daniel Spencer,

Orson Pratt, John M. Bernhisel,

Samuel W. Richards, W. W.

Phelps, Albert Carrington, William

I. Appleby, Daniel H. Wells, Hosea

Stout, Robert L. Campbell, Elias

Smith, and Zerubbabel Snow. At

a subsequent meeting, Governor

Young announced that he had

O. H. RIGGS HEINRICH VON SCHMIDTWARTENBERG

THREE TEACHERS WHO PLAYED IMPORTANT

ROLES IN THE EDUCATIONAL ACTIVITIES

OF THE STATE

ties,"he always printed in the university catalogues courses of

ORSON PRATT studies that tended to keep before

FIRST ANNUAL CATALOGUE I The second term of the Univerthethe classicalstudents languages.the spirit of historyIn the thirdand

sity or Parent School began Monannual catalog, printed in 187071, the following have courses of for the classical course. Sflims mi $ir&mU day,per roomFebruaryof the 17,State1851,House,in theafterup- westudy

wards known as the Council House.

Orson Spencer, the chancellor, and CLASSICAL STUDIES

UNIVERSITY OF DESERET. Regent W. W. Phelps were the instructors. The school had forty Freshman Year

/C/tppM|C/i!- Y,Aj* nS6*-9. students. The following October, First Term—Cicero (Orations), Latin

the school was removed to the Prose Composition, Xenophon's Anabasis,

Thirteenth Ward schoolhouse. At Greek Prose Composition, Higher Algethe close of the fourth term, in bra completed, Natural Philosophy.

1852, the university was disconSecond Term—Virgil's Aeneid, Latin

Prose Composition, Xenophon's Anabasis, tinued. The zeal for the building Greek Prose Composition, Cubic and Biof a university in those pioneer (Continued on page 152)

98 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Gathering Material IV For Your canYourbelocalgivenlibrarianonly inwillpartbe here.able

"Rinding material for a speech is to give you great aid. A table of

sometimes difficult, even though contents will tell you if your subis treated extensively in a book;we can draw from all of our own Speech ject

experiences and those of our asthe index will refer you to more sociates as well as from the world specific detail. And do not be disof experiences that have been recouraged if you cannot find yourcorded in print. With such vast &li topic listed as you feel it should be.

of supply sources can greatly we <=Loui5e cJLlnton Sawmon Explorestance, inallthepossibilities;Book of Mormonfor insimplify making our our task by

search systematic. "Paradise"is indexed under such

Begin by taking an inventory of titles as "Alma,""Hell,""Parathe knowledge you already have. dise,"and "Resurrection."

Think through your own ideas. Jot Obviously, gathering material for

down your opinions and experiences a speech is a timeconsuming task.

that are related to your subject. If However, you can save yourself

you take time to discover what you many hours of work if you make it really think, believe, and know of a constant thing rather than a job your subject, you will find that you that you do a day or two before have much more pertinent informayour speech.

tion than you had dreamed. WritMost speakers keep a file on the

ing down your thoughts will not topics in which they are interested.

only clarify them but will also help *K* Perhaps you have six or eight genyou to recall them easily when you eral subjects on which you would are later actually planning your enjoy speaking. If so, write these

speech. subjects down, and always be on

talking stance, if the are about you the lookout for information on them.

city that the to purify uses Such introspection will, however, process this incareful a record of Keep in of areveal your gaps number its talk water, can more you much like to formation. people Some that will findknowledge. some You if visited the convincingly have you

looseleaf a they notebook; use can in toofacts are your vague memory if purification plant than have you

it with carry they wherever them listeners; for into to present your the process. merely read about

filing cards; prefer go. they Others if isstance, subject the your Word contacts personal have When easily these index can can and more recall thatof you Wisdom, may exhausted, been however, you

file. Still like larger others build a is of spent amount absurdan money to fortunately printed the can go

folders; folder a manila they have cigarettes annually, but you'veon billions for help. the In of page

subject, for they each and when the thereforgotten or exact amount that printed are year, each words find clipping note, a or a they makewill subject of phases about be your find information almost can you on it in folder. the drop merely But little. Perwhich very you know subject. here problem any The

is folused, the system is whatever the nothing abouthaps you know that to twofold: sure make how will helpful: lowing suggestions be alcohol the reaction ofchemical on is qualified to as the write author

feelbody, should and you you does inhe which to know and how side of only the on paper of 1. Write one this in point speech.clude your millions of the books magaand or put note card only one and on a

fill is step to these thenYour next the page. Otherwise notes become zines contain the need. data you

gaps either by reading or by talkThe only solution to the first hard to file and use.

ing to qualified authorities. problem is to read thoughtfully; for 2. Be sure to copy a quotation exactly

to it accurately. summarize You Conversation

to be confident want of your informainformation to you—ifwill oftenyou yieldare carerich instance,would be onea betterman writessenatorthatthanMr.Mr.X or tion.

ful to evaluate the qualifications of Y. Another writes that Mr. Y 3. Make a careful note of the source of

the persons with whom you conwould be the better senator. Which your information. If you got it in

verse; for instance, if you know an judgment shall you accept? It is conversation, write the date and name

the person with spoke. you whom doctor,excellent can probably he to the of merely accept not enough

If the got information you a fromexplain clearly simply and the with opinion to you opinion that agrees book, the write author, of the name the chemical reaction of alcohol on you happen to hold. You can find the title of the book, the date and

the body. On the other hand, an truth only if you courageously and place it was published, and the page

untrained person is likely to give with an open mind look at the number; if from a magazine, write

you only misleading information. qualifications of both writers and thethe articlename ofandtheof author,the magazine,the title theof

There is a personal quality to weigh their opinions carefully. date and volume of the magazine,

ideas gained through conversation The solution to the second proband the page number.

that is hard to duplicate; for inlem, locating the material you need, {Concluded on page 139)

FEBRUARY 1950 99 Lyrdon y. l/wkltnei

strikingly a symbol for poetic inspiration than is the Spirit of the eternal God the very muse that has inspired all true poetry POET that was ever written. 2

5u /famed (L>. J4&dpet*

"Touring the years 18701874 at the

University of Deseret, now the

University of Utah, Orson F. Whitearly poems are distinguished by

ney and a few friends organized the their religious fervor, sincerity, and

Wasatch Literary Association. He conversational tone. They contain,

was its first and, four years later, its generally, richer imagery than his last president. He was then belater works, though they are, comcoming recognized for his poetry, pared to his later Elias, mere fragwrit- then he contemplated and even ments. second, epic period, or The ORSON the explaining F. WHITNEY ing an epic poem is one in Elder which beWhitney 18551931

philosophy and doctrine of Morcame widely recognized for his monism. However, it was not until genius. The third and final period,

Among those early residents of Salt 1904 that his ambition was realized. in the light of the Church, is his

there Lake Valley, was epic, published Etias, then one, His was greatest. ordained an was He Ferguson L Orson Whitney, who limited luxe, edition de in an 9, to one Apostle, April 1906, when he was

maintained "that a people cannot hundred and fifty copies. Later a fiftyone. It was then he became

perish as long as its literature lives."less pretentious edition was subrenowned for his letters and proThroughout his life he pursued the scribed for by his friends. phetic counsel.

fine arts for expression found and this time to been Previous he had friends Elder Whitney's rememhis exclusively writing almost own lyrical religious of writing a poems it his for the solace poetry ber gave the ofthrough poetry media and nature. these doubt gave poems No critics, to them. His have many whopoetic prose. readavid an was He of write to the impetus a poem him him, profundipraise the seen never the scriptureer only but the not of Elias. of the character scope and little of the Elias, ty of knowing well, especiallyclassics of as Homer in poetprayed Elder had Whitney himself. author ideal analoMilton. Hisand was the for conviction strength ry and

is. the Epic Ages Elias-—An of Milton's. poetry to His wasgous in task. lines this to undertake His

the as states in the foreword author nature.didactic a religious and of Poet's Prayer"exemplify this "The his of book: the concerning eduphilosophyHis faith:

cation of the people shows definite An attempt to present, in verse form,

Miltonic influence. Elder Whitney God of my fathers! Friend of humankind! historically, doctrinally, and prophetically,

was constantly reminding his peoAlmighty molder of creative mind, the vast theme comprehended in what the ple, through the medium of his proThatShoweringsitt'st enthronedthy merciesalofton thefromsonsmortalof men!ken, world terms "Mormonism."

found verse, what Milton had earlier

In the "Argument,"he briefly destated: It was this God to whom he fines his purpose as follows:

The end, then, of learning is to repair prayed within his lines; this is the

the ruins of our first parents by regaining God from whom he would seek inThe aim of this poem is to point out to know God aright, and out of that knowlspiration to write an epic. He felt those manifestations of the Divine Mind

enterthose impulsions from and human like him, as him, to to love beedge we may with that him had endowed prise in all contributed which have ages souls of possessing our nearest thebe by poet, sensibility of the a mind—theif God of the the to progress race perfectoward united the to virtue, beingtrue which

4 otherwise he would be one, he would tion. the faith, of grace makesheavenly up

highest perfection. 1 fail. In one of his acclaimed critical

essays, he stated: At the time Orson F. Whitney

The purpose of writing, then, as started this poem, he was ill. He

Elder Whitney saw it, is to draw Education cannot make a good poet; prayed in all humility that he might

man close to God; more exactly, the though it may polish and develop one. The live to realize his ambitions, the

[of and, is the child of nature God], greatest being the creation of Elias,purpose of poetry is to give man the poet "is says, not old proverb born as the key to the symbolism of the unimade."8 for he desired more than anything

verse. else in the world to continue his

In his essay on Poets and Poetry, (}rson F. Whitney's literary life ministry as a teacher after his mortal

Orson F. Whitney stated: falls very naturally into three tongue was stilled. He recovered

There are many who think there is no divisions. The first, an early poetic from his illness and was inspired to

poetry in religion. Such I fear, do not know period, is marked principally by his write this epic and perform many

religion means. or means, material deeds before his poetry what goodwhat satire. short lyrics an occasional and

is full of and poetry poetryReligion death. in 1889. His published is These were... fire religion. that fabledfull of The

Whitney, Etias, An Epic of the Ages. Salt LakePrometheus filched from heaven is not more F. Whitney, 2Orson 1914, ix Poetical Writings of. Salt City,

City, 1899, Lake pp. 165166

iTohn Milton, Of Education Vbid.. 159 (Continued on page 148)

100 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Water Under 3L Bridge

the lane leading to stood in the it & at Wliton 1Uannf moments.They ateHowin silencesoon, Gigfor thought.a few looked HeGigfarmhouse.

hungrily, letting the feel of it How soon before the questions start, soak into his heart. before morbid curiosity overcomes

returning been hunting and duck restraint?

it he'd place There was—the fall limit. the Cool, with the little talk wasdays—how during was There place years. for three of Thedreamed Life been! they'd been had good milk the that meal. remarked Mary if he'd timeshe'd wondered many like fried then. Luxuries easy off, the but fallen eggs production had again. seeever Home! for granted. taken had been this for time laying good hens were

He flung his halffilled barracks bag He remembered how Joe had of year.

lung in a deep ground, the drewon that at breakat morning him scowled his back pushed finished and Joe air, sat crisp,full autumn and of the said he'd he forth. was going fast when lazily teetering back and after chair,

down a moment to brace himself for ducks. Joe was teetering back in his "Well, Gig,"his voice sounded loud

the ordeal ahead. chair. "Duck huntin', eh?"he'd in Gig's ears, "your workin'clothes

Three years ago he had left that growled, "Wish I had time for such are waitin'for you. Been a hard

house with a feeling of dread, but as that. Somebody's got to dig those haul without you. Seems to me,"he

a different kind of dread. Then beets. Guess I'm the goat."added, "you could'a stayed home

he'd been headed for the unknown, Gig had known that he didn't mean where you'd'a done some good.

but now.... Stead'a gallivantin

Smoke was driftall over the couning lazily from the try."

chimney. A peaceGig looked fixedful, American ly at his plate, not

scene. trusting himself to

The little farmspeak. What a fool

house in Germany he'd been! Of

had looked peacecourse his brother ful too. Until sudwould know nothdenly everything ing of psychosis,

had blown up. It battle fatigue, or

had happened so shattered, raw fast that they hadn't nerves. He read

had a chance. They very little, and in

had been sitting this peaceful, rural there eating, of all section, the war had things, fried eggs. probably seemed

It was a different unreal; a nightmare

kind of egg that had -Illustration by William M, Johnson in another world.

blown him across He looked up, the the room, where minutes or hours anything. He just liked to grumble. tightness around his mouth relaxing as

later, he didn't know which, he'd A pang of homesickness hit him. It he watched Joe picking his teeth unlooked with listless eyes at the would be heaven to hear Joe grumble concernedly.

mangled bodies of his buddies. He'd again. Panic shook him. What if "Well, anyhow, you're here now."

case? psychosisseen too that of as a treated him in the past they much mornin'five in the "It's grumbled, just Joe that.three years. take couldn't He He catch to Lotta work for you, my lad. people things, forget couldn't. those ever Do

he wondered. Could a man take up He approached the house, and up on."

where he had left off before the war? leaned against the jamb a moment beGig grinned. "Oh, yeah? Looks

He remembered a letter his brother fore opening the door. like good duck weather to me. Might

Joe had sent him while he was conMary was setting the table. The be I'll go over to Beck's pond in the

valescing in a hospital in France. smell of food... the warm kitchen mornin'."

letter for him, surprised had The... it last. all, just seen as he had chair, in his eyeteetered back Joe

letter in things that written hadJoe laid the chair, Ain't his rose shrewdly. from ing "Humph! him Joe

felt.he'd imagined Deep, never Joe graspcarefully, before paper bit, down Well, someya? have changed a that things,understanding helped had

grip. in crushing ing a Gig's hand He beets. Guess dig those to got body's long, face the months.him weary

into the man's younger deeply looked goat."the I'm all past. that But was was now, He here! In look eyes. who's "Well,

it home, now? was long Would been had Gig Later whenhome—or I see."supper, for time

here, just or tohe them be would Gig at thoughtfully looked asleep, Joe smiled nodded. and They Mary rebattle-torn the case mentalhe be lot, through a boy's been "The Mary. famdemonstrative a been never had treated toturning the wars, from be leg only havin'one but him Mary,

fly. gloves, to kid be and coddledwith if help."any, handicap him won't we

for conversation the carried Joehumored?

familiar Mary pressed his arm softly, nodHe shook off this mood, and the next few minutes—idle,

shouldering his bag, started slowly up talk, new methods and ideas Joe had ding her head so he wouldn't notice the lane. He remembered four years for the improvement of the farm. the shine in her eye was suddenly

ago, about this time of year. He'd Mary said finally, "Supper's on."blotted with tears.

FEBRUARY 1950 101 PART II THEoncecompilergreatly ofpuzzledthis articleand perwas turbed over the complete absence EH1 in the ESERT of Baal names in the Book of Mormon. By what unfortunate oversight

had the authors of that work failed to include a single name containing u the element Baal, which thrives among the personal names of the It is very significant indeed, but erary device that is highly charac62 hardly more so than the uncanny teristic of Egyptian compositions.Old Testament? Having discovered,

is the famous BremerRhind as we thought, that the book was in acumen which the Book of Mormon Typical this a point. with Papyrus, which opens displays on

criticism at the error, spared no we date, the disgression containing ( 1 ) short colophon close our us Let its time, neglect indeed had and author, the quotation from of Nasim, a with names on ( 2 ) the titles strikingly not of been names Baal vindicated in recent years it would Margoliouth. Speaking of the oc- (3) the names of his parents and

virtues, their in of praise in a of names a few Arabic currence word it. against a blackbe mark Now

his father's special authority of that with mention the Old Testament, that of learn the Book Mormonwe )... ( calling, a that the prophetic curse "Considering 4 against prejudice Baal observes,stubborn

names is really the only correct attirecorded names are those of an inagainst anyone who might "take tude it could have taken, and this finitesimal fraction of the populaaway"the book, probably "due to discovery, flying in the face of all tion, the coincidence is extraordifear lest a sacred book should get our calculations and preconceptions, should in all fairness weigh at least TThere is ample evidence in the Book of Mormon as heavily in the book's favor as the that Lehi was an expert on caravans, as one would supposed error did against it.

It just so happens that for some expect.

reason or other the Jews, at the beginning of the sixth century B.C., nary."5S This consideration applies into impure hands."88 Compare this

would have nothing to do with with multiple force to the very frewith Nephi's colophon: (1) his

Baal names. An examination of quent coincidence of Book of Morname, (2) the merits of his parents,

Elephantine name lists shows that mon names with nonBiblical Old with special attention to the learn- "... the change of Baal names, by World names. ing of his father, ( 3 ) a solemn

substitution, is in agreement with There is much in Nephi's writing avowal (corresponding to Nasim's

Hosea's foretelling that they should to show that, as he claims, he is curse) that the record is true, and no more be used by the Israelites, writing in Egyptian-—not merely in the assertion, "I make it with mine

it interconsequently is mostand indispensable conan have as some Egyptian characters, own hand"—

latestesting the to find how dition true tells colophon, since of every us armaintained. 80 When Nephi

chaeological discoveries confirm the that his record and that of his the purpose of a colophon is to

Prophet, for out of some four hunfather are in the language of the establish the identity of the actual dred personal names among the Egyptians (not that the language of writerdown (not merely the ultinotElephantine Papyri of one is comhis Egyptian a text. 0i the of the language mate author) father was

... of Baalpounded close with regularly writings Egyptians), be sure he literary can we

Since Elephantine was settled means just that. And what could the formula "and so it is."'Nephi

largely by Jews who fled from Jerube more natural than that he should ends sections of his book with salem after its destruction, their choose to record his message, adthe phrase, "And thus it is, Amen."

personal names should show the dressed not only to the Jews but also The great preoccupation and consame tendencies as those in the "to all the house of Israel"(I Nephi cern displayed in the Book of MorBook of Mormon. Though the 19:19) and all the Gentiles {Ibid., mon for matters of writing, Lehi's

translator of the Book of Mormon 13:3940) in a world language passion for writing everything down

might by the exercise of superrather than in his own tribal He- (Ibid,, 1:16), and the obvious pride

human cunning have been warned brew?"1 Did not later Jews adopt of writers in their skill, are peculiarby Hosea 2:17 to eschew Baal Greek, an international world lanly Egyptian. Nephi's "I make it

names, yet the meaning of that guage, in preference to Hebrew, with mine own hand,"is simply the passage is so far front obvious that even as a vehicle of holy writ, for Egyptian "written with my own

Albright as late as 1942 finds it the purpose of commanding the fingers,"and we can almost hear "... very significant that seals and widest possible hearing not only Nephi speaking in the words of an

inscriptions from Judah, which... among the Gentiles but also among Egyptian sage: "Copy thy fathers

are very numerous in the seventh the Jews themselves? who have gone before thee....

and early sixth centuries, seem I Nephi, Behold, their words are recorded 68 The first three verses of never to contain any Baal names."sharply set off from the rest of the in writing. Open and read and

*Numbers refer to bibliography at end of article text, are a typical colophon, a lit—copy.... Certainly Nephi him102 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

were mystified to find that a demotic whence thou art sprung... the land

prophecy datable to the time of is utterly perished, and nought reBocchoris ( 718712 B.C.), in which mains... the earth is fallen into

coming destructions were predicted misery for the sake of yon food of

follow, into,, the was put of land. mouth... YetDm Mnak with the promise of a Messiah to the Bedouins who pervade the he looks forward PL 2). 70 ef "the hib). (pa Lamb"to Greek is to a saviorking come.'72 who ASSOCIATE PROFESSOR

HISTORY AND RELIGION sources inform us that this prophecy The situation is not unique but is

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY enjoyed very71 great circulation in a characteristic one both in Egypt self was diligent in keeping this ancient times. The strange wordand Judah, and no one could deny

seboyet.'It was the Egyptian, not ing of Lehi's great prophecy, utthat if Lehi was not a fact, he was

the Hebrew gentleman who advertered by "the Lamb"(Ibid., 13:34, at least a very authentic type. Nephi

tised his proficiency in the arts of 41 ) is thus seen to be no anachrosays his father was but one among the scribe. 07 Thoroughly Egyptian nism, taken from Hellenistic or many prophets in his own day.

also is Lehi's didactic spirit and his Christian times, as was once habit of giving long formal admaintained. Lehi and the Arabs

dresses on moral and religious subTypical of the Egyptian prophets jects "in the manner of the fathers"is one Neferrohu, whose prophecies, Lehi was very rich, and he was a to his sons. Like a good Egyptian though of uncertrader, for his

he wrote all this down, of course. tain date, were J-Jis family accuse Lehi of wealth was in the

The form of these discourses, with credited with great folly in leaving Jeruform of "all manantiquity. This set their introductions formal and

describes himsalem and do not spare his nerthings"of suchpreciousas right imagery"out man might have come of an Egyptian schoolroom, though self as a compersonal feelings in making had to be brought their content smacks more of the moner, but withal fun of his dreams and vifrom many places.

"learning of the Jews,"as Nephi a valiant man and sions, yet they never quesVery significant is himself observes. (Ibid., 1:2.) Both "a wealthy man of tion his ability to lead the casual notice

in form and content, however, the great possessions,"them. that he once had a

writings of the prophets and the and he is proud of vision in a desert wisdom of Israel are found to rehis skill as a scribe. Like Lehi in place "as he went forth"(Ibid.,

semble the prophetic and "wisdom"other things, he recalls also that he 1:5): as he went he prayed, we are

literature of Egypt very closely, "brooded much "over what should told, and as he prayed a vision came so that we need not be surprised come to pass in the land,"and havto him. The effect of the vision

if Lehi's prophecies do the same. At ing done so was moved to prophesy: was to make him hasten back "to

the end of the last century scholars "Up my heart, and bewail this land his own house at Jerusalem,"where he had yet greater visions, showing that it was not necessary for him MARKET SCENE IN JERUSALEM AS ONE MAY SEE IT TODAY to "go forth"either to pray or to have visions; he did not go forth

expecting a vision, but one came to him in the course of a regular journey as he went about his business and forced him to change his plans.

Lehi's precious things and gold came to him in exchange for his wine, oil, figs, and honey (of which he seems to know a good deal), not only by sea (hence the great importance of Sidon) but necessarily by caravan as well. There is ample

evidence in the Book of Mormon that Lehi was an expert on caravans, as one would expect. Consider a few general points before

we introduce particulars.

Upon receiving a warning dream,

Lehi is ready, apparently at a moment's notice, to take his whole "family, and provisions, and tents"out into the wilderness. While he

took absolutely nothing but the most necessary provisions with him -P, aph by Three Lions ( Ibid., 2:4), he knew exactly what

Twentysix hundred years ago the Jews felt themselves much closer to the people of the desert those provisions should be, and than they ever have since. They themselves were desert people originally, and they had not forgotten it. (Continued on following page)

FEBRUARY 1950 103 LEHI IN THE DESERT (Continued from preceding page) they never forgot it; for them the farthest out in the desert, came into

when he has to send back to the desert was always just next door, most frequent contact with the city to supply unanticipated wants, and there was a constant going and Arabs, intermarried with them most it was for records that he sent and coming between the two realms, 76 frequently, and at the same time had not for any necessaries for the especially in the days of great comthe closest of traditional bonds with journey. This argues a high demercial activity. 77 The Jews always Egypt. 83 And Lehi belonged to the

gree of preparation and knowledge felt a spiritual affinity with the tribe of Manasseh. (Alma 10:3.)

in the man, as does the masterly nomad which they never felt toThe prominence of the name of in established he a which inway settled cultivators of the of base wards the Book Mormon Ammon 78 in to order gather his forcescamp to Palestine. with the have something do may

for trek, great the in the best acthat fact Manasseh's was Ammon told that often been have Wecepted explorers manner of modern closest often fought neighbor and patriarchs the wandering were untilin Arabia. leaves Lehi deserts east her in the of Jordan; 7 'Up 79

that base camp, that is, until the day Bedouins; their language was that at the same time a prehistoric conpeople; of the desert of whose many receives the he Liahona,when he with the nection of Egypt Ammon

to this 84 are to day closer words to isseems all know just he where of the question. is not at out 80

going and exactly what he is doHebrew than to modern Arabic. The seminomadic nature of Manasing: there is here no talk of being seh might explain why Lehi seems

"led by the Spirit, not knowing beout of touch with things in Jeruforehand..."as in the case of salem. For the first time he "did

Nephi in the dark streets of Jerudiscover"from records kept in salem. (Ibid,, 4:7.) Laban's house that he was a direct

His family accuse Lehi of folly descendant of Joseph. Why hadn't

in leaving Jerusalem and do not he known that all along? Nephi

spare his personal feelings in makalways speaks of "the Jews at Jeruing fun of his dreams and visions, salem"with a curious detachment, yet they never question his ability and no one in I Nephi ever refers to lead them. They complain, like to them as "the people"or "our

all Arabs, against the terrible and people"but always quite impersondangerous deserts through which ally as "the Jews."It is interesting

they pass, but they do not include in this connection that the Elephanignorance of the desert among theii tine letters speak only of Jews and85 hazards, though that would be their Aramaeans, never of Israelites,

Letter 6 dewhile Lachish No. first last objection to his and wild

ostracon, This Elath (Tell elKheleifeh, found at for the prophet spreading nouncesproject the refineries were King Solomon's the site of nothing copper on the old man but a city Jew unacquainted with fourthGulf of century'Aqaba) B.C.in 1940,The datessecondfromlinethereadsfifth Ihyor defeatism both in the country and

the wild and dangerous world of the of'bid]the. name.. "Lhyare thethe sameservantas thoseof...in the"placenameThe letters in the city, showing that Lehi could

waste places. Lehi in Judges 15:9, 14, 19, and this object definitehave been active in either sphere.

(Prof. Lehi of the ly proves occurrence Glueck

that Lehi "dwelt the remark Even it as the Lahai) a personal name among Lehi himself never in facsimile times. a mentions vocalizesdesert (After people ancient in all Jerusalem his days"would i *:ie at illustrating article an by Nelson copy Glueckinexperience his obstacles. among

Members of the family laugh Bulletinsearch, No.of 80the (Dec.American1940),Schoolsp. 5, fig.of 2).Oriental Renever have been made by or for

contemptuously when Nephi propeople who had never lived anyposes to build a ship (Ibid., where else, and a dwelling "at

17:1720) and might well have Jerusalem"would be an aid rather88

quoted the ancient proverb, "Show Of recent years the tendency has than a hindrance to much travel.

an Arab the sea and a man of been more and more to equate HeThere is one clear indication that

Sidon the desert."74 But while they brew and Arab, and Guillaume conLehi's forefathers were not natives

tell him he is "lacking in judgment"cludes the latest study on the subof Jerusalem. We learn in Mosiah

to build a ship, they never mock ject with the dictum that the two 1:4 that certain plates were written

their brother as a hunter or a dude words are really forms of the same "in the language of the Egyptians."

us informs Nephi 3:19) (I Nephi originally to referring bothin fact that the desert. he name, The

that these plates "the were in same of "the sons Eber."81 The name a fine steel withbrought him bow

[torn home and that he knew well Arab is not meant to designate any language of our fathers,"and that how to use that difficult weapon particular race, tribe, or nation but the possession of them was necesshows that Nephi had hunted much a way of life: Arab means simply sary if a knowledge of that lanin his short life. a man of the desert and was applied guage was to be preserved among

Lehi has strong ties with the by the Jews to their own cousins his people. Lehi's children could

desert in his family background. who remained behind in the wilderhave produced from their own rein of sources books any number after ness they themselves hadTwentysix hundred years ago the that language, so their own when settled in the city and coundown

closer toJews felt themselves much his belief that expresses withNephi try.

the people of the desert than they out that one volume of plates a 75 since.ever have tribes themselves all the of Israel They Now of ancient language will be lost—the desert originally, peoplewere lived and Manasseh was which the one {Continued 155) on page

104 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA: Toe c/ wor? Thr-:'ik&Ifr

sharply in and took the inside track....

1 '.,'v''..v,/

;; "?','-*-''A-* '?';.''.'''...'..'';/r; '.':.-:,'. V* '.>;;>;-.v-.-S'.;*-.r *'.K.:.vr, i-"--.-#J#

irrlo;flje pond to join the game

of]5'6pLppqm.p-pullaway that was

g:Qifi;g;-"on. Here he was on his

>j.d;-'f'X<y:,-&**?'\..r*."eWff.Tahd the rest of the players

had to accept him as an object to chased,'Cwhen he came dashinq through them.

Jxt&: Brownj one of the boys at

the rTr'vatched Verne go.

.,,:J'Sqme skates he's got,"he said,

a ( slight, note of envy creeping into his voice. He looked down at his

own, an oldfashioned pair that clamped to his shoes.

'Yeah,"Tad Nelson said, "his W// &Mt1 "ited gets him anything he wants.

Nothin'but the best, either."

"Soft,"Joe said. "Wish I had

'em, and he had another pair just like 'em.""Bet you could get 'em, Joe,"Terry Lane spoke up.

"Yeah? How?"

"Pal around with him,"Terry said. "He gave Bert a keen tennis

racket just because Bert played with him, and his racket was worn KATES

BY out.

ALVIN J. 'Yeah, sure,"Joe said, "but who

SCHOW wants that? First thing you know

he'd be buying his way in with all of us, and then he'd want to run silent, satisfied to pick up the quiet things to suit himself. Nobody's Verne Amos slid to a stop at the

edge of the ice pond and feeling of friendship that came to going to buy me."

stepped up by the bonfire him simply by standing among That ended the conversation, and among the group of boys clustered them. they all drifted onto the pond to

there. He hardly understood just what join the game.

"Hi,"he said casually. it was that kept them from acceptJoe was the recognized leader of

Half a dozen of the boys aning him as one of them. Somehow "the gang."As with so many other

swered him, just as casually. Then he had the feeling it was his father's things, his poverty did not keep

they went on with their talk. money. It wasn't his fault his him from that. And his widowed

Verne warmed himself, listening. father owned the factory where mother was proud that he tried to

He wanted to enter the conversamany of their fathers worked nor keep them playing the game fair tion but contented himself with that his father was the richest man and square.

looking interested. He had tried in town. And he had no intention But Joe's very poverty made him

to enter their conversations before, of taking advantage of his position. feel that Verne's riches were a

but some of his opinions had met Nevertheless, there it was, and he menace to him. People with money

with disapproval. And, disaplearned through bitter lessons to got used to buying things with it,

proved, they had brought on the accept what the other boys were and if you weren't careful, they'd remark that he was "like his dad, willing to give and not to try to be buying you. Once they had you

always wanting to have things his force his way among them. bought and paid for, you had to

own way."So now he remained He slipped away from them and (Continued on following page)

FEBRUARY 1950 105 A PAIR OF SKATES (Continued from preceding page) play with Verne Amos very much, the town's ice carnival. Everyone

do what they wanted. So he indo you?"turned out to the ice pond to skate,

stinctively had snubbed Verne, and "A little,"Joe said, looking surto eat barbequed sandwiches, and he snapped back at anyone who prised. to try to win one of the prizes

made a mild protest. "I've noticed he doesn't get in given in the contests. Joe and his

On the pond the game was going with your gang,"his mother congang were there, their spirits high.

on. Joe and his pals joined Verne tinued. "I wonder why? He seems And Verne was there, too, but he

and the few others who remained such a nice boy, too."was just quietly friendly, not makamong the uncaught. There were "Oh, he's all right,"Joe said; ing any advances.

more skaters trying to catch them "only he just doesn't belong."Joe skated over to the huge bonnow than there were trying to get "Why doesn't he belong?"his fire for a sandv/ich. One of the

through the lines. As they started mother persisted. ladies made one for him, and then

through, each of them knew his "Well, gee,"Joe squirmed a lithe noticed Mr. Amos helping them.

chance of getting through without tle, "if we let him in with us, he'll "Hello, Joe,"Mr. Amos said,

being caught was pretty slim. want to run things just because he's smiling.

They started down in a body got plenty of money. "Hello, Mr. Amos,"Joe said,

then spread out over the full width "I see,"his mother replied. feeling a little overawed.

of their marked course. Next they Joe felt uncomfortable. He knew He began to munch his sandtried to weave through the skaters his mother did see. He felt more wich. Mr. Amos looked friendly

coming to meet them. Skate skilexplanation was needed. enough. t He was working with the

fully as they did, Verne was the others just as if he didn't have ten only one to get through. times as much money as all the rest

Then they all turned to get him of them. Maybe he would be hapon the return run. He started out pier, too, if people were friendly

from the middle of the pond, then with him just as they were with cut sharply over toward one side. everyone else. Maybe his mother

Like a flock of sheep every skater was right. She was working there,

on the pond started toward that too, and she was friendly with side to meet him. Then, when they him. She even called him "Will"

were pretty well bunched, Verne right in front of everyone else.

doubled back and streaked toward "Joe,"Mr. Amos was talking to

the other side of the course, hoping him again, "here's something you'd to run around them. like."He held up a pair of skates.

Joe had been in the lead of the "That's the prize for the race you'll skaters, and now he took off across be in."

the pond right behind Verne. Strok- "Gee,"Joe took them and looked

ing with all his might, he tried to at them, "they're swell."

close the small gap between them, "They tell me you're a good but it was no use. Verne kept out enough skater to win them,"Mr.

of his way. They were nearing the Amos said.

edge of the course, and it was Joe grinned a little. "Gee, I don't

necessary for Verne to make a turn know,"he said humbly. "I'm afraid

to his right to keep within bounds. Verne is better than I am."

Crossing foot over foot, and throw- "Well,"he said defensively, Mr. Amos laughed, "Well, I

ing all the force he could into it, "people like him think their money hope you win them anyway."

picking he came around, up a litwill buy anything."the to pond. back went Joe A so. tle speed as he did "Maybe that! like we make them that pair would of skates He

Joe now had the inside track, way,"his mother said quietly. "You give almost anything for them. He

but he was unable to gain any see, people like Verne need friends was pretty sure he could beat all ground. Verne was outskating him. just as you and I do. We give our of the boys but Verne. And he

Suddenly a few other skaters friendship to others, but sometimes was pretty sure Verne could beat who had angled back across the we won't give it to people with him. A thought struck him. Maypond instead of following Joe and money like Verne because we're be if he was friendly with Verne,

Verne almost straight across and afraid of what they'll do. And Verne would let him win. He was

then down the opposite side, apwhen we won't give them our immediately ashamed of himself.

peared in front of them. Verne friendship, all they can do is try He wouldn't do that. He believed

tried to weave through them, but to buy it. Perhaps if we gave it in winning fair and square, if he

one of them slapped him on the to them, they would be just as good did win. He remembered what his

back as he darted through. That friends as anyone else."mother had said. Maybe that

ended the game. "Maybe,"Joe said doubtfully, wasn't fair to Verne, either. Maybe

and his mother wisely dropped the he wanted to win fair and square,

At his home that night, Joe's subject. too.

mother said to him. "You don't The following Saturday brought (Continued on page 131)

106 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

x 4 Jtor iSion and Tccomplishmentp

Ann Mousley Cannon

Have faith Seek knowledge O/ l/l/ladeLn Stewart SlLuer

Safeguard health Honor womanhood Understand beauty ventures; she chaperoned groups on

Know work hikes and canyon parties. She read

Love truth all she could about the Girl Guides

Taste the sweetness of service organized in England to parallel the

Feel joy Boy Scouts, and the Camp Fire

Girls organized in America by Dr.

before the "Spirit of the and Mrs. Luther H. Gulick.

IongHive"was formulated in these President Martha H. Tingey of

words, its ideals dominated the the Young Ladies'Mutual Improvelife of Ann Mousley Cannon. Her ment Association appointed her to

eager quest for knowledge began investigate and formulate some acANN MOUSLEY CANNON early'( she was born tivity for young imthe Forest Dale Ward. For aboutSeptember 29, nnie Cannon nevwomen. Almost

continmediately and 1869) Sister two years girls these in regular met called er the organall her inthrough enteredued Cannon activities which included camping ization the Mutual. life. in to faith correspondence Her trips, fires, ceremonial the awarding She spoke ahvays of it with her Dr. apGulickwomanhood, and and wearing of the Indian costume as Muttial Improvehealth, a organized ofpreciation Camp leather and thongs of honor beads.

her love of service ment. Fire group. The All this was under the direction of

helped in the estabmembers included Ann M. Cannon, assisted part of

lishment of the BeeHive work. >ois Cannon, Maurine Bennion, the time by a young English conFor some years she had been Edith Teudt, Annie Merrill, Aledia vert, Lydia Champion.

watching her nieces, as well as girls Tobiason, and Madelyn Stewart. Presently a number of wards in

everywhere. She heard their comLater this group was enlarged to the Church were selected to experiplaints at irksome household tasks; include Venice Morris, Ada Olson, ment with Camp Fire work as part

she heard them discuss stories of. Lilly Thalmann, Marie Cook, and of the Young Ladies'Mutual Imboarding school and girl group adMarie Hjorth. All were members of provement Association. During all

this time Sister Cannon was examining the values and difficulties of

Camp Fire work as a Church project. Expense was one of the

greatest problems, so it was suggested that the Church organize a girls'group of its own.

The general board committee was composed of Ann M. Cannon as

chairman; Charlotte Stewart, an expert in all phases of recreation and

health; Emily C. Adams, a woman

of wide experience and excellent judgment; and Elen Wallace, a true

poet possessed of great spiritual insight and inspiration. Rachel Grant

Taylor was an early member, but later was transferred to another committee.

These four women analyzed and studied many fields of activity for girls and young women. They

sought professional advice and recommendation in planning work in the various fields.

Graduating class, University of Deseret 1886. Edna Wells (Sloan), left, Ann M. Cannon, right. (Continued on page 134)

FEBRUARY 1950 107 Elaine covered the vague disquiet of her mind with a smile. Being

in love was a blowhot-blowcold affair, with never any time for level analysis—even for a sociology

major. It was like traffic with green

lights for straight ahead one minute and the next all signals flashing red for stop, only it was too late for red signals now, with

Craig's diamond sparkling on her finger. At the moment the lights

were green, for wasn't Craig here at precisely six o'clock, beautifully on time to take her to church on this Sunday evening?

All the time she had spent dressing was rewarded by the look in his eyes as she came down the stairs of Stanley Hall. His approving glance noted the blonde bob,

feathered back from her face, the turquoise blouse, and the slim black skirt. He gave a low whistle and

crossed the room in two strides.

"Craig, not here!"she said, noting his intent—no telling how many

of the girls would be peering over the banisters. While Dancing The "Then let's get out of here, my

pigeon,"he said promptly. Craig's

impetuosity was thrilling. "I've changed my mind,"Craig I was a green little homesick

His car was out in front. She said shortly. freshie."

knew by the slight movements of "Oh,"said Elaine, sudden anger "Somebody you used to go out the upper curtains that the girls boiling up in her, and there was a with,"guessed Craig.

were watching them and waved at stiff silence. "Well yes. Occasionally,"adthe windows impishly. Not one of Three blocks farther on Craig mitted Elaine. "But I don't see—"

them but envied her Craig, the most slid her a sidelong glance. "It's "I do, quite well!"answered

handsome and "lucrative"date at spring, Elaine. I want you to myCraig shortly.

the U, and undoubtedly the most self. Do you have to go to church?"They drove on in uncomfortable

charming. "No,"said Elaine, melting. "But silence, an edge of enmity between

the monument and "What's the matter? Do they I should be there. Tm the stake them again—past

spy on you?"dance director, you know, and all the zoo, into the mouth of the can- "Oh, Craig, no! Not spy. They're the officers—yon. This time it was Elaine who

just interested. Mainly in you. You "Duty! They won't miss you had to break the silence.

are considered the catch of the year, once.""Craig,"she said tentatively, "it

you know.""That isn't it,"said Elaine. "I is you I am engaged to."

"I don't believe it,"said Craig, wanted to go."Craig looked at her under dark

but his expression softened. He did "Wanted to go to church?"brows and pulled to the side of

believe it, Elaine knew, because he echoed Craig in disbelief. the road. "I'm sorry,"he said, takthrust out his chin in a little, un- "Particularly tonight. I wanted ing her into his arms. "Believe me,

conscious gesture of pride. Perhaps to find out who the new dance diElaine, it's because I love you so

of everything one day she would love that gesture rector for the M Men is going to much. I'm jealous

as her mother loved the springy be. Then, too, Paul Delaby is home that takes you away from me. Of

way her father walked. from his mission. He is the speaker school, of church—that stake danctonight, and I wanted to go very ing—and of every boy you ever

"/raic we've passed the chapel,"much."went out with. After we're married

she said, rousing to look "Paul Delaby? Who is he? Some all that will be changed. I want you

about. special friend of yours?"all for my own."

"Right,"said Craig. There was quick and unmistakThrough the pleasure of having

"But it is time for church."able suspicion in Craig's voice. things cleared between them, a lit-

"We're not going to church to- "Certainly. Paul and I have been tle fear crept in. What would

night, Elaine."friends for years—ever since I marriage to Craig be like? When-

"But, Craig! We planned to go. moved into this ward to go to the ever she thought of marriage, she

You promised."U. He was my first friend when thought of her mother and father.

108 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA and of their family in church on he came up to her, both hands out. that I don't even know your adSunday morning—her father on He was changed, grown in stature, dress? It will take years of conthe stand, for he was the bishop, and there was a look of controlled versation to catch up—for me to

her mother with a baby in her arms power about him. His mouth was tell you about my mission, for you

and the look of an angel in her still sweet and his features cleanto tell me about school. You've

face, and her brothers and sisters cut. "I didn't expect you here."caught up to me, and we'll graduate

dotted through the audience in 'You can from now on,"Paul together. Won't that be fun?"

their respective departments. Sometold her. "It seems that I've been Elaine knew suddenly that she

how Craig didn't harmonize with appointed the new stake dance diwanted all those things, but she bit that picture. rector for the M Men. How's that back a reply and was relieved just "But Craig—"she began. for a rusty old missionary?"then that the instructors took all

"I won't listen,"said Craig, stop- "You'll get back into practice their attention to demonstrate the ping her mouth effectively. "If you soon. Paul, I'm sorry I missed your right and left Scotch rolls.

loved me like I love you, you'd feel homecoming. I wanted to be there.""We can do that,"exulted Paul,

the same way.""I wanted you there, too, Elaine. and turned Elaine under his hand

"I guess so,"said Elaine miserThe house was jammed, but I kept until her skirt flared. "Just like a

ably, remembering with a feeling looking for you. I felt as if I was hollyhock. Elaine you are beautiof guilt her uncertainty where Craig talking to empty benches."ful."

was concerned. Surely there was "Oh, Paul!"she said, but she "I don't hear those rusty hinges

no reserve on Craig's part. If her didn't explain, although Paul squeaking,"Elaine parried.

love for him was genuine, she searched her face. "I didn't know "It's the partner,"Paul smiled,

and his arm tightened about her. nought, she wouldn't have it meant that much—to you."

"Plaine's head, as well as her feet, was in a whirl. Why should

Paul's words bring such joy to her heart? Why should she feel this

happy comfort in his presence when she was engaged to Craig? Why, ARSOVIENNE indeed, if she was not fickle and

faithless?

It was obvious Paul hadn't heard this little fear of it. Why, oh why about her and Craig, for, although

had she taken his ring before she his attention was apparently on the was sure? Sure! Even now she was instructor and the intricacies of the

thinking of church, wondering about step, Elaine felt emotion surging

Paul's speech, with a sense of c& through his hand to hers, and his eternal loss at not hearing it. eyes told her he was very much

"Craig,"she said, putting it out ofreu aware of her. Somehow she must

of her mind with her will, and retell him she was engaged, and belaxing deliberately. "I'm going to Ecaileu fore he committed himself too far. forget everything but you and en- "Paul—"she began when the

joy the evening."steps threw them together in the

"Atta girl!"approved Craig. waltz steps.

"That goes for this fellow, Paul, "My dear girl! Don't mistake my "Elaine, I love you,"he said intoo?"meaning. I loved being there. to her ear. "I loved you before I

are people Those to but me, home left. I I that then knew wanted "Paul, too,"Elaine, agreed thinkis this really coming home—seeing it for wife, but you a it matmy was ing best to not try explaining the It you. that meant every much first ter first. things of I've waited freedom friendliness and reof her minute field. in out the I was For this. so to long say Now—lationship It with Paul. was more the I of good tucked work my you million light fragments of A an appreciation that in took the in the of back at least four mind my in splintered her head, splintered whole world and never had come daily. times I But was when comfell to in and heart. darkness her to the down confinement of two ing I that made speech up home-—feet Their stopped dancing. personalities. especially for you.""Paul! oh, said. Paul!"she

feeling of mingled A remorse and gaze followed His to her own night she Paul.'JThursday saw The elation swelled Elaine's heart, but finger left third the her on hand. stake directors dance meetwere it. she subdued pale, face His turned closed he and ing at the for instrucGardens learning "We're the varsovienne little. his a eyes, swaying tion in square oldtime and dancbeginning; so can we like "It looks help,"two you need tonight—justing. it Although a was workout, it learn together,"she evaded. said at voice Elaine's a shoulder,Elaine a long, fullskirted wore It is "Right. the beginning, and instructors there. the and were The itdimity because suited the dance will it learn we together,"said her whirled competently man away inmovements, and a cab. went Paul Paul. a There was deeper meaning the while took possession woman in hersaw at the door. come in his voice, but it. Elaine ignored of unprotesting Paul. the

"Paul!"she said, delighted when "Do you realize, my dear woman, (Continued on page 135)

fEBRUARY 1950 109 One of the first houses in Cowley, Wyoming, built by Thomas Lythgoe in 1901.

of the Colonization Big Horn

Colonization by the Church sure it will succeed, as I know they of plows, scrapers, crowbars, picks, these men has a familiar ring—whether will work together on it. I can see and shovels. Though

it was under the direction of in my mind fields of alfalfa and were entire strangers to Mr. Hasthe Prophet Joseph Smith in grain and homes for many people kins, he agreed to secure the reOhio, Missouri, or Illinois; or here."quired tools for them.

Presiof the direction under the proposiof report favorable A of the Woodruff A. Elder O. his and dent Brigham Young to the in made was tion Wyoming and fourteen the of Twelve Council in the successors West. the and the of Church, Presidency in sent prominent other men were

the for new colonizing organization the over look to 1900, February after started. Soon country was the that land the only not and resurveyed, Dm"/ (L*liza /\. c=X.utkyutfoe country, this the canal was but cover, would Cincinnati Canal

also the level land surrounding it. preparations to go to work were

made. immediately met and down came Colonel Cody of the Pioneers in coming put was Woodruff A. Elder O. the Sidon place where the near themThe Salt of the usually Lake this build to the colony of charge a spent heads. He Canal now relived Valley experienced men Staunch, canal. toldpioneers—was recounting many evening pleasant slightly with faces otherwith and frontiersman, a Sessions, like Byron experiences. his of time a incidentsdifferent each new acexpert an Welch, A. Charles

settlement was begun. This is the An application to divert, approcountant, and other stalwart men

story of pioneering in the Big Horn priate, and use the waters of the of experience were sent to see about

Basin of northwestern Wyoming. Shoshone River had been made by work. Young men of strength and

A small body of churchmen went Colonel Cody and Nate Salisbury, courage who were seeking land and into the Big Horn Basin about 1897 their application being approved by2 wanted to grow up with a new and settled at Burlington, Wyothe state engineer on May 22, 1899. country came, accompanied by their

ming. Stories of the country were On April 24, 1900, Colonel Cody wives and children. None of them

written to friends in Utah. The and Nate Salisbury signed a reknowledge that land and water were linquishment of these rights to the

available caused the leaders of the state of Wyoming, permitting the

Church to investigate. state to assign the land and water

Colonel William F. Cody (Bufrights to another party. The

falo Bill) was an admirer of BrigChurch, having filed an application ham Young and often praised his for the construction of a canal on ability as a colonizer. He said, "If January 11, 1900, subsequently rethe Mormons will take over this ceived the rights Colonel Cody held.

Cincinnati Canal'proposition, I am While the delegation was at 'Several years prior to 1898, Cincinnati interests, Bridger, Montana, a hardware

Early, H. L. and King by G. H.represented had dealer by the name of Haskins was

north side the along for a canalsubmitted proposals of the Shoshone River, and had been awarded a consulted in regard to the purchase contract for its construction. But delay in initiating

in the Cincinnati faith smothered hadoperation is application now recorded 2This of land board the in 1898 andCompany, Photograph in 1901 and 1902. engineer in Cowley of Wyoming,in the Volumeofficial Children born the state of record Lindsay, a requestedcommissioners relinquishment.—state

teacher. Merchant, with Charles 1914 taken in 478. 9, page 192. Basin, p. The Big Horn

110 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Volney King, father of Eliza R. Lythgoe, on the horse leading the parade on Pioneer day in 1905.

m3 i\ \3 1 11 bu me c=LattepdcnA faints

ever thought of going back or of and the Ben Salisbury families. She forded Big Wind River. The water

failure. They came in covered continued, "Our eldest boy, Claywas above the front wheels of the

wagons containing food, dishes, ton, walked and drove the milk wagon. The men led the horses

beds, clothing—the bare necessities cows. Realizing we were going to through the stream with water

of life. an unsettled country, we loaded our above their waists. If ever the

Since my threeweeks-old baby two wagons with everything we Lord helped us on our journey, he and I were unable to leave Salt could not sell, even taking two or helped us then.

Lake City for Wyoming when my three hundred pounds of lead. Our "A day's journey from Ham's

husband and the others left in May wagons and teams were overloaded. Fork a blizzard swept over the

1900, we made the trip by train Now, after forty years when I think company. The wagons were driven

the following July, and since I back how we strewed the road with into what shelter could be found, want to present the experiences of chickens, washers, etc., I sometimes the horses tied to the wagons and

a woman who did make the journey laugh and sometimes cry. We were given a small feed of oats. Not

by team, I secured an account of a eight weeks on the road from Provo, much sleep was had by anyone as trip from my friend, Sarah J. Utah, to the Big Horn Basin in the horses gnawed the wagon boxes

Partridge, who, with three families, Wyoming, arriving at the head of or any other wood not covered by began her overland journey to the the canal May 29, 1900. irons. How the wind howled and

Big Horn Basin April 3, 1900. Mrs. "One reason why the start had shook the wagons in which everyone

Partridge said, "Everyone going to been made early in the spring was was trying to sleep! The storm

the basin started out on the road to to get across the rivers before high lasted three days, and when it

Ham's Fork where they, all were water, but you can still hear a abated, nearly two feet of snow to meet."group of our pioneers talk of the covered the ground.

In her party were the W. C. time they forded this river or that, "The morning after the blizzard

Partridge, the Edward Partridge, and how they were almost washed the teams had to move on so that downstream at one river or another. feed might be found in order to save

'Ham's was a smaii Fork site present of Kemmercr. Wyoming. settlement near the I'll never forget the evening we (Continued on page 150)

The Willis Construction Crew. Photograph taken at Grey Bull, Wyoming, just after the railroad was built in 1914.

FEBRUARY 1950 111 Area of the ancient Middle American civilizations. "Stepped

pyramid"symbol indicates the location of some of the principal discovered ruined cities (ancient name in most cases unknown).

Circled part is the region of the main explorations of the archaeological expedition described in this article.

AN EXPEDITION

Archaeology has been aptly dedertaken recently,2 in the wint fined as "a rescue expedition months of 1948.

sent into the far parts of the Recent Developments and the earth to recover the scattered pages

Purpose of the Expedition of man's autobiography,"1 i.e. the

ruins of his ancient cities, and other '"Phis expedition grew out of a material relics of his early past. number of important recent deOne of the "far parts of the velopments in the archaeology of

earth"where such records have Central America and of Mexico.

been found in especial abundance is Foremost of these has been the known classic cultures f the region that of the great tropical forest recoming to light, in this "middle"such as the Maya, Zapotec, and gion of northern Central America. region of the New World, of still Teotihuacan Toltec, which dates it

Here archaeological expeditions of another ancient civilization. back to the first centuries of the

the past hundred years have unThis newlydiscovered civilizaChristian era and the immediately covered the remains of several antion dates to an early period in the preceding centuries. Evidence is

cient, previously unknown civilizaarchaeological history of Middle mounting to the effect that it was a tions. America. Its remains have been widespread and highly developed

This article describes one such found underlying those of the wellcivilization, more or less ancestral expedition to Central America, unaccount taken in part from the writer's report to the classic cultures. As yet,

of the expedition to the Mexican government, prehowever, its origin and people rethe with accordance pared in in the Southwest, Garden Digging Morris, iAnn expedition's archaemain unknown, that with contract ological government. p. xv. Y., 1933, City, N.

112 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The most distinctive features of portance <jl ihis OlmecGulf Coast least known part ox the Gulf Coast this new early "preclassic"civilizaregion as an early center of the region, where no distinctive centers tion of Central America and Mexico newly uncovered preclassic civiliof the preclassic civilization had yet have so far been discovered at sites zation, raise the possibility of even been discovered, and which conselocated in the Gulf Coast plain of more significant discoveries awaitquently comprised an extensive southern Veracruz and western ing future archaeological research break in the territorial continuity of

Tabasco, in the narrowneck-ofin this region. Numerous unexplorthat civilization. The reconnaissance

land region of the Isthmus of ed, or only partly explored, mound was therefore directed toward the

Tehuantepec. It is at these sites ruins dot the maps of this area. possible discovery of additional sites

(comprising what may be called the Though some of these sites have of the preclassic civilization in this "Early Olmec"aspect of this civilialready been identified, usually as "gap area."or of other evidence

zation 3 ), that some of the most receremonial centers of the welllinking up the discovered developmarkable finds in the history of known Classic Maya civilization ( or ments of the civilization in the

American archaeology have been of the Classic Olmec or "La Venta"Tehuantepec, Yucatan, and southmade. These include the earliest culture ), others remain entirely unern highland areas. There was also

dated object of the New World classified as to civilization or period the possibility of finding evidence in ( Stela A at Tres Zapotes in southof flourishment. Many other ancient this area leading to the discovery of

ern Veracruz, bearing a probably ruined cities undoubtedly remain the civilization's original or main contemporaneous hieroglyphic date still hidden or undiscovered within center of development, still unlonear the birth of Christ), stone the dense jungles of this region. cated.

sculptures and pottery figurines deThe expedition forming the subpicting bearded men, other figurines ject of this article had for its main The Expedition showing people wearing orientalpurpose an archaeological reconlike turbans, and, most sensational naissance of one part of this region, HPhis archaeological reconnaisof all, toy wheeled vehicles, proving namely the Xicalango district of sance of the Xicalango Gulf the existence at one time in ancient western Campeche. This district Coast area was undertaken under

America of knowledge of the wheel, was selected because it was the the auspices of the Department of i.e. one of the fundamentals of Old center of an area which was archaeArchaeology of Brigham Young

ologically the least explored and (Continued on following page)

:.. '/.':. '-/ ';/ vv;V..:.::;---/-:;:v-;.':;:. ':: '

Ij

HEAD OF ARCHAEOLOGY DEPARTMENT

, BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

World civilization, which had long been denied by Americanists. The

last three of these discoveries strongly bolster, of course, the extreme "migrationist"theory of ancient American origins, i.e. that the

ancient civilizations of America had their ultimate origin to transoceanic migrations from some early center of civilization in the Old World. 4

These amazing finds, and the imSA phase of the socalled "Olmec"development of the Gulf Coast region, to be differentiated from the succeeding "Classic Olmec"or "La Venta"phase which equates temporally with the beginnings of the Classic Maya culture of Yucatan.

1For 'further information on these recent discoveries see, e.g., Matthew W. Stirling, "Discovering the

New World's Oldest Dated Work of Man,"iii The

National Geographic Magazine, August 1939, and "Great Stone Faces of the Mexican Jungle,"ibid., Expedition members on the partially uncovered stairway of an anSeptember 1940: George C. Vaillant, "A Bearded cient pyramid temple at Agvacatal. From left to right: W. Glenn

Mystery,"in Natural History, vol. 31 (1931), pp. Harmon, Thomas Stuart Ferguson, the writer, and Abel Paez. Photo243-252; and Thomas Stuart Ferguson, "The Wheel graph taken by expedition guide Manuel Lara.

in Ancient America,"in The Improvement Era, vol.

49, (December 1946), pp. 785 arid 818819.

FEBRUARY 1950:m 113

AN EXPEDITION TO CENTRA! AMERICA

(Continued from preceding page)

University."The expedition members consisted of the writer, as director and archaeologist; Thomas

Stuart Ferguson of Oakland, California, as transportation manager and field assistant; W. Glenn Harmon of Berkeley, California, as photographer; and Abel Paez of

Mexico City, as general aide.

The members gathered at Mexico

City on January 10, 1948, where archaeology by air.final preparations were made, inExpedition members landing—modern

cluding the securing of the necessary governmental permit for arfrom the Island of Carmen, on the chaeological work in Mexico. ValuXicalango mainland. This is a

able suggestions for the success of low, flat country of jungle, swamps, the expedition were contributed by and numerous small lakes or laFrans Blom of Mexico City, former goons, presenting many difficulties director of the Middle American to the explorer. Much of it is

Research Institute of Tulane Uniflooded in the rainy season, from versity of Louisiana, and by H. June to December. This, together

Carlos Frey, also of Mexico City, with the discomfort and mud professional jungle explorer and one caused by the incessant rains, necesof the discoverers of the now fasarily restricts archaeological work mous Maya ruins of Bonampak, in the area to the socalled "dry"

Chiapas. Generous assistance in obseason, from January to May, when

taining the large amount of special it rains only every few days. Even

photographic supplies required for in the "dry season"there are the expedition was given by Otto numerous stagnant swamps, leftDone, representative of the Eastman overs from the rains, which efKodak Stores in Mexico City. The Black God of the Maya holds the symbol of fectively hinder exploration.

corn in his hands.

Leaving Mexico City on January Dense jungle or low rain forest 18, the party proceeded by plane to were obtained and arrangements covers most of the area, especially the tropical eastern Gulf Coast made for motor launch transportaalong the shores of the lagoons, island and town of Carmen, Camtion across the great inland sea of where the trees crowd even into the peche, in geographical Central the Laguna de Terminos to the water, leaving no open shores orAmerica, which had been selected

Xicalango mainland. Here also beaches except on the tidewashedas the immediate base of operamuch valuable information was furGulf coast and Xicalango coast oftions. Here additional supplies

nished by local citizens on the the Laguna de Terminos. The jun5As the "Second Brigham Young University known sites and antiquities of the gle inland, however, is occasionally

Archaeological Expedition was anto MiddleexploringAmerica."expeditionTheof XicalangoLaguna de Terminos broken by comparatively open first such undertaking

to Central University and Young Brigham South region. stretches of swampwater and of in University 1900, under the leadership America

Guff. Benjamin president of 1948, The expedition

distant archaeological however, was the first field The area to be explored lay savannaland.

University of the to be undertaken project through across the Laguna de Terminos The jungle itself consists mainly established its recently Department of Archaeology.

of coconut palms, wild aguacates or avocado trees, and various other................,. - tropical trees, especially mangroves,

which flourish in the swamps and along the shores of the lagoons where they have the peculiarity of sending many roots out from their branches and back down into the water, forming an impenetrable barrier of tangled roots and branches fronting these shores and making landings impossible for long stretches. In the jungle inland from

these mangrove thickets is an almost equally impenetrable underIn the state of Yucatan is a massive ruin known as the Palace of Sayil, the building is low and rambling, three stories high, and about onehalf block long. (Continued on page 144)

114 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

1800's, should prove of value to the

Junior Girls, whose reading course

girl born to comforts, who sought out Bln th E OiAztCMsX book it is. The dynamic story of a J those less fortunate than she and began to mitigate their woes, is one

IRRIGATED SOILS a farm never need wear out. While that should prove conducive of good

(D. W. Thorne and H. B. Peterson. the story is about a rainfall farm, it among those who are at the thresholdThe Blakiston Company, Philadelphia. will be profitable reading for farmers of life—and stimulating to those who

288 pages. 74 illustrations. $5.00.) everywhere. The theme is one which have reached maturity.—M. C. /.

for national beautifully printed selfprotection volume, andHPhis should taught be AN ODD VOLUME OF school, college, in every bound, and will be wherever welcomed irrigation is needed and that means university.—/. A. W. COOKERY

over more than one half of earth's land (Louise Lane Morrisey and Marion area. The fertility and management DRINKING'S NOT THE Lane Sweeney. Houghton Mifflin Co.,

of irrigated soils, basic considerations PROBLEM Boston. 1949. 203 pages. $2.50.)

for permanent irrigation agriculture, ( Charles Capp, Jr. Thomas Y. Crowell Cince this book of recipes came from

are clearly discussed in the light of reCo., New York City, 1949, 179 pages, the kitchens of Boston's "Club

cent knowledge. How much water $2.50.) of Odd Volumes,"it presents many

is the insistent farmer's needed, quesfood delicacies as the which, book habit, alcohol is drunkenness, HpHE a is little,tion, given probably inadequate states, are "appreciated the gourby curse the nation. upon Mostattention. in book, organization The It offers met."interesting ideas some treatises the set possibilisubject on up

is treatment, essentially for suitedand in in hors d'oeuvres meat and and game ties for the reforming alcoholic. Thisclasswork, intelligent but farmer any cookery and for novelty be a would deals rather of book with methods

its readcan twentyfive chapters with those afford can cookbooks. many who is preventing alcoholism. That more

profit.great frontispiece carries The it also Since the advocates of use important. in direct simple, So, very

the pictures of Dr. E. W. Hilgard, language the author states the causes soda, pepper, and wines in cooking,

notable pioneer worker with arid soils, which, in his opinion, lead people to and boiling of vegetables, it is not a

F. S. Harris,and of Dr. distinguished volume of health cookery and alcoholic drink beverages. conmodern He in the useworker for irrigaof water not particularly valuable as a handtends that it is not liquor the taste for

tion. The book is marred by the implithat is responsible for alcoholsoaked book in the kitchen. B. S.

cation, in the face of earlier irrigation America, but rather conditions existing literature, that twentyfive years ago before drinking begins. His argument BEHIND THE CURTAIN

the beginning irrigation ofwas A. W. (John Gunther. Harper and Bros., knowlis convincing.—/. Itedge. that this excellent is hoped New York. 1949. 363 pages. $3.00.)book is but the precursor of a new era

of irrigation works, which recently has UTAH HISTORICAL VJU'ith his usual facility and unusual phraseology, his quips Gunthersorely callconsidered what he languished.—/. A. W. QUARTERLY(Published by the Utah State Historway through

HUMAN GROWTH ical Society four times annually. Salt ing Inside Outside Russia because he

(Lester F. Beck, Ph.D., assisted by Lake Capitol. Salt Lake City, Utah. was widely "in Russiansaturated terMargie Robinson, M. A. Harcourt, HPhe two most recent volumes of the ritories."One can't help wondering

Brace and Company, New York. 124 Historical Quarterly have come to at times whether the author's delight

pages. 1949. $2.00.) our attention. While periodicals in the clever phrase and his glibness

give something of a twist that find not space normally on this may life begins and goes is the would onJLJow misleads. of page, the contents these volumes of theme on sex this book education for teenage children. It is an are well worth attention. Principally Gunther is a clever writer and

amplified text presenting in clear and they include accounts of the Explorafascinates his readers with his adroitsimple language with pictorial help tion of the Colorado River and the ness. The situation involving Tito

the story in the recent successful film, High Plateaus of Utah in 187172 and Stalin, as well as the men around

Human Growth. Sound and scientific during the second Powell Expedition, Tito, is discussed at length and will

facts to answer children's questions which accounts are taken from the prove valuable to those who may be form the basis of the discussions. The journals of W. C. Powell, Stephen confused by the offagain, onagain

characteristics of the JugoslavRussian F. Steward, Jones, and John thatbook is proof sex matters be Vandiver may

situation. In his discussion of Greece, data with biographical the authors ondiscussed with children in a clean

and healthpromoting manner. All of these journals. the author quotes Anne O'Hare

parents would do well to read and Many historical documents and disMcCormick: "Greece is a preview of

use this valuable contribution to the sertations are to be found within the the frontless, almost faceless war of tomorrow of spectral... forces that of covers Historical Quarterly, Utahsolution

slip back and forth across the accesreadily of are not most whichlems of parenthood.—/.of one of the difficultA. W. probborders."sible elsewhere. L. E. R.

is the the whole serious a On bookMUDDY WATER to attempt explain situations in Europe (Henrie LILLIAN Andrews Howell. OF WALD: American ANGEL to lethargic a America, has whichAssociation for of Colleges STREET HENRY Teacher

its carelessly closed ears to anythingEducation, Washington, D. C. 94 (Beryl Inc., Williams. Julian Messner, everything and concerning country anypages. 1949.) 1948. York. 216 pages. $2.75.) New but since our own World War

"C-Tow a wornout farm may be reTfrns biography of Lillian Wald, While Gunther's style prevents its beII.

stored to fertility is the theme of who became a nurse in order to coming a grim book, Behind the this excellent story. What is more imalleviate the misery and pain and inCurtain certainly contains elements of

portant, it points out methods by which adequacy of the profession in the late grimness. M. C. J.

FEBRUARY 1950 115 on inetL!/man -JiLt X Firing Line &j

XVIII

Bluff listened with tingling ears:

the log meetinghouse at Monticello had been the scene of a pioneer dance, the anniversary of the arrival of the Saints in Salt Lake

Valley more than forty years before.

That past event was very significant to the brave pioneers in their isolation at Blue Mountain—they had

featured it in a parade; they had

sung about it, listened to an enthusiastic oration; and now they

were dancing in the midst of their hardships as their ancestors, had danced on the plains en route from the eastern states.

To the bad men of the hills, that that makes a man better than a... they clung to their

celebration with its wellexecuted brute was missing from Tom's disforts, they toiled on for program of order looked too much ordered brain. He growled another their livelihood and ate

law. like the the hated coming of order no nearer to come or be shot their humble bread under

to impulse through, dominantTheir was still counted on but Joe spoil and devour it, to ride over it, their friendship and acquaintance the humiliating leer of cowpuncherthieves... trample it underfoot. With no of the years and tried to make his

courage and no excuse to make an reasons clear while the crowd aggressive beginning on such a caught its breath in suspense.

harmless gathering, they smothered A terrible figure, Tom stood there she fell dead in his arms. Confuwith whiskey what little intelligence in the moonlight gesticulating with sion and consternation reigned

was still functioning in their vitiated his glittering pistol, shouting his while the frenzied Tom mounted his brains, and headed for the dance. incoherent threats and orders, while waiting horse and dashed away.

A fellow with red eyes and the dancers in gay attire watched The quick beat of his hoofs died flushed face staggered into the hall him as a master tragedian on a in the distant night, and he was and, seeing that his presence was stage. Yet this was no drama of gone. Ready confederates covered

not relished, he drew his gun and things pretended, but a lifecrisis his retreat, gave him full protection ordered everybody outside.. There of stern reality. With gasps and of their empire, and he was never

in the moonlight he harangued and screams they saw the madman turn brought to judgment, punishment, threatened them, declaring in awful his gun on his trusting friend and or even trial. Major problem three

words he would kill anyone trying shoot him to death before their towered big in fiendish majesty over to leave the crowd. His close friend eyes. the people who marched with bowed

tried to reason with him. Into the cries of hysteria and heads in that slow funeral proces-

"Listen, Tom,"pleaded Joe, "Nofright, broke the loud boom of a sion.

body here wants to hurt you."big gun from another quarter, a The people of Monticello had

shriek, a hush, and -words whispered few cattle and no respected rights

But Tom ordered Joe not to come quickly by white lips, "They've on the range. The hills swarmed

a step nearer. killed Aunt Jane!"with "rustlers"waiting for any

"See, Tom, I have no gun,"Joe A man intending to shoot the horse or cow left out of sight. One

went on, confident he could get murderer and release the crowd had fellow starting with half a dozen him to release the terrified crowd fired accidentally and shot Mrs. cows made a remarkable record the

with its innocent people, its women Jane Walton near the heart. She first season—one of his cows had

and girls, on whom this was a most had barely time to turn to her son thirtyfive calves! He had an

cowardly imposition. The thing and tell him she was hurt before ingenious trick of making a calf

116 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA lead willingly behind his horse, and tain. It was building and growing sion that their center of activity was

every calf he found old enough to strong with the dangerous material somewhere in the broken country live without its mother, he led away chased out of the surrounding north of there, possibly on the to be adopted into the numerous states and territories. Every day Dirty Devil or the lower San Rafael.

family of one of his prolific cows on jaded horses, new subjects arMail service of that day was in his hideout down among the rived at this, the most faraway and slow and infrequent, telephones gulches. the safest retreat from law in all the nonexistent, and false reports

The Texas outfit with their southwest. taught men to discredit ninetenths

scrawny livestock, every animal Other officers came with latherof what they heard. The public

displaying the imposing placard: ing horses on hot trails to San Juan was not ready to believe that San

ELK M, on a thousand hills had and headed down the river. What Juan County, Utah was the inner

made aggressive claim to the best was the use? They had chased the and untouchable sanctuary of a farsprings on the mountain and the rat down a hole, and if they venreaching system, and that all underbest water holes on the winter tured into that hole, they would ground railroads and blind trails

range. never come out. They knew that led, as necessity demanded, to these

Hot on the trail one day came an much by the looks and the squeaks impregnable rocks where no arrest officer from Texas—he had traced of the rats playing and watching had ever been made.

his man here, but whether the man there on the surface. All that reIn desperation the people of

Bluff sought out the owners of the ELKM cattle and asked them to quote a price, but they only smiled in smug amusement. Sell out their hotel? Not

on your life—it was the waiting heir to all of San Juan

County. Bluff was to be absorbed as one of its lesser assets.

Things looked bad, and a dark shape was appearing on the distant horizon which threatened in its development to sweep the whole troubled region. A bill had been introduced in Congress providing

that San Juan County should be given as a reservation to the Piutes and that all white settlers and stockmen be moved out.

HpHE Piutes had long since been appointed a reservation in Colorado, and had been ordered and then urged to go there. To the orders and to

the urges they made flat and uncompromising refusal. They

was still here peeping from cover mained for them was to go back in had also invited the Utes from or whether he had gone on, the disgust to Texas, to New Mexico, their Colorado reservation to come officer could not find out. The outor Arizona, without bringing back and join them, and it had seemed

law had vanished among the devi- a muchwanted desperado. about as much as the government

ous hallways of Hotel De Rincone All through the western states could do by threats, and by sending and was not to be found. What people heard and believed that there special committees and army ofwere the eager officer and his was what they called a "Robber's ficers to San Juan, to induce the

deputies to do? When they had Roost,"an organized gang of outrunaway Utes to return home. And

investigated, they discerned that the laws with a headquarters somenow, after the seeming inability of only safe thing to do was to go where in southeastern Utah. They Uncle Sam to get the Piutes to take

back at once emptyhanded to were known to have a rendezvous his orders, he seemed to be obTexas. They went. at different places of remoteness in sequiously proposing to give official

An empire was forming in San Wyoming, Colorado, and other approval of their doing just as they

Juan County, Utah: a pirate's emstates and territories, but their acpleased.

pire with one capital at Rincone and tive operations in the region of The Piutes smiled exultantly another at the base of Blue MounHenry Mountains gave the impres- (Continued on page 138)

FEBRUARY 1950 117 F.President GEORGE RICHARDS aJJ4u

Nanny Richards walked alone AS up the dark and deserted canyon road, there were mixed emotions in her heart. Her fear

for her young son was the greater because of her love for him. He

had left that morning with a cart and team cf oxen to bring home a load of wood from Farmington Canyon. It was long past time for

him to return.

Visions of George F. pinned under a fallen tree, run over by the

heavy cart, or trampled beneath a maddened ox kept fighting against her knowledge that he was a good woodsman. She knew that although he was only fifteen years of

age he had learned how to take care of himself. Many times before he had made the same trip

alone. As most other pioneer boys

had had to do, he learned early the meaning of independence.

But what could be keeping him?

Mrs. Richards didn't know it on

that dark night, but the boy she was seeking was to become one of the best loved and most respected men in the Church. He would

serve in many high places, including the Quorum of the Twelve, president of the Salt Lake Temple, and finally President of the Quorum. He was also to gain another President George F. Richards will be 89 years of age February 23. Shown with him are

distinction, one she could know two members of his scouting family, a son, Ray, center, and Donald, a grandson, left.

nothing of then. He was to become the father of one of the largest

and most active scouting families in night, but all his life he has loved mother both had crossed the plains

America. her the more for coming after him. in 1848. They had moved to

Farmington at the direction of

President Brigham Young and had ]Jrs. Richards did not know it, but the boy she built a small log cabin.

was seeking on that dark night was to become one The summer that he had been deof the best loved and most respected men in the layed in the canyon the youth did

Church. most of the work in adding two new

rooms to this house.

"Early that spring my elder That summer morning in 1876, When President Richards was brother went on a mission to EngPresident George F. Richards had born on February 23, 1861, in land,"he recalls. "With the oxen,

set out early. He had ridden the Farmington, Utah, cart, and chains he

wagon behind the plodding oxen the Pioneers had left, I hauled wood incident, living of cut in the load a largewithout been the from canyon also to gain anwas J-Je it, for it Salt started loaded Valleywood, Lake and to the traded and distinction other; one

less the than road fourteen gristmillhome. rough But grist for and was

the load heavy, and the wagon years. His father, she could knoiv nothing stuff, to the motongue broke. It took a long time Franklin D., who of then. He ivas to belasses, and in this

to make another one, long enough later also became come the father of one way helped provide to keep him until after dark. He president of the of the largest and most for the family.

was sorry he caused his mother the Quorum of the active scouting families "With cordwood anxiety and the long walk that Twelve, and his in America. I paid a mason for

118 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "Youth is not altogether a time of life,"

mind. People grow old by deserting their

ideals."EaSccoaun President Richards says, "it is a state of 3tovace <reen tit f 3amilu

laying up a stone wall four and thirtyseven years after he became except two girls. The three eldest

onehalf feet high on the south side of Scout age, it was to play an imboys were too old to join the proof our lot. This was laid up with portant part in the life of President gram as Scouts, but the two younglime mortar. I hauled the lime, the Richards and the life of his large est registered. Oliver L. had reached

rock, and the sand with the oxen. family. Most men at fortynine the second class rank when his

"We put an addition of two have lived a good part of their lives. Scoutmaster was drafted in 1917

rooms on our house, the walls of But in 1910, when scouting came to and the troop became inactive. Ray

which were built of adobe,"he conAmerica, he saw in the program, became one of the best known tinued. "I hauled all the material, as did other leaders of the Church, Scouts in the United States. Bishop

tended the mason, and assisted with a chance to give our youth the type LeGrand has never been a Scout the work."of activity program they needed. but has been active as a Scouter.

Along with the other boys of his There was no question in his There are now thirty living time, President Richards learned mind but that the program was grandsons. Everyone of them is

to play as well as work. Many a divinely inspired. Lord Badenor has been a Scout. They have far

day he started for the canyon an Powell, he thought, had put into excelled the average record for hour or more "beit most of the eleadvancement. In the Salt Lake

fore the stars quit ments that a boy. Council, which is above the national

shining"in order to RTHUR A. SCHUCK, program should average, only about twentyeight

get a load of wood Chief Scout Execuhave. "On my honpercent of Scouts registering reach

and be home for a tive of the Boy Scouts or I will do my best the firstclass rank. Of the thirty

four o'clock ball of America, visited Presito do my duty to in the Richards family, twentyfive, game. He liked to dent Richards while in God,"the Scout or well over eighty percent, became

play marbles. BaseSalt Lake City recently oath started. The firstclass Scouts or better. Ten

ball was another and complimented him law ended with "A became star Scouts, three reached favorite sport. on having the largest Scout is Reverent."the life rank, and four have so far

thiris about Eagles. This President Richto become a supplement family in As scouting rank. the top percent teen making ards ordained was Priestthe Aaronic America. is far the national averThis above elder he an when

was fifteen and reage of between two percent and ceived his endowments at the Enthree percent.

dowment House. Shortly after this Of the thirtysix greatgrand-

his mother became very ill. Some sons, only four are now twelve

of the elders were called in to adyears of age or over. All four are

minister to her. She did not seem active in scouting. One is a star,

to be relieved of her intense sufferone a firstclass, one a secondclass, ing. and one a tenderfoot Scout. All are

"When they had gone, my mother still advancing.

called me to her bedside and reCollectively this is a wonderful quested that I administer to her,"record. There are thirtytwo greathe relates. "You may imagine how grandsons too young to become

I felt, young as I was, and never Scouts, but the family tradition will having undertaken to administer assure them all a chance to take alone in that sacred ordinance. part in the program.

"I went into another room, and, Individually, the record is just after shedding some tears and ofas impressive. Many of the group

fering up a fervent prayer, I rehave been Scouters; one is a field

turned to her room and performed executive in Hawaii. Any boy who

reaches the Eagle rank has an indithe ordinance of administration as best I knew how. Although my ARTHUR A. SCHUCK vidual story. There are five of

in agree, family. the All these howbrief, the prayer Lord was heard ideal. it was program hood ever, that the Ray, record made by her immediate gave and my prayer the through goes who boy "Any of Richards, President son youngest relief sleep. peaceful and the equivmerit has program badge is impressive. the most

"You may imagine the gratitude alent of a junior college education,"Ray Richards was born in Salt

I felt,"he concluded, "that the Lord President Richards said. "It is a Lake City on October 1 1 of the

would hear and answer the prayers valuable part of the program of the year scouting was born in America of one so young and inexperienced Church."forty years ago this month. He regin such a remarkable way."In 1882 President Richards maristered as a tenderfoot when he was

Although scouting was not to be ried Alice Almira Robinson. By twelve and advanced rapidly. He

founded in the United States until 1910 they had ten daughters and wasn't satisfied with the Eagle fortynine years after his birth and five sons. All of these are still living (Concluded on page 134)

FEBRUARY 1950 119 SPIRIT PATH.

vv >ketck of Jri H

By KARL E. YOUNG PROFESSOR OF ENGLISH, BRTGHAM YOUNG m UNIVERf

..

1 of tjidioit Above, piecesWhenbeen thehuntingarmeddownmenOldwhoPoseyhad craftsmanship. The

during the last Indian uprisline"or "spirit path"can"mindbe ing in Utah in 1920 found the old seen in three of the baskets.

Piute 2 warrior dead in a cave on a remote hillside, they discovered be- -:-> 7 rSKS

rifle his withered side body a and Bill jug. willow water Thea woven

rifle was a lever action Winchester ket is simple and bold. From a soft,

brown band of color midway up the such as could have been bought basket graceful black pyramids riseover any counter in a good country toward the rim; inverted pyramids store during the first twenty years

of the century, but the water jug fall from the same brown band tois all center. the there That ward

It special. was somethingwas

it, is is to effect strikbut the'a. with like a giant gourd shaped

ingly beautiful. Apart from the slender, tapering neck, and a beautifully symmetrical base. It was conartistic merit of the design, one

structed of long, smooth withes split of the most fascinating bits of folklore in all Indian art survives in from the tough shoots of the squawthis old pattern. It will be noticedbush that grows along canyon

that the design does not quite close. streams in Utah. The jug had been

line that breaks the narrow pitch The hot watertight by rollingmade is called anthropologists pattern by crevits inner surfaces. The all over

ices in the wovenwork had been the "mindline"or "spiritline."Acto cording the explanations, some the pitch on with sealed partially oldtime Sheep, Mountain Ute Maggie woman leaves basket the opening weaver River. She the the on Green wove Ouray a from also,, gave the and outside gum

split of basket out squawbush. evil for spirits to get the of out

of surface to the tinge brawnwarm spirits to for basket and good come piece It a vessel. handsomethe was

in. is that the explanation Another the and craftsmanship, Piute of

if respected fears Indians that by she continues of other weaver his given up chief, hadaged who tribes well as into part as to put people. of her white each mind by fightignorantly, life but bravely Down south of the Piute country the basket that she weaves, without

ing for his beloved Indian pattern get for the Navajos a place a leaving and Hopis have mind to used final his remtaken living, had of Piute shallow out, for their eventually basket she will back "go wedto with him Indian of the way nant for ding ceremonies that so crazy."long

last campfire. his

this special basket has In addition to the interest a become and such when been has day The fixed traditional of the part of the design beauty of Piute the wedding relawere Posey's as baskets Old

It the is of basket, ceremony Navajos. the durability of wedding especially in Utah, tively common in the is basket the the which sacred, sturbasket remarkable. So of oldtimers San of the in homes

it it is is blue handground, corn dily that constructed meal when counties. Many Grand and Juan to the is served her bride by a motherupside turned grown down man the of jugs water excellent woven

it her inlaw mother, and then of fear stand and without can on rail the from hung have must type it. to it fatherin-law father. her her and crushing withcan Moreover, in Redd's gallery the all around principals at the the After scuffing wedding stand beof years about or in Blanding, store fascinating

eaten each this corn have some of fore the withes tough squawbush stood on the shelves in Wing's the Piute meal, wedding basket the through. even then is wear And

Trading Post at Fort Duchesne, passed around for all of the guests basket does not come to pieces for the Piutes were artists of unto take a pinch of the bride's sacred when a few withes are broken. Alusual ability in the craft of basketry, meal and thus participate in the most never do the coiled squawbush

iSee The Outlaw of Navajo Mountain, Improveceremonies more intimately than cores give way, and the withes with spellings are: Pah'yut, Piute, Pauite. they would as mere spectators. which the cores are wrapped hold "Other

and their talents were known and The design of this wedding bastheir shape very stubbornly. Very

120 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA few wedding presents that are given example, trays for holding food, this direction, and articles varying today by white people could be expack baskets for carrying heavy from primitive "marketbags"to pected to outlast a Piute wedding loads, and broad, shieldshaped imwarm robes, in which fluffy feathers basket. plements for winnowing pine nuts were twined together with twisted

The art of basketry was deand other seeds. Such articles were bark, resulted from this kind of

veloped especially among nomadic made by interlacing or weaving toweaving. Still a third type of

Indians. Perhaps the chief reagether willows, slender twigs, or basketry may be distinguished in the

son for this lay in the fact that clay strips of wood carefully split or process of matting together reeds pottery could not hold up under the peeled from the sap wood of chosen and rushes for walls in dwellings, bumps and hard knocks that were trees or bushes. In the Utah area floor coverings, roofing, and other

inevitable when people were conthe squawbush provided the finest comparable uses.

tinually moving camp. Hence the material for this kind of weaving, From what has just been said

camp dwellers came to depend upon and the Utes and Piutes became exabout basketry, the reader may easdurable basketrytype water jugs perts at handling this stubborn raw ily conclude that it was in reality a and other woven household implematerial. Another type of fabricaprimitive process of textile manuments instead of earthen jars. tion was necessary when soft and facturing. Almost everything which

The baskets they wove took sevpliant articles were needed. Thus the Indian wove had first of all a

eral forms, according to the use to cradles called for twisting and twinpractical purpose. Later, when the

which they were put and the mateing of soft fibers on a rigid frameimmediate necessity had been satisrials out of which they were made. work. Grasses, bark, and roots fied, the craftsman could think of

Some items had to be rigid, as for lent themselves to the demands in decoration. The chief means of

decoration were dyes and paints which the Indian boiled down from vegetables or mixed up with clay

Native Americans at a roadside shelter where they and animal fats. Sometimes he put

symbols into his weaving because of some religious belief or superstitious (Continued on following page)

hMmm 9;z?'mi

fEBRUARY 1950 121 THE SPIRIT PATH (Continued from preceding page) thought about what the pattern Both baskets and blankets may forfear. But it would be wrong to meant—if it meant anything to her have been comparatively easy

suppose that every design or figure at all. nomadic tribesmen to work at, but

in a design meant something to the Let us turn our attention now for potterymaking generally required a

Indian who created it. Very fre- a few moments to rug and blanket more or less permanent location bequently the stars, crosses, zigzags, weaving. The practice of this craft cause of the fragile nature of the

triangles, and bars that appear in was greatly accelerated among Inclay vessels. Hence the Pueblo InIndian designs were employed simdians in the West after the arrival dians of the Southwest have become

ply because they appealed to the of the Spaniards in New Mexico the most distinguished pottery makweaver as being attractive. I have during the sixteenth and seventeenth ers, while the Navajo herdsmen and

a large beaded purse in my own centuries. Yarn made from sheep the tipidwelling (teepee) Apaches

collection with a design found noand goat wool was much easier and Piutes have become some of the where in Indian art. The woman to work and to control than the outstanding blanket and basket

who made the purse had copied a clumsy bark fibers and scarce cotton weavers. Oddly enough the ancient

medal such as soldiers used to wear, which native craftsmen had empotters of the Southwest region ribbon, pendant, and all. And she ployed before. Within a short time produced better pottery than Inliked it so much that she recopied it the Indians'inborn feeling for color dians of historic times. The shapes

on the purse. Even images that and line led them to create some of the vessels, the designs employed,

can be identified in nature, such of the marvelous fabrics which and the glaze or surfacing of anas the thunderbird (the eagle), made Navajo blankets so famous. cient pots was generally superior

scorpions, snakes, fishes, and leaves Some of the most beautiful early to those of more recent times.

of familiar plants often have no blankets were made by Indian Nevertheless, the methods used by particular significance. And when women who unraveled the fine yarn modern pottery makers seem to rethey do have significance for the from brilliant Spanish uniforms and semble closely those of prehistoric

weaver, it would be unsafe to suprewove it in typical Indian patterns. workers. Perhaps the commonest

pose that they would have the same These were the socalled bayetas, method is to build up a vessel by meaning for other Indians, even of blankets that are prized collectors'adding strips upon a clay base unthe same tribe. In other words the items today. til the desired height is reached.

use of images by artists was comOldtime blanket weavers almost Sometimes a basket is used to hold monly personal, and if they put never put a border around their the soft clay walls in shape until meaning into their patterns, the blankets. The pattern ran in bars they have hardened enough to set

meanings were individual rather or wavy lines from one edge of the well. The practice of forming the

than universal. The creator would blanket straight across to the other clay vessel within a basket may have

generally have to tell other Indians edge. Sometimes the lines were given rise to the "basket design,"

what his design meant if he inzigzagged, sometimes even broken which is common on Southwest pottended that they should know it. into fragments, but the pattern ran tery, for the damp clay must have

the from impression received the Some edge. to generalization may edge from same through The and the the basket, of wickerwork characterpat- this in designs or seen about experts have made be

terns in Indian pottery, blankets istic of oldtime pattern in blankets potter took advantage of this readyand beadwork. Though many the same precaution that led ancient made decoration.

symbolic elements exist in the basket weavers to leave the "mind Some of the earliest vessels had decorations, the symbolism is not line"in a basket design. However, painted decorations on the inside.

so common as white men are as Navajo blankets became famous, This fact may be accounted for by likely to suppose. Though the commercial interests led the Indian our knowledge that many pots were

stars, sun, their the with designs of to frame weavers representation suroutside fires, and the in used in some lightning enclose thus the "mind rain, borders, and and clouds, and grimy blackened became faces primithe within line""spirit made have line"or may way pleasing decoration. for unfit hence and effects pattern. feel that good tive Indians

would naturally follow, later arLater, when people found use for tists using the same motifs may clay vessels other than as cooking have had nothing in mind except atutensils, they began to paint and tractive decoration. As symbols beincise patterns on exterior surfaces.

come conventionalized, they lose in Certain tribes of Indians developed meaning. Even the interpretation of a very attractive style of design by

the "mind line"in the pattern of painting birds and deer or other the Piute wedding basket, which animals and plants on their pots.

was discussed above, may not be They thus gave life and motion to acceptable for any one basketmaker objects which never move. The

today. The woman who decided Zunis and Acomas have shown unto weave a wedding basket might usual taste in this direction. The

go ahead with the traditional patfact, that the animals have become tern that has always been used on stylized or conventionalized does wedding baskets without even a (Concluded on page 134) 122 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA How America's first service station was born

One day back in 1907, a Standard of Caliimproved products they sell... would

fornia man stood watching a line of impaprobably make them hard to recognize by tient motorists in goggles and linen dusters the men who developed the first station.

waiting to buy fivegallon cans of gasoline For the people of Standard today, as then, at Standard's Seattle plant. He had an idea continue to seek ways to make better prodfor serving customers more efficiently, more ucts—and to serve better the people who

conveniently. use them.

The next day a thirtygallon tank which had been a kitchen water heater was installed opposite the main gate at the plant.

To it were attached a valvecontrolled hose and a glass gauge... so gas could be poured

directly into the customers'cars.

That makeshift arrangement was the first service station in America.

Today there are more than 10,000 Company and Independent Dealer stations selling Standard of California products. The

services and conveniences they offer... the

FEBRUARY 1950 123 Weighting. Because various

women's groups in the United States combined their efforts successfully in having a law passed regarding silk labeling, there is little or no weighted silk on the market now.

Silk, according to law, may be weighted with metallic salts up to i5uri Jkepkerd, Cditor'seventyfive percent of the weight of the fabric, if it is so labeled. But

if the terms puredye silk, pure silk,

FABRIC FINISHES...

<J-Jo Lyon J\now Jheml

II Starch,""Apponized,""SaylerlabelsWill it wash? Will it iron? Will ized,""Wat-a-set"—but

it hold its shape for months change rapidly, and there is no it isof service? We all ask ourselves point in memorizing names;

and the salesclerks these questions, best to look for some identification often with quite unsatisfactory anof a permanent finish.

swers. This is the second article The "Wat-a-set"label on rayon

on fabric finishes designed to acdrapery material also carries a guarquaint the shopper with some of the antee to repel destruction by the or silk, are used, such fabrics may ways of modern clothing manufacsilver fish insect. In some localities contain no metallic weighting and

ture. this tiny culprit has been eating must not contain more than ten perits head off on rayons. The insect cent dyeing and finishing material,

is about onethird inch long, but so except black silk, which may contain fine in structure it can scarcely be fifteen percent. Weighted silks were

seen. It glides across moist surfaces never satisfactory from the standlike a fish, and no damage is appoint of durability because of splitparentlaundered—thenuntil thesmalldraperiesholes showare ting,tive effectsand becauseof sun,of thewater,destrucand

up. Insect repellency is another perspiration on them.

innovation in fabric finishes. (Continued on page 128}

BLUEPRINT

Photograph by Harold M. Lambert Studios

Sizing and Weighing

Sizing Starchless {Durable finALL OUR WEAKNESSES ishes of starching methods ): Home

past days are no longer needed on Assuming that we all have imMost of these undesirable elesuch fabrics as lawn, organdy, perfections and that most of us ments can be worked over to addotted swiss, net, and draperies. would do something about them vantage. Not all. There are some

These are now treated to retain if we just knew what to do, we now things we just have to accept—for

their permanent stiffness, and reapproach the discouraging task of instance, our general contour, our quire no addition of starch after listing all our weaknesses. Oh, my! height, and our birthdays. But

laundering. In this treatment the Well, it's not so bad. The worst these are no cause for grief. Many,

fiber fuzz is sealed down, and the mess we can possibly get into would many people can testify that our yarns are smooth, so the fabric be one including overweight, poor greatest trial may be our greatest feels smooth to the hand. They posture, bowed legs, dry, lifeless blessing, and that if we're smart,

keep clean longer, as dirt does not hair, bad breath, yellow teeth, dull we'll look for it.

become embedded in the fibers, and eyes, wrinkles, acne, rough hands, But it may cheer us up to look at are easily laundered. This finish broken nails, dirty elbows, negative the credit side of the ledger, and

is used on cotton, linen, and rayon. mental attitude, a couple of allerlist there our advantages. These

gies, and poor but they not be so numerous, taste in clothes. Can may

of others? thinknamesHere again—"Bellmanized,"there are many"Permatrade you for the important, are decidedly

124 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA *R t-heV

girl who is wideawake emphasizes her best feature, whether it be thick, shining hair, beautiful eyes, a wellproportioned figure, or simply grace on the dance floor. Everyone has

some attribute of beauty which may be outstanding, and this is the secret of individuality.

Take our voices, for instance not our singing voices, our speaking voices. For although first impressions may come from appearance,

second impressions, which are more lasting and vital, come when. we

open our mouths and speak. A

wellmodulated voice, good enunciation, correct grammar, and something interesting to talk about are Oh, lovely Blonde! My voice I raise,indispensable to the person who

would be charming. "Your voice,"'-:< Your tender, golden charms to praise:

"is really teacher,says one beauty belief, beyond I am soiled When inthe pointthe contact between 1 llllii relief. heralds prompt Your perfume world."outsideside the and you

{Continued on following page) 'Ann Ashton. "Classroom Notes,"page 20 Beneath your swiff and gentle care WmS8s*ffo shun all washday wear and tear.

And when with me you've had your way

I'm cleansed of 'TattleTale-ish'Gray.

All subsfifufes i now decline, OUP6 r on.i

Cave those potato peelings, carrot tops, celery, cabbage and spinach leaves for the soup pot. Rich

in vitamins A, B, and C, calcium and iron, they are the essence of good hot soup. They may be simmered together with water to cover

for half an hour, and the broth used as a basic stock for many soup varieties.

Tuna Chowder GOLDEN BAR OR GOLDEN CHIPS 1 medium onion, sliced1 tablespoon fat FelsNaptha Soap 1 cup boiling water or vegetable broth {Continued on page 127) BANISHES "TATTLETALE GRAY'

FEBRUARY 1950 125 All Our Weaknesses

(Continued from page 125) It is the sounding board of emotion.

It reveals what we think of ourfloor selves, what we think of others, what we know, and what we have become. S<?0fa6uc&&i A loud, coarse voice, for instance,

is usually associated with an undesirable person. Highpitched,

nasal, or raspy tones are also disagreeable to others. Few people

are blessed with naturally beautiful speaking voices, but those who are can be charming and attractive even though lacking many other beauty traits. Therefore, it behooves us, in our beauty plan, to

Enriched check up on our speech habits, for with vitamins and iron the man or woman who talks well

Royal Baking Co., Salt Lake and Ogden is more easily admired than one who

Since 1892 does not.

Voice recordings are always revealing, for we do not hear ourselves as others hear us, and a recording may be played over and over to reveal defects in speech.

Of Course—Also,asked, friendspoint outandinteachersa friendlymay,wayif

our speech weaknesses. The causes

of poor speech are many and varied, IT'S ELECTRIC!

making speech correction an individual problem. But all of us may

A service that performs learn gentler voice tone, clearer speech, and good grammar. Many

many, many household books on voice training are availtasks able, and we would all do well to read at least one.

We may learn much about our- A service that costs so selves and our voices by developing a sensitivity to the reactions of little and does so much. others when we speak; for instance,

Your f/ectric SeTNQrA do people on the bus turn and look when we talk in what we think are normal tones? Does the one we're

talking to wince or look annoyed ocUTAH POWER & LIGHT CO casionally, or does he ask us to repeat what we have said?

We might also choose an ideal to watch and study, for most of us if are alert deal learn a good we w are doing and others to what "BURNED OUT ing. saysaid that REALLY MEANS BURNED OUT TODAY Elbert Hubbard has

the way to get a mild, gentle, and voice is to be mild, A fire may mean you are out of a place to live with sympathetic And gentle, and sympathetic. tremendous added expense before you find another. perhaps, after all, as far as most of

Let us explain your need for ample insurance to us are concerned, it is our attitude cover today's higher values. toward life and toward others which

UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY determinesday write withwhethera flourishwe "theshallvoiceone

HEBER I. GRANT & CO., General Agent, Salt Lake City with a smile"on the credit page of

our personal achievements.

126 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Soup's On! (Continued from page 125) 3 teaspoons salt 3 potatoes, washed and sliced, not peeled 1 7-oz. can tuna

1 cup peas, cooked 3 cups milk

Saute onions in tuna oil or other fat.

Add water, salt, and potatoes. Simmer

until potatoes are cooked (about fifteen minutes ), then add tuna, peas, and milk. Heat and serve. Minced parsley or other herb favorites may be

added for flavor.

Corn and Tomato Chowder

34 cup minced onion Ys cup diced celery 2 cups raw potatoes, diced 2 cups boiling water or vegetable broth 1 bay leaf Y2 teaspoon basil 2 tablespoons butter 2 cups corn, cooked \y2 cup milk 1 cup tomatoes 4 teaspoons salt Yi cup grated cheese is Tie seasonings in small bag, and Which butter, celery, onion, place with poMrs. Collins 1

tatoes, kettle, water in covered and

till tender. the are potatoes and cook PET BABY?

of seasonings. the bag Remove Add

stir till ingredients other the cheese and f0(/# 4U is melted. fill strong bodies is enough to wee baby One and to make the best your whole world with happiness. of growth. Always easy to digest.

Leek and Potato Soup But Mrs. Collins discovered that Every drop uniformly rich in the

4 leeks, minced (use the white and a mother's love is big enough lor food substances of good whole in its stork paid safe, the her as an milk. sealed when And part of the green) four, I

visit in if hosas there container, amazing York were no a New 1 small onion 2 tablespoons butter pital on May 4, 1949. harmful germs in the world. He

too, this that supplies knew, mdk 1 quart water or vegetable broth joy, In the of midst Mrs. her vitamin sunshine the vitamin D—salt 2 teaspoons Collins serious questions. had some all in babies have to must order potatoes, 3 diced all care her loving bring Would straight, strong develop bones and 2 milk cups safely babies her through? They

teeth. sound

tiny, their so delicate so that were::!'leeks are the Put onions in babies Collins and saucepan today? How lives could a single hang upon with fat. Cover and cook till soft. thing: the right food. Thriving—just as five other setsAdd water, salt, potatoes, and cook. of quadruplets, hundreds of trip- f

Add hot milk when ready to serve. Happily, this problem was solved lets, thousands of twins and singlyMeaty-flavored extract such as Savita when a wise physician approved born babies axe thriving on milk

or Vegex, bouillon cubes, or other meat milk made by the producers of made by the producers of Sego extracts may be added for flavor. Sego Milk for their feeding. He Milk, on doctors'orders. Ask your

knew that this milk is the kind of doctor about Sego Milk for your

Creamed Vegetable Soup milk that helps all babies to build baby

Using any available green leaves, carrot tops, etc., as mentioned in para- %zm

graph one, add thick peelings of potatoes, a cup of diced parsley, diced, This beaunful 64page illustrated book thai unpeeled carrots, and simmer together easierDozensforofyoutheto mostcare forimportantand trainquestionsyour babyabout the care onehalf hour. Mash through a sieve, and training of youi baby are answered in this handy book

Approved a Praised by wellknown doctor enthusiastically possible. retaining all pulp cream Add over by mothers America Send for your free copy of

thishelpful today allbook taste. or rich milk season to This and

may be thickened with a little flour SEGO MILK PRODUCTS COMPANY and milk mixture, if desired. Salt Lake City, Utah

FEBRUARY 1950 127 FABRIC FINISHES (Continued from page 124) accomplished under heat and presMercerization sure.

Mercerization is a chemical finish Water Repellents which is widely used today to give Waterproofing cottons and linens greater strength and to enable them to take a clearer, What is the difference between a brighter, and more permanent dye. waterrepellent garment, and one

The process changes the structure that is waterproof? RSWAY of cotton fibers, taking out the Water repellents are chemicals

twists which give the fabric its inwhich penetrate only the fibers of herent dullness, effecting and the cloth a leave and the "pores"OVERHEAD TYPE lasting pleasing and shine so that on the open air can permeate material. It consists of a caustic and the garment is comfortable to GARAGE DOORS them,

soda bath and a mild acid rinse, wear. Waterproofing is a coatfor RESIDENTIAL

COMMERCIAL INDUSTRIAL PFLECEBEN BUILDINGS

Expert Installation U Jswiporbarit, but.

BY RICHARD L. EVANS

For Further Information CALL OR WRITE Cuppose that someone who needs something approaches us for some service—a service that is reasonable and

honorable and easily within our reach. And suppose that

we hide behind the actual or alleged fear of precedent in 1343 ALDER'SSo. Main Salt Lake City refusing the favor. In short, suppose we say: "I'd like

7-1531 to do it for you, but if I do it for you, I'll have to do it for everyone. I am so sorry."Certainly this sounds like

logic, and certainly it can be used as a convenient way out.

But let's see where such logic could lead: Suppose that

a boat overturns and there are several men in danger

ALL-O-WHEAT ofwe drowningcan't saveandall weof refusethem. toTosaveaddanyotherof themillustrations:because

Suppose that if we can't go to everyone's party, we assume CEREAL that we shouldn't go to anyone's party; suppose that if

The Best and Most Healthful we can't invite everyone to dinner, we don't invite anyone

Cereal for Your Family to Eat! to dinner. These are samples of what such seemingly

simple logic could lead to if pursued to absurdity. We

The All -0- Wheat know to begin with that, individually, we can't do someuse only People the thing for everyone. But should this be construed as a

selectcarefully most ed wheats with highvalid reason why we shouldn't do anything for anyone?

est food values. The fact is that if we didn't ever do anything for anyone

They are skillfully that we couldn't do for everyone, we would never do milled to retain all anything for anyone. Of course, precedent is important; of the food values

nature intended them and departure from precedent can be embarrassing. And

to haveIT'S STEEL CUT certainly under some circumstances we may be clearly prevented by precedent; under some circumstances we

ALL-O-WHEAT IS may be clearly bound by invariable rules and by the intent let the premise DELICIOUS to the Taste and letter of the law. But if we always

of precedent prevent us from doing something we could

NUTRITIOUS to the Body do and should do, we may never do very much of anyEASY TO PREPARE thing for anyone else or for ourselves, either. When the

VERY ECONOMICAL to use right of discretion and decision is ours, and when the

Try a package of ALL-O-WHEAT and facts seem to justify, just because we can't do something note its DELICIOUS FLAVOR, for everybody is no reason why we shouldn't do something evidence that the entire wheat berry for somebody. If we wait until we can do something for is present

everyone, we'll never do anything for anyone.

Ask Your Grocer Today For ALL-O-WHEAT Uke Spoken lA/ord FROM TEMPLE

Or Write to ALL-O-WHEAT CO. SQUARE PRESENTED OVER COLUMBIA BROADOgden, Utah CASTING SYSTEM, DECEMBER 4, J 949

128 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ing applied to close the pores of the cloth and keep water from going through. Since it also keeps air

from going through, garments so treated are uncomfortable in warm weather and are detrimental to health.

There are two types of water repellents, both of which make fabrics resistant to water, rain, snow, and nonoily spots: (a) durable

in which chemicals are used to impregnate the yarn fibers and will not wash out; they are applied to

cottons, linen, viscose rayon, silk, or mixtures; (b) nondurable—in

which a waxtype chemical is used to coat the yarn. This finish will

need to be replaced after washing or dry cleaning, but many cleaning establishments are equipped to give this service. The finish may be

applied to any fabric.

The label should state whether or not the treatment is durable for the normal life of the fabric. Otherwise

the garment likely will not be water repellent after the first cleaning.

"Zelan"is a trade name for a durable finish, as is "Cravenette"if the label also states "long life.""Aridex"and "Impregnole"are nondurable finishes.

Finishes are NeverEnding

There are other finishes: Flock

dots applied to cottons are not permanent unless they are electrically applied and not pasted on; the tests included different lots of hay,

it of weather—some is to finish applied moire rayons

hay curing. Expert MAKES STILL HIGHER andvery apoorvarietyfor ofhay

is unless fabric the not permanent QUALITY HAY graders did the judging. They found

acetate rayon; design finishes emthat the ventilated bales averaged

bossed under pressure) (stamped in grade. higher puts consistently for SlicerBaler 1950 Case The are not a fabric permanent on and still higher of hay feed to it's Plan now only the ventilated up bales—and

if careful require handling the finish... concengrain save and quality baler, It's a proved does. that baler

is to be retained. already used by more farmers than trates...put more meat on the ribs

pail. See your The dry goods department manany other. And remember—it's the and more milk in the

it little learn dealer how now; Case less to own. that costs slicerbaler information ager supply on may

SlicerCase your have to costs own colagricultural years, an For two fabrics are or mildew which moth others. And waiting on Baler, avoid bales and ventilated lege compared resistant, resistant, flame permatoday. coupon, the to use side. be sure side bales, The by ordinary

nently glazed, or even germproof for cotton. PASTE ON PENNY POST CARD FOR FREE BOOKLETS

finishes Since are conlabels and any in margin write you; that interest machines Mark

is stantly there changing, no defiDept. B-44, Co., I. Case others you may need; mail to J.

nite guarantee of buyersatisfaction Racine, Wis.

Harvester Forage Baler HeavyDuty SlicerBaler O their materials D asks for if one by

Forage Blower Baler Light Power TrailerMower D D If trade creasenames. Mill we want Elevator Hammer 3-Way Tractor Rake Q D D

resistant cotton, we must ask for NAME creaseresistant cotton and make sure the label states that it is treated POSTOFFICE so. Otherwise the purchase is "a RFD STATE,

(Continued on following page) FEBRUARY 1950 129.

Pleasant... Soothing... Healthful

ALVITA FOENUGREEK TEA (Concluded from preceding FABRICpage) FINISHES Bibliography The Natural Herb Tea pig in a poke."Instructions as to Dana, Margaret, Behind the Label

proper care of material are also imBoston: Little Brown & Co., 1938.

portant, for a finish permanent to "Dictionary for Textile Fabrics, dry cleaning may not be permanent Films, Fibers, and Finishes for in the wash water. On the other the Postwar World,"House

Now hand, a finish which is temporary Beautiful, February 1946.

Only today be may made permanent toHess, Katherine P. Textile Fibers

$1.10 if so, morrow, and the label will and Their Use. B. Lippincott J.

tell the story. Co., 1936.

Clothing and textiles, like food, "Manual of Fabric Finishes,"Pubare indispensable essentials in life, lished by Hearst Magazines for and though it is often difficult to Good Housekeeping Magazine.

Healrhy habits mecin healthier... hapkeep up with scientific use and Wingate, Isabel. Textile Fabrics.

living. pier Make ALVITA FOENUGREEK abuse of them, to do so is profitable. PrenticeHall, Inc., 1935. TEA one of your daily beverages. Drink il

often, you'll agree it's the best tea you've ever tried. It's pleasant... soothing and

often relieves the distressing discomforts of acid upset stomach, sourness, stomach gas and belching. tea Foenugreek does

not contain is it DO'S AND DON'TS FOR THE PARTY habit forming drugs, nor a laxative. TRY IT TODAY!

OTHER ALVITA FAVORITES hat to do, what to say! The do"not "I am pleased to meet you"

or formal party is similar. the something on is way! ALFALFA oz $.35 Neither TEAW2 W

oz. ALFALFAMINT TEA4V2.40 $ it takes girl always her partgood form to so pleased 1 A say "I am ALFALFA TABLETS200.95 $

Ask For ner's right arm at a formal ball, or to have met you,"as this is rather

ALVITA BRAND PRODUCTS on entering the dining room at a affected. Say preferably, "I hope

If Your Health Food Store Cannot Supply formal dinner. I shall see you again."

You—Write Direct!

P. O. Box 96 Sta. C Pasadena, Calif. 2. A boy always thanks his part10. When a boy is introduced to

ner for a dance. She may say a group, his name is not repeated

"Thank you"or reply "I enjoyed to each person. It is best to menit, too."tion his name first, and then to name

ivmamrj PIKES PEAK crowd3. In ontryingthe toballroompress throughfloor, thethe the11.members"I don'tof mindthe group.if I do"is unboy precedes the girl. He does not gracious.and affected. A simple

FLOUR use her as a bumper to clear the "Yes, thank you"or "Thank you path. very much"is better. Simplicity

With FOUR 4. A girl does not parade across always makes for better manners.

Extra Baking the ballroom unescorted. 12. It is bad taste for either a

Advantages 5. A boy does not leave his partgirl or a boy to use a comb or nail

SALT LAKE FLOUR MILLS ner to shift for herself at any time. file in public.

425 West 5th South He makes sure she has another 13. Profanity is always in bad

Salt Lake City, Utah partner or is otherwise appropriatetaste.

ly taken care of. 14. Chewing gum in public dePROFITABLE DAYS other6. Ifthanthereforis dancing,music at ita isparty,exboytractsor girl.from the appearance of a

AHEAD FOR tremely rude to talk or move about 15. The social gesture of greatest

while it is going on. Guests who do importance in public is not to make OUISH not care for it should go to another any gesture which is conspicuous.

it starts. It is good manners in a restaurant or GRADUATES room before

Capitalize on QUISH 7. At the punch table, if there at a dance not to be noticed for

You'll training now! be a is no one to serve, the boy serves anything but good looks or smart competent beautician when

graduated. QUISH proboth himself and his partner. The appearance. vides you with technical

and knowledge gained girl ENROLL does herself. not serve 16. likes to always be told A girl in 25 SEND FOR

8. NOW FREEskill introduced well, the looks compliOn being whether to a boy, she years.CATALOG TODAY!

SCHOOL OF a girl may either bow slightly or ment comes from a man or a woman.

It is taste, however, for a boy bad lavish compliments. a girl pay BEBUTV331 SOUTHCULTUREMAIN ashakeboy handsor girlif shecomesprefers.into a Whenroom to

full of people, it is courteous to 17. If her partner is not present,

shake hands with everyone unless a girl helps another girl into her

DRINK there are too many people, or some coat. Fellows always help each

are difficult to reach. The guests other.

should always 18. shake hands with the not along does walk A boy A delightful

hostess. host and the street with his a girl with arm hot beverage for those

who don't drink coffee. 9. When being introduced, it is through hers. He may take it briefly

YOUR GROCERS best to say simply "How do you at a curb, or ask her to take his if 130 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA it is slippery, but it is always an occasion, not an everyday gesture.

19. A boy always walks on the

outside, that is, nearest the street, 'pMta$whether he is with one girl or two or three. He does not walk between two girls. In a taxi or car

which he is not driving, he sits "i iiiimiraiiiiriiMTiiii it r. Son the left side if he is with one X

girl or between them if there are >r-"*two. He alights from a car, street- m\mc

car,'or bus ahead of the lady, in order to assist her in getting out. Say housewives in

20. A young woman always gives Kist SACRAMENTO, CALIFORNIA

a young man every opportunity to where every year an increasing

If he manners. gracious display of choose number women

Guaranteed f* up must cover do so, she does not in preference StarKist Housekeeping Good Tuna by M2 his errors as best she can and make to other brands!

no sign by word or look that he is lacking in social graces. If she does because only the smaller tuna are

not enjoy his company, she need not go with him again. packed under the StarKist Tuna labels

STARKIST TUNA is naturally '/ of Skates A Pair tender, naturally tastier, because tenWBJJ are tastiness derness and natural favorite ikSrecipes of Stars: Barbara FREE—(Continued from page 106) qualities tuna. smaller of the Fred You Stanwyck, MacMurray, Bing

to trying around, skated He think can't buy finer tuna at any price! StarKistCrosby, Tuna,FibberTerminalMcGeeIsland,andCal. MollyDept. 3dhis speed to increase of some way

just a little. A little was all he Buy either FANCY SOLID PACK or CHUNK STYLE,

would need. He was sure of that. Both are the same fine StarKist quality!

When he came back over by the bonfire, he met Verne.

"Hi,"Verne said casually.

"Hello,"Joe replied.

"I'd like to talk with you alone a minute,"Verne said.

Joe looked a little surprised. Maybe this was it. Maybe Verne would

try to buy his way in, because he knew Joe wanted those skates.

"All right,"he said. Might as

well find out, anyway.

They went off to the side a little.

Then Joe noticed Verne had an extra pair of skates with him. Swell

ones, just like his own. They sat

down on a log.

Verne said quietly, "I think you or I will win our race today. If I

win, I want it to be all fair and square. I know your skates aren't

very good, so I thought maybe you'd wear these. Then if I win,

I'll know you had just as good a chance as I did."

Joe swallowed. Then he grinned,

a little shamefaced. BEST BREAD IDEA OF THE MONTH -For.he,.

"I really shouldn't take them, afterschool snacks, or a children's party, try these tempting Sweet

Verne,"he said, "but I'm going to."Bits. Start with toasted slices of Fisher's Enriched White Bread, cut

"I'm glad,"Verne said. "And if in half. Mark the pieces of toast in squares with a piping of cream

you ever want to borrow them cheese, then in one square place strawberry jam; in another square

again, you may."put apricotpineapple jam. A pastry tube is just the thing for adding

When it was time for the race, the cheese. And for flavorful sandwiches every time, be sure you

the boys lined up. There were use Fisher's Enriched White Bread. No wonder folks call Fisher's—

(Concluded on following page) bread at its best!

FEBRUARY 1950 131 A PAIR OF SKATES (Continued from preceding page) time a frank, friendly his was smile. that'll "Gee, be swell,"Verne plenty of them running, his knew but to He mother now was right. smiled this frankly time, and

Verne and Joe there were only the He had to do something to fix saw that everything was going Joeto two of them. Neither had any things up right. be all right.

worries about anyone else. "Mother said I could have some He felt at ease now. "Let's go

Joe found the new skates giving of the fellows up for doughnuts over and watch the rest of the him a little more speed, a little more after the carnival,"he said. "Will races,"he said, and they skated off

sureness. But he wasn't sure it you come?"together.

was enough. Verne had always

outdistanced him before. Maybe

he still would.

At the starting gun, they sprang into action. In the first fifty yards Jke Londuct of

they began to string out. Then Joe

and Verne came out in front, each striving to outdo the other.

The race was to the end of the pond, around a post frozen in the BY RICHARD L. EVANS

ice, and back to their starting line.

cutting began They to wide make 'J'here is an bid Oriental proverb which reads, "The the turn the around post. Then

Joe found he was going to be on reputation of a thousand years may be determined the by conduct hour."'of one Sometimes not it may the outside of the turn. tried He to seem be just and fair for such short intervals to be so to increase so speed as to get ahead

of Verne and take the inside track allimportant—for things that matter so much to be made

and unmade by the act of one moment—or for the labor around the post, but it was impossible. Verne held with him. Then of a lifetime to be laid low by one illadvised hour. But

they cut in to make the turn, and it isn't the length of time that matters so much as what

Joe had to drop behind. Stroking goes before, or what has happened inside, to make any

foot over foot they came around. particular act or action possible—the qualities of charAs they passed the post, Joe cut acter, the habits, the thinking that precede our performmore sharply in and took the inance. Some things we do, no doubt, are only inadvertent

side track. By so doing he picked acts, and some may be unmistakable accidents; but there

up the few feet he had lost when is a set of background circumstances that leads to every they started around the turn. act and incident. The word that can't be recalled, the

As they came into the home deed that can't be undone-—these may be only occurstretch in a dead heat, Joe glanced rences of carelessness, or they may be evidence of someaside at Verne. His own breath thing more significant inside. Of course, we all make

was coming hard, but Verne's mistakes, but when a man makes a serious mistake, he seemed to be coming harder. With must expect to be placed on probation in the opinion of

new hope, Joe struck out in a sprint other people until they satisfy themselves as to whether over the last hundred yards. Gamely the mistake was an inadvertent error or an indication of

Verne held with him. But it some corrosion of character, some lack of loyalty, some

couldn't last. Because Verne was perversion of principle. Of course, people can repent,

not one of the gang, he hadn't and when repentance is sincere, we must accept it. We

skated as much as Joe, and his wind can and must forgive a repentant person for a momentary wasn't as good. Slowly Joe pulled misstep. But it is often easier for men to forgive than

ahead, an inch at a time. Verne to forget, and somehow old errors may keep cropping

this is only one reason, besides what happensmade one last desperate attempt to up—and

it is so everlastingly important to be on pull out ahead, but Joe held his inside, why lead. They flashed over the finish guard against the illadvised action of any one moment,

line within a few feet of each other. of any one hour, or of all the hours of life. The reputaJoe knew that was the hardest tion of a lifetime—and many things more important even

race he ever had run. He also knew than reputation—may be determined by the conduct of

he couldn't have won it if Verne one hour or by the misstep of a moment. There is no

hadn't lent him the good skates. doubt of it, there is a premium paid for constancy and

is a premium paid for Both of them were puffing hard consistency of performance—there

as Verne skated up to Joe. enduring consistently to the end.

"Congratulations,"he said, smil- 'Japanese Proverb ing that casual friendly smile that asked nothing, that seemed afraid Jke Spoken (A/ord from temple of being rebuffed. SQUARE PRESENTED OVER COLUMBIA BROADCASTING SYSTEM. DECEMBER It. 1949

Joe smiled in return. But this

THE IMPROVEMENT ER*.

"ill Raise Row Crop Profits

! with an OLIVE R Row Crop

An Oliver Row Crop tractor is your perSee your Oliver dealer before spring fect choice for planting and caring for a field work begins. From the full line of

wide variety of row crops. Its six for31 Oliver Row Crop matched impleward speeds give you the proper working ments and attachments, you can select

pace for any practice. Conveniently the mounted equipment that meets your

grouped controls and a revolutionary exact needs. What's more, these mountrubber torsion spring seat provide ed tools are basically interchangeable

unequalled comfort and handling ease among the Oliver "66", "77"and "88"... enable you to stay on the job longer models. The Oliver Corporation, 400

and accomplish more. West Madison Street, Chicago 6, Illinois.

i V.P

br

A parallelogram coupling keeps Oliver tractor mounted tilling, planting and cultivating tools on an even keel. These diagrams show how the gangs always stay level

and are permitted to float independently.

The Oliver Corporation F14-2 400 West Madison Street, Chicago 6, 111. OLIVER

literature on Please send me tractors. ) Mounted tools. (i FINEST IN FARM MACHINERY 9 '( Crop ( ) Row

Name

Post Office r.

Rural Route........Stare 'v Oliverin "66",6 basic"77"typesandand"88"8 variationstractors are built

FEBRUARY 1950 133 THE SPIRIT PATH (Concluded page 122) from metrical to as believe make one that of sterling in them, and the bracenot detract it the vitality from which could not have been shaped lets exout of this made silver wore they give to the objects they adorn. cept a potter's upon wheel. But smooth and developed a lustre

Some of the most beautiful modIndians have never adopted the great beauty. of

ern Indian pottery is fashioned at wheel. Their pots are formed freeIn this brief discussion I have

Santa Clara and San Ildefonzo. In hand. mentioned only Indian arts that

both of these pueblos a glossy Indians all over the West have have already found a place in the black and a tawny sandred finish found Navajo silver work to their white man's way of life. The proare given to vessels. Both colors liking. The Navajos learned silver ficiency which Indian craftsmen

are obtained from the same kind of from the Mexicans and became very have developed in beadwork and clay. is a The difference result of the proficient, at making various kinds embroidery, leatherwork, the and

firing process. The black is achieved of articles for use and adornment. use of feathers in costuming is uniwhen the smoke from the caked Belt buckles, buttons of all sizes, versally appreciated in the West.

sheep manure with which the pots pins, rings, and necklaces were Indian art is individual and strong, are burned is carefully controlled. pounded out of Mexican coin silver and our own art will be added to

The carbon combines with the clay with very primitive tools. Mexican and strengthened as we learn to

to produce the fine black. dollars, which the Indians melted assimilate more fully the ideas and

Some Indian pottery is so symdown, had a very high percentage patterns of our red brothers.

THE SCOUTING FAMILY OF PRESIDENT GEORGE F. RICHARDS

Concluded from page 119) returned he home, so When Ray for his much family that led rank, but( went on to the conquer in continued the program. to him accept He this a position year field of merit It badges. takes to Springville moved bewhere he the on executive board of the Salt twentyone to become Eagle. an a commissioner, came and he earned Lake Council.

time By the Ray eighteen was he merit more badges as they were is scouting had "Where earned properly seventyfour of the to the added program. now He used,"President states, seventysix "it Richard merit available. badges

still is has eightynine and working will for the do much other in Only boys one of our Scout the United in scouting his with son Donald, Church. year, This States the that fortieth had many. was He is firstclass a who seeking Scout the anniversary the of Gibbs, program, of theWendell Ray's own Ram Eagle.

Patrol in Troop 39. They lacked Boy Scouts of America has adopted

only canoeing and seamanship, and Although President Richards will the slogan, 'Strengthen the Arm be eightynine on February 23, of Liberty.'these weren't given locally at that

is still 1950, he a young man. time. ideal of in "The freedom America is 'Youth not altogether a of time That same year attended the Ray has in been basic belief our ever life,""it is he says, a state of International in Jamboree England. since our Church was founded by mind. People old desertgrow by honorsHe won many there while Smith Joseph through revelation. their ing ideals."and recognized was internationally Liberty is The Crusade another

for his scouting achievements. After "We are as young as our faith, indication that the ideals of scoutthe Jamboree he stayed on in Euas old as our despairs."ing follow the ideals of the Church

rope to fill an L.D.S. mission in It was this spirit of youth and of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Germany. love for the program that has done Saints."

ANN M. CANNON

{Continued from page 107) published in book form in 1914. their own personalities were lost in

This committee had two fundaWith Mae Taylor Nystrom's sugthe magnificent wealth and beauty mental aims: to create a means to gestion that the organization be they presented in their book, the

train girls for rich Latterday Saint called the BeeHive Girls, the patBee-Hive Handbook.

womanhood; to develop an organtern of symbolism was complete. The art work was contributed by

ization that would represent the In 1915 the organization of the young Latterday Saint artists,

Church and the state. BeeHive Girls was presented to among whom were Rena Olson and

The Camp Fire Girls used Indian the Y. L.M.I.A. as summer work. Lucile Cannon. They put into

symbolism to represent American The first handbook represented design the chosen symbols of the girlhood. What symbolism would arduous labor by the committee. organization, its three ranks and

best represent Latterday Saint girlThese women had worked with seven fields; they created the seals,

hood? Out of the past came the complete and loving unity. They and the covers, borders, and ilBook of Mormon word, "Deseret,"heaped together all their past exlustrations for the book itself.

which means "honeybee."And to perience and present study, their inAnn M. Cannon as chairman

amplify and glorify the state symbol spiration, and their eager desire for loved to tell of the harmony and inof the beehive, came Maurice perfection. Then they selected and spiration that attended the efforts

Maeterlinck's Life of the Bee, only discarded, chose and criticized, until of all the people who built the Bee134 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Hive work in those early days. She visited Zion Park when it was only several of his pictures. Her interest

would mention gratefully the stake a small settlement and made various in art was constant throughout her and ward presidents who cooptrips over the country. She came life. The needlepoint she stitched

erated and adjusted and reported home speaking enthusiastically of was unusual, of rare colors and deresults to the main committee. the fine women in the then distant signs. In her late sixties she took

She had learned early to coopoutposts of the Church: Shiprock, up pottery making. She gloried in

erate with committees, and to give Mesa, Cardston. the feel of the clay and its power

each member full credit for her Twice she represented the Young for beauty. She was one of the

share in accomplishment. From Women's Mutual Improvement Asorganizers of the Art Barn and was

childhood she had worked in the sociation at the National Council of always active in its affairs.

Church, and as early as 1891, she Women, in Washington. She took At the time of her graduation

began her forty years of service on her fifteenyear-old niece, Adele from the University of Deseret in the general board of the Young Cannon, to one of these conven1886 at the age of sixteen, she was

Ladies'Mutual Improvement Astions. Her contacts with the im- a slim, pretty girl. Among her

sociation, later changed to Young portant women of the time were teachers were John R. Park, J. H.

Women's Mutual Improvement Asthrilling to Ann M. Cannon, and Paul, George M. Ottinger, the

sociation. "She was a power in the she enjoyed telling of their hospitalpioneer Utah artist. At the celebraadministration"of Elmina S. ity and appreciation of the Utah tion of the fiftieth anniversary of

Taylor, first general president. delegates. her graduation, she helped organize

Nineteen years she was general secAnd all this time Ann Cannon the U of U Emeritus Club.

retary, then a position without fiwas earning her own living. Her In 1926, Ann M. Cannon joined

nancial remuneration. She inaugubrother, George M. Cannon, began Lucy M. Van Cott on a memorable

rated the roll books with duplicate teaching her business principles voyage to Europe. While there she

annual report blanks still in use when she was thirteen. She convisited the Isle of Man, the hometoday. For ten years she was tinued an active business life until land of her Cannon ancestors. She

general treasurer. She was long she was seventyfive. She was an formed an acquaintance with Mr.

a member of the Board of Control expert bookkeeper; she had a clear and Mrs. William Cubbon, then

of the Deseret Gymnasium. understanding of real estate transcurator of the Manx Museum.

Perhaps she loved best the five actions. For five and a half years Through the years she correyears when she was editor of the she was Salt Lake County deputy sponded with Mr. Cubbon, mostly

Young Woman's Journal. Always recorder, and for a long period she regarding genealogical work. Beshe had responded to literature. Her was associated with the Prudential cause of her interest in Manx

bookshelves at home held volumes Building and Loan Association. records and her influence in having

of the classics: Plato, Aristotle, During these active years she was them microfilmed, she was made a

Shakespeare, Goethe, Dickens, John making a home for her father and member of the Antiquarian Society

Stuart Mill. There were books by invalid mother, Angus Munn and of the Isle of Man, and her picture

American poets: Bryant, LongSarah Mousley Cannon. This home now hangs in the museum of that

fellow, Walt Whitman. And from was a haven of culture and hapfaraway island.

the Church works, from the piness for all the numerous nieces Ann M. Cannon died November

fearless audacity of her ancestors, and nephews, actual and spiritual. 9, 1948. But in reality she has

she believed that her own ( Anyone who felt the sweetness of joined George Eliot's people could themselves produce her spirit called her Aunt Annie.)

great literature. So, she sought out Here they could read from the ChoirOf thoseinvisibleimmortal dead who live again

the new Church writers: the poetry crowded bookshelves; they could In minds made better by their presence.

of Kate Thomas, the editorials of study the magnificent paintings on

Susa Young Gates, the stories of the walls; they could learn the saga Her whole attitude in life is well

Elsie C. Carroll and Josephine of the artistic Fairbanks family. expressed by the "Honey GatherSpencer. She invited contributions During one period they could meet er's Song."

of Church Authorities of literary John Hafen, for he was painting Out in the dewsparkling dawn I dart ability. Always she was alive to the grandmother's portrait. He was not Straight to the fragrant flower heart,

points of view of her predecessors. famous then, and Ann Cannon was HoneySkies areliesbluehiddenand everywhere,days are fair,

Always she strove to make the a true friend to him when she bought Joy to gather my share.

publication represent the best the

Mutual Improvement Association had to offer.

Annie Cannon never called the VARSOVIENNE organization the Mutual. spoke She (Continued 109) page from voice His and Elaine warm, was of it always as ImproveMutual I'm sure "Now, can you really thanking he them was do it,"knew

ment. For of what else was life they were told when they came back for his regained composure. The

made? together. "It's easy. Just sweep, rest of the evening was a nightconvention Her trips led her into step, glide. Sweep, step, glide."mare. Paul gay, and was gay—too all sorts of adventures. she Once brittle Elaine felt as ice. When

and her companions were marooned |Daul's eyes sought Elaine's. "I'm was over. Paul steered her to hisit

in a stagecoach by a washout on sure we can do it,"he said. car.

the desert of southern Utah. She "Thank -you."[Continued on following page)

FEBRUARY 1950 135.

Varsovienne

(Continued from preceding page)

"Craig wouldn't like that,*'she DON! FAINT... "I'll drop you off,"he said.

when your hubby flies home said, thinking aloud. "I'd better

some night with improved get a cab."

"I'm no claim jumper,"said Paul '< // tightly, and Elaine, feeling rather silly, got in.

"Paul,"she said, when they were nearing the hall. "I want you to

I have always cherished and demands tuna cutlets! know that

Made with "Bitesize"tuna, it's your friendship."

a "heman"dish if there ever "Sounds like a speech,"said it. was one... something a fellow Paul. "But I know you mean

can really get his teeth into! You'll always have my friendship,

Elaine.""I'm afraid not,"said Elaine unhappily. "You see, Craig—

"I see,"said Paul, and was silent.

"Paul, I'm going to resign from

I have some other theobligations—stake board.

PAC "Resign! You can't do that,

i/i OZ.AVOI"'Elaine."JALTP IN SOYBEANADDED OIL / jzea 6

"I think it would be better."

"You're right, Elaine. This won't BltfW8 do, but if there is any resigning to

do, I'll be the one."

"No. I have to anyway. You Trademark of Van Camp Sea Food Co. Inc., Terminal Island, Calif.

see "Craig?""Yes, Craig!"admitted Elaine.

"Oh, Paul, doesn't the Bible say all else, and cleave—you should leave

first—"The'"PaulBiblesaidsays,gruffly."Seek ye

Ulaine didn't see Craig's car when they drove up, perhaps because it was parked two doors down the street. She did not see Craig

until he detached himself from the shadow of the entrance. He was

shaking with anger.

"I thought so! I thought so!"

His voice was high with accusation.

"Craig, this is Paul."

You look beautiful. "You don't need to tell me who

"I is,"said Craig uncivilly.

You see comfortably.. it following you. I know been have

clearly... when you what you are up to."

wear Standard "You do?"said Elaine, her anger

rising. "Guaranteed Glasses.""You can trust Elaine,"said Paul

shortly. didn't. that, but Craig

be trust wouldn't Pay Nothing Down, $1 A Week MarriagePaul knewwithout marriage. "You can trust Paul,"

she added. "My! My!"said Craig with sarlittle trust comcasm. 1 "A regular

MODERN OFFICES THROUGHOUT THE WEST pany. (Continued on page 138)

136 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA....on Mountain West doorsteps, with

SERVICE.. STYLE.. READERS

The best features the editorial field has to offer for homemaker, sportsman, educator or businessman—all are found

in one fullvalue package—the Deseret

News.

Colorgravure Magazine

(Locally Edited) Comics—16 pages of the best—in

full color

Complete, competent coverage of local, state, national and world events, plus high interest features for every age group.

Put THE DESERET NEWS "out in front"on your doorstep today and every day

still at the same low $1.30 per month carrier delivered.

8 South Main Phone 4-2581

FEBRUARY 1950 137

VARSOVIENNE

Concluded from page 1 36 stay, wait "No, for me."aren't right for each other. I'm we

f this isn't i4 rRA\G( what flying it looks She was the walk to sorry."down

like,"said Paul. "I excan car, Craig's there and were no "I'll bet,"said Craig, and raced plain—doubts clear. now. purpose Her was start. the to a motor

all I "I to want know know,""Craig, here. Take this with Elaine watched the car careen said Craig, turning on his heel.

"I'd better go,"whispered Paul. you."She took off his ring and down the street and went shakily

"You can get this straightened out dropped it into his palm. back to where Paul was waiting.

better without me. I'm sorry, "Craig, I know this is partly my "It looks like you won't lose your

Elaine."fault. I should have known that dancing partner after all,"she said.

THE FORT ON THE FIRING LINE

( Continued from page 117) swing back to the left. That words, "Shoot a Navajo in this

when they heard of this extraordipendulum had reached its ultimate reservation, and your cake is dough, nary proposition, and selected the limit on one side in San Juan, and and you know it."

homes in Bluff and in Monticello a change was inevitable. Then he climbed right up that

which they would occupy when the Two daring robbers held up and narrow trail, stalked boldly between settlers were kicked out, and they stripped a Denver and Rio Grande the big boulders, and called to Joe boasted of how they would run train and then sank from sight in Bush to come on without fear. He

things in the undisturbed ways of eastern Utah. State Marshal Joe marched up to the robbers with a

their ancestors. Somebody took Bush took up the tracks and folboldness that changed their blood

pains to keep them informed, or lowed them beyond the watching into streams of ice, and all the time misinformed, about this pending bill, eyes of the waiting world into the he held his gun leveled upon them making them worse neighbors than remote and obscure San Juan. with uncompromising purpose, and

they had been before. At Bluff, Bush called for men called back over his shoulder to the

A year passed—two years. The to go with him, yet he wanted more marshal asking, "Shootey? Killey?"

Texas outfit refused to talk sale. than men: he wanted a strategist ( Shall I shoot 'em? Shall I kill 'em?

Why should they? Every month to outwit the smooth thing which But the robbers, reaching franofficer established them every more firmly cheatedsaw had who foltically for the sky, made it very

better to their into profitable a criminaland San Juan. lowed known clear they would not have to be

customers of the "underground"Somebody awakened that day to killed nor to be shot; they wouldn't

half states terafrom dozen the Bluff's greater and of vicmeaning hurt a little chicken. as so much

ritories. business betlooked Their tory the over Problem winning One,

live, to very wanted and much They allter time. the of the Navajos. Jones had Kumen faces they with ashen stood

The builders of the fort saw in it cherished the hope that Jim Joe trembling hands while Bush andput a picture dark indeed. They had would sometime help to save his irons on their wrists and their ankleswon the Navajos, and among them own people and to save the Morand had them march meekly down

they had found many pleasant mons as well. So he proposed to out of the rocks. He took them

acquaintances. Yet the Navajos, Joe Bush that the hunt be turned back up out of the rathole; he took

their valuable to thehowever grasped will over Joe. good Jim Jim out them of San Juan. Gunaway

their in confidence, idea second.and a represented he and When of been the underground had men

first thebut of the his sleuths three cut across the wide major arrested had beyond Rincone—theyproblems set for the mission to region at the mouth of Chinalee, out of the country taken been away

solve. they picked up the tracks of the and brought to trial. The Navajos

Yet by some unfaltering intuition robbers, and led the marshal over and the Mormons had become alfidelity fastof the as to their them people clung as any bloodhounds lies—what would it mean? forts, gone. cherishing couldtwo have their promise

of ultimate triumph. They toiled on Astonished to see horsemen comThe builders of the fort took

for their livelihood and ate their ing over the sand behind them, the heart. They told Bush about the

humble bread under the humiliating robbers climbed up into the rocks cattle rustling. When he returned

leer of cowpuncherthieves who where all who followed them would from the north, Bush rounded up rode arrogantly about on their have to pass single file between two the rustlers.

stolen horses with their wide hats great boulders, where one man with After this, the very mention of the cocked banteringly on one side, and enough ammunition could dispose name Jim Joe was welcome. If Kutheir flaming bandanas in jaunty of a regiment. Jim knew just which men Jones had never done anything

style around their necks. men to move and which to reserve. more in San Juan than to discover

The day of the desperado cowStringing his sleuths out on the and get response from this magnifipuncher was nearer to its close than trail behind him to advertise their cent Navajo, he would still be one anyone imagined. When the pendunumbers for the benefit of the men of the most important builders of

lum of human fortune has swung as up in the rocks, he figured that he the country. Instead of fearing the

far as it can to the right, it must had told the robbers in the plainest Navajos any more, the builders of 138 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

the fort doted on them, felt more *.-. i

secure because of them.

The E L K M company could depend no more on finding men to work for their board or ten dollars a month. Times had taken a terrible change; their hotel business One-i was shot through, and the owners Get

of the Texas outfit began to think that possibly they could do better somewhere else. They offered to Starting

sell.

The figure they quoted was a big one. Bishop Nielson took the

matter home with him for the most careful consideration, and when he Si'came limping back next morning, he told them to buy.

The deal was closed. The last

of the Texas outfit rode away; the

echoes of their offensive operations died in the cliffs; the wind blew

their tracks from the trails; and a sweet hush settled down on the with

hills and the camps where they had been. From the sources of unexplainWINTER GRADE

able fortune, a new element entered forcefully onto the scene. It was

drouth, more blighting and more persistent than anything of its kind they had known in San Juan. The GASOLINE

oldtime rains which brought the big floods and made big grass on the hills seemed to be a thing of the past. ( To be concluded OIL MOTOR

i\ Gathering Material for UTAH OIL REFININGYour Speech UTOCO ) (Concluded from page 99) COMPANY

And when all this has been done, you have one more step to take. You

must add something of yourself to whatever information you gather.

Perhaps your contribution will be REXBURG, IDAHOyour arrangement of the ideas, or RICKS COLLEGE perhaps it will be your interpretaOperated by the Church of Jesus Christ of Lattertion of them. Full credit should day Saints

always be given to the author of the Offers bachelor of arts and bachelor of science ideas you borrow; but until you are degrees

familiar enough with those ideas to make them part of you, you are not Offers a full four years of college training, includready to communicate them to your ing training in education listeners. Without such familiarity Spring quarter registration, February 20 to March

your speech will be merely a rehash 13 of other people's thoughts. With it (Write Registrar for details)

your speech will have originality.

FEBRUARY 1950 139

V $ iizeaea date back to February 1835 ); it was

also the period when the priesthood members were building the Kirtland Temple. Consequently, over

one hundred brethren were blessed on March 7, 1835, for their labors on the temple construction. In individual blessings, some were promised wisdom and ability to proclaim

the gospel; others were blessed and

were ordained elders at this time;

some were given the promise of doing missionary work among the

Lamanites, and one, William Carter, who was blind, was promised the restoration of his sight if he remained faithful. This same month,

section 107 of the Doctrine and

Covenants, commonly known as the great revelation on priesthood, was received by the Prophet Joseph

THE KIRTLAND TEMPLE Smith.

In the dark days following the martyrdom of the Prophet and the

Patriarch, the presidents of the PRIESTHOOD...

various quorums of seventies met

Lomerttone of the on November 26, 1845, and accepted the assignment to furnish two rooms of the Nauvoo Temple

Lkurck with carpets, two settees for the stand, tables, chairs, stoves, and

Priesthood has been described Church and the men who hold it other needed furniture. In midby Elder John A. Widtsoe of have been strengthened. December 1845, the seventies and

the Council of the Twelve as At Kirtland, Ohio, in the latter their wives were invited to receive "the authority derived from the Lord part of October 1834, the elders betheir temple endowments at Nau-... committed to man to meet first gan to come in, and in the words

personal needs, and also to be used of the Prophet Joseph Smith, "...

within the Church for carrying out it was necessary to make preparathe purposes of the plan of salvations for the school for the Elders, tion. Since priesthood roots in wherein they might be more perknowledge and the intelligent use fectly instructed in the great things

of knowledge, it must be a real of God, during the coming winter."

force, a real power, to be used in (D. H. C, Vol. II, p. 169.) When

solving any or all problems of life, the Prophet dedicated the school a whether personal or within the year later on November 3, 1835,

Church."he prefaced his prayer with "...

Priesthood is a cornerstone of some remarks upon the object of this the Church. The Prophet Joseph school, and the great necessity of

Smith and his companion, Oliver our rightly improving our time and

Cowdery, received the Aaronic reining up our minds to the sense

Priesthood from John the Baptist, of the great object that lies before glorious endowmentMay 15, 1829, and the Melchizedek us, viz,—the

Priesthood from the hands of Peter, that God has in store for the faithJames, and John, a short time later. ful."

These events preceded the organiThis was the period of the zation of the Church by many Church when the quorums of the months. Church were being fully organized

And wherever the priesthood has (both the Council of the Twelve been used in righteousness, the and the First Council of the Seventy THE NAUVOO TEMPLE 140 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA voo. Almost daily (including ceum on November 7, 1851. This "How about drunkenness?"

Christmas day) the names of those indicates quorum activity of the "The F. B. I. reports a rise from

for 1,490.1 to 2,492.3 each 100,000 to for the temple "... camewho that highest the improving kind—in held population for prosecupersons temple recorded.purpose were The reining of our time and up our tion for drunkenness."

activity continued during January minds.""Did the crime rate come down?"

preparations1846, although and the to thefor exodus west were At that time quorum members of "Thepersonssameheldsourcefor prosecutiongives the numberfor all being feverishly pushed, the last were usually uniformly poor in this causes. It shows an increase from

endowments in the Nauvoo Temple world's goods. But they knew the 6,639 to 30,110 in 1948."

were given February 7, three days value of working together—that "But,"interjected another reporter,

after the first of the Pioneers had strength resulted from unity of "a lot of those were arrests for parkcrossed the frozen Mississippi. purpose. And quorum members toing, and things like that—

After the arrival in the valley, day can receive blessings and joy "Well, leaving those out and taking the seventies met in the bowery, from working with each other. The only major crimes, the increase was

on what was to become Temple wideawake quorum has a project. from 3,450.90 to 5,103.54 for each

Square, and commenced their LyWhat is yours? 100,000 inhabitants an increase of over

forty percent."

"How about family life—has it been

improved?""Evidently not, the divorce rate increased (each 1,000 population) from NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO 1.6 in 1933 to 3.5 in 1945."

"More than doubled,"Mr. Van

Louvtmn Snooze sighed. "Well how about

taxes?"(conducted I?u *UJr. doieph \jr. ern "Now we have something,"said

the expert who had screamed "swell"repeatedly the day before. "In 1948

A PROMISE—ITS FAILURE pare a few questions, the answers to the total public revenue from alcoholic

which I hope you will present tomorbeverages was $2,953,480,752.00."

TThe American Business Men's Rerow. Now I want to know who won "Splendid,"said Mr. Van Snooze,

search Foundation sent out a rethe pennant in 1930, if Hoover was "then I presume, as the associationlease during December that gives a reelected and—against the prohibition amendment

fairly good statement of the situation When the specialists and the press promised, all income taxes have been relative to the consumption of alcoholic assembled the next day, Mr. Van repealed, and I hope the national debt

beverages from the time of repeal of Snooze took up the prohibitionrepeal wiped out?"

the Eighteenth Amendment up to the question at once. "I am sorry to say, Mr. Van

present. They picture the story in a "Did the oldfashioned saloon reSnooze, that your personal income tax

most interesting way. It is worthy turn, despite promises that it would has increased five fold while you slept,

of this column because its data all come not, and if so was any effort made to and the national debt has increased from official sources. Here it is: prevent it?"from $19,487,000,000 at the end of the

"It did return, indeed,"replied the fiscal year 1932 to $252,292,000,000 at

T3ip Van Snooze, the eminent objecspecialist to whom had been assigned the end of June, 1948—nearly thirteen

tive student of public problems, the question. "President Roosevelt times."

who fell into a coma at the height of upon repeal promised that the saloon "But there was a war,"said one the controversy on the relative merits would not return, but that is all that voice, and another added, "and Rooseof prohibition and repeal and who was done about it. We now have velt"—and then a confusion of voices

awakened from a twentyyear sleep 482,033 legal retail liquor outlets, as drowned out all possibility of Mr.

yesterday, lapsed into a sound sleep we now call them, and the number is Van Snooze understanding.

again today. growing. In 1945 the number was "This is where I went to sleep

As the experts who had attended only 359,127."twenty years ago,"he said in a tired

him and studied his condition during "Has drinking increased or devoice, "I think I'll try another short his twentyyear sleep had predicted, creased as promised?"nap."

he immediately made inquiry upon "As measured in terms of absolute Turning over he was sound asleep awaking concerning the matter that alcohol, it has increased from 0.58 in a second.

had thrown him into his trance. gallons per capita in the first year of

"Did we repeal the prohibition law?"repeal to 1.64 gallons in 1949.""SALE BY THE DRINK"

he asked in a surprisingly strong "What! It has nearly tripled?"Mr.

voice. When told that the law was Van Snooze asked, but not waiting "\TnrE were recently astonished to read

revoked sixteen years ago he immefor a reply, passed to the next ques- a newspaper statement saying diately demanded to know how repeal tion. "Was the working man appeased that a newly elected commissioner of

was working. with his glass of beer and does he Salt Lake City advocates "sale by the

The babble from those surrounding eschew strong drink?"drink"of alcoholic beverages, asserthim confused him and he remarked "Apparently not,"replied a reing his belief that among other things

that the only two words he could disporter. "The per capita consumption better control could thus be secured

tinguish were "lousy"and "swell,"of beer has increased from 7.90 to and that a large addition to the city

but he presumed that there was 18.58 gallons but, as you put it, strong treasury could be obtained by the sale

moderate opinion also expressed. drink also increased from.33 to 1.21 of licenses. As readers of this column

"I am a deep student of the quesgallons in the same period, almost four know, we have been uniformly option,"he said, "so I am going to pretimes as much."(Concluded on page 144)

FEBRUARY 1950 141

Youth Speaks

The Power Of Testimony

Ward Teaching

Prayer In The Home Is Still Popular

WILLIAM 11 /Tost ward teachers of twentyfive their homes as a part of their ward teachGORDON or more years ago will recall ing visits each month.

ROGERS that prayer with the family was the The report reached us that some of our teachers prayer not could felt they have first of business order when the ward the of so because the homes many called. contrast, teachers most in By it. resent to families seemed

ward teachers with only a few years Therefore, as a bishopric, we decided of recent experience in ward teaching to find out for ourselves. Accordingly,

have never knelt in prayer with the we selected fortyfive families who were families they visit. either relatively inactive families, or famWhat has happened? Why the iliesnot a wheremembertheof fatherthe Church.or the Formothernearlyis

change? Apparently, Latterday Saint one year now, the bishopric have visited

families were in need of the Lord's among these families, at least two of blessings a quarter of a century or them every Monday night. We have not

(Excerpts from an address by Wilmore ago. Has the need for family been in one such home yet where we were

liam Gordon Rogers, a deacon, New prayer with the ward teachers been not entirely welcome to kneel with the

Castle Ward, Cedar (Utah) Stake.) modified of recent years? Who effamily in prayer. The response to the

suggestion has encouraging. most been fected the change? a little Only must test the gospel our with\17e result, teachers are our ward As a now is to the encourage needed it thought powers. in one can prayer encouraged do own every to have home No

if that are conclusion as much, we is It visiting Saints. thefor us. good when

President George Albert Smith has not more, in need of family prayer and to hear the people say, "Yes, we had the expressed his feelings in words similar its blessings today as our parents were ward teachers last Monday night, and to the following: "It is important that in yesteryears. they had prayer with us, too."

sonsour daughters estaband become say, "It or even think, we When Bishopric, Park Ward in their faithlished as Monument and know, let us examine our be done,"own Sets Stake, Bonneville Example can't istheir this that parents know, our

It is teachers. as attitudes not ward

Father's work."

to pray, in old the fashioned homes, R. Alvin Dyer, Bishop Monument is Since the testimony moving power

it, Saints. the with would do If we (Salt Bonneville Lake Park Ward,behind the of accomplishments our

say, better than to would know we tells the experience Stake, of City) itparents, then surely important is most "It can't be would know done"—we in his the counselors had he ward andthat for people young the same work

if often, that not always, prayer in of the matter prayer the home: on I theassurance, testimony. same am its forceful influence spreads deeper

sure father mother and would my into the human heart than any other that suggested our ward We have the hoursnever spend they do, serving of expression. form in the Saints prayer with have

in the without Church, the teachers knowing gospel is true.

Elder John A. Widtsoe has written

S. Girls"A conviction of the truth of the LP.

gospel, a testimony, must be sought if Effect Of Visits Reflected In Attendance Records it is to be found."(Evidences and Tt has always been maintained that there is no substitute for the influence

Reconciliations, 6.) p.

either or an improvein effecting reformation a another of on one personrecorded from the Master's Matthew visit in of the personal the value placed on been has always Emphasis theSermon on "But seek ye ment. Mount,

first the kingdom of God, and his the L.D.S. girls'program. tabulation of the personal visits of advisers to members of these groupsrighteousness; and all these things shall A

be added unto you."(Matt. 6:33.) throughout the Church reveals that more than 27,000 visits (not calls) were

records attendance given below the first ten of 1949. months during The made try earnestly the Lord's to do If we

girls visits records personal of all L.D.S. on the the effect these of suggest

will testimony awork, to us, come and we need not worry about other in the Church for that period:

things. The Lord's promise alone Sacrament Sunday

should urge us to learn the truth for Meeting School Y.W.M.I.A.

ourselves. January 43% 54% 54%

Bishop Thorpe B. Isaacson of the October 46% 59% 58%

Presiding Bishopric in a recent adConsider well what the effect would have been had four, five, or more dress said, "The best defense against times 27,000 personal visits been made as could easily have been the case if the spirit of Satan is the Spirit of the approximately 4,500 ward advisers had done their full duty in visiting the

Lord."members of their groups, and particularly the inactive members.

We must have faith that our The personal visit is the genius of the L.D.S. girls'program. If any are

Heavenly Father's plan is right, for looking for a substitute for this feature of the work, they should give up the faith is a prerequisite to the obtaining search—there is no substitute if we are to do for our girls that which is desired

of a personal testimony. for their welfare and blessing.

142 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA cJ.ee J4. j-altmer g j-repayed btf"J$tehoptt$page

Adult Members Aaronic Priesthood Aaronic Priesthood

Aaronic Priesthood Quorum President Persists Newcomers lo Be Enrolled

WhaT Went Wrong Along And Wins Immediately

The Way? Cix years ago, the president of a deaTt is suggested that, when a bearer of

[is hair is snow white; his shoulcons quorum persisted in the use the Aaronic Priesthood moves into

H'ders lean forward in spite of his of the telephone and in making per- a new ward, his name be placed on heroic effort to walk straight in the sonal calls to encourage an inactive the proper quorum roll immediately, face of his more than fourscore years; member to attend to his priesthood and that his attendance at all meethis manner is mild; his entire bearing duties. It seemed hopeless, but he ings be indicated, without waiting for

is that of a cultured, refined gentlekept on with his work. his record of membership to be reman. Finally the boy came out to his ceived, nor for his formal acceptance

it, by the membership of the ward. One day he will answer the call, priesthood meeting. He enjoyed

and his life's mission will be finished. found new interest, made friends. But One of the reasons for this recomThe work of the Lord has suffered this was not all. mendation is that the boy may be try-

a great loss through the inactivity of Eventually, he persuaded his father, ing for an Individual Certificate of this grand old man. Why did he long inactive, to accompany him to Award which he may not receive if

become inactive? priesthood meeting and then to other his record is not kept between the

Years before an unbridled tongue Church meetings. Then the mother time of his arrival in the new ward and

had broken loose and before it could became interested. Finally his sisters his acceptance as a member when his

be brought under control, it had lashed found new joys in Church activity. record of membership is presented for

him with hard, cruel words that cut The entire family became active. the vote of the Saints.

result? the boy, Today, now The into his heart. deep young into not be voted The boy should leader a is group board on a man, have never wounds? They The nor given in the quorum, membership father, in the mother, navy; U.S. tried really to ship healed, has anyone nor

heal them. and sisters are all teachers in the Sunpriesthood assignments, until after the

Who is he? He is real—this story day School. receipt of his record of membership.

is true, and there are many more like him. He could be a member of your Father, Three Sons, Sonin-law Advanced To Melchizedek

ward, your neighbor across the way, or that grand old man down the street. Priesthood

Are you sure he isn't one of these?

Come, now! There may be time,

even yet—he is still alive. But the sand

in his hourglass of life is running out.

He may be waiting this very moment for our call, our kind words, our active interest in his being prepared to live—hereafter.

L D. S. Girls

Aaronic Priesthood

Check 100 Percent Attendance Records HThis will remind leaders that special BEAR RIVERWITHWARD,ADULTNORTHMEMBERSBOX ELDEROF THE(UTAH)AARONICSTAKE,PRIESTHOODREPORTS SUCCESS

Charles Checketts; Left Adviser Lyle Miller, son; Svlvanus Miller, father; Woodrow to percent seals are to one hundred

sonin-law. Brailsford, Miller, son; Jesse son; Joyceright—GroupMiller,

Certificates to the Individual be affixed of Award for Aaronic Priesthood TT7hen a father, with his three sons days ahead are filled with promise.

members with a perfect attendance and a sonin-law, all adult memFaithful lives, and the words "for record at priesthood meeting and at bers of the Aaronic Priesthood, are all eternity,"spoken in holy places, sacrament meeting for the full year, ordained elders on the same day, who may soon take "time"out of family and for L.D.S. girls with perfect atcan estimate, or even imagine, the relationships and continue them fortendance records at sacrament meetmeasure of rejoicing sent ringing ever.

ing, Sunday School, and Y.W.M.I.A. through the corridors of heaven? But Yes, there is much rejoicing—and

for the year. not in heaven alone is there rejoicing. with good reason.

call for blanks The new application this careinformation which should be In the now of time, there is joy even RiverThisWard,accomplishment,North Box inElderthe Stake,Bear fully supplied to avoid disappointment beyond words. is attributed, in large measure, to the

to those with perfect attendance recDreams long cherished by loving untiring efforts of Charles Checketts, ords in addition to meeting all other wives and tender mothers are in the group adviser and a former bishop of requirements for the individual award. morning of their fulfilment and the the ward.

FEBRUARY 1950 143

AN EXPEDITION TO CENTRAL AMERICA

(Continued from page 114) the shallow interior lagoons. Only Lara, expedition guide; a group of

growth of thorny bushes, ferns, and a few landings could be made, several fairly large mounds); Punta

wild grasses, often extending above however, because of the density of Gorda (local name, as given by the head. Vivid flowers abound, the jungle growth along the shores expedition guide; three fairly large

among which flit immense, briland the additional obstacle of mounds ); and Panteon ( local name,

liantlyhued butterflies; while the shoals, along the coast of the Laas given by Ignacio Matemala and

upper reaches of the forest are guna de Terminos. The means of other native8 informants; three small

the home of a heavy bird populalanding on these shallow coasts mounds). The locations of these

tion. from the launches was by cayuca, sites, and other data resulting from

For what it lacks in larger animal when available; otherwise landings this reconnaissance, have been

life, the Xicalango region more than were accomplished by the exploring charted on a new largescale armakes up in an oversupply of inparty riding to shore on the chaeological map of the Xicalango sect population, especially hordes of shoulders of the crew. Since the region to be published later in a

mosquitoes, chiggers, ticks, and expedition members all greatly outfinal report of the expedition.

ants. weighed their native mounts, this A general survey was also made

Finally, this area is afflicted, as method proved to be rather hazardfor the first time of the known ruins is other parts of Middle America, ous. of Aguacatal 7 (discovered a few

by that ancient scourge of the Finally, the difficult land exyears before by a party of Mexican tropics, malaria, which constitutes plorations, carried out on foot archaeologists ). This was the work

the chief hazard of archaeological through jungle and swamps, were of ten days of exploration at this work in these lands. accomplished through the guide assite, accomplished in the face of

At the present time the Xicalango sistance and expert machetewield- great natural difficulties. Foremost

region is almost totally uninhabited. ing of a native Chontal Indian of these was the density of the

Only a few lone huts and tiny worker of the hacienda of Xicalanjungle, which reduced observation settlements of coconut plantation go, Manuel Lara, who served as to only a few feet in any direction, workers break the almostcontinu- expedition guide during most of the completely concealing beyond this ous wall of jungle along the shores Xicalango project. distance the various ruin mounds

of the lagoons. This is in marked By these means, three new mound comprising the site. This, together

contrast with the dense population ruins were located, for the first time with the heavy jungle growth of ancient times indicated by the archaeologically (with one partial covering the mounds themselves, archaeological findings to be deexception as noted), viz. Zapotal necessitated constant machetescribed. (local name, as given by Manuel wielding by Manuel Lara in locating

The few inhabitants that do manand partially clearing these mounds age an existence in this wilderness for measurement, and made imposare mainly of native Indian stock, No liquorTobacco sible more than a rough map of the mostly of the Chontal branch of (Concluded from page 141 ruins at this time.

the ancient Mayan linguistic family, posed to "sale by the drink"for many Other difficulties were the tropiin established to have beenknown herebeen cal which have reasons, some of heat—though from early region Coast Gulf havethe expressed. So we in previously that of our winter—andthe seasonthe insectwas

preColumbian times. Despite primiurged that all candidates for political pests, especially the hordes of

tive living conditions, debilitating office who would have anything to do voracious mosquitoes. Against the

tropical diseases, and an extremely with the making or enforcing of laws latter, however, the party was fortheir for election before people asked shall these be mortality, childhigh fortified, with somewhat tunately drink."the "sales to by relative views cheerful surprisingly amaintain nets, mosquito hamrepellents, head come again should this matter If most always were disposition. They drugs/ antimalaria mocks, and in electorate, the action for by up expeto the hospitable friendly and that caused difficulty was Another of readers that hope Utah, we it with furnished party, and dition occasionrains which the heavy conby that find will we this column

reliable guides and excavation tinue to oppose the election of ally flooded the camp, and made workers. candidates favorable to methods of necessary the construction of a platThe expedition's reconnaissance handling liquor that will result in form to keep the expedition's store

of this region was accomplished greater consumption. And according of supplies off the ground, and a

by means of airplane photogto the records, greater consumption palmthatched shelter for protection raphy, coastwise surveys by launch always results by increasing the numfrom the rain. Still another proband dugout canoe, and finally ber of places that have alcoholic lem developed when the provisions

syslicense the sale, as for beverages coastthe In explorations. land purified water from and food enof our keep does. always To tem important reconnaissance,wise

evil evil and of free th ruins oral near report from of an as Verification vironment given information was aid in and the Atlas recorded of Xicalango settlement is a moral feasible both as tendencies 1939. 20 la p. Mexicana. Republica de arqueoldgico of CiuMatemala Ignacioby it. map. and see as duty, religious and we We or Avocadotree 'Aguacate meaning name, 'Local the of owner son Carmen, dad del Improveof that readers hope Plantation.'The

archaeologists of Mexican who expedition of Xicalango and the 8The of hacienda opposed always Era will ment difficult site even an more had the to first visited in launches the pilot of used of of one to day one only able remain time, being the of the methods underworld—tobe

visit occurred when their as in Maybecause mosquitoes, the or native dugcayuca survey. in the result multiplying that those methods A the with greater numbers to still increase these pests

out, propelled with a pole by a naevils or increasing the ease for particialmostbeginningsucceedof the inrainydrivingseason,out atevenwhichthe timehardenedthey tive boatman, was used to explore pating in them. native inhabitants.

144 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Carmen gave out before the end of the scheduled work at this site, which required more days than expected. However, Manuel and his

two brothers Pedro and Juan, who comprised the expedition's native crew at Aguacatal, came to therescue by bringing in a supply of A FREE CATALOG bananas and tortillas from their home, and by cutting down coconuts for coconut milk. OF IDS. BOOKS

Three main groups of mounds were found at Aguacatal, in this NOT just a list of book titles with prices—

first general site. survey of the One THIS is a CATALOG of L.D.S. books with the name of theconsists of several fairly large

mounds representing the ruins of author, a description of the contents of each book and, temple pyramids and foundation of course, the price.

platforms, partially surrounding a IN ADDITION—the books are grouped under such headplaza; another, a number of much

smaller mound ruins of similar naings as:

ture arranged in what may be a Prophecy Biography second and possibly older plaza Standard Works Doctrinal group; and a third, several large

mounds of undetermined arrangeStories Reference ment, somewhat detached from the etc., etc.

other two groups. The largest

mound of the first group, which This is the BEST NEWS YET for those who was designated Mound Al, measured approximately 150 ft. long by Shop by Mail

100 ft. wide and 15 ft. high; and

the highest, Mound A5, approximately 65 ft. square and 30 ft. high. For your FREE CATALOGThe largest of the second group, CHURCH SERVICE COMPANY

Mound Bl, measured approximately Just fill in the coupon or send a "The L.D.S. Book Center for those who

45 ft. long by 30 ft. wide and 6 ft. postal card to Shop by Mail"

high; and the largest of the third, P. O. Box 2245

which was also the highest disSalt Lake City, Utah site, at thecovered Cl, apMound CHURCH SERVICE CO. Please send without cost, a copy of ft.proximately 100 square 45 and

ft. high. "The L.D.S. Book Center for those your L.D.S. Book Catalog to

All of these mounds were found who Shop by Mail"Nameto their as have outermost layer—aunderthick,the blankethard ofconglomeratejungle growthof SaltP. LakeO. BoxCity,2245Utah AddressCity..'

earth and oyster shells, evidently a "kitchen midden"deposit left by (We pay postage on all orders.) State

some shellfisheating people who had lived on the mounds after the abandonment of the city by its original inhabitants. An exploratory

trench run into the side of one of the mounds (A5) through thissurface midden revealed a stepped COSTUMES pyramid inside. This in turn was

found to enclose a still older stepped For Every Occasion pyramid, which also, in turn, appeared to encase still another and Also even more ancient pyramid in a FABRICS AND TRIMMINGS telescoping "jackin-thebox"fashion, with the two outermost pyramids obviously representing succesSAU LAKE COSTUME CO.

sive enlargements of the original Visit Our New 248 SO. MAIN SALT LAKE

temple pyramid. The construction MOTOflMART GARDE DIAL 3-1031

of these pyramids is of earth and 360 South 6th East shellmidden, retaining with sloping PORTERWALTON CO

City 11 (Continued E., Box 1619 Salt Lake page) Dept. on following

FEBRUARY 1950 145

AN EXPEDITION TO CENTRAL AMERICA

EVEN IF YOU DONT KNOW (Continued from preceding page) of the expedition. One of these was

A NOTE OF MUSIC NOW... wallsslabs. ofOthercementbriefor irregularexcavationsstonein aPalizadasvoyage byRiverlaunch(oneup ofthetheremotedisYou Can Learn Your Favorite this mound and in Mound A2 (betributaries of the Usumacinta, in

Instrument This Easy A-B-C Way gun by the previous Mexican arthe main region of jaguars and chaeologists) revealed portions of poisonous serpents) and the series No special talent, no previous training needed. This

because successful is S. U. so School homestudy stairways method ascending the pyramids, of junglerimmed which this lakes by right note, by tunes real you learn to play playing by

favorbuilt of stone block masonry. your learn can the start. just think, from you river And enters the Laguna de Terminos.

interested, If ite day. instrument cents a for only a few mail coupon for FREE Booklet and Printand-Picture None of the mounds at this site, This acquainted the party with the

easy Sample. See for yourself how it is to so far as could be determined, had main route of water travel from the in learn any instrument right at home,

spare time, without a private teacher. any standing building on its sumGulf of Mexico into the interior

U. S. SCHOOL OF MUSIC, mit. This indicates that the build- "Usumacinta province"of the Maya

2252 Brunswick Bldg.,

New York 10, N. Y. ings which must have originally surarea, along which ancient civiliza52nd Yr. mounted these pyramids and plattion probably spread; and also with

forms were probably constructed the nature of the country in the of wood, with thatched roofs, and heart of the archaeologically littlehave consequently long since disapknown eastern Gulf Coast area.

peared. Following this exploration, and a

The most interesting feature disvisit to the archaeological site of

FREE PRINT AND PICTURE SAMPL covered at Aguacatal, however Huaraxe on the Island of Carmen, perhaps, in fact, the most important a trip by plane was made to north-

I U. S. SCHOOL OF MUSIC

| 2252 Brunswick Bldg., New York 10, N.Y. discovery of the entire expedition ern Yucatan, for a brief study also

| Please send me Free Booklet and Printand-Picture is a great earthen embankment with of the famous ruined Maya cities | Sample. I would like to play (Name Instrument). steeply sloping sides, measuring of Uxmal and Chichen Itza.

|= Instrument Instrument?Have V"some 25 ft. wide at the base and On the return flight from Yucaft. the top, at 10 ft. 6 to 10 wide tan, a stop of several days was made

Name ft. side, the outer 3 on and (Please Print) high in the at Minatitlan, Tehuantepec

Address high on the inner side, partially Isthmus area of the "Olmec"sites surrounding the first two groups of of the preClassic civilization, where i.llllllllllNllllllllllllllllllllllllMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIllllltllllllllllllllllllllltllllllllllllllllllllli mounds and apparently terminating there are also known to be many

at the edge of the lagoon near unexplored mound ruins. Working

which the ruins are situated. On the out of Minatitlan, an air photoIT'S north and west, this embankment graphic study by cub plane was

separates these groups from a made of the Gulf side of the Isthmus the nearby Tuxtla Mountains heavily TO WARN belowswamp thatlying ofat athelevelareaseveralof feetthe and(a cloudcapped, Language mounds (compare the above measmountain wilderness, still forestedlargely as to outer urements height on archaeologically), as far and unknown By LINGUAPHONE this inner sides). Possibly embankas the northernmost discovered learn through natural everyday converYou

sation.., with effortless ease and real ment represents the remains of an "Olmec"site of Tres Zapotes.

First pleasure. in an LISTEN you and protect the amazancient built to dyke, Minatitlan the party conFrom correct with time ingly short SPEAK, you the flooding of waters city from to the the tinued coast plane up by right the accent swing. and

In your own home you can study alone in swamp in the rainy season; or, alVeracruz City, thence inland past

or friends children or privacy wife have and ternatively, an ancient wall fortifiother Orizaba snowcapped and is in that pastime join you a delightful an cation.

in high the Sierra asset profession career, peaks of business, and a Madre cultural for In the course of enjoyment. this survey, and Oriental, so back to Mexico and

It will take only you a day 30 minutes to the Xicalango reconnaissance in City. several days Here more of the master languages any 29 important

tinguaphone Way. general, a surface collection of sevwere spent in a preliminary classifiSPANISH FRENCH eral hundred ancient potsherds was cation of the pottery material obPORTUGUESE GERMAN also obtained. This was augmented tained in the XicalangoAguacatal

ITALIAN RUSSIAN by subsurface samplings from a survey, on the basis partly of a comor 23 other languages stratigraphic test trench in the plaza parative study of collections in the courses Linguaphone were made astonishof Group A at Aguacatal. The procNational Museum. This final "field"ingly simple, practical easy and by more

than 150 expert linguists of international essing of the pottery material (in task was completed on February 21 colfame. Endorsed educators, by used by del at Ciudad camp and Carmen) at which point the expedition terleges, schools the choice of than and more of the completed field work the exminated. million homestudy students. one

pedition in region as the Xicalango SEND FOR FREE BOOK"J 8 Results originally projected. INSTITUTE, LINGUAPHONE

63 RCA Bldg., New York 20, N. Y. There still remained, however, a Tt may be stated, in conclusion, that

the Book. Send FREE Linguaphone me projects of supplementary number the expedition's purposes were

to language. I want team this classification of material description and Ji 9A achieved. generally only were Not

is in final It the report. mainly will presented be Name J

affiliations the that evidence the basis of ceramic sites on several in discovered new.... City.. Address the of settlements ancient of the chronology and i region, Xicalango Gulf Coast but region have out. been Xicalango worked

146 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA also many additional temple pyramids and other ancient structures at the alreadydiscovered ruins of

Aguacatal, and the first general survey of that site accomplished. 10

These new discoveries, moreover, established the fact that this region was heavily populated in ancient times by a civilized city and templebuilding people; and that the settlement of Aguacatal in particular, in

view of the relatively large number and size of its temples, pyramids, and other structures, including the possible wall fortification, was probably the principal or capital city of the district in those times."

On the other hand, none of these

Xicalango sites can be said—at

least on the basis of this prelimiSeries 21 Wurlitzer Organ nary exploration—to have been the When church committees investigate the

original or main center of the preorgan field thoroughly, they usually choose the classic civilization. Nor was any Wurlitzer Organ. And for very good reasons.

satisfies tone true of the church Wurlitzer Theevidence found which might lead critical ear. playing features the most The

us to the discovery of this center. the Wurlitzer are exactly what the organist ofis

From the indication of certain accustomed to and wants. Fine construction

architectural features, however, and comparatively low price make its value (such as the absence of standing obvious to everyone.

Wurlitzer builds a complete line of organs stone buildings) and the identified both doublemanual and singlemanual types.

ceramic styles, it may be concluded The most recent development is the new Series 15 that the settlement at least of—a lowpriced, highquality; singlemanual organ

Aguacatal belongs (in its earliest with pedals designed especially for the small and main period) to the preclassic Wurlitzerchurch or Organschapel. atSeeyourthisWurlitzerand otherdealer's.

civilization. This therefore inThe Rudolph Wurlitzer Company, North Tonawanda, New York

creases the number of known sites Executive Offices, Chicago, Illinois in the eastern Gulf Coast area in leads piano Wurlitzerestablishing the territorial continuity WuRLllZER people buy values, too. More

of the preclassic civilization World's Largest Builder of Organs and Wurlitzer Pianos than through this region, from the Pianos Under One Name those of any other name.

"Early Olmec"aspect in the Isthmus region to the closelyrelated "Early Maya"development in Yucatan. 12 t—r;""7"":'

Other results of the expedition! iwill be described in the final report, NU W<

with plansalong now under way BOARD—TILE—PLANK to Central expeditionfor another

America, within a year or two of KOLOR FAST TAN this writing, including an extensive project of further excavation at the AND 13 important site of Aguacatal.

10Besides the notes, drawings, still photographs, STALITE and other detailed records of the expedition's feet several of colored findings, thousand motion also obtained, providing a general pictures were film Just what you need to furnish that room in the attic or remodel for in of the expedition, use especiallyrecord

University studying ology classes at Brigham Young archaethe basement for a Rumpus Room.

field methods of archaeology in Central America and lands. otheruIt tropicalshould be noted that the ancient name of SEE YOUR FRIENDLY LUMBER DEALERAguacatal is unknown.

See the expedition. the introductoryA few othersectionsitesonbesidesthe purposeAguacatalof He will be pleased to help you with all the details.

are also now known in this area as belonging to the civilization. preclassic

2"in be published "Bulletin 13To No.

LAKE CITY affiliate Archaeological University Society, organi- 3-3611 of the TMB mark of MORRISONMERRILL & CO. SALTDIAL

of zation of of the Archaeology Department Brigham

University. final this of copyYoung bulletin A

PHONl 334 MiM report, of publications other and of the University

Archaeological Society the Department, and be may NEVADA BULONG 3-3196 1 TrBtRROCKPAPERPRODUCTSFORPURPOSES POCATELLO.IDARENO.DIM obtained in through Society. membership the For RELIABILITY information the conditions on of membership address

the Department of Archaeology, Brigham Young

University, Provo, Utah.

FEBRUARY 1950 147 a

ORSON F. WHITNEY

(Continued /rom page 100) See now my sacred heritage, the prey My minstrel, I thy muse, sing thou the

The poem is written in convenOf ribald rhymesters, sensuous, half obsong sublime!

scene;tional epic form, twelve parts—III the with is concerned Canto censors, glad o'er decay, Of gloating myprelude, ten cantos, and an epilogue.

for best I love all but deeming ne'er Christ, of been! gospel God's had And

The measure is English heroic The body's bard throned, sceptering the man. The divine plan of human

verse, with and without rhyme. scene, guidance is explained, the plan emgroveling worshiper of earth and time. in rejects rhyme some AWhitney of fall redemption bracing the and Arise! soul's and thy celestial with sheen, for othercantos reason apparent no of doctrine the man. Here Mormon false these meteors, rulthe Shame change

fits the verse blankthan that mood ing chime; is explained and purpose man's

better. Z3Z CSZ jzl.:

He opens the poem with a spiritual awakening. In Canto I and n

throughout the poem, the Holy Spirit acting through Elias, the genius of progress, is manifested. Here, in and lrocrastiviation

Canto I, we read of the theme that

L. EVANSprevails throughout the work—one li BY RICHARD

of the of the purposes main poem. n '"The more a subject is talked of, the more difficult it is is salvation, eternal life, themeThe

it it is, But, old as any perhaps to add ideas on it. faith, on earth. good works and

that shall said that the y is expected something be theme on in the his spiritual awakeningAnd author conceives it as follows: p dominates these days. We wouldn't change the giving

of gifts or the festivities or the feasting. We wouldn't

Naught can be vain that leadeth unto light; eliminate the lights or the trimming of trees or the fond

Struggle and stress, not plaudit, maketh conspiracy about presents or the wideeyed wonder of strong; wish, Victor and vanquished equally may win, children at this welcome and wonderful season. We

Climbing far heights, where fame, eternal of course, that we could prepare under less pressure, but fame, r the pressure is partly because of our own procrastination.

White as the gleaming cloak of Arctic hills, We know right now, as we knew a year ago, that all faultless, fadeless, pure, as a mantle,Rests this us. of again soon But upon most us do be would sun- M peaks, lives, whose snowyOn loftiest

it little this "close. until perhaps from about it comes And crowned,

Receive but to dispense their blessedness. we could learn a lesson and do something sooner about

things which are sure to come. We know right now, as

Eternal life demands a selfless love. surely as we know that another year will come quickly,

Hampered by pride, greed, hate, what soul that life constantly calls for an accounting. We know that can grow,

let accountof the time shouldn't due, debts come and we Conceive a selfish God! fhou canst not, i to in effort earnest advance without us catch some man! V ing

Then let it shame thee unto higher things. meet what shall surely come. We know that if we want

Who strives for self hates other men's sucfriends when we need them, we must be friendly when cess; if to that us. want others we right now need We know rivalry. glory seeks God's welcomesWho

it, give must upon we be trusted much may depend when Seeking, find p Giver, not thou shalt gift, but

No sacrifice but changes part for whole. people reason to trust us all along the way. We know

that if we want to be believed at some particularly imthat on, full sure greatest Fare glory earn the right time, comes, portant we must swiftest serving growth, from humanAnd things. unimportant seemingly small and to Webe believedknow thatin kind.

Toil on, for toil is treasure, thine for aye; if we want men to be merciful, we must deal with them

A pauper he who boasts an empty name. as we would be dealt with. We know right now that if

we ever lift our heads above the common level, men will

The poem develops smoothly, and look at our lives with searching scrutiny, and if we want in Canto II the author changes his to be able to stand their gaze, we had better make the rhyme scheme to a lyrical form in record look as it should look now, and always and under depicting the soul of song. Here all conditions, and not wait until the pressure is upon us.

the epic of time and eternity is sung, These are but a few of the lessons we might well learn and Elras makes his first appearfrom facing the pressure of this season again so breathance. Here the author makes referlessly soon. Only a short while ago it seemed so surely

ence to a new Zion which is to stand that there was plenty of time to prepare for it. And there

site the ancientupon of the Garden could years and we come quickly, But the was—then. he satirizes of Eden. Here are sure things which about sooner poets Well do something

who exalt the material over the spirto come.

itual, the sensuous over the intellectual. Jhe 2)pohen>pol?en i/i/orai/Uord fromfrom temple

Let us note now how he alludes SQUARECASTINGPRESENTEDSYSTEM.OVERDECEMBERCOLUMBIA18, BROAD1949

to this in Canto II of Elias: 148 G*= THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

the poem from then on falls back on this teaching:

The love that hath redeemed all worlds

All worlds must still redeem:

But mercy cannot justice rob Freedom—man'sOh, where werefaith,Elohim?man's work, God's

grace Must span the great gulf o'er;

Life, death, the duerdon or the doom,

Rejoice we or deplore.

Canto IV through to the end of the poem sweeps powerfully through the doctrine of the Church. We see

am allegory of the Christian dispensation, following the death of Jesus;

we read of Ramah and Cumorah, Book of Mormon names. These two

factors lead up to the Book of Mormon and the content of this volume.

The book is considered as a testimony to God and a testimony of the Bible. It embodies the prehistoric story of America, related by

the angel custodian to the translator of the buried book of gold. The

entire story of the foundation of the Church is unveiled, and referOne of America's ence is made to America as the land of Zion. Best Loved

Dining Spots The Gentile comes, as destiny decrees,

To Zion's land, for freedom held in store,

MAX CARPENTER, Manager The poem ends with Elias, the angel, ascending from the east. His

response forms the body of the epilogue, and the sign of the second coming of Christ is given. And with

this prophecy, Elias is heralded as the prophet of the dawn.

HPhis was Elias—an epic of the

ages—and this was Orson F.

Whitney. He was part of it. Innumerable poets were inspired by

his lines to carry on where he left off. After the publication of Elias,

lived twentysevenElder Whitney to merityears see the and teaching Picture,slopes ofintheyourRockies.mind's Itseye,statelya smallrowstownof poplarnestled trees,againstthetheoutlineswesternof

of his work. His work was his its homes, buildings, stores and churches, make it readily recognizable

philosophy, and his thought that "a as a typicalRs people,towntoo,of theare Intermountainyour kind of 'homeWest.folk,'representing the races and

people cannot perish as long as its faiths so prominent here in the West. They belong to the same social and

literature lives,"has proved true. civic organizations you enjoy—Rotary, Kiwanis, Lions, Chamber of ComThere are critics in our modern merce,Therereligiousare almostand service2,000 societiesfamilies andin thisothers.imaginary town, and in each

age who have said that there has there is a member of The Salt Lake Tribune and Salt Lake Telegram family not been, prior to the twentieth cenof employees, each chosen because of ability.

tury, any noteworthy literature from and Yes,Salt thisLakeis Telegram—fromour town—the menowners,and womenmanagement,of TheemployeesSalt Lake andTribunedisthe west, that it is actually just now tributors to carrier boys—all typical of the Intermountain West, all interested

beginning. Could it be that these in the welfare, all concerned in the development of our area.

men have not read the works of friendlinessAs you ofread'homethesefolks'—reflectingtwo great newspapersthe characteryou offeelourthegreatwarmthempire.and

Orson F. Whitney, or, having read,

been prejudiced before they turned title the page? uphold Those who gfribttnr.

to an idea comwould do well such %t Halt fukt pare Whitney's scholarly work with any now on sale in our bookstores.

FEBRUARY 1950 149

COLONIZATION OF THE BIG HORN BASIN DON'T MISS the pleasure the animals.( ContinuedOatsfrom pagewere111)obtained honestall thesewiththings,all thismen,willandbeifa youland doof

at Opal, Wyoming, which, with Zion to you and your children and salt sage and dry grass, kept children's children throughout the of these the the animals alive. generations to come."

distinctive records Other companies continued to Elder Woodruff then held the come over the same route. Camps plow; Byron Sessions drove the

were established, and sources of team and plowed a furrow. The

"THE KING OF GLORY"supplies were sought out. Many canal was started! Then teams and

JESSIE EVANS SMITH pictures of those days came to my men went to the canal to work, boys and the mind. Tents were lined up and laughing, harnesses rattling, women

TABERNACLE CHOIR down along the river, and how plainwith babies in their arms seeing ly everyone could be heard! In the them off.

'TIS "BEHOLD, EVENTIDE"evenings the horses were taken out Wages to be paid for men and (Solo only) across the river on the hills and teams were set at four dollars, and

A magnificent 12"record $1.31 herded, while people gathered in for single hands, two dollars and

"MY PICTURE BOOK OF SONGS"groups here and there, talking over twentyfive cents. Six dollars an

Nineteen cleverly dramatized songs for children in conditions, playing a guitar, singing acre was to be charged for the land, an eyecatching album $3.95 songs that were popular or hymns. two dollars of this to be paid in cash

"JOSEPH SMITH'S OWN STORY"One menace was the rattlesnake; at the time the amount of land was

A narrative reading of the origin and building of a woman found one in her tent, signed for, the rest in work.

the Church A. McKinlay. by Lynn

records Three semiflex with album $5.05 which made us all afraid. Sometime later a new note

From your record dealer or direct from As stated before, arrangements crept into the regular morning had been made to secure tools from and evening community prayers.

RECORDING ARTS, INC. Mr. Haskins, the hardware dealer Often when President Sessions

for order Bridger, at Montana. to for a An prayed, he asked way

St., Salt City 1, Utah Lake Temple 19 West South sent to him tools was necessary the food and opened be up that sales customers tax Utah add

Add Postage for Mail Orders by Mr. C. A. Welch, who collected shelter might be obtained by them

the money, went to Bridger, and for the coming winter. I believe it

paid for them. Freight wagons increased every day, and a question

were sent to Bridger for the tools, began to form in my mind as to grain, food, and other necessities. whether it was a serious problem. I

For the freight wagon, two or knew they had very little money,

J three wagons were hitched together, but then that youthful spirit in all with eight or ten horses. The freight of us believed some way had always

wagons supplied the country with been provided and always would food, clothes, tools, everything! be. Then a fast and prayer were

CATHEDRAL CHIMES and Fifteen or twenty miles a day was observed. In later years one of my

their speed. strongest testimonies was the anThere were about two hundred swer to that prayer meeting.

people now at the head of the canal. Strangers were observed in camp

Elder Franklin S. Richards, attorone day. The rumor spread that

Within the reach.- i ney for the Church, drew up articles they were railroad men and had

regardless church, of every 1 of the if there incorporation Big Horn did people of the to see come or budget. of size Over 1 1,00C m of Company. Colonization the road to take The some canal not want testify to their superior installations P

to food, was were work they to do. which This meant grading tone,'dependable 'on,...operation. Canal. horses. the called for Sidon living, to feed for be means

Vibrachimes Chimes Cathedral 'MAAS it important the train most came the by, Then goes when Now Carillons Vibrachdrd Celeste Harp 1900. of all, 28, Nearly railroad that the to day seems was May me

Ask your nearby Maas Dealer or write to: A to the in to river, built everyone went accomplish help camp that time at

MAAS ORGAN CO. and all joined in singing, "Come, the building of the canal. Half

Come, Ye Saints."the colony remained on the canal

Elder Woodruff outlined the task and half on the railroad, each group before them, "The canal will be getting half money and half ditch about thirtyseven miles long. It must stock for their pay.

be large enough to carry water to irThese people were in an unDelicious rigate between twelve and fifteen known country; their tents and

will acres. It their thousand take united only homes; they wagons, had SUNVISTA

\}5anWxtai BLACKEYED PEAS this task, gigantic hospitals. effort to perform or Years no doctors BUTTER BEANS

BABY LIMA BEANS for we are few in number. I urge you would pass before they could have

PINTO BEANS tithes to the these comforts. plans pay your and offerings. But any of CHILI PEPPERS

PORK BEANS mm GREENPINTO WITH started; the day. the canal Sabbath made; Keep was Do not were

At Your Grocers profane the name of Deity. Be and after this it was, "ditch, ditch."

150 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The land was surveyed, and two towns laid out—Byron near the

head of the canal, named in honor GLORIFY YOUR CHURCH

Sessions,of our leader, and Byron SERVICE WITH THE MUSIC near the foot Creek on SageCowley of the Pryor Mountains. OF A BEAUTIFUL

Cowley at its present site was laid out in the early fall of 1900. HAMMOND ORGAN

Joseph Neville and others surveyed the land and laid it out into lots. IT will be your *irst choice

As soon as all lots were staked out because and numbered, a drawing for these lots was planned. We had all been

one churches own 1—Over 28,000in at of both the head camps chapels 180 in L.D.S ward the 2—Over

comparable organ far other less than any railroadcanal and on the had and 3—Costs

play 4—Is easyshared so other organ many than less room any upto experiences we had 5—Takes

$4.00 less per year than upkeep G—Average friends. fastbecome

A number representing a lot was WRITE IN FOR FULL INFORMATION STORESOR BETTER STILL DROP INTO ONE OF OUR put in a hat. Those who had worked

for of paid a certain amountup or CO. MUSIC GLEN BROS. ditch stock orland allowed were

1907 OGDEN ESTABLISHED CITY SALT LAKEto draw a number. As each stepped

up and drew his number, he became the owner of a lot on which to build his home. (Mine, for example, was lot 3, block 44. ) Charles

of the hadA. the map Welch town. BOTH NEW FOR 1950 elated, disapwere someSome

pointed, but very few thought of to look those lotschanging. Going LYMAN MOTOR CO. INC. going home.over was like

Following the drawing in SepPresents tember 1900, the canal work was discontinued, about eight miles of BEAUTIFUL NEW BUILDING REMARKABLE NEW DODGE the ditch having been completed. To Serve You Better For Greater Value

Many person began hauling logs New Elevated Showroom Flashing Performance from Pryor Mountain in Montana Modern Fire Proof Building Extra Power with which to build log cabins to New Passenger Car Service New Styling house themselves and their families Special Truck Service Luxurious Interior for the winter; however, most of the 74,000 Sq. Ft Parking Lot Easy Comfort

people moved their tents up Sage Greater Economy

Creek near Pryor Gap to work on the railroad. These families spent

the winter in boardedup tents. I COME IN AND LET USwas thankful for my log cabin. Show you our new building and facilities

Our land was at what is now Also give you a ride in our New Dodge

Cowley. The men went up Sage (Immediate Delivery)

Creek to the Pryor Mountains 1000 South Main St., Salt Lake City PHONE 9-7655

over a poorly made road and obtained logs. Two loads made our

house. There was no lumber except in and around the door and THE ALEXANDRIA

one small window. The house was HOTEL BETTER SEEDSfeet, withtwelve by fourteen a 5th & Spring Sts. BETTER CROPS! ridgepoles nailed of small to aroof

Prices Before Buyingpole sloping to the sides. These AnnouncesLOS ANGELES.the appointmentCALIF. of Get Our

this with mud. daubedwere My, H. BECKETT RAY

to walls me;house was grand Associate to as Manager Also18, 421148-0,and 46%1620-0Superphosphateand 6-30-0

keep off storms, a place to hang (formerly Resident Mgr. of

things up, a rag rug from our Utah Lankershim Hotel) Send us a postcard for price list home on the floor, a cupboard on YOUR HOST ON THE National Farmers Union Service the wall, a frame for the bedsprings. COAST Corp. dba

My cook stove kept it warm. Home! MEET YOUR L.D.S. SEED CO. KELLY WESTERNWe HERE moved into it November 1, FRIENDS

Salt 11 Lake City Box 14381900. BATH 500 ROOMS WITH

{Concluded on following page) FEBRUARY 1950 151 COLONIZATION OF THE BIG HORN BASIN (Concluded from preceding page) anyone who ever worked for the bor's boy playing a harmonica.

About sixteen families remained Burlington Railroad."That, and the determination of

in Cowley during the winter of By February 23, 1905, when the everyone not to grumble or quit, 1900 and 1901. These families were first train arrived at the Cowley are the characteristics of the settleia

desirous of having a school, but depot, the people had earned bethat stand out in my thoughts to they had no books and no money. tween ninety and one hundred thounight as I have traveled back fortyPioneers, however, usually find a sand dollars, which had all gone to nine years to that first Christmas iu

way to overcome difficulties. One the building of the country. Cowley.

of the men, WMliam W. Willis, As I sit here this evening, with Our first real celebration waa

had gone down on the Shoshone these bright lights all around, and New Year's Eve, December 31,

River with his family in order to then think of that first Christmas, 1900. That was a big redletter

look after his cattle. He had built a it seems a complete "blackout."night to us, for the pioneers of

log cabin, and it was decided that About seven small oneroom log Cowley had very, very few "big it would do for the school. The houses made up this town. One times."Yes, we had a dance, and

people hired me to teach the school, coaloil lamp in each house gave a big one, too! W. C. Partridge,

for I had previously taught in Utah. very little light. If the lady of Sr., had just laid the floor in his

The salary was to be enough to the house did not pull down the house. They intended to have two

hire a girl to look after my two blind too tightly, you might have rooms, but they had not yet built children. seen here or there a faint gleam, the partition., and it certainly did

The school opened January 2, otherwise there was darkness everyseem large.

1901, with twentyfour pupils and where. How we danced: quadrilles,

closed May 1, 1901. Almost all the men were up near polkas, waltzes, and schottisches!

One of the things that we missed Frannie working on the railroad, There was a smile on everyone's so terribly was water. Cowley was which left the women to put over face and laughter above the music.

situated on a dry bench six miles anything they could to please the Mrs. Frazer caused much amusefrom the Shoshone River, the nearchildren, and to help keep their ment by telling funny stories, and

est water. The first winter, all faith in Santa alive. Stockings Hyrum Cook had some difficulty

the men went back to the railroad were hung up in faith, and many in calling for the quadrilles. The

as it had to be finished by a certain a mother wondered how on earth ladies'skirts were so long they date. After that was completed, to save heartbreaks. Candy made swept up every particle of dust.

everyone would go back to work in secret, a small pie, a dressedover Everyone had brought his lam on the canal. A Mr. Dickson was doll, one of Dad's knives, and a along. One of the men had made a

left at Cowley to haul water. few marbles were all we had. trip on foot the day before, and we

The night the water from the One small store down near the had a gallon of coal oil from Cook's river came to the town of Cowley river had kerosene, salt pork, and store on the river, so we wouldn't through the canal, July 14, 1902, some dried fruit. The storekeeper have to go home too early.

everyone was out serenading, beatproudly told the ladies he had some The children went to sleep on ing tin tubs, cans, and anything figs in for Christmas. A package the benches while the dancing conthat would make a noise. How we from the folks back home saved tinued. We had the picnic at midrejoiced—and who does not over many a child sorrow. night, more dancing, and then went

the successful accomplishment of a Early Christmas morning we home through the piercing cold, task! Yes, and the successful comawoke to a clear, cold, bright sun lamps in hands, babies in arms; our

pletion of a dream! and the sound of a distant neighthrilling time was over.

Land and water must be brought together to make the soil productive in agriculture. Our first gardens

were raised in Cowley in 1902, UNIVERSITY OF UTAH every radish, bean, or tomato pro- (Continued [com page 98) collected in pioneer America, and ducing a thrill. How we irrigated quadratic Equations, Natural Philosophy. comprised a rare collection of literAeneid, Third too much! Term—Virgil's Latin ary and scientific works. It wasthem—perhaps Iliad, Greek Composition, Homer's Prose

Twentyseven miles of railroad Prose Composition, Geometry, Roman brought by ox teams to this state in were finished August 22, 1901. DurHistory. 1851, and was purchased in New

ing the years 1905 to 1908 the railFourth Term—Virgil's Bucolics, Homer's York City by Dr. John M. Bernroad was continued on to ThermopIliad, Greek Prose Composition, Greek hisel. There were the works of

olis. TestamentHistory. (Gospels), Geometry, Roman Shakespeare, Milton, Bacon, Homer,

I. S. P. Weeks, who had charge Juvenal, Lucretius, Virgil, Euripiof the railroad work, said to Jesse The courses of study for the des, Sophocles, Plato, Montaigne,

W. Crosby, Jr., "Mr. Crosby, the sophomore, junior, and senior years Tacitus, Spenser, Herodotus, Goldwork you contracted has been comwere along these same lines, and the smith, and many others of the

pleted, and we are more than library in the old Council House masters of the world's best literapleased with the way you have made it possible for the students to ture. The library received copies

handled the job. You have done the study the classical subjects. The of the New York Herald, New

best work with the least trouble of library was possibly the finest ever York Evening Post, the Philadel152 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA phia Saturday Courier, and the

North American Review. Of the

scientific works there were Newton's Principia, Herschel's Outlines

Astronomy, andof Von Humboldt's treatisesCosmos. The on philOF WHAT

osophy included the works of John

Stuart Mill, Martin Luther, John WORTH ISWesley, Swedenborg. and Emanuel

The school had an enrolment of two hundred and twentythree stuINTEGRITY?

dents. The number of students was

more than doubled the next year, and the University of Deseret from then on had a steady growth. In

1875, thirtysix graduates received diplomas.

Every catalog that followed Purchasers of long experience have found through the years gave the names that it pays to deal with business firms of the faculty members. There

were teachers who played a great who are worthy of their confidence.,

part during their lives in the educational, social, and, in some instances, political activities of the state. It would take a book to say what The DESERET NEWS PRESS

should be said about the old profesPrinters—Book and Edition Binders

sors who gave their lives as finely Serving the Intermountain Empire in the Graphic Arts trained men to the educational infor nearly a century.

terests of the state. As one recalls

them, one remembers how they all Sales Office at 40 Richards St. Plant at 1605 South 1900 West

taught young men and women to Salt Lake City seek eagerly the meaning and beauty of the things of the spirit.

There was then, and there always has been, a high concept of moral principles which grew out of the teachings of Christ, in the belief that every subject that enlarges the W horizon of the student and gives MINER him a truer, saner, and more liberal view of man and life should besaps. come part of the curriculum. It is MIKE

not the subject that determines these qualities, but the spirit in which it is taught. Many of the graduates

of Utah may recall how Professor Farmers in Utah own 350 times more acres

William M. Stewart liked to rethan the mines, but the value of produccite the words of Epictetus: tion from the two industries stacks up

You will confer the greatest benefit on just about the same.

your city, not by raising the roofs, but by exalting the souls of your fellowcitizens; for it is better that great souls

live in small habitations, than that abject slaves should burrow in great houses. UTAH MINING ASSOCIATION

A notable event in the history of the university was the memorial service, held June 9, 1919, when the

Park Building was dedicated. HunFIFTY YEARS for OVER IIM USE old students graduates dreds of and A WECOMPLETEOFFER...

of simple in treatment Canker, to the honor came campus to SERVICE Aids the ENGRAVING. other minor mouth throat and to the Largest sore Portraits Missionary office From president held former who Catalogues. irritations. and throat

Attention Prompt Orders Given Mail services until 1893. from 1868 The

were impressive, for no teacher of UTAH ENGRAVING CO. Utah was held in greater respect 113 Regent St. Salt Lake City, Utah HALLSSalt Lake REMEDYCity, Utah

(Concluded on following page) FEBRUARY 1950 153 UNIVERSITY OF UTAH

[Concluded from preceding page)... Founded by the pioneers for the During all the years since the

than was Dr. Park. During his education of the youth of this CommonUniversity has graduated students,

years of presidency he became wealth,have thiswe beautifulare gratefulcampusthat ourandchildrenthese annual commencement exercises known throughout the West, and buildings as a centre of learning for thy have been held to honor them and lectured extensively before the glory and honor. Many noted men have to send them forth into life that

teachers of the public schools. The gone from these halls as graduates and they might take part in the living

march of the alumni that day, toholdthey, themwith thein deephundredsand lastingof otherreverence.Alumni, present and work out their destinies

gether with the president, regents, We dedicate this building, O Lord, to be as honorable citizens. They look

and professors then in the univer- a sovereign centre for the highest intelforward, and the hopes for the sity, was an impressive thing. It lectual and moral life of all its students, future inspire them.

was led by Held's band, and the andto come.we askMaythee itto beblessa lightit for untoall timethe Life at the university today is

program included an address by many young people who will come in cosmopolitan, and the students are future to here, L. days study Senator they Rawlins, and Joseph may who living present. taking part in the in the learning that of paths walk lead in the university a professor was

lives the are freshened Their by to eternal thine truths. they never May in seventies. early the Professor

falter in the original of idea of Cause Purpose thy discovery and and new

Willard Weihe, former professor Holy Word. thought. They are students of the

violin solo, music, of gave a and sciences philosophy, and Professor the literature, Bishop gave F. M. to the Dr. Park, ode composed by of the the world. Students from at the address grave Park, of Dr. Stephens, the read Evan was by nations Oriental are a novel adding it the students with covered when author:

life to the the campus, Hindus and flowers. Professor closed Bishop

MEMORIAL ODE hisdressremarksgiven bybyquotingDr. Parkfrom toan adthe playsand Chineseof Shakespeareare discussingand thethe

of philosophy William James. "As of teachers the Salt City Lake halls that rise, Ye "it Bible,"for the one, says Holy at schools the his beginning of

lies firm foundation A is that unite the the will yet book as president of the Univereverlasting hills beneath career mighty Of in the of world Fatherhood sity: God

walls. your

Strong and secure, sortIt takesof teacher.a peculiarAs manto tohis beintellectualthe right andthe campusthe brotherhoodthese foreignof man."studentsOn

Cemented to endure qualifications, his mind should be a founrecite their individual faiths and ages yet to come, whattain not that Through a reservoir, and his so knowlimpart their beliefs in such words as illustrations will edge of and themgush up e'er befalls.

selves, and not have to be drawn as by the following:

a windlass. He should be a man of

Greater than ye, ingenuity and tact, of various resources SHINTO:

Though strong and fair ye be, and expedients, and not a helpless crea- I will halt here today; and, having puriAriseth even now a fond and ture of custom, plodding on day after fied myself, will go forth tomorrow; and

in beaten path, like day the same horse a honored name mill. a bark in fresh should be worship at the temple of the—KojikiDeity. 133 He For which ye stand, hisin feelings sympathies and not a and

And crown our beauteous land, statue or petrified post; his heart should BUDDHISM:

Where shall endure for aye his be young in all its pulsations, though his Let one cultivate good will towards all work and fame. head be as bald as that of the prophet the world,—a mind illimitable, unobElisha. His mental storehouse should be structed, without hatred, without enmity.

Knowledge and art filled with the fruits of various and exThis mode of living is the supreme good.

150151And love shall ne'er depart tensive reading, so that he need not be—SuttaNipata

From this fair temple in his honor thecompelledrecitationto room,draw fromhis illustrations,the tales of forhis JUDAISM:

built and named. grandmother, nor from the old textbooks... and they shall beat their swords

Long side by side, he studied years ago, nor alone from the into plowshares, and their spears into

All glorious shall abide examples and methods of his own former pruninghooks: nation shall not lift up

Your names, together blent, beteacher,year's almanac.nor from the treasures of last learnswordwaragainstany more.nation, neither shall they

loved and famed. No two persons are exactly alike in—Isaiah 2:4

their views and actions. There may be

Immediately after the program in points of resemblance, but there will be CHRISTIANITY:

the gymnasium, the crowd assemshades of difference more or less striking. Blessed are the peacemakers: for they

the teacher should ever While thankbe ofbled in front the administration ful to learn others, from should he never shall be called the children—Matthewof God. 5:9building, William where results to attain W. Riter, seek in precisely the same

chairman of the Board of Regents, way that he has seen them secured by The ideals of the founders of gave an address in which he reothers. the university have been realized.

counted the long years of service of Its graduates have gone into all the

Dr. Park. Dr. Seymour B. Young, world to play their parts in making

a graduate from the College of the world better. They go with the

Physicians and Surgeons of New words of an ancient sage, rememYork, gave the dedicatory prayer, bered for all time:

and brought his eloquent message Not thine to complete the work, neither to a close with these words: art thou free to lay it down.

154 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA lehi in the Desert

(Continued from page 104) Returned language of his fathers—he cannot

possibly be speaking of Hebrew.

The necessary precautions to preserve Hebrew would naturally inMissionaries...

clude possession of the scriptures, Enjoy the fellowship and association but these could be had anywhere in of other returned missionaries now

Judah and would not require the studyingAn activeatgroupthe L.D.S.of aboutBusiness40 membersCollege.

dangerous mission to Laban. The are now attending the L.D.S. You can

accounting, in fields such as language of Lehi's forefathers was specialize office work. or general stenography,

a foreign language; and when the Choose from both day and evening

Book of Mormon tells us it was the classes.

language of the Egyptians, it means what it says. Friendly environment of Topnotch equipment

inspiration and culture Not only do both Nephi and Lehi Experienced staff interSocial activities and new show marked coolness on the subested in young people friends ject of tribal loyalty, but both also

For tribe that protest nothing, counts for Further BUSINESS COLLEGE Information that the blessings availare same 70 North Main Salt Lake City able to all men at all times and in Write or Call L. 1/. all parts of the world (Ibid., 10:17- \

L.D.S. Training doesn't cost, it pays.

22), that "the Lord esteemeth all flesh in one"(Ibid., 17:35), there

being no such thing as an arbitrarily "chosen"people. (Ibid., 17:3740.) *w STOP SMOKING? This is in marked contrast to the BASKETBALL NicoStop, new medical discovery, will help you

EQUIPMENT stop the tobacco habit. Pleasant tasting. A

fierce chauvinism of the Jews at few drops on the tongue relieves craving AT

Jerusalem and is of a piece with ONCEulated andtobaccostartspoisons.clearingPrescribedthe systemby physicians.of accumLehi's pronounced cosmopolitanism smoking.Priced atMoneybackless than theguarantee.cost of Ata fewdrug weeks'stores

write to NicoStop Sales Co., Box 193, St. in other things. Lehi, like Moses or

Calif. Helena,

and his own ancestor, Joseph, was a man of three cultures, being eduNICO-STOP cated not only in "the learning of NICOSTOP, BOX 193, ST. HELENA, CALIF.

the Jews and the language of the Stop.Please send me further information about NicoEgyptians,"but in the ways of the Name

desert as well. This threecornered A gym shirt or a complete outfit Address

culture is an established pattern in, for your M. I. A. Team., i You'll

that part of the world where the find quality, style, value... at City State

caravans of Egypt and Israel pass each other, guided through the desert sands by those men of the gobe- the immemorial werewho ZZZ2Z2E2aCORNER SECOND SOUTH AND STATE &> JOILY 87 tween of the two civilizations. TIME

Without the sympathetic cooperaBESTthere is tion of the Arabs any passage ftorHomePopping through their deserts was a terrible AMERICA'S FAVORITE POP CORN risk when not out of the question, and the good businessman was the one who knew how to deal with HEADQUARTERS FOR L. D. S.

meant to be one J IN LAS VEGAS, NEVADA Ithe Arabs—which88

of them. YE KING'S REST MOTEL

The proverbial ancestor of the 526 SOUTH 5th STREET

Arabs is Ishmael. His is one of the Dr. Harold B. Foutz. Owner

few Old Testament names which is Edgar H. Foutz, Manager

89 Beautyrest Mattresses Throughoutalso at home in ancient Arabia.

His traditional homeland was the

Tih, the desert between Palestine

BANQUETS WEDDINGS LANKERSH1Mand Egypt, and his people were HOTEL ALL SIZE PARTIES 7th * BROADWAY the of between "borders"haunters thethe desert sown; 90 and he was ROOMS WITH BATH GOOD FOOD

regarded as the legitimate offspring MA'S & PA'S PLACE

OgdenSalt Lake Highway PHONE 2-0824of Abraham by an Egyptian 'TWO PERSONSLOS ANGELES0NE CHARGE'U.S. 91

(Continued on following page) FEBRUARY 1950 155 LEHI IN THE DESERT

(Continued from preceding page) the least be said for it, the name where it is commonly supposed to mother. His was not a name of Lehi is thoroughly at home among be a rather mysterious poetic subgood omen, for the angel had the people of the desert and, so far stitute for Solomon. It is, however,

promised his mother, "... he will as we know, nowhere else. like Lehi, at home in the south

be a wild man, his hand will be The name of Lemuel is not a condesert, where an Edomite text from against everyone, and every man's ventional Hebrew one, for it occurs "a place occupied by tribes dehand against him...,""L so the only in one chapter of the Old scended from Ishmael"bears the

chances are that one who bore his Testament (Proverb 31:1, 4), title, "The Words of Lemuel, King

name had good family reasons for doing it, and in Lehi's friend Ishsurely ofmael have a man we the * Lehi,desert. the proswith facedpect of a long journey in the wilderDAY-

ness, sent back for Ishmael, who promptly followed into the desert With Jrtd Jrobtewis and /-"/rotni.de

with a large party; this means that

he must have been hardly less adept BY RICHARD L. EVANS

at moving about than Lehi himself.

The interesting thing is that Nephi Come nineteen centuries or so ago there walked among takes Ishmael (unlike Zoram) commen one Jesus of Nazareth, the Christ, the Son of pletely for granted, never explainGod, the Prince of Peace. His fortunes varied from being

ing who he is or how he fits into acclaimed King to being condemned to death. Even the

the picture—the act of sending for sick whom he healed did not always pause to give gratihim seems to be the most natural tude. And in his time of greatest need he could not even

thing in the world, as does the marcount on those who but a few days before had strewn riage of his daughters with Lehi's his path with palms. The principles he proclaimed were

sons. Since it has ever been the not popular with the prevailing powers of his time and

custom among the desert people for were not well understood by the people. And because

a man to marry the daughter of his precepts and principles apparently have not prevailed, his paternal uncle (bint 'ammi), it men have sometimes become cynical, have sometimes is hard to avoid the impression that despaired, have sometimes lost hope and faith in the

Lehi and Ishmael were related. future. But let no man lose faith in the future: The

There is a remarkable association spirit of this day is proof of what life could be like when between the names of Lehi and his precepts are put even into partial practice. And the

Ishmael which ties them both to spirit of many darker days is proof of the price we pay the southern desert, where the for departing from his principles. But even though men

legendary birthplace and central have made many mistakes in the use of their Godgiven shrine of Ishmael was at a place freedom, the promising part of the picture is this: not that

called Beer Lehairo'i. 92 Wellhausen so many men forsake these principles—but that the prinrendered the name "spring of the ciples themselves persist—that they are here and await

wildox (?) jawbone,"but Paul only a time when men shall turn to them. If there were

Haupt showed that Lehi ( for so he no plan, no pattern, no purpose, if there were no allpre- reads the name) does not mean vailing Providence, no way provided for the solution of "jawbone"but "cheek,"93 which the problems, the depth of despair would be unbounded;

leaves the meaning of the strange but the fact is that there is an answer, that there is a compound still unclear. One thing pattern for peace, that there is an allprevailing purpose,

is certain, however: that Lehi is a and that there is sound reason for an unfailing faith in

personal name. Until recently this the future—in the gospel of the Prince of Peace, which

name was entirely unknown, but is here, and ever ready for us to turn to whenever men now it has turned up at Elath and shall have learned their lessons. And now soon again,

elsewhere in the south in a form after this day and tomorrow, we shall go back to our which has been identified by Nelson pressing problems, back to the pressure of the daily purGlueck with the name Lahai suits that make more and ever more demands upon our which "occurs quite frequently patience. And as we do, we could well determine to take

either as a part of a compound, with us the spirit of this day, which lights the eyes of chilor as a separate name of deity dren and puts laughter on their lips and mellows the or person, particularly in Minaean, hearts of men. In the words of Dickens: "Nearer and

... God blessThamudic, and Arabic texts."04 dearer to our hearts be the Christmas spirit.

There is a Beit Lahi, "House us, everyone."

of Lehi"among the ancient place- *Jke Spoken lAJord FROM TEMPLE names of the Arab country around SQUARE PRESENTED OVER COLUMBIA BROADGaza, but the meaning of the CASTING SYSTEM, DECEMBER 25, 1949 So

V"v*name has here been lost. If 3T

156 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA of Massa.""6 These people, though couldlittle lessuse space!it to writeIt is unthinkabletheir nativethatHebrewthey shouldin a

their shelved sacred practical superbly andspeaking alhave that a language was script (Torczyner, Letters, to Lachish p. 15) sweat HARD OF HEARING?most Arabic, at learning of well one were yet within the worst of writing systems

devised to simply save at that and space—the sphere religion, for ever of Jewish the risk grave of being misunderstood on every Revolutionary invention

line. to main objection The the theory, however, have"we nowhere evidence any is that can't one save space by writing Hebrew betters hearing with—in Egyptian characters. script to Any compete the that Edomites other used any

with in Hebrew economy to would have a be shorthand. for their that thename than know demotic Yahweh, We Egyptian God

of 96 Lehi's time almost that, was also and know we the of the Hebrews."that God is shorthand short virtue of being by very ABSOLUTELY closely to adapted the peculiar sound combinations of only the example The name

. of a particular i.e., language, is the most

highly idiomatic form of writing itknown, as and to of be found Laman anywhere such cannot be transferred from one to language another without losing is its its writer's the to ateconomy. knowledge Hebrew can NOTHING be in written Egyptian characters, as and German to tribution ancient an Russian or can be written in Mukam, bwt Gregg, not economically, to the least. say Lehi taught had "... been in place, Palestine. sacred of Most the language of the Egyptians"still while he was

living in Palestine; IN for and what would he have EAR! of are THE these unknown, and Mukams used Egyptian script in Palestine? for writNot

ing Hebrew, certainly, but Developed prehistoric, for of of by famed Sonotone date. writing them Labothemany only

language to which that is script adapted—Egyptian. ratories, oscillator astounding weighs Israel In tribe the rhat of only the Manasseh prehistoric Semitic alphabet derived was

7 from Egyptian characters less has of course than ounce. no bearing battery an Bulky is It built striking them."coinci- a on the in the our end case—own English alphabet with packs weighty connecting has cords the origin, same but that it does not make that in the dence Conder saw name hgyptian. outmoded out! Find now how can you

that it "Granted he his ( the as heLeimun, renders writing knew vowels have would hear through your with bones to amplitranslated be for both Gentile and (this Jew suppliedmust be guesswork), would by not have the been case had he written in fied vibrations, sound of instead Hebrew!). like Nephi, Mormon thinks (8:35), of the possible corruption ofa name himself ears, through actually as this your with addressing his future unseen

is to marvelous discovery. Lemuel, thus bringing these two readers.conform asThenearlynaturalas possiblething in to suchthe asituationcase that

is one idealizing. For for the situation in closely so Nephi associated calls thenames, MAIL COUPON

for Egyptian. in written he Had the Hebrew, free booklet. "NOgift into the of most of and Mormon,Book power God would not have been necessary

for the translation of his work, which would have I'M BODY KNOWS relationship, in thatintimate and at required most a knowledge of a and Hebrew chart of DEAF."but twentytwo symbols, which could in thethe instance one which name easily have been reconstructed from text. the More 98

than twentytwo brings symbols the upof shorthand appears. Far popumore Laman

problem. lar C2E. the the as Bickerman, J. Arabs among among of "Colophon the Greek

Esther,"Jnl.Bib.Lit. 63 339ff, (1944), that showing SONOTONE theNephites Alma, which the name was tradition of the colophon was carefully most Y. N. Box IE-1, Elmsford, preserved in Egypt. R. O. Faulkner, Bremer- "The mail, of coat mountain, a acan mean Rhind II"Papyrus—Jnt. Eg. Archaeol. XXIII 99 free Please send

cf. (1937) 10; F. LI. Griffith, sign. of Teachingor a "The booklet, "Nobody Amenophis the of Son Kanakht,"XII (1926), JEA It that Deaf,"here Knows I'm should noted be FREE!

loc. cit. 6MFauIkner, to: fully demonstrated hasarchaeology cit. 04Bickerman, op.

is Name formula onThe iw-f is pw. thus,"and Israelites,that then the as now,

the concludes of Story Sinuhe lit.and"it the Maxims of Address Apt. the Sages Ptahotep and Kagemeni, slightest to Sethe, K. aversion the nothad

Aegyptische Lesestuecke (Leipzig, 17, 1924) pp. City State...

42, in their children discussedgiving 43; his nonJewish zti Edaeuterungen aeg. den

Lesestuccken (Leipzig, 1927) 21. 58, 61. pp. "That thosenames, names even is its when end"concludes the Teaching of Amenophis,

100 Griffith, cit. op. 225. p. a of background. pagansmacked MA. H. Gardiner, Literary "New from Works

Ancient I Egypt,"(1914) 25; incidentally, in JEA speculative might, a mood,One

the Egyptian here quoted had connections with

Palestine, id. 30. of Lehi's p. detect somethingeven UP SAVE TO 50% ON 97Meyer, Gesch. d. 1:2, Alt. 176.

in the he historypersonal names Teaching of 68The is Amenophis addressed, "For his son, the youngest his of children, little compared first to his twogave The BUTLER."BUILDINGS to... his relations text a Then follows long

(SteelAluminum or Galvanized) presenting a number of recall surprising they to parallels Arabic thehave names—dosons. of Book Proverbs (p. 202) a and remarkable one

in trade? I, tohis the early caravan Ps. the days righteous being man to compared "a

tree in.. grown a plot its is fruit (?) sweet, Egyptian two have secondThe its is shade pleasant,"etc. II this to Compare.

Ne. 3. Lehi's description of fruit as "white"indeed they were bornnames, and

is 8:11) a typical Egyptianism (A. Erman (I H.Ne.2 Grapow,and 6 Woerterb. d. his prosperity. aeg. III, of Sprachein the days The 206f, AS GYM OR RECREATION HALL

in tribulationslast two, born amid foregoing illustrates this; note "The see von A. for every other. and building in need

Gall, Basileia tou (Heidelberg, Theou 1926).industry,. pp. Agriculture. or Commerce Butler fitting called desert, withthe were 4882; Meyer, 1:2, G.d.A. 274; Archaeol. Buildings in limitless are available floor

the Relig. Israel, & 21; p. D. Simpson, all sizes plans for "The and requirements.humility, Albright,C Joseph. and WhethJacob

of Hebrew Bookof Proverbs the and Teachings of Mail Further For Coupon Information. Amenophis,"first four XII the of 232ff. (1926), were theer JEA names

Gall, cit. op. 6568; pp. Breasted,

of the last those twomeant, as p. sons Egypt,Von 547. History of PARAMOUNT SALES CORP.

67f. p. Gall, 71Von (II 2:1,certainly 3:1), Nephi were Lake City, 860 Richards St. - Salt Utah v. Gall, 72Gardiner, op. 4955. cit. pp.

of danger preparing 73The expedition for an in the P. 0. Box call circumstances 2015, Salt Lake theto City, Utah to mind

is obvious, curiosity since the to leads aroused (Butler - er) Gymns born, the citydangerous questions they and farreaching have were which mayunder names are certainly a striking indieffects,Scribners,see 1932)Bertramp. 36,Thomas,with theArabiaaccountFelixof prepara-(N. Y., Please send full details for FARMER DEALER

cation of their triple heritage. H.tionsSt.andJ. B.activitiesPhilby, atThetheEmpty"base Quartercamp"pp.(New112124;York, Name

9-13. Holt, Henry 1933) pp. be continued) {To

Address xiv. col. Aramaic Papyri, 1.208.

BIBLIOGRAPHY 74Cowley,75 E;d. Israeliten Meyer, Die und

Illustrations ihre NachCity "Further '"}. Offord, State (Halle, of the Elephanbarstaemme 307. p. 1906),

127. 1917, Papyri,"p.tine Jewish Aramaic PEFQ this in there are day farmers 76To Palestine who

160. Israel, p. Relig. the ssArchaeol. of Q of their spend living time in much tents on LEI AVAI LAB the DEALERSHIPS Relations Arabs S. Between Margoliouth, The 59D. desert; friend our this Kader Mose class, of was

Israelites to the Prior Islam (The Rise ofand see Kirk, E. G. "The or Negev, Southern Desert

13. Lectures, London, 1924)Schweich p. of Palestine"1941, 60. p. the other PEFQ On

in because wrote Persians Aramaic Egypt The hand. Kitchener Lord 1884, noticed p. (PEFQ 206)

script too learn, toEgyptian hard was clumsy and tentdwelling true Arabs, Bedouins, barley sowing toaccording Semitischen Noeldeke, Th. Die the on land around Gaza. the Of Arabs Moahib THE IMPROVEMENT ERA (Leipzig, are yet 34,Sprachen p. asked 1899) we writes Doughty in [Travels Arabia Deserta. 1933,

to that believe the the process reversed and Jews learned the awkward Egyptian script just so they {Continued on following page) 12 Issues $2.50

FEBRUARY 1950 157 LEHI IN THE DESERT

to think learning of the as not Guillaume, immigrants Habiru. the nomads A. Hebrews, and "The preceding page) (Continued from

in the or the semisavage savage colonists 65f; but as 1946, 67: think not Arabs,""I do PEFQ strike hamlets the up, they harvest "TheirI, 276): is carrying with their to that that the them doubt the memories homes much newstate, Hebrews were

to forth cattle their wander go with tents,of and call of a political developed organization, should with its in Arabs, what usages the using term therewe the Drinkers Karl Raswan, Wind ofas nomads."practices a widest history having sense."Id. and 78: behind them."about the "Somewhere Marat Press, describes 1944) Creative Age(N.Y., goliouth, first Israelites, Arabs of the beginning etc. 25. millennium p. the and B.C. name

desert going between coming easy and thelength or Habiru in 176. gradually 1923. before gave p. Hebrew Baldensperger, the 8P. As way PEFQ often out going of the city, town rich Arabs "and in Arabic F. Albright, formJArabu.'and recently 70, as B. 2000 C. Hebrew had p. W. BASOR sands. or the a season hoursto on few a spend 21: is sharp distinction substantially a yet from "what between was emerged not "No made Hein language, the Indian understood from Aramaeans, and Arabs in the days of the G. M. Crowfoot, Ocean brews, 1933. common PEFQ W. and "J.

Patriarchs."is to from the the frontier to the Taurus Zagros of Lehi and "the Arabian a contemporary 24. Nearlyp.

chief who camped in the outskirts of Jerusalem at of Egypt. This common language (excluding AcGuillaume, op. cit. p. 77, citing Noeldeke.

Nehemiah's time and bore the good North Arabic cadian) was as homogeneous as was Arabic a Though the Jews have always shown great capacity name of Geshem (Jusham)..."N. A. Paris (ed.) thousand years ago,"W. F. Albright, "Recent for assimilating other cultures, by far the "most

The Arab Heritage (Princeton University Press, Progress in North Canaanite Research,"BASOR readily assimilated... was the influence of the

1944), p. 35. 70 (1938) p. 21. The curious and persistent homokindred Semitic culture of Arabia,"S. L. Caiger,

desert Bible the culture language among and Spade (Oxford University Press, 1936) and of geneity Meyer, op. cit. p. 305; cf. G.d.A, 11:1, 486f, Ed.

p. 84. excited the comment, has often East of Near people342ff, 347.

cit. 5; Philby, op. Margoliouth. e.g.. Soc. p. East,"Or. Empty "HalfManasseh,"Immovable The Bergman, MA. "The TOPh.

in Sprachen, Semit. p. 65; Noeldeke, Quarter, Manasseh 225; wasJnl.bornPal. de Egypt p. pp. Dhorme, 1926, 9397; 1922,J. Baldensperger,163: "Le Pays (1936) 52, XVIPEFQ

Israeliten, p. 305, 307; Margoliouth even In a 102-7; 57; Meyer, Manasadopted (id. p. 249). by and Jacob (1911), Biblique N.S Revuelob,"G A.

Barton, "The Original Home of the Story of Job,"notes (op. cit. p. 8) that "A Sabaean (south Arab) site genealogy "the names show a preponderance ofJnt.Bibl.Lit. 31 (1912) 63. This is not to say that would have found little to puzzle him in the first Arabic etyma..."indicating "continual influx

the patriarchs were "primitives,"for "... we are verse of Genesis."from the desert,"(p. 228). Manasseh by an

NOVEMBER MISSIONARIES

MISSIONARIES ENTERING THE MISSIONARY HOME Carlson, Jean Hanneman, LaMon Neubert, Clifford gomery, Melvin O. Dearden, Floyd W. Crump, George

NOVEMBER 7, AND DEPARTING NOVEMBER 16, 1949 H. Jensen, Iwan M. Black, Curtis W. Slade, Ralph L. Sterling Nixon, Clair E. Jorgensen, Dale L. Singleton.

Thacker, Hal Clarke, Dean Bingham, Jayne KnowlFourteenth row: Morris E. Neilson, Leo C. Peterson,

Reading from left to right, first row: Don Bennion, ton, Goldwyn Wimmer, Ingeborg L. Forschner, Emit Gail M. Rogers, Max C. Johns, Robert D. Sellers,

Glen C. Lyons, C. Edgar Peterson, Jr., Lynn J. Hess, Amann, Dick Wright. Raymond S. Kellis, Gail Pew, Joseph Hancock,

Ernel Le Roy Anderson, Howard Hinckley, Darwin Eighth row: Rex B. Lybbert, Harold Alan Wood, Gary B. Lyman, James R. Moss, John W. Derricott.

W. Manship, David A. Randall, Homer P. Johnson, Morgan Eugene Hurd, Robert L. Kendall, J. Reed Fifteenth row: James Bird Allen, Jr., Gary Lloyd

H. Dean Bowler, Lynn O. White, Edward C. Horsley. Bird, Bert Glen Lund, Francis J. Black, George S. Love, Charles W. Hillier, Don Brown, Robert Van

Second row: Daryl Vance Hodson, Barbara Hall, Goble, Orin L. Crump, William L. Perkins, Harrison Wagenen, Oman M. Tracy, Richard H. Shorten,

Mavis Plowman, Thiel Kunz, Marilyn Baird, Max Kerry Frost. Elwyn L. Smith, Randolph Bergesen, Gene F. Deem,

D. Reading, Carol Sanderson, Mack William Tueller, Ninth row: Carlos E. McCombs, Gail S. Young, R. Lynn Harrison, Roy E. Wendt, Douglas Wallace,

Neil Karren, Byron J. Horrocks, Darrell H. Holt. Golden J. Waite, A. Laron Kunz, Gerald N. AtkinMerlin Frank Anderson.

Third row: J. James Ratter, Lynn Pendleton, R. son, John H. Nielson, Grant Clegg, LaDee W. Sixteenth row: Ezra Max Hatch, Richard A.

Dean Harrison, Daniel Nield, Maud Nield, Lois Chadwick, Fredrick Kerkman, Joel K. Mellor. Smith, Stanley Kay Taylor, L. Dean Jones, Richard

Brown, J. Vergil Bushman, Ruth F. Bushman, Melva Tenth row: Wesley C. Wootton, Reid H. Good- A. Jensen, Henry Lloyd Goldsmith, Roy R. Gibson,

Taylor, Lloyd P. Oldham, Lydia O. Oldham, S. rich, Vern W. King, John R. Fridell, Jay A. ThompCharles F. McGuire, John H. Gerstner, Jr., Leon

Boyd Smith, Shirley Steadman. son, Owen J. Benson, Doyle Lavard Wilkins, Layne Thomas Ward, R. Dean Titensor.

Fourth row: Hestella A. Kowallis, Theresia Ander- B. Forbes, Gordon Eli Sloan, R. Richard Gray, Seventeenth row: Donald W. Brown, Donald H.

son, Bessie Eleanor Jensen, Dorothy Gardner, Gene Gerald M. Finch, Leon C. Miller. Sly, Calvin E. Clark, Virl R. Nuttall, Reed C.

McDaniel, Carol Gene McClellan, Oscar L. Rider. Eleventh row: Eugene B. Ronneburg, Richard S. Seegmiller, Richard W. Goldsberry, Richard M.

Fifth row: Vernon Garner, James Bel I ridge, Ruby Despain, Edward Fillerup, Herbert H. Osborn, Taylor, Ronald E. Ashcroft, Daryle Morgan, Dean

fames, Merle Lloyd, Robert S. McClellan, Jessica C. Darrell William Jackson, Ross B. Hutchinson, H. Robinson, Myron W. Thompson.

Richey, Mrs. Hazel Weber, Fred Weber, Frances Don Ashcroft, Jay Fawson, Delbert J. Seamons, Eighteenth row: Delbert Murray Madsen, Shorland

Neff, Jeanne Bowen, Marilyn Randall, Mary Astad, Dean Carroll, Roy Warburton, William Glenn. Garth Hunsaker, John R. Schneider, A. Keith

Wilma Slaughter. Twelfth row: Thomas Oakes, Frank Jacobsen, Schlappy, Boyd Dale Hansen, Vernon R. Spencer, Neil

Sixth row: Watson Ririe, Robert L. Mercer, ShelAllan Nelson, Clair Burr, Dean H. Seely, Dean C. Farr, James C. Hoggan, L. Vernon Woodbury,

don L. Nicolaysen, Elden H. Moss, Wallace L. Holmes, Bob Breinholt, Newel Dee Cox, Lynn Dale Weston Gordon, Dan Jay Workman.

Livingston, Fauntelle Clarke, Mae T. Kunz, Abel Wilkes, P. R. Heilbut, David K. Darley. Left balcony: Harold G. Gardner, Douglas L.

Kunz, Fay Perrett, Beth L. Hakes, Barbara Cambell, Thirteenth row: Emil Junior Rothlisberger, Cleon Orton, Dean L. Hailstone, Howard McArthur.

Winnie Blackner, Zona E. Walker, Fredrick SeiSmith, Earl Dean Knighton, William C. Roberts, Jr., Right balcony: Reed L. Mickelson, J. Robert

bold. Robert D. Biggs, Glen W. Vance, Harrison Eldon McAdam, Arthur E. Hutchens, Wendell Collier,

Seventh row: ReNee Harper, Rosalie Arave, Leona Maughan, James Moyer Grow, Norman J. MontMarcus Barnes, John Keith Haws, John L. Durrani.

158 THE IMPROVEMENT FRA Israeliten. 302. Meyer, p. and Wahabys Bedouins Giiead, of father the Burckhardt, the on Notes begot concubineAramaean

sixth the In I, 275f. 26f, 30f, land 9, the himself (London, 1831) of was portion the Manasseh Zeller,and 198. Bedawin,"B1J. 1901. "The p. PEFQ northern the Gaza, the cit. took century {loc. ). Arabs B.C. Transjordanlc."of Giiead, "wholly M. exclusive to of right the has an hand man 91a"A line Hist. (Herodot. of trade the anchor Egyptian of of East Settlement Segal, ManassehH. "The

to is her, he obliged not cousin; his she but marry Pal. in Soc. Or. Jnl. Albright, refutes the 91, 125131, III. 5, 1918,the 7, Jordan,"PEFQ pp; his consent, the wife without of become cannot threethe by enriched reflux emigration merchants, of this Arab that theory "a was 130).common IV,

I, 113. another Burckhardt, person."Notes The state (Geo. Nabataean alternative the trade founded the of the the side westernfrom Jordan,"cornered

to obstacle the group fact that marthere no was of Desert Southern the or all of that the powerful Kirk, most Negev Manasseh,being "The E.

Ishmael's of sons daughters Lehi's raige with may tie times all 62). the 1941, At tribes, inthe the from desert Palestine,"already was PEFQ

the that people were young as taken almost proof be the not main, the trade p.was PalestineEgyptianbeginning.

cousins. people, Canaan, to these T.if wealth like of his source that M only Ammon, suggested It been has

of antiquity the II, 322f. 144. cit., SyriaPales- Soc. in op. originally Or. Pal. B2Meyer, p. from Jnl. On Aton, wascompetitor

u. Lieblein, trade see Handel threecornered to it, the recommend has thattine, a somewhat theory cheek, Lehi, jaw,"and lo-a', Haupt, "Heb. P. PhythianAdams, 134-6; 76, the preSchiffahrt, has shown pp. J. W.especially since Wainwright 290-5. Jnl.Bibl.Lit. (1914) XXXIII

in p. 1933, Arabah,""Israel of Coptos associations of Palestinianhistoric Min PEFQ

80 Glueck, Elath,"<*N. "Ostraca from BASOR 61f; in S. 142;"NoteG. 1941, Kirk, p. E. original Wainwright, "The Em-(the thePEFQ G. Amon),

fig. 5-6, 2. (1940) 1939. I 1-13 ch. X, p. Kings, 18693, and on of (1931), PEFQPerowne,..."blem Min, XVII "JEA

130-2. in Lists Palestine. Pal. Albright, Soc. Or. 201; Jnl. IV, Survey Western mThe 43. of 161ff, Name p. (1932), (1933), andXVIII XIX

Albright, Archaeot. & the Relig. of Israel, p. 8sIt is equally in the interest of the Bedouins (E. H. Palmer, Comment., London, 1881) p. 358.

171. to have alliances with the town dwellers and mE. ben Yehuda, "The Edomite Language,"

settled of the result the south, though farmers; "the Arabs Thus

travelers of life and indomitable is thana faronecloserwouldaffinitysuppose:between"All Jnl.Pal.Or.Soc.BC. ClermontGanneau,I (1921) 113-5."Moslem Mukams,"in the two ways bases, their wereat

merchants. is nothing..,"toGuillaume,prevent Lehi,PEFQ though1946, p.settled67. thethe desertBedouinstribesor havefellahintheirinalliesthe orcultivatedrelationsportionsamong Survey325. of Western Palestine. Special Papers, p.There

traveler, Palestine of Egypt vol. as above, n. 97, p. and base,at his from being an indomitable

dictated policy that at first by interprets..... no. butdoubtit cutsthis bothwas 272.C. R. Conder, in same 1:3 to mean I Nephiunless one

he never set foot outside the city from the day of ways, and anybody who takes the trouble to inaoSurv. of Wstn. Palest., Name Lists, pp. 40,

his birth—a palpable absurdity. vestigate and understand these relationships will 17, 66.

87"The natural character of the Bedu tribes has find it comparatively easy to make arrangements 1(A. Reifenberg, "A Hebrew Shekel of the 5th

to intermediary of act peowith as a kind beenalways.".. politics. Baldensperger, fixedple, with no be,"PEFQtribes in1997,the p.desert,45. Fromhoweverthe farbeginningthey maythe CenturyArchaeol. B.C."Q the PEFQRelig of1943,Israel,p. p102f;113. Albright,Among

position their geographical forced of those contemporaries Lehi the children of were by 'Arishiye(t) 1925, today "the who p. 85. Even JewsPEFQ

in trade, see fled Persian, frontier to Egypt, Babylonian carry to deal to engage Arabs with "even Egyptian and the and goods byBedus on land from Gaza to Egypt and vice versa. They Elias Auerbach, Wiiste und Gelobtes Land (Berlin, Arabian names may be suspected,"though they

are a peculiar intermediate class; they practice 1932) p. 2 remained good Jews, S. A. Cook, "The Jews of

commerce and agriculture and are camel rearers,"SBMargoliouth, Arabs and Israelites, p. 29. GuilSeyene in the Fifth Century B.C."PEFQ 1907,

(Baldensperger, PEFQ 1922, p. 161), cf. J. L. laume. PEFQ 1946, p. 80. 68f.

DECEMBER MISSIONARIES

MISSIONARIES ENTERING THE MISSIONARY HOME Metcalf, James Holladay, Graydon K. Colder, W. Eleventh raw: Donald W. Moore, Mark W. Staphs,

DECEMBER 5, AND DEPARTING DECEMBER 14, 1949 Farrell Pilkington, Samuel Banner, Ray E. Wayman, Ashel Rex Mellor, Ross M. Young, Dale J. Laub,

Horace S. Baugh. William D. Smith, Richard Kent Miner, Floyd Tuttle,

Reading from left to right, first row: Iris Nelson, Sixth row: Norman Ensign, Wanda Livingston, Duane Bishop, Burdell Dyches, Fred Thornton, Fenton

Arthur W. Reynolds, Robert Kent Richeson, Ted B. lona Roundy, Caroline Hobson, Barbara Dumke, Matkin.

Secrist, Verda Eschler, Don B. Colton, director; Lucille Chapman, Eldon A. Jones, Cleon Hodges, Twelfth row: John D. Cope, Arnold L. Frazier,

Jones, Zohner,Norma Leona F. Reynolds, Stevenson, Vivetta Hunter, LaVar A. Scholes, Mac William Milton T. Clark, Harold Kerry M. Heinz, Rodney

Dorothy Cahall, S. Grant Jewkes, Grace Johnson. Jones. Wendell Ellis Call, Clive Christensen, Hunt, Donald Barney,

Second row: Wilma Mendenhall, Ethelyn Erickson, Seventh row: Lealen Blain Collard, Mary Peel, Boyd Burbidge, Ray L. Sargent, A. W. Ritchhart.

Annie Darlene Price, Lila Carol Brimley, Faye Minnie Hamilton, Norma Smith, Phyliss Wardle, Thirteenth row: Ronald B. Anderson, Eldred W.

Elizabeth Coombs, Norma Fae Lundberg, Barbara Tharin Bigler, Dean D. Baxter, John Colt, Dan Irving, William Heber Hardy, Wayne Nelson, Robert

Anderson, Nancy Barker, Marion Cherrington, R. Sorensen, Verion T. Jackson, Mack W. Brown. Frame, Albert M. Farnsworth, Jay W. Kotter,

Williams, Calapp, A. Elmo Elizabeth J.Thomas Sterling P. Jay Broadhead, Tolman, WagDouglas J. Eighth row: Whiting, Hughes, LeRoy M. Sam

ner. Kirkham. Jr., Forsberg, R. Robert Arthur Wiscomb, W. Max

S. Hill, Hill, row: Third Lois William Samuel H. Fourteenth row: H. Lyle D. Robinson, John Perkins, Clair Millett, A. Arbon, Donald N. Dean

J.Pollock, L. Emily Pollock, Ralph Wilcock, Lenkersdorfer, Annie Hughs. Jimmie Martin, Liddle, Terry, Robert John P. John W.

J.Wilcock, A. McMurrin, McMurrin, Donna Mae E. Darrell Redd, Clay R. Graham, Nield, Green. Grover, T. Bailey, H. W. Loren Fifteenth row: Donald

S. Butler, InaChapman, Armstrong, Charlene J. J. BuchJohn B. Vaughn, Gordon Munns, Ray D. Hatch, Peterson, Jack O. Roy row: Ninth Wagner.Dwaine Jackson, Orvell B. miller, Klinger, Ray William B. Hall, Speakman, George Decker, Calvin M. W. All- A. Bolingbroke, Ruel Chester Lew row: Fourth J. Ellis Leany. H. Bond, Royal Rigby, Milton Vard Loraine Dunkley, K. Waite, Dayle John W. W. Julia Bitton, Laurared, Bitton, Stephens, Harry

L. Squire, G. Peterson, Duffin, L. Joseph Macfarlane. Jay Sixteenth Dickison, row: Benjamin Meade Rich, Catherine H. Stanley D. Stephens,Carl W.

Beecher, Earl Hamberlain, Low, Douglas Glenn J. J. L. Milner, ClaraRich, Clarice Holley, James, James, Gibson, row: O. Tenth W. Henry Owen

R. Street, Jones. Daniel Dale Jr., Buttars. J. B. Stewart R. Milner, M. Kidd, Patch, Eldon Clark Howick, GrantGeorge M.

Fifth row: Joseph James Buckley, William James J. Cal Roberts, Kenneth L. Ropp, Mark Lindsay, Seventeenth row: Orville D. Carnahan, Gerrard

Skidmore, Carl M. Shaner, Jr., DeVon K. Nelson, DeVon R. Woodland, Varon L. Howell, Francis W. B. Denkers, Jr., Herbert W. Wilkinson, Frank ChandCalvin E. Wheeler, DeLoy U. Otttey, Darwin O. Carling, ler, Glenn B. Mecham, Glen E. Rich, Morris J. Brady.

FEBRUARY 1950 159 0WK, D/01S r<c'-<<ttV< -

V "Speak the Speech"ADDRESSES OF L.D.S. SERVICEMEN'S HOMES

"C,"San Diego, Calif. St., 1 Cor. 24th 6 24th 104K.j **A Nsizeur9entthe Peacorrectnas pronunciationcome from a patriarchof patriarchal.that we Aemphalittle Calif. Marysville, St., 615 'T"

& care and observance of the spelling of the word should 1594 So. Beretania St., Honolulu, T.H.

patriotic. The that and word between the difference indicate&

patriarch, whichJ the derives word from word patriarchal is inspired by our blessing one patriarchal father. A means and contributors the to patriarchs power appointed the More in way. every is delivered zine.Father by Eternal and

article one read it. Together of we of with members all comfort connected others the for guidance and of our Church just f read this in we is way night, and it that prompted feeling every to the refers nearly Patriotic from the Church.

own particular magazine. the in My everything about by love of country. M. C. /.& Brentnall written (which |> by Mary those articles are favorite * "issue.) October the from be missing seems to

& Fairmount, West Virginia t- My very dear friends: Sincerely yours, y

Pearson Harriet beloved containing wonderful magazine my your received T M. Pearson) (Mrs. Albert "to proud * 'lection time."It made<v me very son's poem,

? see his name listed with the others. Many thanks.

as it Era regularly reading The Improvement 1 amy surely conTHE LIGHT TOUCH truths, you and beautiful tains so many encouraging& long J gone a have way and accomplished much. May the Red Tape on. go good worky

& Faithfully a friend to the cause.

/s/ Mary S. Cartright A busy man forgot to file his income tax return until a

deadline. the after days few enexcuse. I am "I no have wrote. he just forgot,""I

Denver, Colorado fine."y for the percent five additional closing an (

asKing government the letter from official an He received Kimball Vontella H. B. written by a letter From c the enclosed return out to fill and enough he be good would

it y have and delinquency, his for his reasons stating form, via 5, Salt Lake City, Denver toward I head P\ecember& notarized. family. c *-'y farflung of So part the major resides my where fine. paid back. "Have wrote he excuse,"

. "No If I state. native love relatives and in UtahV my many it said, excuse,"a letter: "No received later he days few I the to take opto going A see. me,. the time have am you& that testifying affidavit file notarized Please excuse. "is an not... personally. meeting you, of and portunity running up\ excuse."no had you all this brilliant ]s of with connected to eager you know I am

publication of ours, The Improvement Era. Congratula-

& tions to you on the splendid, superior type of work you are doing. y in Successthe worldis isn'tbuilt moreon smallthan fivemargins.percentThefasterfastestthan runnerscores

Gainesville, Florida of ordinary runners. The difference between a great race

is a few seconds. No only horse good race a and The Improvement Era horse he in which minute a than for more successful be man can

? Dear Editors: completes a successful job; and the minute the applause dies yy T've been telling my husband for at least a year that some down, the world says, "Let's see you do it again—and better."

& * day I was going to write to you and tell you how much we both enjoy the Era, and it has taken a "missing issue"to get me finally at it.

No doubt anything nice which I might say about The A good way to construct a speech is to use the outline

Improvement Era has already been said many times, and which has been described as a Negro preacher's secret. The

perhaps expressed better than I can do it, but this will just Negro was asked how he preached a sermon. He replied:

let you know that my husband and I are two more of the "First I tell 'em what I'm going to tell 'em. Then I tells

many, many readers who feel that it is a very fine maga- 'em. Then I tell 'em what I done tol''em."

THREE G COUNCIL

Scouts of Pima, Arizona

FIVE Scouts and one Scouter received Eagle awards recently at the Court of Honor held in Pima Ward, St.

Joseph Stake.

The Scouts are left to right, top row: Ernest Griffin, Troop

19, Thatcher, Arizona; Reece Jarvis, Troop 29, Pima, Arizona;

and Clarence McBride, Troop 29, Pima, Arizona.

Bottom row: Keith Crockett, Troop 29, Pima, Arizona;

Scouter L. E. Patterson, District Commissioner, Pima, Arizona; and Bruce Harless, Troop 19, Thatcher, Arizona.

Submitted by Albert O. Quist

Scout Executive

160 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA NEWEST, LATEST EDITIONS OF ESSENTIAL CHURCH BOOKS—

TRIPLE COMBINATION $7.50

Book of Mormon, Doctrine and Covenants, Pearl of Great Price

India paper, gilt edge, leather

L D. S. MISSIONARY BIBLE $9.25

Bible (L.D.S.) Ready References, Cambridge Bible Dictionary and Concordance

Library editions of—

DOCTRINE AND COVENANTS $1.50 BOOK OF MORMON $2.00

PEARL OF GREAT PRICE 85c ARTICLES OF FAITH $2.00 JESUS THE CHRIST $2.75

DOCUMENTARY HISTORY OF THE CHURCH

Joseph Smith's History

Melchizedek Priesthood Study Manual 1950 40c

COMPREHENSIVE HISTORY OF THE CHURCH-6 Volumes $25.00 a set

History of 100 years: 18301930

OUR FAMILY THROUGH THE YEARS New, sturdy, durable, attractive, "cordoban"(tougher than leather) genealogical post binder $2.50 by mail $2.75

With supply of complete set of genealogical forms 100 sheets $4.00

RECREATIONAL SONGS paper $1.00 cloth $1.50

Best recreational song book value in the country.

SERMONS AND MISSIONARY SERVICE OF

MELVIN J. BALLARD

New, inspirational biography and addresses of widely beloved apostle.

$2.50

Order these and other official L.D.S. Publications

from your local dealer, or DESERET BOOK COMPANY P. O. Box 958—44 East South Temple Street

Salt Lake City 10, Utah Be Prepared

This motto of the Boy Scouts of America, celebrating their 40th birthday this month, might well serve wise fathers who want to plan ahead for the education and security of their sons. It is always good judgment to

"fre prepared"with adequate life insurance.

iisiiAMiiMf.mfiif

Salt Lake City, Utah George Albert Smith, President