M A Y, 19 3 8 OAMMbbj, Kali, J&mfdiL SxtmASL RETURN POSTAGE GUARANTEED

SEE PAGE 258 SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH

=,. -.'-.--- -=--- iMMoiaaaui

I- \ SHEUi

"Look the customer square in the eye,"the book says

oil starts "What you staring at?"Mr. Guthrie on your starter ZIP—this

asked me this morning. FLOWING. It won't let your cold

"rm practicing salesmanship, sir/'engine take the licking sluggish oil

I answered, surprised. gives it. And you can't beat this oil

to death with hard driving, either."''Well, I thought it was hypnotism,"he comes back. "How much a quart?"he asks.

So I just forgot the book and went ''That's another beauty of THIS on by myself. oil,"I says, "they don't nick you

"Mr. Guthrie, look. You use that 35. This Golden Shell is a quarter,

use anything else in I wouldn't bus of yours like a taxi—shut off the and "'engine every time you park—my own bus—

"Sure,"he says, "what do you "All right, put it in,"Mr. Guthrie

says. "Why didn't you tell me all want me to do—let it run so you can

sell more gas?"this before?"

"No!"I busts out. "Let me put in Hey, do you suppose that book

Golden Shell Oil—it's made for this has made a SALESMAN out of me

stopand-go driving. When you step—or am I a NATURAL?

Sincerely,

(j/hf ERE THE SUN GOES DOWN cJis the sunset of life iives me myistical lore, CLna coming events Last their shadows before.

—Thomas Campbell

in Lochiel's Warning

TX/'HAT will your sunset years bring? Will they radiate the happiness

that comes through security? Will your homestead be yours? Or

will yours be the lot of one who in earlier years did not look ahead to the twilight age?

Start building your castles today. Own your own home. Now is the ideal

time to begin that home of your dreams. Small equity is needed. Building costs are down. Interest rates on loans are low.

We are now prepared to finance your new dwelling as well as to offer you a free plan service. Build for today... and tomorrow, too. Make

your sunset years radiant years... through our new simplified homebuilding program.

SUGAR HOUSE LUMBER & HARDWARE CO.

1164 East Twentyfirst South Street

M. O. ASHTON, Manager Phone, Hyland 555

1 alcohol can cause ulcer or cancer 7>lmproQementEra of the stomach? Page 260

'The Glory of God is Intelligence"

J. Heber Grant, Stradivarius made in hisPagelife?261MAY, 19 3 8 How many musical instruments Widtsoe, John A,

5 41VOLUME NUMBER Editors is expected of the leadership What Richard L. Evans,

of the Church? Page 263 Managing Editor CHURCH'7HE VOICE OF THE

C. Josephson, Marba

Associate OFFICIAL PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, ORGAN OF THE Editor Whatof Johnwas F.theBennett'sguidinglife?.philosophyPage 264 ASSOCIATIONS, Morris, MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT DEPARTGeorge Q. General Mgr.

MENT OF EDUCATION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD Lucy G. Cannon, Associate Mgr,

TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF THE CHURCH J. K. Orton, Business Mgr. What is the Gospel interpretation

OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS. of human liberties? Page 266

What a young man's attitude toward marriage should be?-Page 268

What are the average extremes of temperatures in Hawaii?....Pagc 272

Our Leaders Must Live tlie Gospel Heber J, Grant 263 How the recent April conference compared with others in attendance? Page 274

(hwuJv JsuduAsiA. How the Church spent its income

John F. Bennett Stephen L Richards 264 last year? Page 274

Human Liberties and the Gospel Albert E, Bowen 266 What is Arianism and what is its relationship to Christianity? II For 268 and Leah Time Widtsoe D* Eternity—Part Page 278

Itself L. ''Takes 274 Stock"of Richard Church The Evans

The Story of Our Hymns George D Pjcr 282 What was happening to the Church

Martha Home Tingey Clarissa A, Beesley 304 one hundred years ago thisPageyear?280

Church Moves On, 290; Priesthood: Melchizedek, 294;

Aaronic, 299; Ward Teaching, 301; Genealogical Society, 302; Who wrote 'True to the Faith"?

Department of Education, 302; Mutual Messages: Executives, Page 282

305; Seniors, 305; Gleaners, 306; Explorers, 307; Juniors, 307;

Scouts, 307; BeeHive, 308; Church Welfare, 283, 284, 285. What are some of the trees recommended for beautification? Page 283

SpsudoL J'SudWdidu Whatgardensthe wasaveragelast year?value of Pagehome284

Hawaii Calls Again Helen S* Williams 272

The Protestors of Christendom—Part IV....Jcimes L, Barker 278 Whattobaccoscientificand thestudylengthdealsof life?with

A ''Flash Back"to One Hundred Years Ago Page 288

Glynn Bennion 280 A Home Garden J, C. Hogenson 284 WhoWestis Germanthe newMission?president Pageof the290

M Men Basketball Les Goates 303 What new books are recommended?

Jr., Now260; Page 291 Mm CanExploringAlcoholthe CauseUniverse,Cancer,F. S. T.Harris,A. Clawson,Jr., 261; We

Enjoy Shade and Beauty, Irvin T. Nelson, 283; On the What specific instructions for MelBookrack, 291; Homing; First Things First, Alice Carroll, chizedek Priesthood quorum mem293; Here's How, 293; Index to Advertisers, 312; Your Page bers and officers came out of the

i"and Ours. 320. recent general conference? Page 294

EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL OFFICES: 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City, Utah

The Recent General Conference John A. Widtsoe 288 CopyrightImprovement1938.Associationby the YoungCorporationMen's Mutualoj the

Church Jesus Christ of Saints, of Latterday The Fable of the Old Man Who Smoked All rights reserved. Subscription price, $2.00

a year, in advance; Single 20c Copy. Richard L. Evans 288

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake as Utah, secondclass matter. for Acceptance Singing Mothers Marba C. Josephson 289 City,

mailing at special rate of postage provided in for section 1103, of Act October, 1917, authorized July 2, 1918.

The Improvement Era is not responsible unsolicited manuscripts, but welcomes contributions. All manuscripts must be accompanied

sufficient postage for delivery return. and Beckoning Roads—Chapter 4 Dorothy C, Robinson 270 forby

Priceless Possession Mary Ek Knowles 286 NATIONAL ADVERTISING

REPRESENTATIVES Frontispiece: Cherrington, Edith Rhythm,

S. 262; Poetry Page, Edward Townsend, San

287; Scriptural 318. Puzzle, Crossword George T. Co., Hopewell 6 FranciscoNew York

E. J. Powers & Co., Chicago

JhsL Qdvsuv Hil. F. Best, Detroit

THIS silhouette study of the Assembly Hall, Temple Square, Salt Lake City, is by MEMBER OF THE AUDIT BUREAU OF CIRCULATIONS

Jeano Orlando, promising young photographer of Salt Lake City. The Assembly

Hall, which seats approximately 2,000 people, is often overlooked because of its A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY proximity to the Tabernacle and the Temple, but it has an architectural cheirm of distinction reminiscent of some of the old world chapels. MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

oJhe \jreatest Value

our jDollar Gonstruction

'4iMA*,''-!'<'<- "jJ - V. -,-"*::tS\

The cost of the facing brick, common backing up brick and flue lining for this beautiful Mountain Red Ruff Face brick home, was only 1343.30, delivered to the building site.

No other dollar spent in the construction of a home will give you greater value than the dollar you spend for the purchase of brick, nor will any other building material provide a lower maintenance cost than brick.

QnJbMiaJbi juck Qo.

3180 South nth East SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Hyland 630

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1938

Ait My Ci;STOMRS

LIKt FUilERGIOlAIaih (ft Qamjih

BECAIfSE OF ITS BEAUTfFUt SEMIotlm Stomach? iUSTROUSSATIMLIKt with charged SHttU. iT'$

article SINS. following is Therightly J AlcoholMANY aj WASHABiE, SERIOUS CHARGE LAYS ANOTHER '*'TOO/'THE DOOR OF KiNG AlCOHOL. AT

By T. A. CLAWSON, JR., M. D.

Tn SPITE of any treatment or precau- * tions that we know how to take, cancers and ulcers of the stomach will develop. However, the number can

be reduced by taking certain precautions. Among these is abstinence from

the use of alcohol.

Alcohol taken into the stomach acts as a stimulant and irritant. It stimulates the tubelike glands found in the

lining of the stomach to increase their output of hydrochloric acid. These

glands normally secrete this acid along with pepsin which is necessary in the digestion of food. The overproduction

of hydrochloric acid in the stomach is known as hyperacidity.

Alcohol acts as an irritant in that it produces an inflammation of the lining of the stomach which is known as gastritis or catarrh of the stomach. It also

causes ulceration of the lining of the stomach. Analysis of the stomach

contents taken after alcohol has been placed in the stomach shows a marked increase in the production of hydrorat inietiot waUfL chloricPostmortemacid. examinations of the

stomachs taken from people dying from alcoholism show the irritating effect of inflammation alcohol the the marked byFULLERGLOYou'll be delighted when you see how lining the of and the stomach of the

Fullerglo's soft, pastel tints cheer your presence of multiple ulcerations.

kitchen bathrooms, Bedrooms, home.

the It is estimated that at least ten per especially in these you will enjoy beauty of Fullerglo's restful, semilustrous cent of the population suffer with peptic sheen. It's nonporous and remarkably ulcer either of the stomach or duoresistant to punishment. denum. The duodenum is that part of

For all your Spring beautifying needs the small intestine immediately joining paints, wallpapers, waxes, cleaners, glass the outlet of the stomach. The relaond mirrors tionship of these ulcers whether in the GLOBE 'Ar

See Your Local stomach or duodenum is of great imBISCUIT FLOUR FULLER PAINT DEALER portance to us.

Clinic Reports from and the Mayo clinics the relaplace W. p. FULLER & GO. other American

Salt Lake City and Ogden, Utah tionship as one ulcer in the stomach to ten in the duodenum. The ulcers are

usually single and not associated with much inflammation of the surrounding tissue. Reports from various European

clinics show a marked variation in the relationship of the ulcers.

In Schmiedens Clinic in Germany they report the relation as being one PHINTS ulcer in the stomach to four in the duodenum, and reports from other German clinics show a relation of one ulcer in the stomach to one in the duodenum, and the ulcers are usually multiple (Concluded on page 297) xphfiinq thsL lAnivMiL By FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR. Plants have their "drinking hours"npHE STAMP of one's own country when their roots absorb more water * seems larger than that of other

PRUiTS and vegetables can now be than their leaves evaporate, and times countries, even though the possible in- "candled"like eggs, by using when more is evaporated than abfluence of shape, size, color, and other

X-rays. The shadows made by impersorbed. From noon to 4 p. m. the most features are eliminated, tests made at

fections in the material can be seen on water is absorbed and evaporated, with Columbia University found.

the screen of a fluoroscope which gives slightly more being evaporated. At "

off light under the action of the X-rays. night enough extra water is taken in 'T'he Italian Stradivarius made 1,1 16

to make up for the loss. -* musical instruments in his life,

violins for which he is so famostly all medicinal products Argentina Tn mous. six years, for to and the 'T'extiles made waterproof by soaking children up

repel in advertising, chemical must a compound new be approved by the copper with combined Aluminum pliant quality of Hygiene. a soft water and have Department elequantities of other and small after > dry repeated washing and even

treatment heat hardened ments by and cleaning. poured water Cloth can have in the farms 200,000 llORE THAN for a cross strong enough be can made it It is dry. stay claimed yet over and to States United power were added 20 to suspend inch square of a section ink even that have beverages and no last lines year. in the breaking without automobiles ordinary fabrics. to such harm power

the alloy. sensitive fingers to are enough /UR cononly the not were Greeks 'T'he half feel large as roughness about a city of Troy. of the Troy * querors

smallest the the microseen as with B. first but before 3000 begun C, was nail finger trained a scope. moving By after ancity as times rebuilt nine one

it at that so surface speed across a a disaster. with The other some met

hits minute, a about 250 rough peaks capthe city one probably seventh was 2 of about one roughness hundred twelfth in the the Greeks tured by detected. of inch be thousandths an can Trojan the using B. C. century by

horse. "11u SIC has charms for some metals.

*"* alloys with and When metals a ITaverageIS estimatedof 68thatwormsa robin everydevoursday.an solidto point are allowed low melting

ify under the influence of supersonic Ernest Thompson Seton tells of a robin waves, the grains become uniform and which, with nothing to do while his smaller in size, and the metal is more mate was sitting on her eggs, built six plastic. nests.

WHY PAY MORE?

With extra size, extra comfort and striking beauty, today's DeLuxe Ford bodies take you into the higherstyle field... in everything but cost.

See your nearest FordDealer today for low delivered prices.

RHYTHM

|N pafterned rhythm ail the planets move,

Held fast within a melody of winging.

The rivers flow within a chosen groove,

Now swift -now slowdown to the sea whose swinging

Of clapper waves against a silver shore

Applaud with echoes of a great encore.

Nature moves within this same routine.

From meditative winter into spring

And on to summer where the warm fruits lean

On every bough to wait the harvesting;

While men, forever questing, hope and yearn

And live by answers they have yet to learn.

i

ILLUSTRATION FROM A SKETCH IN CRAYON BY JACK SEARS

fc::-:-::i::-:-::;i-:-i;-y*i;i;;l::.

m EDITOR'S PHGEIhE

Owl tsadsJtA. WjlsJL (wsl iJuL 'oApsL

By PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT

RENEW again everything that I said at the close of our Conference

I sixof responsibilitymonths ago. whoseI ask everyduty manit is andto teachwomantheoccupyingGospel ofa placeJesus

Christ to live it and to keep the commandments of God, so that their example will teach it; and if they can not live it we will go on loving

them, we will go on putting our arms around them, we will go on praying for them that they can become strong enough to live it; but

unless they are able to live it we ask them to please step aside so that those who are living it can teach it.

No man can teach the Gospel of Jesus Christ under the inspiration of the living God and with power from on high unless he is living it. He can go on as a member and we will pray for him, no

matter how many years it may require, and we will never put a block in his way, because the Gospel is one of love and of forgiveness, but we want true men and women as our officers in the Priesthood and in the auxiliaries. A man has no right to be in a high

council who can not stand up and say that he knows the Gospel is true and that he is living it.

May God help us to live the Gospel, that our light shall shine before those who know not the truth. I know as I know that I live

that God lives, that He is my Father, that He hears and answers my prayers. I know that Jesus Christ is the Redeemer of mankind,

the Son of the living God, my elder Brother. I know that Joseph

Smith is a prophet of the true and the living God, and that he was the instrument in the hands of God of restoring again to the earth the Gospel of Jesus Christ.

May God bless you, one and all, and every honest man and woman that lives upon the face of the earth, is my humble prayer, and I ask it in humility in the name of Jesus Christ, Amen. From

President Grant's Address at the Opening Session o[ the lOSth General Conference, April 3, 1938.

F.JOHN BENNETT

By STEPHEN L RICHARDS of the Council of the Twelve

JOHN F. BENNETT

experiences as I have heard him tell them. There was a charm about his

relation of these stories that I am sure would be very difficult to reGod is a Father, capture in their retelling. I think

Man is a brother, it must have come, in part at least,

Life is a mission from his own desire for selfefface-

And not a career. ment and his liberal, tolerant, charitable judgment of others. No'matter have great a sacrifice he may howTHESEize thelines,lifeI believe,philosophycharacterof my his in personally made it was never,

friend, John F. Bennett. Here own estimation at least, more than

was a man who truly accepted the he ought to have done, more than

Fatherhood of God. To him God the circumstances really called for.

was a very personal Being; much "What else could I have done?"he

more than a mere principle or force would say. Or "Anybody else

in the universe. He was in reality would have done as much,"when

a divine Parent, the Father of our someone marveled at the extent of spirits and the Conservator of our his kindnesses.

welfare. Here is a sample: On one occaIn accepting the Fatherhood of sion, when a very young man not out

God in a literal and significant way of his teens, the train, on which he ROSETTA WALLACE BENNETT

Brother Bennett also subscribed was traveling to some point in northfully to the principle involved in the ern Utah or southern Idaho, stopped the telegraph wires "hot"in an effort delegation of divine power to men. at the railroad station in Ogden. to locate the mother and relieve her

He believed in the restoration of the On the train he had made the casual anxiety as to the whereabouts of

Holy Priesthood with the coming acquaintance of a mother carrying her child. In telling this incident,

forth of the Latterday Gospel Dis- a small baby. He observed that the he seemed never to have been conpensation. He received the endowmother looked very tired and worn cerned about his own inconvenience

ment of the Priesthood himself and and insisted that she leave the train or difficulties but he would say, "I he was conscious of a tremendous to go into the station and secure could scarcely endure thinking responsibility coming with that ensomething to eat, he volunteering about that poor worried mother who dowment. He sought to requite this to tend the baby. Unfortunately probably imagined her baby had

priceless boon to his life with such for all concerned, the train started been kidnapped."

noble service as he assumed the Lord before the mother returned and the His generous action here related would require at his hands. It was young man, about fifteen years bewas indicative of the whole tenor of

this concept of God that lay at the fore he had a family of his own, his life. His friendliness and his

base of the great altruism of his life. found himself the sole custodian of bounty were not passive and quiesHe conceived that if he were to a little nursing baby. In spite of cent. They were actually aggressive

serve God, he must of necessity serve his appeal to the conductor, the train and he seemed ever to be probing his fellows—his brothers and his did not stop until it reached a station about for objects of mercy. Persisters in the family of the Father. many miles away. He there took the haps it seemed so, however, because

So his acceptance of the brotherhood baby from the train, engaged a room as time went by he secured such an of man was as complete and perfect in a hotel, and waited eagerly for extended reputation for charity and as his faith in the Lord. And then, the mother to arrive on the next folconsideration that he was constantly

throughout his life, these controlling lowing train. He discovered to his besieged with those who sought

principles were translated into deeds dismay that a whole night would counsel, redress, and help, and he of benefaction. From early youth elapse before she could come. was always found responsive.

he trained himself in the great art Whereupon, he canvassed the enSo his life was indeed a mission, of giving. tire wayside village to procure food—a mission of succor and kindliness.

I wish I could write some of his and comfort for the infant and kept I am sure he never thought of his

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1938

making money if it were all made ment, his experience, and his integand used as our friend procured rity were most highly prized by the and distributed his. leading business men of the state of

Utah.'Tt would be a mistake for anyone He was a devoted Church worker to assume that wealth and success and always yielded first allegiance came to this man just because of his to the call for ecclesiastical service.

great, generous nature. He was a For more than forty years he was a

v.i:jiwiMjSg:;i;Sj:::gj

tremendous worker. Scarcely a member, and for a large part of that

waking hour of his Hfe, when he was time the treasurer, of the General not ill, knew an idle moment. He Board of the Deseret Sunday School

had great tenacity of purpose. He Union. He loved children and the

believed in preparation by study and Sabbath Schools, and he freely reresearch. to keep abreast He sought to all assignrequests and sponded

<>|s|||||:;<5:. and of the times. He encouraged for the advanceof him ments made

utilized the talents of youth and ment of this great cause. He served

education and he was ever willing for a long period on the General to recognize and concede superiAuditing Committee of the Church

JOHN F. BENNETT AT THE AGE OF 16. ority to methods and practices havand he enjoyed the complete coning advantages over his own. These fidence of the Presidency and the

capacities, with a reputation for imleaders of the Church. For many

life as being a career. If he had years he may be said to have been

any ambition that was selfish, his one of its chief, if not its foremost, friends never discovered it. He financial advisors. He was entrusted

was an extrovert in the truest sense with many important financial misof that term. He thought, he worksions, a service which he was always

ed, and he lived outside of himself. proud and happy to render.

And extroversion was not only the He was one of the most liberal philosophy of his personal living, it financial contributors to the Church was his business philosophy as well. and its work and a scrupulously

He believed that no business enterhonest tithepayer. He told me once

prise could achieve success except that his old father, a rigorous Engin worthwhile service rendered. lish working man, who emigrated

And he believed that it should not to this country with his family when only serve well its customers but that John was a small boy and who never it should be equally useful to its joined the Church, stoutly insisted employees. Perhaps no man of our that each member of his family vho

day had more satisfactory relations had joined the Church should strictwith his helpers than did John F. ly comply with all its rules and regBennett. He looked upon them as ulations including that of tithing.

copartners in his enterprises. He The old man said, so John told me,

was fair and kind, and they rethat he would be ashamed to have

F. HIS SEATED, FAMILY: BENNETT JOHN AND join his society a son of any and to his treatment.sponded generous SMITH, MOTHTO LEFT BENNETT RIGHT—MARY

fail full F-. therein. his to duty do BENNETT, JOHN ROSETTA ER WALLACEIn times of business depression—in S. STANDING BENNETT, BENNETT; RICHARD It that to see he inherited easy wastrying stood by ELIZABENNETT, LEFT TO RIGHT—HAROLD situations—they

WINTERS, BETH WALLACE BENNETT his of H. AND F. a sense compelling duty from their withhim him. and had conHe BENNETT. father. conhe good Whateverfidence. his trusted sincerity They

and his friendship and together they peccable honor, won for him many (Concluded on page 309) evolved plans for the mutual welfare positions of trust and distinction. He JOHN F. BENNETT AND HIS GRANDCHILDREN

of the business and the employees was a director and officer in numerSALTPHOTOGRAPHEDLAKE CITY ONAT BROTHERTHE BENNETTBENNETT'SHOMELASTIN that could have been worked out ous corporations where his judgBIRTHDAY, JULY 11, 1937.

only on the basis of absolute confidence.

The success of his business life is a complete refutation of the common averment that profits accrue only from coldblooded, selfishly calculated policies. Here was a man

thoughtful and tender of others, whose very life epitomized the ideal of "live and let live,"who was generous with competitors, indulgent with employees, and honest with customers, and who made it all pay and won outstanding success.

He made money, but I am sure the love of money was never his motive.

The scriptures tell us that "the love of money is the root of all evil."

But surely there can be no evil in libertiesHuman and. thjL oAjpsiL

By ALBERT E. BOWEN

O/ the Council o[ the Twelve

Tn this sabrerattling, demagogueshouting, deitybanishing age of arrogant selfsuf- ficiency let it not be forgotten that selfgovernment fashioned upon fixed and enduring principles is still a concept fundamental

IN THE Gospel of Jesus Christ.

The discovery of eternal, unan ultimate aim in life,—an abiding

changing principles upon which the purpose. Without it there would be

ALBERT E. BOWEN lives of men may securely be built, nothing to stand between a person

is the end of all search. Wc believe and a surrender to the fitful directhat such principles are to be found tion of casual impulses. Many men

OBSERVING the orderliness and in the teachings of Jesus of Nazwho do not consider themselves reunity of purpose obtaining areth. Those teachings constitute ligious nevertheless have high obamong his followers, who our religion, whose mission it is to jectives and pursue them with fidelhad been gathered from various lead men to exercise over themselves ity, but they have adopted from

countries of the world and from a moral restraint, to curb the desires some source a body of principles numerous nationalities and creeds, of their hearts, to guide their which constitute their code of living.

a visitor to the Prophet Joseph thoughts and actions into true chanWithout the stabilizing power of

Smith asked: nels, and to tie themselves down to such guides a man's life would be

"Mr. Smith, how do you govern the precepts of divine justice that "like the waves of the sea, driven

these people?"they may be prepared for the eterPromptly came the pregnant renity of life and progress that hes THIS CONGREGATION WITNESSED THE NATIONKSL-COLUNIBIA FROM BROADCAST THE WIDE correct principles beyond. "Iply, teach them APRIL 3, MORNING, SUNDAY Everyone must feel the need for TABERNACLE, 1938. themselves."govern theyand

Thus tersely is stated a concept Courtesy Tribune. I

fundamental in the creed of the

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints—selfgovernment, fashioned upon fixed and enduring

principles. It is a statement of the

ideal in government. As concerns

the individual, it is a statement of the law of progress, the law of salvation.

Sound underlying principles are to life and its relations as firm foundations are to buildings. When the

engineers wrote the specifications for the great Boulder Dam, they provided that its footings should go down to bedrock. They were not

willing to rest that towering pile upon the shifting sands. Life, a

thing of eternal duration, with its implicit power of rearing a structure reaching up to the high heavens, cannot be rested upon a foundation less secure.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1938 reign supreme just as it does today government under which a man

HERE reprinted for the first time is in the family of nations. lives touches so intimately his life,

the complete text of Elder Albert Furthermore, if the process of the curtailing his freedom and com-

E. Bowen's nationwide radio address, law had to be invoked to compel pelling his obedience, it inescapably

deleted parts on were of which political of system that follows any prinestablished to its the obedience limitation. of time air because The the goes beyond which government transaction ciples in every in which presentation heard abbreviated was

principles basic of the establishment intercourse Broadthe Columbia over human and men engaged, KSL casting System, 11:00 to 11:30 a. m. would be impossible. The whole upon which selfgovernment rests,

origi3rd, April 1938, lives Sunday, the MST, to regiment undertakes and legal tumwould come mechanism nating before congregation a which vassalage into citizens its mere of its weight. Hudown of own filled to the bling the Salt Tabernacle Lake in their them state, hampers to the only is able to carry society on standing full extent of its seating and man

capacity, at the opening session of the because the vast majority of men spiritual development.

of General senti108th Conference Annual called the Lincoln What matvoluntarily a freely and as and

Latterof of Christ the Jesus Church Indeof the Declaration of morality individual ter of conform Saints. unusual feature of day An of it essence whole prinof their to the conduct body the of the mentspendence—the Air Church same Columbia presentation was the singing by the ciples laid down in the law. In-—is that every human being, and

entire congregation beings, of of human "O community Say, What every prinobserve they because deed,

Is "Praise Truth"From and God on power rights which no has some not ciples have morality which of Blessings All Flow."This Whom is itself, government earth, even not are into enacted of the Air preceded Church was by been law—but line Every to infringe. authorized the regular its nationwide Tabernacle compulsions of outside and above

Choir broadcast, 10:30 to 11:00 a. m.—they are selfgoverning, which in that Declaration is repugnant to

brings us back to the second propothe present day revival, in parts of sition of our discussion: Having the world, of the anachronistic dogstate totalitarian whose the of ma correct principles, taught been tossed."the wind There andby is in brutal conphilosophy whole themselves. govern futility result of action theycould only concepts basic the of tradiction

and frustration of purpose. Life and religion are inseparably {Continued on page 316)

intertwined. There can be no gap

Tn secular relations the necessity between them. Since the political THISADMISSIONIS PARTTOOF THETHE CROWDTABERNACLEWHICH SUNDAYSOUGHT

for guiding principles has long MORNING, APRIL 3, 1938. Tribune Photo,been recognized as imperative. The

whole body of our law has grown up out of the need for certainty.

Without that element the business of the world, to use but one illustration, could not be carried on. Its

stability depends upon the assurance men have that things not inherently wrong and not forbidden by law may safely be done, and that fulfilment of promises may be certainly relied upon. A man, for

instance, determines to build him a house. He asks a contractor for a

bid. The contractor goes to the

brickmaker, who agrees to furnish i the brick at a specified time and at an agreed price; he goes to the lumber dealer, the hardware merchant,

the plumber, the plasterer, the painter, and makes similar arrangements.

Finally he returns to the owner and proposes to build the specified house at a fixed cost. He can do that only

because of the assurance he feels that the men, whose promises he has, will keep their engagements with him. The practice has grown

up among men to keep their engagements. Reliance on this practice is reinforced by the law, which

says to the occasional violator that he must keep his agreements.

Thus the law constitutes a body of principles by which men regulate their relations. If there were no such

fixed guides, subscribed to and faithfully observed in the great majority of instances, there could be nO'dealing. Distress and confusion would

secthe presents here author THE articles subon this ond of two ject, the first written as though she were writing to her daughter, and this one written as though she were For time writing to her son. The subject is

one of fundamental concern in the life of every young man or woman who looks forward to marriage and all that it means. and eternity

D. WIDTSOEMy dear Son: By LEAH

Youmostare importantpreparing stepsfor oneinofyourthe life. I know that your marriage will not take place for some

months, but I hope you are thinking seriously about the responsibilities you will assume as well as the enrichment of life which we pray may result from this "great event."

Your father and I rejoice greatly PART TWO that you and your sweetheart have decided to be married in the Temple.

That you are to have the right be- I mention this because there may may not seem at first to be so very ginning for your married happiness be times when a wellchosen word important. But it is. Think about

will be a source of |oy to you all from you may help your wife (and this, seriously, for great rivers alyour life and it will give you a lastcoming family I hope) to see the \vays begin as trickling rills which ing satisfaction to know that you path of rectitude more clearly. Algather force and momentum as they

two who love each other so truly so, there may be times when her flow. In these experiences of life

are to be associated throughout the vision and wise counsel may be you must be the guide and leader.

endless ages of eternity. equally helpful to you. Of course I am sure that if I were dressed for

A month ago I wrote a letter to you are each the kind of young peothe evening and appeared in a your sister on this subject {printed ple who probably will never make sleeveless, backless or frontless evein the April issue of the Era. I hope great mistakes; however, most peoning gown, your father would not

will carefully,that read it their you or lose for ple faith not doing anyone no go with by me step—party life a real partshould bemarried party. (that countless but thing very not scold wicked would by He

nership and you and your wifeto- small slips which seem to be trifles might make me contrary) but he be should have a perfect understandat first. Especially you may be helpwould give me one look and that

ing of each other's experiences. ful to her in the matter of modest and would be enough to accompany his

Much of what I have said to your proper dress. It takes some courmild statement that he did not care

sister applies to you but you have age for one to dress a little differto go to the party and that would some distinct problems. ently from the crowd. You may be final.

You hold the Priesthood of God, sense that when you think of Now, this may seem a trifling which gives you much power; it also how uncomfortable you are all sumthing to some, for it may appear

entails much added responsibility. mer by not discarding your heavy that a woman's dress is her own

As a man, you must be the leader coat and tight collar because other affair; but remember, it is by trifles

in your household. Read in the Docmen are not doing it. You would and seemingly small unnoticed acts

trine and Covenants, Section 121, actually suffer rather than be difof disobedience that one gradually which was given to the Prophet Joferent. Yet, it should be easy to be loses touch with the Higher Power.

seph when he was a prisoner in Libsomewhat different when one is Your wifeto-be will take vows in erty Jail. This will help you to right. With that understanding you the Temple which imply that she will

understand some of the great truths can be sympathetic with your wife, keep her body covered and will dress which have been withheld from men but you must always stand for that modestly; also that in her words and

but which will be made clear and which is right and help her to keep acts she will be an example in all beautiful in the ordinances of the her vows as you intend to keep womanly virtues. These precious

Temple. There you will learn that yours. Many a careless woman who obligations are given as a protection

"the rights of the Priesthood are inwas married in the Temple has told from evil thoughts and deeds; to

separably connected with the powers me that she wore her indecorous eveenhance righteous pleasures, not to of heaven, and that the powers of ning dress or gauze day dress and curtail them.

heaven cannot be controlled nor hanfollowed useless fashions in other You also will take similar covedled only upon the principles of and more harmful ways because her nants that are equally binding yet righteousness."(D. andC. 121:36.) husband did not object to her doing helpful. They will make you better

Verses 33 to 46 will make known to such things and even admired her able to meet the problems of your you how this gift is to be exercised in for so doing. Some men may not go life and will be useful in your perall your Church work and in your that far but nevertheless they do not sonal experiences as well as in your

home as well. The real leader is take a stand for righteousness—it business relations. A deeper underone who rules by love and a deep seems easiest to say nothing. Bestanding of life's real meaning will

understanding of life, never by fear sides, "following the crowd"in socome to you as you partake of the or suspicion. cial habits and especially in dress information and inspiration of these

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1938

personal needs to be spent in any way she may desire. To be financially beholden to anyone is demoralizing and is one of the ugliest

relationships that can exist between man and wife. Don't ever subject

your wife to that humiliation. You

will both be wise if you pay as you go and, except for the most necessary expenses, avoid charge accounts as you would the plague. One is

very much more apt to spend unwisely if one can say "charge it"than when putting down the great big silver or paper dollars which are so hard to earn and which go so quickly.

CoMETiMES young, married people feel that they should wait before having children until they are out of debt or have saved enough money to get a home and to furnish it with most of the luxuries of life. Then

THIS ROOM IN THE LOGAN TEMPLE IS FOR Photo by D. p. Davis. Copyright 1938, by Heber when they think they are ready for

MEN THERE FOR MARRIAGE AREYOUNG WHO IT IS A J,sionGrant,/or anyTrusteepurposein-Trust.specificallyReproductionwithheld.permis- a family, they often find it is too late; THEIROR FOR ENDOWMENTS. OWN

PLACE OF INVITING ATTRACTIVENESS AND nature is taking her toll for unwise

SACRED PURPOSE. practices of family prevention. Marwill but strengthen your characters riage is ordained for the purpose of

holy ordinances. This knowledge, if and cause you to enjoy more comgiving unborn spirits a chance to

applied in your life, will give you pletely the comforts of your small partake of the privileges of mortality added power to live nobly and with home if you have earned them toas well as to give joy to possible increasing happiness. gether and acquired them gradually. parents. When we live a law only

I beg of you not to go into debt for in part we may expect some penalty "pVERY normal woman desires to anything you do not absolutely need from its partial violation. You two

"look up"to her husband, to feel for then you will be in bondage when are healthy and possessed of fine that he is stronger than she is and your lives should be free and normal. intelligence, and are the kind of peothat she can truly honor him as her On no account must you begin to ple who should be rearing a family.

real guide throughout life. Be sure borrow so that your wife may have Don't ever place a money valuation

that you make yourself worthy of some coveted possessions or that on children. It costs money, I know,

this trust. Respect your Priesthood you may live in any style beyond as well as sacrifice to have them and

in every way and that will give you your income. Before it is too late, rear them, but you will be blessed

power to become the leader in your together have the definite underand the means provided whereby home and truly successful in all the standing that you will pay as you you may care for them. You may

undertakings of your life. Frequent go, or go without whatever you may rest assured that if you do your part

attendance in the temple will help desire but for which you are unable in wisdom your Heavenly Father you to reach and keep this cherished to pay. Otherwise sorrow or even will bless you in this respect as in

goal. I know it will take time and tragedy may overtake you. You all others. Have faith in this remoney because you may not live near are the leader and in this regard you gard as well as in all the important

a temple; but try and plan such must be wise and firm. steps in life. I trust you will never

trips occasionally as you plan other Your wifeto-be has been a money be in the class of young people who excursions for pleasure. The spirearner for some time and -is facing claim that they cannot afford to have

itual activities of life are always a real problem in adjusting herself children yet who can afford to have those which give the deepest, most to a new financial arrangement. Her a piano, a vacuum cleaner, an autolasting joy and satisfaction. decision to forego the satisfaction mobile, and many more luxuries.

May I remind you that marriage of receiving her monthly check and Talk these things over with your really is (or should be) also a joyinstead to give all her time and sweetheart and make sure that youous business partnership—the closstrength to building a home with the are united in all these important

est partnership known to man; and satisfying possibility of rearing a issues of life.

since daily living connotes money family, is most commendable. She Just one more thought: Let your

spent for daily needs, it must entail has chosen well and I admire her wedding day be the beginning of some business arrangements. Make greatly for her wise decision. Do your tenderest consideration and

up your minds to be frank and businot forget, however, that she will lovemaking rather than the end of nesslike on financial matters right probably work just as hard as you it. You may be married but the tiefrom the beginning. It is most dedo, with much longer hours of toil, that binds the most securely is not

sirable that you should plan to live especially when babies come to bless the one spoken over the altar (imon your salary even though it is your home, and in that sense she portant as that may be! ) but the

rather small at present. Both of you earns your salary as much as you mutual bond of loving companionmust learn that to do without ( for a do. Make a budget for your necesship and understanding that should

time) some of the luxuries you may sary expenses and be sure that a grow stronger with each passing have enjoyed in your parents'homes certain sum is allowed for her own {Concluded on page 317) quit giving him money and put him to work it would take some of the coltishness out of him. And don't

think, young lady, that I am being disloyal to him. I am hoping for his Beckoning sake he don't get his heart broke

again."Nancy rose without comment and went to her work. It was not money ROADS or coltishness, entirely, she told herself angrily. What was there in this

to? to anchor for anyone

about no feel of home By DOROTHY CLAPP ROBINSON houseThere was it. Why couldn't he speak kindly

I Nancy hadn't seen PAR: and him "Oh. THUS STORY only seemed discovered he had I SheTHE and understandingly to his son. Holverson, Peter Porter and two wondered."his selfwilled. harsh Behind and young verymuch-inAove and marriageable to see him expect needn't "You gruff manners was brusk words community, and rural a Mormon people of

flyers is that these of much. one He spring""their anticipating heart, themselves fine principles a offound and a code

light others don't they, with anywhere. in may which spring He—the this hurt. knowlstay lonely It was and

the to go to decided friends, their had o[ here much."with contented that her edge made at Conference June married to he Temple coming be he will not "Then the son It would her work. agricultural make poor seemingly time. But

prospects and accumulated debt caused back?"contented too if he could know it.

disappointof a note cautious There was high'principled and Peter, a to each nearest those Queer how un'marriage the to postpone man. young sharpened that in the question ment apart! In farthest other should be his motives Questioning til times.""better looklistener's vision. She was the here since four coming the weeks her in anger the of his and wisdom, and first different she had from ing when served impulsively that disappointment. been wondering Nancy she had why

face her to with do "postthe that betrothed notice on her soi. too been busy come—something But she had was

the and permanent be help; clothes; would good ponement"mighty and her had wonder. She than more to do embarrassThe was "engagement off."it. business did her and And knew neglected the only brought not that fact the intensified by was ment with breakfast eating here he was and hours spent crowd.""their date had but Mark up to books of two couples

Phyllis, and Lynn and Vera, who were her instead of being out with the on the office itself. She had sorted

prepared gruffly: less economically apparently for men. answered He small the placed conveniently and their with through to decided go marriage, it surprise will me. "If does he enlisted of stuff. aid the She had these two so notwithstanding. plans he or a two so He's month worked in abanand the next room, cook the hopes with man parted, postponed—orAnd in usually He's a vacation. needs with in discouraged home a Living doned. larger she things to lift the with him

ill girl father, seriously a somegot He's chronically of one. and disneed a been able to bring order out of had work- a brothers, and younger couraged he'll hunteast. Likely be 'eres back chaos. printo tenaciously held mother, who worn up. back won't ing her come He rebellious ideals. became ciples Nancy and

has to."until he better her situation. here to and determined

circumstances. asked. "I thought Ohe took to rising early favorable a chain of Nancy Through "Why?"

she finally secured a temporary job eis he loved it here."She was rememand going over the front part of the

opranching a huge of startcommissary-keeper before she each morning house his voice the of bering tone when country. the section of nearby eration in a wild the other work. her ed As it?""Like asked, had he citybred impatient, young, Wood, Reid them. gathered flowers she on came to called don't him owneroperator, you know ranch the "Shows son of

fake her to her new assignment. The trip much. He'd rather be east with real In June, wild roses, that grew so

reached. There the job was fences, made; the was along that he abundantly Besides woman she people. that about Reid something Wood was ro- a and touch brought of home ranch,"abide to can't a clings something was There to remember. wanted the big house. Mr. mance to Wood his in couldn't tone that she made her Something Holverson Peter about

forget. There was some resentment beask, "Has she ever seen this place?"watched her closely but said little.

she that father his ate and he increasing Reid tween frequency Wood With abruptly, "but rose he "Once,"she so found understand. And couldn't out rather than with her his meals don't folks these want days job with crosscurrents young a herself among durusually did as the he men in her thoughts heavy and hands to with on her time times but nothing and good

mind. do nothing. Never saw one yet that ing periods of heavy work.

believed in giving a day's labor for "Never seen him stick around the

Chris comso Mrs. much,"house will be a camp wage. day's There CHAPTER FOUR a in that ain't plained. set down "He long. Give before him along tender

this list of things."front room for years. And in the

gethe's too. season, Guess busy screen the porch had closed When rest."the old ting hke sniffed: Chris Mrs. did your behind him "W.HERE she as of this thinking was Nancy Wood?"son go, Mr. better techy about be wom- "He'd

It was early morning about four en that can't abide a farm. That went to work. The shearing was

the finished. one by nearly One life. just his the is to ruined what come own He after had Nancy weeks

hills. the high to had gone herds her worshiped she natchurally and any weeks two ranch. For sheep

filled she tender and came camp The didn't give a snap she see could man. the one young of nothing seen had the a from order. his man Then that for him. finger her having of And were employer her and She

in. sheds came like is her."just hers of dohoodlum were together. They breakfast

ing that quite often lately. At her "Please,"Nancy rose hastily, "I "The boss says there is a little

question he looked up. am sure it is not your place or mine lamp black here some'eres. He

"He went to Denver. Leastways, to judge. And I certainly resent your wants it."

that is where he was supposed to calling him a hoodlum."Lamp black. Where was it?

go, but you can't tell about him.""That's what he is. If Ben Wood Nothing to do but look. It was not

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1938

She rose and went to the back window and looked out over a stretch of alfalfa that was the field. Farther

to the north lay acres upon acres of timothy mixed with grass. They

would be cutting that soon. She|

had heard the men say it was hardly worth cutting this year. Water was

scarce here, too, but not so scarce as at home.

She realized with a start that she was on the verge of tears. Why

did it not rain? It must rain.

How differently they could live if they had sufficient water. If the

folks at home did not get some kind of break—but she would not give

up her dreams and plans. No wonder Pete was glum. Doubt and disappointment brought sympathy and

her body relaxed with a warm yearnon one of the lower shelves so she low your impulses, is my creed. You ing for him. Fall would bring the

stood on a barrel top to look. might keep me here if you tried."same old puzzle, always present but

"Hello, Beautiful.""Really I am busy."Nancy was never solved, which debts to pay

Nancy whirled as quickly as the not looking at him. What a and which to ease along with a few

area of the barrel top would permit. spoiled little boy he was. Yet she dollars and many promises. He

Reid Wood was standing in the was confused by the inconsistent might even have to sell the few doorway eyeing the barrel specutempo of her pulse. There was no sheep he had. She was lucky to

latively. reason for it. be out of it and she would never,

"Ha,"he exulted. "Just where I "So I see. Haven't time to welnever go back. No matter what

want you."come the prodigal."happened she would not!

"Go away. Go away, please. I Then she laughed. "Don't pout. "I hope Mr, Chris doesn't get

am in a hurry."Of course I am glad to see you. well for a year,"she cried defiantly.

"On a spot, you mean. If I should What do you want me to do? Roast "I am young and Dale is young andpush a teeny weeny—the fatted calf?"life must give us a break."She

"—-You"Don't wouldyou dare."land right in my "Sheep"Shouldn'twouldyoube better."let your father wishedof it. Reid had not reminded her

arms."are here? you know was not He tryevening when That she was

expecting He'll "Don't you dare, "as he took a so soon. you be ing herself believe to make she was

step nearer. "I am hunting somehappy you are here."interested in a magazine, young Mr.

thing.""Maybe, but I have me doubts. Wood tapped on the dining room

"For instance?"I saw your boy friend today. He window. By the reins he held two

"Lamp black. It seems to me I came by while I was waiting for the saddled horses.

it is just a truck,"put somewhere. There she cried, her restlessness "Oh,"

little in "Pete, a sack."you mean?"instantly, "I love to would room. glance over the went His would "Who else I mean? He is ride."gone

"I know where it used to be. If your looking rather down in the mouth."

housecleaning hasn't been too thor- "Did you speak to him?""Slip into something and we will

ough."He put his foot on the "You ask me that? Woman, I whither away."

lowest shelf and swung up so his had raising. I spoke to him. Spoke She turned and ran to her room.

eyes were on a level with the top. like the gentleman I am but did he Soon she was back in riding clothes.

'Poor housekeeper after all. Hasn't answer?"Faded old trousers they were, for

been touched.""What do you mean?"they had done duty for many years.

He gave the paper sack to the "Mean. That guy would glare a She had bought them when she was

amused man. When he turned to hole through a granite wall. Do not just a kid—the year Pete had come

face Nancy she was at her desk. misunderstand me. He was not to the valley of Big Smokey. Riding

"Curses! Foiled again!"He rude. Goodness, no. Just very rewith him they had become old and

swept papers aside recklessly and served. I even suspect he doesn't slightly shabby. Now as she rode

perched on the desk before her. like me."beside Reid Wood, the wind whip-

"No? to see me?""Glad felt faces, their should he not like ping that shabbishe?"Why "Thrilled. Be careful of my you ness in the and were want away

papers.""I wonder,"he drawled. Then, past. The conflict of the afternoon

"Huh."His face clouded. "Don't "Your hair is a riot and there is a vanished in a mist of fantasy. This

nose."the rate a from on your help. smudge thoughteven could what life was be when land the well valley look like?"stayed does as away. haveMight "What

were not masters. and water The I she evaded. myself eager foundUnaccountably

to get back. That would not have "Like it needed a bath badly."boy caught the sparkle of her eye,

anything to do with you, would it?"the lilt in her spirits.

"You should know."/\fter he was gone she "I'll race you to the foothills."

"I don't try to know things. Folcould not compose herself to work. (Continued on page 311)

Hawaii calls again By HELEN SPENCER WILLIAMS O/ the General Presidency, Y. W. M. I. A,

(I Mjt&uf. og. an. jogjuj 7n.9.Cl.vi&jiL

to iksL QidamL (poAjodidJL wh&JisL

JudWvaL bsijouudtij and. hvahlsL AinaUuh

maluL nswsUitD-JbupyiiJbn. jncmjoilnd.

this early tug and had come out to meet us. Climbing aboard, these GENERAL Superintendent George

visitors brought their alohas to Q. Morris of the Y. M. M. I. A.,

friends who were arriving. Preswith Mrs. Morris, and Sister Helen

of the Y. Spencer Wilhams M. W, ident of the Ralph E. Woolley Oahu

her Presidency, with I. A. General of Stake Napolean and Brother the husband, paid Williams, Rex W. M. I. A, Stake Superintendency had ofBcial visit to Oahu Stake duringan

come to greet the members of our a trip which began with embarkation the 5. S. Lurline on from Los Anpre- each one of us was party, and

geles 1938, 22, January and continued lei. Brother sented with a flower until with February 19, 1938,

George Albert Smith, of the Council arrival in the same port on the samethe of the Twelve, President and Sister ship. Aboard ship on the outward

ONOMEA BAY, HAWAII Matthew Cowley and their daughter voyage was a party of Utahns inJewell, who were on their way to cludingof the CouncilElder Georgeof the AlbertTwelveSmithand

THE early dawn \ve sighted the preside over the New Zealand MisElder Matthew Cowley, wife and to sion, the route daughter, en ZeaSuperintendent George New Q. firstIN island perof the and Oahu,

in impressions Mission. land Of wife, his Morris Ramsey and Emma of the important most haps the of the people Hawaii among Ellis his wife, Morris, Barker and trip this the here author has Lord on group.Hawaiian Barker; Virginia husFreeze my delightful in written her manner. a coral the sky morning That was

I and Wilhams, Rex W. as islandhue, the appeared an band. and our who those comprised were

in the setting of a deeperemerald in party. the though few Even

it is all surprising soft yearly, that sea. not turquoise bluethan A to follow that were were weeks we

its first to picture tourists to turns fog out our Hawaiigray gave make leis, to receive many and many illusion this fairyland, of of industry welcome. land sugar anof The will quite alohas, of us ever none

list fairylike, in spirindustries, the this cane headsand somehow first this forget introduction to thatitual impression will always remain with the canning of pineapple comwhen we think of the Hawaiian dehghtful custom. ing second, and third the tourist

Islands. The inhabitants of the city of trade.

Our ship passed Diamond Head, Honolulu move toward the docks As we drove through the streets an extinct volcanic crater, and we when an ocean liner anchors. Native of Honolulu, it was difficult to realize

realized as we steamed past that it women work overtime gathering that the population of this little was here Uncle Sam had placed his flowers and weaving leis to sell. Hawaiian metropolis was less than

their ukuleles singers with Hawaiian 125,- of Salt Pacific. of the Lake Justwatchguard what City—about to steel their guitars prepare and first is in this the impression crater greatthere few know that000—because all visitors. walked welcome As we city. thatfor certain, of for large enter a truly no civilian was may We

spirit of the the gangplank, down it fartherein, before but popular has sensed fancy had not gone we that huge engines of war are there, Hawaiian hospitality permeated into in very truth the fact that this was with men prepared to man them, our very souls, and only those who one of the world's "melting pots,"who with grim patience await any have been surfeited and become for down the street in native garb eventuality which might threaten the bored "with much attention and much came Japanese women in their quaint peace of the Islands of the Pacific. color could fail to have a warming and picturesque kimonos with their

Nearing the dock, the strains of response to such wholehearted colorful obis around their slender melodious Hawaiian music reached welcome. waists, on their feet the traditional

our ears and we began to feel the It is no wonder that tourists are Japanese shoes, or hakus, worn lure of the tropics. Immediately all received so hospitably by the islandduring stormy weather because the

thoughts of warring nations, interers, because the Hawaiian people streets are damp, and, of course, the national unrest, and preparedness themselves, and those who have bakus are raised from the ground were forgotten, made the Islands their home, are with about two and onehalf inch

As a small tugboat approached instinctively and sincerely hospitstilts.

our ship, we caught our first sight of able. And then, again, when one The little Chinese women were in

the real flower leis. Friends laden realizes that tourists bring the third their pajamas, or in the long, slender

with garlands of flowers had caught greatest revenue into the Islands dress of their race, high in neck and

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1938

effortless, quiet, and restful, and yet so full of lovely emotion, that it stirs the very soul of one who listens.

We shall never forget that first

Sunday on which we went into the

Latterday Saint chapel. The pulpit

and stand were a bower of flowers, and in the choir seats were one hundred twentyfive native Hawaiians dressed in pure white. The great

windows were thrown wide, and as light tropical rain fell, the sun came pouring in and we understood the expression "liquid sunshine."As

the leader stood before his choir and they raised their voices in song, there fastened with intriguing frogs down Q.LEFTMORRIS,TO RIGHT:EMMA HELENRAMSEYS. MORRIS,WILLIAMS,ELVAGEORGETAYwas scarcely a dry eye in the audience. All held LOR beCOWLEY, choir members ELDER SMITH, side. rethe ALBERT GEORGE ourselves found We JEWELL COWLEY, COWLEY. ELDER MATTHEW sheets of music, but fore them allgretting we that people of the native THE PHOTOGRAPHER W. ELDER WILREX WAS

were not dressed in their own disLIAMS, ALSO A MEMBER OF THE PARTY. were told afterwards that only one

tinctive garb, and we realized as we cific. The temperature of Hawaii or two could read a note, yet their

perfect. sang harmony They was of the Polynesian peoplesaw many ranges 71 the from to 77 degrees,

choir sing never as I have heard any in theirdressed streamlined Amerhottest weather coming and in July before, I shall I believe never andican clothing the that much of in the coolest January, always and beauty and uniqueness of their own there is a tropical breeze which literhear a choir sing again more beauworld was being lost because of the ally seems tO'blow away cares, tifully or impressively than they did influx of the white race. troubles, and the pressure of hurryon that Sabbath morning.

lesson in reverence for the There were native Hawaiian ing which we feel at home. It is no A new

for the chosen and in their ancient House of God that hoUcues,women live that those wonder in the who authorities learned by of God was in to aboutdress brought the Islands spirit a Islands seem of to exude 1820 by the New England missionrestfulness and to create in those all of us who visited there. There

aries. Holicue means pouring down, who visit them a feeling of peace was such great respect shown

and the dress means literally just and tranquility. Brother George Albert Smith ol

that. It is made more or less in a The same American missionaries the Council of the Twelve. Often

Mother Hubbard style, with a long who had revolutionized the dress, expressions such as, "A true Apostle isflowing train which is held up by a set in motion some of the most beauof the Lord,""The spirit of God little loop over the arm. In brilliant tiful music in the world. Originally with our visitor,"were whispered as

colors, and made of every kind of the natives chanted to the accomhe passed among the natives.

material, this Hawaiian dress is worn paniment of the rhythmical beat of N THE day of our first meeting, by young and old. The regrettable conch shells. This music, or chant, several of those who addressed

thing is that rarely did we see any accompanied all of their sacred the conference had learned a few little children dressed other than in dances. Slowly the Hawaiians bewords of Hawaiian greeting. When

American and English manner, and gan to combine with their chant the aloha loa nui, which means "greetone wonders if another generation simple sacred hymns of the missionings and love to all of you,"was said, will see all oriental and Hawaiian aries, and from this foundation their immediately a unanimous response dress completely lost. unusual harmonies have evolved. from those in the audience came

soft, soft note melodious like a from back and Such music—melodious,'T'he ride through the streets made harmonious. Hearing their to could songs a an organ, no lo ha—. One

us catch our breath at the sheer the accompaniment of the strummore help loving the Hawaiian peobeauty of the place. Such scenery! ming of their string instruments and ple than loving nature, sunrise, and

Trees with their branches touching the soft beating of their seeded sunset, for their own love for others each other over long avenues, trees shells, the raucous music of our rebounds tO'them.

in bloom, hedges of nightblooming present day orchestras sounds harsh To those who had anticipated cereus, those exquisite flowers which and unmusical. The singing is so {Concluded on page 310)

open only at night. When they are

in bloom, hundreds of tourists drive at night tO'catch sight of them.Great bushes of hibiscus, growing.M"".

in the most unexpected places, made r> us "oh"and "ah"at their breathtaking beauty. The hibiscus is the

official flower of Hawaii and resembles somewhat the bloom of our hollyhock bush, only in such an array of color that it is difficult to HULAHILO, DANCERS,HAWAII.

believe that they are other than great masses of brilliant crepe paper flowers.

No wonder that the Islands have been called the paradise of the Pa-

The Church

JaJuiA. SioxJc

flNOTHERof the Church—theGeneral Conferencehke of

which is not seen elsewhere in all the in Salt held world—was

sessions City with general Lake OF ITSELF

April 3, 4, and 6, and with almost innumerable lesser gatherings preceding, following, and interspersing. By RICHARD L EVANS

This was the 108th Annual General

Conference, a gathering characterized by an attendance which nuTHE 108TH ANNUAL CONFERENCE merically broke all preceding rec- * BRINGS ITS INVENTORY OF OUR MAords, and characterized also by a TERIAL AND SPIRITUAL POSSESSIONS vigorous, plainspoken leadership AND NEEDS.

which fearlessly turned the hght of guest speakers, was received with eager attention by this unique body of men. Almost startling in this day

and age was the absence of any evidence of tobacco or liquor in a gathering of men so large, and the steady composure that comes with faith and purposeful living. In addition to this general meeting, smaller gatherings were held for Aaronic

and Melchizedek groups out of which came many specific instructions. (See pages 294 to 301.)

Church Welfare HURCH Welfare was treated by several speakers in the general sessions, in addition to which special Church Welfare meetings were held with various Church groups.

Statistics and a general statement in financial reappear the report PRESIAN INFORMAL FIRST THE OF STUDYscrutiny spiritual the on temand JUST TO PRIOR TAKEN DENCY APRIL THE full in printed below. Agriculture

LEiFT RIGHT: TO conditionporal PRESIDENT of the Church and CONFERENCE,

is fullbeing stressed. special J. J. HEBER GRANT, PRESIDENT REUBEN Aits there people, did said and and JR., 0. CLARK, DAVID PRESIDENT McKAY. Church meeting day Welfare was Photo Wagoner. by Leland Van to said.what needed be done and in April held 1 0, Sunday, the Church

General Authorities day, April 6, which brought about Welfare offices, out of which came

A LL of the General Authorities of a complete reorganization of the statements of policy and practices.

the Church were present at Presiding Bishopric, making Bishop Special Features the Sunday sessions excepting two Sylvester Q. Cannon an Apostle

members of the Council of the and associate member of the CounCpecial features of the ConferTwelve, Elder George Albert Smith, cil of the Twelve, retiring his counence included the nationwide who is touring the missions in the selors. Bishop David A. Smith and broadcast on "Human Liberties"by

Pacific, and Elder Richard R. LyBishop John Wells, and bringing Elder Albert E. Bowen over KSL

man, who is presiding over the Euinto office Presiding Bishop LeGrand and the nationwide Columbia netropean missions; and one member Richards, with Bishop Marvin O. work, 11:00 to 11:30 a. m. MST,

of the First Council of Seventy, Ashton as first counselor and BishSunday, April 3. (see pages 266Elder Rufus K. Hardy, who is with op Joseph L. Wirthlin as second 267); the nationwide broadcast of

Elder Smith. One or two members counselor. ( See page 288. the Tabernacle Choir and organ over

of the General Authorities were Priesthood theto 11:00same nationwidea. m. the samenetworkday;10:30andabsent from meetings subsequent

because of physical indispositions. HThe General Priesthood meeting the appearance of the Relief Society

Presiding Bishopric Monday evening in the TaberSinging Mothers, nearly a thousand nacle was the largest Priesthood of them, uniformed and representing Reorganized meeting ever held in the history of the entire Church. (See page 289.)

jOoST unexpected happening of the Church. Unadulterated advice, Missionary meetings, a Genealogicthe Conference was the action from the First Presidency, members al meeting, the Sunday evening Tabat the closing session on Wednesof the Council of the Twelve and ernacle meeting of the Deseret Sun274

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1938

(LEFT) THE INCOMING PRESIDING BISHOPRIC: CENTER,

PRESIDING BISHOP LeGRAND RICHARDS; LEFT, BISHOP

MARVIN 0. ASHTON; RIGHT, BISHOP JOSEPH L.

WIRTHLIN. (SEE ALSO PAGE 2SS.)

Courtesy Deseret Neivs.

(BELOW) THE RETIRING PRESIDING BISHOPRIC; LEFT TO RIGHT:

BISHOP SYLVESTER Q. CANNON, BISHOP DAVID A.

SMITH, BISHOP JOHN WELLS.

Courtesy TribuneTelegram.

day School Union, and the Relief

Society Conference before the General Conference, were also features of the annual gathering.

Summary "VTo detailed digest of the counsel instructions the of Conferand Assistance Relief REPORT CHURCH it is here, but possible be ANNUALence may of care in the direct aid For FINANCIAL STATEMENT there thatsaid of summary by way other poor the and worthy Church for expenditures by the Theis in the determination a abroad inpurposes, charitable 1937: the year

treatment. hospital cluding that not leadership for aChurch Purposes Stake and Ward only. funds (From tithing lives the Gospel, butonly knows from returned has been There Welfare Included in Church sane,for for works, aggressive good tithes the stakes to and the -$ 298,807.55 Program)

conservative living, and for salvawards for the construction tion through selfeffort. ( See of ward and stake meetingMissionary Work

also pages 263, 266. 288, 294, etc.) Forhousesward maintenance ex- $1,025,082.77 Forerationthe maintenanceof all the missions,and oppenses 808,287.28 and for the erection of places

For stake maintenance exof worship and other buildpenses 255,222.30 ings in the missions $ 975,105.26

ADVISERS COMMITTEE AS ANDSECURITY CON- $2,088,592.35 Total - $4,844,058.30 APRIL BEFORE IMMEDIATELYSTITUTED THE

RIGHT:CONFERENCE, LEFT TO THEODORE Hospitals from taken has been Which J.DEBRY, SECRETARY; MARKM. WARD; FRANK

other Church the tithes and erection and A. Expended for theAUSTIN; STEVENS; CAMPBELL STRINGAM

B. DILEE, the MANAGING returned HAROLD funds and by M. BROWN; hospital of improvement

JR.; CLARK, PRESIDENT REUBENRECTOR; Trusteein-Trust to the in ( Included buildings PRESIDENT DAVID J. GRANT;J.PRESIDENT HEBER maintenance for the Saints 126,204.00 Program)..$ Welfare A. Church J. 0. BALLARD, JOHN MEiLVIN McKAY,

the stakes of A. operation ADVISERS and FROM BOWEN,WIDTSOE, AND Education SYLBISHOP TWELVE; OF COUNCIL E.THETHE hospital for wards, and

D. GENfor the MOYLE, maintenance HENRYVESTER CANNON; Expended the for maintebuildings, ROBERT CHAIRMAN;Q. AND ERAL school of the Church system $ 904,305.81 of operation and nance E. 0. ASHTON, L. WM.JUDD. MARVINABSENT WERE

RYBERG, AND THE FORMER PRESIDING BISHTemples Church schools and temples,

OP'S DAVID COUNSELORS, TWO for charities and mission acfor the maintenance A. SMITH, AND Expended WELLS.JOHN

tivities. of temples $ 451,043.33 TribuneTelegram. and operation Courtesy

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1938

THE RELIEF SOCIETY SINGING MOTHERS. (SEE

PAGE 289.) Photo by O. P. Davis. Statistics and Other Data Compiled Number of longterm misFROM THE Annual Reports for sionaries from Zion, DeFast Offering Information THE Year 1937 cember 31, 1937 1,983

of misshort-term Number 31, were on December Pet. There Increase 1936 1937 sionaries Zion, Defrom

of Zion, 1937: 118 Stakes offeringsFast 31. paid 1937 cember 30

(at the present time, 121); in of missionarlocal wards: Number wards; 84 independ- 1,017 ies 37,318.21 $259,125.46$296,443.67 70 14.4%

of total or a branches, ent offeringsFast paid 1,101 branches and wardsin missions: missionarof Total number

also, in of Zion; the Stakes in ies the the of missions 31,192.15 34,441.48 3,249.33 10.4%

the (including missions 36 fast offerings:Total Church 2.083

951 Mission), European in mission- $290,317.61$330,885.15 $40,567.54 engaged Number 13.9% branches, mission 235 and in stakes the ary paid work 2.282Number who

districts. fast in offerings wards: Church Membership Total missionaries 4,365

151,056 of missionaries Number 134,416 16.640 12.4% who Stakes 616,088 the training receivedNumber who paid Missions 151,664

infast offerings Missionary 1,003 Home at missions: 21,654 19,370 2,284 11.8% Total 767.752 Personstemplesrecommendedfrom the stakesto the 83,092

Total who paid Church Growth Social Statisticsfast offerings:

172,710 153,786 18,924 12.3% Children blessed and entered Birth rate, 30.9 per thousand.

Average fast offeron the records of the Marriage rate, 18.7 per thousand.

ings per capita in Church in the stakes and Death rate. 6.9 per thousand.

wards: missions 21,005 Families owning their own homes, 59.2%.

in the stakes Children baptized 48.9c 55.4c 6.5c

A CANDID OF STUDY FRANK ASPER AND and missions showing highest per capitaWards IN 14,631 SPENCER ACTION CORNWALL WITH THEJ. in the Converts baptized stakes fast offerings: CHOiR. TABERNACLE

Manhattan Ward. New York Stake $2.20 and missions 7,322 Courtesy TribuneTelegram.

San Francisco Ward. San Francisco Stake 1.78

Gilmer Park Ward, Bonneville Stake 1.75

Rosette Ward, Curlew Stake 1.70

102 wards (9.2% of wards in the Church)

paid $1.00 or more per capita.

Missions showing highest per capita fast offerings:

Czechoslovakian $1.12

PalestineSyrian 66 SwissGerman.60

Eastern States 55 GermanAustrian 55 Su.MMARY Erection and Improvement

OF Church Buildings—1937

Appropriated for ward and stake buildings, seminaries and institutes $1,195,319.63

Amount raised locally (40%).. 679,837.66

Appropriated for hospital buildings 126,204.00

Paid by hospitals toward erection of buildings 82,525.78

Improvements in temples 56.874.00

Expended for mission buildings and real estate 284,141.09

Total $2,424,902.16

(Some of above expenditures included in Church Welfare Program) THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1938

MISSION PRESIDENTS ATTENDED THE WHO from tithes, mostly Expended Program Welfare Church LEFT TO RIGHT:APRIL CONFERENCE, BRYANT All (Including $ 298,807.55 by local officers Work) Church WelfareS. MISSION; HINCKLEY, NORTHERN STATES

the directly S. by Expended CALIFORNIA;W. ABEL AIRD MACDONALD, in Total Church membership RICH, CHRISTIANSEN, CANADIAN; ELRAY 98,836.34 Committe Church Welfare missions, stakes men, and W. PRATT, MEXICAN;L,TEXAS; ORLANDO HAROLD to Other donations ChurchC. WILLIAMS, PRESTON SPANISH AMERICAN; children 767,752 and women, 18,807.48 --. Welfare Committee J.NIBLEY, STATES; JOSEPH NORTHWESTERN of members Church Number F. EYDR. CARL TEMPLE SQUARE;CANNON, erection, exfor the Expended offast voluntary paid who S.RING, ELIAS WOODRUFF, ENGLAND; NEW tension, of improvement and

A. BROADBENT, STATES; ferings to DAVID theCENTRAL help needy:

for for hospitals caring and JR., T. TEW, WILLIAM STATES;NORTH CENTRAL In 151,056 wards EASTsick therein EVANS,EIAST 203,498.45 STATES; CENTRAL FRANK - In 21,654 missions STATES.ERN

Photo. Tribune

....- Total -..-$1,502,454.17 Total

foregoing, to the 172,710 In addition for Maintenance the Expended fast ofof voluntary Amount supplies the following had Missionaries OF in ferings wards: been assembled and were on

Collected paid and wards by Cash $ 281,002.98 1937, hand 31, December to missionaries $ 91,769.00 15,440.69 Produce

for the are available and cost missionper missions: In Average

the during 1938. year needy ary, per month, $30.34 1937, 34.441.48 Cash

or a total of $364.00 per Clothing

year per missionary. AverTotal (all expended for Estimated

age number of missionaries, rehef) $ 330,885.15 Value

1,917, making a total averSpecial donations to the Men's clothing, pieces.... 13,608 $5,444.20

age expense for the year of 697,788.00 Church Welfare Program....$ 66,003.64 Women's clothing, pieces 10,313 2,533.25

Estimated possible earnings Assistance rendered by Relief Children's clothing, pieces 12,100 2,420.00

per missionary $900.00 per Society:

year x 1,917, average numIn actual disbursements to Total $10,397.45

ber of missionaries, makes needy $ 57,734.67 Canned Fruits and Vegetables

total estimated of an In carrying what on general work Fruits vegetables, and these missionaries this might society of 242,697.29

cans 64,611.00 516,890

if earned have of.... 1,725,300.00 Additional assistance at home extended Fruits vegetables, and

to Building Church Program bottles 82,393 16,478.60 estimated Total contribustakes, (wards, misand fruits, 1,750.80 17,508 Dried pounds tion their of missionaries and sions) increasing from by

families for the preaching of the Church's 50% to 60% Total 82,840.40 the Gospel $2,514,857.00 contribution to the program-.$ 185,183.60

Other Produce Flour, pounds 221,653 4,876.36

Potatoes, pounds..l, 182,325 7,093.95

Other vegetables pounds 201,814 1,009.07

Total. $12,979.38

Fuel Coal, pounds 1,051,491 2,638.74

Wood, cords 2,256 6,768.00

Total $9,406.74

Total on hand Dec. 31, 1937..$! 15,623.97

In order to render moderate financial assistance to those who were engaged in small farming or business, and who did not have a bankable undertaking, the Cooper- ative Security Corporation was set up.

This company has made a number of small loans (which are largely character loans) but has limited the amount it would lend to any one person to at most a few hundred dollars.

In addition to the foregoing, very large {Continued on page 314)

CROWDS ON TEMPLE SQUARE WHO DID NOT

GAIN ADMISSION TO THE TABERNACLE OR

ASSEMBLY HALL. Tribune Photo.

JhjL PROTESTORS OF CHRISTENDOM Iv. JhsL QomudL

D TUauL omL A STORYINGS ANDDEALINGTEACHINGSWITH THEOFWRITTHE

APOSTOLIC FATHERS AND WITH THOSE NOTABLE CHARACTERS OF RELIGION WHO THROUGH THE CENTURIES HAVE PROTESTED AND WHO

THEten Christianspersecutionshadwhichsufferedhad frein HAVE BEEN PROTESTED AGAINST.

quently deprived them of their bravest, strongest, and best. They By JAMES L BARKER

were to be subjected in the fourth Head of the Department of Modern Languages century and later to the far greater at the University of Utah, and a member of the dangers of imperial patronage. General Board of the Deseret Sunday School

Scarcely was the tenth and last Union of the great persecutions past when, with the Edict of Milan (313). Constantine granted religious tolerance

to all. Almost over night Christianity passed from the position of

a persecuted religion to that of a favored religion, and soon paganism began to be suppressed by force.

In spite of some protestations of tolerance, throughout the fourth century no emperor gave up the idea of a religiously unified empire, and the pagan worship was everywhere forbidden, not only in the temples but even in private houses. "Paganism

was finally stamped out. By means

of laws and rescripts, by the natural progress of Christianity, and by reason of the violent struggle between the partisans of the ancient religion and the new, the new triconverts to their party to renew their THE APPIAN WAY, ROME.

umphed, both legally and in fact."baptism."And the greatest of all

Many of the old divisions in the early dissensions, the Arian quarrel, once converted, the emperor desired church had persisted and new causes was soon to occupy all Christendom. to convert the whole empire and "to

of dissension were appearing: in make of the new religion, that which

Alexandria, the Donatists were ac- "As long as the state had been they had not been able to make of cusing (what later came to be) the indifferent or hostile, it had classed the old, a universal and official instiCatholic party of laxity in accepting all Christians, heretical, schismatic, tution, a state religion."*

together, crimequally as orthodox, other heretics of of baptismthe and intention "that an supposed Such inal law. the before (313) Now in theunauthorized persons and frequentgovernment mix would it inthe to that chosen an become had ordinations; of they matter and ecclesiastical in that ly matters and it itself factor, at terested once found true to the only holy "claimed be and progreat the from favor which, a It discriminate. to obliged could not mirof Christ; of boasted Church to a the sect elevated church scribed or sects conceivably support two two acles revelations; required and and institution, state of be kind would in at the the time bishops same same

ii, notable obligations of vol. paid for I'Eglise, with Histoire 'Duchesne, ancienne de "p. place. of the the conversion With that 648. the to give "... Milan: The Edict we of obedience,"and all to Christians following of the a free power and in fidelity the princes, tendency to meddle

religion which his had given allmindwilledto theto riteschoose,of andthe thatChristians,none whoor the internal affairs of the church be- "To this the church resigned itself.

fittest to for religion himself, he thought whatever it raised In principle, no objections more pronounced. came Who was its full all exercise, case denied should be in any

It quite natfound was of abolished; that so of in anywhere. those conditions each being interested than the emperor sorts more

have who... When things went well, ligion, maythedevotesame himselfwill to toobserveits freetheandChristiansimple obre- knowing which party represented ural.

all apart to inquietude servance the from molestation."see scandalized and one was no tradition? true Christian The

c. Lactantius, Latin 48, text Persec. Mart. and the De interintervene. Let him emperor to refer in temptation translation the Smith, Ecclesiastical Student's was great History,

vol. Constantine1, p. 243, did not "violate the tolerance promised dispute to the emperor. Besides, vene in the right sense, that is all

of that except the of him."* within "'elf, Edict asked the Milan they Church by

Smith, Student's Ecclesiastical History, vol. 1, p. civil ortht... used to enforce the power the was where

for the (catholic), Histoire Council of the Duchesne ancienne de I'Eglise, decrees Nicene of 250. worship

Christ while the worship of Jupiter was left free."Shotwell and Loomis, The See of Peter, p. 451. vol, ii, p. 657.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1938

The most fundamental beliefs of no such assembly could have taken estimated at about 1000 in the Greek

Christianity were in dispute. Alplace without the instigation or coprovinces and 800 in the Latin,""

ready Constantine had tried unsucoperation of Sylvester (bishop of assembled at Nicea. "The Latin

cessfully to appease the Donatist Rome). Yet all such contemporary churches sent only seven bishops;

quarrel in the west when his attenevidence as we have concurs in and the fact deserves special notice, tion was attracted to the division of making Constantine alone the author that this first representative assemthe church in the east by the Arian and promoter of the huge enterprise, bly of all the churches decided on controversy. It was concerned with even as he had been of the Council the Cathohc faith without the presthe nature of God, with the nature of Aries (called to settle the Donence or voice of the Bishop of Rome,

of the Son, and more especially with atist dispute). Eusebius gives him though the aged Sylvester was

the relation of the Son to the Father, the sole credit, as do the letters isrepresented by two presbyters, Vicand, later, with the nature and the sued by the council itself, and he tor (or Vitus) and Vincentius.'""

relation of the Holy Ghost to the himself, both then and afterwards, The bishops arrived in Nicea

Father and to the Son."spoke of it as the synod which he some time in May, but awaited the

Little is known of the beginnings had summoned.'""Dr. Funk {Kirarrival of Constantine to begin the

of the Arian controversy. About chengeschichtliche Abhandlungen, council until the fourteenth of June,

319, Arius was at the head of one t. 1. Ill, ch. XII) has accumulated 325, A. D., "according to the most

of the Alexandrian churches; he was many texts and many arguments to probable calculations."The openalso entrusted with the explanation show that Constantine acted in his ing session was then held in the prinof the scriptures. Born in Lybia toown personal name and on his own cipal church of Nicea. A few days

wards the middle of the preceding initiative.""Mourret quotes Conlater the council moved into a large

century, his life was austere and his stantine's letter as follows: "Today hall of the imperial palace.

mind brilliant; he was tall, thin, and it has seemed good tO'me for many The opening speech was made by

in the a council to assembleof at the right appearance. imposing bishop seated hand the was reasons He

It will in Bithynia. be city of Nicea, to some,energetic, according capable courageous, of Constantine, and

of bishops the easily reached by to his eloof Nicea, according othersof influencing Eusebius by...; it will be Asia Europe and that of Antioch. said of others, Eustathius hequence. him It was

maintained the Savior was the firsteasier for me to be present and to Constantine then replied in Latin, an born of all men and, consequently, take part in the council. Therefore, interpreter translating his words into

I brothers, dear make known... "I thank Greek: who Godthat He had not existed from all very

is which that you to you my will,.. ofeternity. grace accorded go has me the

city without said to the of Nicea. inhere.. The convoking you all.."". to EuseAccording church of the testine divisions seemTn 321, Bishop Alexander of Alexdelay

andria excommunicated Arius in bius, Constantine declared that he to me more serious and more danon of the Council Nicea convoked conthan wars and other all his following. gerous Ariusa synod with

inspirahis the "under own initiative, that It is flicts then necessary of his beliefscirculated a statement...

among the bishops and asked them, tion of God.""your hearts be united and that peace

if they approved, to intercede for Constantine "convoked a univerbe seen to reign among you...

him with Bishop Alexander. sal council and with respectful let- "Eusebius never names the man

Confronted now with a division ters summoned the bishops to gather who presided. The fifth century

in the eastern half of the empire even at once from all quarters. Nor did historian Theodoret believes that it

more serious than the Donatist disthe emperor merely issue a bare comit was Eustathius, bishop of Antioch, sension in the west, the emperor mand, but by his generosity he conand probabilities seem to favor his

Constantine sent his rehgious adtributed much to its accomplishsuggestion. Antioch and Alexanvisor, Hosius, bishop of Cordova, ment. He allowed some bishops to dria were the most venerated sees

with a letter addressed to both Alexuse the public post and others an of the east and the bishop of Alexander and Arius, in which he proample supply of horses for transandria, being himself involved in the tested against the discussion in pubportation.""He also provided "libcase, could hardly preside over the

lic meetings of the topics in dispute."erally from the imperial treasury for assembly that was to try it.""

as their the Council during expense eflFort Constantine failed andThis others believes Smith However, to well as journey and fro. on the (oecu- a generaldecided to convoke of presiding. honor the shared

to bring him bishop with was Each ) council Church. of themenical conspicuous bishops the "Among or with presbyters deacons, two of the patriarchs were for their rank writers, looking Catholic "Most three servants.""Antioch, Alexander Alexandria and this event (the Councilback upon

of Nicea), have felt positive that Impelled by various motives, "The and Eustathius, the former of whom hope of accomplishing good,... then bore the title of Pope ( Papa or

"Out of these questions there developed the followthe strangeness of the event, the deAb-abba, i. e., father of fathers).

ing: to great face to sire see the emperor patriarchs have appear to These two

Did at face,"most, bishops of "about the presidents 318 the ordinary been WhatChristwas theassumerelationhumanof thenaturedivinecompletely?nature to tbe

human Was natureChrist'sin willChrist?human or divine? onesixth of the total number Council in turn with Hosius of

fall? results the of the were What of Caesarea and Eusebius throughout the Empire, who are Corduba

to divine apart grace? will from do good Can man of Palestine), (Metropolitan who II, 6373; Constantini, 'Eusebius, Vita Vita Conletter reConstantine's ch.stantini, In CLXIII. the of advisers special emthe were 470. Loomis, Peter, Shotwell p. See and The of are Arius asked Eusebius,produced and Alexander II,by

ii, vol. I'Eglise. Histoire Mourret, Generale de left right his at sat and peror andto altogether disputing questions cease about secondary

35. note, p. thatto in the religion. main agreed They were and page 312) on (Continued

ii, vol. I'Eglise, Histoire '"Mourret, Generale de pp. at suffice. a arrive reconshould Let them prompt

36, 37. anxiety.ciliation great free from him and 255. History, Ecclesiastical p. Student's "Smith.

III, 3-5. Vita Constantini,

is title precisely Council. ''CEcumenical "This 255. History, Ecclesiastical p. "Smith, Student's III, 5, Eusebius, 6. Constantini, Translation Vita to technical for theequivalent meaning imperial;

I'Eglise, Histoire Generale Mourret, de Cited by Loomis, of from and Shotwell 484, Peter, The See of pp. (literally, inhabited world") "thee was oikoamene

Smith, Student's Ecclesiastical 255. History, 471. p. Peter, i, p. Loomis, and See of The vol. "Shotwell note> 254. Ecclesiasticaldent's History, page

"FLASH BACK"TOA ONE HUNDRED YEARS AGO

it has become somethingLATELY of a fashion among the great i{sdhU)uiwfL--and. thhouqlfL It alL jojua. JbjOjdsiAA.

periodicals of the day to send famous correspondents to Salt Lake hidjcL ihsL piwplsL ioqsdhsui, anxL pwm Hvl fwoA.

City and then presently to publish friendly articles presenting the LatanxL ihsL wsmlt xucunsL mjujhhf msm..

terday Saints as a people with virtues to be emulated. After reading the General Conference report,"The Church Takes Stock of ItBy GLYNN BENNION

self"(beginning on page 274) it Of the Church Historian s Office is little wonder that such should be the case.

How different the picture a cenprising this camp traveled nine hundeath by the exterminating order of tury ago! In 1838 two states in sucdred miles in wagons, tenting by the Governor Boggs.

cession drove the founders of our way. They were wellorganized Of special interest among the

1 838 is the apostasy of sosociety beyond their borders with a and disciplined and their experience events of great zest to be rid of them. furnished the pattern for the greater many of the strong men of the

Saints the the Kirtland of migrations across dethe following Church in imagination one Let back us go later. plains bacle a years Missouri subsequent the few and that to stormiest years yearhundred

influx persecutions. the great of such included Ohio These With forin history of the Church, the there Saints into Missouri, leaders occurred Oliver as Whitmer, David

in to appreciate our ordersurely hostile feelings against of Phelps, a renewal Cowdery, Orson W. W. inheritancespiritual material and we part of old the the B. the on Marsh. Church Hyde, Most and Thomas of [eel the emotions very againmust state, settlers later the of rejoined the these of watched who men firing line battled thethose on who setbitter multiplication of regret the after of seasons Church Mormon

is religion. establishto our There

tlers alarm. lawtearful Clergymen, of with repentance, them some and

this for the only on pagespace leadyers, other serve to businessmen, the notably and and Church of events ofbriefest the summary tO'the rest the state ers of loyalty for the whip with began up unshaken that notable year old mob spirit against the Mormons of their lives. The defection of

By the close of 1837, Kirtland, for the reason that no legal process these great men in 1838 can only be

Ohio, had become a hotbed of aposhad been invented to cope with the accounted for on the theory that tasy and the mob spirit, and its troublesome problem. even the bravest and finest natures

breakup as the gathering place of By August this agitation began to may break in times of terrible stress, the Saints appeared imminent. Fearbear fruit in the rising of armed even as the great apostle, Peter,

ing for their lives, Joseph Smith and bands sworn to expel the Saints from faltered in the dark hours following

Sidney Rigdon left Kirtland, Janutheir homes by illegal force. The the betrayal and arrest of Jesus.

ary 12, 1838, on horseback and set Saints endeavored to cope with this Other important events of 1838 out for the settlements of the Saints danger by furnishing several comwere: the fixing by revelation of the

in Missouri. These Missouri Saints panies of troops, regularly enlisted official name of the Church; the lohad five years before been driven as part of the state militia, and actcation of Adamondi-Ahman as the

northward across the Missouri River ing under the orders of the proper place where Adam will come in the from Jackson County by the older officers. Defensive operations of last days to visit his people; the

settlers of the section into more these Mormon troops, however, were revelation on tithing; the rapid

sparsely inhabited counties and had construed as rebellion and only furgrowth of the yearold British Misby 1 838 attained a creditable degree nished fuel for the fury of hatred sion under the presidency of Heber of prosperity there. against the Saints which was sweep- C. Kimball; the death of Apostle

With their faces toward the proming Missouri, and which presently David Patten, first martyr of the last ised Zion in Missouri, most of the culminated in the capture and sackdispensation; the secret organizafaithful Saints of Kirtland now preing by mob forces of the principal tion of the "Danites"by a wicked

pared to flee from the spiritual and Mormon towns of DeWitt, AdamMormon named Samson Avard, financial confusion of deflated Kirtondi-Ahman, and Far West, the which, although exposed and broken land and follow their prophet into massacre of a score of Saints at up by Joseph Smith before it could

Missouri. Of these companies of Haun's Mill, the arrest and imprisfunction, became the basis then and

migrating Saints the most notable onment of the Prophet Joseph and ever since for antiMormon stories was the "Kirtland Camp,"of about many other leaders of the Church, of a secret murderand-plunder sofive hundred souls, led by the quoand the ordering of the rest of the ciety in the Church; the occasional

rum of Seventy. The Saints comSaints out of Missouri under pain of formal study of grammar and law

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1938

by the Prophet Joseph as a means But to Brigham Young, who rose of keeping a level head in the midst to heights during the imprisonment of the roaring turmoil when other of his prophetleader Joseph Smith, men were cracking under the strain; this meant the breakup of the Kingthe remarkable revelations given the dom. He clearly saw that the Saints'

Prophet in Liberty Jail. only chance for survival as a Church

But there are two features in this lay in their being shepherded along robust story of 1838 that take a together in one flock. And besides,

firmer hold on my interest than all if those who had been so fortunate the rest: as to save enough of their property

In the first place, the account of NAUVOO THE BEAUTIFUL to provide wagons and teams for the mobbing of the Missouri Saints themselves were allov/ed to get out in 1 838 and the record of that state Up and down the land in search of of the country, then those who had for the following thirty years furnother victims. Those mobbcrats who been robbed of all they had would

ishes one of the most perfect exhad been called patriots during the be left behind to perish.

amples of the sequence of crime and Mormon drivings were now border So Brigham Young, as president retribution in history. ruffians and for many years they of the Twelve, bent every effort to

All historians now agree that there ruled that unhappy land with rapine persuade the fleeing Saints to move was no excuse for the violent exand violence—until in many oncein one direction. From camp to

pulsion of the Saints, and that the settled districts of Missouri the only camp he went getting signatures to carrying out of Governor Bogg's standing objects were blackened a pledge that all who'had anything wicked exterminating order made chimneys beside the ashes of burnt to spare would devote that surplus one of the few blots on America's homes, as Joseph Smith had preto helping the poor out of Missouri.

record as the land of free opinion dicted. His exactions upon himself and all

and the stronghold of the rights of others who could help were without man. For no Latterday Saint was "DuT OF even greater significance to mercy. After he had removed his

ever arrested and convicted in Misus now is the lesson furnished by own family to a place of refuge in souri for any illegal act. the attitude and labors of Brigham Illinois, he made nearly a score of

The Saints were driven out beYoung during the exodus of the trips at the jeopardy of his life back cause they were "foreigners."They Saints from Missouri. into Missouri where he directed the

were hated and feared because they Joseph Smith, the adored leader, procuring of teams and the placing were mostly New England abolitionthe oracle of God to the Church, had of depots of provisions along the ists; because they preached that been betrayed into prison. Forty of way for the moving Saints andMissouri was the land of Zion—ultithe Saints had been slaughtered outurged the destitute in the direction

mately to be the inheritance of the right by the mobs; many more had of the chosen gathering place in

Saints; and because they gathered died or were reduced to helplessness Illinois.

so rapidly that in some places they as a result of the whippings and were able to outvote the old settlers. other barbarous cruelties inflicted This thing is of tremendous imThey were acknowledged by their upon them; their arms and every portance; it is characteristic of the

enemies to be industrious and withmeans of selfdefense had been activities of Brigham Young all the out equal as community builders, to taken from them; their property, rest of his life. During the exodus

have won a status of prosperity and totaling several million dollars in from Nauvoo only seven years later, independence faster than others, and value, they had been forced to sign when again the Saints had to flee because so many of them -were school away at the point of bayonets; arrointo the wilderness to escape the

teachers they had the most and best gant, unpitying officers harangued lawless intolerance of their neighschools for their numbers in the the beaten, leaderless Saints, orderbors, this insistence that the strong state. ing them to keep moving and warnmust help to carry along the weak

The sin of the Saints'enemies in ing them that if more than five were became the keynote of Brigham

Missouri lies in the fact that they found together they would be fired Young's leadership. And after a

could not tolerate newcomers who on; plundermad bands of ruffians sanctuary had been found and estabheld opinions that seemed to menace were riding up and down the counlished in the mountainous deserts of

their preferred position as the older tryside whipping, looting, burning. the far west, this stouthearted

settlers; and their leaders, spreading Thus twelve thousand Mormons Moses of the latter days organized

and believing falsehoods after the were harried toward the borders of the Perpetual Emigrating Fund fashion of all war propaganda, perMissouri throughout the dreadful Company, called on every ward to mitted and encouraged the most winter of 1838-9, many of them furnish teams and provisions to meet brutal elements of the populace to afoot and suffering for lack of food the emigrants every year at the rise in outlaw fashion and satiate and clothing. Such more or less Missouri River, and instituted in

themselves with plunder and cruelty surreptitious meetings of the PriestUtah his program of public works so at the expense of the Saints as the hood as could be contrived were conthat the worthy poor might be easiest and quickest method of getcerned with whether to move toward brought to Zion and given a chance ting rid of them. one gathering place outside of Misto win an inheritance there.

But after the Mormon problem souri or to scatter out in every direcFor Brigham Young had the vihad been thus liquidated, it was soon tion and remain separated from each sion to see the potential strength of found that this ugly thing which had other for a time. Bishop Edward the repentant poor: that by saving

been used against the Mormons had Partridge counseled against trying the weak and oppressed and setting grown uncontrollable. It reminds to keep together, and following his them in the way of a better life,

one of the story of the man who lead, the brethren decided to scatter energies are hberated that build the made a monster. Anarchy had taken into different states until the fury of greatness and prosperity of the

the bit in its mouth and was raiding persecution should die down. Church.

The story of our—Hymns*—

thrilled occasion on one by a delivered the late PresBy GEORGE D. PYPER wassermon by

General Superintendent of the Deseret ident Joseph F. Smith on the subject

First AssistSunday and School Union ant Chairman Church of the Music oftions.""The Third and Fourth GeneraWORDS AND MUSIC BY Committee At the close of the service ProEVAN STEPHENS fessor Stephens strolled alone up

City Creek Canyon pondering the inspired words of the President.

Suddenly the muse came upon him and seated upon a rock which was

THEmostLATEprohflcEvancomposerStephens,of Latthe thestandingrushingfirmwaterunderandthehappilypressuresymof terday Saint hymns, who wrote bolic of his theme, he wrote with a "True to the Faith,"had a clear conpencil the words of "True to the ception of the requisite fundamentals Faith"and with roughly drawn of Latterday Saint hymnody. On staves composed the music.

the subject he wrote: "It isn't words or music to dream

"The songs and music of the Latover;"he later said, "it is that pulter-day Saints are in perfect accord sating with the life and action of

with the spirit of the newly revealed today. Yesterday was the dreamGospel of Jesus Christ, as restored er's day. Today belongs to the acin modern times through the medium tive wideawake worker, and our reof the Prophet Joseph Smith. EVAN STEPHENS ligion is preeminently in harmony

"In contrast to that generally used with today and its unparalleled acby the churches of the day in which tivity. Our songs and music, to a

this Church was set up anew upon degree, at least, are here again in the earth, they are as light to darkTRUE TO THE FAITH harmony with our religion, as they ness, or brightness to gloom. ExBy Evan Stephens should be; and, true to its active,

pressions of fear and sorrow, the optimistic character, our young peoterrible confessions of and lamentaSHALL the youth of Zion falter, ple sing:

tions over sin, the constant dwelling In defending truth and right?

the While enemy assaileth. salvation, out our crucified work sufferings the of ourupon We

shrink, or shun the fight? Shall we will truth. the cleave unto Wewill tortures in the eternalSavior, and No! will labor pray and watch and We sinners, for give in the placestore the fervent zeal of youth, Yes! With

songs of the Latterday Saints to Chorus expressions of hope, joy and the True to the faith that our parents True to the faith that our parents have cherished, cherished. forgiven. sins ofsense More the emTrue tohave truth for which martyrs True to the truth for which martyrs have is placedphasis upon the love and perished. have perished,

the glorious conquest of our ReTo God's command. To God's command, soul, heart and hand,

deemer than upon his earthly sufferSoul, heart and hand, Faithful and true we will ever stand.

stand. true Faithful will ever and weings; redemption the final on more

to "'True the first pubFaith'was erringof all humanity than upon the of pow'rs a While know we darklished in Instructor, Juvenile The souls. suffering ofneverending ness

When the heartstrings and the fount Seek to thwart the work of God, Volume 40, page 95, and was proat all,of tears are to be touched it CeaseShall theto graspchildrentheof"ironthe promiserod?"No! posederal Boardby theto Sundaybe sung Schoolat their Gencon-is tenderness, with sympathy and

joy, rather than with terror and sorWe will work out our salvation, ferences in 1905. On the copy was

row. This is equally true of the We will cleave unto the truth, written: 'Lovingly dedicated to my

watch pray and and labor. pupils of Zion'."20,000 We will text ofkeynote and music, when

zeal fervent the of youth. Yes! With really are characteristicthe songs This song, more than any other,

of the prevailing spirit of 'MormonWe will strive to be found worthy in the opinion of the writer of this ism.'Of the kingdom of our Lord, sketch, contains more of the comfaithful ones redeemed, poser's reWith emotional professor of music enthusiasm than "A young kept His word. loved and Who havethe the question,cently of his writings. any other Professor 'What put to me Yes!

would you term the "Mormonistic"Stephens loved the youth of Zion.

in music?'I replied, 'That which He was companionable with them

breathes optimism and not pessi- "and did much for those who came mism; music in which the sombre heighten the effect of the bright.'within his charmed circle. This

must not predominate, but be used When Evan Stephens was consong was his spiritual advice to only as a means of contrast to ductor of the Tabernacle Choir he them.

WE NOW ENJOY SHADE AND BEAUTY 1. FOREGROUND—ROCKY MOUNTAIN RED CEDAR

(JUNIPERUS SCOPULORUM) CARRIED IN A

PLANTED HERE. BACKGROUND—"SCRUB"OAK(BeauiitSL SomsimsL picmJbd. U)sdL QUERCUSHANDKERCHIEF FROM WEBER CANYON AND UTAHENSIS).

2. BLACK LOCUST (ROBINIA PSEUDOACOCIA) IN

LAKE COUNTY, UTAH. By IRVIN T. NELSON 3. WINTER. LOCATED IN EAST MILL CREEK, SALT LOMBARDY POPLAR (POPLUS NIGRA ITALICA).

N KEEPING with the spirit of this Landscape Committeeman. TALL"THEREPOPLARIS NOINBEAUTYTHE RAIN"HALFORSOSNOW.PLAIN AS A

subject and title we quote: Church Beautiflcation 4. COLORADO BLUE SPRUCE (PICCA PUNGENSI GLAUEA) UTAH'S BEAUTIFUL Committee STATE TREE.

(POPULUS FREMONTII PUBES- "The World is Full"5. COTTONWOODCENS) FOUND NEAR COTTONWOOD CREEK,

LANE, WALKERS SALT LAKE COUNTY, UTAH. seen I have a rich man GREEN ASH (FREXINUS LANCEOLATA) ON THE

little over a dis- 6. PIONEER CEMETERY, MORMON FLORENCE,thing—a"Everybodytree, oughta bush,to orplanta flower.someplace;more concernedand NEIt adds to the richness of life. eased, twodollar bush he had set BRiASKA.

IN YOUNG COTTONWOOD"it A PUBLIC bringsWatching interest grow out an with than hands his own he was 7. "BRIGHAM PARK, FLORENCE, SAID NEBRASKA—AND TO

inin nature, rain. the sun the HAVE over BEEN and rest all the PLANTED IN BY BRIGHAM of his estate."YOUNG

1846 AND USED BY HIM ASA HITCHING POST.

IT IS OVER SIX FEET IN DIAMETER.I have seen a poor man tending a "These trees"—with a wave ofshrub he had planted in his doorhis hand—"will be my friends for S. HORSE CHESTNUT (AESCULUS HIPPOCASTANUM).

MOSTyard, THE BEAUTIFUL TREE OF ITS life; and getting pleasure out more and the rest of my after that my PERHAPSKIND IN HOLLADAY. PLANTEDof it than children's if he had and owned grandchildren's. a show BY ROSEAIN UTAH—FOUND my STOUT, ASSOCIATE OF PRESIDENT

They are the best friends a man can BRIGHAM YOUNG.

9. NATIVE GREEN SPRUCE (PICCA PUNGENS). Levison in American ONE OF THE OLDEST SPRUCE IN SALT LAKE have."—J. J.

IN VALLEY HOLLADAY. FOUND Magazine, quoted BROUGHT in Reader's Digest. CHARLESFROM PARLEY'SHARPER.CANYON AND REPLANTED BY

A GARDE

ddu an. cdjcL to itcaAt,

dlswdih, nfojpyuud:, (mwsnknai,

anjcL Jamilif cmwmij

By J. C HOGENSON

Extension Agronomist, Utah State Agricultural College

THEilyFIRSTis to considerationprovide the necessitiesof a fambe Iflocatedpossiblewiththe homeregardgardento convenshould PotatoesOther vegetables 16075 poundspounds of life, foremost of which is an ience to the home, suitable soil, and This grdup includes:

adequate balanced food supply. In ease of irrigation. The garden Parsnips Beets Corn

many cases this can be done best and should be planned in advance of Turnips Onions Squash most efficiently with a growing garplanting. The family should know Tomatoes 100 pounds

den. beforehand just what crops are to

A successful garden is worth be planted, where each is to be ( 2 ) The tastes and preferences much more than its money value. planted and how much of each of the family should be considered

Numerous experiments have so emvariety tO'plant in order to provide when choosing the vegetables to be phasized the value of vegetables in just the right amount for the family planted and when deciding upon the the diet that such terms as "vitato use while each is at its best. In amount of space to be given to each

mins"and "minerals"have become planning the garden the following kind.

things should be taken into conhousehold words. The advantages ( 3 ) If the garden is large enoughof a constant, convenient supply of sideration:

vegetables are not to be minimized. ( 1 ) The garden should be large to justify the growing of perennials or like rhubarb, a asparagus row and of a variety to vegesupply enough the gardenVegetables from home raspberries, should they of or two for tables to family the needs meet their at best harvested be whenmay garden,, side of the planted be one on is available, a year. land Where providing maturity,condition thus of

in convenience a of as matter manthe large garden be should enough to their best the atfresh vegetables plot. the rest the of aging to for canning, vegetables provide all at times.family

The money and health value of a drying, and storing for winter use. (4) Crops that mature at about

garden is often underestimated, An adequate garden will provide the same season should be planted many thinking that other work or three servings of vegetables for each as nearly as possible in one unit.

other use of the land is more immember of the family for every day Thus spring and early summer vegeportant. Last year the home garin the year. The day's food supply tables like turnips, beets, radishes,

dens in Utah ranged in money value for good nutrition includes lettuce, spinach, and peas should be from $25.00 to $200, or an average Leafy, green or yellow colored..one serving planted near together. This makes

value of $112.00 per family garden. Potatoes one serving it possible to replant this area in the

When it is realized that this value Other vegetables one serving garden to fall vegetables, whereas, disif the spring crops planted were utilization of a the received bywas quantiyearly approximate The tributed promiscuously over enthe spare eachfew and moments day ties vegetables of to provide a modplot, tire succession cropping would vitality thethat of the health and cost, erate diet for adequate one difficult. like Fall crops maturing be better,children begin was we made are: adult man carrots, parsnips, onions should andto realize of inestimable the the value

garden. In this worthyhome enterLeafy,This greengrouporincludes:yellow colored...100 pounds matoes,form anotherpotatoes,plantingand vineunit,crops,with liketoprise, of the family too, all members

are given the opportunity to con- I II III cucumbers, forming another.

tribute something of importance for ChardSpinach StringGreen peasbeans CarrotsYellow ( 5 ) The planting plan should be the maintenance of the family as a Kale Asparagus rutabagas so arranged that low growing crops whole. In addition, caring for the Beet greens Green Yellow like radishes, spinach, etc., will not

squash Cabbage peppers excellent tall tonic garden is anhome crops shaded growing or by Cauliflower corn be Yellow for tired, nerves shattered plants and jaded covered that spread out up by Brussel muscles. Sprouts like cucumbers and tomatoes.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1938

Soil selected for planting, and no subfew inches of soil. Deep cultivation

stitutions should be made even destroys many of these fine roots 'T'he garden soil is of the utmost though the pictures on the seed and should be avoided if a profitable importance. Vegetables grow packages may look inviting. crop is desired.

quickly and mature in a rather short time. There must, therefore, be Planting Water

plenty of available food in the soil Without irrigation, gardens would so that the young plants can get The time, manner, and depth of be impossible in semiarid regions.

what food they need when they need planting the seed are very important. High quality vegetables are tender,

it for normal growth. Barnyard Hardy vegetables like cabbage, crisp, succulent, and mildly flavored.

manure is the best fertilizer for garcress, onions, radishes, may be plantThese qualities depend upon a unidens because it supplies both plant ed as soon as the soil can be worked form and rather rapid growth. This

food requirements and organic matin the spring. Half hardy crops requires a constant and uniform

ter. If this is applied in the spring like beets, carrots, lettuce should be moisture condition in the soil.

just before plowing or spading, it planted about two weeks later.

should be wellrotted manure. If Tender crops like spinach, sweet Perennials

it is applied to the land plowed in corn, beans, tomatoes and cucumbers Berries of various kinds are a last of the the severe timethe fall, then fresh manure is best. about available to every luxury home

frost, of usually the or about middle is suitable there for a land where like pepcrops tender May. Very Seedbed particuare garden. Raspberries

pers not watermelons be should and if is larly to easy well the land grow is preparation very imSeedbed is soil until planted probthe warm, too not drained heavy. Strawandportant. operation begins with This first the of All ably about June. berries require attention but more or spading followedplowing by covsmall vegetable should seed be

if can replanted about be grown leveling, toraking, proand firming soil lightly ered the firmed very and years. three every currants Black suitable in a placeduce which good the of the the around seed with back are English currants red popuand germinate. canseeds Air moisand foot. or hoe

jellies, lar for preserves canning and for areture necessary both germiis easynation. A cloddy, coarse surface Cultivation fresh. The native currant

means a poor stand of vegetables. to grow and will produce abundantly

if of cultivation purpose main The chance. given a fair red and The seedbed is one that is fine,A good

is control. crops, Vegetable weed are currants white bush somewhatfirm, moist. and

if they have to compete with weeds, more difficult to grow. If the area

Seed usually do not amount to much. It available is large enough, a few dewis much easier to kill weeds when berry bushes, a half dozen Concord

Clean, viable seed of the varieties they first come up than when they grape vines and probably ten gooseknown to thrive best under the cliare half grown. The depth of culberry bushes will increase the variety

matic, soil, and moisture conditions tivation is very important. Plant of fruits available for canning, jellthat prevail in the locality should be roots develop abundantly in the top ing, and preserving.

COMMUNITY GARDEN, TOOELE, 1935.

PRICELESS

POSSESSION

BY MARY EK KNOWLES

STARED STRAIGHT BARNEY Deerfield, presAHEAD. NO USE TRYING B.'ARNEYident of the Metropolitan National EXPLAIN TO A MAN LIKETO

Bank, stood in the door of his private TLEPETE WITHPIG EYESHIS SELFISHAND LITHIS office and bade goodbye to> the REPUTATION FOR SHADY BUSfamiliar surroundings; the glassINESS DEALS. ened at giving up what was in their

topped desk with the onyx and worn leather purses, but trusting;

marble inkwell, the comfortable, schoolteachers; housewives; students

deepcushioned leather armchair,—all trusting him with their precious

the blue velour drapes at the wide away from himself. "You wouldn't hoard. He had known then that

plateglass window overlooking understand, Pete."there was only one course for him to

Main Street, the green lacy fern Pete said no, he didn't understand, take. Still—after forty years of

to have nothing!on the window sill—he must see and wheezed on his way, and Barney hard work,

that Miss Skylark got that. It was walked over to Park Street, boarded

she who had tended it carefully all the suburban train, and sat down in JJy the time he reached these years, watering it every morn- a back seat. No use to drive the Oakville, his broad shoulders drooping and pulling out the dead fronds limousine out to Oakwood. It didn't ed and he looked every one of his

with her long, efficient fingers. Tobelong to him any more. He had fiftyfive years. It was dark and

morrow the newspapers would carry given it up. There was an old car he was glad of that. He couldn't

the headlines that the Metropolitan in the garage behind the white cotface any of his neighbors tonight.

Bank was closing its doors. Barney tage. He would have his son, Tomorrow perhaps....

sighed and turned away. But there George, look at it. With a bit of As he neared his home, a slight

would be another bit of news, too. tinkering it might be made to run figure walked through the gateway

Not one depositor should lose a cent. again.... His children... the toward him: Martha! And she had

He, Barney, had seen to that. two girls and the four boys, all been waiting for him, a light shawl

He walked over the shiny floors, a grown now and married. Lucky about her shoulders to protect her

tall, welldressed man with wavy that he had taught them never to from the cool October air. The

gray hair, past the teller's windows, depend on his wealth for security. comforting thought came to him that

the switchboard with its plugs and They had all made their own way. Martha would always be waiting.

headphones. All were deserted now. There would be just he and It eased a little the dull ache in his

For twenty years this had been his Martha to take care of. Martha! mind.

kingdom, his life. Eyes misty, he What would she say? Everything "You are late, my dear."Martha

pushed open the heavy ornate front gone: the town house on Hillside placed her hand on his arm and he

doors and stepped out onto the Drive; the summer place at Deepnoticed how slight was its weight.

street, vale in the midst of the tall pines, He thought: to me she is more beauPete Ostrum stopped him with a with the smell of bacon in the morntiful than she was the day we were

beefy hand. "Just heard the news, ing, the blue lake out in front, and married. I love her more, with a

Barney. That you're paying the dethe whisper of the wind through the deep, contented love. If only youth

positors out of your own pocket. trees at night; and the white cottage, coLtld look forward to this blessed

You're a fool, Barney. You didn't that would have to go, too. There peace, they would build the foundahave to do that. Take your little would be just enough left to keep tion of their marriage with greater

pile and skip out of town while the him and Martha for a few months care and patience.

going's good. That's what I'd have if they lived frugally. He must tell Martha now what he

done. You've always impressed me Had he been a fool to make the had done.

as being a smart man. What made sacrifice for people who were no They sat down on a bench in the

you do such a thing?"more to him than the numbers on a garden, and Barney leaned forward

Barney stared straight ahead. No bank book? But that was just it. and placed his hands on his knees,

use trying to explain to a man like They were not just numbers; they heard his voice dry and shaken. "I

Pete with his selfish little pig eyes were human beings who would know have something to tell you, Martha."

and his reputation for shady busihunger and cold and futility if their "Yes?"He could visualize her,

ness deals that a man is the sum savings were lost. The day before waiting, her sweet face turned tototal of the thoughts he thinks, the he had stood in the door of the office wards him.

ideals he has. When the crisis had and watched them file in: farmers, "It's about the bank."

come he had acted in the only way sunburned and weary, clutching Martha remained silent.

he could. He might flee to the ends their hardearned money in cal- "The Metropolitan National Bank

of the earth, but he could never run loused hands; old ladies, a bit fright- [Continued on page 308)

TO AN UNDAUNTED WOMAN THE CHALLENGE MOTHER'S DAY

By Fae Decker Dix By Margaret Coray (In the Hospital) 4t "\1 7iTH your shield or on it."This they

Prelude: told By Mary Batter Watkins

sons eager of a war. before Greece The stars, clasps of the kind courageYOUR rosebuds brought still life, flutes me perfumed the of unceasing, And the to call it dares cosmic world And pour You

palest, pinkish hue, to challenge out challenge youth; Of a The great!

rolled To gladden me on "Mother's Day"

Out of a lofty heritage, Across the passing centuries to fold And fill my heart anew.

Armored with patience to smile. Its echo in the hearts of us, the corps

Out of a quiet endurance, Of bannerwaving soldiers. More and As twilight crept in slowly,

No futile hope can defile, more (The day had been so long)

Was raised a highbom courage Of us march bravely past. All things hold Those precious buds had opened

Outliving the rigors of pain For us a fairy loveliness. Our shield? And burst forth like a song.

Bright coals in the soft, gray ashes, The mist of brilliance wrapped around our

Bright rose petals after the rain. eyes They told me of a message

Through which we see no sorrow, only They carried in their heart light. And said if I'd stop fretting

Some go out to fall upon the field. A secret they'd impart.

ATTIC ROOM Theirliesshield beneath them. But for others And so I listened gladly

By Rena Stotenburgh Travais The joy of bringing victory home at night. To the story ages old,

Of how my darling loved me room, ATTIC AN and still. SEAWORTHY As through a rose retold. And stiffy

With three dead flies (A mother to her son) So, I shall always know, dear.

On the window sill. By Gladys Hendrickson You loved me on that day,

Why do I climb Because those rosebuds told me,

Up the narrow stairs 'T'o ME you are In their silent, peaceful way.

To see old toys, -*- Such a precious thing,

And I-usedto-wears? I scarce can trust you

The roof is low To the surge of wave.

And I bump my head, For wave might bring

The dust lies deep You to the shoals

On a battered sled. And disillusion. MOTHERS DAY

An old chest holds Such various things To me you are By Ida Powell Brown thing! untried an Such games and books As

I to long keep you puzzles and strings. And

Harborbound and safe. THEMother:children come today with gifts for long hid Treasures

From noonday light, My heart might sing. Sweet flowers, candy wrapped in cellodefy the My soul phane. glove A pitcher's

confusion. Lightheartedly they say "From Jim and of a kite. Sea's And part

Sally,"back But I come if I yet, And go their way 'till Mother's Day dusty gloom To its thought With or word or prayer Then

And am ten once more Could keep you here, again.

In an attic room. I would not have it so For this one day the old home's filled with

I know your dreams; voices;

I open wide the door Jim finds again his books, his favorite

OPENING OF THE FOURTH SEAL And bid you go! Whilechair.Sally sings, and makes a sego pudAnd when you come ding.

By Beatrice Knowlton Ekman To your home port and me. And Mary pins a rose in Mother's hair.

I'll pride, With watch 6:8:Rev. horse; a pale Behold that and his name gallant craft Your come round, sat on Death, followed him. him was and Hell with

I shall laugh.. And Ah, how her old eyes glow, each hour is

think that precious. To fears could be planes warring terror from dropWHILE of Part soul little do. watches She thing every my you the skies

loves, you she were For than all that When might more you shots ships lay cities from armoredAnd Outward bring bound! her waste,

gifts, forget, she's The given you may fleeing homeless ones, forThe too numbed you.

cries, she to willed Jim, gift for Young your youAre crowding boats and gateways, mad laughter,... with haste

funny cowlick, infectious grin. Your your old, their the lame,The violate homes made

is Sally for beholden her While humor, to open Invader's irontread.And

hair, curly Her chin. in her the dimple

... clutchingAre scant belongings desperate...

Leaving their ruined cities and theif dead. She brought to you your love of music,

Mary, Conflicting Christians, too, obsessed with An eye for beauty, and an ear for mirth.

hate. She brought to you integrity and courage

Have rocked their land in throes of civil And greatest gift of all, she gave you strife; birth.

Have closed to commerce every outward Ah, you who come today with ribboned gate. parcels.

fieldsRobbed and towns of beauty and of to way, debt your One repay. can her you

life. fulfill trying to the By she's dreams dreamnot the sirencallsHeed along our coast ing,

To add our flaming torch... where Death You'll make each day, for her, a Mothis host. er's Day.

.

diiiyiioL JhsL fkxjmL sunsUioL QonsOismoL from time to time, the numerous duties that fall to active Latterday Saints.

HThe recently concluded General Conference of Bishop Richards and his counselors enter upon the Church was notable in many respects. their new work with the confidence, love, and blessThe addresses given were rich in spiritual fervor ings of the people whom they are called to serve.

and practical wisdom. Seldom has the restored And so the Church moves on toward its high

Gospel been set forth more beautifully and compre- A. W destiny!—/. hensively.

The attendance was the largest ever known in JhsL JjoJblsL 4.ihsL0LdL TTLcul

the history of the General Conferences. Nearly

eight thousand men crowded the Tabernacle on the lx)Pw SmnksuL evening of the general Priesthood meeting. **"|lY GRANDFATHER smoked all his life, and lived

Changes were made in the body of general ofto be over eighty, and was in good health ficers, which are of the deepest interest to the when he died. How do you account for that?"

membership of the Church. The questioner had me stumped for a moment.

Presiding Bishop Sylvester Q. Cannon was In fact, he had me stumped for a long time, because,

called to be an Apostle, to be associated with the to be frank with you, I couldn't exactly account

Council of Twelve. This automatically disorfor it. Of course, I didn't believe all of his annoyganized the Presiding Bishopric. ing statement. In the first place, I didn't believe

Elder LeGrand Richards was called to the office that his grandfather "smoked all his life,"because of Presiding Bishop. He chose as his counselors, it probably took him at least the first few years of

Marvin O. Ashton and Joseph L, Wirthlin. his life to acquire the habit—unless he were

The new officials were unanimously sustained a very unusual child indeed. And then, I rather

by the people who know that the Church continues questioned the part about his grandfather's having to be lead by inspiration from God, and that time been "in good health when he died."I doubt if

vindicates all such divinely directed acts. anyone is. One may be in good health until shortly

The outgoing Presiding Bishopric leave amidst or immediately before he dies, but I stubbornly the plaudits of the Church. They have been efmaintain that he is in extremely poor health when

fective preachers of the Gospel. Under their inhe dies.

telligent and constructive supervision the Presiding But of course, these humorous technicalities, or

Bishop's Office has become a model of temporal and as such intended to be, actually gave very little spiritual efficiency. The Aar< nic Priesthood, comfort. The fact remained that somebody's grandlargely the youth of the Church, h.iv? been given father had been a heavy smoker most of his life

helpful supervision and direction never surpassed. and had continued in good health until past eighty

other there a years, good were and I knew many highly trained widely exCannon, Bishop and castiron constitutions grandfathers with whose perienced, to given his during has the Church, in life's face of flaunted the experience could be service, bishopric, understanding needed an much the reasoning in week. truth any day sound and in in of rapid the midst growth Church this day

I I questioner, told that course of knew, and my social of upheavals. unequalled economic and

his exception grandfather old troublesome an was

Bishop David A. Smith, unsparing in his service, and had nothing to do with the rule. And to be

in addition to carrying on manifold assignments sure that he would know what I meant, I told him his of great importance, able through has been since long also of read that I had not a baby who gift, to establish friendmaking understand- a fairer fall a thirdto negligently allowed been from had ing of the purpose of the Church among those not story fire escape and was apparently none the of our faith. worse for the experience, but certainly threestory

Bishop John Wells, possessed of an unusually drops of this kind are not to be recommended as the orderly and systematic mind, has found time, amidst ideal pastime for infant children. But that still

the heavy routine of his day, to organize, outline, didn't dispose of his old, toughfibred, smoking and systematize records and reports not only in the grandfather.

office stakes the Bishop's throughout Presiding but all to puzzled But have been now, knowby who will benefit the that Church work and missions—a ing old of long records heavysmok- have who men

to years throughout come.

in to survived ing old age have good and who industrious, kind, and devoted Loving and full health, there University, from comes Hopkins Johns in action, faith these of brethren ready have and of Biology, of School Department and Hygiene their for set successors. a noble pace

indisputable the Public Health, longlooked- and in will of increase the go hands on and work The question. for to the answer study was made The Bishopric, are for the they incoming have men who

is in Pearl, the reported Dr. by and Raymond

in tried service the the of and have Church been 4, issue scholarly, of Science. 1938, This March not has wanting. Bishop Richards found been

is scientific, titled conclusive paper and "Tobacco president, bishop, mission stake served and as ward Smoking and Longevity."Dr. Pearl begins: president; Bishop Ashton has been ward bishop,

stake president, and active member of the general In the customary way of life man has long been habituated

Church Welfare Committee; Bishop Wirthlin liketo the routine usage of various substances and materials

wise has presided over a ward and a stake and has thatexistence.are notTea,physiologicallycoffee, alcohol,necessarytobacco, toopium,his continuedand the

been vigorously associated with the Church Welbetel nut are statistically among the more conspicuous exfare program. All three have filled in addition, amples of such materials. If all six are included together

as a group it is probably safe to say that well over ninety smoke without facing the immediate prospect of a of all habitually useper adult cent beings make human life. just a the time smoking about of shortened But

of the in the materials includedone or more component to preparaof generation reap the rewards is ready considerable substancesgroup. All of of contain them

pharmacologic potency if exhibited in appropriate dosage. tion, and begin the real work of life, it must face

the certain average surety of being cut short in the interested in student primarily of longevity is not The difference the greatest prime, because between discussion. behavioristicthe aspects situation the of under between smokers to be is shown and nonsmokers is to quantitatively, greatest the appraise concernHis with

of forty ages effect theattainable and accuracy, of each of these habitual usages the seventy—the productive years."

.. life. ofupon the duration life. qualified of a man's

And then, by constructing an actuarial table, and And this takes into account only the average a corresponding survivorship graph, Dr. Pearl certainty of an earlier death, to say nothing of the

shows the comparative chances for life of nonenslaving factor, the health differential, and the smokers, moderate smokers, and heavy smokers financial waste while hfe is still upon us.

after thirty years of age, which findings are sumAnd that, briefly, is why I'm not much impressed marized in tenyear periods in the following graph, with your grandfather "who smoked all his life and which shows in thousands the survivorship of lived to be over eighty."R. L. E.

nonusers (solid line); moderate smokers (dash

line ); and heavy smokers ( dot line ) Sinjifinj TyiDihsUiA.

'M'iNE HUNDRED Singing Mothers came from all over the United States tO'the 108th General

Conference to lift their voices in praise and thanksgiving! To the vast congregation assembled in the

worldfamed Tabernacle, there was poignancy and inspiration in that great group of women. Questions that arose in people's minds ran in this vein:

Why did they start singing? Why do they continue singing? What will result from their singing?

A partial answer came from one of the women in the group. Her enthusiasm for the work was

matched only by her eagerness to arouse other mothers to the opportunities which lie in this activity. "I'm going home,"she said, "to help others

get off the shelf."That is one of the great features

of the Singing Mothers'groups: it gives an incentive to reaching for new interests beyond the

home, "sjjhich in turn enliven the home and make for greater happiness. Home work, essential and

satisfying as it is, can be deadening if there is no outside activity to stimulate mothers to keep developing.

The result from the singing of these women cannot be estimated in any of the tokens of exchange common in the everyday world. It can

only be measured in the lift of the heart and the mind, in the quickening of the spirit. But, after

all, why are we interested in obtaining the material

AGE OF SURVIVORS things used as exchange? Is it not to increase our

And then, the Johns Hopkins* researcher conleisure that we may enjoy the things of the mind cludes: spirit? the are perSinging and These Mothers

is clear. In this envisaged, the net conclusion However in culling their wiser they think than haps from statisticallysizeable material of tobacco the smoking was

associated with an impairment of life duration, and the amount busy lives a few hours, given fully and freely to or degree of this impairment increased as the habitual amount complete enjoyment. This enjoyment will in turn

of smoking increased. Here, just as is usually the case in bear its reflected glory in the children's lives in

in studies experience differences sort, the of thisour between the homes. The music of the best composers will in specific rates groups mortalitythe usage... practically

disappear from about age 70 on. This is presumably an become better known to both parents and children;

expression of the residual effect of the heavily selective the words of great writers will be etched in the character of the mortality in the earlier years in the groups memories of children as well as mothers; the faith

(in this case tobacco).damaged by the agent this view On

those individuals in the damaged survive to engendered will become a deep, abiding one, culgroups who 70 or thereabouts are such tough and resistant specimens minating in a singing religion which will indeed that thereafter tobacco does them no further measurable harm add to the statement, "Men are that they may have as a group. [Italics ours.] joy,"for it will give to the mothers of men that

In other words, for every specialcreation grandjoy which will be reflected in their lives and those father you know who smoked, and lived, and liked of their children and grandchildren endlessly. Nine

it, thousands of other men, who were not exceptions hundred Singing Mothers! Nay, let it increase to

to the rule, had their lives cut short. nine thousand—ninety thousands—Singing MothAnd what is true at 70 years and above appears ers. What a force for good throughout the Church

also to be true at 30 years and below. In other and what an opportunity to act as leaven throughwords, youth, because it is youth, may possibly out the world!—M. C. J.

NEW WEST GERMAN The South Summit Stake presidency of the department of physical education,

MISSION HEAD APPOINTED was reorganized with H. Fred Egan as University of Utah, will retire in June,

president. Ralph A. Richards was 1938, from active teaching at that in-

"KJf Douglas Wood, bishop of the sustained as first counselor and Carl stitution. The understanding and foreWasatch Ward, was appointed Winters was sustained as second counsight of this remarkable leader resulted

April 1, 1938, by the First Presidency, selor. President Egan succeeds Zach in the establishment of competitive tryto succeed President Philemon M. Kelly J. Oblad. outs in dramatics. Under her capable

Presiof the Mission. direction, university fortyone plays German West Blanchard H. Dimick was sustained his wife with dent daughter and in consecutive presented been have Wood as of bishop the Garfield

1, will for 1938, near leave FrankWard, years, of the oldest June record unbroken Stake. Oquirrh

furt, the mission. of headquarters in university club the dramatic any

ONE OF ORIGINAL UTAH world.

PIONEERS PASSES Professor Babcock's training was the of gained National from School

TlifRS. Elizabeth Steele Young of Philadelphia, the Oratory and Ly- *-

1, 91, April died Stapley, 1938, of Acting, School which ceum is now in Hurricane, at the Utah, home of a the of American Dramatic Academy daughter, Mrs. Joel Roundy, Since J. City, Arts of both of from New York

first the Mrs. Stapley white was schools she graduated. child which was

born after the Pioneers entered the Since joining the University of Utah

Salt Lake valley, she has always staff, she has studied in Chicago, Lonbeen classed with the Pioneers. don, and Paris. Last year she was acAs a Pioneer, she went with her parcorded the highest honor that can be

ents at the call of President Brigham bestowed by her fellow dramatics disettle Young to Parowan, where she rectors president was elected when she for PHILEMON M. KELLY M. DOUGLAS WOOD remained ten she was years, when Association of of the National Teachmarried to James Stapley, moved to ers of Speech. ( See The Improvement

Elder Wood served previously in Toquerville. In 1866, she and her husEra, March, 1936, for life story.)

the German Mission from 19251927. band moved to Kanarraville, where her Professor Joseph F. Smith, former

He has also been bishop of Wasatch eldest daughter was the first white child instructor at the University of Utah,

Ward for the past two years and prinborn there. who has been doing special work for

cipal the of seminary at South High the at past years the University two PROFESSOR MAUD MAY in Salt as as well School Lake City, institution of Wisconsin, from which RETIRES; BABCOCK

in the teacher Seminary. Granite his will receive this doctor's degree PROFESSOR JOSEPH F. SMITH hespring, appointed of head was the ASSUMES POST

department. Professor SmithORGANIST OF PRIMARY

the of is a General of member BoardASSOCIATION

I. CHOSEN Professor loved founderMaudandMayheadBabcock,of the debe- thespeech A. Y. M. M.

Crances Grant Bennett, daughter partment of speech as well as founder {Concluded on page 302) of President Heber J. Grant, was

as of selected organist the General of the Association PrimaryBoard to EDUCATORS AND CHURCH INSTITUTE LEADERS succeed Mrs. Jane R. Crawford. The {See The Improvement Era, March, 1938, page 185)

appointment was announced by General Superintendent May Anderson on

April 2, 1938.

Mrs. Bennett has been a member

of the Primary General Board since

March, 1935, having served previously for thirteen years as a member of the

Ensign Stake Primary Board. She has

always been an accomplished musician, having studied music at the University of Utah, at Radcliffe College, Cambridge, Massachusetts. She was also

employed as teacher of music at the

University of Utah upon her return from Massachusetts.

Sunday, March 13, 1938 Front row, left to right: Guy C. Wilson, Aaron W. Tracy, Franklin L. West, Franldin S. Harris, Jolin H. The Layton Ward, North Davis Taylor, M. Lynn Bennion, Vernon F. Larsen, Roy A. Welker.

Stake, chapel was dedicated by PresSecond row: H. Alvah Fitzgerald, Milton R. Hunter, W. W. Richards, Anthon S, Cannon, G. Byron Done.

ident Heber J. Grant. Pond, ThirdA. C. row:Lambert,Sth T.GeorgeShaw, H.ElmerHansen.Miller, Hyrum Manwaring, B. F. Cummings, G. Homer Durham, H. Smith

Sunday, March 27, 1938 Fourth row: Spencer L. Taggart, J. Roger Fechser, Oswald Christensen, Wesley P. Lloyd, H. C. Snell,

Joseph Sudweeks. chapel of the The Benson Ward,

Fifth row: Lowell L. Bennion, Thomas C. Romney, Ariel S. Ballif, George S. Tanner, Reuben D. Law, Stake, dedicated PresiCache was by Merrill. N. Amos

dent Heber J, Grant. Sixth row: J. Wyley Sessions, Russel Swensen, T. Edgar Lyon, Daryl Chase, Joseph K. Nichols, Roy A. West.

J)nMe

New Chapters in New Testament scholar to enter into still the same friendly folk and the same

Testament Study other phases of research, in addition locale in Home Grown. Delly has

(Edgar J. Goodspeed, Macmillan to these longstanding interests of his now grown to the magnificent age of

Company, San Francisco, 1937. which reach their fruition in these ten and her experiences are delightfully

223 pages. $2.00. books. M. Lynn Bennion, Seminary told for the benefit of those readers

Supervisor of the Latterday Saint Dewho would like to recapture some of "PXr. Goodspeed's New Chapters axe partment of Education. the neighborly good times of fifty years

the Ayer Lectures delivered in ago. Intensely human and wholesome,

1937 at the Colgate Rochester Divinity Home Grown this book deserves the commendation

School. This book has some interest- (Delia T. Lutes, Little, Brown of all sincere readers because it places

ing chapters dealing with New Testaand Company, 1937. 272 pages. emphasis on the good things of life

ment translation, the justification of it, $1.75.) and helps us all regain a sense of true

values. quiet the sane and humor The inespecially speech, and modern read its 'T'hose Country The who of point delightful reading. view makerelation to the discoveries of manuwill be Lutes Delia Kitchen by serve to revive an The recipes mayscripts for generations which many interested that the uses to author know in interest cooking. C. home M. J. successivelypast provided have new

text. original about theinformation

isParticularly valuable the vigorous 'T'he Spring Anthology of 1937, History(Compiledof underBox Elderthe auspicesCountyof refutation of the that various theory Press, the published Mitre by the Daughters Box Elder County books, the especially Testament Street, 3,New E.C. Mitre Mitre Chambers, Pioneers, of the 1937. 390 pages.

gospels, the translated from were in its included England, London, has $3.25.)

Aramaic. pages three poems written by Anna

Dr. Goodspeed published during the Johnson, an ardent Latterday Saint. 'T'his truly commendable and stusame month a companion book to New The titles of the poems are: "Esther,"pendous undertaking of compiling

Chapters, entitled An Introduction to "The Desert Ranch,"and "The this history deserves not only wholethe New Testament. The vigor, inDancer."The book is a compilation of hearted support but emulation by

genuity, and learning of these two volrepresentative verse from the world's countless other groups of Daughters of umes lead the reader to hope that reliving poets and we are proud that Utah the Pioneers before this early history tirement from active teaching only should be represented by one of the so stirring and so vital be forever lost.

clears the way for this great New Latterday Saints. {Concluded on page 302)

REPORT OF CONDITION OF

UTAH STATE NATIONAL BANK SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

AS OF MARCH 7, 1938 RESOURCES Cash and Due From Banks $10,191,547.73 LIABILITIES

S. Securities U. 4,514,875.00 Demand Deposits..$13,065,217.24

Securities.....,.$ 23,812.50 Railroad

Public Service Securities 38,912.50 Time Deposits 2,392,047.07

Industrial Securities -. 57,000.00

Foreign Securities.-—4,425.26 Total Deposits $15,457,264.31

1.00 Securities Other

...... 500,000.00 140,771.76 Capital Stock, Common 16,620.50 Stocks

Total Cash and Liquid Assets $14,847,194.49 Capital Stock, Preferred...... 250,000.00

Purchased by Our Own Common Loans and Discounts 1,884,464.96 Stockholders

Federal Reserve Bank Stock31,400.00 Surplus 296,000.00

235,949.79 Banking House

22,433.22 258,383.01 Undivided Profits 532,488.04 Furniture and Fixtures.

Other Real Estate 12,225.18

Other Assets 2,084.71 Total Capital Investment.... 1.578.488.04

Total $17,035,752.35 'Total $17,035,752.35

OFFICERS OFFICERS

HEBER J. GRANT President ALVIN C. STRONG Asst. Cashier

ORVAL W, ADAMS Execulive Vice President JOHN W. JAMES Asst. Cashier

RICHARD W. MADSEN Vice President FRED RICH Asst. Cashier

STEPHEN W. M. SMOOTL. RICHARDS - - VicePresidentCashier LANETAYLORW. MERRILLADAMS Asst.Asst. CashierCashier

ALL ASSETS ARE UNPLEDGED MEMBER FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION

These candid camera shots give you glimpses oi KSL's dramatic "greats."At the left, Louise

Hill Howe, director of the KSL Players and the

HSL Radio Playhouse, smiles across a microphone. Top center is Gladys Wagstalf Pinney,

one oi radio's outstanding dramatic script writers, caught in an amusing glance at a manuscript.

Directly below, Josephine M. Goff, KSL "Death

Watch"director. Center right is Fred G. Taylor, Jr., KSL's Sound effects man, and at the bottom of the page is an "on the air"shot of the

KSL Players in action.

DRAMA TAKES THE AIR

KSL, as it has with so many matic organization that provides features of radio, pioneered drama outstanding entertainment. From

by radio many years ago. The KSL script to finished production, every

Players trace continuous weekly single bit of production is comperformances for seven years, and pletely handled by KSL's capable are now heard each Wednesday staff. Fifteen hundred separate

evening from 10:30 to 11 o'clock. sound effects are at constant call.

Gene Halliday directs the music

Equally famed on the air lanes from an unlimited library. Louise

is the KSL Death Watch, written Hill Howe directs the KSL Players for late evening "thrill hunters", and Josephine M. Goff is impresand heard consistently each Frisario for "The Death Watch."

day from 11:0011:30 o'clock.

In the third of this current series

These are the keystone of KSL's of advertisem.ents, KSL proudly

dramatic structure... a raido drapresents its drama department.

CONDUCTED BY MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

FIRST THINGS FIRST of living, we find greater joy every day.

By Alice Carroll Always in obeying the rule of kindness the for less heartpaving we are way in to the Putting Tf we mortals would always put first break the days come.

things first we would be much hapfirst things first, we must learn to make pier. our human relationships constantly

A girl, weeping bitterly said to me, more satisfactory by our thoughtful- "If I had only answered Aunt Lucy's ness.

letter. I was so busy with my school

work, I just put it off for weeks, and now she is dead and I am so sorry."RM'a diDW

his middleago, long man, so a Not kill birds can with You two one daughters son, married aged and two it stonel of the here's how And to tried in comfort vain they aswept Par of that use get Soap and some other. in a were each downtown They pottery afyou've hankering been

store selecting a black silk dress.. "She ter. Each package contains a cup,

talked about it so much,"they said, saucer, or a salad plate. And the

"but times always seemed hard. She outside tells what it is-—and its colnever bought much for herself; why, or—so there's no guesswork about

oh, why, didn't one of us buy her the building that set according to your likes. too, to get the a way, get her this, but before dress we will

larger inside the back There'spieces—see one now."

this of for cover details Era and is rich business man, who a niceA retired set at begin the your time same in this world's goods, on being invited that you get more than your monentertainment, evening's to attend an ey's worth for *good* *Par Soapl to long to "Alas, I used answered:

attend such places, but my work was In the spring a young man's fancy too important. I am too old now. I—yes, and a young woman's, too, if

am too tired to enjoy it. No, I cannot the truth be knownneeds somego-"thing to tone it up. How's for goto the ing Music Daynes Company beautiful you have,"a home "What letting certhat give and them you lately said to a a lady had moved who tain will that song which certain do

returningneighborhood a call. and was If for something can't you? you

"I have to move so much; I think it drop in at their store at 47 South

would be heaven on earth to own such Main, Salt Lake City, put a card in a home as this. It's wonderful—everythe mail, asking about the music

thing so handy."you want. ***** nice lady whose home was The

never out of order burst into tears as Lush strawberries are tempting she replied: "You don't understand; the eye; let them tickle the palate

I would give it all and more for the by using them in this recipe.

print of a little hand on the window FILLING milk IV2C.

I track. orpanes, used a muddy foot

tb. 3 sugar

first, yearsto put housekeeping and tb. 21/2 Globe "Al"Flour

have passed since the morning when 1/2 t. salt

I punished my little son for his muddy 3 egg yolks tracks on my kitchen floor. He never 1/2 t. vanilla

made another. I didn't realize until 2 boxes ripe strawberries

too late that he meant more to me than GLAZE any material thing."1 c. strawberry juice

A young wife said: "I loved Jim so 3/4 c. sugar

dearly, but the last words I spoke to 2 tb. cornstarch

him were angry words. There was an 1 tb. lemon juice

filling: To of the Scald make willaccident; never come home Jim

in boiler. milk double sugar, Mix1 c.again. kind!"only been I had

flour, salt with remaining and milk pitifully, said sobbing to A womanIf slowly and stirring milk, add to hot me: "I did everything I could to make well. Add slightly beaten egg yolks

my mother comfortable, but she asked and cook until thick and smooth, me to play some hymns on the piano. stirring frequently. Add vanilla and

I was so busy I kept thinking I would cool. Pour into a baked pie shell

play for her. One Sunday evening I and fill with 1 box of choice fresh

seated myself at the piano, and began strawberries. Cover with strawberry glaze in place refrigerandto play. called Father me; mother my until ator to serve. ready with Top gone. long.was waited too cream. whipped

oh, for I play her whyI haddidn'tWhy, 1 glaze: Press To make box

when she would have enjoyed it?"washed and hulled strawberriesof

Those persons all failed to put first through sieve to obtain 1 c. strawthings first. berry juice (if necessary, add sufThe Great Teacher said: "Be ye ficient water to make 1 cup.) Mix

kind to one another,"and again it is sugar and cornstarch with strained written: "A soft answer turneth away juice and cook until clear and thick,

stirring constantly. from Removewrath;"so kindness graciousness and

fire, juice, lemon add and when first.are things the first to put

cool over strawberries. pour

little niceties the observe we When

CONDUCTED BY THE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH, CHAIRMAN; MELVIN J. BALLARD, JOHN A. WIDTSOE, AND JOSEPH F. MERRILL

OFFICIAL RESTATEMENT OF MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD ORGANIZATION,

RELATIONSHIPS, DUTIES, FUNCTIONS AND ACTIVITIES

UNDERCounciltheof directionthe Twelve,of andthe ORGANIZATION FOR THE SUPERVISION OF with the approval of the MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS a special meeting First Presidency, for all Stake Melchizedek Priesthood committees was held, as part THE FIRST PRESIDENCY of the April Conference procedure, at 10 a. m. on Tuesday morning,

April 5th, in the Assembly Hall, THE COUNCIL OF TWELVE APOSTLES

President Rudger Clawson presiding, with members of the Melchizedek Priesthood Committee of the THE STAKE PRESIDENCY FIRST COUNCIL OF SEVENTY

Council of the Twelve discussing topics which are summarized here for the permanent record and instruction THE STAKE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE

Composed of a of the member Stake Presidency, not more than Priesthood of all Melchizedek ofthree members High Council, with a representative from or one of of morethe Stakequorums Elders, the ficers Seventies members throughout and and High

Priests.

Church STAKE MELCHIZEDEK OF QUORUMS QUORUMPRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF QUORUMS OF ELDERS PRIESTS HIGH SEVENTY diagrams. ( See accompanying

"Deplies from madePresidentto theClawson'squestionnaireoffice relative to the organization of a stake THE QUORUM PRESIDENCY

Melchizedek Priesthood committee in every stake indicate some misunderstanding relative to this matter. Those The Quorum Secretary

concerned are referred to published information concerning this matter to the following references in The Improve-- merit Eta: December, 1937, p. 768;

3; February, 104; 1938, p. p.January, The The The The RepresentaRepresenta- Personal 168. p. March,and Church Class Misceltive on Stake tive on Ward Welfare Service Instruction laneous clarify further Melchizedek summarize and To Employment Committee Committee Committee Committee Committee, Committee the statefollowing matterthe make we if ony

:ments 1. The stake presidency in every

stake to organize is requested a stake Each group should Ward be represented on each quorum comPriesthood mittee; this Committee.Melchizedek and should member act as chairman of the corresif ponding committee, group is formed. one active of this chairman 2. The committee is to be one of the stake presidency; which one is optional.

3. The other members of the comleast includemittee at must one High QUORUM MEETINGSPriest, Seventy, Elder. one and one

If desired, there may be more than one ofof these orders each of Priesthood THE QUORUM ifin fact, desired, each quorum of

Priesthood in the stake may have a member on the committee. But as an

aid to quorum consciousness each order of the Priesthood is to be represented on the Committee by at least one member.

'Stake Regular Monthly 4. If Weekly desired, there in Committee addition As planned may Priesthood meetings Quorum business for meetings Quorum as Officers threebe councilors high many of for Quorum Meeting class and activiprojects, and Union Presidency if Quorum instructionnot the ties at committee. social asmore—on Meeting of up made meeting regular affairs, etc.

5. this Through the for committee stake Monthly Ward or Quorum intervals

presidency shall give active and thorGroups Ward Groups.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1938

tees are therefore to be regarded as RELATION OF PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS

TO THE CHURCH WELFARE ORGANIZATION tunitiesof great forimportance,service thatprovidingare a challengeopporto the -wisest and ablest brethren in the

THE WARD EMPLOYMENT COMMITTEE stakes who may be called to the committee.

THE CHAIRMAN PARAGRAPHS FROM THE A member of the Ward Bishopric MELCHIZEDEK CONVENTION

Note: Other Convention topics including Quorum Social Events, Quorum

THE MEMBERSHIP Music, and Quorum Funds will be considered in next month's Era.

Irregularities HPhe following irregularities in the present organization and function of the stake Melchizedek Priesthood committees are indicated quesby the member member A A Leader member A sent out of of the ago: the some time the of the Adult of WorkThe Ward tionnaire

High Director Eighteen stakes have committees orQuorumPriests SeventiesQuorum EldersQuorum AaronicPriesthood ganized least at without one represenClass tative from the quorums of Seventy or from the quorums of Elders or both.

ough supervision to all the Melchizedek projects, etc. Obviously each of these According to the instructions in the

Priesthood quorums in the stake. departments shall have one or more December number of the Eta, page 768,

6. This committee shall keep in close leaders who shall be members of the and the January number, page 38, there

touch with the work of all the MelCommittee. should be at least one representative

chizedek Priesthood groups and quo10. It shall be the duty of the Comon the committee from each of the ofrums in the stake. mittee to keep in close touch with the fices in the Melchizedek Priesthood

7. Supervision of the quorums of meetings and activities of all the groups High Priests, Seventies, Elders.

Seventy shall be made on behalf of and quorums. To this end more or Some stakes have named a member

the Committee by its chairman and less frequent visits to the meetings, etc., of the presidency as chairman of the

the Seventy or Seventies that are memwill be necessary. committee, but the active responsibilbers of the committee. 1 1 The Stake Committee may not ity of leadership has been turned over

8. It shall be the duty of this comwisely be larger than is necessary to to a member of the high council or a

mittee to hold joint monthly union attain all these ends. The Committee High Priest. This is contrary to inmeetings with the officers of all the should hold frequent structions. meetings—posthat it may get Other stakes would like to have thequorums. (In a few widely scattered sibly weekly—in order

stakes quarterly union meetings only and keep in hand all the things necescommittee made up entirely of high may be all that wisdom would indicate sary to do to bring all the quorums to councilmen. That defeats the whole

should be held. These are special cases a high degree of activity. Memberpurpose of the committee. This is not

and relative correspondence therefore to them is ship should on the Committee a high council is a committee—itinvited by the Council humility, to duty, of Twelve condevotion Commean Priesthood quorum committee. Theremittee. ) viction of the great opportunity of the fore, not more than three high council-

9. As to what these union meetings position to render a much needed sermen should be on the committee.

shall do and how they are to be convice, and freedom to give considerable The program provided by the Auducted we suggest that stake Sunday time to the job. thorities of the Church should be folSchool furnish Unions 12. the answer. Authorities General must The If lowed. not it does please us, we stakeThe Priesthood committee these stake to and rely committees upon in can write the authorities and let

the officers of all the Melchizedek bring new life and activity into the know. They will be sympathetic, and

Priesthood quorums meet in joint asPriesthood quorums. These commit- a good suggestion will be considered.

sembly, attend to common business, Eight stakes have not replied to and then separate into three departMELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE President Clawson's questionnaire of

Priests, Seventies, TWELVE, TO OF LEFT COUNCIL THE RIGHT: and 29th,ments—High January even though postal a SMITH, JOSEPH FIELDING CHAIRMAN; MELViN the consideration of quoElders—for card sent out was J. 10th a BALLARD, March A. WIDTSOE, and JOHN AND JOSEPH

business,rum reports, F. study course, Desevet Courtesy MERRILL. News. letter 31st for asking March rethe

turn of the questionnaires. That is not

right. Two copies of the quarterly report must be secured by the committee from each quorum, and one copy

sent to President Clawson's office without delay at the end of each calendar

Quarter. Joseph Fielding Smith.

Quorum Reports As far as reports are concerned, members of the Council of the Twelve visit the stakes once every six months, to conduct a Priesthood conference.

The first conference session is devoted to an inspection of quorum reports.

The presidents of High Priests, Seventies, and Elders are given the chance to report concerning their stewardship.

Quorum officers carry a definite responsibility, and should make reports.

The quorum presidents have been ask295

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1938

ed to stand and answer the questions struction committee, for example, might up of a member of the stake Melchizput by the quarterly report. This has have a project to discover material edek Priesthood committee, also a High

sometimes been embarrassing, because bearing upon the study course, to make Priest, a Seventy, an Elder, and one the quorums have not done much; or the instruction more instructive and each from the following stake boards:

because it has been more or less monotinteresting. The Church service comEducation, Relief Society, Sunday

onous to have them say "No,""No,"mittee could have several definite projSchool, Y. M. M. I. A., Y. W. M. I. A.,

"No,"to so many questions. The methects. The antialcohol and tobacco and Primary. If thought necessary,

od was started to emphasize the recampaign in the Church today is a one or more additional members might sponsibility resting upon quorum presiproper project for the quorum as a be appointed.

dents. whole and also for the Church service Naturally, this campaign committee

Now another step will be tried. The committee, and there may be other should work under the general direction

Council of Twelve will compile the projects of the kind thought out by the of the stake Melchizedek Priesthood reports sent out from President Clawcommittee. The personal welfare comcommittee. But it should also be an

son's office. The representative of the mittee has any number of opportuniaim of the campaign committee to keep

Council of the Twelve who comes to ties to set up committee projects. Helpin touch with, and maintain the cothe stake, will have this compiled reing the needy in the quorum, finding operation of, all the groups and boards

port in his hands, and will summarize employment for them, and all questions represented in its membership. The

it, giving the quorum credit for its acthat arise in connection with personal various members should therefore keep tivity. Quorum presidents should, howwelfare would lead to worthwhile their respective organizations informed

ever, sit on the stand and assist as may projects. of committee actions.

be desired. If the report has not been We have in mind particularly projFurther, the stake Priesthood comsent in, the quorum president must stand ects in which the whole quorum is enmittee should promote the organization

up and give the report. gaged, projects in which all the comin each ward by the bishopric of a local

If we will take interest in the work mittees and members take part. Such committee on the pattern of the stake

we can get these quorum reports and projects are undertaken for general committee, that shall represent the have them as correct as possible. You quorum purposes. Any quorum need or Priesthood, auxiliaries, *and memberare the shepherds of the flock; and it desire may be set up as a quorum projship of the ward. This local committee

is important, as presidents of the quoect. Such quorum projects, furnish opshould operate under the general dirums, that you look after the men who portunities by which all members of the rection of and in harmony with the

are placed under your jurisdiction to quorum by being together, and workstake campaign committee, and in cosee that they live up to their professions, ing and building together, establish operation with the bishopric, Priest-—Melvinthat they J.mayBallard.magnify their calUngs. moreof brotherhoodcompletely whichthe feelingshouldand bespiritat hoodchizedekquorumsand Aaronic,and groups,in thebothwardMeland

the bottom of all Priesthood activities. the auxiliary organizations.

Priesthood Responsibility For that reason projects which do not The organization of these campaign 'T'his convention represents an inlend themselves to cooperative action committees, both stake and ward, is creasing movement in behalf of the are not the best quorum projects. strongly recommended as a means of

Priesthood activities of the Church. Projects should be chosen that bring securing harmony, completeness, and

The idea back of the movement, is to all members of the quorum together, effectiveness in the antiliquor campreserve and develop quorum conif possible, in one concerted effort to paign. We urge that these committees sciousness and activity as never before. achieve a common goal. We should be set up without delay, that planning

It was intended by the Lord that the foster the brotherhood spirit through for the campaign may soon begin.

quorums of the Priesthood should our quorum activities and projects. The general Church committee at

function for the upbuilding of the John A. Widtsoe. Salt Lake will from time to time send

Church. With the increasing responsuggestions and material. Let it be sibilities placed upon the Church as ORGANIZING FOR THE ANTIunderstood, however, that the fundait increases in numbers and spreads LIQUORTOBACCO CAMPAIGN mental method of the campaign, apover the earth, it becomes more and Tt is hoped that the officers of every proved by the General Authorities, is

more important that the quorums of Stake Priesthood Committee read very similar to that of our missionary the Priesthood bear their share of the attentively what the April Era, p. 232, work, both at home and abroad—that

burden in carrying forward the Lord's had to say relative to the organization of personal contact. Hence the comlatter-day work. of stake and ward anti liquortobacco mittees should plan to have all Church

committees. It is requested that every members contacted and suitably laQuorum Projects stake Melchizedek Priesthood combored with as follows:

Some may say that as we do the remittee, cooperating with the stake 1. Priesthood members, as a rule,

quired work of the Church: ward Aaronic Priesthood authorities, if it has through their quorums. Every quorum

teaching, meeting attendance, payment not yet done so, take immediate steps is to be responsible for its own memof tithing, keeping of the Word of to organize these committees along the bers. Where it is necessary and wise,

Wisdom, we are sufficiently active in lines indicated in the Era article. quorum officers may ask for and rethe matters required of members of In this connection let it be rememceive help outside of the quorum.

the Church. Of course, such activities bered that the First Presidency has 2. Women, young people, children,

are properly drawn from quorum acplaced upon the Priesthood of the etc., are to be contacted by auxiliary

tivities; but there are specific activiChurch the responsibility of organizing and special workers.

ties concerned primarily with the quoand directing the antiliquor-tobacco The local committees should arrange rum as a whole, over, above and becampaign. And of course the direction for the canvass of all members of the

yond the ordinary requirements made and supervision in each stake must be ward in group 2. As a rule, and as in

of every faithful Latterday Saint. done by the stake Priesthood commissionary work, canvassers should

Every quorum should engage its memmittees, Melchizedek and Aaronic. work in pairs.

bers in some type of activity leading Now in order that this work may be Now, the immediate thing to do is to a definite quorum goal to supplecarefully supervised and well done, the to organize and plan the campaign, ment the regular work required of all Priesthood committees must have help. secure the convassers and make the

faithful Latterday Saints. That is the Hence it is advised that the stake assignments. A report form will shortly

meaning of a quorum project. Priesthood committees, Melchizedek be sent out to every stake committee

There are two varieties of projects and Aaronic, act jointly and appoint a asking for information relative to these within a quorum. Each of the four stake campaign committee after the patmatters. Joseph F. Merrill.

committees which should be found in tern of the general Church committee, (Continued on page 297) every Priesthood quorum, may have its as outlined in the April Era, p. 232. (See also page 288—"The Fable of the

own committee project. The class inThen the committee would be made Old Man Who Smoked.")

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1938

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS. said that if the quorum have decided the Ward Welfare Committee—on the

AT THE CONVENTION to assist a worthy quorum member socalled "yellow sheets."

I quite into a the run consult bishop with Question: they should have

: should the quorumsQUESTION How the his little membership out before it to find they do among what comment

their finances: the within handle

is. to like the approach not that they do program

in or banks?quorums I if any wonder liquor problem. the Schools Question: Sunday The

Brother Widtsoe: Quorum funds have definitely embarked on a program literature can be had bearing directly

locally depositedshould be in some best will the reason auxiliary that thought, the each safe whereby a on make in the of the quorum.bank, name is its there that definite using liquor is no of for survey membership. not

: desire Since Question a report you reason. applied not survey be Could that same good

from each quorum filed with the Stake here rather than to make a separate Brother Merrill: Special pamphlets

Melchizedek Priesthood committee, survey? will be issued covering such features,

are special blanks provided for this Brother Ballard: Use it if already appealing to the Priesthood by all scienpurpose? Also are blanks provided for made. The quorum surveys might tific evidences we can offer in addition

the stake committee to report to the well be based on the surveys made by to the word of the Lord.

Priesthood Committee of the Council of Twelve?

Brother Ballard: Yes, report blanks

may be had from the Stake MelchizCan Alcohol Cause Ulcer and Cancer of Stomach?

edek Priesthood Committee for Ward [Concluded from page 260) groups and quorums. These when and surrounded by marked inflammato the large number of cancer patients

filled out should be sent to the Stake tion. going to these clinics for treatment.

Melchizedek Priesthood Committee for These variations in the relationship Nevertheless it demonstrates the relcompilation, and delivery to the Priestof the ulcers are very significant when ative frequency and importance of hood Committee of the Twelve. These it is pointed out that the German peocancer of the stomach. Some patholblanks may be obtained from Presiple drink large amounts of alcohol. ogists maintain that the percentage of

dent Clawson's office. The question then arises, what has alcancer developing from previous ulcer

Question: The reports, I undercohol to do with this variation in the of the stomach is small while other

stood you to say, should be made ulcers? pathologists maintain that all ulcers of

quarterly? Relative to this, one of the foremost the stomach are potentially cancer and

Brother Ballard: Yes, quarterly resurgeons in America stated that the use that every ulcer of the stomach as large

ports are expected. of alcohol in Germany was the most as a twentyfive cent piece is cancer.

Question: Should the Stake Melprobable cause for the variation. This Most pathologists are in agreement that

chizedek Priesthood Committee replace assumption is most plausible when one cancer results from chronic irritation the present High Council Priesthood recalls that the postmortem examinaand inflammations.

Committee or should it be a part of tion of stomachs taken from people Alcohol produces in the stomach the present High Council Committee? dying from alcoholism shows a similar chronic irritation with ulceration,

Also should the Stake Priesthood Comcondition to the ulcers described in chronic inflammation with chronic mittee include the presidents or selectGermany, namely, multiple ulcers of gastritis, or chronic catarrh of the ed members of the quorums of High the stomach surrounded by large areas stomach. In this latter condition

Priests, Seventies, and Elders? of inflammation. the chronic inflammation causes an

Brother Ballard: When your Stake The exact cause of peptic ulcer is not atrophy or thinning out of the lining

Melchizedek Priesthood Committee inknown, but according to Dr. John B. of the stomach to take place with decludes representatives of the Priesthood Deaver "acidity is probably the most struction of the glands contained in

quorums of the Stake, or at least a essential factor in the causation of it which secrete the acid and pepsin.

High Priest, a Seventy, and an Elder, ulcer,"and Dr. Frank H. Lahey says Cancer is found in this condition in

there would be no objection to having that "hyperacidity is one of the certain ten to fifteen per cent of the cases.

not more than three members of the fairly constant features associated with With the repeal of the Eighteenth high council associated with the mempeptic ulcer."Amendment and the return of alcohol

,. at stands of the presidencyber there are in future the going 1 who America,

ail AlcoholAii j,produces oversecretion ofc to of committee.the the fof *hothe conditions.if,-c There head...seen,to ctr.Jstomach ube hydrochloric acid or hyperacidity and the of in then need similar to be reported those Gerno furtherwould more therefore play a can most importantpresent Committee. Council percentage greater of namely, High The a many, role in the of production ulcers of the in fact in Stake a committee past, the becomes in the than ulcers stomachnew stomach. Board. SupervisoryPriesthood chronic cases of with greater number We

would like to have on the committee In the leading clinics of America catarrh of the stomach and more cases the presidents of the quorums of High where great numbers of patients are of cancer of the stomach.

Priests, Seventies, and Elders in the seen suffering with stomach trouble The Latterday Saints should realize stake, but, if a quorum desires that there are seen four cancers of the that God has given to them one means one of the counselors act it is all right, stomach to one ulcer of the stomach. of helping prevent this condition—obor if thought best a member of the This condition is undoubtedly due servance of the Word of Wisdom.

quorum may be selected for this post.

Question: Two report blanks have

been sent out: the old blank, then this MELCHIZEDEK OUTLINE OF STUDY FOR JUNE

new quarterly report. Text: The Word of Wisdom—A Modern Interpretation, by John A.

Brother Ballard: Use the new ones; Widtsoe and Leah D. Widtsoe.

they are slightly different, and displace the old ones.

4. Mineral shortage and stunted LESSON XV

Question: It was said by Brother growth. Ground""Out of the

Widtsoe that before we give help to (Latter Part of Chapter 9) 5. Influence of mineral shortage on

a member of a quorum his case should I. Mineral Shortage in Diet. human as well as animal reproducbe referred to the bishop. Should it 1. If any one of the necessary mintion.

not be referred to the ward welfare erals in food be absent for a time 6. The minerals most lacking in soils

all of dies: present U. S. A. the must be body as a whole rather than justcommittee

soils. 7. lack mineral assimilated. of Utah The in a form to bethe bishop? diet 8. Relation mineral and nervous shortage. between of dangers 2. The

Brother Ballard: That is on the 3. The disease caused by lack of each collapse."

question of security. Brother Widtsoe wellknown mineral. II. Minerals and Psychological Attitudes.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1938 1. Effect of calcium shortage on 3. Composition depends upon nature 1. A concentrated fuel food.

nerves. of plant and upon composition of 2. Value of fat in dietary.

2. Dr. Timmi's experiment. soil and method of cultivation. 3. The balance of fat with starch and

3. Effects of mineral shortage on the 4. Composition of vegetables. sugar.

glands and nerves of the body. 5. Composition of fruits. 4. Disadvantages of fat in digestion.

4. Possible relation between incomII. The Provident Earth. 5. Danger of fried foods.

plete mineral content of foods and 1. Each edible fruit and vegetable VII. Vegetarianism is Possible,

juvenile delinquency and criminal contains some necessary elements. 1. Vegetables contain all food classes,

tendencies. 2. Man's body uses these substances but apt to lead to imperfect nu-

5. Effect of a shortage of mineral as bricks in a wall. trition unless milk, eggs, and

food on the "disposition."3. All varieties and classes of food cheese are used wisely therewith,

III. Source of Food Minerals. are necessary for complete well- 2. Can maintain life, but not at its

1. The earth's crust. being. best.

2. Factors which influence the con- 4. Children should learn to like all 3. Great wisdom necessary in choice

tent of the soil. kinds of good food. of food.

3. The soil conditions the mineral 5. Parents must set the example: ex- 4. The best food for hot climates or

content of crops grown thereon. elude no good food. All fill some warm weather.

4. Study of the table on page 118. body need. VIII. The Word of Wisdom Again Vin-

5. The bestknown foods and their III. Food Customs Developed. dicated.

mineral constituents. 1. Cereals and grains, vegetables and

IV. Mineral Requirements in the Diet. fruit should form the bulk of man's Questions, Problems, Projects.

1. The daily supply. dietary. 1. Study carefuly the table of vegetable

2. Minerals most lacking. 2. Vegetables and fruits from other composition given on p. 127. What lessons

3. Iodine in food supply of "Great countries are desirable for variety. do you draw therefrom?

Basin."3. Rutabagas, kohlrabi, avocados, 2. List the number of vegetables used

4. Meeting the iodine shortage. and many other little used vegein your family for one week. Why should

5. Teeth as an index of correct feedtables are valuable. all kinds of vegetables be used frequently

ing, especially of mineral supply. 4. Lack of variety and quantity of either cooked or as salad?

6. The mother's responsibility to the fresh foods a contributary cause 3. How should vegetables be prepared

unborn babe and the child of tenof many plagues of the past. and cooked to preserve all possible mineral

der years. IV. Cooking of Vegetables. content.

V. Acidalkaline body reactions. 1. Minerals are soluble in water, 4. Why is it healthful to have plenty of

1. Definition of acid food; alkali or hence vegetables should not be natural nonirritating fibre or roughage in

baseforming. peeled and soaked. the daily food? Why is a food that is

2. Foods which are acidforming. 2. Cooked the waterless way; or else "perfectly digested"or predigested not al-

3. Foods with a baseforming residue. all vegetable water used in soups ways best for the normal person?

4. Danger from eating too many or sauces. 5. Explain the function of fat in the hufoods from either class. 3. No salt used until nearly done. man diet. Why must it be balanced with

5. Acidtasting fruits not always acid- 4. Uncooked salad vegetables for starchy foods.

forming: citrus fruits basic in residaily use. 6. How may the eating of too much fat

due. 5. Description of wellcooked vegebecome a menace to health? What fats

6. The danger of acidosis from an untables. should be given preference? Why are fried

balanced diet. V. Bulk in Food Necessary For Good foods indigestible?

7. Alkalosis must also be avoided. Nutrition. 7. Why is it possible to live on a strictly

VI, Intelliaence in Food Selection. 1. Roughage or indigestible fibre vegetarian diet? For the greatest health

1. Devitalized foods for commercial requisite for bowel health. and vigor what precautions must be taken?

gain often acidforming. 2. Fibre must be bland and nonirri- 8. Define the term "All wholesome herbs"

2. Foods grown by mother nature tating. and tell how this instruction from the Prophare best for all round healthful diet. 3. Should come from natural food. et over one hundred years ago marks him

Questions, Problems, and Projects. VI. Fat in the Diet. as truly inspired.

1. Explain Figure 10, p. 117, and the.

leadingcauses to the L. D. MISSIONS REPORT S. STAKE OF difference in size and MONTHLY THE to Council Apostles the Seventy skeletons. Made by The First Council ofshape of The of the Twelve the two

February, 1938 For the Month of children of oriental parents 2. The who Activities February February Missionary

in this bornwere are and reared country 1937 1938 said to be several inches taller than their 1. Evenings or part days spent in missionary work 9,108 4,569

2. spent in missionary 11,368 Hours work...22,817parents. this fact be explained? may How

calls of 9,141 18,237 Number made 3. Explain Dr. Timmi's experiments first with 4. of invitations in 7,646 3,872 3. Number

children deprived of calcium. Undoubtedly 5. Number of revisits 5,993 2,203

6. of conversations Gospel 18,367 8,952 Number childrenthe described a diet dewere on

7. of standard Number Church works distributed (does not include Books of Mormonficient respects. in other results the Yet reported under item 10) 480 266 No.

striking, inare respects? what 8. of other distributed books 158 Number 475

tracts of distributed 9. Number pamphlets 21,339 9,470 and 4. Tell foods should what be eaten to 10. of actually Copies of 151 Book sold 452 Mormonincrease iron of the content body. 11. hall of 127 meetings held missionaries 312 Number by

5. are calcium foods so important 12. of Whythe cottage held Number meetings 466 1,075 missionaries by

13. of cottage missionaries hall 1,858in diet? 3,203 attended meetings Number the who and they be obtained? Where may

14. of investigators at hall 1,743 cottage present Number 5,419 meetings and 6. is connection there minbetween What

15. result of baptisms of as missionary 98 a 157 Number workeral foods and mental development? How years of over 15 age 66 (1) Of people

may criminal tendencies often be traced to (2) Of people under 15 years of age:

a. of are Both parents whose 38 members deficienciesdecided of the

b. years of Others 15 under 39 age does acidosis mean? 7. What diet? Why is Classification 14 designated not

it as harmful to have too many alkaliform- 16. Number of inactive members of Church brought into activity through stake missionary

ing as acidforming foods in the diet? service during the month 685 261

8. What is the condition of the soils of Additional Information

of stakes 118 121 Number in the Churchyour locality as regards proper crop proof stake 112 missions 118 Number organizedduction.

Engaged Missionaries Actively 9. If possible a give of summary

of stakes reporting 110 72 the Numberarticle the from print- "Health Ground Up"districts of 389 262 Number ed in the Reader's Digest of January, 1937. Elders 265 210

LESSON XVI SeventiesHigh Priests 1,381304 764151

All Wholesome Herbs Women 321 177 (Chapter 10) Total 7271 1,302 1. Fruits and Vegetables as Food. Items of Special Interest

presiInterviews in office stake mission held the were stake presidents of the First Council 15 with and 1. Definition of "herb"a as used

dents during of the February. month century ago. in Visits connection Council of the First to 24 stakes stake missionary with members by were made work

all 2. necessary Contain food during groups. the of month February.

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC—EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

QUORUM AWARDS TO PRIESTS, TEACHERS, DEACONS AtenceTHEtherecentChurchCacheStandardStake QuorumConferawards for 1937 were presented to each one of the Priests', Teachers', and

Deacons'quorums of the Logan Tenth

Ward.

The activities of the three quorums were directed by Bishop Albert Webber, and his counselors, W, H. Bell and

C. F. Datwyler, assisted by Supervisors Otto Lundberg, F. M. Zimmerman, Don Kirkham, and H. P. Croft.

President W. M. Everton has charge

of the Aaronic Priesthood activities of the Cache Stake.

Those in the picture are as follows:

Front row, left to right: Glen Datwyler,

William Hodgson, Ted Smith, Jack Hailstone, Spencer Hill, Harold Bell, Wesley

Glauser, George Jaggi, Sylvan Haltinner,

Blaine Carlson, Don Steffenhagen, Dale

Webber.

Second row: President Alma Sonne,

Bishop Albert Webber, Moroni Schwab,

Jack Rust, Glen Groll, Ross Weaver, Archie

McNiel, Junior Wistisen, Donald James,

Marvin Steffenhagen, Henry James, Wesley Hill, Elder Stephen L. Richards of the

Council of Twelve, and President Joseph

E. Cardon.

Third row: Franklin Richards, Cache

stake clerk, Elmer Krambule, Raymond

Mallory, Floyd Stettler, Nephi Schwab, TOP: AARONIC PRIESTLEADERS HOOD AND Stet- P. Croft, Webber, Fred DeanHyrum

LOGAN TENTH OF Schwartz, Benjamin Webber,tler, AlMar STAKE, WARD, CACHE

Otto Lundberg, Robert Pinney, and Grant HAVE WON THE

Jenkins. STANDARD QUORUM

Fourth row: Arnold Lehman, Don KirkAWARD.

William Madsen, Clair Reid, Robertham,

Reid, Schwab, WendellBell, Alma Fred CENTER:QUORUM, MESATEACHERS'FIRST

Datwyler, Chester Lundberg, Dean Nelson, WARD, MARICOPA

STAKE, SPONSORS OFFrank PROJSchaub, Ervin Hammond, Dr. Robert EDUCATIONALJ. Evans. TO USE ECT REDUCE

THE ANNIVERSARY OF THE OF LIQUOR.

CLARKSTON BOTTOM:

SMITHFIELDRESTORATION OF THE WARD,AARONIC PRIESTHOOD STAKE TEACHERS'r\N May 15, 1829, on the banks of QUORUM:

the Susquehanna River, in Pennsylvania, John the Baptist, the last person to hold the keys of the Aaronic supervisors and officers of all Aaronic members of the Aaronic Priesthood

Priesthood in the dispensation of the Priesthood quorums in the ward should should be reminded of the date and meridian of time, the dispensation in meet with the bishopric to discuss requested to cooperate.

which the Savior lived, restored that plans. The three special events planned for

Priesthood to the earth by conferring It should be learned whether or not the celebration of the One Hundred it upon Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowthe stake Aaronic Priesthood committee Ninth Anniversary of the Restoration dery. will sponsor a general celebration on are:

The anniversary of the date upon Saturday, May 14, the day designated 1. The Annual Aaronic Priesthood

which this Priesthood was restored is for Aaronic Priesthood pilgrimages. If Pilgrimage on Saturday, May 14.

one of the most important in all Church that is to be done, each quorum should 2. The Anniversary Quorum Meethistory. To members of the Aaronic make preliminary plans to participate. ing on Sunday morning (or, if held at

Priesthood it is particularly important. The date should be carefully noted and some other time, on the date specified.)

Its celebration each year has now beall who can should prepare to be free 3. T h e Anniversary Sacrament

come an established custom throughon that day in order that it may be meeting in all wards and branches on out the Church. devoted to this important occasion. Sunday evening. May 15, at which

This year it is hoped and expected Members of each quorum should be time the entire program is to be furthat every quorum in the Church will encouraged to study the history of the nished by members of the Aaronic plan for and participate in this imPriesthood, the circumstances attendPriesthood, under the direction of the portant celebration. One meeting ing the Restoration, and the progress of bishopric, the presidency of the Aaronic

should be devoted to a consideration the Priesthood since that time. Priesthood in the ward.

of plans for the anniversary celebraScout, Explorer, and M Men leaders The Annual Pilgrimage: The restion. In advance of the meetings, the and others programing events involving toration of the Aaronic Priesthood oc299

..

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1938 curred when Joseph Smith and Oliver 9. Remarks—Member of Stake Presidency. Members in a Modern World. By a Cowdery, who were engaged in the 10. Benediction—By a Deacon. Priest.

1 1 \vith participa- 8. Indian the of Ceremony, Aaronic Every Member An Why translation of of the Book Mormon,

if tion available. Lamanites, the of Priesthood Should by Book Read referring to a passage upon came bapetc. contests, hikes, a Teacher. Games, Mormon. By

tism. of Desiring to the more know 9. of Story. a DeaBook By Mormon A it to desirable is possible and When this of purpose ordinance the auand con, it is service, suggested evening an its for thority rehold performance, they the Priesthood. to Tribute By My it a 10. that a campfire with be around Priestof the tired the Aaronic to the Adult the Member banks of woods on

Susquehanna River and prayed for program of community songs, Indian hood.

stories the from and of 11. Book of the chairman Remarks. By Ward light It further knowledge. and was stories,

All stories of Priesthood. should be an Mormon. that the then Baptist John appeared

12. the Bishop. Remarks. By in the of ocnature appropriate view unto conferred them and upon them 13. theSinging—"ShallAaronic the Youth of Zion casion. the Priesthood. Aaronic Falter?'"

The Book of Mormon is a record of Aaronic Priesthood Day 14. Benediction. By a Deacon.

the Lamanites, the ancestors of the Sunday, May 15, is the One HunNote: It is suggested that a Priest

.American Indians. Therefore, there is dred Ninth Anniversary of the restorawith two assistants be selected by the

a close connection between the Lation of the Aaronic Priesthood. The bishop to'conduct the service. Presimanites, the translation of whose recSacrament Meeting on that day is to dents of all Aaronic Priesthood Quoord led to the restoration of the Priestbe conducted by members of the rums and their supervisors should sit

hood and the beginning of our work in Aaronic Priesthood, under the direction on the stand.

the Church. For this reason, it is of the bishopric. The suggested proEvery possible effort should be made

planned that the theme of the pilgrimgram is as follows: to secure the attendance of every memthisages year shall be Lamanites.""The holding the Aaronic in the ward Singing—"We Thank Thee, O God, for ber It is site that suggested the or place 1. a Prophet."for Priesthood. Preparations the serchosen for either stake or ward pil- 2. Prayer—By a Teacher. vice and missionary work to secure the grimages (stake pilgrimages being 3. Singing—Aaronic Priesthood chorus or desired attendance should be made well

quartet. possible,xecommended or whenever in advance.

4. PriestRemarks, Aaronic Opening "The a stakes) of even group asshould be for this service Sacrament meetThe Priest. a hood sociated closely Anniversary."—By with (InLamanite ing impressive should posmost be the 5. Brief of the Restoration. Account A history. villages, dian) Indian battlesible. detail given should be Every Teacher. a

trails, grounds, or grounds with camp attention. 6. careful Foundation."Firm a BySinging—"How

some known historical background are 7. A Challenge to Aaronic Priesthood (Concluded on page 301)

suggested. Where members of the Lamanite race can to be secured parTHE WORD OF WISDOM REVIEW ticipate in the program, it will add much

interest. A Monthly Presentation of Pertinent Information Regarding the

A suggested program for the pilLord's Law of Health grimage is as follows:

the of Where entire day Saturday, May or anything else. But absolutely no BEER"SAYS ing, "NOT EVEN 14, to this can be devoted pilgrimage, alcohol."... PRINCETON this FAMOUS is desirable.

The site should be visited in advance, COACH For the young person who wants to feasible, to perfection, there to where plan the must through come program prop- I insist that COURSE, boys **/F my

I Crisler handicaps. asked be no Crisler drink,"Fritz not do should luncheon for be planned either erly.A it. fellows think that about you "Do in visited the told together as me we individual, an on or quorum, basis. ward.. really acplaces to plan go who

If is training time Clubhouse, headquarin available the Osborn forenoon, after.. aren't things complish but who.

it reaching the place, designated ters could for the Tiger be 1936 Squad. He to the football follow players,. ought profitably in spent presentation of a the so student a have graduate might been of rule coach's drinking?""Well,"no history of the interesting place inciand did seem. could he pose young He said, his to innate it. coming he modesty dents connected with itself, spirit slim, this for of the youth

is the In for scienafternoon fore, a "that's service the the subject a suggested cleareyed has young man who will impresswhich the I upon of healthy, minds tist. only layman. I'm a say But

success: of already achieved so much the following:members life this: in are conditions wherever

1 in of 922; graduate University a. Chicago reasons The Aaronic Priesthood why I like football, in anything those have

in football interested should end, basketballmembers captain the be and Lain hesitation saying there should be nomanites. pitcher; for guard, selected baseball drinking."no b. translation the of record of the How football AllConfer- AllAmerican and

I liked the answered. he had way ledLamanites to the restoration the of teams, basketball ence and AllWestern inference are those was, "Let Priesthood.Aaronic The who asof medal; Conference winner and c. of the importance field of in there, The experts speak Book another Morsistant to grand Stagg, Alonzo Amos to every of themon member Church. I I in football. speak expert an can am football, old at of UniChicago man This be accomplished through may that."confidence with about Coach

football versity to 1930; 1822 from followingthe program: I Crisler authorithe both and knew 1930of coach, University Minnesota, Singing Angel on High."'An L From drinking tative against youthful word

31; coach, University Princeton head (This all should rehearsed be by quoDr. Emerson. from Haven

at time. the present ) in rums advance at Fritz looking Certainly one no

2. Prayer. Priest. a By Crisler's present past immediately and Coach Knows Men Who 3. the Singing group, a chorus, or A (By

I his his as I ability asked, of record thought as a football can record deny quartet) All Sons "Come of God."Ye

it, is isn't "It true, that of the eleven coach. your Last year the Tiger men 4. of Pilpurpose Priesthood Aaronic The

grimages, by the Stake Chairman of squad cannot drink while in training?"went undefeated, playing teams like

Aaronic Priesthood. Harvard, Yale, Dartmouth, Navy, and

5. Events Leading to the Restoration of His eyes twinkled as he replied, Cornell....

the Aaronic Priesthood—By a Teacher. "That's right. Not even beer. And I decided, "What's good enough for

6. Reading of the Hymn "O, Stop and I'll tell you why. I think drinking will Fritz Crisler's football heroes ought to

S. Tell Me, Red Man"(L. D. Hymn fill for for all impossible to a young a be enough and make it good men man a Priest. Book)—By field, his place asthe accomplish are young overcoming on women who 7. or InstruMusical Selection—Vocal all sorts signment. to of lines obstacles the boys, I preach... bucking and mental.

... carrying the ball. No drinking!"8. A Book of Mormon Story—By a Deawhile they are under my care, demand con. moderation in all thingseating, work- -—By Earl Kernahan in Allied Youth.

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC—EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

studied by each pair of Teachers, a

WARD TEACHER'S MESSAGE, JUNE, 1938 wardcontainingbulletina scheduleis passed ofto thethe Teachers,events of inforin and other the ward, month THE CHURCH SECURITY PROGRAM the to carried desire bishopric the mation 'T'he divinely inspired Church Security Program, which has hkewise been the members of the ward.

called the Church Welfare Program, has been in operation for two Results from this plan are reported years. Great progress has been made—more than expected—in the time by Bishop Brower to be outstanding.

since Whenit was theundertaken.program was announced at the General Conference in WARDSPLENDIDTEACHINGGAINS SHOWS

April, 1936, President Grant said: pxCELLENT records in Ward TeachWe must put into our people the spirit of independence and work... We ing for the year 1937 are indicated

must formulate a PLAN whereby every member of the Church will be made selfby the annual reports which have just supporting... This is one of the greatest and most important things the Church been audited in the office of the Prehas ever undertaken, and it will be put over because we have the power and siding Bishopric. Two stakes, Frankability to do it. lin and Oneida, neighbors in the North

Three important objectives were named; end of Cache Valley, have reported

the of of 12 for each the months 100% 1. fall Sufficient food, clothing, fuel to to be and were assembled by recwith unusual stakes care year. Other

for all those in need. follows: as are ords

2. to find to unemployed helped were employment. be The

in every month Lake, Bear 100% effort 3. to their help subsisting to raise those barely was to be made An

standard of living. but April, which was 99%; Los Angeles Stake, 100% for each month exThe program was planned to help all the people of the Church to cept November; Juarez Stake, 100%

help themselves by stimulating collective effort and cooperative action. for the year with the exception of

At the October Conference, 1936, only six months after the program three months; Long Beach Stake

had been announced, the first objective had been achieved. This part of reached 100% in six months of the

the program has continued with great enthusiasm, and at the April Contwelve, and Big Horn, in four months;

ference, this year it was reported that the Church had not only taken care Star Valley had 100% in March and of the needy but had accumulated more than $115,000.00 worth of food, April.

fuel, clothing, and commodities, which are safely stored in Church storeOther stakes reaching 100% for one houses. During 1937 more than 172,000 persons contributed towards the month of the year are: Alberta, Bear

success of the program. River, East Jordan, Hollywood, RexReaching the second and third objectives will naturally be slower. burg, South Davis, Wells.

Yet there is every reason to be encouraged. More than 6,000 persons Stakes with the highest averages for

found employment during 1937, and 2,532 others were engaged on Church the entire year are as follows: SouC;i

Work Projects. All told, more than 44,000 persons were assisted by the Davis, 97%; Big Horn, 96%; Weber,

program in 1937. 96%; Ogden 94%; Malad, 90%; Wells,

There is still much to be done. Food and clothing must be supplied 90%; Hollywood, 84%.

to those still unemployed, and work must be found for the 6,544 who are The reports reflected increased inunemployed but who are able and willing to work. To reach this goal terest in Ward Teaching and a spirit

will take the united effort of all the people. Priesthood Quorums must of enthusiasm for the work during the

function to their full capacity. The splendid work always done by the present year.

Relief Society must continue..

What have you done? What can you do? What should be done to make this program ultimately succeed? Think it over for a month. Aaronic Priesthood

On their next visit your teachers will have suggestions for you. {Concluded from page 300) TEACHER'S QUORUM LEADS

PROHIBITION LAW APPEAL BELVEDERE WARD DEVELOPS accordingly, the Teachers on the west 'T'he Teachers'quorum of Mesa First

INTENSIVE TEACHING PLAN side of the ward, comprising two of Ward of Maricopa Stake has the districts visit on the east side of adopted as a quorum project an effort "D ELVEDERE Ward of Wells Stake has the ward on the First Thursday of to create sufficient public sentiment to - adopted an intensive supervision each month. Teachers of the two east bring about a return of statewide proplan for Ward Teaching, which will side districts visit on the west side on hibition or at least to decrease the use

undoubtedly be of interest to many the 2nd Thursday. Under this plan of liquor. A public meeting has been

leaders throughout the Church. The those who are themselves acting teachconducted by the young men themplan was outlined by Bishop R. A. ers are enabled to be in their homes to selves resulting in splendid publicity

Brower in the Aaronic Priesthood Concall their families together and receive and assurances of cooperation from vention held in the Assembly Hall, the teachers, according to the plans of many people.

Monday, April 4th. Under the Belthe Church. The plan, initiated by the quorum,

vedere Ward plan, four divisions have On the evening assigned for visits, was presented to the stake presidency, been made, with 90 districts. There is all of the Teachers who visit that night high council and bishoprics and received

a total of 547 homes, 180 Teachers meet at the ward chapel for a short their approval. Young men from the

comprising the regular list. Each of prayer meeting before going into the twelve wards of Maricopa stake ( since

the four divisions has a president with districts. Bishop Brower, and his divided) joined in the public meeting

two assistants and a secretary. This counselors J. A. Checketts, E. C. which was addressed by outstanding

group is responsible for a Teacher visit Dodge, and the Ward Clerk, S. Bertell educational and Church leaders. A

to every home every month. Bunder, have regular districts and visit statewide convention of young men is

In order to insure that those who the same as do the other teachers. contemplated as the next step.

desire to receive the Ward Teachers In addition to the regular Ward The Mesa First Ward Teachers'shall be able to arrange their affairs Teacher's message, which is carefully quorum is a Standard Award quorum.

OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS OF THE GENEALOGICAL SOCIETY OF UTAH

JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH, JOHN A. WIDTSOE, HAROLD J. KIRBY,

President and Treasurer. A WILLIAM LUND, Assistant Secretary.

JOSEPH CHRISTENSON, JAMES M. KIRKHAM, L. GARRETT MYERS,

Vice President. MARK E. PETERSEN, Assistant Treasurer and

ARCHIBALD F. BENNETT. Directors. Superintendent ol Research Bureau

Secretary and Librarian. ELLEN HILL,

Assistant Librarian.

"Decently Elder William M. Wadand One Family Group Records of very busy now preparing for the Jubidoups, former president of the every family in those missions. We lee, but as soon as it is over, I will

Hawaiian and Samoan missions, and are building up, as fast as possible, a assign two Elders on each island to of the Hawaiian temple, was appointed Polynesian section in the Library of go around and gather Family Group by the First Presidency as supervisor the Genealogical Society of Utah for Sheets from all those who have not of the Polynesian department of the research purposes. We are also colyet filled one out."

Genealogical Society of Utah. Under lecting and placing on exhibit articles President Emil C. Dunn of the Tonhis direction genealogical organizations shov/ing the art and handcraft of the gan Mission writes: "We have chosen

are being perfected in the various Padifferent Polynesian peoples. a supervisor and a secretary and have

cific Island missions, and wonderful Our aim and purpose are first, to organizations in all the twentyone results are anticipated from the increasassist the Polynesian Saints in every branches of the mission. We have

ing activity now in evidence. way possible to have the saving and made mimeograph copies of Family

exalting ordinances of the Gospel perGroup Sheets and Pedigree Charts in

POLYNESIAN DEPARTMENT formed for their worthy dead; second, the Tongan language and these are

to assist in reuniting a once united proving a great success. We have

"pNCOURAGiNGfrom the differentreportsPacificare comingmissionsin people;the heartsand,of third,the peopleto helpof tothesepreparemisSheetsprintedandto 4000datePedigree4000 FamilyCharts, Groupwhich

which show a noticeable awakening in sions to receive the blessings promised have been used entirely by the Saints.

genealogical research and temple work to their forefathers, by the prophets of We have also the baptismal and endowamong the native peoples of the PolyGod. ment sheets in the Tongan language.

nesian groups of islands. The following quotations from letThe sheets are coming into the mission

We have requested each mission to ters received from the authorities of office so fast we cannot get them copied.

organize its force of genealogical worksome of these missions will serve to Please send us 5000 One Family Group ers as nearly as possible like the setup show how they are receiving our sugSheets and 1000 Pedigree Charts."

in the stakes and wards. A concerted gestions and requests, and somewhat Brother Te Ao Wilson, secretary

and organized effort is being made to of that which is being achieved in these and recorder of the Genealogical cominstruct the Saints in the most effective Pacific missions. mittee of the New Zealand Mission,

methods of research, and in the collecPresident W. F. Bailey of the Hawrites: "I am very busy at present

tion and proper recording of the pediwaiian mission, says; "I do appreciate as I am preparing the sheets for those

grees of their ancestors in preparation the value of records being properly who are soon leaving for the Hawaiian forWetempleare attemptingwork. to collect all old kept,do thoseand things,I shall whichcooperatewill inbesttryingreachto namesTemple.of Itheamancestorsalso busy ofcompilingmy people,the

mission records, family records, and the goal for which we are all striving."as the New Zealand mission has regenealogical books available in all the This came from President Gilbert R. quested me to make copies of all sheets

Pacific missions. We have requested Tingey of the Samoan Mission: "I I send on to you. The New Zealand

the presiding authorities of all the Polyam sending under separate cover the mission genealogical committe is conesian missions to furnish the Church Pedigree Charts and One Family operating with you in this great work

Genealogical Archives Pedigree Charts Group Sheets you asked for. We are of our Father in Heaven."

Family American Great TheChurch Moves On the Rack Book Mifflin Shipley, (Lee Houghton {Concluded 290) On itom page (Concluded page 291) from 1938. 293 pages. Company,TABERNACLE CHOIR $2.00.)

the chapter with "TheDINNER HELD Commencing the Celdom can one wax unqualifiedly deals with which Unbroken Plain,"present enthusiastic a day about first settlement Elder of County, Box dinner, honorChoirA Tabernacle novel, American Great but FamThe all inthe progresses the through book"ing Bishop Smith A. David who is is ily so of kind the which book activities, dustries, projects community released of ashas president the been that entertaining canwholesomely we time. to the the of present county down after thirtychoir of service, years was resist. denot Seymour had Gregory first the pioneers of names The who in theheld Lafayette Hotel Room, great write the that cided he would settled in the hamlets of towns and each 14, April evening,Utah, Thursday arrival the novel, but with American their the acof are given county and of1938. the General AuthorMost to boys, lusty nothing of say of four is tivities discussed. exan book Theities, their choir partners members and girl, to to turn potaesthetic had he an valuable should tremely be one and present, together withwere Mayor door the the boilers to keep wolf from all interare proudly owned by who H. and Governor Wallace HenryJohn California. in sunny even activities. in early about ested knowing guestsBlood. Approximately 650

were served. Choir president Lester Many people will regret that there But the family had such a riotously

F. Hewlett presided and Richard L. is no index, which would greatly inhappy time of it that more wellto-do

Evans was Master of Ceremonies. crease the utility of the book. M. C. ]. parents will envy the family unity

Presidents Grant and Clark, George D. which sprang from their joys and sorPyper, Earl J. Glade, and J. Spencer rows and wholehearted love for each

Cornwall participated on the program, other.with many others, and Bishop Smith CTQ: The book is refreshingly good mediwas presented with a gold wrist watch cine for all to take—and like, as wellby the choir membership. as emulate.—M. C. /.

BASKETBALL LEAGUEM MEN DECLARES A NEW CHURCH CHAMPION

By LES GOATES that came to see the championship claseral Manager of the Deseret News,

Sports Editor of the sic.Entries outside the Beehive domain awardedgold statuette.the titleLoganwinnersFourtha handsomereceived

Deseret News made a particularly fine showing, per- a silver plaque. George Q. Morris,

haps the best ever. Pocatello Institute General Superintendent of the Y. M.

I. fifth participation St. gold place presented A. and Johns from M.

in eighth. impressive Familiar teams to the 160 players placed pins ArizonaMUTUALation Improvementbasketball is playedAssociin won in the colors competition the flag Huntington were ceremonies in which

a score or more of states and Park and Dimond from California. Maof the United States, Canada, and

in foreign lands but the best team in grath came down from Canada as the Mexico, were unfurled. Elder Morris

this "League of 12,000 Players,"hails dominion's best representative ever, gave gold basketball fobs to members from the little town of Cowley, Wyoand Overton, as usual was on hand to of the championship Cowley team, and ming. The Cowley Cowboys won the carry Nevada's banner. silver fobs to the Logan Fourth run1938 M Men championship in the nersup. Pocatello, consolation winner.

most spirited tournament in the long "Plder Samuel O. Bennion of the Eighteenth, and Harvard received bashistory of this event, playing strong "'First Council of Seventy and Gen- (Concluded on page 308)

and cagey basketball for four days in the Deseret Gymnasium, Salt Lake

City, from March 23 to 26.

From their openingday triumph over the accurateshooting Heber

Third Ward, the Cowley basketeers were the favorites to succeed Manavu of Provo as the title holders.

The tournament reached a high point of interest in the second round when

Wyoming's determined delegation defeated the touted Harvard Ward five.

Salt Lake interstake runnersup, 37 to 35. This game was generally acclaimed as the most thrilling contest of the

tournament. This reversal relegated

the Liberty Stake champions to fourth place.

Cowley triumphed over Heber Third the first day, and dropped Salt Lake's

Eighteenth Ward from the championship bracket the third day. Logan

Fourth, an untouted but surprisingly strong aggregation, clashed with Cowley in the storybook finale. For two

quarters the smoothworking Collegians led the ultimate title winners. In

the third period Cowley pulled ahead, 25 to 22 and went on out to win, 39 to 34.

And so, just as easily as that, did ten young men from a little Wyoming canning town of 526 inhabitants, take home the championship in the largest singlestandard basketball league in the world. It was only the second time in

history that the title has gone outside the Beehive State. Glendale Ward of

California, accomplished the feat in 1933.

Eighteenth Ward, which had to play an Ogden runnerup for the right to participate in the allChurch finals, placed third. This team was also third

in the Salt Lake district tournament.

Twentysixth Ward, which finishedfirst in the interstake eliminations, lost AL its first two starts in the allChurch GUARDTOP:WITHPARADEUNITEDOF STATES,NATIONS,CANADIAN,OPENING ANDNIGHT,MEXICANDESERETFLAGS,GYMNASIUM,WITH ALLFEATURINGPLAYERS,COLORTHE

series and finished back of the first GENERAL BOARD M MEN COMMITTEE, AND THE GENERAL SUPERINTENDENCY OF Y. M. M. I. A.

eight. ASSOCIATIONCENTER: CONFERENCECOWLEY M MENFORBASKETBALL1938. THETEAM,TEAMCHAMPIONSPERSONNELOF (LEFTTHE MUTUALTO RIGHT):IMPROVEMENTCOACH

New attendance records were also C. W. RAWLINGS, MEL DALTON, FON JOHNSON, GUY WILSON, RODNEY CROSBY, JIM WILSON,

established in the allChurch finals. CHARLESBOTTOM:WILSON,THEJESSDESERETCROSBY,NEWSIMPROVEMENTMILUS JOHNSON. ERA ALLCHURCH TEAM (LEFT TO RIGHT):

Historic Deseret Gymnasium was taxed GUY WILSON, COWLEy, GUARD; JERRY VACULIN, HARVARD, FORWARD, FON JOHNSON, COWLEY,

to capacity to accommodate the throng FORWARD; REED OLDROYD, MANAVU, CENTER; MEL DALTON, COWLEY, GUARD.

MARTHA HORNE TINGEY

By CLARISSA A. BEESLEY

some business training too, having laneous program, graded courses of been selected by President Brigham study were evolved, one department

Young, with several other girls to and one activity after another being learn typesetting by which she was added until a splendid program for able to earn a livelihood. Her readgirls and young women had been

ing was quite extensive for those established. Of these the BeeHive

days. She loved music and had and Summer Camp movements v/ere

been a member of both the Taberoutstanding, although not less imnacle and ward choirs. And she portant was the rapid progress made

belonged to the Wasatch Literary in Adult education and in the deClub in which Heber J. Grant, Orson velopment of the Gleaner and Junior

F. Whitney, Rulon S. Wells, and activities. President Tingey was

MARTHA HORNE TINGEY others who later attained prominence cautious in introducing new venwere also members. tures, giving each one much careful

Soon after her appointment in the and prayerful thought, but when

S. Tingey, a young man who, like ful. The Young Woman's Journal,HOWlife swiftlypasses by!the panoramaHow rapidlyof M, I. A. she was married to Joseph launched they were always successits in of "goodly continued 1889, been herself, had commenced bom important or events—trivial character until the very year in which and was mission whose another parents"and merge into one—follow

it was comto make up a life's history! of pure gold. They had been waitshe was released when

ing for each other while he combined with The Improvement Era.

On a bright June day fiftyeight pleted a mission to England and their As we looked upon her gentle, years ago a young girl looked into romance, thus tested, continued serene face, we wished too that our the future, wondering how far the throughout the thirtynine years of girls of today could have known her years would stretch ahead and what their life together. Many hardships as we who had worked with her

they would bring her of varied excame; much of the time her health knew her. We wished they could

perience, but concerned even more was frail but her spirit was ever have felt the strength of her faith.

as to what they would bring to the brave and sweet and she made a Bright like a star it gleamed through girls of Zion with whose destinies beautiful home for him and her chilall the years. Whatever the stress,

she was to be so vitally connected. dren. He was always gentle and whatever the discouragement or

For on this day, June 19, 1880, patient; had it not been for his enproblem, she never faltered in her

had been organized the General couragement and consideration. Sissteadfast trust in a real, living FaBoard of the Young Ladies'Mutual ter Tingey could not have continued ther. To her the Gospel was all in

—MarthaImprovementHome—not)Associationquiteandtwenshe herForpublictwentyfiveduties. years, she served all.We wished they could have been

tythree years old, had been chosen as President Taylor's counselor and touched by the influence of her unas second counselor to President in 1905, upon the latter's death, beselfishness. She was ever anxious

Elmina S. Taylor. It was an imcame the president of the Y. L. M. to give her companions opportunity

portant mission to -vvhich she had I. A., holding this position until to advance; she gave honor to each

been called and to one as modest March 28, 1929, when at her own individual or committee who accomand retiring as was this girl its acrequest because of failing health, she plished a piece of work, keeping herceptance must have cost a struggle. was released. Nine more years she self in the background; she was willBut she had unbounded faith, her lived, peaceful and contented, suring to accommodate herself to the

love of the Gospel was deep, and rounded by her loved ones, a deconvenience of others; and these

she believed with Nephi of old that voted daughter and four sons with things she did not once or several the Lord never calls men and women their famihes, until, on March 1 1 th times only but during all her years to a task without helping them to of this year, 1938, when she peaceof service.

it. serperform her So she began officers our eightieth could be fully passed beyond. Her We wish

littlevice, that it dreaming would of her with great powers birthday 15th blessed occurred had on the continue for well nigh half a cenof October last. wisdom and discernment. Again

tury. and again were they witnessed by

For one so young she was well A s WE looked at our beloved former members of her Board. Often when

prepared. Her parents, Joseph and president resting in her last prevented by ill health from particiMary Isabella Home, had been persleep we could not but wish that all pating in preliminary discussions

sonal friends of the Prophet Joseph of our Mutual girls of today might concerning important matters she

Smith and had heard gems of truth realize how much was accomplished nevertheless, when they were prefrom his lips which became familiar for them during the five decades of sented to her, at once comprehended household words, thus enriching the her leadership. From a membership their full import and gave her opinlives of their children. She was of less than four thousand the Y. L. ion without hesitation. And we knew

possessed of a fine, intelligent mind. M. I, A. grew to more than fifty that when Sister Tingey said a thing

Her ideals were high. She had had thousand. From a general miscel- {Concluded on page 308)

General Superintendency General Offices Y. M. M, I. A. General Presidency

I. A. Y. M. M.

Q. MORRIS I. A. 50SALTNORTHLAKEMAINCITY,STREETUTAH LUCYY. GRANTW. M. CANNON GEORGE

JOSEPH CANNON General Offices Y. W. M. I. A. VERNAHELEN W.S. WILLIAMSGODDARD BURTON K. J.FARNSWORTH BUILDING 33 BISHOP'S

OSCAR A. KIRKHAM, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH CLARISSA A. BEESLEY,

Executive Secretary Send all Correspondence to Committees Direct to General Offices Executive Secretary

represent a very distinguished group of the first part of the manual was more young men extending all over the world teachable than the symposium. She

for the M Men activities are that broadly says, however, that much depends upextended. to aid brought her the teacher. She on achievecongratulate your you We material, deal of outside great a much the represent physical ment. Men's You Mon OF THE MEMBERS NEWTWO in eduher she of gathered which had skill, living, their their clean high andY. M. GENERAL W. endeavors. cational spirituality. congratulations, our With weBOARD CHOSENI. A. to are to are present to her these gold comment, have happy happy you We

"O'rs. Florence Bowden Pinnock medals commemorating your splendid because it serves as an index for the

achievements. of the Board. General committee Her Angelyn were and Miss Warnick

of is the inspiring This expression an is as follows: paragraph concluding of the as membersannounced new leader of men. boys Suand young is criticism, to as received not a be This PresitheGeneral General Board by

in his perintendent Morris youth that in the written 193839 was a but hope was April of the Y. I. A.dency on M. W. lively, progressive, will series his enthusiastic active an have and and and boy of these9, 1938. young Both women is chapters. challenging our what That early characterized manhood by was qualified for positions the toare which classes wish! Senior activities the equally of vigorous and called. beenthey have

qualities characterbuilding as same is the from graduate a Pinnock Mrs. in class leader Hunsaker, Doris in displayed thus our program, Men M field in the of ofUniversity Utah home Lethbridge, Alberta, ward, Barnwell life fitting for effective a time of him is distateeconomics. Miss Warnick letter in written a time Canada, some is It leadership. service that and hoped office inrector of the of making home activities of the of spoke ago some the to future bring every may Man M statethe of education. department

in to the used been which ward in had the the to opportunity Church meet as served has Gleaner PinnockMrs. class. failing Senior bring She a up personally our General Superintendent in capacistakeleader both and ward says: fine feel his personality and parandties. in served has Miss Warnick fall I the conference from came home spirit the take that radiof wholesome forstake capacity the both Sunday (their to convention) desire stake a with ates him. contact personal from with A the Mutual.School and Mrs. Pinnock I class, of the success a personally so make inspire should to try him every boywill serve the Gleaner committee, on as contacted as of Senior I could age many to as cultured he become and first is—a result before the meeting. the The Miss Junior.and on was Warnick highminded gentleman—an outstandgratifying, and 30 people attended that

SUPERINTENDENT MORRIS'ing product of Mormonism. first class, and we have had an average

all winter. that 20 organized of about WeMESSAGE TO THE M MEN night planned party. our first and monthly

A NOTHER International Basketball At our social, we composed songs for our ''Tournament has been held and {Continued on page 306) declared.another championship team L. L. Dr. Daines chairmen; Brockbank, Hazel and TO "GOES WATERLOO MUTUAL"WARD

Merrill, H. R. Dr. Hansen, George Polly R. H. Cowley, team cameThe Wyoming,

in recoflnition third the "Let's The Mutual"Go to Hardy, Vella Wetzel. H. thethrough four of competition days series, last the for this season, and salutes Waterloo

In in this Wells Stake. Attendance at Mutual Ward enthusiaswithout a defeat and were of Hayward, pLORENCE M. Warrens taxes frequently the capacity ward of the wardtically the victors as accepted by their chapel. Outstanding Programs California, excellent Assembly and interesting wrote an

In are various leadership given the as departments thecompetitors. Those saw the sixwho letter 1 937for the Senior about manual this for successful season. most The specialteen the one hundred and teams and 38. says, programs, that she including drama, She found, the activityreasons dancing, and

music, have also factors. contributing been intwentyeight during action these The men excellent contained for manual material

of hearty and support the complete bishopric was inspired the playfour days of were by teachers wellprepared it; that to teach visitors reported at General by a recent Board meeting.

cleancut and vigorous type of young men that characterized our M Men groups, and the fine sportsmanship displayed by them.

One of the outstanding events of the tournament was the parade of the athletes Wednesday evening, when each team, led by its captain, followed an international color guard around the Deseret Gymnasium. Finally the

sixteen teams marched abreast up the center of the floor and were addressed by General Superintendent George Q.

Morris, and each player was presented with an award for his splendid achievement.

Superintendent Morris'remarks on this occasion were so timely and impressive that they are included here that every M Man in the Church may profit by his message to them We are very happy on behalf of the

Young Men's General Board to welcome this splendid group of M Men to the finals of this great basketball tournament. You

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 193 8 {Continued from page 305) class, played games, and talked over winter activities, and served light refreshments.

It seems that the Barnwell ward was M MENGLEANER successful in socializing the group. ACTIVITIES

Music evenings and book reviews ocFirst and second pictures are of curred after the regular Sacrament serchurcii"Pioneer Ward,SundayUtahevenings.Stal(e, "afterThe

vices. These evenings were profitable third picture is of North Idaho

and wellattended in the main, the Fallsquet; stakefourthM anMenGleanerOlder- Gleanerbanleader stated. Here are some of the class from Maricopa Stake; fifth,

projects she listed: theWells"MIA"stake. chorus of Wells Ward,

To plant trees in the cemetery and parks in the spring; to erect a swimming pool and

tennis court on park grounds; to organize

parties to obtain funds for these activities.

.,, We have obtained a place to store

eld relics and costumes.... Certainly our

manual is well named. The High Road is

Progress and we all feel it is. I am thankful to my Heavenly Father for the privilege

that has been mine this year and wish all success to the M. I. A.

It is interesting to note that this group took out memberships in the Lethbridge public library which have kept the class members in good reading material.

Fred G. Taylor, of the 18th ward.

Ensign stake. Senior class, has reported

many activities which have been carried on by his organization. The Senior

class instructor is Dr. M. Hyrum Harris, who has attracted a fine membership to his organization. At one of

the earliest meetings Dr. Harris caused

the class to be organized under the name of 18th Ward Senior Class Association, with the following committees: general, recreation, refreshment,

mixing, transportation, publicity, and arrangements. Several educational

trips were outlined early in the season.

Newspapers cooperated by giving publicity to the undertakings of the class.

The group visited KSL, both its studio and transmitting setup on the shores of Great Salt Lake. Approximately

sixty people attended. The group also

held other social functions, one of the timely ones being an illustrated talk on the Holy Land during the Christmas holidays.

The Senior committee of the General

Board is planning some socializing activities for June conference, as well as educational opportunities. Plans are

being laid for several interesting functions, and it is hoped that every stake senior supervisor and every ward senior teacher who can possibly do so will attend these conference sessions.

Katie C. Jensen, chairman; Freda Jensen, Grace

Nixon Stewart, Helena W. Larson, Florence

B, Pinnock.

Over the Top The recent survey shows that ninetyterestingfeel she isorganization.an important part of an insocialexpressedproblemsenjoymentof today.of meetingsClasses withalso

sheaf. a have wards bound wardtwo the M Men and lesson course for this Enjoy They such remarkableCongratulations a on What

concerning Reports future courses of year. feat! of enthusiastic members Thethese wards must be happy to know study indicate that thirtynine wards Summer Months—Friendship

there is not one girl of Gleaner age would like lessons on religion, thirtyCircle within the ward boundaries who is not nine on personality, and fiftynine on Gleaner leaders are urged to stimu- a member, not one girl who does not courtship and marriage, eightythree on late attendance now even if their classes

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1938

have arrived at the 100% membership who have made this one of the notePlan also with the Explorer leader for goal. Keep all of the girls coming worthy older boy programs in all Amerone joint hike or wienie roast with the

once a month at least. ica. boys and girls together.

This is the time to think of the sumOne of the feature presentations of mer program. Friendships gleaned from the program to be offered is the anniNEW COMMITTEE MEMBER

in service Tabernacle, Sunthe versary be not should nightscomaraderie is to pleased Committee Junior npHE 12th, as the climax evening, regJune because day merely abruptlybroken "the addition of a announce new the will Silver be I. Jubilee of Exthe keep cease. meetings So A.ular M. Warnick, Miss Angelyn member. who its field in the of depiction groups, plorer in organized girls togetherthe in years active Church has been many life in boys. of older regularly the circles,"meeting and Church"friendship

is of the author work. Miss Warnick its first if possible. presentation of will the This be weekly orsemimonthly

It's the of song, the words "Oh To Joy is the of parties, hikes, to one kind be expected and bees, swimmingSewing all Girl,"which have Junior Be we A highlights of are the program. always parties and games lawnand

loved. field their exindicate the that fromfun. Reports bound have Wards

is of state director Warnick Miss in in separate will forming cellent touch with progress to keep wantsheaves state office the in of the making home the that committees. units this so separatetheir Explorer and summer members

girls will continue to realize the imThis is one of the motivation objectives department of education of Utah. She

portance and benefits of their Gleaner of the Silver Jubilee preparation and is was formerly a member of the faculty class. being urged wherever practical in view of the home economics department of

of the standards established in conBrigham Young University.

Correspondence Committee nection with the Silver Jubilee cerSummer time is the logical time for tificates.

the correspondence committee to funcExplorer-Junior Girl Socials and tion energetically. So many girls reparties continue to be special features

for their leave or groupturn home chairman; Philo T. Farnsworth, of success- D. a of the program. E. Hammond, A number

E. Peterson. Arthur least, are if they at and It or twoweek ful held. events is urged have been

( twice, or a postcardinvited once supervision will that careful be provided celebrafor the Jubilee Plans to return will eager they be moredo) special for care these groups and that twentyfifth anniversary the tion of CiLVER class. in friends Gleanerto their in of the exercised be youth view in been the of of Scouting have Church

participants the the deextreme and details. for minor except completed,Carry On sirability establishing of stanproper will printed in outline be program The committee the Gleaner Leaders, dards. Explorer Log The new Numprovisions for Special in the June. Era will being of continue eachhopes you this will for suggestions ber 8 contain recognition for the are being made if girls for invited, the leader, needa of the program. phase official delethe of entertainment and like you. experienced someone By

stake. each troop gates and each from too, will realized the have younow,

is these delegates selection of Early benefits that blessings and comemany district troop comand urged upon "all service. true that yourfrom How

is to mittees. delegate be in every Each into the lives of others put comeswe

representative S. Scout. a L. D. leadinto our own."back As Gleaner chairman; Lucile T. Buehner, way C. Josephson, Marba registered to be uniformed and He is Warnick. Bennett, Angelyn Emily H, will progress and grow and ers you

find true happiness through helping with the National Council. Commitothers. Surely there is nothing so fine JUNE CONFERENCE PLANS tees making the selections are permitor satisfying as doing the work of our pjoR June Conference, the Junior Comted to choose delegates in any way they

Heavenly Father. mittee is especially eager to display desire, but care is urged to make sure

is living in that accorddelegate each I the Question Story, Forget, Lest My to Offer? Have You interWhat the as oath ance with and law ideas. Festival Box, Junior and We

preted our to your send Church. Please by General Comthis to stakes invite send all wards and

mittee all photographs or bulletins material at least three days before June When these boys assemble they are orWefavorsare proudor decorationsof the achievementsfor banquets.of ConferenceThe programopens.for Junior Leaders in totherepresentY. M. M.ScoutingI. A. underas conductedChurch leadby

our Gleaner groups and will use them attendance at June Conference inership and guidance. They should

in our display section in June Confercludes: Friday morning in the Gentherefore represent our standards and

ence. Good luck and happy gleaning. eral Program; Friday afternoon. Joint our ideals.

ExplorerJunior activities and the disTwenty-five year veterans, those scoutwith have been connected who Box, Story, the Question play of My ing continuously the since 1913, year at social evening, Festival; and Junior

Saltair; Saturday morning, department the national program was adopted by

John D. Giles, chairman; M. Elmer Christensen. affairs; Saturday afternoon, joint sesthe Church, and L. D. S. Silver Beaver

sion with Explorers, Scouts, and BeeScouters are to be given special recogpxPLORER registrations have reached Hive on vital problems; Saturday evenition at the Jubilee. Photos of

"an alltime high record, as reported ning, music festival and reception; SunVeterans and Silver Beavers are now

by Scout Executives in the central areas day morning testimony meeting and being gathered for special publicity of the Church. Celebration of the meeting under the direction of the Exfeatures.

Silver Jubilee of Scouting in the ecutives; Sunday afternoon, meeting in Of the General Board committees

Church with which is merged the comthe Tabernacle; Sunday evening. Tabplanning the celebration, four members

memoration of the tenth anniversary of ernacle. are twentyfive year veterans and four

the Explorer program will find this plan are Silver Beavers. All Committee

in the Scouts, not only for Senior it time at position has occupied any best SUMMER ACTIVITY Membersers and twoare memberseither Veteranshave wonor Beavboth since its organization, but at peak per- "OiGHT now begin to plan for your distinctions.

formance in organization, advancesummer work. If you cannot carry Plans to give recognition to district

ment, uniforms, projects, explorations, the work forward during the summer and troop committeemen. Commissionand expeditions. months, select someone who will hold ers, and Scoutmasters are being deFor many reasons it will be a time the girls together so that the good work veloped. Notifications of all plans will

of rejoicing and commemoration. It which you have done through the winbe sent to Council and District officers

will also be the occasion for giving ter season may not be undone and so and a complete outline of all arrangerecognition to the outstanding leaders that the group loyalty may not be lost. ments will appear in the Era for June,

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1938 '""MARTHA HORNE TINGEY ffWi'V'"''{Concluded ttom page 304)

chairman; Wells, Margaret Anderson, Ethel S. N.

Tingey, T. was right it was right, and if she the change, and she said, "Wait unLucy Bertha Waspe, K. Ileen Ann

Andersen, Caroline Adams. found weaknesses in it, we willingly til I leave before you do it."

T IKEturning,a greatmove thedialeventsslowlyof theturning,year. laidSheit aside.might have been said to be cannotThe hearofficersher andvoice,girlsbut oftheytodaycan

Now that the arrow points most em- a little oldfashioned, but it was a feel something of the love she had phatically to June Conference, we hope lovely "old fashionedness."There for them in these words quoted from

you are eagerly waiting for this event. was a sweet way about her that was her addresses:

The purposes of June Conference arc charming. Once at a big meeting

is the important most Perhaps many. high. hold yourselves of Zion, Daughters Council National of the of Women inspiration enthusiasm the renewed and selfrespect. dignity your Maintain and in she City among was York New it attend. to imparts Closely those who

inpresidents of limited number a is the associated purpose with above the to of the Church. President heed Give

that of becoming better acquainted with vited to speak on the evening known We are safe when we follow his words.

the BeeHive program and the assistas "Presidents'Night."Her simple He will never lead the Church astray.

ance it offers in mastering the mechanbrief speech was listened to most at- * ics of the program. If there were no tentively and when she modestly Above all things we must have love in

girls. let for hearts not our us our Do it attending, for reasons other would of the said, a product Mutual "I am let us scold them; hard not too be do upon are be worthwhile, you hope and we Association"a symImprovement let reprove help them, or but them us them

this perfecting posplans your to make the through smile kindness. pathetic in love went and

sible. her, looking at audience. Somehow,

If reorganizations necessary are any all hearts our our wish young With we fineness ol felt the there women in department, please the your won't you to that the understand people ImMutual I. the A. honored nature and her M. the that effort to see vacanevery bend officers not to coerce wish provement do

cies are filled before conference, that because of her. them. We do not wish to keep them from

these new Bee Keepers may attend and On several occasions the changanything that would bring them joy; but

have a better start in Bee Keeping. ing of the name of our organization we do wish to save them from that which

bring everlasting sorrow into their would attention called also been has Your Ladies to from to Young Young Womlives. fact the is a Keeping twelve that Bee alconsidered, but been en had

months'job and should be accepted though Sister Tingey could see the Farewell, Sister Tingey, our wellwith no other thought in mind. It is justification for it, it hurt her to make loved leader!

decidedly oldfashioned and unprofessional to leave your girls during the Following are the roundby-round resummer to their own resources. Plan sults: Priceless Possession

activities well your and see summer FIRST DAY is in charge that a Bee Keeper 31. {Continued from page 286) Overton the Manavu 39,

tomorrow—and I've entireWe time.ask all Stake Bee Keepers to St.OakleyJohns 25,39, TwentysixthNorth Ogden 42.23. closeslost everything."its doors

25, 31, Dimond Fourth Logan for the with check Bee Keepers Ward in breath her her heard draw He 34. Third 55, Heber Cowley five three the Service year year and sharply. 26. Richfield 43, Eighteenth pins. particulars Requirements and

27. 45, Magrath Harvard everything: "I've given the up last in published year's been have 31. Pocatello 38, Park Huntington house, felt her Deepvale—"town he I. last leader the and A. Eras now M.

in possession of your stake executives. SECOND DAY soft hand close over his own. The

Championship Flight warmth from it seemed to give him BEEHIVE JUNE CONFERENCE Cowley 37, Harvard 35. courage to go on,—"the cars, this

34, Park PROGRAM Huntington Eighteenth trips will 20. cottage be. There no more 29. 34. North Ogden Manavu to 3:30 p. m. 1. Friday—1:30 to Europe, long more no summer 27. 50, Oakley Fourth Logan Progressive demonstrations under

four activities: Dance, Drama, Story Consolation Flight vacations, no more furs, jewels.

Telling, and Music. {Each period Dimond 31, Twentysixth 24. We're broke."

* about 20 minutes. All will be perPocatello 34, Richfield 28. There was a silence while the

32, Heber Third Magrath tightly. his 30. small held hand own

32. St. Overton Johns 49, 2. for eternity her waited an Barney mittedSaturday—10to attendto 12eacha. m.period.)

Building Latterday Saints through THIRD DAY to speak, then he heard Martha

Flight Championship teaching. better into (Divide the little relieved laugh. a happy, laugh 37. 43, Eighteenth Cowley ranks. three Discussion of the new frightened, a "For I was moment 29. 34, Fourth Logan Manavu Book.) Hand I 37. said 51, Huntington Barney. thought Park Harvard you you

3. Buzz. BeeHive A 32. 33, Oakley North Ogden lost everything."had

I Flight Consolation have!"turned Barney "But

Pocatello 41, Magrath darkness, 20. sharply towards her in the BASKETBALL 35. Johns 36, DimondM MEN{Concluded from page 303) St. I've given understand? "Don't you

ketballs so that every team that won FINAL ROUND up everything. We're back where

Flight Championship final night the a trophy. was given thirtyfive ago. years were we We 34. 39, Fourth Logan Cowley finished as follows: teams The thing!"haven't a 37. 45, Eighteenth Manavu *9. 1. Cowley Huntington Park mistaken, are dear. 45. 47, North Harvard Ogden "You You my 2. 10. Fourth Logan Dimond

still priceless a possession have Flight3. 11. Consolation Eighteenth Magrath

4. Harvard 12. Heber Third Pocatello 45, St. Johns 36. your good name."She said it

5. Pocatello Institute 13. Overton The Deseret News'Improvemenf Era Allsimply, but the force behind the

6. 14. Richfield Manavu follows: Church Forwards, team silenced Barney. Fon words

15.7. North Oakley Ogden Vaculin, Johnson, Harvard. Jerry Cowley; are still Barney Deerfleld,""You8. 16. St. John's Twentysixth Dalton, Guards, Cowley. Center, Mel

* Standings of last eight determined by Reed Oldroyd, Manavu; Guy Wilson, she went on, "the man whose word

total points scored. Cowley. can be relied on; the man who lives

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1938

philoscharity extent ever ability, of his boundless an understanding F. BENNETT JOHN It is doubtful a lovbe known. if he himsense of humor, ophy, a keen {Concluded page 265) from

self could have even approximated ing nature, and a convincing faith ceived to be his duty was his master. the total of it all. that made the perfect complement

No personal consideration or pleasDevoted as he was to his friends, of this noble man. These loving,

ure could ever swerve him from the his business, and his charities, he capable parents infused into their line of duty. He sometimes had to was even more devoted to his family. children the highest ideals and lofty

choose between duties, however, and And they were devoted to him. They ambitions.

I have heard that he always elected admired and respected him, and they When John died there was found to do the thing that would contribrequited his abundant generosity by among his possessions a container ute most to the individual happiness taking full advantage of the liberal bearing an inscription which directand welfare of someone else. I have opportunities he accorded them in ed that the box should not be opened

known him to spend the greater part educational, cultural and spiritual until after his death. When it was

of a night comforting and helping development. He was immensely opened, it was discovered that years

a family whose father or son had proud of his family, as he had ocbefore his departure he had secured been caught in peculation or other casion to be. His sons were prebeautiful tokens of his love in the

dishonest conduct in some of the pared to and have taken his place form of exquisite pieces of jewelry businesses with which he was conin many of the large enterprises in for members of his family. With

nected, and then afterwards force which he was engaged and have these lovely presents was a verse of himself to work the remainder of the carried on with honor and credit. poetry reading as follows

at that all his assignednight his desk in Even been the Church they have

In arms one mother's we were locked, for.tasks cared should be currently in found to succeed worthy him repaid, be her love Long

C PEAKING of defalcations on the places of responsibility and trust. In the same cradle we were rocked,

part of employees, I doubt that All of his children have founded Around the same hearth we played.

to shoulder, in after the pattern ever has of the homesany the community one Shoulder man

Until side by side weletareuslaid.stand situations to trying deal these from which theyhad came. From more

with than came to John Bennett in homes have come grandchildren The following inscription was in his long and varied business career. lovely, sweet, and beautiful—the his own handwriting: "This verse

After all, these are the saddest of benediction of his life. On his expresses the strongest of all my

all experiences for families who 72nd birthday, he sat in the midst heart's hopes. God grant that it

prize honor and virtue. Disgrace is of them, posed for a picture, took may be so. Your loving Father."

harder to bear, even than death itthis picture among his friends and This was his final message to his self. John realized this and he made the cup of his happiness was filled children: to love one another and

such cases the special object of his and running over. to stand together. I think he would

attention and benevolence. He used I scarcely need to point out that have liked to have left the same mesto say to me, "I suppose I ought to such a measure of contentment, joy, sage for all his friends who were

but I just can't let that man or that and success comes to a man's life legion—to love one another; to stand

boy go to jail. Think what it would only in the companionship and lovtogether, without discord or dissenmean to the wife, the mother, or the ing help of a dear wife. Rose Walsion, with tolerant, sympathetic unfamily. Think what it would mean lace Bennett, wellknown throughderstanding, benevolence, and charto the culprit himself. Why, I'd out the Church for her long and ity for all men. That, I believe,

rather make up the defalcation myeffective labor in its organizations, would have been his last message, self."No one will ever know how brought to her husband a rare charm for it was the message of his whole

many defalcations of others he acand culture, artistic temperament and hfe.

tually did make up. Nor will the

Priceless Possession principles no matter Choristers and Organistsup to his high cost;what the the man who

Fiftyfive pays his Do You Feel Competent? more. a bitdebts and

that build to taken it hasyears you Art School special of Music and offers a The McCune dear,reputation. had you Oh, my fully qualify 3-weeks'course that choristers orwill more and it back.lost that, could nothing buy

With it you can climb to any heights ganists.duct dailyOutstandingclasses in teachermusicians of the Church will conagain. Don't you see?"

And Barney did see. It was as if Choral and Organ Literature—Ear Training and Sighthe had been standing on shifting, Singing—Conducting—Theory of Music—Speech Choir,

treacherous sands and they sudden-—Private Organ Lessons—Organists'Forum.

firm, granitely beneath hard became For Three Weeks—June 6th'25th—Cost $32 start again. overhis could feet. He

He had friends who would trust Tuition is placed low so that all may enroll. College credit given.

liim. There was a plan he had had ALSO, REGULAR SUMMER SCHOOL COURSES IN ALL BRANCHES

in the back of his mind for years, OF MUSIC, DRAMATIC ART AND DANCING, JUNE 13 TO JULY 23.

But had never had the time to try Write Now for Further Iniormation on Any of the Above Courses out. Now "We'll move intO'just a small McCUNE SCHOOL OF MUSIC AND ART place, Martha. I have a plan. Lis200 North Main Street, Salt Lake City, Utah

ten..."His shoulders straightened; he felt young.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1938

Saint is the Latterday ofHawaii Calls Again inthethearrivalgroundof theandguests,lined awithpit isa cerdug At settlement,Laie mostly comprised (Concluded from page 273) tain kind of stone. A fire is then Samoans who have come to Hawaii

finding conditions a little unlike built on the rocks and left burning to do their temple work. On a Sunthose which we find at home, the until the rocks are baking hot; then day afternoon, after a Samoan feast

wonderful preparation and underthey are covered with leaves and a similar to the Hawaiian feast, the standing of the programs of the freshly killed and cleaned pig is great group of Samoans gathered auxiliaries of the Church was inplaced therein. Next the pig is before the thatched pavilion to hear

spirational. The responses made by covered with tea leaves, burlap, and, a message from their Apostle,

the native people in perfect English finally, earth. It is then left to Brother George Albert Smith. It

and with such intelligence and spirsteam until thoroughly cooked to a was late afternoon, and under the itual understanding will never be tender turn. swaying palm trees and the grass,

forgotten. The M. I. A. meetings We were all directed to the the natives sat. With faces upturnwere carried out in exactly the same tables—tables decorated and set ed and in anticipation, interest, and

efficient manner as the meetings at with beautiful flowers, whole delireverence, they heard words of inhome. When we visited the Japancious pineapples, and leaves. Bestruction and praise. It was a gathese Sunday School, under the superfore us were glasses of pure fresh ering long to be remembered. As

vision of President Robertson of the pineapple juice, large wooden bowls the final hymn was sung, the long

Japanese Mission, we were delighted of poi, the native dish made from shadows of early evening began to to find in each class the exact Sunthe taro tuber, and by the time we fall, a soft breeze caressed us, and day School program going forth were seated, the pig had been as we said "Amen"to the benedicthat we find here in our own Sunday carved and served. Deliciously tion, we all felt the peace of a beauSchools, The Japanese hymn books cooked fish, a dish of squid, which is tiful spiritual experience.

were intriguing to us, with their a real delicacy, especially if one peculiar figures running up and doesn't know until after it is conOur visit to the temple that afterdown and opening from the back to sumed that he has been eating the noon climaxed a perfect day. A

the front, but they were our hymns, tentacles of octopus cooked in rare edifice of pure white in a natural our own melodies, and sung with cocoanut milk, are served and eaten setting of superb surroundings, the the same fervor which we hear in with relish. The dish of raw, red temple stands. We walked up the

all of our Sabbath schools here. In snappers, I confess, was the dish long approaching paths on each side

the kindergarten the rest exercises which the malihini (stranger) has a of the ponds which stretch out beand finger plays were led by an exbit of difficulty enjoying. But the fore the temple, with real apprecellent Japanese teacher to a group chicken cooked in cocoanut milk, ciation for its beauty of design and

of about twelve cunning little Japthe delicious bread fruit cooked to architecture, and the sacredness of anese youngsters who responded a turn, and cocoanut cake and ice its purpose.

with rapt attention and delight. cream were all so good that we were On the final night of our stay in

When one realizes that there are really glad that there was one dish Honolulu, as we were gathered in 60,000 natives in the Islands, and of we didn't care for. the lovely homey room of President

this 60,000. 16,000 of them are LatAfter the feast, and feast it was, Woolley and his wife, there came

terday Saints, we know that the we all gathered under the banyan strains of Hawaiian music, and as missionary work there, now headed tree to be entertained by hula we went out on their lanai, or porch, by President Bailey, is ever going dancers and Hawaiian melodies. a group of Hawaiian Saints came up

forward. The hula dance is one of the from the garden serenading us.

Perhaps to those of us who were world's most expressive, beautiful They gathered around us on the sent in the interests of M. I. A. there dances. With the feet and body the porch and sang their alohas to us.

was no greater thrill on our trip than rhythm of the dance is born, and Virginia Woolley, the lovely seventhe Sunday evening meeting conevery movement of the hands, every teenyear-old daughter of President ducted by the young people. The expression of the face tells a story. and Sister Woolley, danced for us

chapel was filled to capacity. A These lovely girls, in their skirts, the truly beautiful hula dance in all

chorus of seventyfive young men made that very day from split tea of its sacredness, grace, and beauty.

and women, ranging in ages from leaves, their bodices of fresh flowers, The picture of our last evening in about seventeen to twentyfive years, tell stories in dance, first of a great Hawaii, with the Saints all about us, sang beautifully. The talks given love, now one of the death of their the palms silhouetted against a.

by the young people and the manroyal chief, and every movement, moonlit sky, the sweet grace of Virner in which the entire service was to those who understand, means joy, ginia's dancing, will never, never be conducted was manifestation to all sadness, the delight of a fishing trip, forgotten.

of us that truly this was the work the beauty of the waves rolling into of the Lord. Brother Deering and the sands, or of long sandy beaches At high noon the following day

Sister Keaka led the M. I. A. with in the moonlight. we said our aloha oes. As our ship

the cooperation of President WoolThe hula of the native Hawaiians weighed anchor and slipped its ley and his counselors. Brother expresses their emotions as sincerely moorings, the farewell strains of the

Parker and Brother Clissold. The and beautifully as great poets and Hawaiian music reached us. One

intelligent preparation and response singers express theirs in song and by one we took the flower lets from and the steady growth in memberverse. To those of us who sat around our necks and threw them

ship gave evidence of the efficient watching them this night, there came back in the ocean in hope that the leadership of these people. a new appreciation for this native kindly waves would wash them back

No story of Hawaii would be comdance, and a little sense of shame to Hawaiian shores as a symbol that plete without telling of the native for those who try to weave into it some time, some day, we too would

Hawaiian feasts or luaus. anything that is not wholesome, return tO'the land of Hawaii and

About three or four hours before beautiful, and delightful. to the people we had grown to love.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1938

"But he couldn't go away. His

Beckoning Road; roots are sunk too deeply here for

{Continued from page 271) that. Sell this place? That would

They had reached the section line be a crime."

that marked a lane running through "What value is it to either of us?

the ranch. They turned east into It isn't a home. Neither of us gets

it and Nancy spoke to her horse. any pleasure from it. All we do is

He stretched his long length ahead. snarl. We might get into something

The mounts were evenly matched that would let us live in peace."

and where the road started climbing "I wonder."

they were racing neck and neck. "Explain yourself."He sat up

The riders tightened their reins and suddenly.

looked with laughing eyes to each "Isn't it temperament, not geogother. raphy, that destroys peace?"

"I am taking you,"he told her, "Of course you know."

"to a place. But we shall have to "No. I wish I did."She spoke

take it slowly from here. It is a quietly, vehemently. "I wish I did.

real climb."I wish I knew what makes one perHalf an hour's slow mounting and son run from the thing another is

they left their horses with reins aching and longing to possess. Perhanging. On the edge of an outhaps if you had to stay here it

jutting rock he stopped. They could would help."

see from one end to the other of He glanced at her shrewdly.the brown and green patchedquilt "Are you by any chance trying to SERVEL

valley. Before them a covey of tell me to go to work?"ELECTROLUXgrouse took wing. From far away "Why not?"

came the restless tinkle of a bell. "What"do you think I have been THE Od REFRIGERATOR

"How is this?"He watched her doing?

closely. "Following your impulses."

"Marvelous."From the peak back of them the

His voice dropped to a faintly moon had crept slowly upward. It

reminiscent tone. "I nsed to run cast their shadows on the slope and

away when I was a kid and come up showed her the quick temper that here. Mother always fussed. She flared in his face. Then unexpectwas afraid of horses and the wide edly he laughed.

open spaces. Thought something "Go ahead and preach. I know

would get me, I guess."another girl that has been saying

that for years."

/\t the edge of the cliff "Your sweetheart?"

Nancy stood very straight, breath- "No."There was such bittering air that carried the heat of day, ness in his tone she caught a glimpse

the cool of evening, and the promise of something.

of moonlight. Below, lay the Wood "Tell me about her."

ranch, a huge green block among "Nothing to tell."Then after a

the brown. In the west the mounpause. "She couldn't see me."

tains were outlined against a fading "Was there someone else?"

day. As she watched, night un- "No. I fancy she rather liked me.

pinned her blanket and let it drop But she has ideals and courage to Save with the Refrigerator quiesthesoftly over and gradually live them. She has no time for a You Hear About—but girlcent earth. and The boy sat wastrel like me."Never Hear

side by side. In the veins of each "Is that her picture I saw on your

was a consciousness of the other. desk?"No Moving Parts in its

"Marvelous,"she whispered "No. That is Helen."Freezing System

again. She did not ask who Helen was Continued Low Running

"Evening or the ranch?"nor did he explain. She must be Cost

"Both.''the one Mr. Wood had referred to, Lasting Efficiency

"Piffle."The spell was broken. Nancy thought. His voice when he

"I will admit, however, it has more spoke again was more sincere than Savings that Pay for it appeal for me than ever before. she had heard it. A gas refrigerator can't make noise. There

its freezing entire in parts tottering."I'm no moving ol are know, you remind me "You

-work the flame does system. gas A tiny "You is should be without shade Ruth. about something There This friction, simor noise wear. without

feel plicity of saves youand grass and the eyes. they are not alike. green your Yet

Call in and see themoney—yearbeautiful newaftermodels.year.things growing. you would Then straight black hair she has And

have a reason for discontent."while yours is yellow and curly. I

discontented? said I was "Who suppose it is your serious young MOUNTAIN FUEL

since toBut you seem know, I am. souls."I have tried to get the old man to "I think I should like very much SUPPLY COMPANY

sell out and go away with me but he to meet Ruth."Salt Lake—Ogden—Provo

won't talk about it for fear he will "You would; but that does not Serving 21 Utah Communities

grow to like the idea."(Continued on page 312)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1938

BECKONING ROADS {Continued [com page 311) relieve me of this,"he indicated the "I think she would."Nancy was rocks, and there came to Nancy the

ranch, the hills, the plains. Nancy thinking of another scene. "Girls feeling that once again she had set

sighed in dismay. There was so do not mind hardships when—when her feet to a path.

much to love and to hold about this they are in love."They entered the lane and where

place! If he had to live on her He turned quickly. "Then what it crossed a small slough bed they

father's farm! about you and your Pete?"stopped to inhale the romance of

"You might subordinate your de- "Our break,"she answered posislough grass and fragrant evening sires and stay here, for a while, at tively, "had nothing to do with hardair. Reid leaned from his saddle

least. Your father is a lonesome old shipson my part. It was the and picked a venturesome, wild roseman."road."bud that the spring had nearly unfolded. again."turning "Tell to his comme Then that told you one?""Who roads. hair. thrust panion took beckoning he it in her "The We in the "It shows shadows that to led is sweeter wild and than a nowhere had in his one "What

eyes and in the echoes of his voice."turn back."rose?"he asked.

"If so he takes good care to hide He did not answer and then presThey were alone in a silver floodit from me. One would think I was ently they were on their horses goed world. The beauty of it brought

coyote poison."He leaned forward ing back. They walked the horses an aching to Nancy's throat. With

and looked long and searchingly at this time, knee to knee. These moonher chin cupped in his hand the man

the buildings and fields below them. lit hours were too fleeting, too poiglooked full into her eyes.

"Helen would make a great farmer's nant, to hurry through them. Here "I am going to try. Just to prove

wife. I can see her out here—even and there they caught glimpses of you are wrong."

part of the year."trails running through the sage and {To be Continued)

THE PROTESTORS OF CHRISTENDOM

{Continued from page 279) of that day and that hour knoweth do nothing of himself."John 3:19;

when he presided in person. The no man, no, not the angels which "Why callest thou me good? There

patriarch Alexander was attended are in heaven, neither the Son, but is none good, but one, that is, God."

by his archdeacon Athanasius. the Father."Mark 13:32; "For Mark 10:18; "Wherefore God also

my Father is greater than I."John hath highly exalted him, and given

At the beginning of the Council 14:28; "and this is life eternal, that him a name which is above every

there were three parties: the they may know thee the only true name."Philippians 2:9. They also

Arian party, the Athanasian or God, and Jesus Christ, whom thou quoted passages representing Jesus

Alexandrian party, and a party of hast sent."John 17:3; "The Son can as suffering, growing in wisdom,

moderate Arian views. This last etc.: Luke 2:52; John 11:33, 38;

party was the most numerous. Matthew 26:39.

Arius was invited to speak. What

did he say? Did he subordinate The Advertisers, Athanasius, who was the spokes

Alexander, use man for made maintain, to the FatherJesus and the controversy, and Where You Will F ind throughout beboth before,as is said he to have done that the Savior was the firstborn of Their Messages fore and after the Council of Nicea, texts: of the "I following and myall that consequently and men He Corp....319 Asphalt Roof American one."Father 10:30; are "The John all eternity as existed not fromhad | Cover Back Life Beneficial I is in in Father."Father the and me..315the Probably. of His Paint Son God? Glass Co Bennett & 10:38; has seen John me "He who.317 University Young Briqham attributed the also toenemies him 14:9."Father."has the..314 seen John Hotel Blaisdell Child's that of createdstatement Jesus was..315 Music Co Daynes the to subordinated Arius Jesus of nothing. out"nonbeing,"..318 - Press Deseret News Father. not, did Athanasius but

..261 to Hefele Arians According the Co. Motor Ford equality,"maintained "perfect the..260 Paints Fuller quotations the of use samemade

all eternity, that the of and from..313 Co. Glade Candy the controversy:throughout

293 260 Mills Father. the Globe with Son in the possessed Lord "The me..259 Interstate Brick Co idea the Arian favored views The his his before of..292beginning way, Station Radio KSL

works of old."Proverbs 1:22; "But Lankershim Hotel -.319 of three Gods, The Father, The Son,

L. D. S. Business College—..316 and The Holy Ghost. Not only

p.*..309 Ecclesiastical 256: 'Smith, Student's History, School of Music McCune ) Christian Western Roman insignificantlooking smallAthanasius was "a young..319 Handicraft Shop Mormon this, of but serene countenance, hardly twentyman, to but opposed thought was( -.311 Fuel Supply Mountain Co age. ofyears a or pure probably was Copt, brightHe the the idea throughout pagan world -..314 Hotel attracted the attention ofEgyptian, Grand he had and New

incident. a curious the throughAlexander From all Culture..319 School of Beauty of one supreme God, to Ogden whom

in lofty the house, of patriarch which awindows was Inside Par Soap Back Cover | others subordinated, gradhis were his clergy, attention toentertaining had was drawn

Polk. R. L. 6 strange playing Co a weresome game on children who -319 ually taken form. If the Arians bebroughtthe seashore. before being Alexander, On of School Beauty Culture..314 Quish

that reluctantly they confessedthey acting had been lieved in three Gods, then they were -.319 Electric a Schoss Co of thatbaptism, having one them, been and chosen monotheistic. Shell Oil over not Co Inside Front C the partto play of in the a bishop, dipped had them

this thatsea. boybishop Finding administered had..257 Sugarhouse Lumber Co the that Historians Athanadmit all rite with the forms,the proper declared Alexander Engraving Utah Coit to a valid himself sacrament, oil be the added in asian not to be found views were of Utah Power & Light Co..319-.313 struckconfirmation, and, the with and knowledge

gravity of the young Athanasius, he took under his Utah State National Bank..291 the writings of the Fathers of the

charge this boy who was to be his successor as anything but a mock bishop of Alexandria."'Hefele. Hisioire des Conciles.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1938

erating into conflicts.... Those Iill—ll<—*lliitl'|l 11 MIIH—llH III.III*—tl

The Protestors of whom he could not convince, he made to blush by the force of his

Christendom words. If someone spoke judiciouspreceding centuries."Not only do ly, he gave him praise. He preached

they admit that the Athanasian concord to all. He attained his obteachings were new, but they take jectives, and he brought all minds

the Fathers of eadier centuries to an agreement"* on the point in sharply to task. dispute.'

inArius noted already was As of the Athanasian newness The finto speak, he had "When scholars, vited alarmedviews has some that his manifest it was cause for yourand well it may. ished,

.. Eusebius. The two was lost.

Arius agreed largely with the (in sympathy with Arius) had to earlier Fathers, "almost all (of intervene to prevent the emperorwhom) have that in common among from taking severe measures against Old Iron them that, without denying in spethe person of the prime heretic."

cific terms that the Son is God, they "No one from that moment dared as a tradein alnevertheless subordinate Him more support pure Arianism any longer or less to God."in the Assembly."'''lowance on a mar-

'T'he doctrine of the "perfect equal- A first statement or formula of velous new ity"from all eternity was "in belief was proposed by Eusebius of particular the doctrine of the Roman Nicomedia who, after Arius, was

Church and had few adherents in the most influential man of the Arian of idea the party. suggested "He or no foundaeast."the With little enalmost the symbol composing in the as in revelation foundtion

the expressions taken of from the tirely or interpretedscriptures by is of Electric Scriptures.""Mourret Holy did not the Councilearlier Fathers,

hesitate to make definite that about the opinion that the proposal of which the Lord had said little, and Eusebius was defeated by Athansaid, Fathers had "The The little, their discussions asius. thatwith

is of virtue the God, Word the Iron in harmony.were not Father, uneternal of the image

the of role says, Mourret "The true God. changeable and When during the month all of at presentemperor, was who the they (of read this passage was

been seems to havethe sessions, Arian party) exchanged signs of of May. conflicts from to preventonly beintelligence. were surprised, They

coming bitter and to impose on all, saying among themselves, 'All by the ascendancy of his authority, of these expressions are applicthe spirit of concord. 'He followed,'able to the Son of God, since

says Eusebius, 'with attention the according to the Bible, they are apdiscussion of the problems. He took plicable to man. Is not man calledup the assertions of some, correcting the image of God, the splendor and 1 SEE YOUR DEALER

and moderating them, in a manner virtue of God?"'This proposal of

Ito prevent discussions from degenEusebius of Nicomedia was rejected. I or

338: 337, Conciles. Histoire Hefele. des pp. *"C. then proEusebius of Caesarea

century) the of (the second writers ApologistsI."The in the baptismal use formula to posed in regard the estimate Son too onplaced low an

to His being they attributed power, divinity andHis His in his own church. In this formula, UTAH POWER consequently did not recognize beginning, anda

(thus, Athenagoras the Fatherequality with called of God, and Jesus was "God especially, Tertullian, and, Tatian,Theophilus; light & LIGHT CO. life of life, only of light, Son, firstdis- the personal too much emphasizedOrigen). and

tinction the Father."of the Son from of the Logos, they born of all creatures, engendered of affirming the coeternity "After

make Him proceed from the bosom of the Father the Father before all the centuries, meansby of generation, which would imply an origin by whom everything was made."in time."

="C. J. Hcfeic, Histoire des Conciles. pp. 337, 338: To prevent false interpretation, the

their contemporaries the Apologists and"In general, exterior maniFathers declared that Jesus was "of 5 5 the with themselvesbusied much more {eks ousias)"essence life, the the intimate withfestation His than with of God of the \ to creation, with the thanrelations the of Logos Father. it appears, Athanasius Father."His withHis relations

"The theological language lacked precision; it is would have been content with this

in the certainthis fact that vagueness explains a exstatement, but someone, thought to (PwcolcdsA. I trinity the treat of they of thepressions Fathers when

and Nicea. the Thedivineconceptspersonsof hgpostasebefore the(substance)definitions andof have been Hosius, proposed the term The Ideal I

relations precise, the the of are natureof omoousios, not words, of person composed two Gift For I in divine a is explained the personsbetween the manner of meant the which one same andthat erroneous."sometimes I is incomplete and

338: other substance. Conciles, des Histoire pp. 337, C. \ historicalJ. Hefele, of exposition und Kuhn (Dogmatik The (Continued on page 314) TybJtheM'

III. in Streitigkeiten theol. rom, im Kirche derJ.Die

it is free learned, frightened as "asJahrhuandert) vol. II, I'Eglise, Histoire "Mourret, generate de

thought Bullus,the nic. Defensio Anglican who 46. p.

faith high attacked churchthe the of and been hadfidei

II, "Mourret, Histoire vol. I'Eglise, generale de to erudition great of expense with demonsoughtwho

44. p. isstrate demonstration: not that of capable which GLADE CANDY all II, Histoire Mourret, the I'Eglise, generale the that vol. of before de Councilnamely, Nicea CO. I\

clearly doctrine 49. exactly professedFathers the p. had and LAKE SALTof Nicea."II, Histoire generale "Mourret, vol. d I'Eglise, Funk, Kirchengeschichte, p. 118. p. 50. I

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1938,1 "30 those who should conceal The Protestors of them.death,

Christendom The formula thus decided upon {Continued from page 313) was the famous Nicene Creed: "We believe in one God, the

According to Duchesne, Hosius, Father Almighty, Maker of all bishop of Cordoba, Alexander of things, both visible and invisible;

Alexandria, and the bishop of Anand in one Lord Jesus Christ, the tioch, favored the term, same subSon [Word] of God, begotten of stance ( omoousios. Moreover, the the Father, onlybegotten, that is,

emperor made it known that he deof the essence [substance] of the sired the use of the word. "This Father. God from God, Light from

was for many a capital argument."** Light, [Life from Life], very God

from very God, begotten not made,

With the exception of Eusebius of one eSjSence with the Father, of Nicomedia and four other bishthrough whom all things came to be, ops who openly made fun of the new both things in heaven and things on "all that proposed, term been had for earth; of us the sake men Who of the the accepted GRAND Council NEW members THOMPSON UK salvation for our down, came and MMgr of use the the samesubstance word, flesh, and became was and made AT STREIT MAIN FOURTH SOUTH HOTEL*AND to express funda- {omoousios) the suffered, third the rose and on man,

><:=><><::><><:>( ><=><><:5><:><><:::>< ><r>< xc>( relation the of the to ><=><>c mental Son ><:>< >C2><O [to into the day, heavens ascended

!! Father.'"All of the bishops except the Father], is coming to judge livIt is finally said signed. that two in ing the [one] dead; il and and

i of Eusebius an Nicomedia added Spirit.'"Holy!! HONOLULU! it to read, omoousios, omoimaking the fundamental This to be came

ousios, the changing meaning and you visit the Pacific i! When Christianity, of Catholic creed and

!i Island paradise, stop at the to similar or like substance, and thus Protestant alike. The consubstan-

!! escaped anathema and exile. tiality [onesubstance, oneessence)

i! Constantine exiled Arius and the has been considered a great mystery

!! Child's two bishops who had refused to and, although "this is life eternal,

sign, together with all the priests that they may know thee the only i!!i Blaisdell Hotel whocommandedremainedthatfaithfulthe booksto them;of Arius"he truethou God,hast sent,"and Jesusthe Christ,faithfulwhomhave

!i Headquarters for the people!1 and of his friends should be combeen generally admonished not to

!! of Utah and Idaho mitted to the flames, and even threattry to understand or to fathom the

ened, it appears, with the pain of mystery.

Right in the heart of Honolulu's delightfully vol. ii, Mourret, generate Histoire de I'Eglise, business district—a Duchesne, 53. Histoire ancienne de I'Eglise, vol. il, p. hotel. cool restful 155. p. Carlyle, Bartlet Christianity and in History, p.

CHILD'S BLAISDELL HOTEL is p. Mourret,51. Mistoite generals de I'Eglise. vol. 11, 265.32John 17:3.

particularly wellknown for its beautiful dining cool with room of persons used on Church Number of Honoseascapes wall murali during Projects year 2,532 Takes Work Church its for lulu Harbor, Palm The and assisted of Bishpersons by Number directopen-air lunch Court room ops, Relief the Society, and Genof Itself Stock ly adjoining.

agencies 44,440 eral Committee {Continued page 277) from

It $1.50 are, up. that should there understood plan be and European in produce contributions been have made

in the aggregate, up. $3.00 of considerable private bath a and With number at the time record of made which no was

is relief in to cases furnished being which full for the keeping mechanics because families the individual both Church and by perfected. yet records been not had

agencies, arthrough governmental by recavailable there are no Furthermore, them. rangements out worked between The great of the Child, S. value very of the ords Manager, money Mathew

statistics represent hereinbefore given only of resident Priesthood and quorums done a Formerly by work by i! the in the contributions Church made by individuals, for Relief the Society and with Idaho and Utah cases. such5 building in in assistance matters as such

principle in operates a consame The small planting gardens, in making homes, siderable hospital of the cases, but number in renovations, improvements and home figures herein represent the given only activities. like clothing, and makingBE INDEPENDENT many contribution. Church the part of the stakes whole major In Profitable some Other Vocation So No effort, yet has not Church any made The this of has been Program work Welfare

effort, to to or pretended take any make ENROLL NOW assistance sort. valuable the of most Some

its profrom governmental members work the at For Course a Complete this in rendered has way. been

it jects; those has such merely urged on

The Church Unemployment Situation projects to do a full day's work for a

Quish School of Beauty Culture AS OF December 31, 1937, is as Follows day's pay.

The Best in the West Employable needing employment, It should also be understood that Utah 1, 6,544 large 1937 areas adjacent Jan. very and popuhave

Bldg., 336340 American S. Main, lations in needing employment, considerof nonmembers who,

CITY, UTAH Employable LAKE SALT "'. part, industries. the able in 31, are 7,760 1937 Dec. engaged

For Further Information Skilled workmen unemployed, Dec. The Church has made no effort to take

-cc*,*.<. or Catalog Call 31, 1937 1,134 care of these, leaving them to be cared for

'fy WasatchFill 7560in Thisor Unskilled31, 1937workmen unemployed, Dec. 6,525 byWhileother organizationsthe Church andWelfarethe government.Program

Q-/ Coupon Heads of families needing employaims of course to help those in need, its ment 5,651 real purpose is not merely to substitute

Number employed during year 6,071 Church gratuities for others furnished by

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1938

The Church Takes New Stakes Organized 0=K><=><>c2K>c=K><o<>c>><::>><=>>c3<>o><>c>(><=X>o><0

Sraithfield Stake created by a division

Stock of Itself of the Benson Stake on Jan. 9, 1938. The

new stake embraces Amalga, Clarkston, charitable or governmental agencies but Newton, Smithfleld First, Second, Third, to rebuild the characters of its members and Fourth Wards, Coleville, Lewiston and to promote and to foster the patriotic, First, Second and Third, Richmond, Richcivic, spiritual qualities and the of people. I South, Cornish, mond and Trenton wards muMcFor three of quarters century the a retained in Stake. Benson of House Daynes have been supplying I IN CHANGES OFFICERS, CHURCH the of Stake created people Mount divithe good Graham terintermountain a by STAKE, WARD, ritory BRANCH AND their with I in musical needs \ mersion St. of the Stake Joseph on February

chandise. oldest store The in music the ORGANIZATIONS SINCE LAST (S 20, 1938. stake The embraces new Dunof I one in the and West the oldest United OCTOBER CONFERENCE can, Paso, El Franklin, States Layton, Lebanon, established in was Utah by John

I.!! I Y. in 1862. A. M. Daynes is firm Presidency the General Safford, Today W. under Solomonville, and Virden Wards,

the of Royal management Daynes, W. a Reorganized St. and Gila the from Branch Joseph Stake I I of the son pioneer merchant.

and Cruces President Las and Lordsburg Branches released Ruth as Fox May

Everything from to "Pipe a I 5 Organ a the from president States of the Western Mission. Central, General of Board Young is Tin this Whistle"sold leading firm by Eden, Kimball, Globe, Emery, Mutual Miami, Improvement Pima, Women's Association, of music I merchants the with I very best

Lucy Grant Cannon, formerly first counAshurst, Bryce, Thatcher Wards retained of manufacturers represented.

I I in selor, Stake. president; appointed the St. Joseph Mrs. Helen orders, Mail for especially sheet music Phoenix first Stake created Spencer Williams appointed by a division of coun- I of I all kinds musicians'and supplies, are

the Maricopa Stake selor and 27, Mrs. on February Verna W. Goddard apThe pointed embraces Glendale, new stake counselor. second Papago, 1938. I forgivensamplecarefulcopiesand ofpromptnew andattention.well knownWrite I

for music Mutuals, Relief Societies 1st, Phoenix and 2nd, 3rd, and and Temple I I Mission Organized New all organizations. Church 1st, Lehi, Wards. 2nd, 3rd, 4th, Mesa and the two From Germanspeaking missions I I Gilbert, Chandler, and Pine retained Wards (GermanAustrian Swiss and and German) in the Stake. Maricopa I 5 three units mission created new to were be Largest of stock Sheet Music and Muas the known SwissAustrian Mission, pre-!! I sicians'supplies in the Stake Presidents Intermountain Appointed New sided over E. by Thomas with McKay, West. Vernal C. appointed president of I I Webb Basel, headquarters at Switzerland; East the to Jordan Stake West succeed Almon Mission, presided German over Alfred by I I Butterfield. T. C. Rees, with Berlin; at headquarters and Alfred presiChambers appointed W. Mission, presided German West over by dent the of newly organized Smithfield Kelly, Philemon DAYNES with headquarters at M.

Stake. | MUSIC Frankforton-theMain, \ COMPANY Germany.

James Riley appointed president Hyrum So. 47 Street—Salt Main City, Lake Utah 5

jl Mission Presidents New of the to Stake succeed Weber President Matthew appointed to Cowley president Successors of George Browning. E.

the Zealand to Mission Consolidated succeed PresiNew Music Company Spencer Kimball appointed president of dent Charles M. Wood. and the newly organized Stake. Mount Graham appointed to James Judd preside over Daynes Beebe Music Company Jesse A. Udall appointed president of the Australian to Mission succeed Presithe \ organized newly St. Stake. Joseph dent Rees. D. Thomas Price Robert James appointed president

R. Kenneth Stevens appointed to preside of the newlyorganized Phoenix Stake.

the over Tahitian to Mission succeed PresLorenzo Wright appointed president of ident L. Thomas Woodbury. the to Maricopa Stake succeed President Richard E. Folland to appointed preside Price. James Robert

the over South African Mission to succeed H. Fred appointed president Egan the of President P. LeGrand Backman. South to Summit Stake succeed President Douglas appointed to M. preside Wood Color Oblad. Zach J. New the over to Mission West German succeed

. President Philemon M. Kelly. New Wards Organized—charming new tints for your

New Temple Presidents Evanston 2nd Ward, Woodruff Stake, home, are ready for you in the

President Harold S. Snow appointed to created by a division of the Evanston Ward.

preside over the St. George Temple to Grant Ward, Los Angeles Stake, created

succeed President George F. Whitehead. by a division of Maywood Ward of that

Castle H. Murphy appointed to preside stake.

over the Hawaiian Temple to succeed Montebello Ward, Los Angeles Stake,

President Edward L. Clissold. created by a division of the Eastmont Ward.

Smithfield 4th Smithfleld Ward, Stake, Appointed to New Member General created division by a of Smithfield 1st Committee Church Welfare Program Ward.

Elder John A. Widtsoe appointed an Bountiful Third and Orchard Wards,

advisor to the General Welfare (Security) South Davis Stake, were created by

Committee. ing Bountiful First, Second, and dividSouth exquisite, exclusive colors of

C. Orval Stott appointed as field repreBountiful Wards of that stake.

sentative. Roscoe W. Eardley appointed Duncan Ward, Mount Graham Stake,

storehouse supervisor. was created by a division of Franklin Ward

Other Special Appointments of that stake. Bennett's S. Joseph released Peery and Joseph Independent Branches Made Wards

appointed to Cannon preside over theJ. Hayward Ward, Oakland Stake, formTemple Block in Mission Salt City, Lake erly Independent branch. with headquarters at the l/iff of Bureau InforRomeo Ward, Luis San Stake, formerly mation: Brother Peery retained as Bureau Paint independent branch. manager. Boulder City Ward, Stake, Moapa P. Richard Condie as appointed assistant formerly independent branch. Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir leader to sucfor all surfaces,ceed D. Sterling Wheelwright. New Independent Branches Ask for the FREEinsidelargeandcoloroutside.chips

for matching with drapes, caryour Belle Mrs. Smith Spafford appointed Evans Elder Branch, Box Stake, created pets, etc. editor of the Relief Society from to Magazine a dependent branch of Bear River

At All Dealers Bennettsucceed Connelly Kimball, Mary deceased. Ward.

Elder and Mrs. Joseph A. McRae apFlagstaff Branch, Snowflake Stake, crepointed to preside over the Church landated from a branch dependent on Winslow BENNETT GLASS &

at Carthage, Illinois.mark Ward. Lester F. Hewlett appointed to succeed Pittsburgh Branch, Oakland Stake, crePAINT CO.

Bishop David A. Smith as president of the ated from a branch formerly dependent on Salt Lake CitySalt Lake Tabernacle Choir. {Concluded on page 316) Martinez Ward.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1938

The Church Takes Human Liberties and the

L. D. S. Training Doesn't Cost

Stock of Itself Gospel of Jesus Christ

IT PAYS! {Concluded from page 315) {Continued from page 267)

West Suburban Branch, Chicago Stake, of the Gospel of Jesus Christ, spirit Your Future Ward.created by a division of the Logan Square which teaches that man, the

of in the with him, beginning was Branch, Stake, Duchesne created Utah DEPENDS UPON is in truth Christ that God; Jesus dependent a from formerly of branch

Your Preparation DuchesneRains Branch,Ward. Carbon Stake, created by hisspring"elderof Brother;"Deity, throughthat as freethe offac-

a division of the Standardville Branch. ceptance of and adherence to the

Lordsburg Branch, Mount Graham Stake, eternal law of progress, man's contaken from branch in Western States Misgenital immortality may unfold till sion.

he reaches the plane achieved by

Wards Disorganized his "elder brother."This, the very

essence of the theology of the LatFrankburg Ward, Lethbridge Stake, dister-day Saints, is flatly denied by organized, members moved away.

Rockport Ward, Summit Stake, disorthe authoritarian whose chief exponganized and annexed to Wanship Ward. ent has said that the ideal of happiWidtsoe Ward, Garfield Stake, disorness and indefinite progress is a

ganized and annexed to Antimony Ward. "myth,"and the inevitable conseStake, disconWard, Curlew Mt. View

tinued transferred to and membership other quence of whose teaching is the exwards of Church. altation of the barbarities of paganism over the humane precepts of the

Branches Disorganized Son of Man.

Coutts Branch, Taylor Stake, disorgan- A NY system of government which ized and made dependent branch of Raydepends for its continuance mond First Ward.

Centerdale Branch, Bear River Stake, upon the compelled obedience of discontinued. any considerable part of its citizens

Wheatland Branch, Malad Stake, disis foredoomed to ultimate failure, continued and membership sent to other because it is violative of the prinwards of Church. ciple of freedom, which is a GodThose Who Have Passed Away given quality, coextensive with life,

and, like life, one of man's inalienJohn F. Bennett, member of Church Auditable rights.

ing Committee Senior and Member of The people of America have been General School Board. Sunday

Mary Connelly Kimball, editor of Relief the freest people on earth precisely

Society Magazine and member of Relief because more of the activities of life

Society Board. General She was former selfdirection to here have been left for preparation best entrance The editor of and Young Journal Woman's than the case has been anywhere is into the business world a thorof Y. Board. member I. A. M. W.

ough course of training in STENOGWilliam Henry Smart, former president else and the domain occupied by

RAPHY. ACCOUNTING, or GENof the Eastern States Mission and of the government has been correspondingERAL OFFICE WORK. Wasatch, Uintah, Duchesne, and Roosevelt ly more circumscribed. It is an

Stakes. certainty that the long experience, express our excelOur Lucy Emily Woodruff Smith, wife of historical lent buildings and equipment, the framers of the purpose of Conand Apostle George Albert Smith.

staff teoching are our competent first H. secretary of the Goddard, stitution Hyrum of the States United was

this is that right your the assurance first Y. M. M. L A. it to establish under govern- a obtain busiplace your for you to Baxter, Lotta Paul former member the for their protection of of ment training. ness Relief Society General Board.

liberties. Its highest newly won Giles, of Professor Henry E. Music and

for return Fill out and the coupon Assistant organist to Tabernacle free sanctions free press, speech, are John J. of information courses, rates about recent In McClellan. years has served as free elections, legislature, a free a tuition, etc. service, employment the of conductor Folks Choir. Old limitajudiciary free a definite and Tingey, former Martha general Home

Louisa Clark, Mary the lives over Woolley mother LD.S. president of the Y. W. M. I. A. tion upon the powers of government Business of President Clark, J. Reuben modernistic the ofdespotisms—undermen. All these first Wells, Heber Manning Jr. Governor whatever name—deny. State of of Utah. College

Willard Telle Cannon, vice president Latterday Saints believe that of and general manager UtahIdaho Sugar Street 70 North Main principles these divine are and that former President and of NetherCity, Salt Lake the into formulated them men who Mission. Utah Companylands

David Bennion, Star Valley Stake Clerk. a system of government were acting

L. D. Eardley, of bishop S. BUSINESS James COLLEGE: inspiration the of the Al- W. Baker under

Salt City, Lake Utah in Stake. Union Ward in the of mighty, majesty whose Please Gentlemen: send a copy of me bishop David Haun, M. Jordan of West the booklet, "Planning Your Future."into name every comes man who Stake. Jordan Ward, West

Name: Ward,E. RayEastBeck,JordanbishopStake.of Sandy Third officethat heunderwill itpreservebinds himselfand defendby oathit.

president John Peterson, Address: of Bay Ridge Here we clasp hands with the honBranch, Stake. New York Richard Ott, bishop of Tropic Ward, orable Hatton W. Sumners, chairPanguitch Stake. man of the judiciary committee of

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1938

HUMAN LIBERTIES AND THE GOSPEL OF JESUS CHRIST the House of Representatives of ization of its design. No amount of preserved. Long ago John Stuart

the United States, who recently despotic terrorism can cause a seed Mill wrote: "A people may prefer

said: "They were great men who to unfold into a tree. a free government, but if from indosat in the Constitutional Convention Our institutions which protect us lence or carelessness or want of pubbut it has been withheld from human in our freedom of thought and of lic spirit they are unequal to the

genius to write the constitution of worship were the product of a thouexertion necessary for its preserva- a living government. It never has sand years of struggle against tytion; if they can be deluded by the

been done and never will be in a ranny. But they have no guarantee artifices used to cheat them out of

creative sense. Our Constitution of immortality except such guaranit; if by temporary panic or a fit

came from the same source that tee as inheres in the will and the fitof enthusiasm for an individual, trees came from. * * * The people ness of our people to be free. they can be induced to lay their

no longer believe that there lived Freedom is not bestowed; it is liberties at the feet of even a great

at one time a group of supermen, achieved. It is not a gift, but a conman or trust him with powers which

who met in a convention and out of quest. It does not abide; it must be {Concluded on page 319)

their own creative genius fashioned the constitution of a living government. * * * The fact of it is our

Constitution is worthy of all reverFOR TIME AND ETERNITY ence among a people who love liberty, because it came from God Al- {Concluded from page 269) mighty."Parenthetically may I remark that in this sabrerattling, day. If you want to keep your wife Then as your children come, see that

demagogueshouting. Deitybanish- in your home for always, make sure they are each given a Book of Reing age of arrogant selfsufRciency, that she is happier there, undermembrance early in life that therein

it is refreshing to hear words of hustood more completely, cherished they may keep their precious recmility issuing from the mouth of one more tenderly than she could posords and note important events.

in high station. sibly be anywhere else on earth. Thus they may learn to take pride

This rule applies equally to the wife; in their family and do their part to

"pREEDOM signifies more than a reshe must be more charming and keep their record clean and honorlease from outward restraint. It lovable as the years pass if she able. This will help you and them

is an essence, a quality of the spirit would keep her husband's love from also.

in rarest blossoms, anwhose is successful atwandering. Marriage I rejoice understanding in your oppression, wither of andmosphere only partners understand when both lives building that united your by is said Maxey: by Justice die. As well their as obligations as mutual

will right the beginning from you prevailed, autocracy has"Wherever privileges their use and wisdom and thought has been enslaved, society intelligence in making their united enjoy the most lasting happiness stratified into castes and enterprise lives a bit of heaven on earth. throughout your lives here and

discouraged. The era of Autocracy One of my personal gifts to you hereafter. There is no deeper joy

Ascendant was the 'dark ages of is to be a Family Record Book, so than the knowledge that you and the world.'Progress came only that you may begin keeping your your true mate are united for Time

when shackles began to be loosed important family events in order. and all Eternity.

from minds and chains from limbs."

In our conception, the whole purpose and object of life is to achieve individual perfection through the potentialindividual ofunfolding ripening of all the virGOOD NEWS for Anyone Interested In ities and the horiof extensiontues. Learning,

of EFFECTIVE WRITING of vision, poisezons, expansion character, serenity of soul—these WISE USE OF LEISURE

fruits ofcoveted the spirit—are the PROBLEMS OF CHILDHOOD AND YOUTH

free acts. of voluntaryconsequence

In the foul and noisome air of desWRITERS'ROUNDUP. Addressed by prominent magazine editors and authors.

19. 18 of writers'problems. Discussions July and potism they may neither quicken

conducted Only one TRAINING SCHOOL. RECREATION nor flower. They are outside the National Recreation Association. National experts. Music,in Westnaturethisactivities,summer artsby

power of human bestowal or coerand crafts. June 13—July 22.

cion; they are in the realm of freeCONFERENCE ON ELEMENTARY EDUCATION. Famous authorities such as Dr.

dom. As these transcend physical William H. Kilpatrick. June 2024.

acquisitions in value, so the prinAll the above will be held in connection with the B. Y. U. Summer Session,

ciple of freedom transcends the powwhich is bringing to Utah an unequalled group of experts in many lines of instruction.

er of force or compulsion. First Term Alpine Term

in the It is said that seed is a June 13—July 22 July 25—August 27

tree. of the Planted design complete

in fertile soil, moistened by gently For catalog, write Dean, Summer Session rains, caressfalling by the warmed sun, effulgent ing rays of an it unBRIGHAM YOUNGPROVO, UTAH UNIVERSITY folds: roots, trunk, branches, blossoms and fruit, the completed real317

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1938

Solution to April Puzzle Scriptural Crossword Puzzle—The Gospel Teacher (Luke 4:14)

S T T s H U Si R 7m i T N H N M B V N A U Gl R W

N D U N u H

eX=><><=X><=><>C2<>C2K>C>!><3K>C=>C5<><=><><=><>C>!><0<C>

ACROSS

1 Island owned by United States 35 "live, and move, and have our..."

4 Traitor, such as Judas became 38 "Sir, come down... my child

11... he said unto them"die"

12 and when... had opened the 39 Yes (G.)

book"40 Fly aloft 13 and... them on the sabbath 42 Type measure

days"43 "Herein is my Father..."

14 bored a hole in the of it"45 Scare away 15 Christ rode on one 47 Canadian province 17 No good 48 "For he taught them as... hav18 "the place where was written"ing authority"

is day Abraham's this scripture fulfilled 50 home ( (m?r<7 <9 me 19 "This... ears"your "the gracious 51 words which pro20 "They have... reward"ceeded out... his mouth"

Jjnae... 2124 CoalThis haulingchapter distanceof Luke(Eng.)contains 5356 "and"... theyelse werehe will..hold. amazed"to the one"

Christ's lineage 57 Sunday School \E are prepared, now, 26 "helee"preached in the. of Gali58 The Holy Land

more than ever before, 30 "but deliver us from Our Text from Luke is 11, 12, 13, to supply you with the 32 Giving up a right 19, 20, 26, 35, 43, 51, and 53 comsmartest and most 34 Hawkeye State bined modem wedding stationery. New styles, new DOWN

types, new methods of 1 "And Jesus, walking by the sea 29 As below (L.)

..."of 31 of By way treatment are constantly

"... heart to fear. therefore Cassar the thy name"33 my unto being developed faith to bring 23 "...". to virtue"your Caesar's"things. which be

smartness and style to this 4 A thing 35 Hoot feature of your great ad- 5 Luke is in this part of the Bible 36 Merit each of Half 6 37 Rainbow venture. are And prices

of Naphtali 7 Son have "what to do with thee, Gen. 46: 24 39 we Call most reasonable. Afflict or 8 thou of Nazareth."...

write today. 9 Deadhead 40 Vessel

10 AGershonite Levite; thine (anag.) 41 "And... closed the book"

12 One of Ezra's helpers Neh. 8: 7 43 "because I... unto my Father"

.. of.,timeand thou shalt live"Cke Jjeseret CHews Jrress 1619 PastoralStalk aboutpoem(Dial. Eng.) 4446 "thisPeriods

... entered 29 Richards Street, 2223 "sevenSouthernchurchesstate which are in..."49 "untilinto thethe ark"day that

Salt Lake City 25 River of France 52 Note prophet 27 "No "and, is accepted in his 53... his custom was"

The leading printers in the West for Eighty years... country"54 Army officer

28 Choke 55 Life begins this way

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1938

Human Liberties and the exceptfering, byby gentlenesspersuasion,andby meekness,longsuf- xi'o-o-a(t-M-i i-<i-io-a<)-fl

Gospel of Jesus Christ and by love unfeigned; by kindness ROOFING COSTS |

and pure knowledge, and {Concluded Ivom page 317) could not with exercised impunity be that it ARE LESS!

gratify pride or ambition instituto theirenable to subvert him or to When You Use gain unjust control or compulsion tions, liberty."unfit for are they

Today, before our very eyes, this upon the souls of men. OLD AMERICAN

process has been enacted. We have Selfgovernment involves selfPRODUCTS

witnessed the spectacle of effete control, selfdiscipline, an acceptShingles, Roll Roofing, Roof Paints.

legislative bodies, after having for ance of and the most unremitting Water Proofing, Asphalt Felts. Expan-

a time gone through the hollow form obedience to correct principles. Its sion Joint. Concrete Curing,

registeringof will the of one are commensurate with who demands ASPHALT its AMERICAN seizedhas their absorbed and privileges. inhigh the are powDuties CORP. ROOFers, voting their with cheers rights. exseparable of companions own No 2663 WAS.tinction. to a nation's menace other of The requires form governmentfreedom lies within. Its destruction so high a degree of individual mor- J

does not come from without. ality. "It is ordained in the eternal

"VX/hen signing the Constitution, constitution of things,"said Burke, "that of intemperate canminds men ESTABLISHED Franklin said that the govCHARGE GUESTS—ONE TWO free."misthe not be It is one ofernment it created "can only Seventh the center end and Broadway, LOCATION:

sions of foster the in to Church of shops shows. men andin despotism the people * * * when in furnishings, For you atmosphere COMFORT: virtues, those there without which service. and so corruptedbecome as a to need

or guests in room. two POLICY: One Same can selfgovernment, the be no anddespotic government, being incapprice. rate. double No

is alternative to the mentally which bath. with BATES: Roomsable other."of any

sterilizing Choice spiritually of scourge is So important the principle of and or Double Twins Bed—Double tyranny.liberty, it is so essential to man's $2.50 $3.00 $3.50 prindespotic import Before wehigher selfrealization so inexand Worry""No Bargaining—No ciples into our are which own land,orably necessary President Frank R. Wilson, to dignity the of

his status as the issue of Deity that so raucously clamoring for admisbetter count the HOTEL would LANKERSHIM wethe Himself does sion, omnipotent God costs. Three ago I read one weeks LOS ANGELESnot countenance compulsion. Ample

ancient and modern evidences of morning the sickening, revolting this have been scripturally recordstory of an old world trial where it of the mockery rendered wased. For example, the Prophet when... the U/E cruel of the more outobservance by OffERSamuel old the grown was people COMPLETE A legal form of but devoid everyof Israel requested of that him SERVICE he ward ENGRAVING

semblance of justice as known portraits to Missionary to From the largest king to themmake a judge them catalogues. sole offense of the freemen. The"like all the Orders Mail nations."Attention. Given Prompt Samuel was

pohtical disagreement wasdisturbed, thinking Israel that had accused CO. UTAH ENGRAVING will with of the dictator. the Then 113 Regent St. Salt Lake City, Utahrepudiated him, but the Lord cominto a I walked States Court Unitedforted him these with words:

"Hearken unto the voice of the where a grand jury was being impeople in all that they say unto thee, panelled. It comprised sixteen men

for they have not rejected thee, but of the district of varied stations in rAKBoueirAraisfti)"THIBtJSITHE R.L.Polk&Co.

hfe. instructed that were unThey Directory Publishersthey have rejected that me, I should Pt. Established in the Utah der Constitution could no one reignnot over ''them."Certainly owSTntwuM be 'fi mtoiREcrony 1890 called to for answer offense an isthere nothing of here compulsion **'District Office against the except Government upon parton the omnipotent. of One City Lake 405 Dooly Block—Salt

Closer to us in time, there is a presentment by a grand jury; and

like example of the Lord's respect that they alone, without fear or favor, to the regard station withoutfor liberty the of men. years Nine Visit The

it of the accused, low, or high beafter the organization of the Church Mormon Handicraft Shop.. - without extraneous influence of anyof Christ Jesus of Latterday Saints Sponsored by

(which event occurred April 6, sort, but solely upon the evidence, The L. D. S. Relief Society,

1830) came the revealed law that must decide whether indictments and located on the upper floor of the should BUREAU INFORMATION OFthe Priesthood of God, the governbe returned. Thank God for Attractive useful arand Handmade liberty. ticles for sale,ing suitable authority of the for gifts and Church, neither

could nor ought to be maintained May we, and all the generations souvenirs.

to come, be as heroic in its preservation as were the fathers in its estabLet me do your IRONING just hshment, that in all our land freedom ENROLL(Commence Later if Desired)NOV one week! signed—Frod Schoss. may abide forever. $25. Discount on a Complete

fronrife COURSEA StateINAccreditedBEAUTY SchoolCULTURE

Takes you off your feet, ask for free demonstraOgden of Beauty School Culture lion Over Egyptian Theatre OGDEN, UTAH

SCHOSS ELECTRIC CO. Name

Ogden. Utah

Address City State 319.

ImcamWi LET'S SAY IT CORRECTLY CHURCH SECURITY

AWFUL—is an adjective, meaning literally aweinspiring, TOMMY,a cherryagesucker,three, whenwas sittingNorma, onagethesix,backcamestepfromenjoyingschool.

majestic, and terrible. Awful is not in good usage in Norman: "Oh, Tommy, give me some of your sucker."

such statements as the following: "awfully good time,""awful Tommy: "No it's mine."

cold,""awful pretty."Get The Tyranny of Words, by Norma: "But please give me just a little. Don't you know

Stuart Chase, from your neighboring library, if you can't all good IVIormons are supposed to divide what they have with buy it, and learn to distinguish words. folks who haven't any?

all away.""But I wants Tommy:

of it—goAren't some. you a good little Norma: "Please give me

THANKS FOR THE PRIESTHOOD SECTION Mormon?"Tommy: "No, I dess not, I'se jes a little human person."

by Eliza M. Wakefield.—Submitted I offer magazine, on our comments The a few

a as the magazine, the past year In Era. NowImprovementmay

it is opinion on In whole, has than improved 100%. more my KIND, DADDY? WHICH

cover, to national as best magazines, of the the par very a with is five: EiD, tomorrow?"day aged "What

It etc. is certainly a etc.) as such Time, Redbook. makeup,

is Sunday.""Tomorrow Daddy: its merits. all R purely on recommend, can magazine own we We

it "Is or Reid: Sunday, Fast a slow Daddy?'a I it! the Elders'quorum, counselor of as like second And,

Just Reid. by Agnes Sunday—Submitted detailed active, the enlarged, appreciate and say must we

Melchizedek Priesthood sections which have been appearing < since the December, last, issue. Good work! JUSTIFIED

yours, Sincerely told cards, shouldn't that he play he

L. M. there Mother, Jensen. WHENobjected.Tommy"Well,was must not anything be

Cowley, Wyoming. wrong with playing cards—even angels do it. My Sunday

School teacher says that everyone will surely wake up when

FROM GERMANY Gabriel plays his trump."—Submitted by Marion Piatt.

Leipzig, Germany, > AFTER reading "Companionship,"appearing in the SeptemDOMESTIC SITUATION ber issue of the Era, I thought how: "It says here that the Eskimos use

companions depends on the so much we have—ortrue that choose.is; our life SHEfishhooks(with newspaper)for money."

Every young member of the Church of Jesus Christ, who He: "Gee! It must be tough on their wives getting fishhooks

is choosing the companions for his life, should read and then out of hubby's pocket while he's sleeping."

reread this article. Since being in the mission field, with the She: "Oh, well, the nights are six months long up there,

opportunity to see a little more of the world, I can understand dear."Boston Transcript.

the necessity of having the right companions. Such articles make the Era really interesting to me, and it is with anticipation that I wait for the Era on the first of each month. I wish HELLO

to express my thanks to the said the warden, "you back again?"Era and especially to Dr. Adam 4i WHAT,"S. Bennion.

letters?""Yeh. Weeklu Any News {Auckland, Sincerely,

Grant R. Lamb, N. Z.)

East German Mission.

<—NO CONTEST

FROM SWITZERLAND RAIN AGAIN, and a cold dark day. No blue sky, no beautiful

white clouds, no children on the walks, no farmers in the green fields, just a lonely dull day. Staying at home, reading,

studying and getting little done, feeling blue all day until....

The Improvement Era just arrived. Am I still blue?

How could one be blue with the Era to read? This book

brings more joy to the Elders than any other religious magazine they might read. We all watch for it and devour

the contents. Educational editorials, interesting items, Words

of Wisdom, pleasing poetry, illustrious illustrations, stirring stories, a joy in every picture, and wisdom on every page, it is truly the leading magazine for the "Youth"of this age.

Elder Daryl Huish.

I fighting wife. for with Tell, see you're **'\T back your Sam, FROM DUSSELDORF, GERMANY

again?"Liquor

Feb. 10. 1938. dis sah, time."she Earth "No, Jedge, Mover The licked me Dear Brethren:

III. ) ( Aurora,

the choicest always one Era at home was of my WHILE its field in the mission but has 'value magazines to me increased immeasurably. Many of our friends and members MODERN SENTINEL

who read English await anxiously, as do we missionaries, Commander: "Now, suppose you are on your post one dark

the arrival of each new issue. We only regret that there night. Suddenly a person appears from behind and wraps

isn't a German edition of it that we could use it even more two strong arms around you so that you can't use your rifle.

extensively for proselyting purposes. What will you call then?"

Elder Richard E. J. Frandsen. Cadet: "Let go. Honey."Illinois Siren.

'5vDu:4 CUPS

SALAD PLATES SAUCERS

Orange Yellow Blue Green

Beautiful Pottery!

The top of each Giant Size Premium package tells the kind and color of thePar Soap pottery piece inside.

GIANT SIZE PREMIUM PACKAGEY Now you can have a set of beautiful, practical, Parma Pottery, easily t... economically. At your grocers you will find the new GIANT

Size PREMIUM package of PAR... the soap that soaks clothes

whiter, makes dishes sparkle, and is actually good for the hands!

In each of these EXTRA large, Giant Size Premium packages of Par GiantPremium Size you'll find either a graceful cup, a salad plate, or a saucer. You can Every package constart right now to build your set of this desirable California pottery. tainsParmaa Pottery,piece of lovelyeither

For, in addition to the cups, salad plates, and saucers which are packed ora cup,a saucer.a salad plate,

in Giant Size Premium Par ADDED PIECES /t/iio 5/ VEGETABLE DISH PLATTER DINNER PLATES CREAM SOUPS BREAD AND BUTTER PLATES SUGAR BOWL CREAM PITCHER Large Size You can get these pieces in exchange for the tabs which cover the pouring Contains no pottery.

spouts on "Large"size packages of Par, or for wrappers from Par Cake Soap Theing spouttab on (ofthe THISpour-

.. Castile, cents. few plus a this SIZEor Parma you Thus set of ONLY) can make up a whole PAR

. plus a cents few

"lesslovely Pottery for half"ordinarily Parma than what you would pay. entitles to.of you one.

In the meantime you'll be using the finest soaps science can make. theof ParmaadditionalPottery.pieces

at Your Grocers!

state capitol Valley, at Idaho. Idaho. Boise, near Sun Majestic Sawtooth Mountains

Pacific (Photo courtesy Union Pacific Piatt at the gardens Depot Union of the part Railroad.) Top—ImpressiveCenter—Howard(O. S. L.) are railway scenic most of one

attractive Union Pacific Depot which has Bottom—Boise'sstations of the country.

attention. received wide

QompUnuiydtA. to OJsudsihyL QdaPw

Faith in the wealth and progress of Western Idaho has resuHed beneficially for those rugged individuals who have caused your section of the state to advance. Your mining,

agricuhure, and natural resources mean wealth in their development. Your scenic lakes

and mountains and recentlydeveloped Sun Valley are of vdde renown. Your capital,

Boise, is one of the most attractive cities of the country. BENEFICIAL LIFE INSURANCE

COMPANY COMPLIMENTS YOU—WESTERN IDAHOl

R. F. COTTLE—General Agent

OFFICE—421 Idaho Building. Boise. Idaho

B. B. Black—Boise, Idaho R. F. Brannock—Ontario, Oregon

Barr N. Smith—Boise, Idaho J. Alden Thomson—Boise. Idaho

Franklin B. Smith—Boise, Idaho Geo. S. Tanner—Moscow, Idaho

Raymond C. Baum—Union, Oregon Cecil W. Morgan—Nampa, Idaho

E. B. Woodward—Baker, Oregon Velma Sample—Weiser, Idaho

Scott B. Brown—Weiser. Idaho

MSMB mPAM Home Office—BeneficiAl Life Building, Salt Lake City, Utah

HEBER J. grant. President