mprooern&nf

JUNE, 1931 RETURN POSTAGE GUARANTEED

Answering Tobacco's Challenge By PRES. HEBER J. GRANT

Seeing Hawaii from the Sky By GEORGE D. PYPER

Fossil Fabric

By MRS. VILATE RAILE

The Answer

By MRS. GENET BINGHAM DEE

A rHHILLING MOMENT

Photograph of a woman eookir.;

the evening meal

all at hot of supply constant a with complete, you more Is enjoyable, more1IFE the to turn need only times. You leisure faucet—andwater of glorious hours have you when j flows! water hot the have you SHOULDN'T day. every Why advancountless the of a just few are These good to read music, your with keep to ontime reservice. This Gas Natural of tages modern

real com- a activities, to be social to enjoybooks, and smokeless fuel stokeless—clean the have children? CAN You your topanion economical. surprisingly and dependable is—markable—givdo, by mothers other of thousands astime, waterheating, it all for Use purposes—cooking,

ing over the tasks of cooking and waterheating automatic househeating, automatic refrigeration to Natural Gas. and sanitary incineration, and you get the low

An automatic Natural Gas range cooks an wholesale rate.

entire meal while you are away from the kitchen. Investigate further. Drop in at your nearest

Cooks it perfectly, surely, economically! An Natural Gas office, or phone for a representative

automatic Natural Gas waterheater provides to call and give you all particulars.

THE IDEAL FUEL

FOR ALL PURPOSES CO, GAS CO. WASATCH 6-COKE GAS UTAH FARMINSTON Salt Lake City Serving SerlAYSVILLE LAYTON

MAGNA CENTERVILLE MURRAY GARFIELD GAS OGDEN SANDY MORGAN COMPANY BOUNTIFULTOOELEMIDVALE Ogden Serving

The Improvement Era for June, 1931 441 nfli - -

"THE LAPSED POLICY"

hardest thing an insurance official has to do is tell this story to THEthe helpless widow who has depended on insurance money for security and independence.

Be sure that your loved ones are not left in want because you have neglected

LIFE Pacificlife insuranceNationalor LifebecauseAssuranceyou haveCompanylet YOURis homeownedPOLICY LAPSE..and homeoffice red.

Your insurance premiums are invested through them in home securities and?A friend of; home institutions. Liberal and progressive policy contracts meet your every

thefamilyj requirement.

nfcenafrknd Is needed Our courteous representatives will call upon invitation and offer you counsel for a complete insurance program.

Write or phone today.

Ptriftr National fitfe &&mxmitv GI0.

Home Office Deseret Bank Building, Salt Lake City, Utah. Phone Wasatch 3947

OFFICERS DIRECTORS CARL R. MARCUSEN, President OlufR. L. LarsonBird CharlesMichael R.BarclaySpencer

J. L. Firmage Heber Nielson O. G. Bates A, J. Dean Charles Redd William J. Lowe D. A. Taylor

George A. Holt Jackson Henry

. VicePresidents A. M. Cheney W. L. Shattuck

T. Oldroyd L. Loll M. Director J. Medical Middleton, Morris, Secretary George and Treasurer Dr. L.Nephi W.

Lehi E. Jones Blodgett D. W. Birrell, Clair Policy Office Department Peterson, Manager Manager H.Ray Peter Clegg Piatt Samuel

Asst. E. Gamette, Auditor SecTreasurer H. Agency Chamberlain,Ann James Peterson M. Strandberg R. A.

Coates and Herfurth, Consulting Actuaries H. T. Hedden

442 The Improvement Era for June, 1931

fORECAS"

erf wife was Asenath,TTHO the Qhe ( improvement into sold ** Joseph who was A. Beesley Clarissa Ballard Melvin J. has been question ThisEgypt? Business Manager "ERAAssociate Business Manager for to many, disturbingsomewhat

they wonder how one from a race O. B. Peterson, Ass't. Business Manager

into which the chosen people were George Q. Morris

Taylor Grant Rachel become could to marryforbidden Publicity and Era and MaChairmen of Ephraimthe mother question was recentlynasseh. This

President Anthony to W. Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, the Mutual Improvementput Education Department the of Associations and thorhis customaryIvins. With

Association Improvement Mutual Men's the Young 1930, Copyright, by subject the into goes heoughness Saints Latterday Christ of Jesus of the of Church Corporation the permit to enoughand is kind answer to be published in the Era.

Page Author Title is the ANCHOR"CTRANGE Editorials* story, unusual title a very of Antoine L. Pratt; Brigham Young; Rey Mormonism; A Stable Rich, P. of Stella the penfrom J. 44344 Cannon Hugh Ivins R. Antoine

one of our well known writers. Commencement Elsie T. Brandley 444

It will appear next month. A Answering Tobacco's Challenge Pres. Heber J. Grant 445

boy could not face an apple tree Utah Supreme Court Speaks Regarding Tobacco Advertising covered with pure blossoms beAtt. Oscar W. Carlson 449

cause of the thoughts which were President Rey L. Pratt Melvin J. Ballard 451

heart, and Antoinein his but—well, wait

story. theread Facing Life.-—V.Ridgeway Ivins Dr. Adam S. Bennion 45452*

Seeing Hawaii from the Sky Geo. D. Pyper 454

Additional Internal Evidence of the Authenticity of the Book of MorJB. Ball 45 7XTARRISON R. MERRILL, mon. I.

Grant 460 E. by Early Trappers Carter to Perils Encountered introduction needs no who 464 Evelyn Wood Hero (A Story) us with is favoring A Real readers,Era

another story, "The Spirit of the Fossil Fabric (A Story) -Vilate Raile 467

Mountains."The Answer (A Story) Genet Bingham Dee 468

Locher, Jr. 472 Louis Era in Every Home -"lotfaJSs* The

Articles (Summaries of Outstanding Magazine Glancing Through in Ken- a woman NaylorRECENTLY.....Elsie T. Brandley 473 475 R. Adah Meals for HealthPlanning Foods experemarkable a had tucky 476 a Poetry her within arousedrience which Frost Ingles Grace Rose The of something to hear desirestrong Nietson Virginia Mountains Wasatch

"Mormonism."She had never met Success Mpha J. Taylor

a member of this Church, but was Westerner's Heaven Arthur T. Jolliffe

so impressed with what had ocThe MoonBow - Linda S. Fletcher

curred that she wrote to the ChamSummer—L. E. Flack

ber of Commerce in Salt Lake City Expectant Valley Vesta P. Crawford

with the request that her letter be Love's Light Christie Lund given to the proper parties. The Church Music Committee 477

communication was turned over Priesthood Quo rums 479 to the Bureau of Information. A Mutual Messages

correspondence followed, and now Executive Department 480 this woman and some of her famHistorical Sketch of Box Elder Girls'Camp 483 ily are members of the Church. Ensign Stake Gleaners'Banquet 484

The Era is fortunate in being able For her Trousseau 484 to give to its readers a copy of the Report of Accomplishment 485 original letter and some additional A Mocking Bird Pres. A. W. Ivins 495

matter relating to this experience. Sea Gulls Vesta P. Crawford 502

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as secondclass matter.

section 1103, for in rate provided of special postage at for mailing story, "The Acceptance CHARMING A 1918. 2, July authorized 1917, October, Act of** the Way,"Little House Across are rates,"statement, the "At usual without submitted Manuscriptsby Florence Hartman Townsend sidered free contributions. Photographs, unless their return is especiallyconis already in the hands of our ilrequested, will be destroyed.

lustrators and will appear in the Published monthly at Salt Lake City by the M. I. A. General Boards;

next number. It will be read with $2 per annum. Address: Room 406 Church Office Building.

much interest.

I IE ID L A Hugh J. Cannon Elsie Talmage Brandley

Managing Editor Associate Editor

Heber J. Grant, Editor

clearly pointed out. Of course there can be no

change, without serious loss, in anything which is A Stable Mormonism fundamental.

a swiftlymov- TN every age it has seemed to be the fate of the We are living in conditions which *ng The -* worsuffer persecution. Christ to of At times Church A Sure., are meet today to the has Church periods usually intense, these this has been and have pIrUiae existdifferent those vastly from a breathing be termed followed been might by what

spell. The bitter hatred which prevailed in many ing in 1830. The Almighty, forquarters until recent years, and which mention of seeing in his divine wisdom the need of changes,

the word "Mormon"almost invariably aroused, has provided a way by which necessary modifications in great measure disappeared. Much prejudice has can be made with safety. He placed in his Church,

been removed, and, speaking generally, the most disas an essential part thereof, prophets, seers, and revecouraging thing the Church has to encounter today is lators to whom he makes known his mind and will the spirit of indifference toward all things religious. In and who have the authority to meet any emergency.

contemplating this altered sentiment, it must be borne Speaking through the Prophet Joseph in 1831, this say: to has he have of the the world mental processes in mind that will the that not hear they the cometh day who "And or last a decade in the transformationundergone servants, neither voice neither the of his voice the of Lord,

people; the cut off from among of it. outside the and Church—intwo. The spirit of tolerance and liberality is abroad give heed to the words of the prophets and apostles, shall be from I mine ordinances, and have they have strayed "For a brings naturally joy to the hearts change Such

everlasting covenant."broken mine

of all broadminded people, and especially so to

Latterday Saints. This is a Gospel of peace and But as an additional safeguard, every worthy

salvation, and man's friendship and esteem must Latterday Saint may know truth from error; they

of necessity precede his conversion. In addition thererecognize the voice of the true shepherd, and cannot

to, it is much pleasanter to live in harmony with be led far astray.

our fellowmen than to have our feelings harrowed The history of the Church illustrates that the Lord up by contention. does things in his own way. In man's judgment

However, somewhere along the there would have been no comparison between the

Where liberne there is a point where proper qualifications of Joseph Smith as a restorer and some apostasy begins. ends and large already prelate educated had a highly whoamy|. enas, liberality is teU that point Who can Indeed, this to begin work. following with which hen

Serreached? In his memorable step the a taken been has hardly Church by

mon on the Mount, Christ says: "Woe unto you, that epochal event of April 6, 1830, the advisabilitysince

shall for speak so did well of you!when all men of jwhich would have been confirmed by human

their fathers to false prophets."the high Too a judgment.

if it is the friendship forprice is paid of the world as divine "Mormonism"instituted by The old principle. cost at the of true Latterpurchased Every modifications will as stand with such power,

day Saint desires to be broadminded and liberal. Lord, through his inspired servants, sees fit to introthe

Naturally a religion destined to save the world perduce. H. J. C.mits him to be as generous as was the Christ.

But it was the Savior himself who announced that "narrow is the way, which leadeth unto life;"

and with the same breath he declared that "broadis the way, that leadeth to destruction."It is well Brigham Young

to bear these declarations in mind.

There are certain fundamental things about "Mor- (\N June 1, 1801, one of the greatest leaders of monism"to discard which is to apostatize from the \f, men of any dispensation, Brigham Young, was truth. The Father and the Son revealed themselves born. Together with that of Joseph Smith, his

in vision to the boy Joseph Smith in answer to his name has become known for good or evil in all the fervent prayer. The Angel Moroni visited the youth civilized world. Volumes have been written about

and, after he was sufficiently prepared, delivered to him. Though maligned and ridiculed during his

him the plates from which the Book of Mormon lifetime, most of that which has appeared in recent was translated. Angelic messengers restored the years pays high tribute to his superior gifts. One

Priesthood which is the delegated authority of of these, we might say in passing, 5s an intensely

Almighty God and without which religious ordiinteresting work by his daughter Susa Young Gates, nances are as futile as the babbling of a little babe. the manuscript of which attracted the attention of

Ordinances and ceremonies inseparable from salvation conservative publishers in London and also in the were revealed anew, and the "narrow way"was United States and was deemed sufficiently meritorious 444 The Improvement Era for June, 1931

that they published it at their own expense. His Pratt, a granduncle of the late Rey L. Pratt, came

admirers, therefore, are not all within the Church. into the Salt Lake valley as the vanguard of the

With all the intensity of his soul, Brigham Young "Mormon"pioneers.

believed in the divine calling of Joseph Smith. If Antoine's father is President Anthony W. Ivins,

the Prophet's claims had no corroborative evidence of the First Presidency, who is admired for his other than the testimony of this clearthinking, pracwisdom, judgment, and remarkable breadth of tical man, it would still be entitled to credence, for knowledge and loved for his integrity and devotion, the pioneer leader was not one who could easily be from one end of the Church to the other. H. J. C.

misled.

In the estimation of the late George Q. Cannon,

who had excellent opportunities for judging, one of the greatest things about the subject of this sketch Commencement was his unwavering loyalty to the Prophet. Never

once did he permit a comparison to be made of his rTyHE Valedictory address had [been delivered and administration with that of his predecessor which -*- the hall rang with applause, for the boy had was unfavorable to the latter. voiced splendid thoughts in tones vibrant and corfAnother striking characteristic was his habit of vincing, and his fellowstudents and townspeople

giving the Church all the credit for his development. glowed in response. Sitting down, he smiled to

He was wont to say that if it had not been for the himself at the inappropriateness of the name applied

Gospel he would have remained an unknown artizan to the exercises of the evening. Commencement!

in a humble Vermont village. All may not agree That meant the beginning, and he was well on past

with him in that conclusion, but his sincere belief the middle, if not in sight of the end! School was

in the matter cannot fail to win admiration. H. J. C. over, lessons were done. Mathematics and chemistry

were mastered and all that was left now was the simple application of the principles he had finished

Rey L. PrattD learning.this time Commencement!Surely someone hadIf anyblunderedpart ofin callingschool

a routine the business of of went on and Time Antoine R. Ivins were that, it must be the first day of the first year.

a part; the a great organization was and made boy

T JNDER the title of "A Deserved Compliment"manhood crept upon him. So little did the oncelife he that aspects matter of school important now little taken story had a beautiful Era the April corner of his in a carefully mind away them Pratt. was packed the diary of President He Rey L. from

not well at the time the editors persuaded him to where he had stored the memories of his childhood.

allow its publication, but no one would have thought In the distant future he could see the goal of achievethat the time of his passing was so near. ment looming bright, and he smiled to think that

An account of his life and labors, from the pen only when that should be reached would he find of Elder Melvin J. Ballard, with more details than commencement. From there on he could travel far

can be given on this page will be found in this issue. and fast.

However, it is fitting that editorial mention be made Into his life came love and marriage and home;

of a life so abundantly successful as was his in the and one gray dawn, holding in his arm his firstborn things which have an enduring value. child, he realized that commencement is not a matter

A grandson of Parley iP. Pratt, that able and of one generation. It comes only with a new life

fearless expounder of the restored Gospel, a son of which is a part of -two other lives, and the launching

Helaman Pratt, a Mexican pioneer and missionary of that new life into the channels of experience.

who was as devoted to righteousness as was Helaman The speeding of the years brought sorrow and of old, Rey was a Latterday Saint by inheritance joy, failure and success, and commencement seemed and not less so by sincere conviction and was blessed distant again. The beginnings of many things were

with the gift of explaining his belief clearly and still in his mind and a part of his ambition, but so convincingly. great and numerous were the calls of everyday living

He enjoyed the love and confidence of his assothat large and important issues were crowded into ciates in the First Council of Seventy and was rethe future. When the big new home should be built,

vered by the members of the Mexican mission over then they would commence really to live! When

which he has so ably presided, and these feelings of the children were grown and married there would love were shared by all who knew him. be time and opportunity to realize the hopes so

Antoine R. Ivins, another of the third generation long deferred, to find the ends toward which they

of devoted Latterday Saints, has been selected to had bent their efforts through the years.

succeed President Pratt, both in the First Council of Then finally there came a day when he, the boy

Seventy and as president of the Mexican mission. who had delivered) the Valedictory )addtess, had

No happier choice could have been made. These grown weary in spirit and weak in body. Lying

men grew up together in Mexico; their fathers and in bed he recalled, hazily, the events of his life, and

grandfathers were closely associated; and the new as one after another passed by in succession he smiled

President Ivins, like his predecessor has in his veins tenderly. The room began to dim, and greater weakbelieving blood. His faith is as stable as that of ness overcame him. Blinded to the light of earth by

any martyr who ever died for a cause. the glorious glow from the light of a world beyond,

He is a grandson of that faithful pioneer and he knew that now, and never before, he faced Comapostle, Erastus Snow, who, in company with Orson mencement.—E. T. B.

fheimprovement ANSWERING TOBACCO'S CHALLENGE KNOW of nothing today that Extracts from a Sermon respect for other people's feelings.

a quespleasure—with

the word pleasure delivered February 15, 1931 tionI hadmarktheafterI theneedsLatterdayas much Saintsattentionand theby sitting in a dining car while people of the world as making a in Salt Lake Tabernacle—of

after one Angeles from Los coming fight against tobacco. the use of by there, visits opand of my recent is that of nothing doing I know

ladies four young me were to more than the cigarette destroy PRES. HEBER J. GRANT posite in also one smoking, who were the intellect physical and the

frames of boys and girls. Alfront of me and another at a table

me. behind heard though have you from me in. I stay to been happened had tobacthe use of of growth The again time time the during and

I little a years. over gone two I is never co marvelous. dreamed I fortyeight years one been have traveled here to then Great from a as the that of thing such smoking general authorities, the of regard in Britain, been only having home cigarettes popular of become would necessity to the of the keeping six trains there the weks. was On I ladies. never young among I of decided have Wisdom,Word a great deal of than smoking, more intelliof that thought any man I repeat to of the things have some I before. seen I across had came guilty advocatgence of be would said here. undoubtedly

it hotels. in were There more as ing signs that have such you I distributed years some ago in trains the accommodations on

etc., seen, for a "Reach Lucky,"copies of thousands a of pamphlet for for smokers Europe than nonplaces. in public posted be There entitled Little SlavWhite "The I smokers. that even found where

it a hullabaloo about such was ey."the (Henry time Ford At there signs, were Smoking,""No a quit that of "instead saying they this published he very pamphlet in compartments, nonsmoking sweet."say "Reach They now price kindly a made of four me their take pipes out would men a for there, stop but Lucky"and cents I felt per copy, sure which cigars and smoke. and understands everyone they what less cost the than was of printing

them. I carried one of these pammean.

phlets with me to many of the Three Years Later I regret that this little pamphlet stakes is of talked Zion It contains print. and out of from now

I returned Engfrom it, 7 HENand letter more a than on one occasion Edison, from A. Thomas

later, firstthree years land received orders folimmediately greatest benefactors one to of the hotels allowed smoking talks fivelowing for ever from prohun- class has the world in mankind my their dining rooms. I remember eight dred to reflect copies duced. hundred to from stop you When there to prean attempt was made ofbishops councilhigh all wards that eightyfive the and per cent of

ladies vent young smoking from to distribute in their stakes. inmen people the Japanese empire have

in hotels this city. the one of in

electric lights, realize will you how said, if out, us They you "Throw are marvelously indebted to we in Japan To 1901 to, quit."want Well, won't we this wonderful man.

cares a to nobody lady of put out to in Japan I wentY\7HEN hotel. or gentleman A real lady 1901, to a I was astonished

is an individual has some One Great Electric Blaze who find in the principal Yokohama, seaport of that country, people T REMEMBER standing on the smoking in the dining room. I hill to the north of Hollywood

had never before seen such a thing and overlooking the cities of Los n a firstclass hotel, fbut upon Angeles and Hollywood, out to my return to San Francisco I found Santa Monica, and all over that people smoking in the dining fifteen or twenty miles of dark rooms of the two hotels that I night was one great electric blaze.

446 The Improvement Era for June, 1931

slaves. its it They clutch become of he never administration his of during one sight, a marvelousIt was their work. their on minds cannot put not a criminal seen who was ever knew sights I have greatestthe long remaining of incapable They are

in my life that has been created guilty of the use of cigarettes. without the stimulant of another cigarette.

conmoral physical and whole Their and we are indebted toby man, universal is the is involved. This dition

it. for Tobacco and MentalEdison.it is someof teachers, and testimony

The following letter by him is Efficiency thing that is known to the writer from dated April 26th, 1914. T) R. A. D. BUSH has the folfetterexperienceof theascigarettea high schoolhabit becomesprincipal.weldedThe

the act a of that grip last at no with Efficiency agent in the say to injurious lowing Ford: The "Friend is break. will This alone can weakened the principally from cigarettes comesin 1914: of Magazine May, matter the tragic of terrible end the and substance The wrapper. paperburning they that case. think after case in Boys It 'Acrolein.'tobacco that ascertained is called "It been has formedthereby

little then when a can and smoke now centers, decrease of 10.5 per causes nerve the a action smoking on violent ahas stop can when please they that they and cells of efficiency. a the in There was mental cent of degenerationproducing

so. not are to do ready do they They fifteen of tests is rapid series each among quite of 120 on brain, whichthe the of very continuing the that know fields. dethis different psychic several narcotics in men most Unlikeboys. wills their so cigarettes involves use of tests uncontrolthe for volunteered is and men permanent The whogeneration stop to they seriously that want when all in smokes. age ranging students medical were person wholable. no employ proven from be cannot. can This they years, previvarying of to 21 Edison."32 from A.Yours, IThomas the country."in school every to farmlaborer experience, the ous from

the lifelong student. The mental caPermanent degeneration of the pacity of the students varied from the I realize, my brethren and sisbrains of our children! I rejoice failure to the honor student. The subters, that there is nothing in the

the University at attendants were in the jects are some schoolsthat there tedious to an audience more is an inworld where Dr. Vermont, Bush of is prohibited smoking whereworld reading, listen to a person than to in structor physiology."

on the campus at least. I am sorry but I am not here to try to enterthat we have some here that are Dr. T. D. Crothers of Walnut tain you; no matter how tedious it

not that way, including our State Lodge Hospital, Incorporated, at is I am anxious for you to get

University. We spend, as I reHartford, Connecticut, speaking some of these facts in your minds.

member it, over seventyfive per of tobacco, says: Dr. Fred J. Pack of the University

cent of all our taxes for school of Utah, (by the way, he has still control, loss sit diof power, of "Loss and thenpurposes, and we against the use a of written book inefficiency vitality general minished and brain the of degenerationallow a great tobacco given and many are certain almost weakness profound and students of to our someto come statistics) ingives the following are diseases invited, to follow. Other

while on the campus. Such is life, and show greater persistency and fatality. formation which appeared in the

are to there one conclusion, which Thehowever. Scientific Journal: Temperance

as are exceptions able so far to no we The head of the great tobacco is is that determine, tobacco a or more colleges and universities "Twelve trust, Mr. Hill, says: less dangerous narcotic to the senses and parts of the country supplied the infacts.all

activities, the brain higher person and no total contested posiof for 210 men A possession be in can complete his of "The scientific facts are all in favor first teams. tions the the nonon Of

of the cigarette."faculties and power of control and exersmokers 65.8 per cent were successful; of

cise the highest efficiency possible who the smokers only 33.3 per cent were

I am "harrassed with doubts,"uses tobacco."successful.

six in true the not only "This was his of opinion like Twain's Mark about furnished data which Detroit Times of March institutions The of Columbus, at the guide home as in the a total, taken tryout but when 20th, 1916: such truthfulness the of six outfar the any as to each of the nonsmokers

stripped In the smokers. one institution statements. cigarettes a hundred "One day were single a a place obtained not smoker

for Winters, too aged Frank much 46 Mr. Ford's seccretary says: the team."on years, city. this of declared to was He

"I call your attention to the statement have been mentally affected by excessive of one of the magistrates in your city, cigarette smoking in a certificate filed I would like to read the entire who states that 99 per cent of the boys in the probate court, Saturday morning book to you, but there are seventyDr. M. A. Layton. the ages 17, of 10 and between who by seven pages of it.

petition asking for the commit- "A crime, with charged come before him have their fingers disfigured by cigarette ment of Winters to an insane asylum was stains."filed with the probate court by Joseph Perman, No. 542 Lawndale Avenue, with The Rocky Mountain

A chief of police told me that whom"His Wintersstrange lives.actions had made his Champions

associates think him insane. Dr. Layton declared in his report that he was ueable T HAVE been told that the coach

to find well defined symptoms of insanity, * of the Rocky Mountain footbut that cigarettes had made him simpleball champions will not have any minded."boy on his team who smokes, and

Fetter of the Cigarette that team won the championship in this section last year. No

TN the Scientific Temperance wonder that in twelve colleges only

Journal, Rev. Ozora S. Davis, 33.3 of the smokers got on the

president of the Chicago Theoteam, and 65.8 of the nonsmok-

logical Seminary, says: ers.

"The power of the cigarette habit is "The cigarette,"says Dr. Kress, "strikes

greater than we would be inclined to a direct blow at the most vital organ think. Boys in school who are in the of the body."

The Improvement Era for June, 1931 447

water. of tablespoonfuls three very holding two had have to I happen cigarette these fifteen of I placed In one years died many friends whodear thickness equal other an in the papers and

younger than I am, both of them of leaves of tissue paper from between athletic, strong, vigorous men, and visiting cards, for the tissue papers were larger a numit took and thinner of much specimen poor a suchI was leaves. of ber

I was twenty that whenhumanity the of drops few a that "I found cominsurance life the old noyears containing bottle the water from pany would insure me. The same cigarette paper would kill a mouse quicker

and Robinson,''Jack tried say I could than you twentyfive. at truewas other from the water the of teaspoonful a again thirty, and I wasagain when to suffer a mouse cause to papers seemed the with thirtyfive, I waswhen inconvenience. no

same result. "I have killed dozens of mice with this

have others who action. and water heart the weakens "It sucsame the with experiment tried the died of mine friends two These thereHill—are cess. Mr. Will heart. tobacco is calledof what

head is the Hill Mr. the Remember for difficult it is reason this "For life for very fight in the which nature, trust—"please athletics. He tobacco great in the engage of to addictcigarette vital luxury every yield itself up must in is lacking difference and winded the easily is hefinds tell made what growth me and growth healthy body as such to all ambition loses soonendurance. He kind the same in water the mind. same in brain and of usein fact, any in or, sports, inengage to know be made could that all boys papers "If the except bottles, others of with Associating occupation.ful cigarette smoke of breath eyery that with the visit bottle?"to the in begins placed soon he were kind, hisof exhale manimbecility and inhale they in end up he Hill time may In of rooms. Mr.pool heard I not arteries have their tapping are they that hood, penior school reform court, juvenile the out life's blood question. their letting that surely as and answering cent per that 96 estimated is It tentiary. arteries their and veins as though truly as not does know cigarette boy are who The criminals youthful ourof is cigarette the that severed, and were heart enough is old weakened not a with of Mack boy Connie addicts. The fools criminals and invalids, of maker fever, typhoid to succumb to is apt baseball. As more in interest take an some. to deter them to ought which diseases men—it acute other—nota or tuberculosis of Athletis emblem stain an Philadelphia finger the yellow of leader The he be should heart, the taxespecially than enslavement degradation and as deeper takes rank cigarette ics, Mack Connie them. The with stricken down chain."ball and the as is almost baseball generals He greatest morally. the the boy ofinjures one

fiend. cocaine the as impress todifficult reads men He ever known. has any that recognized generally is Said "It Burbank What person ordinary as an boys and tax extra an places life which ofhabit

contributes vital other a book. He reads heart or I believe kidneys, theupon BURBANK, UTHER Such prematurely. Journal out them wears Scientific Temperanceorgans, the in his Edison to second almost to T pracas cigarettes of use is the habita stateclear characteristically this of benefit the for accomplishments careful up. youth A from ticed today

study of six Canadian insurance comment: mankind, makes the following

rate of nonmortality the panies found I have comment: and opinion, is candid "It my of moderate 5 9 and that to besmokers years last twelve closely the very watched 93."smokers to ten of age the that boys at more, or "Several of my young acquaintances

fifteen who have continued smoking cigarare in their graves who gave promise of

Mike Donovan, a familiar figure ettes do not as a rule amount to anymaking happy and useful citizens, and in every way unfitted cigarettes alone are that aththing. question They years there is no thirty for athletics, in

are brains where destruction."work kind of for any cause of their were the York of director letic the New needed—"

Athletic Club, says:

Luther Burbank was the wizard I want to say that brains of the plant and vegetable king- "Any boy who smokes can never hope And right needed endeavor, as are line of very much in any to succeed benehave experiments whose now. dom lungs, and heart scarce. the weakens very aresmoking becoming They several civilized world fited the enaffects the and the stomach ruinsand along get to hard It is mighty year. dollars every He million young If or a boy system. nervous tire

man expects to amount to anything in without some of them, says further:

athletics he must let smoking and all "No boy nor man can expect to kinds of liquor alone. They are rank succeed in this world to a high "No boy living would commence the

poison to his athletic ambitions."position and continue the use of useless, ofsoulless,cigarettesworthlessif he knewthing whatthey woulda useAn Experiment cigarettes."Hudson Maxim has won world make of htm."

of high inventor as the renown is Ford of Henry from This PATTERSON, RS. T. E. luf battleship in use for explosives of * * president Griffin, Georgia, defense, Hill's Mr. Mr. to "Replying various for torpedoes and and guns Christian called atWoman's Georgia secretary, the G. Liebold, my comes purposes. other He colleges and other reports from to says: out E.tention Union, Temperance

squarely against the cigarette in educational institutions showing that "I have heard amateur chemists say, this fashion: young men addicted to the cigarette habit

'I have investigated and find that cigarseldom, if ever, led in their studies; that

ette papers contain no poison.'We are "The wreath of cigarette smoke which one of the magistrates in Mr. Hill's own

told that they do contain lime, lead, curls about the head of the growing lad city, New York, stated that 99 per cent and arsenic, a solution, used to toughen holds his brain in an iron grip which of the boys between the ages of 10 and paper. prevents it from growing and his mind 1 7 who come before him charged witlj

"Several years ago I stepped into a from developing just as surely as the iron crime have their fingers disfigured by grocery store and asked to buy a package shoe does the foot of the Chinese girl. cigarette stains, and challenged Mr. Hill

of cigarette papers, such as were given "In the.terrible struggle for survival to point out what beneficial result has ever

away at that time with Durham smoking against the deadly cigarette smoke debeen experienced by anyone through intobacco. I took two small bottles, each velopment and growth are sacrificed by dulgence in this habit."

448 The Improvement Era for June, 1931

I have never heard of the chal- "For many years it has been our policy they to each other's interests. Only,

lenge being accepted. ofnot smokingto engagecigarettes,boys whoasmakewe believea practiceit whereverwould be foundDamonpuffingwas atencountereda halfburnedhe

to be detrimental to their development."cigarette, or with feverish haste rolling

a fresh one. In An Auto Plant

years rolled by. I had kept close "The It will take me six minutes to

track reporter of the small town who the Cadillac company read Motor'"THE a star metropolitan into developed story that I am going had to give the following you: comment: -* makes man"

in the heat of the a someyears began guber- "Several "It was ago we evil. natorial in I first Please remember that the man this against that active campaign Michigan campaignwhat

already developedWe made a study of the effect upon the met them—two fellows whom to know who smoked had

morals and efficiency of men in our emwas to like. One was the star political into a political writer.

ploy addicted to this habit and found writer on a metropolitan newspaper, the that cigarette smokers invariably were other a reporter on a small city daily.—"and was turning his attention to

loose in their morals and very apt to be "They had struck up an acquaintance theatrical reviewing with marked success.

untruthful, and were far less productive during the afternoon, while one of the But the political writer had dropped than men who were not cigarette smokers. gubernatorial candidates the political from view, following a disagreement

We might mention a large number of inwriter was accompanying on a spellwith the newspaper he served.

stances which substantiate this latter statebinding tour was making a speech at the "One day a shadow fell across my path, ment, but space does not permit. We country fair grounds. and I looked up to come face to face with

put up notices in conspicuous places "We sat up late that night in the the onetime star. He was bronzed. His

about the plant. This had quite an clothes were in sore need of a valet, and

effect among the employees in general. his linen had not been on speaking terms

We allow no cigarette smoking about with a laundry for some time back. He

the plant; in fact, will not hire men who grinned at my gasp of astonishment.

we know use cigarettes. "'I don't wonder you are surprised,'

"We are proud to say that none of the he went on. 'You see, I've been down

prominent or executive men in this comin Georgia working on a peach farm, pany use cigarettes for two reasons: First, I had to do something, so I thought I'd

that they believe the effects to be incut out the old life for a time. I'mjurious, and second, that it would be diffipretty near down and out—but I'll come

cult to enforce a rule they themselves back. I'm just as good today as I ever

did not adhere to."was, and I'll show those fellows that have

turned against me. By the way, can you

George W. Alden, head of the spare"A memontha cigarette?'or so later I was wandering

big mercantile institution in Brockalong the docks, watching the operations ton, Mass., that bears his name, of a gang of lumber shovers, when an

says: overalled figure separated itself from the

rest of the party and came shuffling over

I to stood. something There where was I as far none emof "So know my

I the familiar about to yet man, look had cigarettes.ployees hire don't smoke We a certain as before second time being to

I that of or kind should boys not men.

identity the inthe perspiring of grimy, forconsider a candidate for minute any dividual.

I if cigarettes.a position he smoked knew

it's 'Yes, me,'volunteered, exhe

It pretty strongly be against would him calloused a fingers tending the hand of on if a position either for applied he with telltale cigarette stains the yellow which cigar,a cigarette in pipe his or mouth.

dirt. never the showed 'You'd through

th,e in general prevalent knowledgeWith it have thought of me, you?'would as statethis effects to the injurious of

wistfulness tones, his in a "There was stories talking and hotel lobby, swappingcigarette have smoking, should any boy it tears as seemed and though almost I interest, of matters and over mutual decision toambition enough and enough in glistened shifting the eyes. similarity striking the impressed by was let cigarettes alone. has observation My "see,''it a on, 'You he went was characteristics the in Both of men. two cigarette thattaught boys smoking me

little in dull business the newspaper and specimens physical of splendid manwereare in lacking woefully both ambition and

I live to while turning had something was atalert, cleancut, immaculately hood,decision. dull, soon become smokeThey in the so here old up game, I'm down attention attract would who I let thatbefuddled boys. them know tired—men little It a while. doesn't very pay in a crowd.cigarettes spoil business."for boys my it's hard awful settled in our "Scarcely had down we formuch—and work—but

it's I to until keep enough going political writer me prochairs the when

To Both Mind and Body ducedtractinga boxone offor cigarettes,his own andconsumptionafter exgetI needback.is a Ifaircanshow.make goodI've gotagain.the stuffAll

if in me acquaintto his passed newfound them * * *'I get a chance. And by the way. thanks. declined ance. with were They J. C. Ayer and Company:

"'Ha,'laughed the political writer "I hadn't. If I had possessed a cigar-

"Believing that smoking cigarettes is jokingly, 'you have no small vices, eh?'ette, I think it would have been his withinjurious to both mind and body, thereby "The reporter looked grave. out asking. He craved it like a man

unfitting young men for their best work, "'I am not sure that is such a small recovering from a long spree craves a therefore, after this date we will not emvice,'he replied slowly. drink of whiskey to slake his thirst.

ploy any young man under twentyone "'Oh, well, we'll not quarrel over "From time to time strange stories years of age who smokes cigarettes."that,'went on the political writer, 'I reached me concerning the onetime podo not smoke much myself.'litical writer. He was successively panhandler, peeler the in hobo, and potato session evening that during our "But is after of page page'T'HERE the kitchen of infirmary, county to which serious one emptied and had made box he

lines. the along same comment obtained he admittance the through good a second. inroads on

I will more: read one

Field Marshall & Company, that"ItI wasmet somethem.monthsTheylater,werein 'covering'Lansing, officesthe primeof menof hiswhocareer.had known him in

Chicago, the greatest department the legislature for rival papers in the "It was a crisp October morning suggestive apparel. of winter At a down city, but this fact had no bearingstore in America, if not in the same stood corner a gaunt figure, from friendship. inseptown were on their They

world, bars cigarettesmoking arable and had come to be known as whose parchmentlike countenance two boys, giving this as their reason: Damon and Pythias, so devoted were [Continued on page 450]

Utah Supreme Court Speaks Regarding, Tobacco Advertising,

as a result of stitutions? Of course, fromLARGELY By the activity of repreATTORNEY OSCAR W. CARLSON the law itself, it is apparent

sentatives of the Mututhe Legislature believed that al Improvement Associations, Member of the in the use, sale and advertisthe Utah Legislature passed, General Board of Y. M. M. 1. A ing of cigarettes and tobacco

during its 1929 session, a law there are evils inimical to the making it a misdemeanor for public welfare, which reany person, company or corporaing of cigarettes and tobaccos on quire regulation and restriction.

tion to display on any billboard, billboards, placards, and in street In this connection the court obstreet car sign, placard, or any cars. served as follows:

other object or place of display any 4. The prohibition of the sale

soliciting. is a of "Advertising form advertisement cigarof cigarettes, cigarettes or furnishing of

see State the which no reason why or toWe ette papers, cigars, chewing 'tobacco under twentyone to minors sale this limit of the prohibit or may bacco or smoking tobacco or any years of age. article may not also limit or restrict the

disguise or substitute of either, ex- 5. The making it unlawful for solicitation of the sale, especially where,

cept that a dealer in cigarettes, proprietors of places of business to asminors.here, itSuchhas solicitationprohibited bytheadvertisesale to

cigarette papers, cigars, tobacco or permit minors under twentyone ment is for the purpose of increasing the their substitute may have a sign years of age to frequent such places demand for and use of tobacco. These

on the front of his place of busiwhile using tobacco in any form. advertisements do not appeal alone to the

ness stating that he is a dealer in 6. The vesting of power in the classchase ofandpersonsuse whocigarettesmay lawfullyand tobacco;pursuch articles. licensing authority to revoke the they are general in their nature and appeal

After this law went into effect license of any dealer for violation to all classes and ages of our population.

the Packer Corporation, a billof the act. It is inconsistent to say that the legislature

board advertising concern, dismayto minorslawfullyof prohibitboth sexes,the butsale isof withouttobacco played an advertisement of Ches- '"FHE Supreme Court of the State power to place any restriction on the terfield Cigarettes upon one of the of Utah, by a majority of three solicitation of such persons by advertisebillboards in Salt Lake City. Conout of the five judges, decided that ments. Laws have been enacted in alsequently, the corporation was the law is constitutional and mostthe saleeveryof tobaccostate in orthe someunionofprohibitingits manuprosecuted for violation of law. therefore valid and enforceable. factured forms to minors, but notwithAfter proceedings first in the City The majority opinion was written standing the enactment of these laws and

the to enforce the attempt tobacco them, Justice in the thenCourt and District Folland. by W. H.

great A habit into inroads has the made the caseCourt, dissenting before opinion, the came however, was the reason country. youth of would The

State Supreme Court of Utah. In filed by Justice D. N. Straup. seem quite plain. Manufacturers and

connection with the trial a quesUnder the majority opinion it dealers have been left free to appeal to as adults as well the boys and girls with raised as to the constitution was held the State, in that was the alluring cigarette most and attractive andtionality the of exercise law. of its police conpower, It was may tobacco result advertisements the that with

tended by the Packer Corporation license, tax, and regulate the sale these laws have become largely ineffective.

that the law was violative of both and use of cigarettes and tobacco It is almost useless to pass laws prohibitsale the ing of to tobacco minors, andthe State Federal and Constituand so far as to prohibit may go the time attempt same to make notions. State, traffic however, entirely, which the The for the reason atrestrict solicitation the of these same

conducted the prosecution, insisted that the courts have classed tobacco minors by all kinds of alluring and atthat the law represents a proper and cigarettes as agencies harmful tractive advertisements. The recruits into

the ranks largely of the smokers come legitimate exerciseand of the poto the general health and welfare girls the rather boys and from than from

State, of the society.lice power of questhe specific But maturity. people of prohibiting of The

tion in the case was whether or not billboard and other placard advertisements direct a relation bearing to the and passing, it should be noted the a prohibition of particular kind hasIN object act the of in attempting to prevent that the prohibition of tobacco advertising of of tobaccos could to the sale cigarettes use and of and advertising was only a part of an be upheld. The Legislature could bacco by minors. The legislature couldtoact which contained many related have prohibited, entirely, the sale well have concluded that the kind and

matters. That the act, as a whole, of and advertising of cigarettes amount of advertising done by the toincluded briefly the following: within the State but could it proamountedbacco manufacturersto a campaignandof dealerspropagandahas

1. The licensing of cigarette hibit certain kinds of advertising for the purpose of inducing the youth of

dealers. and ignore others and at the same the community to become users of toin its various forms. think 2. We imposition of classification a tax to time The avoid a disbacco or

it clearly legiswithin the of the power all cigarettesbe paid sold. on crimination that violawould be lature, it undertook to or when combat

3. The prohibition of advertistive of the State and Federal Condiminish the evil of smoking among

450 The Improvement Era for June, 1931

young people, to not only prohibit the sale of these products to minors but also to strike at a most effective and insidious Answering, Tobacco's Challenge used habitually of inducement method to [Continued from page 448] these into the use of lure the youth products by prohibiting the advertising of cigarettes and tobacco on billboards, fishy eyes stared forth uncomprehendingnow have a cigarette,"and he went carried a placards, and in street cars."ly. Under his arm he small out and did some smoking. He essayed that he of newspapers bundle

unsuccessfully to dispose of to passersby. came home a cigarette smoker.

HHHE Packer Corporation claimed As he called the papers in a rasping monoCigarette smoking led to liquor cigarette "butt"at a pulled tone he away influthe under While discrimunjust there "* that is an * drinking. * * gutter. the picked from had virtue lost his he ence of liquor adhe in that only inination the law other the moving day "I saw him again

vertising by billboards, street car unsteadily along the street, having eyes and was excommunicated from the signs, and placards are prohibited but not seeing, possessed of ears yet not Church. As I stood at his grave

partly encased overalls that hearing. The to heaven and made I looked up newspaper,while advertising by

at frayed limbs were withered liquor the a pledge God that are to my and radiomagazine forlornly with flapped about and permitted. bottomhis

In answer, the Court explained every step. A checked blouse took the and tobacco would have in mean

that in its opinion there is no such place of a coat. A ragged straw hat, enemy who would fight with all

since disapcolor long had whose original give ability the that would street God Billboards,discrimination.

surgrime, a coat of beneath I to of and the daycar signs, placards my death, and such are reme hair. face his tousled His in mountedpeared

a class by themselves. They are sembled that of a coal heaver at the have kept that pledge so far. He

wholly intrastate and the restricend of a day's toil. His hands swinging died in his young manhood, that

tions apply, without discriminaoflooselyan African.at his sides, were dark as those strong, physical, intellectual feltion, to all in the same class. "I have seen men in the throes of delow.

lirium tremens, screeching for help at the this sort are conof "Advertisements athospital voices, while top of their A New Arithmetic observers eyes before thestantly of I never them. to restrain fought on tendants

the streets in street to be cars and a spectacle so horrible as was seen saw repre- T AM not much of a mathemavoli- exercise the choice of orwithout Brummel, time Beau sented this one by tion on their part. Other forms of who had forfeited every claim to contician,"said the cigarette, "but

advertising are ordinarily seen as a matter sideration and sunk to unbelievable depths I can add nervous troubles to a observer. the the part ofof choice on Slaver. Little the White of physi- I can subtract from his boy,—victim

as adults the well as people acquaintances former youngThe of his one "Not aches his cal energy, t can multiply this pitiin recognized thrust have billboard the of the message him wouldhave his divide mental I can and pains, well. it was devices arts that able and them by all theupon condition—and

read his interest before you "Possibly take I can these lines powers, from case the In produce. of newsskill can

papers and magazines, there musit be Death will have mercifully laid hold on work, and discount his chances is to seeking bysome success."the one who see passedthis humanto the derelictgreat beyond."and he will have for

radio advertisement. theand read The following is from Henry The

can be turned off, but not so the billboard Ford:or street car placard. The Other Man "In 1900,"continues Mr. Hill,

this place clearly distinctions "These six billion thousand hundred "two other one who to 'T'HE in a positionkind of advertisements man—the cigarettes in this counwere made is vices?''no small He * had classified or probe so that regulations

hibitions may be imposed upon all within today dramatic editor of one of try. In 1913 fifteen billion, eight

the class. This is impossible with respect the leading New York newspapers, hundred million cigarettes were

to newspapers or magazines. The classistanding well toward the head of made here, an increase of 700 per

is arbitrary therefore,fication, not cent."per- a profession, or his known man

is thereunreasonable, and no when made a over year A little actor and actress sonally by every ago—classification cannot the reasonlegal why statistics recent haven't any and country, the in consequence of legislative power. as within sustainedbe cigarettes were 105,000,000,000 auas are accepted opinions whose in quesstatute that the conclude "We in this country. consumed What exerthoritative."lawful thetion enacted within was

cise of legislative power in the interest One of my boy friends in this is a billion? Very few people stop

of public health, morals and welfare, city, a cigarette smoker, who was to reflect regarding the matter. But

because the advertising of cigarettes and bright and intelligent, was a mem- a billion is one a minute for every substantial, real relation, has atobacco and the birth of the minute since I, of club a baseball which of belief that the welfare, of berto the public Savior. the equivalent of So 105 in played too, He a member. was legistheevils reached to sought be by cigarettes for every from minute I, although than higher a grade evils arbitrary, such but notlation was

were obstacles to a greater public welfare. we were both the same age. He the birth of the Savior until now

There is no deprivation of due process of became ambitious to go on a miswere consumed in America in a

I protection year. single of equal denial a of thatlaw, very nor am sure cigarette sion. send not do We

classification adopted the by the laws,the in were more consumed many six misisons. For smokers on

is reason,legislature not good without 1930. himself this conducted boy months all are similarly circumstanced thatso iiitAJSHto*- m a did not smoke properly and restrictions the alike.treated upon Such

use of property and the right to contract single cigarette. He went on a "EVERYBODY is ready to suwill be sustained where imposed in the mission, learned a foreign lanstain the law he likes. That

interest of the welfare of the whole people. guage, filled a fine mission, his is not, in the proper sense, respect

set views toIt is for us up our not for order. or best president law a most of reas to mission gave him The

legiseffectiveness such or ofthe wisdom is spect for his the Finally reputation. is where law excellent law determinresponsibility forlation. The

it hurts. it upheld even though he read release came and when matters in State the such policy the ofingis upon the legislative department."he said: "Hurrah, boys, I shall—Chief Justice Charles E. Hughes.

The Improvement Era for June9 1931 451

We must acknowledge the hand deed would have been. The opof the Lord even in this, because eration was skillfully performed.

to him there is no death. He is But there was a complete paralysis

merely transferring his servant of the bowels following the adfrom one field of labor to another. ministration of the local anesthetAnd undoubtedly the appointment ic. This resulted in his untimely

that has come to him is the most death.

important so far in his career.

XJE possessed many of the rare

XJE was faithful to the uttergifts of his illustrious father,

J--L most in the twentyfive years Helaman Pratt, and grandfather, that he presided over the Mexican Parley P. Pratt. He had a poetic

mission. His whole heart was in gift and has left in both English

the work and his love of the Mexand Spanish some gems expressing ican people was unbounded. his deep feelings and emotions in

Laboring as a missionary comchoice poetic language. His many

panion with the writer in South translations and writings in SpanAmerica five years ago, Elder Pratt ish will live through all the years was greatly distressed to learn of to come and be an effective instruthe expulsion of the missionaries ment in the hands of missionaries from Mexico. It looked like his among the Spanish people.

life's work was to be thrown away, He has added luster to the but his joy was unbounded in famous Pratt name in our Church discovering the fact that despite annals and has created a place of the absence of missionaries from his own in the hearts of hundreds headquarters, the Mexican Saints of missionaries and thousands of are just as loyal and devoted as Saints that will remain as long people can be. They are conductas time endures.

ing the missionary work, building churches, preaching the Gospel in a most effective way; and the

foundation that has been laid apPresident parently will stand forever, a monument to the labors of this deAntoine voted servant of the Lord and his associates in the work.Rey L. He has an outstanding record Rideway

from the fact that he has spent all the days of his life while a field, in the missionary andPratt seventy Ivins that covers a long period of time.

By MELVIN J. BALLARD He magnified his holy calling as a HE Gospel, as it has been

the the of Council in member Council Twelve given to the in thisof the world of finest a misvery way Firstpossible—as enters day, intimately so ever since sionary called he was passuntimely the apparent T [Continued page on 456] position. that toINing of Elder Rey L. Pratt, He leaves a wife and ten chilmember of the First Council dren. Sister Pratt is a brave,

of Seventy and president of the courageous soul who has stood

Mexican mission, the Church as nobly at her post during the many well as his family has lost a valperiods when President Pratt has iant servant and a faithful husbeen absent from his home, and band and father. But how glorishe has been eminently successful

ous to conclude one's earthly labors as both father and mother. The

working gallantly in the harness! Lord will surely not desert her

Highly equipped with a fine misnow.

sionary spirit and with a perfect knowledge of the Spanish lanPRESIDENT PRATT has left guage, he was an invaluable asset to the Church and to the to the Church in that particular world in his noble family worthy mission field. And who can tell sons and daughters who will ever

but that all this was but a preparabear his name in honor.

tion for his continued missionary His operation for hernia was labors in a larger field among the deemed a necessity in order to countless millions who are speakmake him more efficient in his ing the Spanish language in the work and to save him from possible spirit world—the only language danger when away from medical

they knew and who died without attention. It was thought to have

a knowledge of the truth. been a simple operation and in-

.

Facing, Life By DR. ADAM S. BENNION

Illustrations by Fielding K. Smith

What Can You Do?

the table from a group of men and tions are too subtle for fine drawn women seeking employment withclassifications. But it becomes inout asking himself the question, creasingly clearer that men too fre-

"If I were in their place what have quently allow themselves to fall

I to offer which would warrant into one of the first two of the selecting me?"following classifications:

Whether or not the inquiry 1 He Knows.

finds expression in just these 2. He Does.

words, most employers would put 3. He Knows and Does.

one outstanding question to all applicants: A LETTER from a former col-

"What Can You Do?"** lege student came across the

After all, that is the real extable the Other day with an alfhs amination which life would retogether significant problem quire of all of us. The world couched in its brief but pertinent

He Knows looks for results. inquiry:

"I have been out of college two is take year. a interesting to dozen a critical been has TT years. a for job Every I go where

*THIS the the Press of out of names I with get I can't curtailment because one of year am told A it is years five last ask and why experience. I haven't had any But depression its consequent

such given that they been have a experience get fellow can how a of heels the uponfollowing recognition. following names The if can get a he never job?"a market and speculativewildly before prominently been have circle a in That's mean which overproducnationaltremendous during reading public America's travel. to Schools frequently say all practically crisis thistion. In

is offered years. defense those No is their that frankly function to the cut to had haveinstitutions particular these including for lay broad foundations estabthe corners of one—tocorners—and others. for or excluding names No lish cultural to backgrounds it employment. When—beenhas list as quite outof another doubt teach correct habits of thought. Salt Lake in thatis remembered sepersonalities be could standing all these things course of of have And 7,000 men alone someCity lected.

it will be are fundamental. But of as out work themselveslisted

and in need, one can readily apBut run over these selections as helpful to applicants for employpreciate just how real this situayou ponder the answer to the ment if they will appreciate fully tion has been. Participation in the query, "what makes them famthat when they apply for positions

recent Community Chest Camous? they should do so upon one of two

paign leaves no doubt in one's Helen Keller platforms. Either that their trainmind that want and need are actuWill Rogers ing has been general—and that

alities. Jack Dempsey they want to start at the bottom But in all this depression some Babe Ruth—that they really don't know

very valuable life principles have Lawrence Tibbett anything about the business in quesre-emphasized themselves. Norma Shearer tion, or, they should take pains

Spiritual values have declared Harry Emerson Fosdick along the way to acquaint themthemselves. Appreciation has atBing Crosby selves with the business upon

tached itself to the blessings which Helen Wills Moody which"they hope to enter while we enjoy. Those of us who have Bill Tilden they are laying their general founwork have experienced a new gratiHack Wilson dations. The answer to the questude. Knute Rockne tion "What Can You Do?"beAlong with these spiritual reThese folks are not elevated comes then much more easy of

flections have come other very sigthrough positions of state. They solution.

nificant considerations. Who is it have caught the public fancy bein the main who is out of employcause they Do Things. In his T SOMETIMES think it would

ment? Why? Every day brings field every one of these notables be a very helpful thing for a

its lists of applicants for positions is a Doer. boy to apply for a position which

in practically every institution in Of course, life is too complex he hopes to secure several years before he really expects to enterthis city. One cannot sit across to be catalogued—human distinc-

The Improvement Era for June, 1931 453

upon it. If he could come to unmake for yourself before an emderstand the demands it will make ployer? Perhaps you may find

of him he could so much more value in turning through the prointelligently prepare for it. In the cedure rather generally followed in

nature of things, business is bethe selection of men and women coming more and more highly for regular placement in typical specialized. Machinery continues to major institutions.

drive out unskilled labor. The I. First of all, there is the inset-up of any modern institution terview. Here first impressions are

presupposes special ability on the registered. Have you "looked

part of, its employees. yourself over"on the score of such

If you can visualize yourself factors as:

making application for a position Appearance, voice, attitude, which of the two selfdescriptions health, physical fitness, personal would you supply? cleanliness, ease, poise, address. Can

"Here I am—I should like to you carry on an intelligent interKnows and Doeslearn your business—I am prepared view about yourself in a straightHe

to start at the bottom and will forward way, combining humility, take my chance at working up."confidence and tact in a convincIV. Nowadays, all of these inor ing appeal? Can you sell "at par"quiries are being supplemented by

tests. If clerical for apply you I sight. can well "Here yet do on If you haven't made am—I it is fairly easy to measurethese a a things use application formal will. Can you be work you

man of my training?"interested some day to try yourself your performance for

Of course there is always a place out. Such a performance calls for Speed Orderliness

for you if you bring with you real Salesmanship, Think of sellAccuracy Legibility

Good Intelligence ing Yourself. Neatness Dependability

Character II. There will follow, of course, TF you apply for general office Good General Backgrounds Personal Testimonials—Letters of work, other simple but qualityWillingness to work and to Recommendation. Who could revealing tests are available. In

learn. recommend you for what? And a few minutes you can give an

But you must be prepared to why? What have you done to index to your calibre and training.

serve your apprenticeship even lead some one to be a real sponsor Consider these three exercises:

though that word is essentially out for you? It is genuinely worth 1. Multiply

of use. while to you to do outstanding 98765432

things for a few men who, because 3456789

TSN'T it good sense all the time of your performance as well as you are laying your general because of your character and per- 2. Give the meaning of these

foundations to feel yourself out in sonality, will be glad to champion twelve words taken from A. L.

the line which eventually you hope you in the hour of your applicaScoville's "Watch Your Words."

to choose? There's merit in "Trytion. Taciturn Titular

III. will date to record Youring Life Your summers be Tantamount Tortuous

it If checked. record, school is aor late your your Tenacious Transfigure Saturdays—orOn."sure will for your speak workafternoons or be and Tenuous Transversely evenings—one cases, rare in you. Except men of these will offermore usually Tete-a-tete Travesty

believe to that are willingyou the occasion to try yourself your Textual Turretted is a substantial record school indexout. 3. Work this problem:

performance. grades to your Poor a find to Suppose job had you friend each and have your You skeptical. always an employer maketomorrow! Can Do? What You If sheep. gives one, he you asset. are grades a real Good Not some case could kind of you What each then the you have same numthat A's. straight need you You

substantial marks. do need A berone, ofhesheep.has twiceBut asif manyyou giveas you.him average. vigorous good Why

should an employer expect you to How many sheep has each of you"? do for him what you would not General Intelligence—Aptitude do for one of the greatest institu-—Motor Response Tests are also

available. Naturally, apply if you tions in America—The Public the for work as a Car Repair Man School?

test will be altogether different.

TF you present yourself with exYou may be sure that more and * perience in another institution, more employers are going to atof course your record will be tempt to discover what your capachecked to discover how well you bilities are. You can sensibly address to yourself right now the succeeded there—how well you

employers—whatwere able to get youron withrecordotherfor questionWhat Can I Dor

honesty and dependability was and go to work to find a real anHe Does why you left—etc. swer.

Ready for the ftight over the islands. Left, George D. North Kohala from the ocean.

Pyper; Right, President William M. Waddoups.

eeing Hawaii from the Sky By GEO. D. PYPER

with President In conversation that say GAN'T the of Waddoups, William M. ride wanted to m Ianeverairplane.really of the MisSaint Latterday Hawaiian

While hardly prepared to adGeneral Superintendency of sion, he informed me that a hydromit that I was a coward in that Sunday Schools plane made daily trips from Honorespect,'yet, as I analyze my feellulu, on the Island of Oahu, to ings, frankness compels the conHilo on the Island of Hawaii and the I afraid. In that fession was the of thinking Without return. the voyage, of one day during for thouthat record the of face many I consequences exclaimed, vessel the sea a took heavy when safely traveled by persons of sands trip?"great a that be "Wouldn't of fifty out miles and hundred one States, the United in last air year "I've responded: he Immediately course, its broke charted many foolbe to fears somewhat seem. my it myself making of thinking been sailors the even dishes, made and In still remains. fact the yet ish,

is a this good sometime, and for little nervous. bit I a sick, was that I fear, wonder this of light the I together!"was we'll go chance; at Uncle arrived we However, small a to hoard icourage I the had decency I with couldn't caught. Territory, beautiful most Sam's capacity a with Pacific Steamship as it that decided retreat. was So sojournwhile and sound, safe a and passengers, on eighty only of

little a said to be ride the was it to that was discovered there ing without Hawaii, to trip sevenday the than on to Hilo going rougher Islands see the from fate to a be I "without say my quiver. Did a

"trade the facing. to return, due - air. the that, I'll modify Well, quiver?"

The Improvement Era for June, 1931 455

winds, we would take the steamer which is reproduced with this ar- a chew of going to that city and return with ticle. When we arrived at L. D. gum to shut

mouths I've our S. headquarters it was raining.the breeze by plane.

we wet sections and off 'rain in different seen as it shot. States but never of the United e JUp ',i engaged later we days W FEW, > 'fH thirtysix along glided JHilo. For into poured which steamer a passage onA the over,"it "slopped simply us hours above carry to hours fourteentook I 1

recording twentyfive inches in that coast of the brief time. When one compares Island of Hajfc * m.h 1

that with the average yearly rainwaii. Below

fifus on the Geo. D Pyper fall around Salt Lake—about

idea northeastern teen inches—one will get an

of how heaven's floodgates opened slopes were up at Hilo. thousands upAll this is preliminary to the on thousands of acres of sugar

subject of the sketch. cane dotted with sugar mills in the

valleys by the seashore. It all

gigreen like a beautiful seemed is field at Hilo aviation HHE PeOver lawn. velvety gantic miles a half and about two Laupahoehoe, Hakalau, peekeo, there city. Arriving the we from beautiful the Honokaa, Paauilo,

J-:: Waipio Valley, to the landing

place at North Kohala we flew, securing a glimpse of the reputed birthplace of the great Hawaiian

King Kamehameha I. After taking

on a Japanese passenger the pilot made straight for the edge of a high cliff overlooking the ocean.

It appeared as if we were surely going to drop over into the water,

Tree Ferns but instead we sailed off into the on the road to Kilauea blue sky.

to our destination, a distance of rose rapship the Kohala miles hundred over two something of altitude an reaching Hilo P*-.[ ROMidly, at Arriving from Honolulu.

we were met by friends of Presi2500 feet and traveling at the dent Waddoups, who showed us rate of one hundred miles an hour.

some of the sights of Hawaii (the The ocean below us was as a sea largest of the "Island group) the of glass. Soon we were out of

most marvelous of which was, of sight of land. What a thrill it

course, the volcano Kilauea. The

golfers on the Island call the great crater the 19 th hole, I suppose Rainbow Falls because its hot stuff. There we near Hilo, Island of Hawaii

found an old fellow who had send to along putter his brought elderly Hafirst an met by a were fire hole. the of center in the ball put around waiian who woman, of a picture to get haste I made silk beautiful a necks of our each

focusing my while and, him her with lei she made had which struck backward, stepped camera, from walked had She hands. own fell and rock projecting small a de- a this. was There to do Hilo

I a moment For head. over heels as she throats in our cided lump the to a sacrifice I be might feared heads. leis our over the placed

dreadful Pele, but heaved a sigh of relief upon discovering that I As we signed the transportawas far lenough away from the tion tickets the humorous (?)

rim of the abyss to be well out of agent said: "I suppose this is the

danger. It is thrilling to realize first time you have ever signed that the very spot on which we your death warrant"—a rather

stood was, a very short time after, gruesome sendoff. After posing

a seething mass of molten lava. for a snap shot we climbed up a

Returning from Kilauea. we ladder and down in the plane's

motored through magnificent highcompartment, made for eight pasways lined with lacy tree ferns sengers. Then the hatch was Fire Hole us each pilot handed closed. visited The also of them. forests We

Volcano and of Kilauea for our ears of cotton a bunch of shot snap Falls, a Rainbow 456 The Improvement Era for June, 1931

was to be sailing over the Pacific volcanoes) through beautiful "the loveliest fleet of Islands that and feeling that we were seeing Manoa, called the Valley of Rainlies anchored in any ocean."

as just ocean of the over Pearl much Honolulu, at one bows, HarFarewell Aloha means to Thee as horizon Lindbergh.time into bor, then the airport, PresiThe means Goodbye, Aloha

all around us was unobstructed. dent Waddoups landing into the It means until we meet again

Presently, however, the Island of arms of his anxious family, I into Beneath the tropic sky;

means Aloha morning Good four a reverie in sight. theMaui came uppermost The thought

true, always to be Andpassengers were of that and two pilots which was I had seen from the best thing that But Aloha means when—whatthoroughly enjoyingstruck us! theIt wassceneas the sky what Mark Twain called Is I love you.

if we were in the clutches of a cyclone. The ship flopped and

floundered, and seemed to fall hunpilot told us dreds of feet. The Antoine Rideway Ivins encounteredafterwards had that we

an unusually severe air pocket. [Continued from page 45 1]

Whatever it was the heads of the passengers struck the ceiling of the into the everyday lives of its memwho can so creditably fill this compartment and President Wadbers that it of necessity must have place. Like his father, he is a

doups tore a rent in his best Sunoflkers who are men of practical natural leader of men, but their daygo-tomeeting coat. I really experience. With this thought in natures are such that they would

thought for a moment our last mind, one can appreciate the methnever seek ecclesiastical leadership.

hour had come, and that the faceod which prevails in the Church The new President Ivins, again tious agent's joke about "signing when any of the general authorilike his father, is a passionate lover ties are chosen. to beour One death warrants"be soon would the great hunof outdoors. an He is history years dred of has a reality. indemon- Strange things come expert horseman all and loves

strated that prepare can one's to the Lord of danmind in moments forms of livestock, and knows desires positions ger. he flash, which in a a men for I remembered, more about them than the average

far better I to occupy themstory before had heard days a few than man who makes his living from fit possibly themselves could soldier lost they of a been had who these things.

while in bathing off Schofield Barif they sought the office. His early education was received racks. A couple of weeks later a Again it has been necessary to

shark had been killed near by and fill a vacancy in one of the general in Mexico, and he is a graduate of in it were found some human bones quorums of the Church, caused by the Juarez Academy. Later he

and the soldier's identification tag. the death of President Rey L. Pratt attended the school of JurispruWhile floundering in the air pocket of the First Council of Seventy; dence in the City of Mexico for

I thought: "Well, here's the finish and Antoine Ridgeway Ivins has three years, and afterwards studied

at law Arbor, Michigan. Ann He is place. called to the been I feared, I've He don't always but

is also a graduate of the University the type the of Church man mem- I like sharks. even haven't an of taking a Utah, Bachelor of Arts will bership delighted to sustain be identification tag."However, we degree in engineering. as their one of the the in water,didn't land but officers—practical, hardheaded, industrious, with and itself ship steadied landed andgood

at another airport on the Island of a spirituality which is ingrained jDY natural inclination, he has alhis inhe chosen ways pursuits whichMaui. in

herited from both have nature—qualitieshis ancestors on brought into close him

A GAIN taking the air we soared sides of the house; and to these tact with nature. For several yearscon-

* over that beautiful land; over qualities he has added an excellent he operated a large ranch in the

the city of Wailuku where Presimodern education. vicinity of Enterprise, Utah, and

dent Waddoups pointed out the for two years was superintendent

L. farming was born IVINS operations LDER May of of the boys - 1 1, 1 8 8Iao 1, at St. George, Utah, at the school in Centerville, Lund D. Valley—theS. meeting house;"Yosemitethen overof P

Hawaii;"again above the ocean the son of President Anthony W. Utah. On May 2, 1021, Elder

with Lani, "the pineapple kingIvins and Elizabeth Snow Ivins, Ivins was set apart by his father dom,"to the left and a little later and in June, 1912, married Vilate to labor as a missionary in the to the right the island of Molokai Romney, the ceremony being perHawaiian Islands, where he has where the Kaulapapa leper settleformed in the Salt Lake Temple. since labored, his especial assignment is located, and where modern Not only does he succeed the ment being to manage the Laie

methods of prevention and treatlate President Pratt in the council Sugar Plantation on the Island of ment have been applied by the of the Seventies, but also as the Oahu, Hawaii. This plantation

government with gratifying represident of the Mexican mission, surrounds the temple erected there sults. a position he is admirably adapted by the Church and is one of the

Now Oahu, the Island upon to fill, as he has spent many years most delightful spots on those which Honolulu is located is dimof his life in Mexico, knows the scenic islands. On the same date

ly seen in the distance. Another habits of the people, and has a his wife, Vilate Romney Ivins, was

slight pocket dip and then we fly thorough knowledge of the lanset apart as a missionary by the over Diamond Head, the punchguage. It is fortunate for the late Charles W. Penrose to labor

bowl (both remainders of ancient Church that a man has been found as a missionary with her husband.

Additional Internal Evidence of the Authenticity of the Book of Mormon By I. B. BALL

II shaking of the earth's crust, since trie discharges that momentarily that is well enough known by readlight the clouds of dust thrown

are escaping flames times true seen actual of the "After quaking of consideration a to turnIT will be necessary now ten ers everywhere, he writes as follows: up out of the fissure. But somefissure. the the This from was the earth the and wonderful most that order in we earthquakes, case Listhe earthquake during of is impressive varigreat the thing these phenomena comparemay fire burst bon, 1755, when noises. ety of sounds and These references of Bookwith Mormon places: fissures several at through occur the earth not while only parallelism if our notethereto, to for flame a lambent with burning are crust the passing waves through also. hereholds hours. some at place, also before long but any a has J. Houston E. Professor

chapter entitled, "Some of the Phethe principal shocks reach the place "Mallet asserts that in many nomena of Earthquakes."1 He as well as long after they have cases the clouds of smoke observed

describes six phenomena, to wit: passed. do not consist of true smoke like

1. Violent shaking of the earth's "Among some of the more inthat produced when wood and

are incompletely matters fire vegetable teresting are the phenomena of sounds varietycrust. 2. A great is only ordinary air burned, but to that are seen and smoke come smoke 3. Fire landand noises.

from fissures that have been rent out of fissures that have been rent mixed with sulphurous acid gas in the ground. 4. Tidal waves on in the ground. It is possible that and various other gases.

the coast. 5. Great loss of life. in many cases these flashes of fire 'Tidal waves as at Callaoi Peru,

6. Great changes in the earth's surare in reality produced by the elec1687, Lisbon, 1755, Japan, 1854.

face. "Great loss of

The Book pf life. As a rule great

Mormon account of earthquake shocks the fateful calamicause a very large ties, recorded in III loss of life, as for

Nephi, remarkably instance:

parallels these speci- "Lisbon,60,000, fic characteristics of Morocco 40,000, earthquakes as here Calabria 50,000, set down by a careSyria (A. D. 19

ful student of earth and 526) 120,000, science. If the paralSyria (later) 50,-

lel is striking when 000, Antioch, 602 one reads merely the A. D., 60,000, Anabove list, the fuller tioch, 526 A. D.,

description by pro250,000, Alexanfessor Houston candria, 365 A. D.,

not fail to be truly 60,000, Messina, impressive. 1692, 74,000, Messina, 100,- 1908,TMSCUSSING 000, Japan, 1731,*-* these phenomena of earthquakes 100,000, Japan,

in the same order as 19 2 3, 200,000, mentioned above Quito, 1797, 40,- and omitting his 000, India, 893, reference to violent 180,000, India, 17 3 7, 300,000, *E. J. Houston, "The

chapter A part of the city of Uncas, Machu Pkchu, perched a-top of the Assam, India, 1897,Atmosphere,"24. Andes mountains. 150,000, etc.

458 The Improvement Era for June, 1931

falls full of mysterious menace, everyone life light, because of the darkloss of commenting be no on theTN silent, face turns with fear, mute and every ness, neither says: torch, candle, neither earthquakes, Mallet by4 pale.

'Such are the numbers to be met "Warned by their instincts the very neither could there be kindled any with in the narratives, and if we animals are seized with alarm; dogs howl fire with their exceeding fine wood,

suppose that there occurs one great with terror, and the plow horse appears so that there could not be any all."earthquake in every three years over tofartherbrace apart.himselfMeanwhileby plantingthe hisnoisehoofsinlight at

the whole earth, and that this increases, and one seems to hear a long line Here then, in brief, we have volves the entombment of only ten of wagons, heavily laden with old iron, described a thick darkness having a brass, rumbling over hollow roadway of peculiar attributes: three it could beings, thatthousand and human

is while battery of cannon a whole felt, disbe it overpowered huthe our ofsuch has been many economy trembles, charged. the then ground And

system for the last four thousand rises and falls, whirls round, opens, and man beings, and it would not supyears we shall have a number repre- a frightful abyss yawns before the terport combustion, that is, nothing senting above thirteen millions of scenes,rified observers.the stoutest Inhearttheispresencepanicstricken."of such carefully,would burnhowever,in it. Letthat itthisbe noteddarkpeople swallowed thus suddenly

up, with countless other bodies of Compare all this with the short ness settled down onl7 after, the animals of every lower order.'phrases of the Book of Mormon: first three hours of destruction.

"Great changes in the earth's "The earth did tremble, and the (IIINephi 8:19.)

surface features. Necessarily the rocks did * * * rend, and [there A noted authority, Dr. G. Hartprogress of a great earthquake wave were] dreadful groanings * * * wig, 3 discusses gases and vapors

will produce great changes in the and tumultuous noises."The harthat emanate from vents in the

earth's surface features: for exammony in the two accounts is selfsurface of the earth. He says that

ple landslides, where immense layevident. And if "in the presence carbonic acid gas and carburetted

ers of clay or other material slip of such scenes the stoutest heart is hydrogen are two gases that often or slide to a lower level and are panicstricken,"then there is little proceed from the earth's crust at thrown across the course of a river, wonder that we read in the III various places. The former, he

causing its waters to be dammed up Nephi's record of "the mourning, says, comes forth in incredible and then by spreading to form a and the weeping, and the wailing quantities in certain regions. Now,

great lake. of the people."as is well known, carbonic acid

"Permanent changes of level are gas will not support combustion, frequently caused by earthquakes "O EFERRING now to the vapors and is hard to breathe. He conas for example the coast of Chile and smoke mentioned by Protinues, "A light dipped in carduring the earthquake of 1822, fessor Houston in the foregoing, bonic acid gas is immediately exwhen the coast for many miles was I should like to try to reinforce tinguished and every animal in

raised from three to four feet above what he has to say and to add haling it is liable to instant suffoits former level. some data on darkness sometimes cation."

"In other cases the level of the attending earthquakes. This beNow since these gases are known

ground is permanently lowered. cause the darkness is a very promto emanate from crevices and holThis occurred in the Bengal earthinent part of the record, lasting lows in the earth's crust at many

quake in 1762, when an area of three days, thus fulfilling the proplaces, it naturally follows, of some sixty square miles suddenly phecy which especially had mencourse, that any earthquake may sank. tioned this phenomena. It is reconceivably loose them to spread

"In some cases of a change in ferred to as "thick darkness, insoover the face of the land therelevel of the ground, large areas are much that the inhabitants * * * abouts. And it would seem fair,

raised in one place and lowered in could feel the vapor of darkness."tentatively, to contend that some

another, rivers take new courses And again, "the vapor of smoke such thing as this is what happened and their old courses are completeoverpowered"many people, and at the time of the three days of ly obliterated.""the vapor of darkness,"was of darkness among the Nephites.

such a nature that "there could flOING back to the very beginTWO further references to the ning of Professor Houston's 3 "Volcanoes and Earthquakes,"by G. presence of darkness as a conremarks, it will be noted that he Hartwig. comitant of earthquakes may be

prominently mentions sounds and cited. They are from Hobb's innoises as among the six comteresting book, "Some Great

mon phenomena that accomEarthquakes Described."

earthquakes. Henripany And the catastrophy Lisbon Of

naturalistFabre, 2 the French says, day was almost "The I darkest hour jfc he asserts: popular author,and immediately night, turned into in drty &>J>\ man's

thickness the of owing to the life is yJhen he N, \ are often "Earthquakes preceded bysubterranean noises announcing the sits dovJn too )\ dust from the shaken city.

ten, in chaptercatastrophe First, there to come. Hobbs, And

the dull rumble that reminds one of is Yjilm hovJtov-x, j in speaking of the American distant thunder, swelling in volume, et money vJith- j quake, states: "The earthquake swelling,then diminishing, then

again, as if some storm were beshocks which in the winter of ginning to break far beneath the 181112 in the United States earth's surface. At this -sound, so produced the 'sunk country,'

2 Henri Fabre, "This Earth of along the lower Mississippi

Ours."river, were felt through the

The Improvement Era for June, 1931 459

eastern portion of the U. S. and darkness during these three days be "At the same time the sea,

as far west as exploration had satisfactorily explained in terms of which had at first receded from gone. * * * And it was especially wellknown and verified events. the shore, returned, and piled up

worthy of note because of the sulThere are several authentic acits waters to a depth of fortyeight phurous gases emitted. About two counts of the opening of abysses feet above the usual level, hurling

o'clock in the night of December and the swallowing up of towns its furious waves over the town.

16, 1811, there came a severe earth and parts of cities therein. It "To the conflagration that had

shock accompanied by a noise that will be well to present these now. started was added this tumultuous

resembled loud and near thunder First recall the words of the Book flood, and the greater part of what * * * and this was followed in of Mormon, "Many great and was not already destroyed disap- a moment by saturation of the atnotable cities were sunk."Menpeared. In sixty minutes sixty

mosphere with sulphurous vapor. tion is also made of the nine cities thousand people had perished.

The vapor has been described in that were destroyed by sinking at "While this was taking place connection with subsequent shocks this time. at Lisbon, and while the lofty

as of a purplish hue and resembling mountains of Portugal were shaken * * this in connection, atsmoke. December now * Between A ND they so that foundations, to their

* to a tend description of the 16, 1811, and 1812, *"March 16, broke split open, and their summits no less than 1874 shocks were earthquake at Lisbon, Portugal, off, the same frightful disturbance recorded. * * * At about four November 1, 1755. Henri Fabre4 was making itself felt in northern

o'clock in the afternoon of Febsays: "The populous capital of Africa. Morocco. Fez, and Meruary seventh * * * [the shock] Portugal, which no longer seemed quinez were overthrown, and a

was accompanied by a charge of to threaten, was engaged in its town of ten thousand inhabitants sulphurous vapor in the atmosbusiness and other concerns, when was swallowed up in an abyss that phere and an unusual darkness suddenly on November 1, 1755, suddenly opened and as suddenly which greatly added to the terror there was heard underground a closed."

of the people. * * * The emission mighty noise like the continuous

of sulphurous vapors,has often rolling of thunder; then the TN reading of this fearful destruebeen mentioned in connection with ground, violently shaken, seemed A tion please especially keep in mind

earthquakes and doubtless usually to whirl round, rise, and fall, and the disastrous sinking of the quay results from the liberation of sulin a moment the city was nothing at Lisbon, and also the account of phuretted hydrogen. * * * The but a heap of ruins, and dead the town of ten thousand people

importance which such vapors acbodies. The population, still rein north Africa, that was "swalquire in connection with the New maining, had sought a refuge from lowed up In an abyss that sudMadrid earthquake (New Madrid the fall of shattered buildings by denly opened and as suddenly

was the name then given to this huddling together on a broad quay closed."And with this narrative

part of the country) appears to running along the water front. All before you, read, if you will, the

be much greater than usual, but at once the quay was swallowed full account in III Nephi 5 and see the abundance and agreement of up by the waves, taking with it for yourself the incidents therein testimony concerning the atmosthe terrified throng, together with that parallel the sinking of the phere after the hard shocks is conthe boats, and ships moored there. quay at Lisbon and of the town

vincing."Not a single victim, not a scrap of ten thousand. As we have

rose of wreckage, to the surface. before, it speaks the of mentioned in the accuracy a believer And opened that abyss had An cities great that and notable had "many wouldof the Book of Mormon

the swallowed waters up themwere mentions sunk"and by name like the that abundance to add selves, the quay, the people; and cities that the nine were destroyed the testimony of agreementand

it closed and then keeping had this at time. sinking by bfter atmosphere theconcerning them forever.the extremely hard shocks in 34 The writer confesses to be one

A. D. in Central and northern 5 III Nephi, 10. who has read these sacred accounts

South America is also convincing. of the many cities that were sunk,

The emission of sulphurous va-'and has often felt a disturbing pors which have often been sense of vague unreality in the mentioned in connection with laconic statements, though, of earthquakes, causing darkness course, not doubting the recand the appearance of smoke, ords. But after the realistic narand the emanation of carbonic rative by Fabre just set before

acid gas that is known to proyou, a sense of relieving reality ceed in incredible quantities can not be denied. The sacred

from vents in the surface of the records are found to be wonearth and that will extinguish drously true to facts now well any light that is dipped into it known to accurate observers and and may suffocate animal life to students of this earth of ours these, or comparable gases, were and its sad cataclysmic history.

simply present in unwonted abundance at that time. Thus '"THERE is still another passage

may all the phenomena of the *- that may perhaps be illumined, namely the passage refer4Henri Fabre, "This Earth of Ours,"\Continued on page 494] s

[Note: This, the eighth of a secies of

frontier narratives written by Carter.

Grant, gives us much valuable information never before published in our L. D.

articles theS. in Magazines/ former The Perils Encountered

the of a Death Crip are: "In"Era"

Grizzly;""On the Trail Ahead of the

Mormons;""When Jed Met the Comanches;""Jim Bridger Encounters the

First toRed Men;""The White Man by Early Trappers Salt the Great "Again Lake;"View

Bridger Fights the Indians;""Bridger'Indian Wife Dies."—Editors.]

By ET us go back a moment to CARTER E. GRANT dezvousthe close ofon thethefamousWeberrenin L 1826. When the three or four

Illustrated by hundred trappers split into their various groups, Jedediah S. Smith

Everett Thorpe trailed south through Utah to the

Colorado and thence to California; General Ashley moved

back to St. Louis; while Jim Bridger, Fitzpatrick, Jackson, Beckwourth and others visited Cache

Valley, the upper Snake River including Idaho Falls, St. Anthony

and the country thereabouts. To

the trappers'joy, they found the

Snakes and Blackfeet enjoying a brief season of peace and all of them anxious to trade with the whites. Beckwourth says that he

The Improvement Era for June, 1931 461

was sent north forty or fifty miles knife. He next tells how he drifted deprived of all three, while the

into what is now Western Monout into the wilds one afternoon, perpetrator mercilessly gloated in tana, northwest from the Yellowand his quick ear caught sounds that self justification at striking so fruitstone Park. Here he met unusual at first he mistook for a beaver, ful a bargain. This treachery,

success, obtaining not only thirtybut upon drawing nearer saw a nevertheless, soon proved costly nine hundred pounds of fine red man stripped of his clothes, enough, and had fewer than four beaver hides from the former ridding himself of lice and other or five hundred men been gathblood-thirsty Blackfeet, but two vermin. At his feet lay a splendid ered at the rendezvous, more

more young wives as well, this adrifle and a highly colored robe, than likely all would have met dition making him three houseon his head, a scalp! A moment complete annihilation; for at

keepers. later and the bleeding form was daybreak the next morning, twenCHORTLY after Beck-

*-* wourth's return to the Snake River rendezvous,"writes Alter, "fortyfour Blackfoot Indians were detected stealing the trappers'horses. Being pursued # the

Indians sought shelter in a thicket of dry brush, which was fired, causing the frightened Indians to file out one by one,"and, according to Beckwourth, every savage forfeited his scalp, Beckwourth himself doing expert service with the lifting

iw9m$>mK%* 462 The Improvement Era for June, 1931

tyfour hundred Blackfeet swooptwo trappers. Again there was squaws, who had been left behind

ed down upon the stronghold. war. The fearless Jim Bridger was in the fight, whom we carried back

The men flew to arms and their chosen captain, and with horses and gave to the Snakes.

expert marksmanship soon had the made ready by the squaws, off "On our informing the Snakes savages scurrying to safety, leavhe and his warriors sped, anxious of what had taken place, they ing one hundred sixtyseven dead for the fray, and such a host of expressed great delight. 'Right!'

and wounded in the hands of the rough, sharpshooters, expert in they said. 'Punnacks very bad Inwhites. But what of the trappers? wilderness maneuvering, pitted dians.'"Then all hands joined

That afternoon Bridger directed against a poorly prepared tribe as in a hilarious and hideous scalp the burial of fifteen of his comwas this Bannock faction, was not dance. Beckwourth leaves us to

panions, most of whom left their likely to return emptybelted, nor guess the feelings of the captive wives and children to the mercy did they. women during the procedure and

of the wilderness. Oftimes, howThe wily Bannocks, scenting a their fate in the days that folever, other men, taking pity on massacre, deserted their village and lowed.

the widows took them into fled. Their tracks, nevertheless, Thus were the various tribes

their lodges, even though they alwere picked up and for fortyfive well schooled in the white man's ready owned a house keeper. The miles the trappers pursued in hot ways for some twenty odd years

dead men on this occasion were haste, growing more angry at every before the "Mormons"arrived on not the only sufferers, for a nummile. Upon seeing the swift apthe scene. No doubt the Indians

ber of women and children were proach of their enemy, the Indians, remembered the injustice heaped killed and fifty or sixty trappers thinking to save themselves, hurupon them when they commenced wounded. Surely some price for ried across to an Island in Green the "Walker Wars"six years after

a rifle, scalp and blanket! Again River. the arrival of the Pioneers.

the next day, during a minor con- "What shall we do now, Jim?"

flict, "seventeen Indians bit the Beckwourth says Bridger asked "DRIDGER and his men with dust"and, incidentally, were left him, for Beckwourth's name was their wives and children, to bake in the summer sun, stripped also Jim. moved up to Black Fork Creek

of scalps and clothing. "I will cross to the other side into the very heart of the enemy

with onehalf of the men,"Beckcountry, the Blackfeet. "It was

T\7HEN the wounded were able wourth suggested, "and get abreast always our custom,"says Beckto travel, the crowd moved of the island. Their retreat will wourth, "before turning out our

in a body southward, thence thus be cut off, and we can exhorses in the morning, to send out through the mountains eastward terminate them in their trap."spies to reconnoitre, and see if any

toward Green River. While they "Go,"said Bridger. "I will Indians were lurking about to steal

were trading with the friendly take them if they attempt to make them. When preparing to move

Snakes, a tribe of Bannocks, who this shore."one morning from the last named

were in disrepute with the trapcreek, we sent out two men, but pers over some previous trouble, BECKWOURTH continues, "I they had not proceeded twenty appeared on the scene, and during was soon in position, and the yards from our corral before a an altercation the angry Bannocks enfilading commenced, and was dozen shots were fired at them by killed a Snake Indian and wounded continued until there was not one a party of Blackfeet, bringing them left of their sex of any age. from their horses severely woundWe carried back four hundred ed. In a moment the whole camp

and eightyeight scalps, and, was in motion! The savages made

as we had supposed, annihi- a bold and desperate attempt to lated the Punnack band. On rush upon the wounded men and

our return, however, we get their scalps, but we were on found six or eight of their the ground in time to prevent this.

The Improvement Era for June, 1931 463

and drove them back, killing four the more efficient one, of from one The captain of each mess reof their number. to ten dollars, on the company's ceived the daily catch and credited

'The next day we were overbooks."each man accordingly. Supplies,

taken by the Snakes who were other than fresh meat, mountain delighted at seeing the four black CINCE all fines were taken fromberries and various roots, ranged scalps from their foes the Black- * the trapper's wages, each man, at astonishing prices, almost profeet. When the Snakes were ready, as well as his Indian wife, took hibitive for the common trader,

we all moved on together for the pride "in making an acceptable for coffee, sugar, flour, etc., had

head of the Green Riv-'T"to be carried more er, the Indians numthan a thousand miles bering six or seven on the backs of mules thousand, including and horses, such carawomen and children; vans arriving but once

our number was near- a year.

ly eight hundred altogether, forming quite a formidable little army, N "The Adventures or, more properly, a I o f Oregon,"b y moving city. The Skinnner, p. 181, we

number of horses besee depressing days of longing to the whole midwinter; here apcamp was immense."pears Dorian, a halfbreed Indian with his

squaw and two chilTXT HENEVER the dren. The man was

Indians joined acting as guide on the with the white trapSnake river for W. P.

pers, they became subHunt's explorers. I

ject to the orders of shall quote Skinner;

the White Chief who "In the bleak and at this time was Wilsnowy dawn of the liam L. Sublette. The thirtieth, (December)

whites had been organthe Sioux woman beized and disciplined in gan to be in travail;

military fashion by 1 and Hunt, divided beGeneral William Ashtween his sense of duty ley, and Sublette's men toward the expedition were divided into and his feelings of hu- "messes"of eight or manity, hesitated ten each, with a capabout taking up the tain over the group. day's march. Food

This captain was fully was very scanty. Every

responsible for the behour of delay was havior of his company; thus report."One who (has particidangerous. Dorian, too, urged

we read, "Every article in the pated today in a camping trip, him to go on. The party, thereequipment for each man or for realizes somewhat that if Bridger, fore, pressed forward, while Dorihis horses was charged to him Sublette, Jackson, Fitzpatrick, or an and his children remained with

in a book of records; and every any other promotor anticipated the woman. If Hunt cast an

change in personnel from day to profits from a huge body of hunanxious look back at the lonely day was reported to the capgry men, details, though trivial, camp in the wilderness, he may tain. * * * Efficient service and must receive supervised attention, have seen, through the falling

strict obedience were required of showing which "mess was eating snow, the figure of the halfbreed every trapper. The guns were alits head off"and which carried bent over the fire close to that

ways kept in perfect order, and margins of credit. Accordingly, dark heap on the ground where

were often inspected carefully; a any trapper drawing constantly his mate contended against the

gun was never discharged in camp upon the storehouse and seldom malign powers of cold and starvaon any provocation short of an leaving furs for credit soon reached tion for the life bound up in hers.

Indian fight."These men of nethe end of his contract, and, once On the following day Dorian

cessity had to perform various dismissed as an unprofitable sertramped into camp, leading the activities required vant, werecamp and slackas a he became branded skeleton horse er,to proficient at their tasks, become virtually ostracised, and found which—perhapsin this emergency with mind—hefor their lodges visited difficulty were at getting and a job with repeatedly refused kill for other had to

their outfits inspected regularly, managers. Therefore, sensing the food. On its back sat the Sioux

"and if a crude piece of work was stigma of being let out or specified woman with her newborn baby found, whether it was trap repairas a hangeron, the men kept dilin her arms and her twoyear-old ing, halter making, gun cleaning igently at their traps, searching for boy dangling in a basket fastened knifeor sharpening, fields, a neighbor their and doing new later utmost to her body."week we A asked a creditwas credits to do it, and on the to show monthly read, the days "For Overtwo

transferred from the delinquent to balance sheet. [Continued on page 496]

AReal Hero By EVELYN WOOD

Illustrated by Paul S. Clowes

Ml

:"i

I SIT

on that vine covered porch looking at a glorious world. The sun

is slipping softly into the golden west, and its pink and orange veils flutter gently in the evening breezes. As I turn I behold that the

mother of light has cast her glory upon my friend. His back no

longer seems bent, but straight, as it was of yore; his eyes have beto come to Adam's world, in the way to market the opportunity

come brighter and the rows of big city of London, far across the came, but in a different form from wrinkles, each carved with meticusea. London is essentially a city the one that I had dreamed of.

lous care, in the glory of the setting of dreams. Its youth burn with A man was struggling for life in

sun are ironed flat against the the desire to surmount the diffithe River Thames. All the odds

swarthy brow. His skin resembles culties of life and bring glory to seemed against him, for no one

one who loves Nature's golds and dear old England and themselves. had as yet been able to battle these

browns and lives with them. Poor people, rich people, slums and whirlpools and climb back to the

"Oh, tell me a story,"I cry, palaces, fashionable parties and shore. The sun had slipped be-

"tell me of the days when your rows of beggars in squalid povhind a cloud. My future became

hair was golden and your arm erty, are all a part of this big city. indescribably blurred with the

was sure and strong."It was in such a place that I had present. There was really not any

it. Without a my dreams, my hopes, and my time to consider

SATISFIED smile ambitions. Sixteen of these obthought of the consequences I Ahis face, and in a few scure but happy years were way jumped into those surging waters, creeps over

moments an old young man's voice behind me, as I marched onward, grabbed the man, larger than mybegins: and toward the better things of self, and succeeded in bringing him

"It was a long time ago, my life. All that I seemed to need to the bank in safety. This deed

dear, many years before you chose was a chance, and one day on my caused much comment through all

The Improvement Era for June, 1931 465

Too well did 1 know how hostile were out red friends, so I turned westward and rode stealthily away.

happiness of spirit. My next

move, therefore, was to come to

America and Zion. In the latter part of June I set sail from

arrived land in and my native England, but it became much Salt in the early part Lake City greater just when, weeks two later, of October. following The the lifeI saved the of Honorable spring called I was by Brig- A satisfied smile creeps over his fact,C. Paul's of the Saint C. Clark in a few moments an old young I and Young, that ham knew who

river.Church, in a nearby begins. man's voice The daring, was unafraid to and be a

Reverend Clark was very well pony express rider; and since I had

known on the continent as well learned the Indian customs, their as in England, therefore this deed tribe leaders, and parts of their ning were beginning to gather and was brought to the attention of the language, I welcomed the task. this was anything but a nice placequeen who took a decided interest to spend the night; but upon turnin the fairhaired lad who dared "One very hot afternoon while ing to ride away, another band of

to match his strength with that of I was riding in the sagebrush a Indians completely surrounded me.

demon rivers. She had the affair band of Indians appeared in the There was no other choice, so I

rehearsed in the British Parliament, distance. Too well did I know handed over my gun and submitted

where in the presence of a full how hostile were our red friends, myself to their demands.

court and the"Reverend Clark, the so I turned westward and rode queen herself awarded me this stealthily away. In the distance

small gold medal, fashioned when was a small log house, seemingly JYLY clothes were rudeRome was great, and held by the deserted, so in a moment I had ly torn from my back, and great queens of England until it came dismounted and opened the door. heavy cords were tied securely

into my possession. What a terrible sight! There on around my arms and legs. I was

the floor lay a white man whom then bound to an old tree stump the Indians had scalped. A tomain an upright position, and left

Jjf June, 1862, greater hawk pinned each shoulder to the by myself some thirty feet from things than this had happened to floor, while six spear heads, like the center of their camp. All the

me. I had found the true Church rows of buttons, adorned his vest braves had formed in a circle on

of God, and with it that greatest and coat. The grey clouds of eveone side of the chief's teepee. There

466 The Improvement Era for June, 1931 were wild motions with their why it is that I am so sure that hands, then periods of silence, and JTATRIARCH GEO. W. LARthere is a 'Spirit in the skies?'It

angry mutterings before the verKIN was a member of the Fifth was the power of heaven that

Stake the Ogden of fall ward Mount to from cords those of caused my After reached. finallydict was

his death before in 1927. He Zion strength ankles. wrists and The decreed council grave hadthe my is and love great with remembered knock enabled me to Lord of the went and all rosefate, up they fortunate those were respect by who

about their tasks as if totally unin knowing him. This information an Indian twenty feet away with

girl to a given when was me disable him. as to force The of such the In presence. ofaware my

strict fifteen, the comunder but protected is that he to God, glory breaking the I hear coulddistance it after until publish to not mand a marvelous manner such me in not did why but knowof twigs, told the time me he his death. At

they would have a fire on such a the story we sat on his front porch and sent me on my way to deliver remarked he the family and of home mail that had been delayed all the as this. They werewarm night told never that he had afterward this time. high and leavespiling the wood greater feeling than that story with

around a post which had been he had to me that afternoon.

driven into the ground. On one IT was just a year

side of the camp sat a young brave later that I was sent to the Misengaged in inspecting a newlymy soul. This trust in an insissippi river country to settle a

made tomahawk, while on the finite power vanquished my fear, dispute for Brigham Young. My

other side the women were making and filled my whole being with brother went with me to look after ready the dance instruments. There courage. I would live! some land interests, and he and

in the air and excitement standing the brethren were of much was some piled the advancing "Steadily up mystery. great talking, river the of the banks some on Indian the young came wood

I a to neighboring while went grew stack of the wood "As and step slow brave. was His

higher the question as to its pursteady, his head erect and the firefarmhouse which was located not pose, became clear. I was being light gleamed in those flashing very far away. It seems that while

escorted to the top and bound to black eyes. Hate, hate for the he was speaking he stepped too

of the the edge, part near and the post. began "war Now redesire the for white man, and

his loose beneath broke ground going braves his a of part whole that was venge thedance"—seventeen

feet, into throwing backwards him other, the seventeen and way one before life his ancestors of that and before these black, gurgling waters lighted. torch, a carrying each breast! his in One smouldered him,

at side his well aware those were bent were heads, their went Down scalplock. held strong hand A my it. seen the of having Anyone straight their backs, up and now raced through shudder quick my of river Mississippi spring in the shouts, Yells, came. they again I free! entire body. The was

after the year, melting the snows cries, accompanbloodcurdling and in great the so of was power Lord their part, well have added might ied the steady by TumTum-Tum fell in cords the heavy that me realize finding the of hopelessness the excited the musicmakers of ankles. pieces hands and from my alive. either or the dead body a frenzy. into Indians of crowd the I a in breath of deep drank

I the nearby had farmhouse From still. appointed stopped The They his air, raised as he precious and

a in for help the cry heard and the stepped forward from brave I struck me, other toward hand the bank. few was on moments circle. me. eyes turned toward All left a the under such blow him brethren where showed me The

feetfell ribs that back he many last seen, begged the but was body helpless.

UNTIL this time I me not to risk my life, for the had been rather amused at these "Then silence, with me on top waters were so heavily laden with very grotesque proceedings, but of a funeral pyre with my head mud that one could not see two now the seriousness of my situaupward thrown, muttering a inches below the surface. My

tion dawned upon me. This was prayer of thanksgiving to my God; brother was so dear to me that

my funeral pyre! My ceremony! every Indian on his knees. The nothing was too great a risk if

I was going to die in this most flames from the huge bonfire seem there was a chance to save his life.

cruel manner, a sacrifice to the to sanctify the space around us. Immediately I jumped into those

heathen gods of revenge. What Here, indeed, was 'holy ground'thick mud waves, crawled along

could I do! Then I recalled the shut off from the cruel black night the bottom of the river until I

words in my patriarchal blessing beyond the trees, I walked down could feel a body, brought it to very clearly, saying that I should from the pile of wood among the surface and then to the shore.

live to a good old age in Zion them, and they called me the Here we applied first aid and reand be blessed with many children. 'Spirit from the skies.'Yock spiratory exercises until my brother

Neither of these blessings had been came forward and bowed before was breathing again. This was

fulfilled as yet. They were mine me, and we walked toward his the fourth person that I had saved

if I wanted them! I did not dare tent, while the braves followed from drowning in a deep river.

to surrender this life without a close behind. A big circle was again

glorious struggle! The God who formed, but I was included this L:'IFE in the early days

had promised me those blessings time, and after they had smoked of Deseret, even to the everyday could save me for them! I closed the long black peace pipe, I was inhabitant was crowded with incimy eyes and whispered a prayer given my pick of the Indian horses, dents which might have turned infor strength. The value of life but they told me 'not let White to real tragedy. So many things

seemed greater than it ever had beman kill Redman.'were left to our own judgment,

fore. A mighty peace came over "You see, my dear little girl, [Continued on page 503]

'He dropped his hat on the ground beside him, and unfastened the neck of his shirt.

Fossil Fabric

By VILATE RA1LE

passing at the together old mourned man braced Illustrated by death in tree evenhis back THEagainst the trunk, and of comrades;

and grasping his thigh together Fielding K. Smith. they were going to lie side by side.

with the crotch of his wooden He wouldn't tell them that this leg, thrust it forward, that his was the one thing he couldn't do.

but slideback might gradually not understand, down would They the tree. Jim, and he had His bulky, withering they buried smell, the burned mill with its the day

form hit the earth with a thump, hiding places, and his dog—no, stood with bared head at the grave,and the bones of his other leg of course, Rex was gone—he was he was sure, very sure he was going

creaked as he straightened it in as foolish as Rip Van Winkle exaway for "that."

things to as they be were;front of him. a pecting "Purty of had grass much the labels on The worse, he was he'd been three gone for a peg."walk last his dropped these He fast up springing been times as as long Rip. Anyhowhat the on beside ground him, would "they"soon years. Very it home, was and home's the onlyunfastened the neck his shirt, of was He "Over."all going be place die. to hisand wet, of mopped dusty people brow If the home. going

with an already moist bandana. Darton would let him rest by his

weedscraggly their in mother "Peter Stuyvesant,"so dubbed Soldier's T.HE Home combe more he'd cemetery, grown sixtymore than years before, when served had well these years; many indian been had fortable.his He appearance disregard and for the cronies old like seemed kin. hoped he and a boy when vidualhandicap had suggested likethe tell not He dared of his them purhis identity. reclaimness, was if he pose; they he knew try to to would home—yes,could would be glad to make folks his Besides, home of dissuade him, besides and he goingit—the

boyhood. None of the folks would couldn't tell them goodbye. He have an old Civil War Veteran

be there, he was the last one. But was breaking the rhythm, for they live in Darton for a while, they

the orchard, the swimming hole, had fought together, lived together, might enjoy giving him a military the old cellar with the appley told their stories to each other, [Continued on page 487]

ANSWER

GENET BINGHAM DEE

Illustrated hy Paul S. Clowes

IETRO sat idle at his loom. As the sunsank lowerPits rays found the window in the cramped

attic room, and the gold and purple and mauve tints of the woof gleamed. But Pietro was not thinking of

this, nor yet of the pattern slowly coming to life in his tapestry. No! That sinister look on his brow tokened

,'"., thoughts.other

be idle at.u-this uhour. It was unusual for Pietro to

For three years, ever since his mother's death, it had been his custom to arise before dawn and apply himself diligently to. his loom. Only when he did this was he able

to spend two precious hours of daylight at his canvas.

The tapestries sold well, but the pictures? Ah that was

a different story! They fed his soul.

It all came back to him now, as it often did at eyentime with the long shadows and the fading of the bright day, all the sorrow of that morn-

J had begun day ago. That three yearsing

toil. |;- of chains of histhe forging

r OR two years he had feasted his passion for art at the great school at Milan. The days

had seemed all too few for the great adventure. His mother

had sent him there after his father's death, he protesting a little, because he knew there was no money for art school. There

had always been too little for the bare necessities, for there was a debt to be paid. He couldn't

remember when he did not know about this debt. He had

never known what it was, how it came, merely that it hung over their household like a weighted thing, like something dark, shutting out the light pleasures that came into the lives of other boys, even poor boys, for most of his friends knew want. Norma entered unnoticed. But he had been able to forShe stood enraptured—

get all this in his new joy. The breathless.

The Improvement Era for June, 1931 469

!! -. Si SSL—

He turned to his easel. He tried to call once more the vision of r\t & 0i

beauty which had vanished with interruption, but all in vain.

said, 'Nonna, Nonna—do lesson with the master—the maszling white, that his mother was—She ter with the big understanding in ill. He must come at once! And not let him—do not let him eive

his heart! The art galleries! Did even the "at once"had been too up his painting'!"

he ever dream of such a feast! For late. He passed his hands over

he had a pulsing passion for his eyes, to brush away the picture beauty, almost deeper than life itof how she had looked when he JTIETRO remembered self. He walked through them saw her, so thin and worn and today too well how the words had

breathless, trembling, fearful lest old, she who was not old. It was stung him into full realization of

he should waken and find them the child, Nonna, as his mother althe price he had let her pay. From

unreal, vanished! He drank so ways called her, who went in with that moment a hardness had been

deeply that he forgot to wonder Pietro, slipping up and putting her born in his heart, a hardness how his mother was finding the arm through his. She had a against a world and the God of a

money, but then life holds so many mothering way, although little world who would allow such inthrills when one is twenty. Then, more than a child herself, for she justice. And against his hardened

too, he still remembered how she was two years younger than he. heart the prayers of the Padre

looked when she said to him, "At "Pietro,"she had said softly, echoed up a mockery in his ears.

last it has come true, the dream!"hard thoughts unhad grown "forgive—if you'd rather be alone, Thetil scorn and hate were beginning but I—Pietro—I was with her at to trace their patterns on features

A,.ND then had come the last. It was her wish—she where beauty had bestowed much. last words for you -—"As if all of that were notthe news, black upon swift, dazgave—she told

470 The Improvement Era for June, 1931

enough,"his bitter thoughts ran, I know you will! You paint such "Pietro,"he began, then hesitated,

"Old Vixen with his demands lovely ladies. When I heard, I pressing his lips tightly together,

littlethe debt!"He understood now just had to come—Think only! then opening them with awhat the debt was, and for honor's Ten thousand lire!—"Suddenclick, "Pietro, I was paying a visit

sake had chained himself down to ly she lowered her eyes and began to the little shoemaker in the room pay it, chained himself like a galpulling at the fringe of her bright below, and although I fear I am ley slave, his dogged efforts food orange shawl, but though she hid not a welcome guest, my duty is of the child,for deepening hate. It was in his the telltale fire in her black eyes, brings me here.—It

fapictures alone that he found rethe color had already mantled her Nonna, I would speak.—Her

lief. The three hours he stole for slender throat, and made her pale ther forbids, but alas! one cannot

his canvas daily lifted him into cheeks to bloom like ripe pomeforbid love to break her heart—

another world. He was not the granates. He too glanced down for why only last week I stepped into

same man as he worked himself an instant; for since that night, alher father's house—early evening.

gradually into the mood for cremost a year ago, when in the moonIt was growing a little dark. She

ating beauty. And today he had shadows of the huge date palm was so wrapt she did not hear me

to admit that he was finding it beneath his window, he had whisenter. There she stood before the

harder and harder to bridge himpered words of love, holding her picture of the Blessed Madonna, self away from his sordid thoughts close, then thrust her from him the one you sent her from Milan into the realm of beauty, and towith bitter words, because he was—imploring, pouring out her loveday for the first time he had failed chained to his debt, he had seen for you—tears in her eyes—murto try. He had not even left the almost nothing of her. And she muring something about the little

bench of his loom, but worked used to come so often, so often, Jesus. Tonight I saw her here.

feverishly on, trying thus to shut to watch him weave, sometimes You are not worthy—do you even

out the thought that perhaps he even bringing her lace with her pray, I ask? Do you?"And he

little snatches of raised his and humming gift! as Since voice in anger Pietrowas losing it—his to as she used do for his answer. his the church made no had song, mother childhoodearly "And

called it his gift from God. He mother. She would never know—-have you once darkened its door realized now how in her heart she—and he would not add to her since the day of your mother'shad cherished it. Among her pain by telling her-—how desolate burial?"things he had found the letter from—how empty her going had left Pietro stood for a long interval

his master in Milan, brief, for the him. For an instant he feasted quite still, anger blazing in his

master was a man of few words, his eyes on her sensitive face. deep eyes. Then came words

"Pietro has the great gift. With Her dismay swept through him. hard words—scoffing words in a

application he will become a faHis resolves forgotten, he rushed to scoffing voice: "You! You!"and

mous painter."Memory brought her, took her trembling hands in he pointed his long, slender fingera smile of scorn that was not pleashis, and kissed them. "I thank menacingly—"To prate about

you, I thank you!"But Nonna! that churchings the fierce hate to see, ant nor do A you——what

a not a look of promise! Nor the sat eyes as he a world and the in his dark world God ofburned

before the idle loom. It was as if promise! And to hide her tears poor people wandering the streets

all his sorrows, which he had she fled from the room, down the of great cities this very night striven all day to banish, working rickety stairs back to her lace makhungry—eating food fit only for

is a God, why does faster and faster, thumping the ing, sparing only a glance of prayer dog*—if there

heavy beam of the loom until its to the face of the Blessed Madonna. be not put in the hearts of the

klang echoed back from the sloprich—the hard. A loving God? ing ceiling, were now swooping My mother—

down upon him, like cowardly TiHE echo of Nonna's "Silence, blasphemy, scoffer! things, to strike even deeper with footsteps had scarce died from the I'll hear no jnore—"And the

the coming of darkness. room when the Padre entered. Padre strode angrily from the

"Pietro! Pietro!"Nonna burst room.

into the room breathless. "I—

have good news for you. All the J\LL that night Pietro

way from the village I have run did not sleep. Sorrow, hate, anger

the Padre told me! The Padre love for Nonna Padre—his the Queen's he had it from most of all, his for love Com-—yes,at the missioner himself—Pietro!—the Nonna. How he loved her! Her

Queen! the Queen! has offered a pure soul! Her joy in beauty was grand reward—ten thousand -—to the artist who will paint lire!the eventry toaswinhis. theWouldprize forhe, hercouldsake?he

best picture of the Holy MadonBut to paint a Madonna? His

na."'heart was not right. Ah, in calm

moments he knew all too well his heart was not right. He tossed and c) HE hesitated—then as

still dark with when the first faint streaks of still—hisshe lookedbrowat his race impassive turned on his hard couch. But

scowling, "Oh Pietro, you are not dawn crept over the hills, he was as you used to be. Pietro, won't already at his loom, pale, but with

you try? You will win, Pietro, a different feeling in his heart, a

The Improvement Era for June, 1931 471

bright determined look on his face. ungodly thoughts fill your mind. began to wane, he took his meagre

He would try! He would win! I know that your visage is often meal and went out and sat under

-—-AndPay the withdebt;theAndthoughthe anda kindNonnaof clouded.thoughts, Pietro.Frowns In tokensooth theyevil thecustom,date topalm,watchas thewas shadowshis nightlydie

peace crept into his soul. are the dark shadows of the tree in thoughtful silence.

of evil—I—"

Pietro waited to hear no more.

rested, his jl\T mid -day when the Fierce anger surged and welled up Slightly shadow of the old gray date palm within his heart. He turned to go, mind calmed, he went in to his

fell straight and clean cut across more desolate than ever before to weaving. Far into the night he

the center of the roof below his fight again his dark desires, lighted worked, but even then he did not garret window, he poured water only here and there with the great make the length he had set himself from the cracked brown stone jug love he had for Nonna. for a daily measure. Weary and

into a wooden cask, hastily washed heavy at heart he threw himself his hands, and standing to rest his upon his couch. When sleep fiit was dreamtroubledback, swallowed a few mouthfuls b UDDENLY his face nally cameof black bread, washing it down lighted with a fiery resolve. He—old Vixen throwing him intowith sips of water from an odd would show him, Nonna's father prison, taking his loom—He

refreshed, not early, but Padre! sticking bag. skin would He them awakenedshaped show Then—the yet determination drove back him their pratings all with long the pocket churchinto andhis brushes

of his leathern apron, he began to ings. How madly he would work! to his work. It was a difficult

a pattern, special order. the With would He the win palette white andstudy his that prize—snatch extra he inwould an pay light away Nonna from before them. She pricecanvas him. was The

stallment debt, take the on the defy a her start at would atbest noon. He would father—find first since his step toward freedom love way. Heronce. above will! stood was a long time he For

thus and every little while he And he hugged to his heart the mother's death. In twenty days

would murmur: "I must start at beautiful image, the story he hacj it must be in Milan. It had been

once,"but something seemed to read yesterday in her dark eyes, a short time order. He had taken

hold him back. Finally he began when she had rushed to him all it trusting to the vigor of youth,

to sketch playfully, trying to coax breathless. the abuses to the body that "twenstore for "fifty"to ty"may up lightthe strokes—Just into as he turned the bymood—little pay. prize? the twelve But And her dancing with a gypsy waving lane leading home, he hailed was

remained. Padre had Thescarf, frieze figures he had from a village, the a youth by from a boy days

it long, but known not told had It at finished left half Milan. age: about Pietro, "Hey, his own

him. It was chance that only by It the come, come. lost mustwould have you your fish—dangling it. learned had Nonna it that he well line knew loose. your toourge. Too Nonna has

days passed and The he though the for within,must from a come new with man money suitor—a in his was weary body, will urgedpainter paint without would the Padre who approves."—one until he on him the daily managed soul, fingers histhe paints of but scorned to answer, He hurbut first grind, at the weaving, then things,the the of without shadow ried to his back garret. Inside at the hours canvas two often with life.color of must Why, why O he to floor began pace the in deep a stolen or one more, robalwaysit the quickbe he But Madonna? thought, hastily then seated himsleep bing of time snatched from thisly the barred thoughts which self before the canvas and began the tapestry,entrained. beginning made, The to tools, his ply the using utmostit would be easier—the beginning care in every stroke. The deterNonna's that now mination he sat face in his day when showednow—for sake—Ah WNE

he had it, go to Nonna, he would painting, hours after guided his hand. he should after Hour hour tell her he had decided—that in he worked, forgetful of time, forhave been at his loom, Nonna

sooth he was going to win. That getful of his loom and the promslipped in. Her father had gone towould hearten him—he and Nonised tapestry. And when the light the neighboring village for the day.

little Pietro recognized her step, but didna—and he hugged closer the

flicker of hope born in the night not turn, kept right on mixing and it grew and blossomed so that his colors, until she touched him a smile warmed his pale face as lightly on the shoulder.

he hurried lane the winding down I "Oh, knew you knew—Iinto the village road. main would! you will And win too,

Here he met Nonna's father, a Pietro! The Blessed Madonna

strong man, who had been his bring thee azure tints like the father's friend. Today, however, noonday sky in the cool depths of

he returned but gruffly Pietro's the Arno, delicate tints like the greeting, stood hesitant behind cheeks of my little sister, Dusa, half friendly looks, finally spoke when she runs up both flights, his mind: "Pietro, we have long and deep, dark shadows like the

been friends. Your father was to date palm casts in our well at

me as one of my own kinsmen, twilight."

but the Padre tells 'me that since "Ah, little one,"he said laughyour return from the great city [Continued on page 490] "The Era in Every Home"By LOUIS LOCHER, JR.

it if tell others, does to even COUP SUR! At all events! not

I'll the say laugh, word you make have what Unbedingtl Or a (that's joke me) as on the—writer reader of you? What I reader, as well omniverous an

such utter to hesitateAEra would as fair idea a to the comparahave concurrent rejoinders! I for one, tive editorial value of the Era, or

and an enthusiastic subscriber to as to its standing in the categorithe magazine, feel that it is an zation among current literature.

excellent slogan to motivate any mass desire to promote spiritual Tp'ODAY is Sunday, and I found and intellectual growth. In fact *- myself repeatedly reading from

I believe that, though I had the the last issue of the Era, snatching, tongue of Demosthenes, or the pen not very unlike a hungry bird of Shakespeare, I could not more who pecks away at crumbs of food, forcefully or more effectually imbits of information now here, now press and accomplish any means of there. Indeed, I do not confine

furthering the spiritual and intelmyself to recent issues but reread lectual progress of a people, than old numbers—now a paragraph

by the simply worded appeal of from Dr. Merrill's "The Earth and

the slogan which serves as title for captions, leave alone the actual Life in It;"now reading for a

this article. reading, of the Era's articles and second time (because it's profound,

I hope it hits the bull's-eye, editorials, shows unmistakable eviand worth rereading for absorpand fulfills its own ambition dence of the taste, culture, intellition, and to challenge one's own through the efforts of the readers gence, and progressiveness as well speculative thinking and reasonand promoters of the magazine; as the spirituality of the men and ing) from Milton Bennion's "A

for indeed no home, at least no women that comprise the threeSpiritual Philosophy of Life."I

Latterday Saint home, should be quarter million "Mormons."haven't forgoten the delightful without the Era, just as none football "yarn"—"Little Runt;"

should be sans Bible, Book of TTIE publication, so far as readand how inspiring was the account

Mormon, Doctrine and Covenants, * ing matter, food for thought, of "The World Scout Jamboree,"and the Pearl of Great Price. In or "gainableness"—if you'll parby the capable leader of courageous, every "Mormon"family there don my coining of the word-—is modern youth, Oscar... may I

to of concerned, is second any none is this hoping Great; the for just add, should we all be—and

intellecexisting for publications least one who member interesting there him. Then know how IS—at

it would tual advancement. me the having To Imeager about is as desire a to to conducive and how

provement Era among the periodiseem that any "outsider"who may pack up and start out upon a little cals that the postman brings from still be obsessed with the ridicujourney to the sacred spots detime to time, as the famous S. E. lously false opinion that the scribed in "From the Green Moun-

P.. or Colliers, or Good House- "Mormons"who, as we all know, tains to the Rockies,"by another

keeping, or any other magazine. have in times past, been described of our leaders of L. D. S. youth,

by those of the most eccentric Elder John D. Giles.

PRIMARILY the official organ type of ignoramuses, as looking I don't know whether you, my * of the Priesthood quorums, the somewhat short of human, as befellow readers of the Era, are as

Mutual Improvement Associations ing wicked, low and ignorant, enthusiastic over, as delighted and the schools of the Church of would only have to pick up a with, the Improvement Era as I it, to of the Era, and study Saints, copy Christ of Latterday feast! Jesus a am. But I say—What notions unreasonable and have any is a magazine in addition, the Era, adding means of an ideal What

which, by virtue of its contents, misconceptions at once driven from to one's intellectual storehouse, of cannot fail to intensify one's inhis mind—to find his hearsay imgaining spiritual food. May I, of

terest in, stimulate one's yearning pression of dishonesty, lowliness necessity, make a personal referfor greater understanding of, and and stupidity metamorphose into ence in supplementing what I just greatly enlighten one upon, such the clear and unmistakable impressaid two or three lines previous?

ever attracting, alluring subjects as sion of honesty, high culture and science, history, the arts, and other intelligence. l7E as Latterday Saints are imkindred human endeavors. In- I like the "new dress"of the ** pressed with the significance

I esteem its apt of our four standard works of the versely speaking, one good glance Era—don't you?

less educated at its physical production from a and resourceful editors and direcChurch—are more or

standpoint of what is in keeping tors. I take my hat off to its conto, or conscious of, the importance

with 20th century progress, and tributors. Being somewhat of a of our task of seeing to it that we

if you promise [Continued on page 493] a mere coup d'oeil at the titles and—wait a moment;

Glancing, Through Summaries of Outstanding, Magazines Articles"

. By ELSIE T. BRANDLEY

Exit the Gospel of Work thrift—mustWe must havelearna newthat philosophysaving is forof

(A NEW PHILOSOPHY FOR A the purpose of providing against want NEW ERA) and dependence in old age—not for

more investments to make more money

By HENRY PRATT FAIRCHILD to invest more recklessly.

in Harper's for April, 1931 We must, most emphatically, substitute for our present philosophy of

ears are to familiar our philosophy of leisure time—must of the of GospelHOWthe slogans idleness a sound and comprehensive realize that time spent in

Work! "If any would not happy enjoyment is the mosthealthful,worthwork, neither should he eat!""Satan while. Leisure must be more than

finds to do."for idle mischief hands must oppormean the idleness—it faith sweet that keeps"Work and tunity for those pursuits conwhich

strong,"etc. tribute to the enlargement of personal

For time immemorial work has growth. Many of these activities will

been glorified in song and story, bear the outward semblance of work probiography havewhile essay and amateur photography,—gardening, to per- a sure it toclaimed be means restdistinction cabinetmaking—the It esteem. social successsonal and is done, ing not on what but on why

has been regarded as a universal panit is done.

all of cureacea—"the grand the We must have a new philosophy of miseries that besetmaladies manand which teaches us not education—onekind."

live. merely to think but to Yet in this year of unemployment,

1931, the one explanation of busiAnd when all this is done, we will ness depression, of the collapse of the find that work, in the old sense of stock market, of international friction, wages which until recently he has redrudgery, will be gone. Many tasks

will be performed by machinery and as in cost the of proan item is garded this is "overproduction"—and will have lost their connection in duction rather the of others than power of tooreally the tangible consequence

much work. There must be someconsumption. As a matter of fact, with work, for as already observed,

distinction between is and play situation the present work economic more the the is thatthing wrong. The fact

is not what is called done, and but how, of under- a period be properlyusual attitude must toward work modified to meet modern conditions! consumption than overproduction. to what extent and for what purpose.

For years the chief occupation of This change of attitude is necessary Almost everything done by some as is done others as recreation, by even to reap the work begin before we can the getting a living, and wasman and there is the possibility of wiping advantages freedom. of our new soulbare task keeping of body and

the out distinction altogether, leaving energy, his time engrossedtogether and in for admiration with hand Hand free people for creative activities. Type berelationship direct athere being idleof gone has condemnation work

set, be clothes may furniture made, did he the oftween work amount it ness, especially westerners regarding built gardens and in planted the same withsurvival. his of chance Butand vice, as a enacting laws and numerous spirit as pictures are painted, now fifty finds himyearsin the past man it. to shortthe penalize for Proposals songs doilies sung and embroidered his of theself output with swamped ening the been of have day workmen's for the delight of doing the them and mechanproductive competentown leisure, yielding as opposed too much expression of personality. The men all values seemism. Traditional idletoo demoralizing time for much the of future will devote themselves is a thereawry; new as time regarded has Spare been freedom—freeto their pursuits in this spirit! incessant task of the makfromdom to be done ness.dangerous—something live! But toing a with. away living—freedom

to doas don't yet what know we National little is a revoluis needed What Porchclimbers—a yet not this have freedom.with We

tion in basic philosoof these some Pest working. to stoplearned We how

philoshave must a new We a phies. asstill increased production regardworthy end in itself. The people ophy of work—must learn that conBy LAWRENCE CONRAD, from

of the western world have been sumption is the only justification and the Forum for April, 1931 thoroughly trained to think of themguide of production; that work should

selves as producers rather than congo hand in hand with enjoyment. ("NE of the factors tending to

- is a means change the American home is the the Work of defensesumers. whole to an end—although The

carries naturally reversal work with it many the of national attitude tocherishing and of necessitytariff is thefostering the productive interests of valuable byproducts—high disciplinward answering the front door. Our

the country. ary values, intense personal satisfacparents welcomed a knock or ring with

Another significant case in point tion and the realization of strength courtesy, alacrity, and hospitality, is the business man's attitude toward in meeting success or failure. But for while we answer suspiciously, knowing

these, work must be voluntary, purthat in place of the guest of a gen- *By permission of publishers. poseful, intelligent and selfdirected. eration ago we are more than likely

474 The Improvement Era for June, 1931

to face merely another porchclimber. he proceeds to make your threshold a require only half the usual time of

It may be a young man working his store, giving you no choice. And the fresh spinach, for "the freezing has

way through college, an old one with average householder is too polite to already broken down its cell structure, a daughter to support, or simply somemake the obvious retort. somewhat."

one bringing you the compliments of We wonder what to do. We dread Strawberries, loganberries, cherries,

a brush or liniment company-—but in these porchclimbers. We regret their asparagus, lima beans, lamb, pork,

each case you know that his appearexistence. Surely there is some weapon ham, beef, veal, sausage, liver, fowl

ance is no casual occurrence: and against this pestilence. and several kinds of fish are now presmart as you may be, you are no match There is only one thing to do, and pared in this sanitary, inexpensive

for the caller. He knows your habits that is to announce sweetly and kindmanner, with every indication that

and has prepared his speech adequately ly, as a household policy, "We do only such foods as lettuce, bananas and to meet all your objections. When not buy anything at the door. This celery will prove unsuitable for

he gets what he came for, he will go is not a place of business."You may freezing. The writer predicts that

on to the next house. have to say it with variations and with within a period of about five years the

problem—andEvery home itin isAmericawellnighknowsimpos-this onforce;a cardyoutomayhandhaveouttotohaveagents.it printedYou nationwide,sale of frozeneliminatingfoods will thehaveconsiderabecome

sible to know how to meet it, for may have to shut the door rather fortion of seasons in foods, as well as new means of attack are constantly cibly, for the porchclimber has countmost of the work of cleaning and prebeing planned. Some porchclimbers ed on using your home as a sample paring it. "There is promise of fulfilcome in uniform, some wear badges, room, and he has counted on your ment, in short, of what has seemed

s:me call and by name,many call you a farfetched courteous dream being about it. If you fail of science—to inspectors, get inside tothemselves freeze practically foods, all perishable disappointhe the him, will be dreadfully

house. Of course, you could call the ed in you, but you will have succeeded store them at low temperatures like so

police, but no crime has been comin repelling the organized assault much hardware, hold them in that state mitted, and you must meet the situaagainst the privacy of your home! of timeless, frozen immobility, andtion alone-—-this situation which is use them months or years later with

spreading a sort of terror over the land. their flavor and quality unimpaired."

You are expected to be glad to see Time Stands Still for Food Past methods of freezing have made such a person, for he appears to be this impossible, due to the destructive so courteous. "Here I am,"he says By WAINRIGHT EVANS, from process which, freezing the water in

in effect. "I've come to serve you World's Work for March, 1931 the foodcells (at a temperature of

to sell you such and such a thing."from 25 to 31 degrees), have formed

You know he has called upon your THIS unusual article tells interestcrystals which have broken the tissues neighbors. You do not want to seem ing facts concerning forward and destroyed the flavor and consistenmore severe than they. He has done steps which have been taken in the cy of the foods. Quickfreezing is a

nothing worse than interrupt your line of foodpreservation—of products process by which the food is frozen at

work, and it is not his fault that he quicklyfrozen by a new method a much lower temperature and in too is the third in one morning. To scold which "promises, within the next decshort a time to permit the forming of

would prolong the interruption, so, ade, to work profound changes in the crystals.

though thoroughly exasperated, you food habits, living standards and The fact that scientific tests prove are decent to him. He has counted health of the American people."The that this method has no ill effect onon this—on your generosity, your foods, frozen solid, are in neat packthe vitamines is significant, as there

courtesy, your devotion to your home, ages, and sold from an electrically rewill be made possible the yearround your fear of the neighbors, your nafrigerated showcase in which a plainconsumption of practically all foods tural kindliness. And he is playing ly visible thermometer registers 1 abundant in vitamines. This advanthe game inside your boundary lines, above zero. tage, the release from much kitchen

and he has this hold on you. To you During the writer's period of obserdrudgery and the saving of great

is occur- a regularhe sirloin steaks, stiff, odorless lost vation perishable and of foods amounts now rence with porch nothing—juststanding on your is edible the because are three completely all waste aspects the vital of of

nothing to hide or protect or fear. discarded before the packing is done, new industry. Oversupply of one seaHe is a sort of combination of mendiwere sold, needing no further preparason can be frozen and held for another

cant, blackmailer, and browbeater, and tion for cooking and costing no more less productive one, supply and prices he knows that as you stand upon your than an ordinary steak would cost, of foods thereby becoming more staown threshold, you will be sincere. bought from a butcher shop. Chickbilized than at present. Before this

Porchclimbers generally appeal to ens, clean, sanitary and hard as steel condition can exist, there must be built women, who are in charge of housewere ready for broiling, with no fuss. a colossal system of storage and refrighold expenses, and less adept in the Raspberries, frozen the year before, but eration. The distributors must be

art of turning down opportunities. He red as red, bounced "like balls of taught the proper care of the foods and

calls them by name, and they are courcolored ice"when poured from box to the housewives the handling of it.

teous and hospitable, and once having dish. The fragrance of raspberries The process, known, after its ingreeted him as though he were their was lacking, as was the flavor, at first ventor) as the Birdseye method, freezhusbands'cousin, cannot turn on him bite, but at mouthtemperature the es foods after they have been packed,

a moment later and call him a viper—berry melted in the mouth and the eliminating the necessity for postso although the baby may be in the taste was delicious. "A short exposure freezing handling. The patent was

bath, a cake in the oven and the whole to room temperature gave the berries sold to what is now known as the Genhouseholdlisten—andathea knowscrisis, theythat standthe busierand flavorthe softness,normaltheto aromathem."and the distinct panyeral Foods"is engagedCorporation,in the andexperimentalthis comthey are, the more likely he is to sell Frozen peas, thawed out at room marketing of Birdseye frozen foods in

what he has and get it over. temperature, had the taste and smell Springfield, and in working out a

The thing basically wrong with this of new spring peas, freshpicked. Spinsystem for national distribution which

condition is that it makes a place of ach, fresh, frozen and with no sand will finally put frozen fruits, vegebusiness out of the home, which it in it, "came from its box like coiled tables, meats and fish on every Amershould not be. "Our company,"the green chips"the preparation for servican dinner table that wants them. And

young man on the porch says proudly, ing to consist simply of dumping it American dinner tables are apt to want "Does not sell through stores,"and into a kettle where the cooking would them very much."

i n By ADAH R. NAYLOR

anced meals, etc., are confusing and

Planning, Meals make one feel that a vast amount of information must be had in have all read "Acres order to understand the subject, of Diamonds,"that inwhen the fact of the matter is thatWE teresting story of a man the fundamentals are very simple who went out in search of riches and easily understood.

to things remember main The in his a mine diamondwith own diet is that mixed an ordinary are canyard. the ways we Many

a sufficient contains amount which tale this the of toapply moral has foods natural proven the often ofour own experiences. How for diet desirable the to be most housekeeperthe average disturbed

individual. healthy, the normal, daily question the ofby "What

is a of natural foods range The in exploring goesshall eat?"we

fruits, the one. All very broad difsearch something of and new

ferent, wasting time and money, vegetables, grains and dairy prothis heading, under ducts and come the in of diamonds""Acreswhen it is all this that group around are to foods of beform common are planned. meals wholesome

at her reach. withinhad home

"What shall we eat?"properly

analyzed is "What can I feed my Concentrated Foods their satisfy will thatfamily seasoned, highly highly apALL petites, give nourishproper them flavored highly and refined therefore should be served with ment and at the same time keep food should be used sparingly or foods that are rich in this tissue me within my food budget? Of better still omitted entirely from building element.

course one must be prepared to family meals, as children should The cereals belong to the cardo real cooking. Good health, not be allowed to acquire a perbohydrate group of foods. They

happiness and economy will not verted appetite. All concentrated create heat and energy for the body

abide in any home where last minfoods and condiments injure the and in their natural state also furute meals are continually served. natural taste, whereas the simpler nish roughage, but many of the

foods increase the faculty of taste. prepared cereals placed on the marHTHERE is no part of housekeepWhere bad food habits have been ket have, through milling and

ing that is as intriguing as the formed one may gradually simplipolishing, lost their chief value preparation of meals, providing it fy the diet until the natural taste and in no manner resemble the is done with forethought and and appetite for healthgiving food provided by nature. When

knowledge. Concocting new dishes food is restored. Normal hunger buying we should be sure to get—trying out new methods—new and appetite are two very different products in which a large part of

combinations—seeing how much things. Some one has said that, the original grain has been retained.

the food budget can be cut and "the body can never be hungry Brown or unpolished rice should still nourish and satisfy. All for a pickle; it can only be excited always be used, and when white

these problems call for ingenuity, by it."bread is eaten some of the germ

planning and some knowledge of portion of the cereal should be hygienic dietary. The ability to Natural Foods had in some other form.

take the "common"vegetables, the Milk is a food as well as a dairy products and fruits in season VEGETABLES and fruits head beverage. It contains fat, carboand from them prepare a delicious the list of natural foods. hydrate, protein, minerals, vitameal is something that should be From them we get our vitamines mines and water. All children

acquired by every person responand mineral salts, and because of should be given a liberal amount sible for the feeding of a family, as the cellulose they contain they are of milk daily, but because of the the simple dishes done to perfecalso our best laxative foods. This lack of other elements a child may

tion always make the greatest apcellulose is the fiber of the vegebecome anaemic if so much milk is peal and are also the most ecotable or fruit and being indigesttaken that other foods are not denomical. roughage—anible material it essentialfurnishes bulkaid orto sired.drink milk,Somebutchildrenit can alwaysdislike betoTv/fANY are rather bewildered elimination.- But it must be resupplied them in the form of milk

by all that is being said and membered that vegetables (with soups, milk sauces and gravies, written on the subject of diet. The the exception of peas, beans and puddings and ice cream.

terms, vit amines, proteins, ballentils) are low in proteins and [Continued on page 500]

The Rose Westerner s Heaven Dummer

By Grace Ingles Frost By Arthur T. Jolliffe By L. E. Flack

breed Viking OLD calling is me; time summer it into called God how saga and Of story, OH, afar, fields J WONDER It leads to B J- being, ye meed your Keep white, bursting are clover blooms Where petals such with fashioned He its How glory! Valhalla's Of are. roses wild sweet And care! hall that may Long

seeming a golden heart to its gave HeWhy bright regions Asgard's In is the bank upon wet moss Where ethereal his perfume placed most And to the "Skoal!"Ring early dew, morning With there. legions. warrior Of trees there comes the the through And the shining of herodead-—Odin's Guerdon gleam

maids, that the same wove which loom From anew. sun morning Of 'battlesong of Wassailbowl and clash and pinions gossamer

blades! flying butterfly, fragile dainty and moth Of rocks o'er the splashes water Where

it 'given forth? brought was it And Was lilting melodies, In praise the not Sing fragrance fragile hide ladyslippers And elysian mountains, Of elysian breezes wafted breath by? From trees. the willow Beneath Laurel woodways,

fountains.. nymphhaunted And rare, exquisite garnered such Where He time, of golden land summer Oh, Isles blest the of atoms I skies blue; love of your portal; the sunset's Past lovely so to compose? which a formFrom to I love woods through ramble your quest the of Goal placed flowers the within the Of all He kiss the dew. sunbeams When dreams immortal Of garden

The loveliest expression is the rosel Hellas, Not for me repose in thy slumbrous hours, Amaranth and asphodel and scarlet passion-flowers! Expectant Valley

Wasatch Mountains GiveFormemybutsoul'sthesetreasure By Vesta P. Crawford

trees in the Wind Virginia Nietson By... a Harping measure girdled, cragcrowned, longEAGER,. Westerner's land! ing hand,

forgotten brooks canyon..flowing; HAD The the the the sage sun and and Loved by craga,7 sharpened with you, deeply rock How sand; and Gray gull;

yielding sky; softly pierced the Have sage purple blowing; The of a loops Ribboned by bluebowed dress is your streaked white adown tall Mountains How with diademmed snow, stream,

rags; tattered of blue, wisps like Of against skies—in lake's far a mist gleam! of Bosomed strength and beauty agegrown these, gracious How cry Grant for a God, me Othe

stillness In from your bosoms—yes, paradise! Wide, waiting, mountainwalled, and still; I forgotten. had

Blended tones in gray and mauve and pearl, forgotten The MoonBow silver in haze. Draped and hung summer with what pain cruelly deep and HowI had

in valley the cloak Longsought of sumBy Linda S- Fletcher bare, contour, harsh, unlovely Your days! mer softened with a soul bruise too May RiverSpirit, the plain undulating easeful MIST,An rises Ghostlike up, fair, travelers gently fashioned, Weary, smoothly trialworn came As

ascetic, the to keep Night; Tryst with a little ancient sagebrush land rain; softshadowed, myth of some To As

espies the But her Moon it T they their said: forgotten. for But knew had and own (Ne'er a wiser) wooer shall "Harvests to come sows; him who Subtle smile features bright. o'erspreads his desert shall as a blossom rose."The

White chiffon her draperies success NightMoonkissso calmlywarmscold;her to a radiant glow. <wBHi'

By Alpha J. Taylor EyesSmilingraisedthereto aboveher lover,her, Love's Li&ht

XJE has achieved the greatest success, Mortals see with awe the rare moonbow. By Christie Lund

LiWho has laughed the most and lived best, the light I a great dreamed of each of see in the can new day, ONCE dawnWho. to should That come me the guide way. to of hopeA lead feet in honor's way.. my To sorrow and each conquers smilinglyWhoray all see. Where might

strife life. art living learns the of And

dreamed walking proudly o being I the of seeks master law toWho... the In paths of fame seeing. others in truth and good By

... seemed a Glory thing wondrous creed to his speak of symbol GodA

.. i. Until came. you deed. tree kindly a a orA flower,

He has indeed achieved success Henceforth I shall walk content

Who has learned the law of happiness. O'ershadowed by your name,

Who can greet with a smile each rising sun Knowing the light of hearthside fire

And master his thoughts 'til day is done. And candle flame.

CHURCH MUSIC COMMITTEE And Tkey Also Worship for a new supply of song with you but be made, exception must authorities of when the general of ward. for your frequentbooks it is safe that more to ventureONEthe asked recently why Church

persons who furnish music numbers ly than otherwise the procedure is the CHURCH MUSIC COMMITTEE.

in our services so frequently withdraw result of carelessness and thoughtlessfrom the meeting as soon as they have ness. May 4, 1931

rendered their part of the program. If the service of worship is to be Dear Bishop:

The query led to an observation, and in the highest degree effective and benIt is the endeavor of the Church it will have to be admitted that oftener eficial everything as far as possible Music Committee to do all that can than otherwise, these persons do leave that is foreign to the occasion, that possibly be done to help you improve the meeting before the services are is extraneous and artificial, and above and increase the interest in the Sacrafinished. There is the common reason all, disturbing, must be kept out. If ment and other meetings for the adult

that their services are asked for and the musicians of the Church will give congregations of the Church. Under

promised in two or more places for this consideration and think it over, special appointment by the First Presone meeting time and in order not to not as musicians, but as Latterday idency this committee prepared a new disappoint one congregation they must Saints who are for the time being worhymn book containing 491 hymns.

sing and get away. Desirable as is shipping with their offering of music, Many of these are old favorites, about

their offering and unselfish their sermuch calm and meditation and peace100 were specially written for this vice, the practice results in a disturbful reverence can be brought into our book and are among the best that have ance in both instances. Frequently services, which now in the very zeal ever been offered. You were familiar

they must upset a program that has of our good intention we rob the peowith the old "Songs of Zion.''The

"been planned thoughtfully, with careple of. They also worship who play new book contains nearly twice as

ful attention given to continuity and and sing, for the Lord has said so; many songs as that book did.

sequence, and their offering becomes the best we can give, in the best way In making visits to the various it ascerbeen stakes has and can we instead a performance merely of what of very, the wards very few give it, at the best time—that wardstained that privilege. is our to be, part an integral it was planned

of the service, where, if given as proIn this connection also a word of have anywhere near an adequate numgrammed, it.would enrich the whole warning should be offered relative to ber of hymn books. Some have none of

service. the matter of making use of our serthe new edition either for their choirs

this of congregations. Because their or entertainvices for second appointment is made The concertizing—for the in order to introduce fact new and practice instead of worship, a ment, late, is disturbed the whole meeting by

this tardy entrance of the performers, which is growing and which must be hymn book (25,000 of which have and here again the whole program viewed with concern by one who unthus far been sold) we have arranged must be upset to accommodate, and the derstands the purpose of our Sacrawith the Deseret Book Company to spirit and continuity of the meeting ment meeting. give you a special concession during the

is this: It a months. Make summer is destroyed. to tempted One

letter itself. in explains attached need, send the of you books survey if effort? result really the the warrants ask THE

it written Since cash) was have been (accompanied order we by the your singers players Credit is due and who officers the to advised the Relief of furnished will be by you the books and are sincerely desirous contributing of that the has with "L. books D. as follows: Twentyfive S. Hymns"Saints, Society to the worshipsomething of the

official as each the been adopted on ward stamped the song book name of the entitled gratitude and they are to our for their willingness. Such unselfish for the Relief Societies of the Church. book, $22.50 postpaid. Fifty books

the Relief contact Society not for $40.00. One hundred, however, Why people good. do much

of ward? your Should they for $75.00. at But looking the matter from the officers

larger viewpoint of genuine worship, be able to use twentyfive song books Now compare this with the price of at getting behind the purpose of coming andshall thebe gladwardtoproperput theseventyfive,Relief Societywe the75c "Songseach or of$9.00Zion,"per dozen.which soldRecall together possible for worship, is it not

twentyfive the name on books and is a this better book, having that made are for the musicians kind enough who the the seventyfive, of ward name on is just as songs and twice nearly many service a in to to part give to take and all for price. the per $75.00 hundred singing of the need to make you what their offering in a bring such manner

the Society to Relief Ask cooperate congregation would you what your it as to truly of item of make an worship? It is, and this is what should like it to be and as interesting as it can

participate. those This for be who If done. be they do would only

is theology, music the 1 ESIDES is offer during June only May, good useless things of and two unmuch -*-* art affording capable only of of expiration the at which July, and necessary disturbance elimbe would peace the heart of like joy that and it arwill withdrawn. be time Make inated, they and part would make their of the science induced the study of by raise the in some rangements way to service the enjoyable, of more and divinity. is this the that of proof The

remove much cause for criticism. If Devil, the originator of sorrowful money and send your order in now

they would enter the meeting on time anxieties and restless troubles, flees for such quantity of these books as and in the spirit of the occasion, and before the sound of music almost as you can use in your ward.

of as the does before he much Word all regards hoping kind and With is their part do where it planned would is preprophets the This God. why to supply taken steps can be that now it in the to have program then and arts, all the ferred other before music sufficient the of the Church wards till dismissal, the they remain would in the proclaiming psalms and Word

in general participation insure to books fit into the atmosphere of worship hymns.

to say the least, and the people and My heart, which is full to overflowthe singing, we are, the Priesthood would feel that they ing, has often been solaced and reVery sincerely, your brethren, interest in worshipping had some God it their account. freshedweary.—Martinby musicLuther.when sick and CHURCH MUSICMelvinCOMMITTEE.J. Ballard on Of course, own

is recognized that there are occasions Chairman.

PRIESTHOODsilt Metchizedek Priesthood material is prepared under QUORUMSthe direction of the Council of the Twelve;

/"*X - and all Aaronic Priesthood material is prepared under the direction of the Presiding Bishopric. -*v

BHHMM

Vi&ory3 TRUMPET call to noble HPHE guidance of a higher power young and tender branches, reaching living is the new painting, * is typified by the angel in the up toward the light, while the branch- "Victory,"by Professor Paul clouds above him. The youth has es which grew toward the fitful flames

call clarion the of his trumpet, artist will heard This noted of evil are now dead and broken off.AWildhaber.

finger seen his and has pointing thebe locally remembered his former from production, "The Armor of Rightway unerringly past all perils and T\ THAT interesting thoughts the eousness,"a cut of which was shown pitfalls, past the treacherous attrac- ** artist must have had while in the March Em. "Victory"may tions of seductive temptations, and the watching this painting with its marbe considered a richer development evils lurking there, up the path of velous message take shape under his

beauty virtue and peace suggested and theof inspiring same hands is happily told in his own ideal—having the flowers the child innocent and itsfor words. theme youthful lives guided by

the and lion lamb jn perfect andsafely past the dechasms of yawning is "It to give hope to every my concord, to of in City Lightgradation death, and uponward and living all in the person the world all its brilliant highest theward along light life and way of feeling of peace same reverence the Holysplendor—the and

attainment of complete and abundantto glorious victory. triumphant I first which over came saw when me

central figure is The a youth in happiness. the the City of up to Holy way Mount

shining armor, radiant in valiant virtue Now that he has seen the glories Zion. The architecture in its mystic

and the power of a pure life. He rides ahead, the enlightened youth turns splendor rising out of beds of flowers

protected by the magic shield of faith, to signal his glad message to others. to crown the lofty eminence has no

the helmet of salvation and the breastAt his inspired call they come from earthly counterpart. From the beplate of righteousness. The pledge of all directions to form a noble army. ginning of my work I have had a

his whole life to service and sacrifice "Hark! the trumpet. Heroes rally! desire to represent this holy city, and

is symbolized by the cross upon the Sounds the war cry of the free; only I know how hard I had to fight

theyshield swarm from hill and valley, shelters which him. In his Lo this sword—without or shield—that sons Loyal of Liberty."is upliftedright hand the gleaming be brought to completion. work might

sword of the Spirit of the Lord, flash- ("The Battle Hymn of Israel,"by "When I see the youthful knight ing its call to arms to all truehearted Orson F. Whitney) on the white charger, I feel it is a

youths who have the courage and the A poetic touch of symbolism is great privilege for me that I may might to follow. The richness of his the stump of the olive tree in the march forward with this glorious

armor and the coatsof-arms he disforeground, which always stands for army. I have never met the dangers

plays betoken his high lineage, a birth the House of Israel. Though the of war on the battle front, but I

entitling him to leadership in the older branches have been lopped off, have gone through spiritual conflict, noblest endeavors. it is again beginning to send forth and I have had to fight with an unseen

The Improvement Era for June, 1931 479

these appealing to illustrate to hindetermined was whichpower principles, Spirit of Mormonism closest child in this that even a little work. may understand. Only myder me

I leaving near came is power,friends there of today how know the youth In George of remarks Extracts from their through unfinished. if Butthe work guided, and if are properly they dedication the at Cannon Q. that thoughts theencouragement beasts the hungry from inthey keep away Salt Temple the of Lake tangible given been havespired me them, and devour evil would of who accept has that God T TESTIFY the Moroni, I look uponform. As to shoulder *- to like march I would will angels this House. His I ed given restoration, the of amangel

full derive them, and with shoulder be will this is place life eternal. and into there that comea testimony

"I am willing to be an instrument satisfaction from life. This same hapseen, and their presence will be

and develop the talents God gave me piness I wish to all."felt. * * * It is a blessed feeling

to be invited and to be willing to forgive one another. It adds to

the dignity of a man humbly to seek forgivesins his confess and The New Priesthood Movement him. humiliate ness, it does not

ATHalla meetingon Aprilheld4,in 1931,the Assemblyan anAssignmentance of ordinances.of duties and performculty* * * inTheregettingis notthe inhabitantsas much diffiof

nouncement was made that should be Social and fraternal activities: the spirit world to accept the Goswelfare. * mutual all Promoting to parents, to interest great of * on earth. here as pel have we

identity. Developing quorum of 12 ages the between * menyoung awaitblessing greater are There home. parents and interested Honoring are all to and who 20,and infinite his in us, ing but God brotherhood. Stimulating men. these young of welfare the in until we withholds them mercy Schools. Sunday a 2. Through adopted after been has plan This

is for them. There are prepared of the ordinances Principles and training and study, of careful survey

activities conducted through the Gospel, Church history and docdanger lest we should be lifted up

Aaronic Priesthood quorums, the Suntrine. because of our gifts. * * * We will

day Schools, and the M. I. A., and is 3. Through Y. M. M. I. A. administer punishment to the men

offered by the leaders of these organizaProper application of Gospel prinwho mock and deride us: and what

tions to those concerned or those who ciples to personal habits and conwill be our revenge? We will be

duct: this work. with concerned should be redeem for them, and baptized

welfare and physical Promoting a complete for provides plan fire This coals of will heap them. We standards. moral record a giving ward, each of census happitheir heads. What upon developcharacter and Mental the menages of all of young men sin? is there in committing ness ment. activitheir Church tioned, showing

Is better to in be communion it not relationships. Social the required survey ties. by (The * * * civic Spirit? and guidance the Vocational Holy with A if comUnion, School General Sunday

pleted, will give this information). responsibility. people like this, gathered from all

It provides for a monthly meeting at Recreation and culture. nations of the earth, will compreguidance. time Leisure entire nations. labors in Priesthood our hend bishopric, ward the which Education. of Department Through teachers of 4. us, School of are supervisors, but we Sunday but few There history Bible, Church Weekday leaders, affected, Scout departments the the a of represent vast number acstudy Church and Gospel and are leaders and Men Vanguard "M"the earth. the of families Hence tivity. this meetpresent. be At to expected is side other the there anxiety on this and outline of work complete discussed, plans will be this survey A ing us. veil to Streams in regard the of forwarded been operation has plan of will adopted which and carefully made

different a thousand from of blood it officers, and all stake to and ward each labor with a personal for provide individual who is inactive. is hoped they will receive it with the sources may concentrate in one

it with feeling of or one hope and adopt same woman, and that man man the record meeting, the next At has that determination the spirit of of the representative be or woman toreviewed, be carefully again will have been manifest * been who by those is souls. of * * There thousands obtained during results gether with the

bringing in about instrumental a received ever sweeter joy by of asre-arrangement this no If a the month.

should be united plan. is necessary, that experienced that soul signments than human

Sincerely your brethren, first assignment the Otherwise, done. for the labor redemption the in Bishopric. The Presiding individual each until will continue * * * has taught dead. of the God

who holds the Priesthood will be takus that there is hope for every soul organithese at least one of part in ing have that has not committed the unto objective being the zations, him become active in all three organpardonable sin. The best doctrine

izations. to preach is repentance. It is atSo organized in the spirit of love tended by better fruits than to

and tolerance it should not be diffipreach about the mysteries of the cult to encourage such young men to kingdom, and dreams and visions.

take part and finally become enthusiThis is the beginning of the work astic about the work. The responsithat is to bind Satan, and that

bility of the various organizations will day is near at hand. Many among

be as follows: us live above certain temptations,

1. Through Quorums. and Satan is already bound to

in the spirit and Training members that extent. This House will from

responsibility of Priesthood.

Testing their knowledge of Gospel now on be kept sacred. We want

essentials and their observance of it to be a place of holiness, not a commandments. curiosity shop.

MUTUAL MESSAGES Executive Department General Superintendency General Presidency

Y. M. M. I. A. General Offices Y. M. M. I. A. Y. L. M. I. A.

47 East South Temple Street George Albert Smith, Ruth may Fox,

R. Richard Lyman. Cannon, Grant Offices General Y. L. M. I. A. Lucy J. Melvin Ballard, Clarissa A. Beesley, 33 Bishop's Building

Executive Secretary: SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH General Secretary:

Oscar A. Kirkham Elsie Hogan

June Conference Calls M. I. A. Workers

Convention of (Unusual Imof the Church. Every department Saltair which will lure thousands of

workers. I. A. Prepand Primary portance and Interest Will willthe fullestoffer somethingsuccess of indispensablethe year ahead.to M.arations are under to make of way

Convene in Salt Lake City Every M. I. A. officer who can make excursion this year a real festival. theIn

June 11, 12, 13 and 14 provision to attend should consider addition to the contest dance which is it a great privilege. Executives, comalways a lovely culmination of a lovely

"D Y the time this issue of the Immittee workers, class leaders and all activity, there will be other demonstra- ** provement Era reaches the M. I. others connected with M. I. A. in any tions and all will be colored by the

A. workers in the stakes and wards, capacity will find the 1931 June conspirit of sociability which only the

plans for the 1931 June Conference ference helpful to a marked degree. M. I. A. can produce.

will have been completed. We arc The following forecast of the progratifyingto celebrate of the one most gram is commended to your careful A [Utah Pioneer Trail Session in theyears history of A. and attention: M. I.

gives activity inaugurateto of leaders at promise for what An Institute the Pioneers, an imTJONORING successful the educationbeing not only **- which most through demonstraportant feature of the conference but also the most momentous year of tion will be given in "A"Standards will be a period devoted to the Pioour career. in music, drama, dancing, speech, neers of this great western empire.

This conference is of unusual imstory- telling; also other features of Since Brigham Young and the Utah

portance. Possibly never before have interest to recreation leaders. Pioneers reached the valley of the Great

plans been so carefully made in adAn Institute for BeeKeepers where Salt Lake, possibly the greatest piovance. Never before have M. I. A. many of the fascinating activities of neering movement in all history has

publications for executives and the the BeeHive girls will be presented. been carried on by our people. Have

various departments been prepared so General Sessions for stake and ward we honored them, sufficiently? Have

early. Never before has there been officers from all parts of the Church we told the world of their deeds and

promise of so much of inspiration including the missions. In these will their sacrifices? Isn't it time we made

and helpfulness for M. I. A. workers. be given inspirational addresses on manifest the pride we feel in their

The responsibility of the M. I. A. timely topics which no one can afford accomplishments and the reverence we

increases from year to year. The young to miss. Special consideration will feel for their sacrifices? Shouldn't we

people, whose leisure we are asked to also be given to the campaign launched begin now, late as it is, to mark and employ advantageously, are being subby the auxiliary organizations to propreserve the historic spots made sacred jected to more and greater temptations. mote the observance of the Word of to us by the labors of our Pioneers?

The forces of evil are more alert. The Wisdom and especially to eliminate A Churchwide movement is to be

pitfalls are becoming more numerous. the use of tobacco by the members launched at this conference to accomThe challenge to our leadership and of the Church. plish this purpose.

influence is more forceful and signifiDepartment Meetings in which the cant. detailed programs for the year 1931Contests discussed. 32 will be The M. I. A. must accept this challenge. We must rise to our responsiAn Exhibit of unusual attraction 'T'HE Grand Finals this year will

ship—ourbilities. Weyoungmust peoplesupply willthe followleaderdepictingobservancetheofbenefitsthe Wordderivedof Wisdom.from the to* thebe ofconferenceunusual asinterest,they bringingdo the

into paths of truth and righteousness. This is to be patterned after the one best two individuals or groups in the

We must spiritualize our activities and given by the European Missions in Church in drama, music, speech and employ the spirit of the Gospel to Dresden, Germany, in the summer of story telling. Winners of first place

preserve our youth. 1930, which continued for several in each event will be declared and these

The June conference this year is months and which was visited by will receive certificates from the Gento be a spiritual feast. It is to be a more than a million and a half people eral Board.

recreational festival. It will be a confrom many nations. A Testimony Meeting. All M. I.

vention of the leisuretime leadership The EverPopular Excursion to A. workers look forward eagerly to

The Improvement Era for June, 1931 481 the spiritual uplift to be gained from A preview of Department The Adult Program anthis to be session has come which Conference the for Work in this discussion for theme conference. feature of ourannual THE Health, Individual will be group ComSecretaries, Presidencies, Presidency. First the Addresses by 193132. the for special study Committees, Activity munity is blessed conference and JuneThe

honored in having the First Presidency Era and Publicity Directors The text is "How to Live,"by recognized a book Fisher and Fisk, direct supervision take theof Church as a joint groups, both the very four containing as 'T'HESE authorities by session and afternoon theof Sunday will sessions subject. this separate instruction -*- body, and in best on counselin inspirational receiving and

instructions from their lips. consider vital problems of organizaOther topics to be considered are

recordkeep- administration; tion and the year, work the for courses optional

finale Festival. a grand Youth As opportunities A ing, historymaking department, separate the women's for ofto entire junior conference the the proactivity secretaries; the complete course reading the projects, and joint Juniors, Scouts its modififor with 193132 gramgroups—Vanguards, book. BeeHive preparingand an exyear's this light in of the cations Girls—are presented to be Exhibit Health Theelaborate the for program faithSunday for opportunities perience; the

entire Genof the the direction under session.evening characterbuilding and theme—Builddevelopment to importance is of vital eral Board the Improvement afforded throughing Latterday Saint The character—will

be depicted in song, story and tableau. Era. the Adult Department.

June Conference Meetings

THURSDAY FRIDAY SATURDAY SUNDAY

(June 11) (June 12) (June 13) (June 14)

Recreation 9:0012:00 9:0012:00 8:0010:45

Institute (Assembly Hall) Departments Assembly Hall

Officers InJoint of Meeting Place Superintendents'and Dept. General Top floor AM and struction Hall Assembly Executives Tab. and Presidencys'Annual Messages Bldg. Bishop's

Secretaries Tab and Assembly Hall Testimony starting at 9 a. 1. M. I. A. Music. Music Directors Assembly Hall Meeting.

songs. Introduction of new M. I. A. contin- 2. m. and Hall Act Assembly Community

Assembly Hall discussion of 3. Presentation and Tabernacle our Era throughand Pub uing

and we how new slogan 17th Ward may best Adults 11:0012:00 the day. out—it. promote Bldg. Bishop's Men Tabernacle M

J. Pres. 4. Grant. Address, Heber Bldg. Bishop's Music, Gleaners Joint Primary

Drama, Vanguards Tabernacle Session.

Dancing, Juniors Speech, Scouts Tabernacle etc. BeeHive Smith Memorial Bldg.

Leaders include will deparments of these programs The Experts. Nat'l. for vital materials the contain

to all M. Open 193132.

I. A. Rec.

Officers Executive Stake and Ward Leaders as possible as far see that should BeeHive representation. has each department

Institute

N a n Presidents'Activity Leaders'LunchSuperintendents O Community Luncheon. eon.

ON

P 2:00-3:30 2:00-4:00 2:00-4:00

Final Conference (Assembly Hall) M Juniors. 1. (Tabernacle) Retold story—Vanguard,Contests Program. Trails Pioneer

selection. musical Special Covered 2. Express, Introducing Pony

Wagon and other inspirational in- 3. Drama.

stances in Western History.

N Saltair Reception and Dance 7:30 7:30

I Contests Final Contests—Tabernacle Junior Depts.

Also demonstration of new activities M Men address. (Tabernacle)

for 193132. Gleaner address. Theme: "BuildGHT Orchestra ing Latterday

Ladies chorus. Saint CharacMale chorus. ter."

Presentation of awards in all activities.

.

482 The Improvement Era for June, 1931

will cry gain inspiration the General which comes to and carry home Board Joint M Men—Gleaner is the stakes with the them from of training more the new enthusiasm

Program work that is coming for the correlathis work. Therefore, the Committeein

1 Objectives. tion program of all agencies in the is planning to give special training

2. Outstanding accomplishments in Church interested in boys from 12 to in actual BeeHive work, to the Beejoint work. Three threeminute talks 20 years of age. Spirituality, leaderKeepers who assemble at June conby successful leaders, followed by genship, organization and practical phases ference. The program provides for

eral discussion. of Scout work will be emphasized. several hours of department work in

3. "The Right Thing at All The remarkable record of our Church which demonstrations in cell filling,

Times"-—-demonstrations and illustrain scouting will be made the basis guide work, etc., will be given and in

tions. of still further achievements. addition it is expected that helps in

4. A oneact play. handcrafts and other activities will

BeeHive Girls be presented. This will be a real

will M Men Program HPHE BeeHive Committee is looking Swarmmeet notDayonlyof toBeeKeepersreceive instructionswho to -*- forward meeting BeeKeepers training, also ideas and but to exchange will Men programHPHE M all over the infrom Church. The one and other's each experience. benefit by discussion * elude plan on a new

for training M Men leaders, a pres- -4Ci*gJgVsl>-

use ideals,—theirentation of their project; athletics and abuse—rules, Latterday Saint Fraternity Ideals leadership responsibilities, other and

is Church as a unit a fraternity. fraternal obligations anythat in wouldphases of M Men work. THE

sisterhood and of first affili- A brotherhood from the choice way detract

Gleaner Girls people each one of whom is a member ation; a divided loyalty mars ideality.

through the ordinance of baptism and Just as partpayment of dues impairs confirmation. source inspiration; of brother credit, perfect The titles HE inadvisability and hence, the past—a *J"* the project, "I will gather to all Treassister the from are common joining of Church outside members

Sheaves—areures of Truth;"the Whatinterestingshall topicswe read;to humblestcial. member to the highest offifraternities.The following is illustrative of

be treated in the Gleaner group meetIn one of our L. D. S. hymns, often what may be termed first class, or

ing. sung, is a eulogy to the first prophet ideal Latterday Saint fraternal loyaland president of the Church, "Milty: On being asked why he would

The Junior Girls lions shall know Brother Joseph not join a fraternity outside of the again,"another and a is appealing his Church hymn, man, for known who is Junior Committee planningHPHE laity, to the line, contains the "School independence consistof thought and * stress to the following features of feelings, thy brother."said, action, ency of to "I not O do my wish

their program. G. Karl Maeser, the fainterest divide educational energy. nor my my

a Building the subject of Life—the ther the of Latterday Saint affords for opportunity Church Church Mycourse this for study of It group. system, school expressed preferan I had to like things to that do more me

will discussed be (a) the from phystitle ence the I for as I against Brother than can as do well as do would ical, the character (b) building, (c) like to. that observation Professor of has been or Doctor. Mythe spiritual, point view. of that ideal the of have in standing members Church organizaAn any who

features Other will be: fraternities outside tion joined includes have, the on dues. of payment

project. The the rather lost whole, than tithing gained of fast by The ofpayment and

book. The patriotic doing. ferings allegiance are fraternity obligations of so My activities. The country, to one own, and members of the Church, for my one my frais Junior

is allegiance ternity brothersongs. allthe general to one maintenance of the Church

and the other for the relief of the hood, the Church, my own."

Vanguards needy. These sources of revenue are Priesthood Fraternity—Illustrative

'T'HE New Vanguard Program will provided on the principle of paying of ideality in quorum brotherhood, * be introduced and thoroughly disin proportion to the ability to pay. a bit of current history is presented:

cussed. "The Log of the Vanguard The tithing is onetenth of the "in- A member of a high priest quorum,

Trail,"embodying one of the most terests annually"and the fast offering exemplary and industrious, through a complete and wellbalanced programs the price of the food saved by one series of circumstances found himself for young men, will launch a program day's fasting once a month. With these unable to keep the "wolf"from his

for Vanguards, including Churchwide two obligations faithfully met by the door. The quorum membership and

contests, hobbies and other attracmembers, the Church would be able watchcare committee reported that tive activities. Every Vanguard leader to meet its obligations in an idealistic brother's needy condition, which was

or executive in charge of Vanguard manner. The Lord's store house made the subject of special considerawork who can attend this conference would always have a safe surplus in it. tion of the officers of the organizashould participate in this opening fea- A century of history has given proof tion, and their findings were presented

ture of the new program for our 15that the treasury of the L. D. S. to the members, with the result that

16 year old boys. The new PriestFraternity has been kept safe from he was helped to reenter a vocational

hoodSunday School-M.I.A. correlawaste. If the members were as fair business for which he was especially

tion plan which will bring every boy in payment as the officers are careful fitted and which he had unwisely left.

into Church activity will also be an in spending, the word of the Lord He was given no money, but the patimportant feature in the Vanguard dedeclaring, "There is enough for all ronage of the members of his quorum partment. and to spare"would be truth applied soon placed him where any special conon a scale that would attract the atsideration was unnecessary.

Boy Scouts tention of a world seeking a fraternalThis same quorum is fraternally ism that provides protection here and alert to the spiritual needs of its mem- 'T'HE Boy Scouts will find an imnow and for salvation hereafter. bers. It is a factfinding, reliefpro-

place* portant in the conference Fraternity fraternity comfortgiving, viding, faithpromot- Loyalty—Idealprogram. leaders Scout attend loyalty who not admit of other would ing organization, a fraternity within a

..

The Improvement Era for June, 1931 483

fraternity established by Divine Authority and in which there is room Historical Sketch of the Box Elder and opportunity for the exercise of the fraternal endowments of mankind. Girls'Camp

"So many things you feel can't be done, Jensen, and Elsa Christensen, visited

July Conjoint Program are done, and you wonder why you ever a number of the other camps and couldn't thought they be—advice help also secured from and Strength the 'For Song—OPENING

together with sources Mr. and other Hills."of the collection a of toward fund HPHE PeterRoyes Mr. Simonsen and C. N. -*- a of -Grandson Opening Prayer- a Girls'erection the of Summer

a careful for building sen, plans made Pioneer.Community the was begun Elder by Home Box suitable as being approved were which as such Pioneer song, Singing Y. L. in 1920. A. Mrs. Leah M. L for Nels needs. adequate Mr. our and be"Come, Come, (To Ye I. Reeder stake L. was Y. A. M. Saints."—the stake appointed Jensen was by a people's of Chorussung young by president at all that time. the With

finance as and of presidency chairman and or Gleaners Vanguards Men, in stake wards the large cooperating, aM

Juniors. Song should be well learned community bazaar was held, luncheons building, and the Camp was under

spirit.) sung withand served were,and a fund of nearly two constructionyear. Mr. byRoyesJuly Petersen1, of thatwassamein History prior to of Story Western dollars thousand collected.

the construction and of charge work minutes). 1847 (10 following spring The and summer,

to large, building seemed twostory Talk "Mormon"active with the cooperation the of—

like plans magic take were and form outbeginning with stake presidency efcouncil, high and to for the under formal opening way in the events connection1847—givingColonizationstanding with forts to were suitable a procure made

1 2. held August be trail. trail handcart andwagon (15 site building a Girls'for Camp. No

minutes. See Brief History of the favorable location could be decided Miss Hortense Poulsen was chairChurch, by Anderson; Essentials of upon at that time so the building was man of the furnishing committee. A

Church History, by Joseph Fielding deferred. Tents and other camping successful drive was made for conSmith; Roberts'History of the equipment were provided for the girls'tributions of various articles to furnish

Church. Founding of Utah, by use during their summer outings. the home when completed. A name

Young) These were used for several seasons, committee was also appointed, with

Incident related from a "Treasures but each year the officers felt more Mrs. Veara Fife chairman. A contestof Truth"—by a Gleaner Girl (5 and more keenly the need of somewas inaugurated between the various

minutes) thing permanent. wards, for a name for the Camp. The

the Pioneer of the Oldest to have honor winning Community was ward the In spring of 1927, Mrs. Louise

tell first experiences thisto pioneer to being mincamp. of occupy (10 new Skidmore, stake president the of Y.utes). judges the chosen was name by The L. I. A., appointed M. counselor, her

letters to in Independence Elder of Caravan Rock Box ias Cleopha "Beylmia"—first Jensen, a chairman of

July, minutes. See Ladies 1930 "MorImprovement Mutual (10 Young committee the of composed various

to the Independence Association. Caravan Corinne Rock was Ward presidents. ward This committee met Giles, Sept. Era, D. 1930, winner.—Johnmon"with the brethren the of stake presialso Era, April p. H. 322, 1931, by the 12, 1927, August Camp dency, On for and asked their cooperation,

Driggs).R. a sucformally with opened most was which was wholeheartedly given. A enthusiastic person exsome Have cessful delightful "housewarmand committee the from high council was theplain to plan perpetuate the mementire in ing"celebration the which appointed to a careful make survey

trail early pioneers ofory markers. by participated. stake were Refreshments the of possibilities various for a camp article this Era, (See by John D. served; the gave City Brigham site, Band result the with that an old homeGiles.) a in the the concert afternoon from stead site five acres of hillside, the on >"America."Song orlarge Mrs. balcony; and Mann's south of west and seMantua, was

a pioneer. chestra also entertained music. with cured Benediction—ByClosing to which on build Girls'our

Ask all of your oldest pioneers to Summer Home. In the evening Norm Watkin's Orsit on the stand and just before calling chestra furnished music for dancing.

on the pioneer to speak, introduce This site has the advantage of a It was estimated that over sixhundred water supply, excellent drainage, the audiencebriefly to all these old pure visited the people openon the Camp easy access to electric telelight andsettlers. original (This ing day, would mean President being them among

connection, phone spaces open for either plains crossedpioneers the Mrs. who and Marie Ruth Fox May playgrounds and shady for revnooks settlers original local the ofor were the the of General of Board Thomas

erie. is it While only seven about I. themcommunity.) honored L. Make Beylmia A. Y. was M. Camp miles is it City, from Brigham off well theguests evening. of I. to over then turned our A. M.

is the main isolated highway and as girls the the season. for of remainder

as desired. could be much

itself is close to built Institute TheRecreation Leaders Camp executive committee, The composed hillside, a in setting the of western

President Louise Skidmore, Thursday, Cleopha 1931 of June 11, trees beautiful native shruband most

HTOP Floor, Bishop's Building, combery which in each season of the year * mencing promptly at 9 a. m., presents a new and different beauty

Thursday morning, June 11, the GenSpring with its beautiful verdure and eral Boards of M. I. A. will conduct varied colored wild flowers is rivaled

a special institute for Recreation Leadby autumn with its most gorgeous ers. All M. I. A. workers are inhues of scarlet and bronze. The Camp

vited. Experts will present our music, gives one the impression of having

dramatic, dancing, speech and other always been right there, just waiting programs. This will be an excellent for our girls to discover its rare beauty.

opportunity for our leaders to get The building is of frame construcdetailed instruction in these fields of tion, built on a high rock foundation.

work. National leaders have been The combined dining and living room

invited to attend. is thirty feet wide by fifty feet in

484 The Improvement Era for June, 1931

length, with a massive rock fireplace at one side, which is indeed the nucleus of the home. On either end of

the fireplace is a rustic stairway leading to the sleeping quarters on the second floor, where there are accommodations for from fifty to seventyfive girls, A veranda or porch twelve feet wide extends the full length of the building on the east side, which on both floors, is surrounded by a picturesque rustic railing. All openings are fitted with

screens. In the front are casement

windows, while at the ends are heavy sliding wood shutters. Beautiful

French doors on each floor open on to the broad verandas. The leanto, Ensign Stake Gleaners Hold

built at the rear provides a kitchen, ten by twenty feet in size and also a Annual Banquet room, ten by ten feet for lavatories, showers, etc., when these conveniences YEAR'S gleaning, all crowded toastmistress with her wise philosophy

can be afforded. of yearly the message wit, carried exand the evening, was one A into the beautifully through gleaning Girls Ensign of the Gleaner of approximate cost of the buildperience The

the Summerof Youth, Springtime furnishthe ing was and 17th. $6,000.00 stake April on

of the Autumn time of Womanhood, into are at ings approximately valued to glance happened you Had into Winter's Realm and Maturity, raised that $1,000.00. the Hotel was ball the of This money Utah room

in various ways. An assessment of evening you would have realized at a of Old Age.

$1.00 each on the Y. L. M. I. A. glance that spring, summer, autumn Each season was so entrancingly

membership was made in the beginand winter were there in all their glory described by the girls who represented ning. Stake Board members, assisted and beauty, bringing with them their them, that every gleaner girl's golden

by. the wards, raised approximately mesasges of life and love. chest, which was her favor for the

$1,000.00 by serving luncheons on From tables with their miniature evening, was filled to overflowing.

various occasions. Plays and dances maypoles of lavender and pink with The treasures which could not be

were also given. We also received their dainty butterflies and birds scatenclosed in the chests were even more

the return of our annual fund from tered beneath them, symbolizing valuable and were stored in their hearts the General Board. Public subscripspring; and the mirror lakes surroundand minds, for that night there were

tions amounted to about $300.00. ed by moss on which rested dainty treasures of music, literature, grace

Later an assessment of 8c per capita fans and parasols picturing summer; and beauty in abundance. Greater

was made on wards to pay the balance. on to the tiny rustic barns, standing than these were the treasures of love,

The furnishings and equipment were in the midst of realistic fields of corn friendship and fellowship, one for largely donated. and wheat, with the bright leaves of another, that were gleaned.

it ideal culmination an Truly was tables to floating the about; autumn 2629, Elva Moss, Miss 1928, June girl gleaning, for each yearly of our little of their white with snow men field the then General of worker her, besides her carried with away finally walls the to winter; very and first leadthe conducted Board, Camp little her card place handpainted and the idea corners of of the and room, It institute at ership Beylmia. Camp chest, of picture treasure a golden the seasons apparent. Everyfour was the successful conmost was on and real loveliness, to determination a and to essence the of thing breathe seemed dediday, cluding 29, June 1928, secure still fully, to glean and more fall spring, winter, summer, and and President held. services were catory each herself treasures for the from spirit gleanforth the carry yearly of stake Elder the of S. Lee Box Norman affair life. wasentire ing. season of The prayer. dedicatory offering the

Mother Time in the form of the under the direction of Myrtle Dean

The Camp is managed by a committee from the Y. L. M. I. Stake

Board, assisted by a committee of three For Her Trousseau members from the high council. During the season of 1928, Mrs. Elsa I am making cross work stitches Prayers that the path of life be smooth

Christensen was chairman of the In a sampler design Beneath her trusting feet,

Camp committee; and during 1929 On a piece of pale green linen Hope that the bitter things be far

and 1930 Mrs. Veara Fife was chairFor this oldest girl of mine. Outnumbered by the sweet.

man. Our present committee is as When it is completely finished Prayers that the splendid soul of her

time, Miss untouched Jensen, Remain by Cleopha follows: Mrs. well, laundered and And that the Hansen, promise of her youth L. Jensen, with pressed, Hope N. Norma trousseau the to 'Twill be added lead to Perry sublime. heights Heber and E. W. Tyson May M.

chest. cedar the Within far council. the high Thus from

we have not had a paid supervisor or Trusting that all her high ideals recreational director at the Camp. The And as the stitches multiply And love for God and truth

various wards have provided for their And the pattern grows more clear, May strengthen with the years, and be own house mother, kitchen supervisor I wonder what the future holds Her stay in age as youth.

and recreational director. Each girl In store for one so dear. So from the mother heart of me

sheets, this and blanket, fervent breathe prayer her provides own loving care I of world what a With all is to will bless required obey her through the She That pillow. God

is fast, Each stitch woven also to years the of regulations Camp and share the necessary—Cleophawork. Jensen. WillHow theymanyrecordhopes,at howlast. many prayers And keep her in his care.—A Mother.

The Improvement Era for June, 1931 485

M.I A. Monthly Report of Accomplishments during, March, 1931

i e; a a> * CO at E i- c V

I a +*. -3 -2!. %, s

ca e e aj - a u re Dac. II "15 - in people of No. Stake TOI id 41 o 2 E VIS -Si ra c- OS who reached Stand- "A"*E of No. received having.—Wards 2 co s i s </> a. CO received ard recogand M recognition M at Stake Day Honor e f *- JC—nition—the c at Honor Day Ssum

i in events the following a"; 'w. i1 in S3 in held the Wards g Ward—> o is - 9 5 events following =5 $ Usc J

dance of -l- e -s s si o: a. 3 c o a Intent K o O

ss S. S.- 5S.E II

1 Public Retold 1 "| Retold Public.Dane* c D Spkng. 75% Story Y.L. Y.M. Y.M. Drama Music Drama Y.L Music 1 ing Story Spkng. f"ing M.P.

G. M. V. 1 G.

Alberta 11 9 4 22 5 52 72 34 27.... 43 4Bannock 8 5 6 3 4 3 2 2 12 15 1 7 6 2 1.... 2 4 4 1 Bear Lake 11 11 5 5 3 1 3 8 2 1 5 2 5 '5 5Bear River 12 12 8 5 12 3 8 2 10 5 32 2 2 4 30 2 1 2 3 7—Beaver 5 3 5 1 2 2 2 1 12 13 10 8 8 2 1 3 2 3Blackfoot 13 7 6 15 3 6 38 1 34 16 2 5 4 3 21 1.Blaine 6 1 3 1. 2 2 3 7.., 8 58Cache 8 7 1 7 4 7 56 4 2 40 44..*,..,. 1 1.... 5Carbon 6 4 6 8 4 5 36 6 2 11 18 18 8 1 5 5 5 13 1 2Casaia 6 6 5 6 3.. 5 31 14 12 6 6 6 13 6Cottonwood 8 10 2 22 6 2 3 56 48 8 23 4.... 4 5 9 8Curlew 6 5 3 4 3 4 20 27 4 3 8 * 2 1—"Deseret 12 15 6 9 7 34 32 16 17.. "4 1East Jordan 11 11 6 9 23 6 1 119 4 74 58 22 6 6—.... 7 if 5Ensign 8 1 8 25 122 7 37 119 80 10 6Franklin 11 9 6 11 113 9 7 294 158 7 25 110 2 2 8 3 7 7 8 9 5 --—Fremont 14.... 13 22 9 9 8 4 105 89 181 4 25 2 5 2 7.... 13 16 6Garfield—8 3 2 3 4 9 1 S 12 2 27 7 2 3 *** 3 1

,Granite 6 10 10 57 6 9 8 2 117 99 290 66 8 7 7 48 10Grant 14 13 30 9 7 12 7 118 149 81 37 8 10 11.... 31 7 "1Gunnison 7 7 15 6 4 5 3 40 6 49 23 17 4 5 1 5 3 Hollywood 9 12 7 4 5 5 64 2 15 10 65 2 2 3 18 5 FallsIdaho 9 12 4 17 6 2 51 41 2 28 59. 2 2.... 3 17 3

6Kanab 7 15 5 4 40 4 18 59 4 2 28 8 4 5 3 10 3Kolob 16 5 5 8 4 13 3 4 90 36 71 4 2 5 21 Lehi 6 5 37 5 5 3 58 107 4 86 43 2 2 8 3 4 15 3Logan 11 10 18 7 8 70 74 5 38 70 9 5 7 7 7.,.,,, Los Angeles 9 12 11 3 8 38 21 16 4 10 7 2 4 4 2 5 1 -—Malad 9 9 3 7 7 1 9 16 3 35 86 8 2 1 2 2 -..* 2 5

. ip48'Maricopa 7 7 5 11 10 7 26 3 3 20 9 4 6 5 8.... 8 27 6

.Millard 3 4 15 6 4 4 60 15 4 9 8 28 2 4 1 4 *... 4 6 2

*..- 6 7 10Moapa 8 5 6 54 21 23 36 5 6 2 6 1 1 8 g 6

1Montpelier 1 9 5 2 9 20 13 2 6 2 1 1 2 5 """* 5 2.,. 5 3 5 5Moroni 8 4 53 4 5 42 8 8 3 2 """3 3

- --..... Sanpete.. 5 15North 5 3 6 24 4 44 55 22 3 2 5 5 1 "23 3

Sevier.... 3North 4 2 1 2 2 2 36 8 8 6 1 2 ***** 2 2 5

... 4 Weber.... 1 1North 4 8 14 15 12 9 8 2 2 34 10

..... 5 23 12 11 12 12 72 29Ogden 3 17 106 4 5 7 12 22 3

11 4 11 18 20 3 20 101 76 9 5 7 9 7 10 9 1 7 9 "** 6 6 21 3 35 6 3 56Oquirrh 6 6 4 86 22 2 3 4 2.... 4 6 2 5

9 6 5 2 5 8 32 7Panguitch 53 10 8 1 2 2 3 6 17 4 21Pocatello 6 7 29 6 10 103 116 26 5 7 4 8 7 8 8 7 36 6 4 13 6 6 32 4 19 3 7 24Portneuf 7 7 3 2 4 2 6 3 28....r.. 9 10 1 16Raft 1 34 6 8 River 4 8 2 1 2 7 1

21 40.,.. St. 5 5 14 52 2 4 18 4 8 George 4 3 2 4 4 3 4 12

5 8 6 9 6 30 10 25Shelley 9 2 1 3 8 5 4 16 2 3 8 3 4 15 75 6 2 1 3Snowflake 11 S 3 3 4 10 3 39 95 89 6 8 5 8 35 37 8 6 5 5 DavisSouth 2 4 7 2 8 8 g 21 19 30 10 8 7 8 12 Sevier.. 3 1 18 8 2 4South 2 3 3 6 11 2 4

14 5 64 3....—BrTTT1TT 3 6 32 17 8 4 11Star Valley 6 8 5 14 3

, 9 17 18 1 7 16 17 5 2 13 7 2Summit 2 3 4 3 2 6,.,. 3 10 4 14 1 23 20 5 1 3 7 2Sharon 2 8 4 8 3 2

41 123 7 116 10 40 11 40 13 4 8 13Salt 4 5 2 6 Lake 2 7 8 4 41 8,, 105 120 110 20 11 9,. 40 St. IB. 15 Joseph 60 9?

. 33 2 85. 6 60 27 41 6 5.... 6 4 4Taylor 6 6 8 3

, 5 7 7 5 2 2Teton 1 2 3 1 4 10 3 1 4 12 6 5 3 7 3 1 4 1Tintic 4 1 2 1 1 2 1 4—60 4 14 2 3 10 4 5 3 3 10Tooele 2 2 2 3 1 14

- 18 32 7 21 50,,,, 38 5 5 1 4 Falls 8Twin 4 2 6 5 12 7

....... - - *,,.. 9 7Uintah

19 1 51 16 44 1 5 6 4 5 4 5 2 4 1Union 1 4 8 2........ 15 41 5 28 7 3 5 31... 9Utah 5 1 13 7

50 27 8 30 5 120 48 7 9 9 5Wasatch.... 6 6... 9

17 2 1 8 23 25 12 4 3 2 6 2 2 4 1Wayne 2 5 20'5 65 15 64 8 4 6 3 3 7 8 JordanWest 7 5 8 7 3

........ 15 24 45 32 2 4 19 2 3 2 4 8 2Woodruff 1 8 2 3

35 15 3 6 1 3 4 34 2 17 7 6 2 10Yellowstone 1 1 2 2 4 8 39 2 12 79 70 33 5 13 6 3 3 21 21Calif. 49 4 Mission 2 5 3 5 62

.. 9 11 10 9 10 States. 13Eastern

15.. 25 14 17 6 8 5 3 13 3 2 19 2 3Northwestern 2 5 2

. 89 18 5 88 4 8 8 7 8 17 6 7Northern 7 6 3

................. 7 4....... 10 14 StatesCentral 2

1 2.—..... 2 9 CentralEast

1404* 1657 3694 3645 417 329 87 1140 53 151.... 66 552 253. 180Totals 125 259 52 237 268 877 15 256

""PHE foregoing report is exceptionThis report includes sixtysix stakes Out of 552 wards reporting, 253 -L ally interesting. It gives some and six missions reporting, representof them met the requirements and reidea, at least, of the splendid results ing 552 wards and branches. In ceived recognition at Stake Honor Day

of this year's program. You will note these wards a total of 3,645 people in drama, 180 in dancing, etc. Some

we ask for the number of people who took part and reached "A"Standard 13,000 honor pins were awarded to reached "A"Standard and received in drama, 1,404 in dancing, 3,694 individuals reaching "A"Standard in recognition at the Ward Honor Day. in music, etc. the various wards. Thousands more

486 The Improvement Era for June, 1931

have participated and it is gratifying reports in detail of all contest results, branches will meet together and have to know that never before has such together with a tentative program for a Division Honor Day just as the interest been shown in M. I. A. acthe summer. The bulletin served as stakes have Stake Honor Day. The

tivities. The above report doesn't an effective medium, and we have branches are all very enthusiastic over

begin to tell of all the achievements in faith in its worth in the future. the plan, and we have big hopes for

the stakes, and space will permit onlySome branches reported that comthe future. We even hope to have

mention of a few of the outstanding petition would be almost impossible the California Mission represented atevents. for several reasons—-the financial dethe June Convention this year. At

The Gold and Green Ball has bepression, lack of members, and lack least there is a great deal of interest come the big social event of the season of staging facilities. But during the and enthusiasm in the various branches

for M. I. IA. Practically all stakes months of January and February conover the contest work."

have conducted this ball in a lovely, tinued effort was put forth, and interThe mission was divided. into

dignified way, choosing a queen and branch elimination contests were twelve districts where contest work using other features to make it most staged, featuring drama (using Era was carried on in all the events and attractive. We are pleased to report suggested plays), retold stories, music, winners chosen to enter division finals.

also that this has been conducted in and public speaking as outlined in Basketball was also entered into. In

many of the missions very successfully. the handbook supplement. Through Northern California the outside deefforts missionuntiring of faith and banquets basketball and Gleaner a church have nominationsThe M Men interfinal four members, and as are aries popular, quite Branch Gridleyare becoming M. I. league, and the

the Junior Girls'festivals. The Basdistrict contests were held in the fol- A. team was invited to join the league.

ton, Ohio; havagainst all the Northern Calyoung men 8,000 Indianapolis, Indiana; and winningketballcessful—someTournament was very suclowing cities, Detroit, Michigan; DayThey did and carried away the honors, Illinois. Chicago, league in the Churching participated ifornia teams.

this year. The BeeHive Swarm Day Nothing in Northern States Mission

has long since become permanently Mutual history was quite as inspiring established, with attractive programs as were the results of our labors. Northwestern and Eastern

being presented in all the stakes, at Good crowds enthusiastically supportStates which some 5,000 BeeHive girls were ed each event. And winning teams

awarded graduation certificates, merit were presented with a beautiful silver Northwestern States Missionbadges, etc. cup upon which was engraved M. I. THEhas also carried on contest work in

Contest work this year has ex- A., the winning district, and the date, all events, the winners of which were 1931. outstanding. the in records both all previouscelled the S. made President Pond Noah our think missions.stakes and We [held states Mission Eastern The contest work: on following comments interested particularly be willreaders speaking, public dancing, in contests girls, maiden, youth and and "Boys acthe about somethingin learning havreport drama. music They and in part taken father had mother and carried it been as hastivity program activities of our followed program ing story, retold drama music, song and Brother missions. the in of someon sucgreat year the with throughout missionoratory. and Members and Sister Rebecca and Wright HaroldL. is "writes David cess. aim, "It our in joy by the recompense aries had the I. in A. of Supervisors M.Snow, the I. Supervisor of A. Payne, M. to timid the awakening from seeing folthe give mission StatesNorthern district, con- "to YorkBrooklyn New to acquaintance trustful; passing

report: interestinglowing is it carried I. as A. duct work M. Misconversion. Our friendship, and

sion Mutual leaders have written Laton in the stakes and wards."From

Northern States Mission terday Saint standards and ideals into reports they are succeeding admirably.

the hearts of all those who have enThe General Board of M. I. A. Mutuals—1931 tered into this work."wishes to express appreciation to all

TN the fall of 1930, when the handComments from other presiding ofofficers and leaders for the splendid 1 book supplement was received, ficers in the Northern States Mission achievements of the past year and is plans were immediately made for the are as follows: "This year our atlooking forward to even bigger and

launching of the mission contests, a tendance has almost doubled."better results, if it is possible during

program which would be entirely new "Since contest work started, Mil1931-32.

to the Mutual officers and members waukee certainly has taken an interest in this section. We realized that to in it. The young as well as the old

achieve complete success every officer took part and several nonmembers and member would have to get into became interested in M. I. A. work."Personality

the harness and work to capacity. "We feel that the interest in our

Distance and time plus other conSunday School work is almost enFriend, have you heard ofditions did not permit a special tour tirely due to the interest manifest in MYthe land of Yawn, on the banks of the mission by M. I. A. reprecontest work."of the River Slow, where blossoms

sentatives, hence the need was seen of the Waitawhile flower fair, and the effective direct and scents the air anda means by which In California Sometimeorother to all be made wouldcommunication the Soft Goeasies grow?

printing and also the led to has Missionofficers. California This

lies Whatstheuse, in the valley of "It of THE Bulletin I. extensively A. the contest carried of work M. onissuing that of Letterslide, in the Province Mission. first time. States Miss the for this yearthe Northern it's is the there, native Tiredfeeling.

the Misof President consisted of Jessie Burnham, initial number The I-don't-care, where of the listless home follows: I. as writes L. A. sion giving instructions, M. Y. rulescontest and abide."the Putitoffs

dis- a are taking feel that we of all outlook M. a perspective "Wealso

I. A. organizations in the missiontinct step upward in Mutual work Is this the kind of personality you

The second issue contained a comin the California Mission this spring want? No, decidedly not! Then get

parative report of M. I. A. progress in contest work. We have arranged busy and read more books, and be

and further suggestions on our confor divisional meets among our a man of personality. Yes, have antests received from the General Board. branches similar to those of the stakes. attractive dynamic personality. -—M

The third issue of the bulletin gave Three or four and sometimes five Men's Publication, Calif. Mission.

The Improvement Era for June, 1931 487

Fossil Fabric

[Continued from page 467] funeral when he "heard taps."and carried until the water tasted moments at a time, and then on

Desire became reason, opposition like stale tea. Thoughts of shade again—munching an apple and rewas to be avoided. He had slipped and water lightened his pace, but living boyhood adventures. Apples

away and had hobbled about half only for a few steps. If only the and boyhood—they go together

. His musings almost the distance, but beyond, even past ground wouldn't rock so; as he somehow—

the horizon, lay long, lonely unlifted his foot the earth seemed to burst into a prayer of thankfulness compromising miles of dust. rise with it and to shrink on the as he thought, "God bless the pernext step. Fear of failure made son who planted these, trees, and

the his he bless person to heart Fatigued the may thump. dug who must be moving; Hi.E reeled at their the troughs that intoxication, the roots point he of the should if scouts from "Home"

overtake him he would be hustled blindly through the dust clouds, rains might satisfy the thirst of back and the long trek would have his dragging feet raised at every trees that brave desert places."Only because of their their shade, step, partially conand sank, only started again. to be over By slidfruit, support, their their leaves, tree. scious, the first beneath his ing the tree trunk, he back up drew himself to position to plod Sleep drowned him; until mornhad he been able to go on—to

he could see jerkily on. Had walking not been ing he was aware of nothing. reach home—where it rethe arbor—his playing places so difficult, he could have enjoyed When daylight roused him,

and be buried in the open, unpeopled, uncultivated vealed no stream—instead, a row

stretches, for Darton had looked of apple trees. Either the road He was reeling again. He

like that when he was a boy, but followed the trees or the trees the would ask about the trees when the pain in his leg was gnawing; road, for, as he journeyed on, the he reached

the old bone seemed to chew with way proved as crooked as a calfThe ground was blurring by, the trees; who planted he leaned against a tree—dark slivery teeth the nub of hardened path. Why flesh. Perspiration picked its path them; why apple trees?—his unwaters seemed to rise and flood his through the tangled wrinkles in derstanding of roadbuilding had ears—he slipped to the ground.

his sagging cheeks and splashed on been that nothing stopped roads When he roused, a shadowy the collar of his blue shirt; the buildings fell, tracks were bridged man was leaning over him, pourand rivers turned that roads might ing the water from the syrupcan collapsed blue collar that standing

open at the throat seesawed his pass. The curiousness of this inover his face. A load of hay

stocky neck with each uneven trigued him. Peter partially fordriven to the side of the road towhis in weariness got contemplating ered above him. Peter at groped stride.squeaky his eyes shaded He

trees. the long branches the air as The articulate, to he tried for aand looked cloud. sun The

was merciless. reached small red apples to him but the driver spoke first: "Need

A car slowed and a suave genand the next few miles hurried by. a lift? Far as Darton?"

I'm offeredtleman a ride. will—"Kind—if—youI it—thanks, "No, I'll walk the rest J\S the sun climbed, afraid can't—make

of the way."He was only a few weariness increased and the stump With difficulty the driver finally

miles from Darton, and he couldn't of his leg ached almost beyond enhelped him to the blanket on the take the chance. He had read of durance. He gathered apple leaves load. As the team jogged along,

gangs and kidnapping. Too bad and folding them in his bandana Peter in weak, trembling voice,

a cushion to lay between his broken by heavy sighs, told his the world had changed so-—why, made

story calloused the nonresilient flesh and to one of the citizens of Dar- a waswhen he thoughts boy—his ton. wood. Until crushedraced, the to pulp they thud, but squeak, thud,

relief, afforded each but during his of stepsqueak "I slow. was could thought—maybe—I rest the leaves replaced. be must a be in little—use Darton—my rests often came And now. The old crisp age with he bones—are drew Pausing, trees helped to get him I and up but in could be can the his back of across his hand parades—I in their down, and shade tell could he true stories the about to war forehead, and, half his shutting

sleep; fearful yet of relaxing too the children, and "taps"wheneyes, tried to squint towards on completely he allowed a but few sound they can military in object the distance. Itsome have—aappeared to be a long row of trees funeral for me—I want to be

bending, bowing as if following buried by my mother in the Darthe meanderings of a stream. When ton cemetery."

he reached them he would leave the road and follow the shade; it H:.E drew from his

might make the way a little longer pocket a neatly folded flag.

but surely less exhausting. Too, "Look,"he said, "I made this

a few draughts of cool water would myself. One side is the confederate

taste "purty good"after drinking flag and one the stars and stripes for a two syrupcan days from like together like this them—Ihe sneaked had the rubbish from glad I'm for the stripes stars and

488 The Improvement Era for June, 1931

but I'm mighty proud to have aloud "and I was one of the boys fought with Lee. My brother who sicked the dogs on him, to

town."of out drive flag, I one gave that him for only

was meanwhile driver grave."this on want The my That Sweet Taste diedleg—I

the trees once if for the questioning wondering driver was The of had SAFETY it where helped a (perhaps burdensome, welcome perhaps—perhaps better not to. been would have old might crazy") "kinda man

SEGO sure as MILK has that receive, asked, "Are he you

Safety of Taste Sweet mild, better to your go back hadn't you fitting his IT was ETER temperatures high of proof Soldiers'the at friends real the the revolutions to of thoughts sterilization. assure which Home?"dog wheels, "I—sicked—the—first fingers, his if Peter grasped as safe as is Milk Sego him on—They—drove—him—other. the His disease then one hand of germ no sicked were there town—of—out——I—as positive answered, he tone conwas the in world—always—him—They dog—on—the—I to back! going not want "I'm and economical venient, of——him—out—drove—long be die in won't wholesome. the Darton—it—town—Maybe—sick—glistened, he -—"Tears and me dog—on—drive—me—LANE MELODY SEGO slightly forward. swayed town No—I'm of—orand harp of Violin, front in reached driver out—i The—Saturday a—War—Civil—music, gan his resting on hand and him to 8:15. at evenings they—won't—do—Veteranthat—a said in Peter's knee monohushed me——TvSTis to kinder you folks tone, "Hope Peter. cried lights,"the "See

than they was to Simon Hanks."Little darts from scattered cottage

"Simon Hanks! D'you know windows pierced the darkness as

Simon Hanks?"expectantly inif to beckon them on.

quired Peter? "You'll come home with me to

"No, no, he was gone long 'fore supper?"

my day. I've only lived here "No, thanks, its my own home

fortytwo year, but everybody I'm wantin't'see. I'd like t'

hereabouts knows Simon (Saint sleep there tonight."

Simon some calls him) 'count 'o "Where abouts is it? I'll drive

the apple trees,"he nodded toyou over."

ward the side of the highway. "It's two blocks south of the

here, I'll get out again, you -H——IB—II——If- j D—h—n-i!—ii—ii—*i—- low"Thesethe road?"here apple trees that folplease.court house;Be no,seein'

careful, be careful,"cau- "Be friend. his all tioned HILSON'S "It'Thedid?roadit did—Ifollowedwonderedthe trees thanks."

it."Peter started to scramble down NEWEST THINGS FIRST the way—tell me about

"Well, the story goes"(It the load. With difficulty the driver

Ladies'would be wise to prepare the old restrained him, and then assisted

Readyto-wear man) "the story goes that Simon him safely to the ground. As

he came an old when man blackness the to Peter into walked fosold a funny AND Darton.was was He his step was the of thud—squeak idee somecould Millinery do he an sil, had hesitated, uneven. slow and He

AT POPULAR PRICES thing to make the world better. trying to locate the court house,

chiltell stories the tried to to He it a fathere was! Street Main 65 South and then—Yes, afraid the were dren, but mothers ahead. miliar outline dark That of North Doors Two

all sorts tried of him. to do He be the old would meant home Deseret Bank National

of things to help, but folks jest down there, just two blocks fardrove him from place to place: at ther. He wasn't tired now, but

last they drove him out o'town. he couldn't breathe right. He held

his arid throat swallowed, it was The Utah High andAs heaskedwentto hefill calledhis floursackat the farmswith a Just hurting. few more steps

lived School on jest about it corner. the There of Beauty apples—he was—that's eat, he he didn't apples and what fence! was gone! The house No Culture

331 Clift Bldg., Salt Lake cut up and planted the seeds. HunThe trees were skeletons! He

Learn a profession that would make dreds and hundreds grew and pushed a loose stone into the well, you independent for the rest of when the road (I mean the highit was dry. He leaned against its

your life. Write for catalog. way) come through, they folcrumbling side and strained to see

Mail this Coupon. lowed the trees. We're mighty through'the darkness. Against

perticlar hereabouts."'bout trees the rising light the of the moon

Name - weird trees curious, gnarled ought t'be. you "I'm sayin* made

Address Why, if it hadn't a been for those shadows; they too, were old, mis-

- die. It wasn't trees, I to shapen, could never about a made board to apple provideI and room CityWe can

it senat all like finished the thought would he had town. of students out it back—"He

5 i m *m m> >m <m * >m tence to himself, he couldn't say be; even the cellar roof had caved

The Improvement Era for June, 1931 489

in; nothing was the same. His

heart was beating in his ears something was getting tighter and 1 The Most Thrilling I PEWS tighter in his throat. Perhaps in I Place in Dance The West—Brilliant

it i different. the morning, might be Music, MerryNight—night changes everything, Crowds! Pulpitsbut tomorrow CHAIRS

Folding,

rt en Kinderga it- 'cWXwiCM)! lifted the moon A:lS and Opera trees self above f Salt the it shone on

i Bank, Office, Church and Store the stone 1 Lake struck. his foot had Fixtures City Slowly, laboriously his he slid

bulk to its smooth worn surface. Salt Lake Cabinet &

His fingers traced the edges. It Fixture Company

32 Street Richards the was step old kitchen where he prices Write us for had sat times counting beyond to DANCING-H It—-M l-...—

try one ginger cookie from each tray his mother slid from the oven.

His eyes closed and the fragrant spicy aroma stole again to his nostrils. Wriggling forward, his body

sprawled exhausted on the ground, his cheek rested on the stone. He

slept.A dog barked.

Suddenly wakened, he jerked himself to a sitting position and saw not only the dog but two persons coming toward him through the eerie trees. They were coming

to drive him out of town—to sick the dog on him—they drove Simon Hanks out of town—they

were going to drive him out of townThe dog ran ahead, the figures came nearer—a man and a woman—the dog found him, was

sniffing him.

Peter clutched at his throat.

A quacklike sound escaped, but he could not speak.

"There you are,"(the voice of his friend of the afternoon) "me and Martha couldn't to go bed These former students are all employed by one student has been company—another'till all we knowed right."you was placed since picture taken. was

"Better come over,"interposed

Martha, "we got a spare room."

I'm "nd drivin over to Welkin Special and Regular Courses Alljest three mile from the toHome morrow. I'll be glad t'take you

back. can You see there's nothin'Summer. Enroll Now andto stay here for."

"You been a kind friend, but I'm going to stay here tonight!"Prepare for the Future

"On the ground, no bed?"the

woman questioned.

"I've slept on the ground before, Call, Write or Phone for Information ma'm. I'm a soldier. I'm going

—Maybeto stay hereyou'retonight.right Tomorrow—Maybe

they will sick—the—dogs—on—me—tomorrow—Henager's Business College

Martha pulled an 45 E. Broadway D. B. Moench, Mgr. Salt Lake City

armful of lucern and wrapping it It Pays To Get The Best 490 The Improvement Era for June, 1931 in her large dark apron made a or an animal felt when it was getthings ting the red knitted taking then petrified—fossils—old Delegates and Excursionpillow of she that shoulders, show folks what kind her shawl from; own ists Coming to the June spread it over Peter's Jeg as she creatures used to live—He was

hit Conference, M. I. A., are suggested: "It's a warm night, pa; turning into a fossil—His head

better Cordially Invited to Visit leave him be if he'd rather. You the stone step—It—is—

fossil can drive over for him before to—turn—into—a—

have gettin'I'll be up early breakfast. have—them—than—to—THE GRANITE sic—'fore breakfast to get you two you—-them—

FURNITURE CO. all start off. It'll only be a few

21st East 1050 House, in hours."Sugar located

feel to will be made they where triumSouth fluttered so flag Peter's mutyou,"you, thank "Thank home. at

it soon that grave his over feet. phantly outsandat their still sitting Lake's is Salt Peter tered Granite The

has It furnishings. for store home ing story the shreds, but itself to the wore added womanlike, Martha, repubusiness splendid a had always

class the reliable the dying to on his is due This journey, tation. the of bright over "Pa'll be last word. consistently its for carried, furniture of expression contented the doorstep, rent of high the dreams."out sweet fer prices, you, being 'n early low

of liberal terms its for district, and military the death, in face his of the into again moved courtwo its uniformly The as well as payment, teous salespeople. shadows and were absorbed by the funeral and the planting of his

HUNDRED THAN A chapters MORE ALWAYS delectable all flag, became darkness. DISPLAY SUITES ON LIVING ROOM

features recountCo. Granite to be frequently The gossip of are taking "They Electric me—backcelebrated the KELVINATORFurniture of Darton. They people the electric gas, by Peter said ed leading the in As the morning—"WASHERS,

famous the DEXTER Refrigerator;

radios, ranges, Armthe words his body seemed to sotoo are glad Peter came home to and combination fine and everyrugs linoleums, strong a fish die.

progressive in a big, thing carried lidify—he knew now how

Furniture Store.

"The finest Drapery Department in the West"GRANITE The Answer [Continued from page 471] FURNITURE CO.

ears, words angry in his Murray Sugar House ing, "you Park Vixen. He old threats of B. paint poems—RICHARDS,City JR.,BinghamManager W. are a poet. If I could—thesounded need recalled to his own lowwas met. eyes Nonna Their he Was want everywhere. want, in a low voice: and said hers ered not planned blame? He had night to It "No. is a prayer—every Gruffly he rethis sordid world. with a little laugh I r Then

to his easel. He Make Your thatcornerendedof herin ashawlsigh, overshe threwher headthe fusedHe andreturnedclosed the door.

vanishedHome Bright with anding, hurriedwhile Pietroback topaintedher laceeagerly.maktriedof beautyto call whichonce morehad the vision

Modern Color heIt washadthefeltfirstforrealhisglownewofpicture,feeling vain.with theTheninterruption,he began tobutstudyall hisin

the first time that his thought had picture. There was a certain beauty

glimpsed real beauty in the canvas. in the face—the regular features

a sort BENNETT'S Eagerly he reached out for it—-the form—beauty of

only thin wavering strokes and no doubt. The big bell in the

uncertain, but still his mind held village church tolled. He counted 'Property the vision. three strokes. Time—according to

the bargain he had made with himreturn to his weavInsurance/ self—time to

FAINT knock ing, but still he painted on.

sounded on the Adoor. Strange he "The tapestry is growing,"he

had heard no footfall on the mused. "I shall work later toGloss Interior squeaky stair! His face clouded night."

Finish against interruption. He strode

across the room and threw the BEAUTIFUL, MODERN IN SIXTEEN first faint the stood ITH open. woman wide door A COLORS again stood theW he light of dawn with bent was She before him. all interior paint for successful new The face easel, the studying his fingers with before overnight. toil. Dries her In Solidcovering. surfaces. age and

Manufactured and sold by their workbulged knuckles, she on his canvas. The features, dim

first, took form as the light inBENNETT GLASS & PAINT held two boxes of matches and in at

COMPANY piteous tones, begged Pietro to creased. Then suddenly they

6165 West First South, Salt Lake City buy. He hesitated, for he was not seemed to stand out from the canDealers throughout Utah, Southern Idaho a hard man. In his leather wallet vas as if alive. A startled cry

and Neighboring States. were a few coins, saved against escaped his lips. Surely someone

the payment of the next installhad entered while he slept and defaced his work. And yet the ment. He might—then words

The Improvement Era for June, 1931 491

features and the form were the the cool air on his face, in the same he had so carefully sketched, pattern of sunlight and shadow but there was a veritable leer on through the trees, the nodding the face before him. It had come gentians by the road side, the dewto life to mock him! washed grass, fragrant 'neath his Kewanee

and step. his knife seized he Angrily He had found heart again, and Kewanee Steel Firebox clean. Without canvas thescraped

said, "There may he as walked, he his of even or Boilers food ofa thought into came he time."yet be As to more once heidle began loom, the passed he village for highway the Universally Adopted are the of face form and thesketch

hill. the under little church white reall Other S. Chapels and L. a D. days few ButMadonna.

steps when a few but gone had He. carebrushes his plied Buildings Representativemained. He

enter. and back to go decided he late in until thoughtfully,fully,

the afternoon, then mechanically Stupid how his not going to church turned to his tapestry. He had had so depressed Nonna, angered

Padre. They the father Q?RP?kati9N and her Boiler KtwAN&t minutes a few but weavingbeen

little this in one mind all so of were the above sounded a knockwhen HAWLEYRICHARDSON- to going if merely village—as hastened the beam. of Heklang CO. WILLIAMS church little child door. the to open A Representatives District if he asked face wistful awith

Bldg. Dooly 204 faggots. With some buy notwould still quite dark was IT Salt gather "I Lake City hasty: and a harsh the trees, there and my inside, for were

own,"he roughly closed the door windows were very narrow, made and, returned to his weaving. of cheap stained glass. For a minute he stood looking at the winit for little scornfully, was a dow, after mid- A LITTLE Christ the LET'S GET TOGETHER of representation crude to a save undressing, night, without

remove his leathern apron, he on the cross. Then his attention on your

threw himself exhausted upon his was arrested by a faint rustling Home, Church, Bank,

It seemed the sound. couch. he awakened, When Painting and Decorating the near somewhere toaltar—andcome fromhis the flat gray hills were mists above

slowly lifting. In a few minutes eyes, now accustomed to the dark Problems

gladly suggestions and figure of interior, the a man Estimates saw daylight bounding would come obligation. furnished without praying kneeling. was The man sun. ahead of a bright His lips

a form or an act curled in selfderision as he thought—-not merely as Kefterer supplicatgrace, pleading, & Perschon but a of fancied of of yesterday—a the heard ing. over he and Over Company sick mind—nothing more—andtrick sobs, "For half between words Street Washington 657 yet face studied today the as be

Such Salt Lake City, Utah before him bis heart sank. There them—O Lord—for them!"

was form. There was color. But pleading, such sorrow as comes Phone Was. 2797 Phone Hy. 3756

be knew only too well that it was only from the soul's depths. While

for Pietro stood hesitant, he would a only a canvas. face on There

an-. intrude upon not knowingly life. breath. There was no was no

There was no soul. With an angry other's grief, the man arose and High School

faced as if he suddenly him, had stride the he crossed room, dashed of anCourse in all at once aware become floor the canvas to the rushed and

It Years, presence in the room. 2 out. the other ran almost down He

School High face. haggard pale and was a lane for study narrow from which home led away fThisCourse—speciallysimplified, preparedcomplete

all requiremeets leading he might Pietro judged by the village and out into the open Young. business, to college, for entranceprofessors—and ments himself even be younger than he professions. leading country. nf\ f\+k\OY

Engineers, llld Busslightly, 200 hair ruffled brown—light helped Educators Overineas notedand Men, lQpc through and on on walked He instruction the prepare eyes, evidently red blue kindly what success. matter for need which specialNo flowers, grass fields in deep and can'thope be, inclinationsyou your may OS"WUI(AM*L weeping. from Let youtraining. specialized without to succeed for anger and he but saw nothing, yon training meedpractical the nsgive you H

eyes. his blinded hate when And Ave. ft Schoolfc8th AmericanDrexel

quite spent he sat he was down ChicagoStreet to Pietro blushed for HB HA82, 6fc9 Dept.

rest with his head in his hands. the intrusion and hastened to say: Money Back When You Finish If Not Satisfied

checked and information full I—Send in glistening mo the Arno line. in that will help you—perhaps Finallyhim—sawhe arose and looked about "I am sorry if you are in trouble American School, Dept. HA82, Drexel Ave. and SBtti st. Lhicago how

Engineer me win successon the subjectElectrical looked light, Architect gleamthe the at him young morning dew man The Education General Contractor Building his looked flowers he petals as the wideeyed, of the and ing on Engineer Automobile

Practice Shop Mach. Civil Engineer brightened, face feet. but heard, suddenly he at his but Then Engineer Mechanical Engineer Structural

Steam Manager afar, or Business sorrow as again with darkened faintly, from if it came Heating Sanitary Engineer& Auditor C. P. A. &

hesitating: after then, a of first song doubt; note Bookkeeper "Oh the waking

Graduate High School Draftsman & Designer stranger, think tobird. you slowly back walked He me weak—but ward the yillage, but with peace it's for her—her and the young and cleared vision. He reveled in baby. They are dying—dying of

492 The Improvement Era for June, 1931

hunger. And she is beautiful, so passed it by, something seemed to

beautiful."draw him inside. He sat down

"Come with me,"Pietro said to rest. He closed his eyes, and ascurtly, and hurried out of the he sat, he seemed to see a soft

We Have a churchwith a andhard,downset lookthe villageon his roadface. light,graduallyand takeout form,of the a lightface ofa faceinWhen they reached the house of effable beauty, and on the lips a

Service Which the shoemaker from whom Pietro smile of marvelous power, the kind rented the garret, Pietro said: of smile that is born out of sor-

"Wait here,"and with steady, unrow and above sorrow. He opened

Will Exactly hurried steps he mounted the his eyes. He looked about him.

creaky stair to his room. From Had he been dreaming? But if

behind a loosened board in the it was a dream its power persisted. Fit Your back of the cupboard, he drew a It heartened him. It lightened his

pewter jug, emptied its contents footsteps on the way home and

Needs and blouse,into theandpockethurriedof hisbackbluedownwoolenthe peaceas he enteredhad neverhis beforeheart, peaceknown.such

stair. He began to paint, saying: "I

Pocket Book "Take these. It is all I have. must not lose it—I must not."

Go and buy food for her."Pietro All that day he painted and far

turned to go, without looking at into the night, and all the next the stranger, or waiting to hear day and far into the next night.

the thanks, the prayers he was Slowly the face came to life on murmuring; but the stranger seized his canvas. With each touch—new his hand—kissed it again and beauty. The lips breathed. i"he

again. "Oh you must come with eye beamed as only an eye with

me,"he begged. And as Pietro an understanding soul can beam

hesitated: "I pray you, do not a soul purged by sorrow. The

refuse."Though unwilling, somedawn slowly dimmed the light of

thing seemed to impel Pietro. "I the little oil lamp, but Pietro paid

Distinctive Work will go,"he said quietly. And no heed. And when the first rays

together they hurried down the of the sun shone through the narroad. At the end of a back street row window and full upon the

* * * the stranger stopped before a sagface before him, Pietro saw. He

ging door of a battered tenement could not help knowing. He

house. Dirty children stared at bowed his head. His lips moved.

Hyland 190 them as they entered the dark, For a long time he sat as if awed, foulsmelling hall. At the end of as one who sees a miracle.

stranger hall the a door opened unnoticed. She Nonna 319 South Main St. the

in, crying rushed such with and stood Her enraptured—breathless.entered

it his in that voice of a note joy filled eyes Finally with tears. she

* * * cut Pietro to the heart: "Gwenda, breathed softly: "It is the answer

I I prayed found help. have As answer."—the stranger—in the church, a kind Pietro replied: Yes, it is And

If you live outside of Salt and he went over and knelt down the answer."

her bed. haste, "Make Lake, send us your work by beside Pietro—make did not She not move. She did you forgotten? ToParcel Post. haste—have

eyes. so pale her open She was is the day! day the Carry it to

that Pietro's heart stood reward!"village—the too it was already haps he answered quietly, "Nonna,"still.late—shePerwas beautiful, as beautiful as a "I have received my reward."

lily on a mountain And they were true words, for BE INDEPENDENT crisp white

No Other Vocation So Profitable! lake. though the ten thousand lire freed

ENROLL NOW Slowly she opened her eyes, as Pietro from the bonds of debt, he

For a Complete Course at the if scarce comprehending. "See, had already freed himself from a Gwenda, the kind stranger—here more cruel bondage.Quisii School of Beauty Culture is money—enough for food—for

goat's milk for him."The Best in the West milk—for

304-9 Ezra Thompson Bldg. She glanced at the baby by her

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH side, then raised her eyes to Pietro's trying to speak she Information For Further was knew—he

Catalog CalJ and lips see her moving; could—he 7560 or Wasatch the and rushed room from but he Fill in This

- Coupon down the hall and out into the highway.

WiHEN he came to the little church and would have

The Improvement Era for ]une9 1931 493

The Era In Every Home [Continued from page 472] SUMMER let no cobwebs gather on these as will provide the spiritual food is the time books. We acclaim the Bible as and uplift; yet, somehow, I mayone of the best, most inspiring not be in the mood to "Search the when you want

works of literature, past, present scriptures,"nor may I feel that I and future, in spite of, rather than should read that "Mystery Thrillbecause of, the verdict of the moder"or that article on "How toern literati. And, of course, we Make Money"or anything more Electric

know or ought to know, that the or less irrelevant for Sunday readBook of Mormon and the Docing. It is then that the Era, as atrine and Covenants as well as the sort of happy medium, comes to Refrigeration

Pearl of Great Price are as impormy rescue. As a rule it settles

tant, or even more significant, at the problem of what to read. It most

least so far as we Latterday Saints is, in a sense, almost like an Open are concerned. We also know that Sesame. Get a copy of the Imwe should indulge their reading provement Era, especially now thatfrequently; for does not St. John the magazine has become—might

in his gospel say, and do not one say a "happy home of the marmodern revelations and council ried, ideal couple: Mr. I. Era and

confirm; "Search ye the scriptures, Miss Y. W. Journal? Open the

the cover; lo andfor in them ye think ye have eterdoor—I meannal life; and they are they which behold the family directory—

testify of me?"And is not the mean, of course, the table of conSabbath the logical day, the most tents, if you will pardon this metaappropriate, yes the appointed phorical expression. Glance down

time, for reading scripture for the the columns. What a revelation

purpose of edification and building of good, inspirational, constructive up of one's spirituality? Indeed. and appropriate reading for an

Now, the personal reference, if you hour or so on Sundays! providing

please equal interest to both men and

As for me, I feel greater justifiwomen; promising all, young and

cation in reading and rereading old, many moments of mind and the Bible and the other three books. soul satisfying edification. ImbuSummer is when you want safe and

a more reader with fercertain food messages, a teming them:. Their any I enjoy preservation—at

perature below 50. truth; for search desire to impress personalities, vent metheir

his or her influences effects intensifying or and themore, yearning With a longer, wisdom; and for knowledge stay with methey create

as a rule, than those of most books spurring one on to seek new enregardless of style and profundity. lightenment; revealing to him or GENERAL

Why? My dear friends, need I her who not only reads, but set down the answer? Indeed not. thinks, studies and applies, new ELECTRIC

truths, new facts, new channels of All Steel Refrigerator "MOW, I am only a human being; progression; flooding the mind of You can have this and more. You - in nature, mood and desires, him or her who has entered upon can have cold, healthful drinks made

likes and dislikes, no different from an earnest quest of truth, and who with plenty of ice cubes; crisp, cold

dainties so temptfrozen and of salads feel like tries seek to first the Kingdom always I don'tyou. As such

little folks to and grownups ing our slogan (let's or remember the Bible but nothing reading God alike.

of God is Intelliits previously mentioned compan-—The Glory

ions, on Sundays after news, comgence) with greater light to enable And It's So Easy!

ics and what not may have had us, both in temporal as well as Just select the model you desire and their more or less due attention. spiritual concerns, to rend asunder plug it into an electric outlet, A

This, of course, takes for granted the chains of darkness, to break General Electric goes to work, savany such things as, for instance, down the barriers of ignorance, to ing time, energy and worry.

a ride, visiting friends, and similar insure new Aufklarung, and to diversions that one might be temptchange the veil of concealment and Come into our store and let us tell ed and, perhaps, wholly justified mystification from its state of youeringaboutElectricourRefrigeration,stepdown ratesElectriccovto indulge for the consummation opacity to opalescence and transCooking and Electric Water Heatof the Sunday hours. Merely I parency so as to reveal the mysing.

refer to the reading oh Sunday, or teries of God in glorious, underany day so far as one's desire to standable realities, conducive to read something spiritual is congreater joys, increased happiness UTAH POWER & cerned. I know, or feel, that in and, ultimately, after all things LIGHT CO.

order to keep His day holy, and shall be conquered, eternal life and Efficient Public Service if one wishes to read at all, I the presence of Him to whose glory should really resort to such reading [Continued on page 502] 494 The Improvement Era for June, 1931

'lJlB3U-()l!.-'!lBK![l'i]il""i! Additional Internal Evidence for the

Authenticity of the Book of Mormon

[Continued from page 459]

ring to the very large area covered by 8. Abysses sometimes open in the

the Nephite destructions. As quoted earth'swhole towns.crust, and close again, swallowing

above it says, "the whole face of 9. Stoutest hearts are panic stricken.

the land was changed, because of the tempests, and the exceeding Phenomenathe Earth \Attendingas Mentionedthein QuakingsHI Nephi, of great quaking of the whole earth."in the Book of Mormon

affected large the region was How it told. not But that we are was whole1. "Exceedingearth."great quaking of the

very great we can not doubt, since 2. "Rocks did rend,""dreadful groanit seems to have included the whole ings,"and "tumultuous noises."

3. of "Vapors smoke."land of the Nephites been had who

4. there could "And not be any light

for multiplying in the land some at all."

six hundred years. 5. "Thick darkness,"jthat could be

Are there any modern parallels felt.

to this; that is, are there records ence,6. besidesSixteen greatcities losswipedof outlife ofin existother

of very large areas being affected cities.,

seriously by quakes? In answer 7. "Whole face of the land changes;"

places rough. made

cities 30 distinctive quakewe haveat onlyAssam,to referIndia,to inthe 1897.great highwayssmooth8. Ninebrokenup; level roads spoiled; were We read in the Encyclopedia Briting. destroyed by sink-

9. "Great remarkable for the mourning "It was and weeping and features tannica,

wailing of the people."vast extent the meizoseismal of

make the Majestic electric area and the distortions of the 'this greatest paralrefrigerator study of EAVING the it. itself crust within shock The the value today market on lelism and harmony between

felt threeover about one and was the sacred records the and accounts American THOUSAND millions or quarter miles square of TEN "were asked what of women firsthand observers these of in size desired half nearly the of most they an Europe.

let phenomena, us electric that refrigerator note the and now octo Serious buildings damage then Majestic designed was the geography terrestrial of seismic built their according to and in a district curred containing specifications. has Nothing disturbances also has its bit eviof sixty to spared been one the about give thousand you hundred dence to contribute to credithe quality material and miles or twice square than more with bility the of of narBook Mormon possible convenience. highestworkmanship—togetherevery size the of Britain."Great

rative in III Nephi. Be reminded

it is Majestic seen sacred Refrigerator the The that Thus a that similar is contribution distinctive 30 has importand made calamities of that in the record features ant can you which |a consideration by the of geograappreciate them. by comparing practically three out hours wiped It is in detail complete every phy of hurricanes, as pointed was

its is beautiful from all to cabinet a at benation wicked not earlier in out its in passages quiet, this unit. paper. everwearing of the powers yond nowknown

last this proof of As statement Aside from the conmany earthquakes. hurricanes and veniences, consider you must I quote authoritative an from work the unit. motorcompressor tothere be Let brought now 6 are by belts Clarence E. gears, no Major or Dutton brief in gether the tabular form to boxes cause wherein says: he "Throughout Therestuffingtrouble, as rotary a type comgreat characteristics of of quakings is is pressor used built which this fifteen miles hundred vol of fine as as watch! a as the earth aunoted modern by

line, canic coast to from Panama also science, thorities earth and on See the Majestic at your Oaxaca, Mexico, earthquakes have dealer's. It Majestic set let the opposite there be them be nearestmay purchased on easy always been abundant, often and it terms, is and a backed by actual the accounts of from Book

destructive. 3-year highly guarantee. the scanty From strikthe then Perhaps Mormon. records preserved, Montessus De Distributed by all the parallelism be ing may has succeeded in bringing light to CO. UNITED ELECTRIC SUPPLY apparent. more Wsisatcli 7478 772, a these and are of most of

Salt Lake City Characteristics of Earthquakes as Mendegree of energy sufficient to cause tioned by Prof. E. J. Houston, a memorable amount of destrucHenri Fabre and Others tion, or to leave a deep impression

upon the public mind. * * * En- 1. Violent quaking of the earth's crust.

2. Great variety of sounds and noises. tering South America at Panama,

.3. Fire and smoke from fissures in two seismic -regions are before us,

the earth. both of them, however, at a great

the earth's crust that Gases from distance; one far to in Venezuela

not combustion. support

eastward, the other in Ecuador, is Darkness sometimes produced by the | \J/ i *r M ELECTRIC will4.5.

the vapors of smoke and gases. far to the southward."Needless

6. large life, loss especially in Very of

I cities. 6Clarence E. Dutton, "Earthquakes,"Irefrigerator I i 7. Great in changes crust. the p. 263. earth's 1904,

The Improvement Era for June, 1931 495

to say this description covers the reason and justice behold with begenerally accepted location of the coming gratitude two choice young lands of the Nephites to a nicety. men, Joseph Smith and Oliver

Therefore, if we may judge the Cowdery, dedicating their efforts, Its VSSLdF*Has their unmatched prayers, their and reasonthe present, maypast we by Rewards enlightenthe gifts for spiritual were Nephites the infer thatably interested—are Ifyou \Sy by Guided world. ability the to speak develop of the destructive—to ment with unacquaintednot everyday in or in public reHOW | Joseph heaven, angels from in a resided twice forge ahead for theyearthquakes effectivelyconversation—to TO WORK doing, read fast are | now a western translate ceives, they and to them. subject? unusuallyregion to I Words WONDERS With Wonders asWorkyou asHow

free. sent of beauty replete with greatest quake Scripture the 34 D. In A. WITH I now booHet,recently pubThis new spirit. WORDS of grandeur thoulished, that teaching, road points and the tempest greatest the withjoined

increase to followed sands have naturally quite a record But such wiped all but nation and earning their was quickly power theand popularity. course, of unavoidably, quite and a closing word, out. now, can, And explains a It by you *"bemethod, howstudy alsoeasy new, home natto as details includes evimany internal the of fright; the worth conquer speakeron and an

to will bo stageprove this cometimidity fear. booklet read outstandingand To people of the surroundings the for auural submitted here dence wellspent. evening an,..,* freo this valuable address and and Simply send name custells, their it history whose obligation. of once. the Mormon. at will of bookletthenticity besent Book No

toms, their language, their migraNORTH AMERICAN INSTITUTE

A CCORDING to the point of tions, their vicissitudes and even3601 Michigan Ave., Dept. 418-A Chicago, 111.

—view of those who scoff at the tually the terrible tempests and

sacred origin of the western volquakes that beset the region. And,

ume of Scripture, one must seemof course, many of these details authentests of the valid as and serve Smith Joseph imagine ingly just Distinctive record. the ticity of And pressing onward Oliver Cowdery

in their concoction of the book here, Joseph Smith, had he been which for no imaginable gain to an impostor, land the Book of themselves except persecution, Mormon a fraud, would have poverty, and pain, they were to hanged himself high as Haman palm off on the world as angelon his own gallows, and the cyniTYPE inspired. And as they came to the cal world could now be celebrating

period of the Savior's death and its days of Purim "with joy and threeday burial, the bright idea gladness."FACES

struck them to insert a simultaneBut there has been no such ous threeday period of destruction hanging. The sacred record meets Correct in Style for

on this continent. And of all all valid tests as only accurate and

the possible means to this judgstraight-forward history can meet ment upon a rebellious nation, such tests. One needs but to refer

of writings masterful the toto almost these B. Society two youths—one 7 refaithful the Roberts, and H. but other the and unschooled tally 8 and Sjodahl J. searches of M. deterto meagerly and so—chancing realize abunto others, how calamities, many were natural upon mine

lucky enough to choose just those dant and mighty is such evidence, particular forms of elemental viinternal and external, of the auolence which we now learn are thenticity of this sacred book. The Commercial

peculiar to the exact terrain upon present argument herewith subwhich they had, oddly enough, mitted trusts itself to bear, humto these similar a testimony bly, further, people. their Then settled also Printing the effect that, "We to others these wonchanced upon having

drously appropriate phenomena, believe the Book of Mormon to these same lucky noviices fortube the word of God."

genius beyond some nately (or by Witness "New |H Roberts, 7 B. for See our specimens of the imaginanights of the wildest of MorBook II, "The Volume God,"

narrative their into 1909. wrote tion) mon,"Wedding Modern

to Introduction Sjodahl, 8 J. "An M. in particulars, details and ample Invitations of Mormon,"of the Book Study the clarity, which but accurate concise 1927.

no one who had not been an eyewitness, or who had not had access to allembracing accounts of A Mocking Bird eyewitnesses, could then, or can The Deseret now, equal. And furthermore, In the stillness of the night,

they just happened, also, to go When the moonbeams shone, not one iota farther in inserting Reflecting their light from Zion's specific phenomena than scientists domes, News Press warranted by a found today have of the song The Mocking Bird, 29 Richards Street accounts. of firsthand search peer, strict without song A

Gave courage and hope to the first Salt Lake City on a travesty such against let as this, pioneer.—Pees. A. W. Ivins. AS logic argument and

496 The Improvement Era for June, 1931

Perils Encountered by Early Trappers Cleaning & Dqeing C<* [Continued from page 463]

Every article which leaves landers rested and fed among the tility with all other tribes, their

Shoshones. are once more they expeditions Then prone to be conour shop is not only cleaned assailed the mountains, where ducted in the lawless most and

and refreshed but also guarsometimes they sank waistdeep in predatory style; nor do they hesisnow. By the 7th of January tate to extend their maraudings to anteed free from objectionthey were descending the farther any party of white men they meet

able odor of all cleaning maslope. The hard travel and cold with, following their trail, hoverterials. had so weakened some of the men ing about their camps, waylaying

that they could not keep up with and dogging the caravans of the the main party. Before that night free traders, and niurdering the

Mail orders handled carefully the Sioux woman's baby died."solitary trapper. The consequences

and promptly are frequent and desperate fights

WASHINGTON IRVING, in between them and the mountainvv "Adventures of Captain eers, in the wild denies and fastSalt Bonneville,"has left us a very nesses of the Rocky Mountains."

Lake's valuable description of the Blacktribes, Master foot har- "NJTO better who constantly west was MAN of the Cleaners assed the trappers. Bridger - acquainted was the with cunning

and visited in Bonneville of by 183234. the Blackfeet Bridger. than At Dyers savages,""These Irving, intervals, says "are covering an era of almost

the most dangerous Banditti of fifty years, he continued to strugCall Hy. 65 the mountains, and the inveterate gle with their warriors. Part of

foe of the trappers. They are this period, however, included the

444 East Second South St. Ishmaelites of the first order, alyears he acted as a scout in Wyways with weapon in hand ready oming and Montana against the

for action. The young braves of red men, directing the U. S. Govthe tribe, who are destitute of ernment troops under Maj. Gen'l

property, go to war for booty; to G. M. Dodge and other army offigain horses and acquire the means cers. Just prior to Jim's twentyWINNING NEW for setting up a lodge, supporting sixth birthday, 1830, on the Bear

Users Every Day a family, and entitling themselves River in Cache Valley, the Blackto a seat in the public councils. feet scalpers came near ending the

"The veteran warriors fight great mountaineer's life before it merely for the love of the thing, had run onethird of its course of and the consequences which sucthree score years and seventeen.

cess gives them among their people. Through Indian strategem, in a

They are capital horsemen, and are district previously considered safe, generally well mounted on short, his small scouting party were stout horses, similar to the prairie nearly surrounded. The bullets

ponies to be met with in St. Louis. whistled and hummed about him,

When on a war party, however, and his horse gave such an unthey go on foot, to enable them expected leap because of the stingto skulk through the country with ing holes in its flesh that Bridger's greater secrecy; to keep in thickets gun was thrown to the ground and

and ravines, and use more adroit so near on his heels pressed the subterfuges and strategems. Their pursuers that there was nothing

mode of warfare is entirely by to do but flee, and this he did.

ambush, surprise and sudden asAlthough he managed to reach saults in the night time. If they safety, the hated Blackfeet made

succeed in causing a panic, they off with his gun, never to be seen dash forward with headlong fury; again. This was no small loss to

if the enemy is on the alert and Jim.

shows no signs of fear, they become wary and deliberate in their COON after this incident, Bridger movements. They are extremely who was making the rounds of

fond of spiritous liquors and tohis men, examining guns, etc.,CONOCO bacco, for which nuisances they found the rifle of a stout, redGERM PROCESSED are ready to exchange, not merely headed Irishman, one Maloney, in

PARAFFIN BASE their guns and horses, but even an exceptionally dirty state. "What

their wives and daughters. As they would you do,"demanded Bridgenjoy their favorite state of hoser, "with a gun like that if theMOTOR OIL

The Improvement Era for June, 1931 497

Indians were to charge on the I "Begorra, throwcamp?"would

theit to thim you BEAUTIFUL GRADUATION GIFTS and run way did,"laughed the Irishman goodnaturedly. Meeks, relating the

story, says that it was some time before Bridger again examined Maloney's gun.

Beginning about 1830 irritating rivalry sprang up between the S'

Bridger group and the Columbia

River trappers in the Rocky Mountains. Meeks tells us that Peter

Skeen Ogden, in 1830, was found in possession of the Salt Lake Rendezvous on the Weber, by Bridger Wrist Watches..$10 to $100

and his men. Ogden's group beGentsGents CameoRuby Rings..Rings $12$8 toto $30$40

Bracelets $10 $1 to to thelonged Hudson Bay to ComCompacts 69c $10... westernpany, pushed into had Crystal Necklaces. Rock who

America, taking possession of the Cash or $3.75Terms to $35

Columbia River country; and, now

that they were trespassing on the

Rocky Mountain Fur Company'sfields, as Bridger, Sublette and ENSENlEWELERS

Fitzpatrick declared, coming intothe Great Basin, possessing them71 MAIN ST. it EST. 187 5

selves of the Salt Lake rendezvous, the mountain men "set about endeavoring to purchase from the While at M. J. A. ConRockways (The Indians on the l"The Message of the Ages"

north gathering furs for Ogden) & What a marvel of grandeur! How splenference Have Your Auto

the produced! and The others, the COSTUMESand Tops Repaired furs they had colIe in factors important didlyMAKEUPlected in Windshield and Ogden. for Mr. I success. the itsj We Specialize that complimented Wewerefeel

part major our came Glass Enclosure Work I suitand EVENINGfrom shop.GOWNS Seat Covers and I= TUXEDOS affairs able for other formal and Proms at | Tops,"lSTOT succeeding by fair means,

prices. attractive I Awnings Autoif the to such end means an

| largest are dealers the Books, in Play We in Specialize Fender and Body

I"fair, called Operettas, be Curtains, they Operas, Toupees,could opened j We Work Carnival Goods. and Masks | Wigs,a the of which, whisky, keg when WELLINGTON AUTO TOP & Pres. Mgr. and JOHN HANSEN, j taste,Indians got a had drew soon TRIMMING COMPANY CO. SALT LAKE COSTUME

them away from the Hudson Bay | 33 West Broadway Salt Lake City, Utah \ Walter Bloomfield, Manager trader, the regulations of whose Phone Was. 999 Was. 7446 137141 Motor Ave.

company forbade the selling or Call or Send for Catalogue Salt Lake City, Utah giving of liquor to the Indians. |

Under its influence the furs were disposed of to the Rocky Mountain Company, who in this manner obtained almost the whole proTEMPLE BRAND duct of their year's hunt. This

course of conduct was naturally exceedingly disagreeable to Mr.Ogden, as well as unprofitable alGARMENTSOf superior quality and workmanship

so, and a feeling of hostility grew manufactured for the

SALT KNITTING STOKE LAKE the between and increasedup two And sold at prices defying competition. ordering from us When that claimcamps."Some writers remember Postage Pay We

than were exchanged wordsmore FOR LADIES FOR MEN

No. No. theseduring of trouble. days 703 Flat Weave Silk $.90 600 Fine Quality

Light Ribbed 1.20 610 Weight Light Ribbed Wt 1.20 "While matters were in this po719792 Fine Stripe $1.40 Quality Cotton 1.35 602 Extra Fine Quality

sition, a stampede occurred one 751 Fine Silk Lisle 1.85 614 Med. Wt. Ex. Quality 1.351.50

day among the horses in Ogden's 711749 FineSilk StripeQualityMed.CottonWt 1.401.20 605663 Med.Med. HeavyHeavy CottonUnbleached Cotton.. 1.351.75

714 664 Med. Quality Extra 1.50 Wt. Med. Heavy Cotton 1.75 Wt.camp, of the three and two or

717 Crepe 1.95 Dechine 680 Rayon Extra Heavy Unbleached. 2.25 theanimals ran into and ran away 715 Quality Super 1.95 651 Silk Lisle Rayon

camp of the rival company. 720 NonRun Rayon 1.75 620 Fine Quality NonRun 2.501.85

Among them was the horse of Mr. Garments Marked20% ExtraUponChargeRequest,for 15c;SizesforoverCotton4$ Silk, 25c

Ogden's Indian wife, which had esDo not fail to specify New or Old Style and if for Man or Woman, also state if long caped, with her baby hanging to or short sleeve,Heightshortandor Weight.long legsSamplesare wanted.Sent UponGive Request.accurate Bust Measurement,

the saddle.

beelapsed minutes "Not many SALT KNITTING LAKE STORE 70 So. Main St., Saltfore KNITTING Lake City, Utah—OLDEST her the mother, following STORE IN UTAH

child and horse, entered the camp, 498 The Improvement Era for June, 1931

passing right through it and catchvanished in a cloud of dust raised ing the now halting steed by the by the Indians."

NOBODY CAN bridle.spied oneAtofthehersamecompany'smomentpackshe BridgerHere, wasindeed,at once waslookedtrouble!to for

STOP LOSS. horseshad alsoloadedrun withinto beaver,the enemy'swhich advice.the IndiansThewerefewaltogetherhorses leftinadeby

EVERYBODY camp.gun to exultThe overmen thehadcircumstance,already bequatement offor themovinglarge theoutfit,camplet equipalone

considering this chance load of carrying it h e m triumphantly CAN AVOID beaver (some $400) as theirs by through the dangerous hunting laws of war. But not so the Ingrounds of the Blackfeet. Since IT THROUGH dian woman. Mounting her own the recapturing of horses was to

INSURANCE horsehorse, byshe thefearlesslyhalter seizedand ledtheitpackout wishedprove thenonemetalbut stoutheartedof the men, volJim of camp with its costly burden. unteers. Accordingly, at his call,

a rallied a few more than there here you come When their mountaineers, grim hundred get A T this undaunted action some for insurance you rifles ready it, coupled with at- ** of the baser sort of men cried powder horns and long tentive, experienced out, 'shoot her, shoot her,'but a for the horse thieves.

opposing interfered majority with is service. an This hardnights, three days and "C OR let 'let alone; cries her her go! of the of agency Utah * these eat, rest or to ly pausing

I in glory a she's brave woman; Insurance Fire Home the hot kept avengers upon robust like admiring other pluck;'her and Co. of the trail. evening fleeing On clamor the expressions. While proceeded, they as third day the had wife the of continued, Ogden alscouts, vigilant wary and the and her with galloped baby away of in advance so or mile FIRE a ways UTAH HOME are informed horse."her pack We into hurrying body, came the main trappers that the Mountain Rocky CO. INSURANCE just over that announcing camp, "leaving finally Ogden withdrew, culprits were ridge, the yonder J. CO. 8 HEBER GRANT Bridgforted sanctuary."in their pickno with camping, peacefully the over then went General ets Agents men mountaineers duty. ets The on ten eight or Pass""North Ogden Salt City, forward, stealthily Lake Utah moved now city, thence of miles north Ogden horses the secure by to planning the Green east to River and Bear possible, downright if but trickery Sandy, Basin, the Big up River be. if needs warfare Pass, northward over South down a be conflict might the That their rendezvous to the Powder as for knew, one, Bridger sharp the leaving Since 183031. of under his men with he paused the territory in River Powder belt of a and darkness of cover traveled they of had spring 1830, braves sixty counted he timber,

circle, than covering more in a prothe campfires within the is inabout It miles. twelve hundred

fort corral or a of smal tection altercathe that note teresting to for held were horses the where Bridger's and tion Ogden between Alsafety. Quoting from pregreater years seventeen men occurred stationed his men ter, "Bridger of Brigham to the coming vious unsusthe of firing range within Valley Salt to the Lake Young Antoine Gowhile Crows, also scouts. his was pecting This with stealthily Newell Robert din and S. Jedediah Smith that the year

sold his trapping interests and left advanced, under the very poles Getting enclosure. the in as related our forming for St. for Louis Salt in Lake opened they quickly, bearings their WHEN article. third I. Confer- A. the M. stock the stampeded fence the and (the in March, 1831, "Early office your of ence, our make two mounted having outward, was that County Jackson year maneuvering. better for horses the Headquarters. Smith) FitzJoseph dedicated by Bridger and irritant, counter a As Sublette,"we Bridger and sizes "Caterpatrick, of See various fire the on opened comrades his their "assembled Alter, are told by display. tractors pillar"on seven, according killing Indians, accoutrappers and hundred two the later by the report to made the for set forth again trements and their toward Fleeing Crows. atcountry, irresistible Blackfoot

secured mounts trappers the horses Tractor Landes & trappers free a of horde tended by backhorses loose the drove and halfbreeds. and a Indians few and Co. told are Equipment trail."the over ward We the in day, third the Unluckily, on overnigh "were trappers that the St. So. Temple 23 6 West of trappers'the band evening, but hunger, fatigue and with come bottomland, the grazing City, horses on Salt Utah Lake sense their of sustained by were spied young some Crow by was

warriors, into whose vicinity the success."

trappers had set themselves down A GAIN the men moved westunawares. Three hundred thus ** ward, trapping all streams as

The Improvement Era for June, 1931 499

they went, passed the Bighorn River, Bighorn themountains, the Snake Lake, to- $125.00—$250.00 NEW WALL PAPERSJackson down

thence up Bear Pocatello,ward Green River, over to andRiver the PER MONTH ClosingArrivingOut SomeDailyPatternsappointed place for the RendezIN ELECTRICITY As Low As vous of 1831. Fitzpatrick, howAND Roll 3c Per left Lake the Saltever, had who GuaranGallon PAINT—Every as TELEGRAPHY furs Ogden's withRendezvous Quart. Gallon. 70c teed—$2.40 his company, Positions of Guaranteed thosewell as own Pint. 40c

did not return at the usual time Phone, Write or Call Complete Line of Draperies.

the supplies, and as thewith days American Telegraph Complete andLine Varnishes.of Glidden's Paints Bridger, into 'weeks,lengthened

knowing that to stay in the mounCollege PICTURE FRAMING full year anothertains through supplies was impossible,without Salt Lake City ArmstrongEngberg19 West First So.—WasatchWall Paper 5281Co.

sent a group of his most trusted men in search of the missing train.

At last after many days riding down the "Oregon Trail,"the later "Mormon"route, a cloud of dust in the distance announced

Fitzpatrick's coming; but his animals were so jaded that courierswere dispatched into the Rockies, Look Ahead

bringing the great body of trappers and Indians through the

South Pass, down the Sweetwater and to the headwaters of thePowder where the "fire water and To CollegeCd other necessary supplies"were given out. Fitzpatrick in explainCHURCH UNIVERSITY offers you

cause of the toing the men his YOURexcellent facilities for training in the vocational at Indesaid while thatdelay, pendence, Missouri, their old comfield of your choice. Through its FIVE COLJedediah partner, andpanion S. LEGES of Applied Science, Arts and Sciences, (Fitzpatinduced himSmith had

isrick) to take the southwestern Commerce, Education, and Fine Arts, work trail to Santa Fe, which he did, given in 33 departments of instruction, including

Trail Fe Santa the on wasand the killed CoReligious Education. by Jed waswhen

trailed then Fitzpatrickmanches.

state of Among the additional advantages of attending through thenorthwest

Colorado to the Platte, having BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY are these:

journeyed many hundreds of miles farther than the regular "Oregon 1. The cost is less.

Trail."The third article of this

series gives an account of the death 2. Student life centers about the University

of Smith. campus itself.

3. Unusual extracurricular activities in music,

You dramatic art, debating, oratory, writing, and athletics.

yourself. to educate have

to do have your own 4. The unparalleled recreational opportunitiesYOU You

thinking. of Utah valley.

You have to live with your own conscience. 5. Unsurpassed conditions for intensive study.

You must abide by the consequences acts. of your own

take your own steps. You Can Get What You Want at the "Y"must You

You have to solve your own probWrite for Catalog lems.

Your character is your own handiwork. You must govern your own tongue. Brigham Young University

uments—orYou have digto builda pit yourfor yourself.own monPROVO, UTAH Which are you doing? From M

Men's Publication, Calif. Mission.

500 The Improvement Era for June, 1931

Foods for Health Planning, Meals EXTRA [Continued from page 475]

Meats contain practically fruits no consider best food.""man's VALUE but in proteins. are high direct sun They are foods and at no vitamines

extra They should be served in moderagive us minerals, bulk and many cost tion and always in combination of the vitamines. For a long time

with plenty of leafy vegetables. fruits were avoided by people with

an acid condition, but it is now

Clover LeafHarris Milk, Balanced Diet known that the acid of fruits is alone, cornea in disthe quickly converted the into body by is stress a put now on UCH tinctive, convenient alkali fruits that help rather and balanced diet, bottle. this Creamtop but doesn't M cases acidosis. of than harm that each mean shall You meal can baland easily be

all fruits Fresh be had may now quickly off the pour anced. is it While important that

the year apples, if round cream, bananas you wish, withhave you an adequate of amount out pouring rest the out citrus the this and proper fruits—but food elements each within of the milk. this And berries early the and month sumwill cream it hours, whip! isn't 24 so important fruits are at their mer prime and Clover LeafHarris eat Milk at what you a single meal. eaten daily be should while they costs you no than more prefer Some to their entire make

ordinary last. milk. are There they ways many breakfast fruit. is of all This delicious desserts. can be into made Wasatch 2177 right, providing at dinlunch and

ner enough of other indispensable Fruited Cake foods are eaten to maintain sound Sponge loaf cake health. Many women in order to 1 cup whipping cream

CloVerLeafHarriseaf- reducefoods, avoidbut itallshouldstarchesbeandrememfatty 21 V2cupstablespoonsripe berriesgelatine

ILK bered that weightreducing meth22 tablespoonstablespoonjs sugarboiling water ods are often healthreducing Dissolve gelatine in hot water and put

pieces, they into should be cut smal but cults age of fads, is an This andPUTTING methods. aside to cool. If strawberries are used ZEST NEW raspberries can be used whole. Whip radical and in changes new and

berries, the cream, the then add sugar the IN LIVING diet until should be adopted not slice gelatine. the off a and the Cut top tooModern hangs anchors health. many on tested they have of apthe been cake sponge and remove enough and the drag.You can dietfeel live, but thrill the You

is lacking. the insides of leave to a wall an about proved. the Let us keep in mind

health,Vibrant radiant energy depend thick. inch upon that the cake some of Cut experience of the student exinternal behavior. who nothing maintains this And bits into has small (about been removedinner cleanliness so perfectly as diet. proper all perimented the with fads new full) the to of 1 cup mixture add and start afresh,To to to work back health, use and finally thin, berries reportcenter Fill cream. the and the worn and of ItLactoDextrin. maintains inner cleanliness

by driving out the putrefactive germs. slice this cake mixture, with the top put ed that although he had tried them

LactoDextrin other and Battle Creek Saniice in place cake about and 45 box all, he had for on substitute found notarium Health Foods can be obtained at the slices at table, cutting Serve minutes. the

food. a'as 1 brick the of end from you would ice cream. Z. Sliced peaches, pineor and L M. Sweets C

apple a place of make good FREE DIET filling—inapricots ADVICE

berries. the too, added. children Nuts, be adults and may many "\AOST BattleAt Creek staff maintain we dieti- a of

*tians filling to fingers this advise be with Lady used you on diet any may problem. Check consider dessert the part bestyour particular diet problem the on coupon in place the the cake. of Line sponge

below of meal. the mail and to one Ida a Every needs Jean Kain, chief our sides a the dish bottom of with anddietitian. will She send you suggestions for certain of the amount natural filling fingers, theyour lady center individual in diet, put without charge. Naturally, no diagnosis of any disease will sweets, ice in until be stand and thoroughly but box a of us most haveattempted. Consult your physician for that. chilled. jaded appetite"Healthful this in regard. Living,"a helpful most book writHow-

ten by a leading nutrition expert will also be ever, a is "favorite dessert"when free. Strawberrysent Sandwich Cake offer This to assist is you fide bona

withoutand obligation. advice The to served be be at first may dinner, thefollowed with utmost confidence whether you loaf cake Spongeuse the the in foods part light, this of be meal should System not. or

strawberries 1 box a generous allowing portion of sugar cup powdered the Vz MAIL COUPON TODAY to 1 "goodie"be eaten. meat cup cream whipping A Ida Jean Kain

1 tablespoon honey Z.C.M.I.-l soup a green salad vegetable with THE BATTLE CO., CREEK FOOD

Battle Creek, Mich. followed by "Fruited Cake"or Mash berries with silver fork and add to avail I want myself of your Free Diet

Service. diet "Strawberry problem sugar. Cake Sandwich"My is checked the powdered below. cake sponge Cut

Also send copy of "Healthful Living."into slices, horizontal long 4 and spread a very satisfying dinner. makes DOverweight QUnderweight DConstipation

slice each the berry with sugar and mixStomach DSour (Check diet your problem) ture. slices pile one Then another on Name Fruits it if as a layer cake. were cream Whip

Address the and add tablespoon of honey, which the desserts best

City flavors sweetens and the cream, then cover authorities food entire the cake, sides, top and the with State "CRUITS*—in factmakesome

The Improvement Era for June, 1931 501

cream and stand in ice box 20 minutes before serving.

Snowball Pudding With Strawberry Sauce

1/3 cup shortening 1 cup sugar Ys cup water cups2% cake flour Fruit Jars and Caps whites4 egg teaspoon salt% MADE IX FOUR STYLES vanilla 1 teaspoon 3 teaspoons baking powder NATIONAL DISTRIBUTION THROUGH

RETAIL STORES Cream the shortening and sugar together, then add flour, alternately with ADAPTED TO ALL METHODS OP CANNING the water, a little at a time, and beat after each addition until smooth. Add flavoring and baking powder and fold in the

well beaten whites. Put mixture into

well buttered cups or moulds and steam 35 minutes. (If butter is used as shortening do not add salt.) When done turn KERR JARS are made of Crystal Glass and are

out and serve hot with strawberry or equipped with Gold Enameled CAPS which are raspberry sauce. atosolute/y impervious to all food acids.

Sauce Send for andFREECanningBOOKLETSQuestionson HEALTH 1 rounding tablespoon of butter tablesoons of rounding 2 sugar—cream of mashed KERR GLASS MANUFACTURING CORP. cup together well and add 1

Sand Spring, Oklahoma berries. Los Angeles, California Portland, Oregon

mil iMiiimpyiimiwiBM-w. Raspberry Fluff——Mii

14 cups crushed raspberries 1 cup powdered sugar 1 egg white For Superior Milk and its Manufactured Products

Ladyfingers Put egg white on platter and beat Use with wire whisk, slowly jadd the sugar, then the /crushed raspberries, and beat all together until stiff. Line a fruit dish with

fill sides, the and ladyfingers, | bottom and 0'MAID GLOVER ice box in Stand mixture. center with Butter, Eggs, Cheese, Milk, Cream, Cottage Cheese, puff j serve of with minutes and for 45

whipped cream on top. j Buttermilk

Loganberry Sauce QUALITY FIRST

Cook Wi cups of loganberries with a tablewater, 2 small of amount Add CO. MUTUAL CREAMERY

1 tablespoon of butter. spoons Mix of Ii General Office, Salt Lake City stir 1 sugar and cornstarch of cup with

slowly into the loganberries and butter..i-tmmummmiitmmtt?

Boil for 5 minutes, stirring constantly.

This sauce is delicious served with cottage pudding or custards.

Strawberry Preserves

Select only ripe, firm berries, discarding them. spots that have green any on

not wash. end, but blossom do move ReInvest in home prosperity

If any seem gritty wipe with cloth. To

one heaping ibowl of berries use one level bowl of sugar. Place berries in

an fenamel pooking vessel, pour sugar over them, cover and let stand 40 minutes. Then place over very slow heat

until the sugar melts; remove lid and boil fast from 15 to 18 iminutes. Do USE

not stir with spoon at any time, but shake the cooking vessel several times when the sugar is melting and while the mixture is boiling. When done, remove from

fire and let stand until it begins to cool before pouring into jelly glasses. The

berries should remain whole and the juice BEET SUGAR as jelly. be almost as firm

Conserve

2 cups cherries (stoned) 1 cup raspberries 1 cup gooseberries 502 The Improvement Era for June, 1931

5 cups of sugar 1 cup red currants Put the fruit in an enamel cooking vessel and add sugar. and let Cover Shop at Sears and Save stand 1 hour. same direction Follow

given for strawberry preserves.

Note: Preserves, jams and jellies should

be used sparingly. The natural sweets,

Where you will find quality mermuchhoney, bettermolassesfor childrenand brownthan sugarthe richare chandise at a saving price. mixtures of fruit juices and refined sugar.

Gulls Sea Our great buying power is within

Pierce Crawford v - By Vesta

there are the ocean deep by it. GULLS your reach—use

like the cold gray waves, With wings

And gulls there are on the craggy shore

That sail past the windhewn caves.

But high on the rocks of an inland sea

Dwells a snowwhite gull with a clarion cry; the over of And a furrowed maze land Sears Roebuck & Co. circles a that path He is far and

Broadway and State Yet ever the stretch of his pinons high.wide

On the painted dawn of the day

fH H—||tl—(!—'H I II It i H I I) U II II II H i U II II U II II II II—Is Noa challengespan of deepthe yearsfrom canthatsweepheritageaway!

Save The Era Your In Rvery Home M Money [Continued from page 493\

Why waste $60.00 on this earthly printed mouthpiece

Certificate when Joseph and spokesman for and of His

Taylor can Wm. furchildren is being maintained,

funeral complete nish a little for a than more reason, a mighty good HT HAT'S

Certificate costs. a

I think, for giving the Era Service, quality and prices not equaled by a place amongst the foremost ranks anyone. Mortician literature. in worthwhile Taylor andThe ExpertLeading Embalmer Joseph Wm.

Street both office is all 125 Phone North Main nearly of "Get wisdom, which andII II residenceII II II Was.II—11 7600!!*

all getting, in stored with thy books, and get understanding. Don't let what you

read pass through one eye and out of the other eye. Digest your reading, the essence of which will bring enlightenment GREAT INTRODUCTORY OFFER to your mind and soul. It is the elixir of human life and civilization—

on the Sensational New Thus said John Cotton Dana.

How well, how eloquently said.

De Luxe Grand There is genius in those words;

Prize to and if respond we properly EUREKAHPMJI VACUUM CLEANER their inspiration, particularly when

WITH "FULLFLOATING"BRUSH, reading the scriptures as well as

BEAUTIFUL RED LEATHERETTE BAG, such a magazine as the ImproveAND 14 OTHER MAJOR IMPROVEMENTS ment Era, increasing knowledge,

The De Luxe, with 1 6 major improvements, is presented intelligence and wisdom are bound as the finest, most beautiful, and efficient electric cleaner ever to burst forth and bear fruit mysteries, of heaven both and built—at a price lower than you would expect for such realities! become earth, WILL quality.

all show our appreciation Easy Terms—Small Carrying Charge Let us

of the meritoriousness of the Era,

Utah Power & Light or any of its stores by putting our shoulders to the wheel in boosting the circulatory it EUREKA VACUUM GLEANER CO. notgrowthbe a trulyof theworthwhileEra; for wouldachieve177 E. Broadway Was. 4764 Salt Lake City, Utah ment to have—-"

"The Era in Every Home?"

The Improvement Era for June, 1931 503

led those men forward in single file in a circle in front of the fire, A Real Hero so that only half of them could [Continued from page 466] be seen at the time. Round and

which in many cases was almost unless we could outwit our enemy. round in that circle we marched

lacking. As is the situation in all Somehow I had no desire again with a spirit of defiance and sefrontier settlements, life at best to be an offering at the altar of curity which could not have been

is hard; at best it is a struggle with the cruel Indians. We set fire to equaled had we had plenty of men

the elements and with forces three quick burning trees while a to fall back on. Unceasingly men

hitherto not reckoned with. Added plan was in the making. We had came out of the darkness into the

darkness. This is Indian style ofto this was the constant fear of one advantage over the Redmen—

the Indians and their cruel treachthere were only two sides for atmarching, and the Redman had ery. Just one false move might tack, as the mountains shut us off not detected the deception. The

cost us our lives or those of our on the others. Just as the final warriors each had a gun, and there

loved ones. We must be on the signal flashed, and the Indians seemed to be a neverending stream

constant lookout at all times, and were slowly coming upon us, I of them coming out of the forest.

for many years never were we safe outside the confines of the fort.

We had to plan all our affairs, keeping in mind the probable disapproval of the Redman and his certain revenge. Since the Indian

War of 1853, when the agreeable 9W"arrangements with Chief Walker had been made the main source of trouble had been removed, but TOir'"!

frequently the transients from the jJuEMUiSiMil I.,., it rjTM

States would pick quarrels with the Indians, and just as sure as fate, in the next day or so, the

Redman would be around to have his revenge, not on these people,.flftiM%%.: *

but upon those who were the permanent settlers of the community.

"On one occasion I was sent to find feeding places in the mounBeautifultains for our cattle. An Indian SALTAIR

guide whom I foolishly trusted, (2ho$ en 7kain for told me that there were no Redmen in the canyon at all, and that the stock could feed right out in the open in perfect safety. We /. A. Outingmade camp, placed the cattle at our M.

back on the nice grassy spot and lay down to sleep, in absolute peace of mind. It must have beenabout twelve o'clock when I Friday, June 12

could very suddenly, andawoke A day that thousands look forward to—the flat. the at all onsee no animals great annual June excursion of ConferenceThere was only one thing to do,

that was to find them, but it was visitors and their friends. Join them in this

only after an hour's chase and picturesque beach celebration, at Utah's Inhunt that we had them safely grouped together. As I lay down comparable Pleasure Resort!

to sleep again, what was my horror to see a flashing red light illuminate the whole valley—an Indian signal. It meant prepare

everything for an attack. In a

moment a whole Indian tribe would come creeping upon a group of eighteen men.

Electric Trains Every Half Hour

I AROUSED my companions and told them of our: Two Fine Motor Ways

danger and its certain consequences

504 The Improvement Era for June, 1931

Round and round we marched but still there was no attack. Then

Index to Advertisers forwardthe chief andof themotionedIndiansto steppedme to come to him. He begged me not

Company Page Company Page to fight the Redman, but let them

American School -.491 North American Institute 495 go, and in return for this favor

promised not to molest our cattle.

American Telegraph College-.499 Old Mill Tavern, Inc 489 I finally agreed, and as he left he

ArmstrongEnberg Wall Paper Pacific National Life Ins. Co 44 muttered, 'Too much white -man,

Co..499 Quish School of Beauty Culture 492 Indian no fight.'The ruse had

eighteen stalwart worked, and our

Battle Co. Creek Food Regal Cleaning & Dyeing Co 496 the played had whole men who I.) (Z. 500 C. M.

Saltair Beach Company 503 army of the Republic now deBeneficial Life Insurance Co mobilized without command, and

Back Cove r Salt Lake Cabinet 8 Fixture Co—489 hastened down the mountain sides

Bennett Glass 8 Paint Co 490 Salt Lake Costume Co 497 and back to safety."

Brigham Young University 499 Salt Lake Knitting Co 497

CloverleafHarris Dairy 500 Sears Roebuck J Company 502 old friend sighs, My look in those tender grey Continental Oil Company 496 Sego Milk Company 488 a far away

Deseret News Press 495 Southern Pacific Co. 504 eyes. The sun has set, and going

Eureka Vacuum Cleaner Co 502 Taylor, Joseph Wm 502 beyond the horizon, has taken all its glory with it, and leaves his

Granite Furniture Company 490 Troy Laundry Company 492 hair a snowy white. The rows

Henager's Business College 489 United Electric Co 494 of wrinkles, with the shadows of

Hilson's Women's ReadyTo- Utah Beet Sugar 501 evening upon them seem to be cut

Wear 488 Utah Gas & Coke Co. Jnside Front cruelly deep. His back has drooped,

and his hand at the beating of the

Jensen's Jewelers 497 Utah High School of Beauty Cul pulse quivers, as if conscious of

Kerr Glass 8 Mfg. Company 501 tu re 4 8 8 the few remaining moments to be

Ketterer 8 Perschon Co 491 Utah Home Fire Ins. Co 498 spent with life and love. Already

the thrall of a fairer home has

Kewanee Boiler Corporation 491 Utah Oil Refining Corp. -Inside Back partly received him for its own.

Landes Tractor &> Equipment Co. -49 Utah Power 8 Light Co 493 The cooling breezes of night kiss

the leaves dancing to and fro, and

Mutual Creamery Co 501 Wellington Auto Top Co 497 seem to cut the skin of the dear old man in their attempt to draw the shades of night closer together.

SOUTHERN PACIFIC LINES Offer here."It'sSomehowgetting ratherI seem chillyto feel outthe

cold so much more now than I did

his a shawl around We wrapISSSi VAGATION FARES shouldersway back in the sixties."help in to the and him

From Salt Lake City or Ogden home of his loved ones.

TO LOS ANGELES AND RETURN BOTH WAYS VIA SAN -*c*FRANCISCO $40.00

VIA LOS ANGELES SAN FRANCISCO RETURNINGTO sound never found more HAVE REVERSEDDIRECT OR ROUTE 1 $47.50 [ habits personal and wholsome

Proportionately low fares from all other points in UTAH, IDAHO and MONTANA than among the Mormons. I have

STOPOVERS ALLOWED AT ALL POINTS never mingled with people who

TICKETS ON SALE DAILY COMMENCING MAY 15 th showed fewer signs of dissipation.

FINAL RETURN LIMIT OCTOBER 31st I have never studied groups of peoFor further information fill in Coupon below ple who seemed better nourished and more healthful. I have never

known people who took more pains to educate their children.

This gives a clue to the success of the Mormons as colonizers and nationbuilders.—Dr. Thomas Nixon Carver.

choicest gifts await you in higher speed, and greater power. You'll findNATURE'S

the mountains, along swiftrunning that Pep 88 delivers more miles per gallon.

streams, on the highways that lead to Its companion product, Vico motor oil, distant horizons! Make the most of your brings lubrication advantages obtainable in

opportunities to enjoy life in the open this no other oil on the market. Vico stands up

summer and every summer. better under heat—- stays fresh and clean

We believe you will get more pleasure per longer-—flows more freely when cold—and

mile, more enjoyment per hour, when you use is 99.94% carbonfree. It exceeds the rigid

Pep 88 gasoline and Vico motor oil in your specifications of the Society of Automotive car. These popular products are specially Engineers. That's why Vico is sold with a defimade to meet the climatic nite moneyback guarantee.

and atmospheric conditions Pep 88 and Vico, sold of these highland altitudes. throughout the intermountain

Pep 88 gasoline is made region, are made by the Utah with an extra process, called Oil Refining Company, Salt refractionation, which results Lake City. Look for Pep 88

fill upin a better balanced motor and Vico signs—and

fuel. You get quickerstart- before you start on any

ing, more responsive pickup, motor trip.

Look for this Sign Reproduced By Y/3"Special Permission of:": Physical Culture Magazine

A McFadden Publication. Dym

LOVE plays such an important part in the great drama of life. It's the

dynamo that electrifies our whole being, instilling in us the desire to struggle on each day seeking the joyousness of this exquisite contentment.

Without love, life is dull, empty, sordid, meaningless. It is the first step in the process that immortalizes human lives. Whatever is promised us by theologians, it is only through

love that human life becomes immortal, living on indefinitely, generation after generation, through this majestic lure.

Without love there is no place for life insurance—A Beneficial Policy is a bond of affection.

Typifying most perfectly the desire to protect those we lovet providing the comforts we wish them to enjoy, guarding them against the struggle for livelihood.

BENEFICIAL LIFE INSURANCE CO

HOME OFFICE SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Heber J. Grant, President E. T. Ralphs, Gen. Mgr.