M 71*ri% SsMM

The IMPROVEMENT July, 1952.. A lew Significant lame

Effective July 1st, the name of this bank will be changed to

of Salt Lake City

The new name does not in any way change the ownership, management, or policies of the bank, but it does carry with it a promise that we will strive to live up to everything that is implied in the new title, "First National Bank."

Through more than sixtythree years of beneficial service to a host of personal and corporate customers in Salt Lake City and the

West, this bank has become Utah's largest independent bank doing business in one location. We solicit your continued confidence and

patronage.

OlD CLOCK CORNfR S#Af <* k l

I

JSgivinr!3

Officers David O. McKay - - - - President

Orval W. Adams Executive Vice Pres.

Stephen L Richards - Vice President

J, Reuben Clark, Jr Vice President - Lane Adams Vice President W.

- - President * Vice R. S. Hayes

Alvin C. Strong - Asst. Vice President

A. J. Schoenhals - Vice Pres. & Cashier

Jos. E. Boud *.* m

W. Jarrold Bowring - -- Asst.Asst. CashierCashier II.

David Cooke - Auditor

FORMERLY

tffMDfl FIRST NATIONAL BANK MAIN AT FIRST SOUTH SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Member Federal Reserve System Member Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation

Total Assets: #98,464,5 06.25—March 31, 1952

Gr1 Treat your family to 3 a!>>

If57xBy DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

cflnoy TOPPED COOKIES

HP he Library of Congress in Washing- * ton D. C, receives currently about

40,000 technical journals which print about 2,900,000 articles on science and technology a year.

"np'HE English language is changing *- rapidly and becoming simple according to studies of Professor Joshua

Whatmough. At 1000 A. D. there were

about 330 "strong"verbs, for example, sing, sang, sung, but now there are only about 95, and if the present trend continues, by about 2800 A. D. verbs

will all be "weak"and regular, so that we shall conjugate them sing, singed, singed.

HPhe average evaporation of all oceans * each year is equivalent to a layer of water about a yard deep over the entire ocean area. There is over five

times as much total evaporation from the oceans, 334,000 cubic kilometers each year, as there is from land, and only 11 percent of the sea evaporation comes from runoff from the land, but 62 percent of the rainfall on the land (99,000 cubic kilometers) comes from water evaporated from the land, the rest from sea evaporation. For comparison the capacity of Lake Mead

above Hoover Dam holds 45 cubic kilometers.

Tnteresting recent experiments with cookies or more in the spraying of sugar solutions on leaves it aids have found the growth every box... cost

of vegetables and tomato transplanting.

A 10 percent sugar in water solution lit 10y a dozen!spray applied to tomato plants before only ab

transplanting cuts down plant loss and faster recovery occurs. Growing tomato

plants when placed in darkness beCrunchy, cinnamonflavored Snookies are loaded cause of their running out of sugar stop growing in 3040 hours. If the plants with rich creamery butter and fresh eggs. And they're

have their leaves immersed in a 10 percent sugar solution for a few mingenerously sprinkled with gailycolored cinnamon utes they will keep on growing for candies—red, yellow, green, white, purple.about a week, in even complete darkness. Other experiments have shown

that lighting young cucumber plants with mercury vapor lamps for two months, then applying sugar twice a PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY threeweek for weeks, produced a fine harvest of cucumbers. Salt Lake Pocafello Phoenix

JULY 1952 489 IT'S NEW INTERNAL REVENUE

HThe sixteenth amendment to the ConBy DR. G. HOMER DURHAM

stitution of the United States was Head of Political Science Department, promulgated February 25, 1913. Its University of Utah

language is simple: "The Congress shall

have power to lay and collect taxes on incomes, from whatever source derived, without apportionment among the sevsharp economic motives, the Bureau of eral states, and without regard to any Internal Revenue, on the whole, does census or enumeration."(Ital. author's.) a pretty good job and contains some

Its effect today is seen to have been excellent people.

almost revolutionary. Every individual,

phone? time on the waste Do you

conveniently appointments? infant or adult, male or female, earning you make Can

Is time at your fingertips? a gross income of six hundred dollars Occasionally I receive letters from

Don't miss that important engageor more is required to file a return with one agent, stationed in an important ment because you are tied up on the the Bureau of Internal Revenue, United city of the United States, a devoted phone and time gets away from you. States Treasury Department. By means reader of these columns and an upof the income tax, on both individuals standing member of the Church of Jesus

IHE F0N0CR0N mentand corporations,of the UnitedtheStatesnationalhas governbecome Christdent thatof Latterdaythese loyalSaints.public Itservants,is eviWill solve these problems. the single biggest factor in the national in the course of duty, get a view of the

It's a 17jewel, swiss movement, shockeconomy, in state and local government tax returns of the American people perproof watch which can be attached to from in politics and economics mitted to only and at home, a few—everything phone. any

the short forms of newsin western Europe and * FOR THE HOME to the boys "1040s"with other areas. many * FOR BUSINESS

of worksheets appended things are Wonderful * AS A GIFT

Buy it Manual Operation....$24.95 accomplished and mathe wealthier citizen.

Apply it. Automatic Wind $34.95 nipulated under the ecoFollowing, for human

SAVE TIME. nomic weight of the interest, are a couple of

G-E-M MANUFACTURING CO. income tax. The scancases (disguised and

250 South West 6700 so as to conre- modified dals of 1951 merely

Bountiful, Utah form to the law which old truth that veal the flies follow honey. The prohibits him from rebiggest stakes in many vealing data) that may

enterprises today are found in deduchelp all of us appreciate some of the tions: "business expenses,""expenses human angles, as well as the economic,

away from home,""losses from bad involved in the income tax.

debt,"and other "opportunities"preInto a collector's office around one sented by law. Some have found it March 15 came a form 1040A, made up

profitable, doubly profitable, to make and sent in by a young woman, ob- "loans"for political campaigns. Such viously the sweetheart of the taxpayer,

friends and but the form contained no signatureM0& loans open doors in making influencing people. When the loans required by law. It was returned to

are not repaid, a deduction for "bad the addressee for completion. Months

then taken, which may been debts"has identical day, the passed. one Then

to tax the income "lender's"the tax- a. reduce up, complete form turned with

"profitable."it has been that extent payer's signature. faded and It was from Announcements

the most represent ileeting angles pulpit are often seen opporcreased; the inside the Tax had evidently

easily Let forgotten. and in tune means to conserve income for of pants'pockets for some time in some there question be no

services, of ycur schedule ward as to

Install special outings. events and an many persons with talent and "enterunusual circumstances; in fact, it looked

attractive bulletin board from Salt Lake prise."as if it had been in rainstorms. The

Stamp, announcements and your clear. unmistakably For that wardwillgift,be The phenomena reflect the role that form, as it came to the collector's desk,

what could BULLETIN BOARDbe morefrom practicalSalt Lake thanStamp.a big government, eclipsing its historic was clipped to an "Air Mail"envelope

Write and prices.for catalog sheet showing models predecessors (big business, big agriwhich in turn was clipped to another

BULLETIN BOARDS culture,life. It andis alsobig labor),well to playsrememberin modernthat theone, wordsbearing"Korea."in the Thiscancellationlatter envespot

from this expanded role is not due alone to lope was stained with yellow from the federal aid to states, social security, 1040A. A note, too, was attached in

of sweetthe the feminine regulation. hand young tariffs, subsidies, and farm Stamp LakerSalt'collector: heart. "Please, the Addressing that congiant is COMPANY the insatiable

Third 42</2 West South War for of hard think too won't creates him the you taxable and wealth sumes Salt City, Lake Utah necessity for rising taxes. As Senator the delay, will you? You see he was

sheet catalog showing Please send and in the hospital for of Illinois has wisely wounded Douglas Paul H.

prices. Bulletin models and Board

awhile."rather world, "It is the warfare said,

Name than the welfare state, that explains

Address Ward much of our heavy tax burden."Another mail brought a return from

City State Meantime it may be well to know that a person we shall call George Bones;

under the heavy pressure of people with wife, Sarah Bones, children, Henry 490 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Bones, William Bones, Samuel Bones, m

Fred Bones, Herman Bones (7 exemptions). Total wages reported, $676.49.

($76.49 over the minimum, therefore a IN BOOK FORMreport required). No withholding tax NOW

or form. The wife did not sign the...THOSE RICHLY INSPIRED ARTICLES OF THEreturn (possibly at the "hospital"—expecting?). Occupation of George Bones: IMPROVEMENT ERA THAT PROVIDE A NEW

Catskinner. various. Employers INSIGHT INTO THE BOOK OF MORMON correspondent: Wrote my "My first

thought was a quotation from Ezekiel:

'And he said unto me, Son of man, can these hones live?'

A man and his wife and five little children: $676.49.

"Son of man, can these bones live?"

Not as most of the readers of this column live, but probably in nearprincely style compared with hordes of povertystricken Asiatics, now stirring.

I have suggested to my friend in the bureau that upon retirement he should consider writing the Great American

Novel, as reflected in the income tax returns of these times. And against a

world backdrop, even George Bones would be seen living in a hemisphere in "a land which is choice above all the lands of the earth."(Ether 1:42.)

SCOUTING BUILDS

SPIRITUALLY

by D. L. Roberts HUGH NIBLEY

MEMBER Y.M.M.I.A. GENERAL BOARD

DIRECTOR MORMON RELATIONSHIPS BSA

It's the Book Thousands have asked lor

Scouting, which has been a part of the program of the Church for...the Book Thousands have wanted!

our boys, through the Young Men's Mutual Improvement AssociaNOW available in book form... two of the most interesting

tion for thirtynine years, has proseries ever to run in The Improvement Era. It is with pride

jected a great three year program. that we offer this brilliant reconstruction of an era in history

The program was inaugurated Janunever before explored. With vivid characterizations, Dr. Nibley

ary 1, 1952 and continues until provides a priceless account of the lives of the peoples before their Asiatic lands journey westward the to from America. 1954. a slogan, It has 31,December

is really a witness Here the to powerful truth the of of Book

Liberty's"Forward on Team,"is and precious to leaders faith. the latterday of and Mormon

its purpose is to help strengthen It has already been selected as one of the three proposed texts

America through a plan of giving to for the M.I.A. Special Interest Class for the coming year.

the boys of America the very best possible scouting program.

Among the things emphasized in PATRONIZE YOUR LOCAL 25the three year program, are the folBOOK DEALER lowing items: $2

THE BOY Forward in personal fitness Forward in skills for living Forward in the faith of his fathers

OUR MOVEMENT Forward in its community foundations its in Forward adventuresome program Bootfeofl1186 M/V1IM SOUTH in its Forward leadership devoted Salt Lake City4,utah {Concluded on page 494) wmm0 JULY 1952 491 Kjfficial Lsraan of THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, IMPROVEMENT MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD

TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF

Jke Lkufck of

/jeiwi Lkridt

or oLatterdau Jainti

Editors: DAVID 0. McKAY - JOHN A. WIDTSOE - RICHARD L. EVANS

Managing Editor: DOYLE L. GREEN

Associate Managing Editor: MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

Manuscript Editor: ELIZABETH J. MOFFITT - Research Editor: ALBERT L.

ZOBELL, Editors: Contributing JR. -ARCHIBALD"Today's Family"F. BENNETTEditor: -BURLG. HOMERSHEPHERDDURHAM Jke C-cover

FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR. - HUGH NIBLEY - LEE A. PALMER

CLAUDE General Manager: ELBERT R.B. CURTISPETERSEN- -AssociateSIDNEY Manager:B. SPERRYBERTHA S. REEDER The cover this month is reproduced in

Business Manager: JOHN D. GILES - Advertising Director: VERL F. SCOTT full color from an original oil painting by

Subscription Director: A. GLEN SNARR Arnold Friberg drawn especially for The

Improvement Era.

The artist's assignment was twofold:

(1) to show the M.I.A. family, and (2)

to illustrate the theme for 195253, "Be

The Editor's Page thouin conversation,an example ofin thecharity,believers,in spirit,in word,in faith, in purity."(1 Timothy 4:12.)

"Choose You"President David O. McKay 501

Church Features

EDITORIAL AND BUSINESS OFFICES

Evidences and Reconciliations—Is War Ever Justified? 50 North Main Street

- John A, Widtsoe 502 Y.M.M.I.A. Offices, 50 North Main St. The World of the Jaredites—Conclusion...Hugh Nibley 510 Y.W.M.I.A. Offices, 40 North Main St.

Melchizedek King of Salem Charles E. Haggerty 512

Children The Hearts of, the,, 516 Salt Lake City 1, Utah King Dunn Emma

The Church Moves On 496 M. Walker 531 Copyright 1952 by Mutual Funds, Inc., a CorporaMelchizedek Priesthood 530 Presiding Bishopric's Page 532 tion of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement

Tobacco, An Evil Influence, Keith AssociationLatterday Saints.of the ChurchAll rightsof Jesusreserved.ChristSubof

scription price, $2.50 a year, in advance; foreign

subscriptions, $3.00 a year, in advance; 25c

Special Features singleEnteredcopy.at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah,

as secondclass matter. Acceptance for mailing

section for in provided special of postage rate

July authorized of October 1917, In God We Trust Marion G. Romney 504 at1103, Act Keys Harrald Stevens Alvord 507 1918. 2,

The Era's March of Progress Continues John D. Giles 518 The Improvement Era is not responsible for unThe Spoken Word From Temple Square solicited manuscripts, but welcomes contributions.

..Richard L, Evans 524, 528, 536, 546, 549 Allpostagemanuscriptsfor deliverymust beandaccompaniedreturn. by sufficient

Exploring the Universe, Franklin Roberts 491

S. Harris, Jr..489 What People Want, George P. Change of Address

These Revenue, Barker 506 Times—Internal for notice of adrequired days'change

the 490 G. Homer Durham Bookrack On include 515 dress. ordering please a change, Fifteen When

Spiritually, Scouting Builds D. L. Your Page slip of the magazine. issue address and Ours 552 a recent from

Address changes cannot be made unless the old

Today's Family address as well as the new one is included.

What is the Best Age for Marzie...542

riage? Rex A. Skidmore...540 Summer Supper for a Crowd....543 National Advertising Representatives Hints 541 Handy

Glorifying the Milk Can Color in Bedrooms, A. D. MacYou Can Do It, Mildred McKenEwen 545 EDWARD S. TOWNSEND COMPANY

Russ Building San Francisco, California Stories, Poetry EDWARDHENRYS. TOWNSENDG. ESCHEN,COMPANY

1324 Wilshire Blvd.

Fourth of July Mary E. Winchell 508 Los Angeles 17, California

Millie's New Bonnet Leona Bammes Gardner 511 SADLER AND342 SANGSTONMadison Ave.ASSOCIATES

Evelyn Fixed the Wheel Isabelle W* Anderson 517 New York 17, N. Y.

H. Frontispiece, RAY DAVIS Desert is Magic, The Elizabeth SunDay, Martin..5l6 Travis

St. N. LaSalle Grace Barker Wilson 499 Elaine Homecoming, V. Emans Illinois..551 30Chicago, Poetry...500 Page

Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

492 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Deseret News offers INFORMATION THE By V/VfAKtNEWSi,-.. and ii\"AmericanMmmDinlnm. -—5=cL ENTERTAINMENT 'n This Week's F fl*t

''5*5Sft2r*S*: '"Germany

.road 1*,fhePatroIs"""wu

l FWr --Z*;i "g lln JinkingJinking.. AsAs ththesec for your reading pleasure gsarifife."terntern nmGernianvGermany on thth ur.Wes*<*01n noneBerlinaJrr

is w"*&tinier- C e Cme y Kfencedad*y}f seSeveSPlayvere.rff ""*.o/St I therettere Mother ateAc h fflSff esonT "0/ to fail. ijT*uvery on'hi, tefenJf Eure:f Ji 1 '. Sec"'Se.|6

Leadership And

by Les Goates Leadership Week LES GO

IT HAS BEEN said that no great rated over gr&at artists like In every walk of life—leaderCasadesus, Rudolph his own questioned Robert ever man ship, indeed!* * * even your own Serkin and or he is great ability. knows He

Johanessen. Grant know, You wouldn't he be SUCCESS OF MARK

actually fellows of these some great. does in He Absentmindedness

I are than even am, not around go average in The man better"things certain bragging sin about a been deemed Has h i s greatness. A wellknown Utah musician Since the world began;

He just figures was asked how come Maurice But in men of greatness to been able had trait that's acThis all agree the it Abravanel way the with complish such wonders Is a is, charming is and there to Orchestra Utah Symphony Eccentricity. nothing he

* * * that can such extent he has an been it. about do

spellto able vast hold audiences Yet, telephoned Crooked—A woman every breathless, bound, even

in the Better Business streak of Bureau egogreat man has a tism in him which he curbs "LEADERSHIP,"was his anFort Wayne, Ind. reports the

by boasting about some skill swer, "the personality of a alert United Press, and asked other than the one in which he great leader. Abravanel inspires for a recommendation of "a

excels. the players with a great fire. To crooked lawyer."Asked why

k Lefty Gomez, the old superus his stubby baton is a magic she wanted a crooked lawyer, to wand. hearts play our out We replied: she of the Jiuthpaw York YanNew

perform the just as piece he I his during it will best figure "Well, a season as take a it. It's a privilege wants to play ier, batted out only to this one one base crooked case."

it the m maestro, winr * be can triple this very To his day in one up forsummed hr butword—leader-...;iever last heard the to wife your One way make ship!"feat. her change with mind—agree

thoughts to These mind come her. was f&JVANT I as poke throughJiybrochure

the Utah -v louncing oung UBLE DEALING fie I j::yprsity:k."Pigftjn the Be

v;%SK

Enjoy these exclusive DESERET NEWS editorial features

"LES GO"BY LES GOATES... a longstand- "INTERPRETING THE NEWS"... Vivian

ing favorite of Mountain West readers Meik's extensive background as a British is Les Goates whose sparkling humor foreign correspondent gives him keen perand witty satire on a wide range of everyception of the intricacies of foreign affairs, day subjects makes his column delightful which he interprets exclusively for Deseret reading. "Les Go"is a whimsical column News readers. For a clear analysis of

that appeals to everyone's interests. Read events behind world news, read Vivian

it... you'll enjoy it! Meik's "Interpreting the News"every day

on the editorial page.

Read the nation's top Political

and Foreign Affairs Columnists daily on the Editorial Pages. THE MOUNTAIN WCiT'S tiMt/ Nf w iP Af IR

JULY 1952 493 Scouting Builds Spiritually

End Muss, Fuss, Bother With A Plastic Squeezit (Concluded from page 491)

OUR NATION Forward in conservation of human and natural resourcesKETCHUP DISPENSER Forward in alert and active citizenship

Forward in spiritual ideals

To implement, "Forward in the faith of his fathers"and "Forward in spiritual ideals,"the National Council, at its annual meeting held in

May, adopted the following resolution:

WHEREAS, our democratic form of government is founded on a belief in the

Supreme Being as expressed in the Declaration of Independence, which states that all men are endowed by their Creator with certain inalienable rights,

AND WHEREAS, an objective for the boy in the forward on liberty's team program is "forward in the faith of his fathers,"

BE IT RESOLVED THAT, the National

Council urges a reemphasis in all scouting units upon the importance of religion in the life of the boy, and upon his duty to

God,

AND BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that in the spirit of the Twelfth Scout Law, the American ideal of freedom as outlined in the Bill of Rights, be emphasized in

Scout training, teaching youth to foster brotherhood and to promote respect for the convictions of others in matters of custom and religion.

End use of mossy, sticky, unsanitary, unappetizing ketchIt is heartening in these troubled up bottles and mustimes to know that the 750,000 table. the jars on Keep tard scouters of America, who are selected

for use. handy easy Squeezit

men, will be giving emphasis to the

Opens easily. Simply spiritual needs to the boys of AmerOrders To: Executive Arthur ica. Scout Chief with one Mail stem 2 a remove MANNERS, MARGOT has said, "Scouting Kettwist. Fill from has ZCMI A. Schuck,

chup or mustard conSalt Lake City 10, Utah consistently recognized that a strong reg. mustard two tainer. Holds Please send Squeezit dispenser (s) listed. democracy is dependent upon the

bottle. full ketchup jars or one

spiritual life of its citizens."

Quan. Red Yellow Price

To use Squeezit just All of this is so much in harmony 3 twist little cap on with the ideals of the Church. And

the stem and squeeze.

Pliable, food preserso scouting in the Church can take ving plastic gives under presfull recognition and make full use sure. Contents flow evenly. CashD Charge Q C.O.D. Q of the religious and spiritual training

sr aspect of the Boy Scout program, to

When empty wash easstrengthen the boys of the Church ily, quickly under hot in doing their duty to God, attend- 4 water tap. Choose City Zone State ing to all the phases of their Aaronic

yellowred or postage for one Please first dispenser add 15$ orderPriesthood work, and fuliiling other ketchup. for both mustard and additional dispenser. Utah resieach ed; 9$ for

Sets in 2 colors make n ice gifts. dents please add 2% state sales tax. Church requirements. Scouting leaders throughout the Church should be

fully aware of this great partnership effort to strengthen boys spiritually.

494 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Ive lots of time for my children since I got my Ironrite'

says Mrs. Paul Wagner

244 S. E. 78th Avenue

Portland, Oregon 1"As a professional man's wife with three children, I had my hands full.

"Ironing was the biggest job of all. It

used to take me from 8 to 10 hours a week, leaving me worn out and too tired to really enjoy my children. But

that was before I got my Ironrite

Automatic Ironer!

"Doing a big ironing is no trouble at all with my Ironrite. It irons anything I can wash, saving me many

precious hours each week. With my

Ironrite, my little girls'things and my husband's daily white shirts, which took so much time, are a breeze.

And there's nothing to finish by hand!

"Yes, thanks to Ironrite, I have lots of time for my children, and for many other things I've been too busy for.

Take a tip from me and see your

Ironrite dealer today!

MODEL 85.New,improved,

closedtoplronriteAuto- matic Ironer (above).

MODEL 80 (below). Open

model. Also MODEL 88.

Ironrite Cabinette with warpproof hardwood top in brown mahogany or honey blond finish.

2 my"Ironinghusbandclean,is a crispsimpleshirtsjob withfor 3"lronrite's in each endDoallof theironingironingpoints,shoe, my Ironrite. It saves me hundreds act like handiron points. They get

of ironing motions. Why, with its into the tiniest tucks and gathers,

two open ends, I can iron the whole making such hardto-iron things as back of a shirt in 10 to 12 seconds! my little girls'dresses easy."

LOW DOWN PAYMENT... MORE FOR YOUR MONEY ASK ABOUT A FREE

EASY CREDIT TERMS IN AN IRONRITE HOME DEMONSTRATION

Iron rile

All leading appliance stores sell Ironrite!

See YOUR local Ironrite Ironer Dealer

Distributed by DESERET APPLIANCE DISTRIBUTORS INC.

142 South 5th West -Salt Lake City, Utah

JULY 1952 495 THE CHURCH MOVES ON Af *J)au SJo <Jjau Chronology \Jf Church (Luenti

posed of Walter Stover as chairman

April 1952 May 1952 and Bishop Carl W. Buehner of the

Bishopric, Howard Barker, of A. Widtsoe 1 Elder John S. Stringham. and Briant the 1 AtSalt leastLake Cityone FifthL.D.S.Ward,chapel,becamethe Presiding honwas of the Twelve Council

of evacuees, "home"temporary the Phi, returned of Deltaored of the by members Bishop Carl W. Buehner as A streams inswollen floods from runoff as their fraternity collegemissionary the discussed Bishopric Presiding

"founder, motivator, and grand presiundated parts of southwest Salt Lake subject "The Bishop and Ward Teachdent."During the evening, Dr. Avard City. ing,"at this session of the bishops'

bust of Dr. a lifesized beganFairbanks

been commissioned hasWidtsoe, which full responsiassumed Church The the fraternity.by of housing for and 3 Presidentcated a monumentDavid O.to McKayElder Josephdediworkshop.bility evacuation

Standing near Dalton, Georgia, where displaced families in Salt Lake City fell defending missionary the young dedicondition, flood and current the O. David during McKay 9 || President Elder 1879. testimony, his July 21, First the evacuof the from the chapel Cross withdrew cated Mesa the Red

at companion missionary Standing's of duplication Stake. (Arizona) to avoid ation Maricopa programWard,

President Stephen L Richards dedithat time was another young man services.

later wascated the chapel of the Valley'View Elder Rudger Clawson—who These statistics were made available

Ward, Wilford (Utah) Stake. sustained as an Apostle October 10, on the flood situation in the wards of

Elder LeGrand Richards of the Coun1898, and later as President of the Temple View, Pioneer, Riverside, Wells, cil of the Twelve dedicated the chapel of Council of the Twelve. He died June and Liberty stakes in the Salt Lake City

the Pioneer Ward, West Utah Stake. 21, 1943. area:

to the Assistant Sonne, Elder Alma. Homes affected to any conthe A President David O. McKay dedidedicated of the Twelve,Council

of the Palmetto chapel cated the extent: 647 \ siderable

chapel of the Mona Ward, Juab Southern Branch, 435 (Georgia) evacuated: States Families(Utah) Stake.

President Milton R. Hunter of the Mission. Number working on flood

First Council of the Seventy dedicated President Stephen L Richards of the projects: 2661

the chapel dedicated during spent Presidency Manhours ofthe chapel the Mountain Home Ward, First buildThird of Delta The 19,373 Ward. flood: the

Stake. Lake (Utah)Moon

is as a stake to be used also 103 offered ing for emergency: center Trucks

for the Deseret (Utah) Stake. Number reporting May 5

9 7 President Stephen L Richards of Ogden Thirtyfifth "Ward, Ogden (the one day) for typhoid the First Presidency dedicated the (Utah) Stake, created from portions of immunization shots: 2200

of thechapel Bunkerville Ward, Moapa with Ward, Ogden Thirtieth

Stake. Elder C.. Floods continued to ravage parts of(Nevada) as bishop. Seager sustained Austin

President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., of the Ogden Thirtysixth Ward, Ogden Salt Lake, Utah, Davis, Weber, and

First Presidency dedicated the chapel Stake, created from portions of Ogden Morgan counties.

of the two Huntington wards, Emery Twentieth Ward, with Elder David A.

(Utah) Stake. Richards sustained as bishop. 7 Elder LeGrand Richards of the

Elder Clifford E. Young, Assistant to Elder J. Earl Garrett sustained as Council of the Twelve, formerly

the Council of the Twelve, dedicated second counselor in the Glendale Presiding Bishop, spoke on "Ward the chapel of the Koosharem Ward, (California) Stake presidency, succeedFinances"at the bishops'workshop.

Sevier (Utah) Stake. ing Elder W. Tenney Cannon. The appointment of Elders Hoyt W.

Presiding Bishop Joseph L. Wirthlin Brewster and W. Floyd Millett to the

dedicated the chapel of the CenterPJ A fournight course to help general board of the Young Men's field Ward, Gunnison (Utah) Stake. bishoprics of the Church in the Mutual Improvement Association, anSalt Lake City area began in Barratt nounced.

9 A It was announced that there are Hall, under the sponsorship of the The appointment of Mrs. Claire

2135 Master M Men plus 146 Presiding Bishopric. Arrangements were Thomas Murdock to the general board

Honorary Master M Men in the Church. made by the extension division of Brigof the Primary Association, announced.

The last 633 books of President Heber ham Young University. The first of the

J. Grant's personal library have been nightly panel discussions was "The Q Elder Harold B. Lee of the Coungiven to Brigham Young University, it Bishop and the Aaronic Priesthood."cil of the Twelve discussed "The

was announced by members of the Presiding Bishop Joseph L. Wirthlin Bishop as a Judge"at the concluding

late President's family. Earlier presenwas the speaker. session of the bishops'workshop.

tations from his personal library had Deseret Woolen Mills, a unit of also been made to this Church unithe Church welfare program, began its | President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., of

versity. first day of operation. The modern the First Presidency dedicated the

This week the old Primary Children's plant which was formerly the blanket chapel of the Imperial and Imperial

Hospital, where during a thirtyyear factory of the Utah Woolen Mills, will West wards, Wilford (Salt Lake City) period, 5097 "in"patients and 3498 supply Church welfare requirements. Stake.

"out"patients had been treated, was In charge of this Murray, Utah, mill is President Antoine R. Ivins of the

being razed. Temporarily the location a subcommittee nemed by the genFirst Council of the Seventy dedicated

will be used as a parking area. eral Church welfare committee, comthe chapel of the Gettysburg, South

496 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Dakota, Branch, North Central States

Mission.

Most wards and branches held special Mother's Day programs.

I 9 The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder Axel J.

Andresen as president of the Norwegian

Mission. He succeeds President A.

Sherman Gowans at the mission headquarters in Oslo. President Andresen,

who is returning to the land of his birth, filled a mission to the Eastern

States from 1920 to 1922. He is a

former bishop of Burton (Salt Lake

City) Ward, and at this call, was president of the South Salt Lake Stake.

1 \ The general Church music com- * * mittee announced this week in its new handbook, General Recommendations Concerning Music in the

Church, that it was recommended that congregations remain seated during singing. This is expected to add to Here's the gloriously easy kind of floor

the reverential qualities of the meetings.

cleaning you've dreamed about... the

1 * The third annual allChurch volmodern Bruce method created by the leyball tournament began in the world's largest hardwood flooring

Deseret Gym. Entries came from Utah,

California, Nevada, Arizona, and makers. No scrub buckets! No backIdaho. aches! No sore knees! Instead, you

Hurricanelike took winds heavy tolls clean and wax your linoleum and wood in toppling including the northern Utah, of one of the stately side steeples of the floors standing up!

tabernacle in Brigham City. The Doozit Pad does the dirty work.

-i n President David O. McKay dediIt whisks away dirt and dullness and

* cated the chapel of the Avenal is safe for the finest finish. Pads

Branch, Fresno (California) Stake.

President David O. McKay dedicated may be used several times, but

the chapel of the Merced Ward, Fresno separate Pads should be used to

Stake.

Monument Park Ward, Monument clean, to wax, and to polish.

Park (Salt Lake City) Stake won the allChurch volleyball tournament. Og-.*0*&

den Twentyfirst Ward, Ben Lomond

Stake, won second place, and Hoytsville

Ward, Summit (Utah) Stake, received third place and the sportsmanship trophy. There were 175 teams participating during the volleyball season.

Many wards and stakes held outings for their young men as part of the annual celebration marking the anniversary of the restoration of the Aaronic

Priesthood.

Many wards and branches held &*9%b''18 their Aaronic Priesthood restoration anniversary programs during sacraTHERE'S A BRUCE PRODUCT FOR ment meeting services. EVERY FLOOR AND SURFACE Elder S. Ross Fox, formerly first coun- * *

selor, was sustained as president of South

Salt Lake Stake, succeeding President

Axel J. Andresen, recently selected to

preside over the Norwegian Mission.

Counselors to President Fox are Elders

Rolf Christiansen and Lothaire R. Rich.

Elder Christiansen served as second counselor to President Andresen.

(Continued on page 549) JULY 1952 497 Background for Book of Mormon Studies ANCIENT AMERICA AND THE AMERICAS BEFORE COLUMBUS

THE BOOK OF MORMON By Dewey Farnsworth

Thrilling of origin story colonizer, the mysterious of a a Read of Milton Hunter R. and By in Central jungles of the empire conqueror, golden friendmaker, and Stewart Ferguson Thomas its evolution, America, and devoted church South man. and histhrilling into the scholarly peek A into ago, the years power2500 1. HAMBLIN JACOB.. starting civilizations early of tory American races. with ful Inca Studded and Maya Pearson H. Corbett By Mor-. to of valuable Book a background illustrated. facts profusely and New historical and with study. Packed mon "Apostle Hamblin, Jacob edition. $5.00 $4.00 information. doctrinal is to the Indians,"of one

the most picturesque fighis- in early ures 7. western THE DUST VOICE FROM A TO IMMORTALITY WAY tory. is 3. ON THE This new arranged book Edited by and LIFE ETERNAL AND reextensive based on Genet Dee Bingham

search in the territory By J. Reuben Clark, Jr. The complete Book of Mormon story

where Jacob Hamblin was Man's ageold quest for truth, for an and doctrine in a readable, fascinating most active. $5.00 assurance of life after death, is here form; good reading for both young peosharply delineated under the scholarly ple and adults. $4.00

and inspired writing of President Clark.

$3.50 8. JAMES H MOYLE

stirring distinguished a story This of 4. IN HISTORY ESSENTIALS CHURCH i, an honored American Churchman, and Fielding Smith Joseph By 3c0 written B. bj Hinckley and Gordon vital essential of church points and The of in part research based on John Henry doctrine. history $4.00 and Evans. $3.50

5. THE PRESIDENTS OF THE CHURCH Do you have all three volumes of this

By Preston ISibley informative series by Dr. John A. WidtNew complete edition, containing biosoe:

graphies of all the presidents of the 9. EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS

L.D.S. Church including a new chapter Vol. I

on President David O. McKay. Valuable 10. EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS

quotes and fascinating reading. New Vol. II

edition. $4.00 Gospel Interpretations.

11. EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS

I MI Vol. Ill

Aids to Faith in a Modern Day.

$2.25 each Purchase these books from your local dealer, or II

paid by Deseret postage order, for mail coupon useI tax. add II, uS&itt&M&JttfE of Utah Residents 2% sales Book.I - >; '.#V;1

I DESERET BOOK COMPANY I 44 East South Temple Salt Lake City, Utah Please send books numbered: jj

10 IT I 123456789 - * Deseret Book Co,I Name i Address 44 East South Temple City State i. y. -:-.??W*rf??7Jfr2R498.. THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

-Josef Muench The Desert Is Magic TJ. he desert holds a magic which is cast

Upon all those who linger for awhile

Beneath the wide, blue skies, which make a vast,

High tent above the gray, for mile on mile.

I love the desert; now it is my home.

But sometimes in the sandy waste, I long

To see the green of mountains and the foam

Of falling waters, and to hear the song

Of night birds near my windows, and the sigh

Of quiet winds that blow through thicklimbed fir.

I want to smell the woods as rain comes by,

The pale wild roses and the lavender.

But when there comes a night of white moonshine,

Then I am glad a desert home is mine.

by Grace Barker Wilson

JULY 1952 499 COURAGE DESERET NOW By Grace Sayre By LeRoy Burke Meagher By Elaine V. Emans

H'ereWorkingin the awaytree sheuntiringlybuilt her nest, FREEDOM THERERememberingis a time thefor lookingbest of allat oftheit—past,

Picking and salvaging some string, was a flame And being glad some lovelinesses last

Gathering twigs to hoard and bring carried oxenpaced Till life is done, and there is a definite

Into the space where her nest would swing. across a desert waste; Time, even more, for planning days ahead.

Over the nest, she brooded late, Courage But, oh, there is a time, and it is now,

Watching and waiting patiently. was a song To be aware of present sunlight spread

of handcarts bough, bluebird on the very But, her, I as I watched soon saw For me—this

I by, and nearly hurried flower that searching hearts; This leg, with a broken She worked one wing and

Trailed along; though she could sing Peace This laughter of a friend within my ear,

To the world as if she had everything! was a dead land, This love just waiting here to occupy

And so she had, for her courage high wakened by plow seams A place of first importance, and these dear that and mountain streams; hourly reminders OtherMade her song reach to the stars and sky!

. the Faith with business I now and Have urgent

FIRST BIRTHDAY waslifteda byquarriedtithing stonehire here.

By Angelyn W. Wadley into a temple spire

Those are the words BIRCH SEEN SUDDENLY erase, By Anobel ArmourCould'July, it be a full year since that day in TimeNor these:can not

So full of suspense till I heard her first cry? "This is the place."had no will at all to search

place at our table, a new bud on ourA new birch so the and For miracles, * tree, the I crossed Surprised me as still.A new hill white and standing saw it dream for the future—new glory for PRAYER ON A HILLTOP And me! see to throat caught in my My breath

tree, this of one loveliness Beatrice The Wilson Munro By it a or of year matter be a Could whole thinned. daylight as dusk gray the In days? wind no and trembled, lies branches valley the below, No Sure she climbs, walks, she she and and Far leaf under, green as a turned So I lift much eyes, shade. In and sun my plays, babbles and wonder heart knew again so my blue. And as heaven's just seems near And tricks she a has knows few and grown And oak, the mighty made he who That I live these two Lord, between would lot, such a

spoke, the thunder to he That whom to see earth to Close enough a so year old Surely But not! soon? Surely

tides the to draw set the moon of Who fellow me, has need man When not!

mountainsides, the set pines on And angel's wing to So near heaven an

Could it be but one year, since that fair Might brush me sometimes when I sing. Could shape a tree so slim and small.

summer day, Yet as I stood, my soul grew tall,

Or have months without measure just Knowing that only God could bless vanished away? DOUBLE HOLSTER The earth with such white loveliness.

it's hard to recall when this childNow wasn't mine.

By Eva Willes Wangsgaard THIS IS THE PLACE we've It seems belonged since beginning of of time. went to tuck Davy safe in bed By C. LeRoy Clayton

instead, sheriff there tough a found And I is place: the sheriff strategy planned whose had PRAY A This

words in vision told. Prophetic in allnight each hand. watch, a gun An R. Hudelson By Bertha is place, the This rest Sheriff, you'll I said, need your "Hey,

old, of since for days Saints Reserved If pest. robber that capture deadeye you bright curtains back draws dawn

faithfulWhen band, for that haven A night, at goes duty deputy on Your of day, the hand; Jehovah's hither by Led all right."trust He's you him. can And floods sunshine the with world And land; promised the last found they At pat, guns. the gave a I gave him He me light tender

is place. the This like that! just asleep, he sound was And trail of birds the singing in mark To

flight, This is the place With thankfulness, pray. With mountain bulwarks tall and grand.

UTAH'S OF TO THE TOWER is place; the This fingers, dawn, blackened with Though CAPITOL STATE stand. shall to here temple God A bleakly hides

ruthless the fear mob, we'll more No of rose early A. sky Sorensen morning By and The May tyrant's rod, scourged by be more No brings

we'll worship God. in peace here But storms, scene in whitethe muffled watch song you Dark and bird Across is place. the This wings, under grace, domed

God's love abides. Once ox teams crept, while men, their eyes We'll find the place,

bright grown this sang as they they marched, And if sends, in his wise way, matter GodNo at watching, weary, stumbling came With song: tranquility; Vicissitudes or sweet pace. place the find We'll gifts his are humility, with and, They light, to their vision ever the Women, throng. there mighty a become And faith, pray. In simple feeding only dreams, with gaunt upon Now raise cities build, ensign an We'll

Held starving babies to impoverished On which the world in awe shall gaze

FELINE CAPERS breasts; And marvel at God's wondrous ways.

for valley streams, these but safety by This is the place. By Gladys Hesser Bucnham Asked

crests. these hid beneath mountain A refuge

is the place desert once, now fruitful fields.TheScreeching,wind candartingbe a fiercelike a oldbat.cat, Today a shining city fills that view; ThisA

She slams a door and claws a screen How strangely builded few are left to tell. This is the place;

Or fights dried leaves and acts so mean, Do eerie breezes sometimes bring to you The land in rich abundance yields

Just then she purrs and nestles down. Ghost warnings that you act as sentinel? Fine fruits and grains and flowers fair,

Ah! Such relief. You sigh—then frown They left a high achievement in your care; Its mountains filled with minerals rare,To hear a roar phftt—a spat. Guard well the dreams of those who wrought And peace and plenty everywhere.A fresh gale blows—she is a cat. it there. This is the place.

500 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA r \

"Choose You"wWSIiJ!S>3fij5Wtoj

by President David O. McKay

There was a mighty host assembled many "If ye forsake the Lord, and serve strange years ago in the city of Shechem. Israel gods, then he will turn and do you hurt, and

had gathered there to hear the last words consume you, after that he hath done you of their great leader, Joshua. Fivescore years good.

and ten he had seen life; he had led Israel "And the people said unto Joshua, Nay; but

faithfully through many trials; he had seen we will serve the Lord.

their waverings; and he had known their way- "And Joshua said unto the people, Ye are

wardness. On that memorable occasion, he witnesses against yourselves that ye have

preached to them the words of life, reminding chosen you the Lord, to serve him. And they

them of the many manifestations of God in said, We are witnesses."{Idem 1922.)

their behalf. He reverted to the days of AbraAnd the covenant made by the people that

ham when the people went after strange gods. day was placed in the book of the law of the

He told them how God had led their father Lord, and an altar was built there as memorial

Abraham out from this idolatry, how the hand of the covenant. Joshua bade them goodof the Lord had led Israel out of Egypt, how bye and went the way of all the earth. That

he had given them lands not of their taking, generation kept their covenants. You may

how he had given them cities, not of their read the record of Israel from the exodus to building. Continued he, the captivity, and you cannot find a genera-

"Now, therefore, fear the Lord, and serve tion that served the Lord so faithfully as did him in sincerity and in truth; and put away the those who covenanted with the old Prophet

gods which your fathers served on the other Joshua, on that day.

side of the flood, and in Egypt; and serve ye We, in our day, must choose whom we will

the Lord. serve. I say we cannot go on serving, part of

"And if it seem evil unto you to serve the the time, the enemy, and part of the time, the

Lord, choose you this day whom ye will serve; Church. We cannot do this. The Lord has

whether the gods which your fathers served said plainly, "No man can serve two masters:

that were on the other side of the flood, or for either he will hate the one and love the the gods of the Amorites, in whose land ye other; or else he will hold to the one and despise

dwell: but as for me and my house, we will the other. Ye cannot serve God and mammon."

serve the Lord."(Joshua 24:1415. Italics (Matt. 6:24.) These words are true, and I

author's.) believe we should take them as literally as did

If it seem evil in your sight, to serve the Lord, the Prophet Joseph Smith take the words of then choose you this day whom ye will serve, James:

"But,"said the old prophet, just before his "If any of you lack wisdom, let him ask of death, "as for me and my house, we will serve God, that giveth to all men liberally."(James

the Lord."1:5.)

Then he gave the people their choice: The Prophet believed these words and took

"Whom will ye serve?"And they cried with them for their meaning. So I believe we

one voice, "We will serve the Lord.""Rememshould take Christ's words and know that we

ber,"said he, "it is you who make that covecannot serve two masters. Let us choose today

nant. whom we shall serve.

"... ye cannot serve the Lord: for he is an The truth that we cannot serve two masters is

holy God; he is a jealous God: he will not emphasized in Byron's Cain, and I feel to menforgive your transgressions, nor your sins. (Continued on following page)

trsTjCVTVTjCNCViSCNTNCNCX *CVX?S

JULY 1952 )?'$Patje 501

THE EDITORS PAGE (Continued from preceding page) of the world, the Lord said to Joseph Smith: "...

tion it here for emphasis. Cain is tempted by they draw near me with their lips, but their

Lucifer; and after the devil had led him on, telling hearts are -far from me."(Joseph Smith 2:19.) It

him that the gospel is nothing, that Adam was is not lip service—then what is it? Faithfulness

deceived, that the Lord is only a cruel God, Cain to duty.

says: I am reminded now of the responsibility that

"Wilt thou teach me all?"rested upon those soldiers who followed General

"Aye,"says Lucifer, "upon one condition."James Wolfe up the mighty heights of Quebec

Cain: "Name it."that starlight September night. What was the

Satan: "That thou dost fall down and worship duty upon each soldier that night? Nothing great

me, thy Lord."—five thousand of them stealthily rowing down

Cain: "Thou art not the Lord my father worthe river and then quietly pulling themselves up

ships."by the branches of the trees on the hillside. What

Satan: "No."was the service demanded from that mighty army?

Cain: "His equal?"Why, the service of order and quietness. One

Satan: "No: I have naught in common with soldier that night could have frustrated General

him! Nor would: I would be aught above—beWolfe's entire plan. But each one had a duty

neath—Aught save a sharer or a servant of his that of being quiet, that of remaining in rank, power. I dwell apart; but I am great:—Many until, before morning, the whole army stood on

there are who worship me, and more who shall the Plains of Abraham, ready to take the fort.

be thou among the first."So it is in this great army of the priesthood. Each

Cain: "I never as yet have bow'd unto my man has only a little duty to perform; the perfather's God, although my brother Abel oft imformance of it might mean everything to the

plores that I would join him in sacrifice:—Why quorum to which he belongs! It might mean imshould I bow to thee?"measurably much to the Church.

Satan: "Hast thou ne'er bowed to him?"There are other instances in history where little

Cain: "Have I not said it?—need I say it? Could simple acts have expressed the spirit of the entire

not thy mighty knowledge teach thee that?"nation. One such comes to my mind. At one

Then these words and Byron never uttered a time during the American Revolution, General greater truth: Nathanael Greene had been defeated; he was

Satan: "He who bows not to him has bow'd alone, penniless, hungry, footsore. He went into

to me!"an inn, and the proprietor said: "Hello, General

Cain: "But I will bend to neither."Greene! All alone?""Yes, alone, hungry, and

Satan: "Ne'er the less, thou art my worshiper: penniless."The lady of the house set before him

but the best she had, not worshiping him, makes thee mine the same."a warm breakfast—plain,

(Cain, Act 1.) and then, shutting the door quietly behind her,

This truth harmonizes with the scripture. "No she brought and put in the general's hand, a

man can serve two masters: for either he will hate purse. "There!"she said; "it is all I have, but

the one, and love the other; or else he will hold you are welcome to it; take it."

to the one and despise the other."(Matt. 6:24.) There was hanging just over the fireplace of

It is not in membership only that Christ wants that humble inn, the picture of George III. Genservice. He can, today as of old, raise up from eral Greene arose, turned the picture to the wall,

the stones children unto Abraham. It is not lip and on the back of it wrote this line: "Hide your

service that he wants. Speaking of the churches (Concluded on page 549)

IS WAR EVER JUSTIFIED?

TheWhilegospelon earthof Jesusthe ChristSavior ispleadeda gospelwithof peace.manOF THEbyCOUNCILJohn A.OFWidtsoeTHE TWELVE

kind to preserve peace. He made clear that

contention among men or nations is really a battle between right and wrong, between lawful and unlawful desires, whether for temporal or spiritual Evidences advantage. The happiness for which all rightAND

minded people long will come only when humanity follows the teachings embodied in the gospel Reconciliations of Jesus Christ. There is no other way. CLXVII

Nevertheless, contention and war date back to the beginning of time. There is a report of a

great war in our first estate among the spiritual earth. Onethird of those present in the great

beings who had won the right to come upon the council, so we are told, lost their privilege of earth 502 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA experience and are now engaged in battling against time, and you revile not against your enemy, and bear it shall hundredfold. patiently, reward be an your truth the laid laws for and of conduct down man

if time, third the again, smite and he shall you And of of history heaven. by the Lord The man it shall doubled unto patiently, be reward on ye bear your

earth is likewise the story of a continuous sucyou fourfold;

cession of wars. And these three testimonies shall stand against your

if out. shall blotted not, repent not he be and enemy exist does evil in of the hearts Why men? What

if shall you, that verily I say unto enemy now, And is evil. the original of cause of hundreds Though into that brought judgnot be he escape vengeance, my

books have been written on that subject, the ment before me, then ye shall see to it that ye warn him in answers have not been found. All we know is my name, that he come no more upon you, neither upon

that evil has arisen in the hearts of otherwise your family, even your children's children unto the third generation. fourth intelligent men since the beginning of time. and

then, if he shall come upon you or your children, And

The eternal right of choice is vouchsafed us by or your children's children unto the third and fourth our Heavenly Father by which men may choose generation, I have delivered thine enemy into thine to follow right or wrong. Why in the beginning, hands;

shalt spare him, thou be rewarded then if thou wilt And or now, intelligent beings choose to follow evil also righteousness; for children thy and thy and

remains a mystery. dren's children unto the third and fourth generation.thy chilWe on earth know how wars originate. As Nevertheless, thine enemy is in thine hands; and if thou

justified; art his to works according thou rewardest him in the great preexistent council Lucifer sought

is life if life, thy endangered by sought has thy he and to power himself, magnify so in the wars on justified. art is in thou thine thine him, hands and enemy

earth men seek to lift themselves up in personal Behold, this is the law I gave unto my servant Nephi, power, position, or possessions at the expense of and thy fathers, Joseph, and Jacob, and Isaac, and Abraothers. Then contention and warfare follow. ham, and all mine ancient prophets and apostles.

Seldom has a war among men been fought to cients,And thatagain,theythisshouldis thenotlawgo thatout untoI gavebattleuntoagainstmine anyansupport a spiritual principle, freed from selfish nation, kindred, tongue,- or people, save I, the Lord, objectives. When that occurs, those who are commanded them.

battling against God's law will be defeated. And if any nation, tongue, or people should proclaim

Our whole concern should be to set up God's warpeace againstunto thatthem,people,they nation,should orfirsttongue;lift a standard of

kingdom and to destroy the forces of evil which And if that people did not accept the offering of peace, would set up their own souldestroying kingdom. neither the second nor the third time, they should bring

Under such conditions war must be declared upon these testimonies before the Lord;

the unrighteous. Then I, the Lord, would give unto them a commandment, and justify them in going out to battle against that

Necessarily, however, there are times when evil nation, tongue, or people.

in its hate of right goes too far in its deliberate And I, the Lord, would fight their battles, and their attempts to overthrow the purposes of the Alchildren'shad avengedbattles,themselvesand theiron children'sall their enemies,children's,to untilthe thirdthey mighty. Then the means of earth must often be and fourth generation.

used to correct the evilminded and prevent the Behold, this is an ensample unto all people, saith the spread of evil among the unwary. Such a war Lord your God, for justification before me.

may be justified. A war for more land or for more And again, verily I say unto you, if after thine enemy

power among the nations can never claim justifihas come upon thee the first time, he repent and come cation. The weapons of such a righteous war untoand shaltthee prayinghold it thyno moreforgiveness,as a testimonythou shalt againstforgive thinehim,

should be the teaching of truth and right and enemy the exclusion of the unrighteous from association And so on unto the second and third time; and as oft

with the righteous. The bloody wars in which as thine enemy repenteth of the trespass wherewith he

we have engaged on earth are really a type of hasseventytrespassedtimes seven.against thee, thou shalt forgive him, until

murder unacceptable to the Lord of heaven. And if he trespass against thee and repent not the

The preservation of high doctrine and principles first time, nevertheless thou shalt forgive him.

of action contained in the gospel of Jesus Christ repentAnd not,if heneverthelesstrespass againstthou shaltthee forgivethe secondhim. time, and

alone can justify war on earth or elsewhere. And if he trespass against thee the third time, and reTherefore, every contention, great or small, should pent not, thou shalt also forgive him.

be analyzed as to the causes of the war which lie But if he trespass against thee the fourth time thou at the bottom of the struggle. But in no instance shalt not forgive him, but shalt bring these testimonies

must evil finally be allowed to win such a fight. before the Lord; and they shall not be blotted out until

When the Prophet Joseph Smith and his people withhe repenthe hasandtrespassedreward theeagainstfourfoldthee. in(D.all& thingsC. 98:2344.)wherewere persecuted, the Lord warned Joseph to be

patient and to bear persecution patiently; but he Only under such conditions as are specified in

also explained that limitations are placed upon this revelation can Latterday Saints justify a war.

those who wage war against righteousness. But it must be remembered that we are taught to

be loyal to the land in which we live. Often as

I speak unto concerning Now, you your families—if things good must do which citizens we we do

will or you, families, smite your once, men ye bear and or not understand fully accept. which do not we it patiently revile against not and seek them, neither

revenge, ye shall be rewarded; As far as war is concerned, the procedure in the

But if ye bear it not patiently, it shall be accounted unto Doctrine and Covenants, section 98, is the Lord's you as being meted out as a just measure unto you. word. If the nations would heed it, bloody conAnd again, if your enemy shall smite you the second tentions among the nations would cease.

JULY 1952 503 In the name of the most holy trinity, who inspired me with the idea and afterwards made it perfectly clear to me that

I could navigate and go to the Indies from

Spain, by traversing the ocean westward.

The early settlers of the Atlantic seaboard testified that they were led and sustained by the power of God.

The colonists, rejecting the tyranny of King George, appealed "to the

Supreme Judge of the world for the rectitude of"their intentions and, "with a firm reliance on the protection of Divine Providence"struck for freedom.

At a critical point Franklin thus addressed the constitutional convention,

We have been assured, sir, in the sacred writings, that "Except the Lord build the house, they labour in vain that build it."

I firmly believe this; and I also believe

that, without his concurring aid, we shall this political building in succeed no better builders of Babel. than the.-....::.:,': m<:. {Documentary::::.::.:..,:—..:::.: f

History of the Constitution of the United

States, Vol. Ill, pp. 235237.)

In his 1789 Thanksgiving Proclamation, Washington made seven lllllSlll! separate references to the Almighty,

whom he acknowledged as the source

Keystone View Co. Photo of all the nation's blessings, including

victory in the Revolution and "opportunity to establish a form of government for"our "safety and happiness."

Perhaps no other American, save IN GOD WE TRUST the prophet only, has put such imby Marion G. Romney plicit trust in God as did the Great

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE Emancipator. Out of his personal

experiences he testified he was as certain acts that directly God upon to into reprecaptivity, into this morning you and also downIcome affairs as fact human of a he was a senting people temporally the destruction both and spirfor whom apparent to the senses, such as that inscription on our national coin, itually."

he was in the room where he was then real sigthe Preceding advent of Columbus,"In God We Trust"—has said: Henificance. dwelling peoples For mighty eftwo an upon speaking. we know that

fective relationship persists between this land prospered in obeying God's I have had so many evidences of his

God and this land and its people. commands and, rebelling against direction, so many instances when I have

other controlled than been power some by recinto oblivion. Their them, sank Centuries ago the designated Lord

I will, this that that cannot doubt own my are proof of cereloquent the land,America choice a goodly above ords I frequently see above. from power comes

all others, to be reserved for a righttainty in God's warning and promise. my way clear to a decision when I am

eous people. While it was yet unThe builders of modern America, conscious that I have not sufficient facts

it. I to found cannot But upon which diof the without knowledge though to Eurasians, that he decreedknown

I recall instance in followed one which have decree, of vine have been aware Godit should be discovered only under judgment, founded a such upon own my his guidance and promised its instanding within "the shadow keeping decision, where the results were unsatishabitants from that time henceforth watch upon his own."factory; whereas, in almost every instance

and forever that they should "... be Columbus, not knowing it had been where I have yielded to the views of others

it. to regret had occasion (Abraham to yet witnessed truth of thefree from bondage, capgiven, from and Hill, Wesley John of God, ILincoln—Manhave the declaration that discoverers thetivity, other and from all nations 124.) p.

under heaven"(Ether 2:12), if they of America should be led by divine

would serve him. On the other hand, inspiration. "God gave me the faith A marked diminution of our trust

he warned that if they would not and afterwards the courage so that in God has taken place in America serve him, "they should be brought I was quite willing to undertake the since the days of Lincoln, the effect journey,"he said to his son, and in of which is everywhere apparent. We

*Church of the Air Address, April 6, 1952, Columbia

Broadcasting System. his, will he wrote: and our beloved country are today

504 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA at the crossroads in our efforts to the door and got down on my knees before by praying unto our Father in heaven maintain our glorious American heritAlmighty God and prayed to him mightily in secret, as the Savior admonished,

I told him Gettysburg. at victory lives, prohis for our him that thanking political, temporal,age of cause, his his, cause and spirthisfor and our was war ones, loved our us and tection overitual freedom, and bequeathed won Fredericksanother stand not could but we

to us by the fathers who had inscribed burg or Chancellorsville. Then and there our material comforts, the freedom

in their hearts, as well as on their I made a solemn vow to Almighty God we enjoy in this glorious land; if we

if boys our stand by that he would in us with at will him to guide plead Trust."Inmoney, "In God We I him, and stand by would Gettysburg, that righteousness of we the paths arises of our landevery a hamlet I will stand boys, our and stand by he did

plaintive cry for a return to that by him. And after that, I don't know how may merit a continuation of his

trust in God by which the fathers it was, and I cannot explain it, soon a mercies, if the head of every housebuilt our nation. I believe we are sweet comfort crept into my soul. The hold will daily call his family about

and, praying with them andapproaching almost an unanimity in feelingbusinesscameinto thathis Godhands,had andtakenthatthe thingswhole him our feeling that the great and imwould go right at Gettysburg, and that is they praying with him, truly worship perative need of this hour of decision why I had no fears about you. (Hill, op. cit., the Lord, the first long and sure

for America is to vitalize our trust in 339340.) step will be taken toward vitalizing

God. our trust in God.

I believe we can do it. I know we If we would vitalize our trust in To take the second step, we must and I—must get down learn that in the relationship becan do it if we are but willing to pay God, we—you

the price. Possessing a sure knowledge on our knees and pray to him as tween God and ourselves both parties

of the truth of what I say, I point out Lincoln prayed, with all the energy have obligations. We must stand by

two prerequisites to the realization of of our souls. And we must do so as the Lord, as Lincoln promised to do,

this, our great need: First, we must did the Psalmist, evening, morning, for he has promised to give us proit tection against temporal and spiritualin humility seek the God in whom and at noon. We cannot leave

we trust in earnest prayer; second, for the other fellow; we must do it bondage, and against all other nawe must dedicate ourselves to the ourselves; and we must do it now. tions under heaven, only if we serve

keeping of his commandments. If we will begin and close each day {Concluded on following page)

"Seek ye the Lord while he may be found, call ye upon him while he is near,"counseled Isaiah. (Isa. 55:6.)

"Evening, and morning, and at noon, will I pray, and cry aloud: and

he shall hear my voice,"sang the

Psalmist. (Psalm 55:17.)

"Watch and pray, that ye enter not into temptation"(Matt. 26:41),

taught Jesus. And in his perfect life

he set the pattern. He prayed (Luke

3:21) and fasted forty days (Matt.

4:2) at the beginning of his public

ministry; he prayed in the wilderness (Luke 5:16); he prayed at the

beginning of the day (Mark 1:35);

he prayed a whole night preceding his selection of the Twelve Apostles (Luke 6:12); he prayed for strength

in Gethsemane; and finally, on the

cross in the hour of his death, he prayed. (Ibid., 23:34.)

All men who, "under God"have advanced the cause of righteousness in America have been praying men.

Who has not heard Isaac Potts'account of Washington on his knees in the snow in prayer at Valley Forge?

Lincoln's sublime trust in God came after he had many times been driven to his knees in prayer. He thus explained to General Sickles the reason for the serenity he experienced

while the outcome of the battle of

Gettysburg hung in the balance:

In the pinch of your campaign up there,—Religious News Service Photo

when everybody seemed panicstricken and WASHINGTON AT PRAYER nobody could tell what was going to hapThis sculpture of George Washington kneeling in prayer at Valley Forge is in pen, oppressed by the gravity of affairs, I the face of the east end of the sub Treasury building on Wall St., N. Y. The sculptor

went to my room one day and locked is J. E. Kelley.

JULY 1952 505 IN GOD WE TRUST (Concluded from preceding page) len civilization. Paul's pronouncefingers. Our cynicism and godless

him. Praying is one way to serve ment that our bodies are the temples learning lead us ever farther from the

him; another way is to keep his of God, that "If any man defile the truth. Why should we not put to

commandments. There are numertemple of God, him shall God detest the one untried plan of selfous ways in which we are violating stroy,"(I Cor. 3:17), is an eternal disciplined conformance to the plain

them in America today. principle still in force. Much of our and simple commands of the God

On many points the Lord has sorrow and distress stems from a in whom we profess to trust. Doing

given us specific guidance with reviolation of this divine command. this, turning not to the right hand

spect to the conduct of our lives; for We might continue with others, or to the left, we shall become strong

example, he has said, "Thou shalt not steal,""Thou shalt and of a good courage. The Lord

not bear false witness,""Thou shalt will be with and prosper us, whitherof the take shalt not name Thou trust in him go. Our we but 20:1517), (Ex. covet"we soever the not

for will in vain; the thyLord Lord God into vitalized an allpower- being thus to perenough have in mind now guiltless his that taketh holdnot him name

in vain. (Ex. 20:7.) suade us of many ways in which ful present reality, the strongest bulwe may improve, if we really, in wark in all our defenses, we shall

In harmony with this command truth and without hypocrisy, are sing with strong conviction,

Washington to keeping the commandissued the following committed God to thee, Our fathers'order in 1776: ments of God. of liberty, Author

The General is sorry to be informed that I plead with you, my friends, for a To thee we sing;

the foolish and wicked practice of profane vitalization of our trust in God Long may our land be bright swearing, vice heretoforecursing a and prayer a careful earnest and through light; holy freedom's Withlittle is in growarmy, American an known Lord's of the commands. keeping thy might, Protect us by officers fashion.ing into the hopes He tried has have Every substitute wewill, as influence, as well enexample king. by our Great God,

deavor to check it, and that both they and left us deeper in the mire. Our inthe men will reflect that we can have little tegrity, our liberties, our treasures That we may do so, I humbly pray

hope of the blessings of heaven on our are slipping like sand through our in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

arms if we insult it by our impiety and folly. Added to this, it is a vice so mean

and low,... that every man of sense and

character detests and despises it.

What respect is today being paid to this prohibition against profanity?

If you hear what I hear, you know not placed havewe the Lord in our WHAT PEOPLE WANTdebt its observance. through

"Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy"(Ex. 20:8), is another by George P. Barber

familiar command.

That it was revered by the great

Lincoln is evidenced by a general order to the army and the navy, a conference on fiction writing al, uplifting, and hopeful. As Prosigned by him November 15, 1862. At given by the extension division fessor Mark Schorer, another speaker,

From that order I quote: of the University of California pointed out, the number of stories

in San Francisco some time ago, being published is increasing, but

President, The of the commanderin-chief Betty Finnin, fiction editor of Womthe quality is not improving. What

navy, thearmy and desires and enjoins orderly observance of the Sabbath by the an's Day, made a significant statepeople want is not more stories, but officers and men in the military and naval ment. She said that magazine edimore quality in the stories they read.

service.... The discipline and character tors think they know what people As one who is distressed by the

of the forces suffer, national should not they don't always that want, but lightness emptiness of and of much thenor cause they imperiled, defend be by editors think people know. Some the fiction that in is being publishedthe of profanation or the of the day name

Most High. (Abraham Lincoln, The War want more than anything else in the magazines, I gave hearty assent

Years, III, Carl Sandburg, 374.) their reading the sensational, the to Miss Finnin's assertion. After rebizarre, the trivial, the risque, the turning home from the conference, I

as nation, a we, do stand How light. really people want, But what copies of several examined Latterday

it this Is matter today?upon not is real, said, the decent, the the she

Saint publications the years back overrather in in the breach noted than natural. people the genuine, What

the observance? want, she added, is "real meat."to weigh their quality as enunciated

"Thou shalt not commit adultery,"Writers write to please editors beby Miss Finnin. As one of that

(Ex. 20:14) spake the Lord amidst cause editors are the ones who buy great mass of people who knows what

the thundering and lightning of their stories. If editors don't know he wants, I wish to say this: I hope

Sinai, against one of the most debaswhat people really want, they may our Church publications continue to ing of sins, a practice which has presubstitute the cheap and the tawdry give their readers what they reallyceded the disintegration of every falfor that which is helpful, inspirationwant—"real meat."

506 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Joseph Smith and Sidney Rigdon even... It is not good that man should be

more comforting and* meaningful: alone. (Gen. 2:18.)

in the most stood we And then coveall and the commandments Keep

It this inn. of was room I will famous ye are bound; and which KEYS nants by

cause the heavens to shake for your good, the "Key Room."Keys were everyby Harrald Stevens Alvord and Satan shall tremble and Zion shall where. Some were large, others

Y.M.M.I.A. GENERAL BOARD rejoice upon the hills and flourish; small; many were discolored; few

shall Israel in mine be saved own And were bright. Across the ceiling and I have keys which time; and by the due

in useless they walls the hung down conled, be more no and be they given Sisters on Twin highPerched smooth were these all. keys array. at Once founded is Colorado in colorful Mountain glad, your be hearts and Lift your up retarnish here, useful, but and it inn. Alpine a To reach famous 35:24- (D. nigh. G. draweth redemption & luster brilliance; gone was placed road narrow author's.) a over Italics 26. upward movedwe

so winding the curves appeared to be forever.

connected and unending. This steady More clearly now we begin to see Each visitor was urged to make a

climb encouraged us to glance frebeyond the range of vision. wish and leave his key. It did seem

quently upon a drowsy earth studded Nine thousand feet above the sea little enough for promised hope, for with starlit grandeur, thrilling, exis the manmade inn, weathered, a lack of an earlier preparation.

No one knew the number of keystended, and limitless. Fortunately, we drab, and cold. Slightly protected

arrived at this remarkable vista bebelow the protruding easterly gables and shallow aspirations left here to fore dawn. To see timber mountain swings a significant cluster of artifirust and be forgotten, but each visitor

darkness blend with valley mist then cial keys. could quickly see the keys hung withboth brushed aside by dawn's early Within the lodge an aging keeper in the season. They were the brighter

light and an oncoming sun inspired offered us an easy chair, a better ones. Lacking proper and frequent

use, keys change and tend to wasteus with awe. view, and a fading, "This way,

Here, before our very eyes was a please."With it all so rigid, mechanaway.

What keys did I possess? Whichdaily, mysterious, fascinating, and ical, and lifeless, furtively we moved

miraculous creation. Our limited from room to echoing room as the one should I leave behind?

understanding and meager wisdom guide gave his oft retold story. The With the tour ended and lessons

were greatly enhanced as we rememfable of this inn possessed elements of learned, we again faced eastward into bered the first recorded story in the exciting charm, but like so many in- a warming sun. The fertile, sprawlOld Testament. teresting tales, too much of it had ing plains spread lazily below. Across

become a duty for the pentup, lonely these distant lands our faithful pioIn the beginning God created the heaven guide; a rhythmic chant to the cauneer kinfolk came. They, too,

forever earth. forward. the trudged andand upward receiver. tious the guide seemed Even form, without and the earth was And they keys did come? had What Why alone. strange oddly and face the darknessvoid; upon was and to leave to share? they possess and

Spirit theof the moved deep. of God And recall earlier time a much we Now

waters. of the face theupon rejoice, Lift for hearts unto your and up different vastly spot a and when

said, Let there be light: and And God in or the other the kindom, words, you Father properly admonwas Adam light.there was of given. keys (D. the church have been &

And God saw the light, that it was good ished and instructed by the Lord C. 42:69.)

and God divided the light from the darkwhen he said: (Continued on page 534)

ness.

And God called the light Day, and the darkness he called Night. And the evening

and morning were the first day. (Gen.

1:1-5.)

Then and now the story of the creation, as recorded in Genesis, has been impressive and more easily understood.

In the tops of the mountains ominous clouds may quickly form, then race overhead to unload and slip away as though their purpose were to blanket nature for the winter or perchance to drench slatelike rock and make it glisten in the wet. Nature

at its most violent best may be horrifying and often disastrous. But

with our revealed knowledge of the creation of man, with his godlike potential and ultimate exalted destiny, there is an inward warmth intermingled with an outward calm and security. During such moments we

find the instructions from the Lord to—Photo by Wayne B. Hales

JULY 1952 507 After the band had played all the patriotic airs it could, we all stood and sang, "My Country 'Tis of Thee."

fcffPmwij

was a hot Fourth of July morning, wasn't going to sell any and would big wedge of cheese. Grandma would

It welcomed by Iowa farmers as good have to bring them all home again."bring cake and fried chicken, for a

corn weather. We scanned the And a shadow crossed Mamma's face number of relatives put their dinner

skies anxiously, for rain on the Fourth at the remembrance. "The stores together. Grandma usually brought

of July was a tragedy. It was hard wouldn't take any, but a man was cinnamon rolls also, not the small

for Papa to take the day off from his there buying chickens to ship east. hard kind one often sees nowadays,

work, but he never disappointed us. He said at first that mine were a litbut large and light. They were

He finished all his chores and took tle too large, for they weighed over made of light bread dough, rolled out care of the milk, putting the cans in four pounds apiece, but after looking in a cushiony sheet, covered genercool water. Tomorrow would be at them again, he said they were in ously with butter and sugar and with

cheesemaking day. such good condition that he would just the right amount of cinnamon,

We girls helped Mamma with the take them, and he paid me thirtyfive rolled up and sliced, let rise an extra work, for Bessie was now six, and I cents apiece for them."She handed time, and baked. I have never seen

was nearly nine, and so we were soon a package to Bessie and me. We any since as good.

ready. Bessie and I had new dresses, opened it. Papa came in just then, One great drawback to me was

made of fine yellow lawn with small and he and Mamma and Bessie were that though most of the picnickers brown figures. Bessie was much so pleased with the material they brought their dinners in market baspleased with hers. I wasn't with did not notice my silence. kets, and some even in dishpans or

mine, but Mamma didn't know it. I "I will try to get the dresses made big kettles, we brought ours in a red

had longed for a white dress because for the Fourth of July,"said Mamma wooden box with a lid. No one else

I hadn't had one since I was very eagerly, though sewing was, for her, did that. Ordinarily, this box held

small, and they were in fashion again. a slow and difficult task. "They will the cheesecloth casing for the fresh

Some of the girls had them trimmed be nice and cool, and you have worn curd, but on the Fourth of July this with embroidery. A real summer dress your old ones so long."casing was taken out, and the box,

meant a white dress to me. Papa said, "This material will look welllined with papers and an old

Two weeks before Mamma had said well with their brown eyes and hair."tablecloth, was ready for our lunch.

that she was going to take a dozen And Mamma looked more pleased Money was scarce, I knew, but if young roosters to Blanchard to see than ever as she put things away and Papa thought it important, he would if she could sell them, and if she started to get supper. manage someway the fifteen or twenty

could, and had enough money, she By a great effort Mamma finished cents a market basket cost and get would buy Bessie and me cloth for the dresses and prepared some food one. Once he had paid thirty -five

new summer dresses. I immediately for the picnic dinner after the morncents for a new Sunday School songbegan to picture myself walking into ing's program in the grove. book.

church wearing mine, and always, for Mamma always made rusk for the But red box, new dresses, small some reason, I imagined it as being picnic, for it was Papa's favorite. It brother and sister, Bessie and I, Papa

white, though I know now that I had was made with yeast, like bread, but and Mamma, were all in the spring said nothing about it. with butter and sugar added, and wagon and on our way.

When Mamma came home from perhaps an egg or two, then allowed As we neared the grove, the excitBlanchard, she looked pleased. No to rise an extra time, made into bising, wellremembered Fourthof-July

one could look more quietly pleased cuits, let rise again, and baked. The odors came to our nostrils: firethan Manna when she had somecrust was always a rich brown. When crackers, both fresh and burnt out;

thing she thought very nice for her eaten with fresh butter, it was good lighted matches; small popping

family. She said, "Yes, I sold all of indeed. Mamma had some other things; a faint fragrance of fried

my chickens. I thought at first I things ready, too, and Papa added a chicken, cakes, and pickles from the

508 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA by Mary E. WincbellFOURTH OF JULY

lunch containers; and the good smell Country 'Tis of Thee."Some of the did not take part since nearly all had

of new lumber used in various ways older ones, whether born in this new dresses, and they had to take in the grove. country or not, wiped away a few care of them. I wouldn't have comMingled with these distinctive odors tears, as did my grandmother, for peted anyway, for though I was next

was the pleasant hum of friendly this was now their country in very to the fastest runner in my country voices, for farm people worked hard earnest, and many had lost brothers school, I wouldn't have thought of and seldom got together. or sons in the Civil War. Both my competing with town children.

Of course there were farmers who grandparents had lost brothers. And so we girls, as well as the

felt they could not leave their work. When the singing was over, the grown folk, visited together. We sat

That was understood. But there were audience sat down again, carefully, on the green grass under the platsome people in town even near the for sometimes those benches had been form, a most fascinating place, until

college, who did not enjoy speeches. known to collapse, especially if too the boys began running and jumping

Papa could not understand that. Some many heavy ones sat on the same over our heads, on the not too stable

did not enjoy getting up a picnic board. platform, and our parents ordered

dinner. / did not understand that. There was an expectant hush as us out. After that we walked around

Those of us who came year after the speaker was introduced—a young on the college grounds as we had

year, if it didn't rain, enjoyed the day lawyer from Clarinda, the county seen young ladies do. We talked

very much. seat. All had looked forward to the of the money we had to spend, and

The band was already assembling speech and would discuss it for days; where we got it. Beulah said, "Byron

when we arrived, and we hastened at least it was so with my folk. It (her threemonths-old brother) had

to find a good seat. Improvised seats was a great disappointment if the a nickel to spend for the Fourth, and

had been made from the new lumber. speech was poor. so he got himself some safety pins."

Bessie stood close to Papa, but she When the speech was over, and That was such a good joke that it was looking around to see if she it had seemed as though it never gave us many a giggle during the could find Grandma. She did, not would be, people made ready for afternoon.

very far away, and went to sit bethe picnic, moving two of the benches But a small girl said to me, "Why side her, leaning against her lovingly. together and sitting as best they could do you bring your lunch in a red

Our small brother and sister did not on the ground or on other benches. box?"

want to get too far away from MamUncle Levi brought a small folding That wasn't funny, but most emma in such a crowd, for there must rocking chair for Aunt Agnes, for he barrassing, and all I could think of have been seventyfive or perhaps a took good care of her. Some townsto say, was, "Papa says it keeps

hundred people there. I felt old and people went home for their dinner cleaner that way."Though that

a little aloof from the family, and so and came back later to visit. wasn't the real reason, as what was?

I sat on the end of the seat and When all was ready, Papa went I noticed two unfamiliar little girls watched a few latecomers go by. My to the spring wagon for our lunch wearing pretty white dresses with

small, blonde, second cousins Clara box. I hoped he would carry it embroidery. I said to a friend, "Those

and Walter went by hand in hand, inconspicuously so that people would girls have very pretty dresses."

utterly oblivious to the crowd, the not notice it, but no—he came back, "Yes"she answered, "but they are

band, and the dignitaries, looking striding along, the small sister under as poor as drakes."

down one seat after another until one arm and the red box under the However "poor"that might have they found the person they were lookother, looking pleased, as though all been, the answer should not have ing for—their grandmother. They he thought about was the food. The been a comfort to me, but it seemed

slid past those on the seat, and she relatives admired our dresses, and no to be. Heretofore, I had supposed

made room for them, one on each one seemed to notice the box, but the that all people wearing fine clothes side. opinion of grown folk is not very were wealthy.

The band began to play, wonderimportant anyway. We went back to the grove, for

ful music—unbelievable, that such When the good dinner was over, the there was a new excitement there:

sounds could come from those inaniolder people settled down for a rest Something special for the children, mate instruments! After the band and visit. For the children, there something they had never seen:

had played all the patriotic airs it were foot races, in which Cousin a merrygo-round. It had been

could, we all stood and sang, "My Louie's boy, Charlie, won. The girls (Continued on page 526)

JULY 1952 509 My dear F.

Moroni assures us that it is the Lord who is running things, and The of the that men miss the whole point WORLD and meaning of their lives by failing to recognize the fact: "... the winds

have gone forth out of my mouth, andalso the rains,"(Ether 2:24) he tells JAREDITES

the brother of Jared—but to men it Conclusion

does not seem that way, for the Lord is constantly showing forth "great by Hugh Nibley, Ph.D.power, which looks small to the understanding of men."{Ibid., 3:5.) ASSOCIATEBRIGHAM YOUNGPROFESSOR,UNIVERSITYHISTORY AND RELIGION,

Men simply do not have faith and so deny themselves the blessings and the powers that might be theirs ye receive no witness until after the from the beginning of man."(Ibid.,

If 8:19.) These things, the prophetboundless knowledge, "knowledge of trial of your faith."(Id., 6.) "...

all things"that is "hid up because of there be no faith among the children explains, have destroyed one civilizaunbelief."(Ibid., 4:13.) Given faith, of men God can do no miracle among tion after another, and shall continue

God will not withhold from us a them,"(Id., 12) for he "workest unto to destroy "whatsoever nation shall

knowledge of all things. And ironicalthe children of men according to their uphold such secret combinations."

ly enough, men know that they faith."(See Id., 29.) (Id., 22.)

to be reading Thucyshould have faith even apart from Nothing is harder than to conWe seem the thought of any reward, "for it vince a man of a thing he has not dides, who comments on Greek hispersuadeth [men] to do good."(II experienced: "Ether did prophesy tory just as Moroni does on Jaredite:

Nephiing—"man33:4.)mustYouhope,beginor withhe cannothopgreatpeople,andwhichmarvelousthey didthingsnot untobelieve,the Meninvariablywho becomelive for dangerousthis world paraonly

receive an inheritance,"(Ether because they saw them not."(Id., 5.) noiacs who destroy themselves and all

12:32) for "faith is things which are Those without faith live in a world connected with them. But the Greeks

hoped for and not seen; wherefore, of their own which to them seems never showed us the other side of the

dispute not because ye see not, for logical and final; they take the very picture. It is there that the book of

unscientific stand that beyond the Ether far surpasses all other comrealm of their own very limited exmentaries on human history. The

. ] perience nothing whatever exists I greatest of Greeks taught us, wrote

God's works to them look small, and Goethe, that "life on this earth is a they will never be cured of their hell."Farther than that they could

myopia until they are willing to face not go. But the book of Ether

facts and pass a test that only the teaches us that life on this earth can honest in heart can consider without be heaven, that there actually have a chill of aversion. The test is this: been many "before Christ came, who

"... if men come unto me, I will could not be kept from within the

show unto them their weakness. I veil, but truly saw with their eyes

give unto men weakness that they the things which they had beheld may be humble;... then will I make with an eye of faith, and they were

weak things become strong unto glad."(Ibid., 12:19.) Here we are

them."(Id., 27.) What man of the not dealing with the usual platitudes

world or posturing Ph.D. is ever going and truisims to the effect that if men

to ask for weakness? The men of the would only behave themselves and

world seek for the things of the world, help each other, they would have no the realities they know—and the troubles—men have always known

greatest of these are "power and that, only too well.

gain."Through the ages, the book of Ether shows us human society diEther assures us, men have sought vided into two groups, not the good

these things as their highest goal, and the bad as such, but those who and have invariably made the tragic have faith and those who do not.

discovery that the key to control over They live in totally different worlds, one's fellow men, i.e., the key to the one group in real heaven, the

power and gain, lies in three things: other in a real hell. In no uncertain

secrecy, organization, and freedom terms we are shown just what kind from moral scruples, especially from of world the faithless make for themsqueamishness in the matter of shedselves to live in. This is Moroni's

ding blood. Of these three things tract for our times. A generation ago

Moroni says: "the Lord worketh not the doings of the grim and bloody

—Photograph used by permission of in secret combinations, neither doth maniacs of the Asiatic steppe were as

Chamber of Commerce, Alexandria, Minn. he will that man should shed blood, far removed from the thought and

The Kensington Runestone but in all things hath forbidden it, (Concluded on page 550) 510 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA MILLIES NEW BONNET

by Leona Bammes Gardner

Millie gazed with satisfaction at the piece of handwoven cloth waving gently on the line.

"Oh, Mother, it's just perfect!"she

exclaimed. "Yes, Millie, it took the dye very well,"her mother replied.

"It's a beautiful yellow, Mother.

Look, it is just the shade of the daffowished there were enough for bered a bonnet her grandmother had dils Grandmother had on the south Priscilla, the sister two years younger worn on very special occasions side of her house. Oh—"Millie than herself, to have a new dress, dark red velvet it was, with yards

clapped her hand to her mouth in too. Somehow it seemed a little of red satin ribbon streamers and

dismay, suddenly conscious of having selfish of her to have a new dress satin lining and a big, big red rose said the wrong thing. She watched when Priscilla could not have one; set on the crown. But, of course,

her mother's eyes cloud with pain and but there was her old brown alpaca hers would have to be yellow.

her thin cheeks tighten. She rememthat was too small for her now, and Her mother's call broke into Milbered Grandmother's bitterness in if Mother put new lace at the neck, lie's dreams. There was too much to

that long ago day when her mother it would be almost as good as a new do in the house to be idle long.

had announced her intention of dress. What a lovely color the cloth Millie picked her way carefully back

joining the Church. Millie had not was! Sometimes the homemade dyes into the house. Her bare feet had

been very old at the time, but she didn't turn out so well, and then the not yet toughened enough for her remembered well the tears and recloth was streaked and ugly. She to run quickly, as was her habit. She

proaches, the unhappiness in the had worked so hard for this dress, wished briefly that she had another once happy and cheerful household. having carded and spun all the wool pair of shoes, so that she might not

She remembered her mother's anguish herself, after her mother had washed have to go barefoot again this sumwhen her grandfather delivered his it thoroughly. She had done most mer. At sixteen, one was a young

final edict: of the weaving, too, though Mother woman, and it was no longer digni-

"Chloe, if you go with those dadand Priscilla had helped. She was fied to run around in bare feet. In

ratted Mormons, you need never glad they had a few sheep of their the house she picked up her one pair darken this door again! You've alown, for cloth from the east was of shoes and looked at them again.

ready brought disgrace upon the expensive and hard to get, and there They were very shabby, and the house that has sheltered you these was certainly no money for anything soles were thin. If she were to have

many years by consorting with those like that now. She would help any shoes to wear to church, sheupstarts, those—"but here words Priscilla weave cloth for a dress right would have to take good care of

failed him for the moment. "Claimaway, and perhaps by fall she could these. She shrugged her shoulders

ing to have seen have a new dress, too. philosophically. Oh, well, what did visions—pah! Why

can't you be satisfied with your own Millie wished desperately, as any it matter if she went barefoot around religion?"sixteen -yearold girl might, that she the house? Her new dress would

The words rang again in Millie's could have a new bonnet to go with cover the shabby shoes when she head, but she was too young and the dress—to wear to the Pioneer went to church, anyway.

light of heart to brood long over the day celebration. Her mother could Millie looked up in time to see a

past. She surveyed with justifiable get the dress made by then, she team and wagon stop before their

pride the results of months of hard hoped, but, oh, for a bonnet with front door. She ran out and watched

work. She was to have a new dress flowers and lace, and yards and two men unload a heavy wooden

out of the lovely yellow cloth. She yards of satin ribbon! She remem- (Continued on page 534)

JULY 1952 511 of Salem MELCHIZEDEK...KING

A Dm LkaneS C-. *Maqqertaaeriu

PARTI the roster of the world's great and wine, and they remained together in father. One will face considerable

the valley of Melech.* difficulty, therefore, in provingONmen in the preMosaic times

appear the names of such ilThis view is supported by the fact Shem and the king of Salem to be lustrious figures as Adam, Enoch, that the genealogical data of Genethe same person.

age ofNoah, Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob. sis chapter eleven reveals that Shem Rise of Paganism—The

One of Abraham's lessknown conwas a contemporary of Abraham Melchizedek was a period of Hamtemporaries, however, deserves a and outlived him by thirtyfive itic domination among the ancient rank of honor with even these noyears. nations. Egypt, which had been

table patriarchs. He is Melchizedek, settled by Egyptus, the daughter of

king of Salem. He has sometimes While the foregoing appears posHam, and her sons, had risen in

been regarded as human and as disible, it is also highly questionable. power and had extended her sway

vine, as historical and as mythologIn the first place this theory of the into the TigrisEuphrates valleys, ical, being "without father, without identity of Melchizedek receives no religiously if not politically. The

mother, without descent, having confirmation from any authentic Pharoah of that period was probneither beginning of days, nor end scripture, ancient or modern. The ably not the son of Egyptus but

of life."1 Book of Jasher, so most scholars another bearing the same name or

believe, only the dates from Middle title. the Egyptians Thus, were the The Name Melchizedek—In little consequently, imporAges; repreHamites. Hamites were The isoriginal MalkiHebrew his name

its stateto tance attached can be sented in Palestine the by Canaaniszedek. derived from The Malchi

literafor the rabbinical ment. As ites in 22; 9:18, (Gen. 10:6) andthe melek which word Hebrew

ture, the of indiweight evidence his Mesopotamia Nimrod and by issignifies "king"; Xedek from and

cedhek meaning "righteousness"; cates that the rabbis [Jewish priests] followers.

therefore, the literal meaning of the identified Melchizedek with Shem Of the Canaanites who inhabited for for argumentative rather than the as of Palestine same section of righteousness."is "kingname He historical reasons principally so ( 1 ) says: Melchizedek, Dr. Lordis called sometimes as Adonizedek,

that they could refute the Alexin the Book o[ Jasherf Adoni is a andrian doctrine of noncircumcision They are supposed in their invasions derivative of adhon, meaning "masto have conquered the aboriginal inhabter or lord,"hence master or lord for proselytes, and (2) that they itants, whose remote origin is veiled in might defend themselves against retained obscurity, impenetrable but who religion. of the primitive some principles saidof righteousness. what of Christ being was a

It is even possible that Melchizedek, the Who was Melchizedek?—That high priest like Melchizedek. The

of unconquered King Salem who blessed hisMelchizedek is not real name is scholarly that consensus original those to people belonged their Abram, titlebut is maintained an honorary claims are historical not based on origin. of Semitic Nevertheless were who

by some, and this assumption may fact. the Canaanites, or Hamitic tribes, were at

not the improbable in seem view of In a revelation received by the this time the dominant inhabitants. 7fact that occasionally a man's name

was changed as a result of some Prophet Joseph Smith in 1832, the With the Canaanitish conquests following appears in reference to went their idolatrous worship,outstanding event or circumstance in his life. Two men whose names the descent of the High Priesthood: Baalism probably had its inception

were so changed were Esau who was renamed Edom, and Jacob who was later called Israel. In the Hag-... so Melchizedek ordained Abraham and sent

gada and in the apocryphal Book him away. Abraham rejoiced, saying, now I have

of Jasher, Melchizedek is identified a priesthood.

with Shem, the son of Noah. (Teachings of the Prophet Joseph

To the Jewish propagandists of AlexSmith, pp. 322323.)

andria who were eager to win proselytes to Judaism without submitting them to the rite of circumcision, Melchizedek ap- "Which Abraham received the about this time. Among other things

especialpealed with of force as a type a priesthood from Melchizedek, who it was characterized by human sacmonotheist of or time the preAbrahamic of the nonJewish race like Enoch. Like received it through the lineage of rifice and gross sensuality. Sodom

Enoch, too, he was apotheosized. his fathers, even till Noah."(Italics and Gomorrah even became so

The rabbis of later generations rather ours. ) If Shem and Melchizedek wicked that God in his mercy deantagonistic to the cosmopolitan monothewere identical, how could Melchizestroyed them. Many of the ancients,

identified ofism Alexandria Melchizedek... 3 dek receive the priesthood "through including Terah the father of the ancestorwith Shem, of Abraham.

And Adonizedek, king of Jerusalem, the the lineage of his fathers even till Abraham, apostatized from the same was Shem went out with his men Noah?"It is obvious that no fathers Church. Noah remained true to

to meet Abram and his people with bread could exist between a son and his God, but among his descendants 512 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA It being after the order of the Son of

God; which order came, not by man,

nor the will of man; neither by father

nor mother; neither by beginning of days

nor end of years but of God;

And it was delivered unto men by the calling of his own voice, according to his own will, unto as many as believed on his name.

For God having sworn unto Enoch and unto his seed with an oath by himself;

that every one being ordained after this order and calling should have power, by faith, to break mountains, to divide the seas, to dry up waters, to turn them out of their course;

To put at defiance the armies of nations, to divide the earth, to break every band, to stand in the presence of God;

to do all things according to his will, according to his command, subdue principalities and powers; and this by the will

of the Son of God which was from before the foundation of the world.

And men having this faith, coming up unto this order of God, were translated and taken up into heaven.

Melchisedek now, was a priest And... 10 this order. after

The foregoing statement is one of the most comprehensive and most inspiring of all recorded references relating to the power of the Holy

Priesthood.

The Question of Historicity—

Paul probably had access to the scripture of Genesis 14:28 similar

to those recorded in the Inspired

Revision as he refers in his epistle to the Hebrews in almost identical words. Unfortunately, the Authorized Version of Hebrews 7:3 has

caused some confusion. It speaks

of Melchizedek as being:

Without father, without mother, without descent, having neither beginning of days, nor end of life, but made like unto the Son of God; abideth a priest continuonly the staunchest were able to the three Hebrew children. Unally. 11

resist the ruthless, sensual, and aldoubtedly the lad had attained the luring apostate religion. Many who age when he had sufficient compreThis quotation has been used by

would not accept the new religion hension of God to "fear"or love some to discredit the historicity of were sacrificed as the priest of him. Was he cast into a den of Melchizedek. The matter is clariElkenah attempted to do to Abralions and a fiery furnace for his fied, however, when one applies the

ham. Such was the condition of convictions? One may speculate, statement to the priesthood instead

the world that but few remained but the scriptures give no further of the man. That passage was corfaithful to the God of Noah. information. Except for the forerected by Joseph Smith to read:

quotation, going Melchizedek's nothing is known Childhood—The

theProphet the childhood, parentage, inspired of Joseph Smith's or priestFor afterthis theMelchisedecorder of thewas Sonordainedof God,a translation of the Holy Scriptures the youth of Melchizedek. which order was without father, without

is the most extensive source availMelchizedek Receives the Priest"mother, without descent, having neither life. of end nor of days, And beginningable life. only concerning Melchizedek Melchizedek's was hood—Not this unto ordained are those who his child a obedient as also childhood, but the says: as a all recordOf of like the unto Son are priesthood made

12 his obedience man, and young by continually. priest abiding a God,

faith, Melchisedek a was Now man of the he merited Priesthood Holy righteousness; wroughtwho and when a which he received from some rightPaul is here explaining that Christchild he feared the stopped God and

of law a higher gospel God. man lions, had instituted ofmouths 8 and quenched the vioeous

fire. oflence than that a higher priesthood

thus, having been approved of and And

God, he was ordained an high priest of the Mosaic Dispensation. It was

This contains elements similar to after the order of the covenant which a wellknown fact that Abraham the experiences of Daniel and of God made unto Enoch, {Continued on following page)

JULY 1952 513 MELCHIZEDEK... KING Of SALEM

had paid tithes to Melchizedek. Now, there were many before him, and the blessings of the fathers, and the right

I there but none should were whereunto be ordained to admany afterwards,Paul reasoned, therefore, that the also [the therefore, minister the greater; of him they same; been myself having were

subordiorderwhole a Mosiac was of particularly follower desiring also righteousness, prophets] have more Hebrew also Christ since he 19 {Italicsnate to ours.) possessed great mention. knowledge, to be one who was a made

greater follower to a of righteousbe and like priesthigh Melchizedek. Some

greater to ness, possess knowledge, a and thatthink used Melchizedek Paul and.. was. thereforecalled hetheobtainedPrince peaceof peace.in Salem to of nations, father a be and many

as a prototype of Christ; conseAnd his people wrought righteousness, prince of peace, and desiring to receivea

quently, his Messianic similarity and obtained heaven, and sought for the instructions, and to keep the commandbefore of which had Enoch God heir, of rightful God, ments that a stressed. / became claim he city Thesewas

it the earth, taken, having separating from right the Priest, belonging a holding High his of reason (a) a type "bywas it the latter or the days, reserved unto fathers. to the

king, dignity... as a priesttwofold and world; the end of It [the priesthood] conferred upon wa

(b) by reason of his name 'king And this Melchisedek, having thus esme from the fathers,20 it came down from of justice'(righteousness), (c) by tablished righteousness, was called the the fathers, from the beginning of time, city of the which overreason he kingwords,of theheavenKingbyof hispeace.people,17 or, in other yeathe foundationseven from ofthethebeginning,earth to theor presentbefore that ofruled, 'King is, king Salem,

peace.... "13 He was a missionary of great time,the firstevenman,the rightwho ofis Adam,the firstborn,our firstonftMelchizedek, King of Salem—faith and ability, and to that faith father, through the fathers, unto me.

Whether Melchizedek became king he added works. Such a task could I sought for mine appointment unto the

to the appointment according hisof ordinaor after before Salem of Priesthood use accomplished only by the be the unto of concerning the fathers God is identition 21 stated. is not Salem It is effort. untime and much (Italics seed. ours.)

fied in oldest the with Jerusalem his likely that missionary work (To be concluded) available;sources 1* so asone may of conversion the with ceased

sume that Melchizedek ruled in the Salem. As the work at home beBIBLIOGRAPHY

Holy City. It was then surrounded came less pressing, it is highly probHebrews 7:3.

by the Canaanite cities of Sodom, able that Melchizedek and some of 2Book of Jasher 16:11.

Gomorrah, Admah, Zeboim, and Behis converts extended their work Jewish Encyclopedia Vol. 8, p. 450.

la, or Zoar, all of which were small even into the Tigris and Euphrates 'BookBOmittedof fromJashertext.16:11.

citystates each under a king who valleys which was their fatherland. "Doctrine and Covenants 84:14.

Lord, Prophets. Jewish Heroes and 7Johnin allegiance to a greater turn owed Conversion The Abraham—of

first series) Lights of History,ruler. of The government scriptures say do not Salem, The 34. that any p.(Beacon

at least, seems to have been patriconverts were made beyond Salem 8 I. R.: Genesis 14:26. I. R. is used to

inarchal Melchizedek form since of the ordination Joseph Smith's revision of the but by designate Abraham

Bible. his father.""did reign 15 After under interestraises Melchizedek"some

the death of the great high priest, ing questions. Did Abraham refollowing"Some believeimplications:that theThepassage"orderhascame,the

the city became Canaanite either ceive the priesthood in Ur of the not by man (it was not man's by innate by apostasy and fusion of race or Chaldees or in Salem? The scripright) nor the will of man (the priesthood

by conquest, for the Israelites had tures do not state specifically where isnornotmotheroriginated(it doesby man)not; comeneitherasbya fatherright

to Melchizedek—thereconquer it in the daysMissionary—of David. maythe ordinationbe impliedtookfromplace,the writtenbut it ofernment)patriarchalneitherrulebynorbeginningmatriarchalof yearsgovDuring the great apostasy from the record that he received his priestend(law ofof yearsthe firstborn,(law of primogeniture)the last born, norunreligion of Noah even the people hood in Chaldea. timogeniture)...."

of Salem began to adopt the wicked Abraham says that his fathers 10I. R.: Genesis 14:2733.

practices of the surrounding nahad "turned from their righteous- "Authorized Version of Hebrews 7:3.

tions. Melchizedek was alone, but ness, and from the holy command- M I. R.: Hebrews 7:3. It would appear

to author the had access of Hebrewsunmoved. had access Alma who their the ments Lord which of Revision the Inspired text God thatthe of Geneplates"to the "brass conwhich unto unto them, the worhad given sis 14:2729.

tained the history of the Jews from shiping of the gods of the heathen. lsCatholic Encyclopedia Vol. 10, p. 157.

the beginning until Lehi left Jeru-... "19 Knowing that this condition "Many scholars regard Salem and Jeru-

.. commenta-. the threesalem said of the king of Salem: existed it would be only natural for Targumim,salem as identical.all the "Josephuslater Jewish

to the to reclaim attempt. church tors, believing 'Salem'and Jerome this a king over Melchizedek was Now

to of 'Jerusalem,'shortened a. form., be the apostates missionary work. by his of landthe people Salem; and had

it place...."latter identify with the The that scriptures indicate the gosin iniquity strong The abomination; andwaxed 10:650. Tel Encyclopedia, Jewish The

yea, they had all gone astray; they were pel was taught to Abraham in ElAmarna tablets also lend some support

full of all manner of wickedness; Chaldea and that he received it and to this assumption.

exercised But having Melchizedek 13:18. "Alma priestthat also for the he sought faith, office the of receivedmighty and the 13:1719. brass 16Alma When testimony: hood. Consider his own the to priesthoodthe according high holy

tell forth they plates of Laban come may of preach unto didorder repentance God, of Melchizedek. more In the the us land of the at Chaldeans,his repent; people. did they behold And

"I. 36. 34, Genesis 14:33, R. of father, residence I, Abraham, saw my establish did in Melchizedek peaceand

the land in his days; therefore he was that it was needful for me to obtain an18Doctrine and Covenants 84:14.

called the prince of peace, for he was the other place of residence; 1BAbraham 1:5.

king of Salem; and he did reign under And, finding there was greater happiness Mcf. Doctrine and Covenants 84:14.

his father. and peace and rest for me, I sought for 21Abraham 1:1-4.

514 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA TINJEIx k4xele

HEBER J. GRANT, have indicated the indictment that the lies in the fact that the gifted, sparkling

THE LIFE OF A GREAT LEADER author issues against citizens of the adolescent, Anne Frank, was the victim (Bryant S. Hinckley. Deseret Book ComUnited States. of the tragedy of man's prejudice. The

pany. 1951. 264 pages. $2.50.) A basic cause is war—and the only book is a bitter indictment of war and

Derhaps no man now living has had possible solution will be the return to indicates its devastating effects on longer or more understanding asdecency and righteousness. human beings. This diary will afford

sociation with President Heber J. Grant The solution will come with the parents and teachers of youth an amazthan Bryant S. Hinckley, the author of implementation "of our faith by our ing insight into the life of an adolesthis brief biography. With Brother thoughts and words and actions.""The cent.—M. C. /.

Hinckley's colorful and characteristic real challenge,"the author states, "is economy of words, the spirit of Presito the individual, who must realize his CAMPING FOR ALL IT'S WORTH responsibility to the nation he is dent Grant's labors porpersonal life and E. (William Swanson. Macmillan, New

believes in."loves and satisfying trayed in a sincere and way, York. 1952. 154 pages. $2.95.)

including his ancestry, childhood and This is a slender volume that it would rjTfo many wouldbe campers this book for every in person the well United be of difficulties hisyouth, busisome and to will great as stimulus a come to States to take read ponder and and life,ness experiences, his family his for forth outof- in the venture fun heart. C. M. J. service, hisChurch and community and of doors. practical Full suggestions

great qualities of character, including many of which can be used in the city friendships SONG NIGHT IN THE philanthropies. and Someday trips, as as well the camping book on Lawrence. (Josephine William Morrow write a larger longersomeone may and

is initial cost. well the worth To York. 1952. $3.50.) 349 pages. of Co., Newbiography President this & Grant, but

first for are those the camping who one by Brother Hinckley will serve the jliss Lawrence knows how to strike time, as well as to the seasoned camper, purpose well until time has sifted the vital issues in her novels. This the book has many worthwhile conof material that pertains great mass takes as the current to one its theme "potributions to make.—M. C. /.President Grant's active life long and lice its results action"and on the lives

vital associationand his with a signifiof Mrs. Miller parfamily, the Miller LEGENDS AND LORE century.cant R. L. E. ticularly. eldest Since her son had OF MISSOURI died in World War II, she could not

WINDOWS FOR THE face the fact that her second son might (Earl A. Collins. The Naylor Co., San

CROWN PRINCE have to go into the service. However, Antonio, Texas. 1951. 115 pages. $2.50.)

(Elizabeth Gray Vining. J. B. Lippincott she at last comes to recognize the fact As the foreword states, "Not all the

Co., New York. 1952. 320 pages. $4.00.) that parents must permit their children history of a people is found in text-

"\17ith the clear insight Mrs. Vining to make some of their own decisions. books."The collection offers insight

has shown in her biographies of—M. C. /. into community life when folklore fursuch men as William Penn and her nished one of the diversions in a day

sense of the dramatic as evidenced in THE HEALING WOODS when storytelling, not television or her fiction such as Adam of the Road, (Martha Reben. Crowell & Co., New radio, flourished. This book will be

she has brought to her new assignment York. 1952. 250 pages. $3.00.) invaluable as a source book for writers

the warmth of an understanding heart "pOR spring and summer reading this who wish to revive the period, as well intelligent desireand an servto be of particularly is a stimulating—at

ice in a frequently at world too the as interesting to the general—M.reader.C. /. that it is a restful book. time war. same

In opening Windows for the Crown Martha Reben, close to death when

Prince, Mrs. Vining has indeed opened she decided to take the desperate chance HISTORY OF LEHI

windows for all who will read her book. to regain health through living in the (Published by Lehi Ward, Mesa, AriMisunderstanding will be replaced with woods, hired a guide and started on zona. 1952. 47 pages. $1.00.)

understanding; lack of consideration her search. Her response to the wild HPhis diamond jubilee booklet of the

with consideration—to the end that life around her and the beauty of the Lehi Ward in Mesa, Arizona, is

friendship may once again flourish. woods make delightful reading. She replete with source materials of a rare

—M. C. J. found, even as the reader will find, nature—which should be preserved for

peace and understanding together with every community in the Church. Brief

THE RETURN TO MORALITY a true sense of values as she shed the biographies of the founders of Lehi as (Charles W. Tobey. Doubleday & Co., conformity of city life for the release well as the history of the community

Inc., New York. 1952. 123 pages. $2.00.) of the woods.—M. C. /. under its bishops increase the human

Tn the preface to this book the author interest as well as the genuine value asks the challenging questions: "Have ANNE FRANK of the publication. Of specific interest

we not... eome a long way from the (The Diary of a Young Girl. Transto the students of Book of Mormon and

true meaning of freedom? Have we lated from the Dutch. Doubleday & Indian history is the information of

not come a long way from the true Co., Garden City, N.Y. 1952. 285 pages. "Prehistoric Lehi,"with its map of the

meaning of God?"Then the author $3.00.) prehistoric canals, as well as prehistoric

proceeds to develop the thesis in three 'HThe long, deep thoughts of youth mounds in the vicinity.

lucid sections: The Indictment, The together with the childlike responses This commendable publication preCauses, and The Solution. Gambling, to life and growth—are found in serves history that otherwise might be

organized crime, political machines, all abundance in this book. The heartbreak lost.—M. C. J.

JULY 1952 515 tans in Newtowne (now Cambridge),

Genealogy—Massachusetts. He was a very able

."ofandtheinspiringfreedom preacher,of the peopleand tohischooseideas

their were very much own leaders "The Hearts of The Children.. a of his time. As such in advance

leader he and his followers founded by Emma Dunn King Hartford where he was pastor of the Hartford church until his"death in 1647.

Mrs. Harriet King Hutchinson, experiences of the King ancestors When we filled out our pedigreeTowife of the late Dr. William such as, chart to send in for filing, we found

Hutchinson, Pueblo, Colorado, the Elizabeth Fuller King reared her daughwe lacked four names to complete as of ters in of she calls habits industry lace making. genealogy,"and"hobby line. chart about the on one And

preElizabeth mother by was Her Queen into she delved born whenit, was this Harriet time Hutchinson Aunt of linen, careafterwards piece sented a a credentials tree to produce familyher us. to visit while day fully to came her preserved given heirloom One and

to join the Daughters of the American daughter, Agnes. chatting with her, I remarked that

it on that timeRevolution. From she the copying were book had we And,

says, and she blood,""inwas my to a regular compiled, complete and the acof party one Robert was Day years, bought searchedshe many four chart pedigree family needed we Hooker, Rev. companying Thomas who obtain to leadsbooks, ran and down that she names. answered She to Hartford, had from Cambridge Conwalked

the records on fifteen lines of her necticut, in 1636 to settle, and his name not brought any of her genealogical relative, sandwichedfamily. that of This was another Nathaniel hobby with records her, look she but with would

is in erected Hartford, Ely, a on monument life as of two motherinto her busy in she birthday always an old book first settlers. to the grandmother,children, homemaker carried. that she She added was

for her husband, and her activities This account struck a familiar certain the records wanted would in Methodist Church circles and chord, and I turned to my greatnot be there, but she would send women's clubs. grandfather's history and read: them on her return home if she had

She compiled her family record Lieutenant William Pratt and his wife, the information. As she thumbed

first settlers of presented a Elizabeth, the Hartin form and pamphlet among of the through the pages somewhat ford, Connecticut, Rev. accompanied Thomas of brothers her to and eachcopy book, she pulled a small out worn of party about one and hundred Hookersisters, a convert husband, -thus my its folds. several paper unfolded and wilderness dense through a in number,

to the Church, obtained these recto settle in what is now Hartford, ConShe looked at it for a moment and ords to begin the vicarious work for necticut. said, "These are the parents of John

his ancestors. So our ancestors had traveled toHansford and Hannah Dillingham."

After his baptism in 1947, his ingether! As we read of these people Here were our names! We witnessed

terest in the family records grew. and became acquainted with our relathe hand of the Lord helping us in

Soon after he was ordained an elder, tives of 1616 and 1636, we learned a most profound manner.

the first place he was called to serve to know them and love them as our This first portion of our work was on the ward genealogical comfamily. That these progenitors were reached its culmination July 11, 1950,

mittee; later he became chairman of among the small group of one hunwhen we motored to the Idaho Falls

the committee. I was to serve with dred who followed Reverend Hooker Temple. It was a most glorious exhim, and the work was new to both of tells us much of their character and perience for us all, for after a memus. The Lord provides ways, we philosophy of life. Reverend Hooker bership in the Church of Jesus Christ

were soon to learn. was born in England and educated of Latterday Saints for three years

The first assignment from the at Cambridge where he attended which had placed upon my husband

Blaine (Idaho) Stake committee was Emmanuel College, the intellectual the responsibility as heir to his famto copy the cemetery records, and center of Puritanism. His religious ily, he officiated in the vicarious*

we learned there could be difficulties activities brought upon him the cenwork of confirming 355 ancestors and in obtaining permission to do so. But sure of Archbishop Laud, and Hooker others.

in mysterious "the ways Lord moves fled in to America 1632 where he

I the Behold, Elijah prophet will send you for it his to perform,"wonders was pastor of a became of Purigroup great before of the the dreadful coming and about this time that my husband was day of the Lord:

asked if he would serve as a member And he shall turn the heart of the of the cemetery board. Would he? SUNDAY fathers to the children, and the heart of

He gladly accepted. In that capacity the children to their fathers, lest I come

By Elizabeth Travis Martin and smite the earth with a curse. (Malachiwe obtained the books and copied all

4:5-6.) the records, which later were checked A bright and yellow ball, the sun escapes at the cemetery with the kind as- * And rolls into the empty yard of blue. Truly this spirit rests with Aunt

daily, so This the earth stated, for she perhaps Harriet Huchinson, sistance of the sexton. little is else Accepts to do happensit—there

I will be I have the "Any information peek-a-boo one by one And watches to make our "first We decided mistakes"on our own group sheets GatheringOf little cloudcollectiveheads courage,scanning theyher domain.pursue glad to send to you."Our prayer

before undertaking the task of asTheir wayward toy and, when it's caught for her is that she may have the joy sisting a ward member. And thus again, of doing for herself that which she

began the copying of the King famTheystoppingrun fromto explain.earth's dark look, not has made more easily done for those

ily records. We read the interesting who are dead.

516 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA EVELYN FIXED THE WHEEl

by Isabelle W. Anderson

Walton's group and a Brother B—

That one night on the desert with four small children, going to the with Apaches killed all deUtah. Brother B—had only two travel. further for sire

horses, and most of the way had been uphill. He had often remarked that

he couldn't have kept up with the company if Mrs. Walton hadn't

pulled him up these steep inclines with her two teams.

Near Kanab, Utah, the roads became grooved and deeply furrowed.

all Mrs. impassable. but were They supper. early of story prepared an the Pima, the and all remember

diffiof deep one pulled out Walton fire signal to their hairnot did wish the proverbial with TheyWewoman another. She into right had culty

visitors isn't on that they the had only the Apaches hairpin pin. A over worst the to was begun did Indians the reservation. But the a cancontrivance which with woman

it front wheels when happened—thethink tell to light they bad a not them need miracles. Evelyn Walton, Takework

in She urged a mudhole. locked

to at were bed went The travelersfor example, who lived in Eden, Ariguests.

carefully, coaxhorses her and eased in a early twilight, bed the boyszona.

Once upon a time, as most true under the wagon, the girls and women ing with all the power at her command. Then there was a jerk and a box. hardly the this in It wasstories wagon to be exact, begin—and crash! voices before they heard dark and of 1877 in the springone began

Mrs. Walton was returning home horses being ridden around their Mrs. Walton was out of the wagon

from Pima, Arizona, when something camp. The women were helpless in an instant. All of the spokes in

one the Apaches knew prided with occurred.very She unusual fear—they frightened, wheel werepanicky—whatbroken. Shecouldbecameshe past cruelties. Indians from matterof- Theherself a plain, on being

fact woman; there was nothing out stayed close until a few hours before do? Nine people were stranded on a

of the ordinary about Evelyn. As daylight, when they left as suddenly lonely, desert road. A ray of hope

wasshe was driving along, halfway across as they appeared, and no one was lay in the fact that Brother B—

the Gila River bridge, it was made harmed. As the first streaks of dawn behind them. How grateful she was

asthat she so much him had given desert, lighting the the began preup that if she did not to herknown trail. he sistance back on the Now home. back for party was That leave on its way immediately thepare and

home of her mother in Utah, she one night on the desert with the would help her. She remembered a

would not see her alive again. Apaches killed all desire for further rope he was using to make a bed.

projections the into holes boring By travel. to back halfway But Pima horses forward. the urged She She rope the box, laced he of the wagon friends they of a going company met get her hushurrymust and home into these backward and forward to Arizona, Holbrook, and knowing incithis to reaction strangeband's a comfortable bed holes and made there safety in they was numbers sinrealizeddent. the Walton Tom children. for his turned to their again continue around of wife.cerity his anxiety She and

page 525) {Continued on to journey Utah. a wonderful helpmate andwas

mother, and no sacrifice on his part The trip was without incident until would prevent her from taking this they came to the crossing of the Gila trip. River. The stream was swollen near

The wagon was rebuilt. Although to overflowing with the spring runthe spring farm work hadn't really off. A cable had been stretched

begun, his wife should take four of across the water, and the men built their best horses. Tom could depend a small wooden raft which could be

on his neighbors for help. towed forward and back. Although

In a few days Mrs. Walton, with her they were helped by some soldiers

six children, a neighbor woman and across the river, it took three days to her nineteenyear-old daughter, were get people, provisions, the wagons on their way. Everything went fine (which had to be taken apart), and

the first day out. They camped at the horses over the river.

Fort Thomas, nearly twelve miles from At Holbrook the party divided, Mrs.

JULY 1952 517 SOUTH LOS ANGELES STAKE, first row, left to right: President

William Noble Waite;

Clifford B. Wright,

first counselor; and

Harold F. Wbittier, second counselor; MarThe ERAS

vin E. Jacobson, Y.M.

M.I.A. Superintendent;

Edna Harris, Y.W.M.I.A.

president.

STAKE, DAVIS SOUTH row, left to March of second right: President ThomCalvin as Amby Briggs;

Y.M.M.I.A. trict—Southern States Mission; GeorChristenson,

Alice superintendent; giaFlorida District—Southern States Y.W. R. Glissmeyer,

president; Rob- M.I.A. Mission; Mississippi District—South- Y.M. ert Ashdown,

M.I.A. Era director; ern States Mission; North Alabama

Arbuckle, Y.W. Bernice

director. M.I.A. Era District—Southern States Mission;

Mississippi third North STAKE, MOAPA District—Southern

Presiright: to row, left States Mission; Carolina DisSouth Myers; Thomas dent

Wendel, Joseph W. trict—Southern States Mission; South superinten- Y.M.M.I.A.

Lueen dent; J. King, Florida District—Southern States president; Y.W.M.I.A.

Jereld H. Cameron, Y.M. Mission; South Georgia District

Era M.I.A. director; Southern States Mission; West Florida Cameron, Mrs. Jereld

Era direc- Y.W.M.I.A. District—Southern States Mission; tor.

MOUNT OGDEN STAKE, West South Carolina District row, left fourth to Southern States Mission; Lake DisOlin H. President right:

T. UnderRirie; James Central States Mission; sutrict—North Y.M.M.I.A. wood,

perintendent; Lucile Red River District—North Central Stratford, Y.W.M.I.A.

president; D. Ray WilStates Mission.

kinson, Y.M.M.I.A. Era

director, Mrs. Reba Standard Citation Winners Y.W.M.I.A. Hendricks,

Era director.

STAKE, fifth Stakes PHOENIX to right: row, left Evans Percent of Quota David President

Sr.; Bernard Heywood, Y.M. *South Los Angeles, 496%; *San F. Magnussen,

Superintendent; M.I.A. Diego, South 491%; Carolina, 341%; Y.W.M.I.A. Bond, Fay TOTAL SUBSCRIPTIONS

Miles president. RomSpokane, *Moapa, 321%; 304%;

diEra ney, Y.M.M.I.A.

rector, Melba Romney, Union, 294%; Florida, 287%; *Yelgreat Era Era direcsubscription Y.W.M.I.A.Another

tor. Double Citation Winners history. campaign is now

L It has truly been a remarkable TOTAL SUBSCRIPTIONS demonstration of loyalty and cooperaYELLOWSTONE STAKE, tion with outstanding results. Presidentfirst row, leftWilliamto right:J.

The Improvement Era now goes Y.M.M.I.A.Lewis; RoyalsuperintenJensen,

into more homes of members, friends, dent; Myrtle W. Rudd,

and investigators and is read by more RobertY.W.M.I.A.Barclay,president;Y.M.

people than at any other time in its M.I.A.Veda Smith,Era Y.W.M.I.A.director;

history. It also goes to more serviceEra director.

men than at any time since the last NORTHsecond DAVISrow, leftSTAKE,to war and to more Lamanites than right:Harold PresidentHolt; toyGeorgeF.

ever before. The "Readand-KeepBlake,perintendent;Y.M.M.I.A.Cora Kilsu-

TheImprovement-Era"campaign foyle, Y.W.M.I.A. presitruly has been "the greatest campaign dent;Y.M.M.I.A.GeorgeEraS. Stuart,direcin Era history."Y.W.M.I.A.tor; Leda EraM. director.Stuart,

Citations Extraordinary BLACKFOOTthird row, left toSTAKE,right:

President Parley A.

Missions Arave;er, Y.M.M.I.A.P. Merrill superPack-

Southern States intendent,Y.W.M.I.A. Lolapresident;Bitten,

Stakes M.I.A.Leonard EraBriggs,director;Y.M.

South Los Angeles AdrienneM.I.A. EraBriggs,director.Y.W.

Leader of Leaders Citations SOUTHSTAKE, fourthIDAHOrow,FALLSleft to right; President CeStakes cilmers,E. Hart;Y.M.M.I.A.Loran Sumsu-

Y.W.M.I.A. Orme, San Diego Stake; South Los Angeles perintendent;ence Mrs. Florpresident; M.Stake. Y.M.M.I.A. EraJ. director.Wright,

LONG BEACH STAKE, Mission Districts fifth row, left to right:

President Virgil H.

C. William Spongberg; Alabama District—Southern States suPrice, Y.M.M.I.A.

perintendent; Mrs. DorMission; Central Florida District

Barnes, Y.W.M.I.A. othy

Southern States Mission; Georgia Dispresident, Rodney Price,

518 tor;Y.M.M.I.A.FlorenceEra direcPrice,

Y.W.M.I.A. Era director.

SAN DIEGO STAKE, first row, left to right:

President Wallace W.

Johnson; Lowell Anderson, Y.M.M.I.A. superintendent; Mrs. Kay

Colder, Y. W. M. I. A.

president; Cyrus W.

Greaves, Y.M.M.I.A. Era

director.

SOUTH CAROLINA STAKE, second row, to right: President

Wallace McBride;Progress leftW.

O. Harold Joyner, Y.M.

M.I.A. superintendent;

Alice Timmons, Y.W.

M.I.A. president; Archel

D. Sanders, Y.M.M.I.A.

Era director; Bertha N. Continues Cook, Y.W.M.I.A. Era

director. by John D. Giles SPOKANErow, left STAKE,to right:third

BUSINESS MANAGER Presidentgan; WendellAlbertH. I.JacobMor-

sen, Y.M.M.I.A. superlowstone, 279%; *Los Angeles, 266%; intendent;Y. M. M. I.KeithA. superinCollier,

Young, 260%; *South Davis, 251%; tendent;Y.W.MJ.A.Olivepresident;M. Jones,

*Big Horn, 247%; *South Idaho EldonEra director.Jones, Y.M.M.I.A.

Falls, 247%; Minidoka, 240%; LethUNION STAKE, fourth

bridge, 231%. Presidentrow, left Milanto right:D.

Total Subscriptions Y.M.M.I.A.Smith; AltonsuperintendBaxter,

*South Los Angeles, 2,307; *San Y.W.M.I.A.ent; Naomi president;E. Perry,

Diego, 1,609; *South Davis, 1,565 JamesY.M.M.I.A.H. EraThompson,director; Mrs. Thelma Buck- *Moapa, 1,375; Mt Ogden, 1,110 waiter, Y.M.M.I.A.

Phoenix, 1,088; *Yellowstone, 1,070 director. Efa

North Davis, 1,057; Blackfoot, 1,041 FLORIDArow, left toSTAKE,right: Presififth

*Los Angeles, 965; *Big Horn, 929 dent Alvin C. Chace;

*South Idaho Falls, 915; Long Beach, EdwardM.I.A. H.superintendent;Murray, Y.M.

869. M.I.A.Elsie Starling,president; Y.W.Mrs.

Ollie Mae Avery, Y.W.

Missions M.I.A. Era director.

PERCENT OF QUOTA Percent of Quota *Southern States, 661%; *North LOS ANGELES STAKE, 384%; *Eastern States, 368%; Westright: first row, left to Central States, 591%; Canadian,

President Rusern Canadian, 362%; New England, John M.

son; Lynn George Hog338%. gan, su- Y.M.M.I.A. PERCENT OF QUOTA

perintendent; ErMiss

Neilson, Y.W.M.I.A. ma

president; H. Missions Harvey

Sessions, Y.M.M.I.A.

Dorothy Era director;

Era Total Subscriptions Kenison, Y.W.M.I.A.

director. *Southern States, 4,839; *Eastern

YOUNG STAKE, second row, left to right: PresiStates, 1,097; *North Central States,

C. Stoldent Willard

A. 1,022; Great Lakes, 988; West Central Claude worthy;

suDecker, Y.M.M.I.A.

i e States, 886. perintendent; S a 1 1

Decker, Y. W. M. I. A. Stakes or missions with stars are Virgil president; W.

Era Slade, Y.M.M.I.A.

Mrs. Virgil director; W. double citation winners. As both

Slade, Y.W.M.I.A. Era citations appear on the same plaque

director.

BIG HORN STAKE, and the plan calls for ten stakes and third row, left to right: four missions in each group to be

President Frank H.

Brown; Brownie J. awarded citations, where one group

suBrown; Y.M.M.I.A.

is a double citation winner, another perintendent; Gladys

Emmett, president; Y. WallaceW. M. I. A. is moved to the list making a total

Y.M.M.I.A. Baird, Era of ten different stakes and four difdirector; Mrs. Bertha

Baird, Y.W.M.I.A. Era ferent missions being awarded citadirector.

tions in each class.

MINIDOKA STAKE, fourth row, left to right:

Davis President Green; Greatest Percent of Gain Williams, James H.

Y.M.M.I.A. superintendent; Lamona Hymas, Missions

president; Y.W.M.I.A.

Emanuel Kerbs, Y.M.

Era director; M.I.A. Kerbs, *New England Mission, 102 points Mrs. Emanuel

Y.W.M.I.A. Era direcGreatest gain in percent of quota.

tor.

STAKE, LETHBRIDGE right: Western States Mission, 69% fifth row, left to

Octave President W. Highest percent of gain in total Donald LivUrsenbach;

ingstone, Y.M.M.I.A. subscriptions.

superintendent; Emily

Stringam, Y.W.M.I.A. (Continued on following page)

president; Job Llewelyn,

Y.M.M.I.A. Era director; 519

Katie Llewelyn, Y.W.

M.I.A. director.

THE ERA'S MARCH OF PROGRESS CONTINUES (Continued from preceding page) Angeles Stake, 655%; Walnut Park Group B Branches—Total SubscripStakes Ward, South Los Angeles Stake, tions

643%. Cincinnati, Great Lakes, 232;

Stake, 269 points San Diego States, *Biloxi, Southern 167; Albuin percent of quota. Group B Wards—Total Subscriptions Greatest gain

152. querque, Western States, South Gate Los South Ward, Stake,Spokane 202% this Citations presented year were Stake, Manchester 347; Ward, Greatest percent of gain in total Angeles

at held Banquet, the first Era Award 273. Stake, Angeles Los Southsubscriptions. at Hotel Utah before a notable gatherCitation Winners Mission Branches ing of Church and stake leaders.

Group A Branches—Percent of Quota In the course of the campaign, Wards and Stake Branches Alexandria, North Central States, many records have been broken.

Group A Wards—Percent of Quota 2200%; Fargo, North Central States, Notable is the alltime, allChurch

Iona Branch, Big Horn Stake, 1500%. record for total subscriptions set by

States Mission. Its total900%; Meeteetse Branch, Big Horn Group A Branches—Total SubscripSouthernStake, 725%. tions subscriptions were 4,839—more subGroup A Wards—-Total Subscriptions Ft. Lauderdale, Southern States, scriptions than have ever before been

Ridgeway Ward, South Carolina 41; Washington, Eastern States, 40. sent in by any unit in the Church.

Stake, 102; Stadium Village Branch, In percent of quota its record of Group B Quota of Branches—Percent other than was any 661%University

Falls, States, Sioux Central North unit ever slightly has higherreached—but Florida,Group West Southern B Wards—PercentStake, 83. of Quota 1833%; last year's for below record the same

Huntington Park Ward, South Los States, 1285%. mission. This outstanding accomplishment has been rewarded with the

Citation Extraordinary for the third consecutive year.

South Los Angeles Stake, running m true to form, set a new alltime allChurch record for total subscriptions for stakes—2,307—exceeding its

own remarkable figure of last year which was higher than any other stake has ever reached. South Los

Angeles Stake also won the Citation fe The Improvement EtaExtraordinary, highest award in Era campaigns for the third consecutive year.

BxtwOrMttary South Los Angeles Stake not only

AWARDED TO led all other stakes in total subscripSouth Cos Angeles Stake tions and in percent of quota but hot Snpt:ttor Ac-c&tttplishwi&sH also has the Era in every home in

in tfie every ward, and every serviceman

Read ami Keep Zhe Bra Campaign and every missionary receives it.

}.9$i -1952 Both South Los Angeles Stake and

S>\reptwml Monor Achievements Southern States Mission will receive i, I,.Mehr of lsS5irs C the Citation for Leader of Leaders

2. AlUilne rd ior sia which signifies that the Era is in every

.!. Under <>f afi 'sjIv* in home in every ward or branch. Each

Man citation will list the accomplishments of each group in the "Readand-

KeepTHE-lMPROVEMENTERA"campaign.

The surprise stake of the year is

San Diego. With seven more points

in the percentof- quota column it would have exceeded the remarkable record of South Los Angeles Stake.

In a great campaign which produced more than one thousand subscriptions in the last thirty days, San

Diego Stake furnished a real challenge to other leaders, and went ahead of South Davis Stake in both 520 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA totals and percent. San Diego Stake citations. North Central States Misary work among members both acwas awarded the special citation for sion was in a leading position fretive and inactive and among investigreatest gain in percent of quota. quently at the top of the list during gators and friends than at any time

San Diego is the first stake or misthe campaign and finished in an enin the past.

sion ever to be awarded a quadruple viable position. If space were available, many

citation. This is its notable record: Eastern States Mission, with some thrilling stories could be told of exLeader of Leaders with the Era in new features in Era campaigns, was periences in the "Readand-Keepevery home in every ward: Second prominent among the leaders from TheImprovement-Era"campaign.

place in total subscriptions: Second the beginning and finished well up Accounts of inactive members havinpplace in percent of quota and greatest on the list, being second in total been aroused to Church service, of

gain in percent of quota. subscriptions to Southern States Misfaith-promoting incidents, and of

All four citations appear on the sion. heroic and valiant efforts on the part

Perma Plaque presented at June ConCanadian, Western Canadian, and of Era directors and workers have ference. New England missions finished on the been numerous. Two Era directors

South Carolina, Spokane, Moapa, citation lists. made two fourhundred- mile trips to

and Mount Ogden all were high on West Central States Mission was reach each ward in the stake twice.

the achievement list with efficient among the leaders at several periods A young woman whose husband was campaigns that ranked with the leadof the campaign, but even with a reill accepted the call as Era director in ing stakes of other years. At times markable gain, had to be content with the last days of the campaign, when

it appeared that the winning stakes fifth place. Practically all missions it appeared that the campaign would

would come from this list. made excellent gains with the result be a failure, and alone secured seventhat this "best missionary in the tyone subscriptions. These are but

Spokane Stake was awarded the Church,"as President Heber J. Grant examples of hundreds of thrilling exsp'ecial citation for highest gain in called it, is now doing more mission- (Continued on following page)

total subscriptions in addition to fourth place on the regular percent of quota list. Citations for greatest gains

over the preceding year were first awarded last year and have proved to be incentives to stakes which in previous years have been in the lower brackets. This procedure will be continued. seHl

Competition for this honor was spirited. Tooele, Oquirrh, Provo,

Moapa, South Carolina, and Benson The Improvement Era stakes were strong contenders. All

made commendable and very remarkable gains, but other groups made even greater gains and won the xta#rbman> laurels. AWARDED TO

outfjent States Minion Stakes which are on the citation listings this year but were not there in th< - last year include San Diego, SpoHead and Keep I"he Sra Campaign kane, and Young in percent of quota, 1951'- 1952 and Blackfoot in total subscriptions. Exceptional Hotter Achievements

areThey <",; 1 in the top welcome honor -T(w S'ra in iWen Ho

Mf<')i.i!! Districi andgroup. ten highest stakes The in *tm - L 2.i, AHTinu-.u Ritonj"for ABCbureh

both groups are listed as leaders of % U'ar t of Ml Mhstm o(i Sfate the Church. }. Thr Era to every Svitr. Man

In the missions there was healthy competition and very substantial gains. However, there were no surprises among the citation winners. mj:

Great Lakes wasthe challenging mission. It barely missed the one

thousand mark but earned its citation for total subscriptions by a substantial margin. It was exceeded only

**sft! <T- PVsfcik&Si*awU 1,: "H'wft'n'/n.-9*toby the older missions which have SAa r'-ir+'.i.l* *-c*i ''.-.-"'W*fttinfjK.-'iS*(: t-i;,> lJ.-o,r1.'.H-<itf; V'i-i,&>*tir,.W

*-.*...- **i* hWf. ***i*o(sjfii*tWl S.. SxpposVftfiiifitA.

ff<i*c. (rt.feoe ait Sepw-.jfi > iVwiuM, citationbeen before. winners

*-v*Mm; Among the mission citation winJf.VJSrt.

ners, Southern States, Eastern States, and North Central States won double

JULY 1952 521 MARCH OF PROGRESS (Continued from preceding page) periences which have been reported.

Husband and wife Era "teams"have been outstanding in this campaign. Of the citation winning

stakes, eight have husband and wife teams as Era directors. They are:

Big Horn, Blackfoot, Lethbridge,

Minidoka, Moapa, North Davis, Phoenix, and Young. In other stakes

the "family"groups made splendid records, several having been leaders at various stages of the campaign.

In an experience such as an Era campaign, some groups make truly remarkable records and set the pace for the Church in the early and middle stages of the campaign. Then

at the finish other stakes come to the front, and the stakes or missions which assisted in establishing morale and patterns of success during the

TOTAL SUBSCRIPTIONS MISSIONS progress of the campaign are crowded out of the picture. Even groups with

SOUTHERN STATES MISSION, first row, left to right: Albert Choules, mission president;

D. Homer Yarn, first counselor; C. Allen Snow, second counselor; Don Calaway, mission truly remarkable records are left be-

M.I.A. supervisor. Stoker,secretary; Era director and Leona Dell

to row, left right: Delbert second G. Taylor, mission president; hind because others have even more MISSION,EASTERN STATES

Helen Beth Henrichsen, M.I.A. supervisor and Era director. remarkable records.

GREAT LAKES MISSION, third row, left to right: Carl C. Burton, mission president; Richard Examples of such stakes and misdirector. assistant Era Aiken, William Douglas Era director;S. Fox,

right: left to fourth row, Sylvester Broadbent, mission sions who are entitled to full recogniMISSION, STATES CENTRALWEST

president; Rila Broadbent; Noel Rigby, Y.M.M.I.A. mission aide; Mary Rigby, Y.W.M.I.A. tion for their most helpful and benemission aide. ficial efforts are Moapa, Juarez, Roosevelt, Rexburg, North Rexburg, Sevier,

PERCENT OF QUOTA MISSIONS Franklin, and Cedar stakes, and right: left to mission B. Hawkes, John first row, MISSION, STATES CENTRALNORTH

Darrell D. counselor; first counselor, Tanner, Lee TexasLouisiana Mission. Other secondpresident; Gustayc A. Matson,

B. Nielsen, Y.M.M.I.A. mission aide; Athlee Nielsen, Y.W.M.I.A. mission aide. stakes which led at various times

right: J. left to row, second MISSION, MeMnCANADIAN Toone, mission president; Don had to be content with something less

director. assistant Era T. Smith, Era director; JohnM. Weaver,

WESTERN CANADIAN MISSION, third row, left to right: R. Scott Zimmerman, mission than top honors, but all have top

and counselor second J. Heaton, LcGrandepresident; Era director; JoAnn Groesbeck, M.I.A. appreciation for their splendid co-

J. Era director. Barbara Era director; Mecham,supervisor and

NEW ENGLAND MISSION, fourth row, left to right: J. Howard Maughan, mission president; operation.

Lena Bennett, Era director; LaRue Belnap, Era director, Beth Stanton, Era director. These are some of the records

broken in the "Readand-KeepTHE-

ImprovementEra"campaign: Total

subscriptions in both missions and stakes; number of stakes, wards and

branches qualifying for the Hall of j Fame with the Era in every home;

number of stakes and missions in the scroll of honor for reaching the minimum qualifying quota; number of

mission districts winning the Leader

I "4 of Leaders Citation with the Era in every home in the district; number M

of stakes and missions exceeding one

I thousand subscriptions; number of

stakes reaching five hundred sub- S scriptions.

S An indication of the marked increases in this campaign is found in I the fact that all the leaders of the

Church but one exceeded 1,000 subscriptions (and this one missed by

N only thirtyfive subscriptions), and

S (Continued on page 524) "How can small firms hold their own with a big company like you?"

Men who run small businesses have said such things as: "Some people think we're

being frozen out. I'm doing well, but what about

others'? How can small firms hold their own

with a big company like you?"

You can see the answer for yourself when you get a clear picture of the way business firms depend upon one another. Even

a big, integrated company can't stand alone.

Our company is a number of parts that fit together like pieces of a jigsaw puzzle. At the center of things, we're refiners. Then to be sure

of a supply of crude oil, we drill wells of our own. And to keep up the

flow into our refineries and out again, we provide tankers, pipelines and trucks, and distributing organizations. But the territory is broad, the

needs many.

Suppliers, competitors and customers—

most of them small firms—are needed all around

us. Other producers supply over 40% of the

crude we need. And we buy thousands of other

things, from pipe to paper clips—last year, more

than $110,000,000 worth of goods and services from some 10,000 suppliers in the West alone.

There are many small refiners competing with These small firms "hold their own"very well indeed;

us. In every field, there are distributors selling either and through serving well, many of them will grow big.

our products for us or competitive lines. For example, Standard goes right on working to gain new business

here in the West—independent service stations selling competing for your patronage by increasing efficiency

our gasoline outnumber Companyowned stations of operation, improving products, keeping prices down.

about six to one... and stations selling other brands But it's clear that a vast number of small firms, too,

outnumber our own about 29 to one. always will be needed to complete the picture.

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA plans ahead to serve you better

JULY 1952 523 THE ERAS MARCH OF PROGRESS CONTINUES (Continued from page 522) Improvement Era Year Book. This is Saints, friends, and investigators, the

that all but one of the missions in also a new record for an Era cammonthly messages of Church leaders the same group, the total subscrippaign. and the wealth of clean, wholesome,

tions column, also reached one thouAnd so ends another highly sucand inspiring reading published in the sand. The exception in this case cessful and thrilling missionary effort Era each month. In times like these

missed the mark by only twelve subto carry into the homes of Latterday this is important. To all who have

scriptions. Never before has there

been such a magnificent record.

Lamanite subscriptions showed an JjSsJSSJS encouraging gain over last year. Letters from many parts of the countryindicate the appreciation of our La24 We Want 3,

manite friends for The Improvement

Era. It is difficult to estimate the 5e rKememberedvalue of the missionary work being

done through the Lamanite gift subRICHARD L EVANS scription plan. s we remember our impressions of other people, we may Servicemen subscriptions are gov- A well ask how we would want to be remembered. If

erned in a general way by the numwe were posing for a portrait, we would likely take great ber of boys in the service. These pains to be at our best; and after all our own preparations

have shown a substantial increase, we would expect the photographer or the artist to retouch but it would be even more helpful where he found obvious flaws because with anything as if a still higher percent of those in permanent as a portrait it seems important to appear as we the armed forces had the Era sent would want to be remembered. But the impressions that

to them regularly each month, as other people have of us from day to day are more important planned by Church leaders. than a portrait, and in all of our acts and attitudes and

Scroll of Honor listings ran second utterances we should keep in mind how we want to be highest in percent of stakes and misperpetuated in the minds and memories of other men. Do

sions, but in total numbers showed we want to be remembered for giving way to gossip? Dosubstantial gains for a new record. we want to be remembered for being careless about our

Hall of Fame listings, the best appearance or careless about our conduct? And how do

gauge of all in an Era campaign, we want to be remembered by our children? As they grow

show by far the greatest gain in Era up, they will carry through life their impressions of us.

history. This honor, which is reThe public may see us only as we step out on the street,

served for groups with the Era in only as we sit behind our desks or as we attend social every home, set an alltime-high recfunctions, groomed and gracious; but with our family and

ordsions—sixtyof 214 unitsthree inin stakesthe stakesand misand friends,candid camerawithin theconstantlywalls whererecordingwe live,its impressionsthere is a kindof us,of

one hundred and fiftyone in the misin faithful detail and without photographic filters. Those of

sions. our own intimate circle won't always remember us just as we

Nine stakes and three missions are when we are ready to go to church. They may remember

passed the one thousand mark, an us as we are when we lose our temper, or when we are unjust alltime record. The stakes with in our judgments, or when we have made some threadbare

their positions in the mythical "1,000 excuse for not doing our duty, or some flimsy pretext for

Club"are: president, Southern States departing from principle. They may remember not only

Mission; first vicepresident, South our fine and affectionate best behavior, but also inconsiderLos Angeles Stake; second vicepresi- ate acts and unkind, caustic comments. Posterity, and the

dent, San Diego Stake; third vicepublic, may be impressed by the retouched portrait. But

president, South Davis Stake; secrethe way we know ourselves and the way we shall be retary, Moapa Stake; assistant secretary, membered by those who matter most (and no doubt the way

Mount Ogden Stake; treasurer, we shall ultimately be judged by a just Judge), will be the

Eastern States Mission; assistant way we live from day to day. Whatever we do, whatever

treasurer, Oquirrh Stake; librarian, we are, whatever we think, whatever our actions and attiYellowstone Stake; assistant librarian, tudes add up to will all be part of the picture; and the way

North Davis Stake; trustees, Blackfoot we want to be remembered is the way we shall have to

Stake and North Central States Mislive, not only in public but also in private, and inside oursion. selves.

In the "500 Club,"also mythical, there were so many members that Uke Spoken Word FROM temple SQUARE space will not permit listing them PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING here. Seventysix stakes and twenty SYSTEM, APRIL 27, 1952

missions passed the five hundred Copyright, 1952 mark. They will all be listed in The

524 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA assisted in bringing about such remarkable results, the entire Era staff extends heartiest commendations and appreciation.

Evelyn Fixed the Wheel

(Continued from page 517) When Brother B—drove up, he

shook his head when Mrs. Walton

asked for the rope. He had another

night on the road and could not spare it. She was very disappointed;

tears began rolling down her cheeks.

Then she became very angry.

"Well,"she exclaimed, "I can't see how I can possibly be of any further assistance to you. Get into

your wagon and drive on."To her

great surprise, he did just that. She

stood and watched him until he was out of sight.

Mrs. Walton studied the wheel,

silently praying that God would give her she so desperately the information didn't come out West We to fix it.needed

The answer came. She went towork.... we were here!

First she unhitched and fed the horses. Then she and her eldest son Will Rogers was proud of his Indian brought it West. As we helped build

went in search of some sturdy birch ancestors. He used to say, "My folks the West, the West built Southern

limbs to use as braces. When they didn't come over on the Mayflower, Pacific, until we are today a system

returned to the wagon, the sun lay but they met the boat."of 13,700 miles in eight states, our West with the are proud interwoven Pacific at Southern future We low in the western skies. She would to serve. say, too. continue proudly can something, For we which we of

need to hurry. Filling a tub with "We didn't come out West—we were We mean business. Our Industrial

water, she heated it over a campalready hereV Department welcomes inquiries from fire and placed in it to soak a cowIt's like this. We brought matewestward-looking businessmen, and

hide which she had bought from a rials around Cape Horn to California likes to point out that in the last 25 settler. from 1861 to 1869 and laid our rails years an average of more than one new

located along Sierra, has day each industry the... over High eastward she put a fine edge morning Next Lines. Pacific where into the Southern Utah, across Nevada,

it knife sharpening her butcher by on too, "settlers"these with Union us linked Spike* Golden We salute on a stone. Then she cut the hide Pacific to form the nation's first wish them prosperity, and look forinto strips about one inch wide. Next transcontinental railroad. ward to years of service to them.

she placed four birch pieces horiWe're now celebrating the 83rd an- * The original Golden Spike can be seen among zontally across the wheel, two above niversary of the driving of our Golden other fascinating relics in the Wells Fargo Bank and two below the hub, then four Spike, which took place May 10, 1869, HistoryFrancisco.Room, 30 Montgomery Street, San

others vertically across, two on each at Promontory, Utah.

side of the hub. She then wove the We built the western half of the

railroad, transcontinental second strips of rawhide in and out of the Angelesas the first Los as well too, reinforced spokes beginning close to New Orleans line, our "Sunset the hub and working outward to Route."Our lines in Texas and in

the felly. Then she stood the Louisiana are now celebrating their

wheel up against a tree to dry. As Centennial Anniversaries.

the rawhide dried, it shrank, tightenWe greeted the settlers, brought ing the wheel until it became strong them West, invited industry and and firm.

With grateful hearts the party con- A SYMBOL OF/jTHsWESTERN PROGRESS tinued on their long journey. When

they arrived at their destination, they found Mrs. Walton's mother in about

her usual health. Shortly after this,

when Evelyn was alone with her one day, her mother suddenly became (Concluded on following page) Southern Pacific Company, D. J. Russell, President

JULY 1952 525 &*&&&$ Evelyn Fixed the Wheel

(Concluded from preceding page) Youth!- very ill and passed away before her

Your high duty daughterMrs. Waltoncould obtainacknowledgedhelp. with

thankfulness her privilege of being to parents, nation and Church is to with her mother when she passed to make the most of the splendid powers the other side.

God has given you for the service of humanity. But this development

is more than a duty—it is the road Fourth of July

to highest happiness for you.

You can strengthen your abilities (Continued from page 509) to the utmost at Utah State. Utah's brought in from outof-town in two

Landgrant College is one of Amerbig wagons and was being set up.

ica's top 25 institutions in the trainIt was soon ready for us and our ing of distinguished scientists. For nickels. A ring of seats on a reteaching that develops scholarship volving platform, the revolving to

and character, and for research that be done by a horse, standing waiting daily to useful adds knowledge, you on the ground inside the ring. A will find State exof highest Utah

cellence. canvas top shaded the merrygo-

round, and all was unpainted and shabby, but I did not think of that

The L.D.S. Institute of Religion adat the time.

jacent to the campus affords religious I had a moment's fear that the education, much of it yielding college horse might run away, for I had

Institute attracts credit. The many the idea that all horses except our students, the this spring and had

largest graduating class in its hisown Frank and Topsy were planning tory. it. But this horse showed no evilence of ever harboring such a

thought or any thought except resigThe College educates for success nation to endless tramping, and to in scores of occupations in sciences, the delighted giggles of little girls humanities, agriculture, forestry, and the shouts of the boys.

commerce, education, engineering Evidently the Fourth of July was technology, economics. and home

units provide just another day to him. and Air Force Army

ROTC. I had five cents and three pennies

I had saved for a long time to spend on the Fourth, but Grandpa gave

SUMMER SCHOOL: June 10July 23; July 28Aug. 22 Bessie and me each a nickel, and so

FALL QUARTER: Sept. 25December 20 I, at least, had two rides on the

merrygo-round, and when the horse could be induced to trot, we went at a delightfully pace. giddy Small Utah State Agricultural College brother refused to go on unsuch an

LOGAN natural, bewildering contrivance, and little sister had fallen asleep on

Mamma's lap, and so money was saved on them.

three spent penny was One of my torns ofJlpmns Wt %obz peanuts, the other on pink two on

By Cecilia Margaret Rudin, M. A. and white sugar candy. And all too

A Book to Own, Enjoy and Give late I spied pink and green sugared

Inspired of Writing Years Hymn 400 gumdrop balls, each with a rubber life stories. folks get love its dramatic enjoyment Children Busy grown

from even a few minutes reading its vivid, brief chapters. Scholars string attached, costing one penny

appreciate its research and authenticity. apiece. But I could not exchange my BINDING EDITION ART—NEW NEW

Bliss, Crosby, Issac Watts sugar candy, for it was already meltWesley, Stebbins, Fanny by Luther, Hymns other great and inspiration the Gives writers. and human drama behind such favorites as ing in my warm hand.

"Nearer My God To Thee", "Old Rugged Cross", "Abide With Me"There were more firecrackers now, others. and many

Beautifully printed and illustrated, only $1.25. (Mailing charge 10c). too, and other popping things, but

of sparks dresses in or on our INC. fear & JOHN RUDINOrder your copy and a gift supply from your Dealer today or we were warned not to get close, for COMPANY

Publishers of THE BOOK OF LIFE fireof our eyes. a package We had

1018 S. WABASH AVE. Dept. IE CHICAGO 5, ILL. crackers at home but had to light

526 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA them under Papa's supervision, which was safe but lacked hazard, and hazard was so appropriate to the

Fourth of July.

That afternoon I saw somethingelse for the first time: ice creaml *

Papa was calling us to go home whenit was ready. He wouldn't let Bessie WHAT'S

and me have any, for it was already melting, and flies were buzzing about.

Anyway, there wasn't enough to gOaround. I didn't mind too much GOING ON

about not having any, for now I had seen ice cream, and it looked like thecornstarch pudding we often had IN CALIFORNIA with cream around it. Papa was

very particular about milk if not about lunch boxes. Today, California is the largest

We were ready to go. We said integrated and fastest growing

goodbye to Grandpa and Grandma. area in the world. For the "facts

The runner, Charlie, ran up to behind the headlines,"you should

Grandpa: "May I go home with you be reading FORTNIGHT, Caliand stay until Sunday, Uncle Smith?"fornia's own newsmagazine.

he asked. is published for "Yes, if you can get your night FORTNIGHT clothes and be back by the time we the West in general and Calistart,"said Grandpa. fornia in particular and is designed for those Westerners who are

And away sped Charlie, with all particularly concerned with what's the grown folk laughing at the speed of a barefooted boy. going on in the pivot state of the

West.

One man said, "No grass will grow under that boy's feet."I had not Starting in the current issue is a

heard that remark before, and the series of articles on the Bureau of meaning wasn't very clear. Reclamation and the water situaMamma and the other children tion in California. Water is vital

were already waiting by the spring to the growth and development wagon on the other side of the grove. of the Western states. Read

I walked along beside my father FORTNIGHT for details of thewhen suddenly—right at my feet SUBSCRIBE problem that exists in California.

I saw on the green grass, a fresh, pinksugared gumdrop ball with its find. Ielastic string: providential A To FORTNIGHT WlaqaiinsL pick it up.leaned down to

"Don't touch it,"said my father."Never eat anything from the ground. TODAY

You don't know how many feet have been walking there."

with, thliu handi coupofL We went on. Those were Papa's

ideas, but they were not mine. While

he was getting the children into the spring wagon, I sped back, thinking FORTNIGHT $3 the year of the pocket in the skirt of my dress. 606 N. San Vincente Blvd. Q enclosed

Los Angeles 46, Calif. bill meI reached the spot. Alas—it was

gone I Some other child, evidently unattended by a parent, had already Please enter a one year subscription and send it to:

been there.

All the following week, while my Name:

parents discussed the speech, the band, and the food, I thought over Address:

all the events of that day, its pleasures and disappointments. City: State:....

(Concluded on following page) t

JULY 1952 527 FOURTH OF JULY We have (Concluded from preceding page) All these incidents remain clear

It did not rain, but I had no white in my memory? but clearest of all

dress trimmed with i embroidery.J, I is j the FINEST nad. the, sugared, gumdrop, r,ball,1t with.-, two. rides., on the merrygo-round,

so clean and but we took our lunch in a red its elastic strinS'g painted box with a lid. I lost the Pink on the green grass, to be had in gumdrop ball. for no money at all!

5=5555553

Arnswer to LonhVL5VOVI piflnos

RICHARD L EVANS

the lips there the minds and to hearts and of many question: the STBNWA Y ITponsometimes comes an omniwould Why

LESTER potentunjust andand adverseallwise eventsand justas andwe aremercifulall eachGoddaypermitawaresuchof?

And, failing to find the answer that brings peace to their troubled hearts, men frequently lose faith and become critical and sometimes cynical. But they who find themselves

in this frame of mind should be reminded that one of the first free principles of life is the agency of the plan of man -l r l j r 1 1 1 1 1 1 j r 1 1 r 1 1 r iiiliiiiiniiiiiiiniiL so in before the of choice. the right heavens time It was iORGANS began and will eternally continue to be so. Indeed, we are

told that a challenge to this right of choice was once the

The Right Organ for cause of a war in heaven and has been one of the compelling causes of all war since history has been kept and recorded.

Church or Home toIn beothergood.words,If heourdid,Fatherthere inwouldheavenbe nodoesrewardnot forcefor beingmen

good, and none of the development that comes from deciding for ourselves. The souls of men are stunted and

stifled when they are compelled to live according to someConnsonata one else's pattern or forcibly made to fit someone else's mold.

Write for details on any That is why, in his wisdom, the Lord God does not minutely | musical need | regulate every detail of our lives, any more than our earthly parents dictate everything we shall do. They teach us what

niiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiiiiimiiimiiiii i r[ 1 1 1 r 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 i iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniii we ought to do, despite which, in the headstrong use of our own free will, we still manage to get ourselves into much "[ | | 1 | | Daynes Music Co. I.,,,,,. trouble. The Father of us all gives us commandments,

principles, rules of life, which, if observed, will lead, us to our highest possibilities here and hereafter; and, so far as

4547 South Main, Salt Lake the Creator is concerned, it is given unto each one to deter145 North University, Provo mine to what extent he will live by these rules and realize the rewards. This Godgiven, inalienable right of choice

is essential in the highest sense to the making of a man under divine plan and purpose—essential even though in

the misuse of it some people impose evil and injustice on other people. But those who suffer injustice at the hands

of others will not be forgotten; the Lord God, in his own

time and in his own way, will see that all of us receive what we should receive, according to the choices we have made with the freedom we have had. And there will be complete

compensation for the seeming injustices we frequently see.*

*Revised

Jke 2)po/?en<ken vvoralA/oi'd from temple square

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

PONCHITO says buy SYSTEM, MAY 4, 1952

EARLY CALIFORNIA Copyright, 1952 green olives iS 528 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA rive to your nearest Conoco Mileage Merchant and ask for Conoco's great new "50,000

Miles—No Wear"Servjcea service that helps

your engine stay like new year after year, perform better, use less gasoline and oil!

It's exactly the same service that kept test cars new in Conoco's spectacular "50,000 Miles—No Wear"road test!

In that famous 50,000mile test, with 1,000mile drains and proper filter service, test car engines showed no wear of any consequence: in

fact, an average of less than one onethousandth inch on cylinders and crankshafts. Gasoline

mileage for the last 5,000 miles was actually 99.77% as good as for the first 5,000.

Now you can get this same 1-2-3 "50,000

Miles—No Wear"Service, at your Conoco

Mileage Merchant's, today!

Here's the Famous "50,000 MilesNo Wear"Service!

refill Conoco with great Oil! Conoco Motor OYourchant ConocoWill DrainMileageOut MerGrit He'llOil Filters!ReconditionHe'll cleanAir filterand SuperHe'll and Sludge, preferably while enelements, replace dirty carSuper is fortified with additives

gine is, hot! "Hotoil"drains tridges, record the mileage. that curb dangerous accumulaevery one thousand miles flush Every time hood is lifted, he'll tion of dirt and contamination

from corroprotect mileage to the make sure check acid and contamiout grit, dirt, This is a at sive serviced been have metal surfacesacids—fight engine filters your nation—leave DUTY rust HEAVY against wear. intervals. proper clean sparkling—andcombustionOilPlate OBL

1952 CONTINENTAL OIL COMPANY JULY 1952 529 Acting in accordance with a revelation given on December 27, 1832,

L to the members of the Melchizedek Priesthood, the First Presidency of the Church and their associates, the other General Authorities, have throughout the past years prepared courses of study to be diligently pursued by Latterday Saints holding MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD the Holy Melchizedek Priesthood.

Continuously instructions have been WEEKLY DOCTRINE CLASSES for Melchizedek Priesthood groups of high priests, seventies, and elders, or the quorum meetings which are held which should be devoted to the studyfor every quorum where the commonthly are primarily business meeting of the gospel of Jesus Christ by plete quorum resides in one ward, to ings; and as far as possible quorum the priesthood groups. It is advised

hold priesthood meeting once each presidents should carry forward all that such a practice be discontinued.

week in which the prescribed course quorum business during the regular Certain reasons make such a practice of study should be diligently and quorum meetings. Competent teachinappropriate. In the first place,

faithfully studied. ers should present the lessons and be many of the priesthood members are

The General Authorities of the given sufficient time to do so. not ward teachers and, therefore, they

Church urge all stake presidencies The revelation in which the Lord have no particular interest in the reand all bishoprics to arrange those Jesus Christ commanded the Melport meeting. In the second place,

meetings so that all Melchizedek chizedek Priesthood bearers to study such a practice takes the class period

Priesthood classes will be provided diligently the gospel of Jesus Christ time once a month away from Melwith at least fortyfive minutes each is known as the "Olive Leaf."It is chizedek Priesthood members, thereweek to devote to the study of the one of the most remarkable revelaby making it impossible for them to

gospel of Jesus Christ as prescribed tions given in the latter days. As complete the prescribed course of

in the Melchizedek Priesthood course part of that revelation, the Lord destudy. It is recommended, therefore,

of study. clared the following to the priesthood that ward teachers'report meetings

In order that the priesthood quobearers of the Church: be held on some occasion other than

rums and groups may not be robbed at the time that Melchizedek Priestof any of their class period time, it And I give unto you a commandment hood members are supposed to be of study outlinedis suggested that bishops restrict the trinethat youof theshallkingdom.teach one another the docstudying the course

opening exercises of priesthood meetTeach ye diligently and my grace shall for them.

ings to a minimum in length. Busiattend you, that you may be instructed more Furthermore, it is recommended

ness items should be dispatched perfectly in theory, in principle, in doctrine, that every high priests'group, sevenquickly. Bishops should remember in the law of the gospel, in all things that ties'group, and elders'group that has

five or more membersnot to take too much time in giving pertainare expedientunto forthe youkingdomto understand;of God, that at least four or

out notices and in discussing matters Of things both in heaven and in the living in a ward hold its group meetof a general nature, for by doing so earth, and under the earth; things which ings separate from other Melchizedek

they thereby deprive the priesthood have been, things which are, things which Priesthood groups. In other words,

members of time which should be must shortly come to pass; things which the seventies should not go into the

the are abroad; things are at which home,devoted to the study of the gospel elders'classes to receive instructions

nations, of perplexities the the wars and of Jesus Christ in the classrooms. Aland the judgments which are on the land; nor the elders into the seventies'

though the fact is recognized that and a knowledge also of countries and of classes. Neither is it advisable for

bishops have a certain amount of kingdoms—... those groups to unite with the high

business which must be presented in And as all have not faith, seek ye dilipriests. Only in cases where there

the weekly priesthood meetings, the gently and teach one another words of are fewer than three or four members suggestion is made that only those wisdom;words of yea,wisdom;seek yeseekout learning,of the bestevenbooksby of a Melchizedek Priesthood group

problems that pertain to those in atstudy and also by faith. (D. & C. 88:7779, living in a certain ward would it be

tendance be considered in the priest118.) advisable for them to unite with other

hood meeting, and other problems Melchizedek Priesthood groups in presented at their appropriate time In certain wards, the custom has studying the gospel.

and place. Bishops should be exbeen established of holding a ward Among the reasons for such a rule

tremely conscious of the value of teachers'report meeting on one Sunis that it will greatly increase the time and the importance of the gosday each month during the time attendance and activities of each Melpel lessons which have been prepared chizedek Priesthood group and quofor the Melchizedek Priesthood classes. rum by holding classes separate from

it would develop Presidents of Melchizedek PriestWe have the gospel of life and each other. Also,

hood quorums should also remember salvation, to make bad men good more leadership in each of the various that class period time of the weekly and good men better* We are to groups of elders, seventies, and high priesthood meetings should not be preach, exhort, expound, continue priests by holding their own separate in spirit, in our duty, be ferventused for giving out notices and conmeetings and not riding on the shoulwith bearing our and forebearing ducting business which should be brethren, being filled with love ders of other Melchizedek Priesthood presented on other occasions. In fact, and kindness*—Brigham Young* groups.

530 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA qualities, etc., is made by all of us,

and we look on them as something not good for our youth. The cigaret

is a means of displaying an alter ago,Vrtortfiood which is vain and dishonest. It becomes a means or medium of expression oftentimes to show off, of

unduly flaunting disregard for those

TOBACCO, who should be shown respect. It is

used as an outward token of rebelAN EVIL INFLUENCE? lion against family, friends, and even

society.

In this Church, training of youth by Keith M. Walker includes the application of the moral

principle referred to above to a greater extent perhaps than in other a recent issue of Reader's Digest Lucifer with onethird of the hosts denominations. This comes from

Inan article by Roger William Riis of heaven was cast out, and that over one hundred years of training appeared entitled "How Harmthere exists today art evil influence the youth to live in conformity with ful Are Cigarettes?"This article that we attribute to Satan's power. a code of health, which includes

seems quite conclusive on tobacco At the outset it should be pointed everything good and excludes anybeing a medical enigma, that the out that it is not the contention of the thing bad for the body. We believe

extent of the tobacco habit is not affirmative group that the confirmed our bodies are tabernacles of the realized, and that the effects cersmoker is necessarily immoral or Spirit of God and that we should tainly are not understood. The artithat he is necessarily subject to the maintain them as such. Too, it is

cle is well -written, timely, and of promptings of the devil to a greater an established fact that when the importance to all. However, towards degree than the nonsmoker, just beyouth of the Church start to smoke,

the end of his article Mr. Riis comcause he smokes. There are obvious they invariably remain away from

ments, "It may properly be regretted variables here that would affect the church activity and seek a society that antitobacco folk are as violent individual case. that has no objection to the cigaret.

as they are in their statements. They The affirmative group believe Because of their tender years some

damage their cause."He states that there is a moral application to smokof them fail to choose proper comin his opinion the cigaret will not ing, and they base their opinion on pany, and this fact tends to support

destroy the morals at all. personal experience, observation, and the feeling that the cigaret is a deThe statement of Mr. Riis that the study of human nature. Their reavice employed by the devil.

cigarets will not destroy the morals soning on this question includes the There is a definite moral value that is difficult for some to understand. application of the Word of Wisdom comes into play because many of

Those who assert that the cigaret can as taught by the Church of Jesus these young people become so disbe used by the devil as a means of Christ of Latterday Saints and the interested that they lower their guard prompting an immoral tendency beeffect of this code of health on the and oftentimes become further suslieve their point of view is well youth of the Church. ceptible to Satan. It is a fact that

taken. The purpose of this writing Satan will utilize every conceivable those who remain active in Church

is to illustrate this viewpoint. device to influence. His avowed purwork live lives that come closer to

In order to resolve this question it pose is to win souls. It is wholly conforming to a fixed standard of

is necessary to state a premise; namepracticable to assume, knowing this, Christianity. This is not an asserly, that the Bible is the word of God that the cigaret in the hands of some tion that there are not scoundrels who

(as far as translated correctly—repeople could easily be such a device, affiliate with all religious organizamembering it has been translated just as anything else the devil wishes tions or that there are not literally

numerous times), that Christ and to use as a medium of influence would hundreds of saintly people outside

Lucifer were in conflict on their plans be a device for his evil intentions. the confines of religious influence.

for the salvation of mankind, that The confirmed smoker can build up It should now be apparent that the a degree of resistance over the years, application of the moral principle to just as the nonsmoker does, to the smoking is not wrong. Anything

Thus, the General Authorities of evil influence of Satan. that influences adversely is said to

the Church strongly urge that high As a general rule our young people be wrong, and, after all, the term priests, seventies, and elders hold their are taught something of the harmful moral is used as pertaining to or conseparate classes weekly, fortyfive physical effects of tobacco from the cerned with establishing principles minutes in length or more, for the time they are old enough to ask of right and wrong. Smoking is impurpose of studying the gospel of questions, and invariably this trainmoral from the standpoint that it is

Jesus Christ. Also, it is urged that ing includes a moral implication benot right, based on the fact that its

they follow the prescribed course of cause society has found that the influence is oftentimes the same as study which has been prepared under cigaret is almost always in evidence that which stems from anything else the direction of the First Presidency, where juvenile delinquency is apthat encourages a compromise of the Twelve, and the general Melparent. The association of tobacco, principle. If our youth are not in

chizedek Priesthood committee. liquor, late hours, unmanageable (Continued on page 550)

JULY 1952 531 Quorum Advisers Have Responsibility to Visit Challenging Records

Members in Their Homes Tt is feared that too many Aaronic to the Church and its standards. The

Priesthood quorum advisers feel their second objective should be to obtain work is finished when they attend the the boy's record of activity during the weekly priesthood meeting and present previous week and to copy such informathe quorum lesson. While this feature tion to the boy's credit in his respecof the program is a vital part of the tive quorum roll. JV

program, it must not be considered to Visits with boys in their homes be the program itself. should not be limited to the inactive.

Advisers who are visiting their memWhile those who are not active may bers in their homes are invariably the be in greater need of more personal leaders who are outstanding in their attention, the active boy will be compliwork with boys. Visiting with boys in mented if his adviser also thinks of him

their homes is held to be one of the when making his personal visits. More li*

very best ways in which advisers may and more, infinitely more, personal come really to know their members. visits with boys in their homes is one

One adviser was heard to say: "How of the crying needs in our program tocan I be of real assistance to the boy day. WILLIAM J. BEARNSON

unless I know his parents, his brothers We challenge stake committees to set BISHOP JOHN Y. BEARNSON

and sisters, and the conditions under in full motion a program designed to EVAN FRANCIS which he lives in his own home?"press this project to the limit in every

It is the responsibility of the quorum ward. respectfully call upon We Springville Y. Bearnson, Johnadviser visit to absentee, each is bishoprics who their and Aaronic Priesthood "DishopU Stake, Fifth (Utah) Kolob Ward,living at home, immediately following leaders to cooperate with each other bishop 28, a ordained November wasthe priesthood meeting, each week. The and with stake in committees acthe ordination, of his date the 1943. Sincefirst objective is of visit the to manifest of complishment the objectives worthy leader- a has boy conducted ward hea genuine kindly interest and in of the the visit personal the between quoleadership) (formerly ship youth wardboy's welfare solicit to and his loyalty adviser rum and the in the boy home. every wonder meeting month. We

Adult Members whether any other bishop in the Church has held this meeting every month for

Know When to Start and When to Stop Bearnson102 monthshadwithoutthis toexception!say concerningBishop

/ group adviser for adult members interest is at its highest point. Put on this monthly meeting of boy leaders:

of;he Aaronic Priesthood should brakes be the call the is for when more afford to see could cannot how we Weequipped with a selfstarter and a good speed, future your visits and will It assists this us so meeting. be miss much toset of brakes. looked to forward anticipation. with all particular of these in with touch keep

One who works with adult members Don't give all you know nor go too age groups and tells us immediately if of the Aaronic Priesthood or with men far. Never allow an anticlimax to be someone is slipping into inactivity.

who have not received the priesthood reached.

must realize that procrastination in his In gospel discussions, too much or too William J. Bearnson, a priest, and

work is not only the thief of time but little at one time are both bad, but Evan Francis, a teacher, have estabof the souls of men, women, and children the greater danger lies in the overload. lished a one hundred percent attendas well. Unless one gets started in Man power fired to action with the ance record at priesthood and sacrament

his work, he can never attain success. starter of enthusiasm and faith must be meetings for four years as of January

If adult members of the Aaronic Priestheld in control by good brakes, applied 1, 1952. They are still maintaining

hood are to be motivated to activity in at the right time. their outstanding attendance records.

the Church, they must be visited frequently and taught the gospel. Aaronic Priesthood

Group advisers should generate within themselves so much enthusiasm for Coordinators and Secretaries to Compute Cumulative Recordsthe work that they will put their hearts and souls into it. Enthusiasm is the Tt is the responsibility of the secretary it is the responsibility of the ward coself-starter that gets action and desired of the ward boy leadership commitordinator to make and record such comresults.

tee to compute each Aaronic Priestputations.

It is well also to know that the brakes hood member's cumulative record at should frequently be applied. It is the end of each month and record the Unless these officers faithfully perjust as important to stop when we should computations opposite the boy's name at form this responsibility, members of

as to start when we should. the extreme right of the quorum roll the bishopric are seriously handicapped

There is a proper time, a psychological in advance of the ward boy leadership in conducting a fast moving and intermoment to close a gospel discussion or committee meeting. esting ward boy leadership committee

a visit. Usually it is the time when Where there is no secretary appointed, meeting each month.

532 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA =? lrepared bu <=>Lee M. falt,mer

Aaronic Priesthood Ward Teachers Should Emphasize Virtues of Truth is more than a weakness orTime for Checkup on There may be some persons today all."Lying

who, because nations and men selfishly a fault; it is a grievous sin which offends

celestial for inherit Liars truth the gain cannot God. and seeminglyAward Program distort

of glory. it, are (See to yield 76:103.) degree with persuaded get away D. & C.

Anehalf of the first year for the to the same practices. Those who are Backbiting is also a grave misdeed.

new award program is past. Where thus tempted should be reminded that Those guilty of this offense take addo you stand? there is no compromise between truth vantage of their fellow men in a

criticizhas, defaming, the cowardly and error. by from manner The Lord

requires that program The new villifying belittling, ing, fallacy of those fifty beginning, the denounced and who

Priestof all Aaronicpercent or more deceitfulness, falsehoods, present to themselves. are not defend masking and

hood members in the ward under of truth. Evil speaking parallels lying and backfor qualify the individualtwentyone

is It biting. intent the of Israel to children said, spoken with To he

if is ofCertificate to the ward Award false others. It gives false shalt to not bring bear "Thou witness harm

roll for recognizedbe in the honor

It It against impressions. destroys confidences. (Ex. neighbour."thy 20:16.)

fifty1952. qualifying percent, Wards

is exhortation the in this His of suspicion, plants seeds doubt, dispensation sixty percent, percent, seventy specific: is discord. eighty more that there and "And see

orpercent, percent, ninety one hundred... lying, evil backbiting, or no speakteachers the given have been Ward

all ofpercent bearers of the Aaronic ing."(D. 20:54.) evils responsibility of eliminating these & C.

rewillPriesthood under twentyone Oliver lydescribes in Wendell the Holmes Church. be conshould They

ceive special Prerecognition from the as ing follows: tools, "Sin has efforts in scientious their many to overcome

Bishopric.siding

lie fits but a is a handle sinful habits. prevent which these them and

Stakes will be recognized on the same basis as wards. No ward or stake will CHALLENGING RECORDS FROM TETON (IDAHO) STAKE

be eligible for recognition of any kind which does not qualify at least fifty percent of the total Aaronic Priesthood enrolment under twentyone.

Since handbooks are not yet available, i:iX

we list the Aaronic Priesthood Individual Certificate of Award requirements below: 1. *A minimum of seventyfive percent attendance at priesthood meeting.

2. *A minimum of fifty percent attendance at sacrament meeting.

3. A priest or teacher must fill a

minimum of thirtysix priesthood FRANCIS WPPUNGW,nm tntcER DEAN DANIELS EOYDnn,m assignments. Stake know the A deacon must fill a minimum These bearers of the Aaronic Priesthood from the Teton (Idaho)

of fortyeight priesthood assignjoy of service in their priesthood offices. While they have established challenging

ments. records in attendance at Church meetings, they are also faithful in filling priesthood

assignments, paying a full tithing, observing the Word of Wisdom, and in following 4. Observance of the Word of Wistheir leaders in the Aaronic Priesthood.

dom during the entire year. Their 100% attendance records at priesthood and sacrament meetings are as follows:

Top Ward—two years; Dean, Bates Ward—two years; Boyd,

1st 5. Full payment of tithing. Driggs row:Ward—threeFrancis, Batesyears. 6. One or more public addresses in Bottom row: Allen, Driggs 1st Ward—three years; Kurt, Driggs 1st Ward—three

Ward—two years.KURT SPENCER LOUIS KENT URE a Church meeting. years; Louis,ALLENChapinMURDOCH

7. Participation in a Church welfare

project or in a quorum service project. 8. A priest or a teacher must serve

as a ward teacher and visit in the homes of the Saints at least six months out of the twelve months of the year.

A deacon must gather fast offerings at least six months out of the twelve months of the year.

*Special recognition will be given those who have a hundred percent attendance record at priesthood meeting and at sacrament meeting by affixing a special seal to the Individual Certificate of

Award.

JULY 1952 533 kn Extra Room Keys (Concluded from page 507) 0jOV

In addition to their abiding holy in your home with inexpensive faith, they carried revealed keys to

HOLCOMB & HOKE Theirsrighteousnesswas theandrestoredeternal priesthood,exaltation.

the key to the kingdom of God.

FDLDOOR earthFatherto receiveAdam wasthe thepriesthoodfirst on fromthis our Heavenly Father. Then in the

FolDoor provides a movDoctrine and Covenants we see, wall able to separate dining your alcove from this greater priesthood administereth And living your room and to the gospel key of the the and holdeth divide that large bed

of the knowledge of God. (Ibid., 84:19.) ones—Givesroom into twoextrasmallerspace mysteries of the kingdom, even the key

around any doorway!

Not only to the pioneer but also to all those who hold the keys and build his temples will come unnumLAUREN bered blessings, because the Lord has

BURT, Inc. promised,

557 Soufh 3rd West For whoso is faithful unto the obtaining

Salt Lake City these two priesthoods of which I have

Phone 3-4677 spoken,are sanctifiedand theby magnifyingthe Spirit untotheir thecalling,renewing of their bodies. (Idem, 33.)

Lauren Burt, Inc.

557 South 3rd West Yes, the priesthood is the key to

Salt Lake City work in his name, but it, too, must

Please send me free further informabe kept brilliant with proper use or tion about FolDoor. like the keys in the inn it may be

dulled. When used and kept bright,

ADDRESS it increases its effectiveness.

CITY ZONE..STATE Hearken, and lo, a voice as of one sent

I down from on high, who is mighty and powerful, whose going forth is unto the endsmen—of Preparethe earth,ye yea,the whoseway ofvoicetheis Lord,unto

make his paths straight.

The keys of the kingdom of God are committed unto man on the earth, and roll forth gospel the shall thence stone as the earth, of the ends unto the without the of mountain is cut out Quick, Easy Way to ttUmnoz.BANQU Folding whichfrom

filled it until forth, has roll shall handsSTOP SMOKING 65:1-2.) (Ibid., earth. whole the IT "IT PAYS"DOESN'T - COST Direct Prices and effort, with stop smoking you no can Now

to Discounts first easily, comfortably, the very day—or to inn mountain Colorado the recent refunded. medical your The From money Churches

discovery read about—have you NICOSchools Hotels marriage the of and Lord temple the absolutely harmless, nonSTOP, guaranteed

toxic, forming. Endorsed Societies Dining nonhabit by phyRooms far, but is not for time and eternity sicians. Used successfully At by thousands. Cafeterias

druggist's mail for or coupon your today of Keys lies between? destiny what sizes information available free about and

moneyback guarantee. the priesthood open sacred places for

FOR WRITE A, Saint Helena, Dept. NICOSTOP, exalted happiness and eternal life: CATALOG free information Please send and Calif.prices. Manufactured by NEW

keys of the kingdom. KWlOe. COMPANY

COLFAX, IOWA Name 78 CHURCH STREET

Address City State Millie's New Bonnet

(Continued from page 511) with the house start toward and OFFER... box WE

in the doorit. stood mother Her COMPLETE A

HOTEL LANKERSHIM ENGRAVING SERVICE way, surprise written large on her 7th & BROADWAY FromCatalogues.Missionary Portraits to the Largest face.

Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention "Mornin', Miz Jensen."Sid Harkinto the house the box ness brought CO. ENGRAVING UTAH

floor. "This to the it gently and slid St. Utah Salt Lake City, IN THE VERY HEART OF 113 Regent

LOS ANGELES box come in yestiddy. You remem534 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

ber the wagon train from St. Louie

that got stalled in the pass last winter and had to abandon part of their wagons? Well, they jist got

the rest of their load out, and this box was with it. I thought mebbe

you'd like to have it, so I fetched itout. They's a letter here, too, someCET THESE

wheres."He fished in several pockets andbrought forth a battered letter which HELPS WHEN he handed to Mrs. Jensen. She

glanced at it, and her face was suddenly transfused with light. YOU SEE

"Oh,"she breathed, "it's my mother's handwriting 1 It's a letter from home!"She clasped it to her (JTOCOLANObosom as if it were something very,

very precious, while sudden homesickness brought tears brimming toher eyes. THIS SUMMER

Millie and Priscilla watched wideeyed while their mother eagerly tore New Free Booklet "Highway Adventures"open the letter and read aloud: This booklet proved so popular last year that we have published

darling Daughter, "My edition even complete than the previous more 1952 a new—

father is "Your for asking. the still unforgiving for issue. appreciate You'll is yours having copy A

the disgrace you have caused us, this in your car—for suggestions on week end trips and vacations

but on this, your birthday, I can no in UtocoLand.

longer bear you ill will. Wilful you

have been, and have caused us great New Free Fishing Calendar sorrow, but you are still my daughThis shows the best days for fishing. It's based on the moon

ter, and I love you."and its phases and is in handy pocket size. It may add to your

Tears fell unheeded down Chloe's fishing fun.

cheeks, and her voice faltered and Superior Products and Servicestopped; but presently she controlled

herself and went on: Before going on your trip, drive in to your neighborhood Utoco

dealer for complete car service. Everywhere in UtocoLand,

"I will never know what perverse you'll get superior Utoco service and products..

spirit got into you to go with those

Mormons into an unknown wilderness with your three children, but

I have heard stories of some of the privations a few of those foolish zealots cannot endured, and I have "with UTOCOlbear to think and my of my daughter grandchildren going cold and hungry.I am sending a box rilled with some UTAH OIL REFINING COMPANY

leftof behind, the clothes you

If are in need, sweetmeats. you and A PUNCH TREAT!a few

I will send you more; though for the

present, I must do it without your father's knowledge. Perhaps he will Give the Best!

one day forgive you. As for me, the

house is so empty without the chilOstler'smost delicious,Paradise! finestThe

dren that I can no longer bear to be quality chocolates separated from you in spirit, no matmade! For every imoccasion beter how many dreary miles lie beportant

Ostler's sure they're tween us. Paradise!

"Your affectionate mother."

The girls looked on in astonishment theirwhile mother sobbed unconPARADISE trollably. trek Ostler's in all the long Not

WINNER OF 20 FIRST PRIZES AT UTAH STATE FAIR!

plains, across in all the the not ii sold! wherever Ask days Sold CANDY GOOD for it! J8S&\$y$&:'....

of afraid, cold being hungry and and Salt City, Lake Utah OSTLIR COMPANY, CANDY had they seen her cry like this.

JULY 1952 535 MILLIE'S NEW BONNET (Continued from preceding page)

Mr. Harkness cleared his throat "Yes'm. Well, I'll see you Sunloudly, his eyes suspiciously moist. day."And he was gone.

"Well, I guess I'll be goin'.""Oh, Mother, Mother, open the

The commonplace words brought box, please do!"exclaimed Priscilla,

reason back into the room, and Mrs. jumping up and down, her long, dark

Jensen speedily composed herself. braids flopping on her shoulders.

"Oh, thank you so much for bringPriscilla could never remember to ing the box, Brother Harkness. Exact dignified, even though she was alsick—"cuse my sheoutburst.swallowedI washardso homeagain. most a young woman, too. Millie

er5 s4s We!\emema

RICHARD L. EVANS

HThere come before us this day the memories of mothers.

Many mothers blessedly are with us, to whom we may turn our grateful attention, but many are unreachably far from us, and when they are gone, somehow we seem to have a sense of things we wish we had done that we didn't

SALT LAKE CITYDENVER do. And now as to memories: We remember patient lessons

Relaxation in the Prospectaught, and pridein lessons learned; we remember cupis highlighted tor's lounge

congenial atmosphere boards that always held some sustenance and satisfaction by the of traintime companionship. when we came home hungry; we remember nights when

You'll meet old acquaintwe returned too late when she was always awake and waitones as you new ances, make hospitality at ing; we remember picnics and tired returnings when she western enjoy

its friendliest best! who had so much more reason to be weary than we would

Make Your help us with knotted laces and stubborn buttons, and see

Next Trip a Pleasure Trip.. us settled in sleep, and then attend to countless household

Ride the Prospector chores before she thought of sleep for herself. We remember

things she afforded us which she wouldn't afford for herself and places she helped us go to which she didn't go, and her pleasure in learning of our pleasure when we returned to tell what we had seen and done. We remember cool, clean

sheets and the wearisome labor of washing that it took to COSTS LESS THAN make them so; and clean, fresh clothes, sometimes hung out

OPERATING in the heat of summer, sometimes in the cutting winter wind

YOUR OWN CAR! when the hands that hung them out and brought them back

would be cold and aching. We remember arms held open

Agent your friendly Rio Grande Consult fares. for us when we were hurt, hopes held high for us when schedules for information, and

we were down and discouraged, and quiet comfort for our

DENVER & RIO GRANDE WESTERN RAILROAD disappointments, and sustaining strength and faith for our future. We remember sorrows shared and confidences that

were always kept. We remember cool, quieting hands and

comforting encouragement in fever and in illness; and

tempting foods fixed for us, sleep lost for us, and prayers said for us. We remember prayers spoken at her knees, and VOLUME it possible for us to give her own prayers to an Eternal Father who did not fail her. makes

you a better deal on a Dodge All this and much more we remember of Mother. And this

or Plymouth. we would say to you who have mothers with you yet: Do

wish would you what now be to them for and them now adjustour make own insurance We if they were been wish you had would and had done you in fiinterest rates used ments. Bank

nancing. not now with you. Thank God for mothers—and for hallowed memories.

J. C. BURGESS

Downtown "3L. Jpoheniponen yvora[/word erom temple square DODGEPLYMOUTH

Dealer PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING 1000 South Main Street SYSTEM, MAY 11, 1952

Salt Lake City, Utah Copyright, 1952

536 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA brought the hammer quickly and pulled at the lid.

"Oh,"she wished aloud, "I do hope there's a bonnet in it! Mother, may I

have it if there is one? I do so want

a bonnet to go with my new dress!"

But there was no bonnet. Dresses

of good, firm material, underclothing, a handknit shawl, a colored scarf, stockings

Millie gave a squeal of delight.

"Slippers!"she exclaimed. And there

—andthey were,marvelshinyof andmarvels,black aandperfectnew

fit! There was another pair for

Priscilla!

While the girls ecstatically tried on their shoes, Chloe reached once more into the box. These little black velvet trousers Millie knew well; and

the white satin blouse that went with it. The Sunday suit her mother had

fashioned with such loving care for little Robbie, the suit, she had decided sensibly, that was too fine to carry on the long trek into the wilderness! And now little Robbie would

never wear it, for Robbie slept in the lonely little grave on the hill.

The girls'happy chatter was stilled at the stark grief in their mother's face. "What is that, Mother?"Priscilla

asked. Chloe silently held up the little velvet trousers. ECONOMICAL

"Robbie's!"Priscilla breathed. CUSTOMBUILT

"Grandmother doesn't know about

Robbie."Wrapped in her own HOMES

grief, Chloe had hardly noticed thesubdued girls, but now remorse smote BY KAM will prefabricate) (not PRECUT a KAM her. She must not quell joy. their The 'UTAHN'saving PLANS, you home to YOUR OWNShe smiled real bravely, exterior Combines beauty with finest Millie's and dimfine dollars. of Also hundreds many

interior economical planning. living Largeple to floor plans from which readymade deepened hesitantly. room, dining room, fireplace beautiful in

"Let's see what else there is,"said 2-bedroom home. choose.

Chloe. YOU CAN BUILD, or have built, the finest home of brick, stone or Frame at great

savings by working with KAM PreCut HOMES.

But there was no bonnet—down

in one corner was a big yellow rose, slightly FIRST SEE crumpled, but no bonnet.

all Alfor your building needsKAM garages, warehouses,—homes,though Millie could hardly conceal stores, barns, in Utah, be erected for etc. Can Wyoming, you

her disappointment, her buoyant spirIdaho, Nevada, Colorado, New Mexico and Arizona.

its could not be suppressed when WRITE OR PHONE TODAY FOR COMPLETE DETAILS AND FREE BOOKLETSher sent mother her on a welcome errand. pre.cut "Millie, will you take some broth Box 375, Kearns,KAMUtah—or—HOMESBox 1412, Salt Lake City

to Sister Blackburn now? She must Phone Murray 1503-W

be getting hungry. And perhaps she

would like a few of these dried apples Grandmother sent. They could

be boiled with a little rice or wheat For The Best In Church Literatureand a tasty make dish."

Millie welcomed this errand. Mrs. Send Your Friends

Blackburn ill had been for a week, THE IMPROVEMENT ERAand Millie had been running over 12 Issues $2.50

(Continued on following page) JULY 1952 537 Millie's New Bonnet Service to All {Continued from, preceding page} frequently with tasty bits of food, at the same time making Mrs. BlackTimely, effective Community Service to the burn comfortable and tidying up the

house for her. Of course, the fact

Intermountcdn Empire makes The Salt Lake that Roy was ploughing just through the fence had nothing whatever to do

Tribune a vibrant/ living part of the area it with her eagerness to go!

Millie tied the strings of her shabserves. In sports, cultural attractions, civic by and faded bonnet, and wished

again that she could have a new improvement efforts, agriculture, youth welone to frame her dark curls. She

tried to walk sedately down the fare and in charitable undertakings. The street, but if her feet did not skip,

Salt Lake Tribune is constantly striving to not—athere is little!no proof that her heart did

s serve the people of the Intermountain Millie found Mrs. Blackburn much

better and able to sit up a little.

Empire in fulfillment of its obligation as The Soon she would be able to finish the bonnets she was working on. She

Tie That Binds The Intermountain West. had been a milliner in the east, and

her clever hands had lost none of their skill. She thanked Millie for

sill* ', "y the broth and then added:

have done without you this last week The Sail Lake Tribune "Millie, I don't know what I would while I have been sick."

reall Millie right,"that's "Oh, A Great Newspaper Building

I "I bonplied. do wish could make

a Greater Intermountain West. nets like this one."She picked up a

'>MMWMMi:i halffinished bonnet of Panne velvet

and looked at it longingly. Everybody

Ellison's, that Sister and it was L.D.S. Business College knew Engclear from the velvet come had

is now a branch of land and had cost a very great deal.

"Isn't it lovely?"asked Millie

if I Brigham Young University wistfully. "Would you mind

tried it on?"

"No, of course not."Mrs. Blackattend L.D.S. you when COLBUSINESS Now

university of are a student at the the burn could not suppress a smile as you LEGE

Church. Credits earned here can be applied toward she watched Millie preen before the

college degrees, and an enriched program of social little cracked mirror. The deep brown

and spiritual development is now offered at L.D.S. was reflected in her sparkling brown

longhand. about Ask new classes in HYSPEED

fast! It turns longhand into shorthand Also new eyes.

Enroll Now classes in typing, shorthand, accounting and many Millie put the bonnet back in its for others. place, but some of the sparkle stayed

Midterm Call or write about further information. in her eyes as she made several

Summer You are always cordially invited to attend necessary and a few unnecessary trips

Session the... outside to the well, the chicken yard,

and the root cellar. And if Roy was

a little slow getting the plowing done, who could blame him? Millie was

I a lovely young woman, pretty in a

Branch of Brigham Young University wholesome way, sweet and good. He

70 NORTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY would like to take her out, but he was always so tonguetied in her presence. Millie waved to him cheerily as she went in and out, and once

close to the fence, she THE IMPROVEMENT ERA when he was stopped and chatted with him for "The Voice Of The Church"a few minutes. He almost asked her

12 Issues $2.50 then but couldn't quite get up the

courage. 538 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Millie was impatient and disgusted.

What was the matter with Roy, anyway? A great, hulking man—well,

nobody could call that sixfoot,:::::::!;::::!:SS:!:;:K?;;;;?:!:,!::(:i

broadshouldered, cleanlimbed hunkof manhood a boy any longer, even Mi if he was only eighteen—and he acted

as if he were afraid of her! Wouldn't

even ask to walk her home from church, though she knew in her heart he wanted to. Millie was too

much a woman not to be aware of his interest or the warmth of his movements.*****blue eyes as they followed her quick

Pioneer day dawned clear and hot.

The celebration was to begin with a program at the church. Millie donned

the new yellow dress and the shiny black slippers. She looked at the

shabby faded bonnet and decided against it. She could go bareheaded

this once. She patted her hair in

place and swirled around just once for the sheer pleasure of seeing her skirt billow out. Her mother called:;:.:,

"Millie, will you run over to Sister

Blackburn's for a moment, please, if you are ready? She has something

for you, she says."

Millie flew on light feet, curiosity spurring her onward. She burst in

at the door in a very undignified manner.

"Mother said you had—oh!"she

exclaimed, as Mrs. Blackburn handed

her a lovely black and white bonnet.

"For me?"she asked incredulously. TOWER ON A TUBE. The new Sky Harbor

She recognized the crumpled yellow Airport in Phoenix, Arizona, has a unique rose that had come in Grandmother's control tower that rises 100 feet into the air.

box, but it had been miraculously Perched atop a steel tube 9 feet in diameter, revived and nestled in a bed of black ittakeoffwill permitactivityefficienton allcontrolrunwaysof landingof the vastand velvet ribbon. Millie took the bonnet airport. The tower was built by U.S. Steel

carefully, almost reverently, and set further proof that only steel can do so many it on her dark curls. jobs so well.

"Oh, it's beautiful!"she breathed. "Oh, thank you so much!"Millie UNITED STATES STEEL

flew to the church on winged feet.

Roy separated himself from the group of boys by the door and walked with determined step, as if he had just made up his mind about something, straight to Millie's side.

"May I see you home?"he asked. "Why not?"she countered. Your Career

the street They walked off down together, Millie laughing merrily up in this age of atomic energy, international at Roy, while her velvet bonnet politics, and miracle drugs will depend on nodded with the quick movements of your adequate training for life and living.

her head. What Millie did not know Plan now to enroll in the west's fastest growwas that the bonnet had been ing university.

fashioned from a pair of little black velvet trousers, and the lining from BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY a little white satin blouse.

JULY 1952 539 BURL SHEPHERD, Editor

So they married. After a hectic year

which brought many heartaches and problems, they finally separated both admitted they had made a mistake. They realized they were

immature and their personalities, plans, and "dreams"were changing too rapidly.

More important than the actual age of a person, after the late teens and early twenties are reached, are emotional maturity and adequate acquaintance. Emotional age refers to

how one understands and controls his feelings, is able to meet life day by day, and how he is able to give of himself for the benefit of others. A

girl at nineteen may be emotionally mature and ready for marriage while another at twentyfive may not. A

young man who thinks mainly of himself and marries for selfish reasons is not old enough to "tie the—Photograph by Harold M, Lambert knot."

Getting wellacquainted also has a

What Is The Best Age For Marriage? definiteriage. Bettybearingandon John,readinesstwentyfor marand

by Rex A. Skidmore, Ph.D. twentytwo, had gone together for

. felt they were PROFESSOR OF SOCIOLOGY AND SOCIAL WORK three years and

UNIVERSITY OF UTAH "meant for each other."Yet at times

they wondered if they were old you had lived in the days of cessful marriage requires two mature enough to marry and assume the reIf Brigham Young, you undoubtedpersons who know each other well, sponsibilities as well as the joys of ly would have heard him talk in share basic goals and aims in life, the Tabernacle. At one large meetare in love, and are compatible othering he told all the single men, wise.

eighteen or over, to do two things: The average age for marriage in This is the seventh in a series of

First, build a log cabin, if only ten the United States is about twentythearticlesteen-ager,addressedandto especiallythe problemsto theof feet square, and second, get "you four for the man and twentyone for teenager in the family.

a bird to put in your little cage."the woman. Sociological studies

In other words, in pioneer days most show that of those who marry in their young men and women were married teens, an undue proportion encounter or were encouraged to marry in their serious difficulties and break up. living together. Consequently, they

late teens. From many viewpoints the early had a few heartto-heart discussions

Of course, we are not living in twenties seem desirable ages for marwhich brought them closer together.

pioneer days but in the atomic era. riage today. Generally, the girl is They talked about the responsibilities

What is the best time for marriage younger than the man, although beof a home, rearing a family, and the at present? Just because a young ing of the same age, or the girl older, financial obligations they would have

man has started to shave and a young is satisfactory if the couple feel all to share. Both felt mature enough to

woman puts her hair up in the newest right about the situation. accept the challenge, and they were

style doesn't indicate they are old Jackie married when she was sixeager to face the future together.

enough to marry. Likewise, reaching teen. She felt she was in love with Emotionally, they were well -contwenty-one doesn't mean marriage Don, an eighteenyear-old high trolled and thoughtful of each other.

should take place. Some people in school senior. Parents and other relaOne Sunday evening they went to

theirmarriage"—theyforties are notare "oldtoo enoughimmature.for tivesawhile.cautioned"Why, thatshouldtheywe?shouldWewaitare Betty'sto the homeradio. afterAfterchurchthe folksto listenhad

In addition to many birthdays, sucin love—and that is all that matters!"gone to bed, the conversation gradual540 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

ly turned to a discussion of prayer, the theme of the evening's meeting.

Fortalked—talkedthe next hourin aJohnseriousand mood.Betty

John finally said quietly to his sweetheart, "Let's kneel and pray together."Betty nodded her head as

she slipped her hand into his. They

knelt by the sofa, and each took a turn, giving thanks and asking for guidance. The prayers were not long

nor eloquent but were simple and sincere. When they opened their if you don't agree SUREJELL Pectin

eyes, Betty spoke first: "John, darling,

I feel we are old enough to marry makes jams and jellies with that asked have wenow—now God finer Real FreshFruit Flavor!*to us."join with This couple were

achieving spiritual maturity which is so important for building successful marriage.

Statistically, ages nineteen to thirtyfive seem best for successful marriage.

Practically, young men and women are old enough for marriage in their late teens and early twenties if they are in love, are wellacquainted (have gone together preferably about two years or more), are emotionally and spiritually mature, and if they share basic goals and interests in life. Remember, the number of birthdays you

have had is only one indication of readiness for marriage.

Handy Hints

Payment for Handy Hints used will be dollarone publication. upon In the event We make this offer to let you see for yourself that jams and jellies made

that two with the same idea are submitted, the one postmarked earlier will receive the with SureJell have more of that rich Real FreshFruit Flavor. Here's why:

dollar. of the ideas None can be returned, Coded for freshness—you know SureJell is fresh!but will each receive careful consideration.

If you wish to start a rosebush, cut off Oneminute boil—saves precious juice and flavor!

slip stick and into stem a white potato. 60 kitchentested recipes—for perfect results, follow recipes exactly.

is I find,This, the surest and simplest way to make it take root. Mrs. F. N., Highly concentrated—a natural fruit pectin product!

Reedsport, Ore.

*HERE'S or camping picnicking, try When ALL YOU DO carrying granulated sugar *o get in a covered,ripIe your moey back IT'S A FACT!syrup pitcher, with the selfclos- handy

ing spout. Flies, ants, and other pests Almost 3}i times as many

will become discouraged and leave you. glasses of jam and jelly were return the front 7. c lavor> J ust

—Mrs. A. M., Los Angeles, Calif. made with SureJell in 1951

"it)PackageSSJJ*to SureJell, all other Dept than were made with Bolt car an old to wheel the wall of rk "> PW?5$i8T? New York 17, a, \Z'Y N pectins combined. powdered 6 *the your garden for workshop, in use storing and address "i* whar naAve aid yI. fr Pthe hose. and garden hose Wind around 2"***- 25 le wort h sTo n the flavor disappointedthe for storage, wheel and will!. you uWhy vnn

find it easy to remove for use. C.W.P.,

for SureJell,i rg?f backplUsOakland, Calif. A Product of General Foods Postagetriple whatcosts.you paid

On picnics you can keep the cloth for the table from blowing off by sewing a pocket on each corner of the cloth. When you are ready to use it,

drop a stone into each of the pockets. rd Peefi

—Mrs. G. H., Hinckley, Utah.

JULY 1952 541 ALL-O-WHEAT GLORIFYING THE MILK CAN cereal by Mildred McKenzie 9 LjotA, Can 2/jo Jrt!

banquet for three hundred, and HThis column for young peothe table decorating assigned to ple, and for any others i I/eJcmUcua-. A me! The summer flowers were who wish to take advantage of

It is made from the in full bloom but what to put them it, features articles of a "howfinest whole wheat in? I looked with longing at the todo-it"nature. Contribuand contains ALL the nutrition lovely crocheted basket mother had tions are welcome and will be

and goodness of the ENTIRE given me. Oh, for enough of those! considered for publication at

wheat kernel! That was impossible, of course, so regular rates.

SERVE YOUR FAMILY I made enough of these with paper lots of doilies and evaporated milk cans. 5. Set can in center of 4-or 5-inch Breakfast Cereal this complete

doily and fasten this also to the doily cover on the can with four pieces of tape. 6. Hold one hand around can

push slightly up from bottom and remove can from the "basket"you have made for it. Reinforce inner

edge of "basket"with strips of tape

People keep using ALL-O-WHEAT beover edge of opening.

cause it protects their health and tastes 7. Cut inch strips from remnant of

so good. first large doily. Thread strips on

wire and connect with tape after they are on—leave 6 inches on each

end bare. 8. Fasten wire to each side of can.

This is now ready to fill twothirds full of water and arrange flowers.

These may be carried quite a distance

An empty milk can, some wire, paper and still be in good shape.

doilies, and ribbon can be put together To put together: Hold can in one

attractively for a party flower basket. hand and basket in the other and

slip can in. All that is left to do is

Material required for one basket: to tape sides of top doily to the

1 12inch square doily handle so that the basket will have 1 12inch round doily form and stay in place. For some-

1 4-or 5- inch round doily thing really feminine, the addition cellophane tape of a bow of ribbon is lovely. Doilies

1 3-foot length of wire that aren't too lacy are easier to 1 empty tallsize milk can handle.

Directions

1. Enlarge holes at top edge of

can and punch a hole in each side directly below the top holes, to fasten wire for handle. Punch additional

holes in top of can, large enough that flowers can be inserted.

2. Cut 4-inch strip from large

square doily (or small ones taped together). Roll around can and fasten

tape. scotch with WwwHI'ili'fi hilli mm

pencil line around can in 3. Draw lOO

mflRCflL centercenter ofof largedoily,roundbut cutdoily.it oneCuthalfout

line pencil the smaller inch than nnPKins 'it slashes or four three shows. Make

with scissors to the pencil line.

Bottom and sides of flower basket are 4. Turn can upside down on table; made as a unit around the can, then reslip large doily over and down to moved from can while handles are fastened

table. Tape slashed sections to the on.water Thebeforecanslippingmay beit intopartlybasketfilledagain.withMAKERS OF KltChM CflQfttl

can. SUPER WAXED PAPER doily cover on the

542 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Home Canning Hints

Home canning is home saving! Whether

you put up berries and vegetables from your own garden, or buy when produce is cheap and plentiful, you cut next winter's food bills 'way down. And here are

a few ways to save even more.

Lid with the Difference'All closures are not alike.

Ball Dome Lids are different because of the Dome, with its famous "TouchTest"Seal. Just press to

test. Dome down, jar

sealed. So easy—so positive. Switch to Ball Dome

Lids for premium protection of every precious jar.

SIMMER SUPPER FOR A Watch Those Bands!

W You can use new Dome Lids CROWD with old bands. But bent or damaged bands won't seal

perfectly. Be safe. Get Ball

2-piece Dome Caps, with unique 3-pointSomehow it seems we ought to be Tuna Summer Salad pressure bands that seal firmly all around.

able to have a party for a crowd (Serves 50)

Jars? Need New on a warm summer evening with- 2 quarts tuna fish, flaked course Then of you'll want

out worrying about the price of steak, 1 small cauliflower, grated Ball Dome Jars, the ONLY or even hamburger, and without rely16 tomatoes, quartered jars that come equipped ing on soda pop to quench our thirst. 12 green onions, chopped with genuine Dome Lids.

sizes, All %, pint galto % heads quality protein can but 2 be high The lettuce, shredded lon, regular or wide Spacesaving mouth.

mayonnaise 1 cupless expensive meat: than nonslip shape, gripping Baked ribs. square Ball

beans, deviled eggs, tuna and cheese 1 cup salad dressing Jars outsell all others!

dishes, nuts and nut butters, green Combine all salad ingredients except Something NEW!peas and beans—all can be glorified dressings. Mix dressings and thin out The new Ball Freezer Jar

for summer meals. with milk, if desired. Lightly fold with Dome Cap is a real "allEveryone's delight at the end of dressings into salad, just before serving. purpose"jar. Great for home

a warm day is a large, cold salad. French dressing is excellent for this freezer,use. Evenlocker,more refrigeratorimportant,

Why not feature salads for a change, salad, also. perfect for home canning.

then? The wide mouth and tapered shoulderAnd in the season of fruit, let's CabbagePineapple(Serves 50) Salad lessclean.sidesYou'llmakelikeit soBalleasyFreezerto fill, Jarsempty,for

principleskick over the favorite purpose. of menu every Your food store

quarts cabbage, shredded 6 or can for you. get them has them serve fruit extravagantplanning and

crushed or diced pineapple 3 quarts inly in salads, desserts, and in 2 cups fruit dressing or sour cream Get My Free Booklet berries, etc., Melons,punch. help dressing I've streamlined my latest

to simplify the dessert problem, and canning and freezing recordinary lemonade can be dressed Combine cabbage and pineapple. Add ipes, methods, timetables,

up with a little raspberry juice to dressing when ready to serve. in a handy new booklet.

for the asking.make a delightfully refreshing drink. Yours

to: Drop a postcard

Here's a tentative menu. You will French Dressing BALL BROTHERS CO.,

think of many other ideas. 1 tbsp. brown sugar Dept. ERA1, Muncie, Ind.

Tuna Summer Salad 1 tsp. salt CabbagePineapple Salad l/2 tsp. paprika t

AsparagusCheese Casserole!/3 cup cider vinegar

Baked Potatoes 1 clove garlic, sliced 1 cup salad oil Deviled Eggs Corn Bread Prune Butter!/3 cup cold water (optional) for Your Home Canning!

Watermelon Cookies Combine all ingredients in a bottle (c) 1932. O.B CO.

Fruit Punch {Continued on following page)

JULY 1952 543 Summer Supper for A Crowd

{Continued from preceding page) and shake well. The water is added

for those who wish a milder dressing.

Makes about 2 cups. Fruit French

Dressing: omit garlic and salt and use

fruit juice instead of vinegar. (From

Leah D. Widtsoe, How To Be Well,

p. 322.)

—Photograph by Harold M. Lambert

AsparagusCheese Casserole (Serves 50)

5 lb. asparagus, cooked

3 quarts medium white sauce 1 quart medium nippy cheese, grated bread crumbs

To make white sauce, combine \ x/2 cups flour and iy2 cups melted butter over medium heat; add 1 quart milk

and stir until thickened. Add 2 quarts

milk, stirring constantly until smooth and thickened. Add 1 tbsp. salt. Reduce heat and stir in grated cheese.

Pour sauce over asparagus in casserole.

Top with crumbs and heat in oven at 350 F. about 20 minutes.

Deviled Eggs

SAFELY SEALED 50 eggs HEAR IT!... SEE IT! Yes, hear this new Bernardin \y2 cups mayonnaise

telling your you that home SIGNAL SAFETY canning 1 cup milk see the depressed safe because you... doubly seal is safe

cap, and hear the Bernardin snap. l/2 cup lemon juice

All These Features, too! 1 tbsp. salt

LIVE SAFETY RINGS of latex built right into the Bernardin lid 3/4 tbsp. mustard

grip tight to jar rims for high vacuum seal.

acid resistant white food TRIPLE COATED... IIDS enamel, on Hard cook eggs, peel and cut lengthtin. coating of a heavy gold lacquer on tough

PACKED READY TO USE... Bernardin lids are packed backto- wise. Remove yolks and mash thorback... no sticking... lids slide out ready to use. oughly. Combine yolks with other innew Bernardin SIGNAL... SNAP well. Snap Lids tell you when the gredients Fill egg whites and mix

"snap!'a distinctive safe with seal is

of paprika. and top with a dash

Corn Bread

(50 servings—2 pans 18"x 25") BerNARdin

2'/2 quarts sifted wholewheat flour

CAPS AND SNAP LIDS 2 cups brown sugar..Just ask for snap caps and lids. \ l/2 tbsp. salt

544 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Y4 cup baking powder in heavy kettle with just enough water 7 cups corn meal to cover bottom oE pan. Simmer until

V/4 cups eggs (about 6) prunes are soft and then put through 2 I/2 cups shortening, melted a sieve. Measure and add sugar,

2!/4 quarts milk spices, and grated lemon rind. Cook

Sift flour, sugar, salt, and baking slowly, stirring frequently, until smooth powder together. Add corn meal and and thick. Cool.

mix thoroughly. Combine beaten eggs, Fruit Punch

melted shortening, and milk. Pour

liquid mixture into dry ingredients all 6 cups brown sugar at once, and mix lightly until just com- 3 quarts water bined. Mixture will have a lumpy 2 dozen large oranges

appearance. Pour into greased pans 1 dozen lemons

and bake in hot oven (400 F.) about 1 quart pineapple juice (or any other)

25 minutes.

6 quarts water (or 3 qts. water and 3

Prune Butter qts. plain unflavored soda water)

4 cups cooked prune pulp Boil sugar and 3 quarts water 2 min- \y2 cups brown sugar utes; cool. Add orange, lemon, and

1 tsp. nutmeg pineapple juice to chilled syrup. Add

V2 tsPcinnamon cold water. If soda water is used, add

1 lemon, grated rind only it just before serving. This will serve

Wash, halve, and pit prunes. Place 50, with refills.

Bind Your

Improvement Eras for Reference

Preserve your Improvement Era copies by having them bound into permanent COLOR IN BEDROOMS yearlythem volumes.excellent You'llreferencefind

in mini mil mini iimiiuiim mini iiiiiiinmmiiimiH mm iiimmminimiiiiiiiillllllli sources for your family, and they are a proud addition by A. D. MacEwen (The fifth in a series of articles on to any library. Quality

color for today's home) workmanship and materials

IIIHIIIIIIHimillHIMIIIIIIIIIIIIItlllllllllllllHIIIIIIHimHMIIIIIHHIIHHMIIIIIIIIIIIIIHimil will these volumes make of us several bedrooms haveMost lifetime. last a lifetime. during our We may change in keeping. Let's see how

move from one home to anthis works out.

other only once or twice, but the Beginning at the beginning, there The cost is just $3.00 per volume

City; (F.O.B. postpaid, Salt add Lake of bestagesvery growing and up nursery. is the very young child The foreign other and Canada

older us a type give each ofcoming is influenced probably not 75c.) by 30c.countries much add

of bedroom at each stage. Not only color in this nursery stage of his

do personal color preferences change life. He is much too absorbed in Save your Eras and send them for binding to

with the years, but the very purpose learning the familiarities and associaand function of the bedroom also tions of the form of things. Howchanges during these years. The ever, as the child grows just a little Deseret News Press

general color scheme should likewise (Continued on following page) #8 South Main Street Salt Lake City, Utah

JULY 1952 545 COLOR IN BEDROOMS

(Continued from preceding page) it is naturally the bright, pure, priolder, he discovers color all around mary colors which first attract. These

him. He is fascinated by some of are certainly not suitable for covering

it, and even at this stage begins to any large surface, and at this stage, form color associations quickly and the mass colors of the room should to a marked degree. In most homes, be fairly wellbalanced. This is in

the bedroom of the small child is preparation for the more subtle color also the playroom—his own little associations that soon will be forming. LAWSUITS private living room. The colors in The wall shades should not be too

FREQUENTLY FOLLOW this room are very important to his dark, and of the warm type. Warm

ACCIDENTS development.child psychologistsWe doto notapplyhaveourtoobbe tans,good. beiges,The orceilinglight andrust trimshadesareasare

When an accident happens it's too servations of certain color reactions should be balanced by being the cool late to. to wish were insured you greens, or even pale get planned color into the bedshades—graytake.. intentions won't good and roomplayroom. probably agree that cream. You will

it protection piace of the when comes to settlement. So ask your As the child becomes aware of color, this is a safe color theory to use at

local KOL03 AGENT to review your auto insurance policy, and to show you other places where you pos- "JvavavjSSixiTvSs sibly need protection. As a representative of the Iritermountain

insurance general West's largest strong, \Jvi Jwfanitu assure of he can agency stock company policies, all types of RICHARD L. EVANS

insurance and prompt, fair settlement of claims. Comehow or other it seems that the use of language which

profanes the name of Deity has become a most flagrantly casual custom, until one may hear it sometimes in the most unexpected places and from the most unexpected people.

Some of those who permit themselves profane utterance may be merely careless or thoughtless; some seem to be selfFRANK SALISBURY, MGR. consciously affecting an air of sophistication; some seem de330 Judge Bldg. Salt Lake City fiantly offensive. Sometimes offensive oaths and profane

utterances are used by people who may sincerely feel that they are adding strength and force and firmness to their words. But whenever a person feels that he must employ

profanity to add weight to his words, one rather suspectsCRAWFORD that there is some inherent weakness in his words, which fact he is trying to cover up by the use of an overdose of bad language—like trying to kill the offensive flavor of unHMMBrUFf

savory food with a suspiciously heavy covering of condiDOORS

THE DOOR THAT LIFTS FREE ments. A simple truth does not need the bolstering of bad

AND EASY AT EITHER SIDE language. A simple truth simply needs accurate and sincere

utterance. And aside from religious and moral considerations,

the common use of profanity and oaths does much to weaken our words. Our tongue is a powerful tool if we will use it

with direct and earnest simplicity and not attempt to blast our way through our ideas with profane and irreverent utterance. At best, profanity is in bad taste; at worst, it is a

grave offense. And scarcely would it seem consistent that

we should pray for divine favor for the protection of our loved ones, for the preservation of our lives, for peace, for health and happiness, and for our daily needs, and then go about profaning the name of him whom we have asked for

RADIO CONTROLLED ELECTRIC help. There is still this commandment for the keeping of

DOOR OPERATORS FOR ALL which we are still accountable: "Thou shalt not take the

OF MAKES GARAGE will in vain: for the of the Lord Lord thy not DOORS. name God CLOSES OPENS DOORS AND

1 AT THE FINGER. OF A TOUCH guiltless in vain."that taketh his name "Our hold him

Father which art in heaven, Hallowed be thy name."2 *

Crawford MarvelLift Door i$ the first and only garage door to be *Revised.

awarded industry's highest honor, Deuteronomy 5:11.

the Merit Award of the American 2Matthew 6:9.

Society of Industrial Engineers. Jhe Jaoken)poteen l/l/ord1/1/ord FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

BROADCASTING AND THE COLUMBIA sales co. PRESENTED OVER KSL door CRAWFORD

18, 1952 SYSTEM, MAY 4-6531* 155 City W. 2 So. Salt Lake Copyright, 1952

546 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA first, when the bedroom occupant is too young to express his wishes in a practical way. We know, too, that

it won't be long before the general associations of reds and yellows with warmth, and greens and blues with coolness and rest, begin to assert themselves. These are unconscious

feelings. However, the usual child

searches always for coziness and security, especially when left alone. the difference

When he is playing on the floor, the coolest part of the room, warm walltones will add to this feeling of Milk warmth and security. When he is

lying in the semidark for the afternoon nap, a restful ceiling shade willaid repose. Accessories and toys, makes!

which change as the child develops, may be of the brighter colors preferred at the time, to give interest.

By the time the child reaches school age, his imagination is really working. More and more outside

influences are felt, and from this age on for a few years, color associations, both pleasant and unpleasant, form rapidly and frequently. The vast

majority are shortlived, but some are carried on even to adult years.

If tried you the to change bedroom colors time every color preferEach pound a new ence "phase"was evident, it would contains the be an almost impossible—and certainly uneconomical—task. The trick Non Fat Milk

its minimize imporis—and don't

observe in the trendstance—to color Solids of—

association, and do something aboutthose which show signs of reasonable 7 OUNCESpermanency. In today's paint age, OFMM

the cost and effort for change are small. The beneficial results may be MORE FOOD VALUE

seemingly obscure, but they will add their weight to the influences other BETTER FLAVOR for a happy childhood.

is child as each Now obviously, MilkImproved Table Queen different, to it is impossible suggest specific colors suit which would all costs no more than ordinary breadcases. should this that remember We

is a combined bedroomplayroom, and thus warm tones should predominate. But don't hestitate to use

cool blues or greens, if they are the current favorite colors. After

color all, PIKES PEAR should be the servant, not the master. Presence of colors, cooler

especially ceiling, on the can add FLOUR comfort on those hot summer eveWith FOUR nings when sleep comes with diffiExtra Baking culty. Don't hestitate to get the Advantages

older child in on the final selection.

After all, it's his room. SALT LAKE FLOUR MILLS

The exodus from elementary school PONCHITO says buy 425 West 5th South

CALIFORNIA EARLY Salt Lake City, Utah—the entering of the teen years pitted olives cadet ripe

(Continued on following page) JULY 1952 547 WIN THIS Color In Bedrooms SUNFLOWER,, (Continued from preceding page) the change from youngster to youth TUNA SERVER f On the back o*a Breast -0-—what changes it brings! A whole

Chicken Tuna label, fancy solid new series of influences are at work, or chunk pack,, complete, this and the whole outlook changes, sentence in 15 words or less: sometimes quite drastically. The boy

"We love Breast-0'-hiekfin Tuna usually becomes more interested in because.. "Add up to 15 wore words. sports and in his feeling of masculine superiority. The girl, likewise,

It Hail to 8rea$t'0'-Chicke,n Tuna, childish things"tends to "put away 1-27?,0. Box 300?, Los Angeles Oept

to attention things more and pays 5f, California. feminine. The bedroom ceases to

be a playroom, but still remains a personal living room. It should be 3,000

to be igiven J wanted,expected butthat lightdeeperis tonesan importantwill be

Beautiful, actual colors. factor. The bedroom is now also a 75 inches in diameter BREAST place of reading and for study. With

Weal for tuna salads, PURE AMERICAN PACK, due regard for room proportioning, sandwiches and hors NO Artificial Preservatives.'try to have the ceiling and the wall

d'oewes. Made in CalNO Artificial Flavor Boasters area facing the windows light in

ifornia to sell for $15NO Artificial Coloring! character. Make sure that artificial

b# Brad KLee/er Artwares. lighting is really adequate. It is also

$ntest ends August 20, helpful to have the one wall, seen 1952. See contest rules when the eyes are lifted from study

at grocers. desk or table, in a medium tint of

Guaranteed * by bluegray or greengray—making it Good Housekeeping

easier for the eyes when working 1952 WESTGATESUN HARBOR COMPANYCHICKENthe brand that brings you only the D6SC(ftUni with print on white paper. This

may be the ceiling color, carried as recommended in down. When choosing accessory

Reader's Digest colors for enameled furniture, drapes, etc., let the occupant have his or her

that say. contrast suggest Merely

in these interest adds and life; NEW FAUCETS I? FROM OLD m%0 example, deep greens add to thefor

each masculinity of a boy's rust or tan with new room; warm yellows give cheer and

w NO ROTATE fj sparklevery importantin the "blue"bedroom,room.stage.ThisPresis a FAUCET WASHER tige, so eagerly sought by the teenStop wasteful, nervenagging, leaking fauagers, will be gained if they can

cets—even old ones that otherwise might bring friends into this, their perhave to be replaced—with NOROTATE, sonal "living"room, with a sense of

the amazing washer written up in Reader's personal pride.

Digest. NO -ROTATE outlasts ordinary At the next stage of life, choice of

washers 10 to 20 times because it plugs bedroom color is further complicated.

shut instead of grinding away with every The room is now shared by two peoturn of the faucet. Used for many years by ple. Compromise of personal color

large hotels, hospitals and other public prejudices is necessary. However, the

buildings. Simple to install with ordinary bedroom is now just a bedroom, its

household tools—wrench, screw driver function as a living room no longer

and pliers. Now available for home use! existing. The room is mainly occupied on three occasions: preparing

YOUR DEALER HAS THEM NOW! for a good night's rest, getting up in

the gray light to another day ahead,

Unbreakable to look like glass.... mouldedLightand for relatively short periods of j

weight, noise free. Ecomaking changes of dress. At the

height. Standard nomical. close of day, the thoughts and feeldealer. vour Order from

call of repose are ings desired and SPECIAL OFFER A delightful restful colors. of us need Most Mail $1.00 for trial for those for lot of hot beverage

one dozen sent postpaid. who don't drink coffee. a little encouragement in the mornBRASS GOODS'CO. 55 Sudbury St., Boston 14, Mass. AT YOUR GROCERS ing and require a helpful, stimulat548 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

ing color. Warm color to offset the this adaptation will add apparent

: room chill at this time is also desize as well.

sirable. Perhaps just these three conIn most bedrooms at this stage, siderations can guide us. The latter lighting is important only to enhance X*

two should lead to predominating the color scheme of the room, with warmer tones. To satisfy the first, brighter light required in two areas

tones—suchthe ceiling andas trimbluegray,can beorin greencooler rorsaroundandtheat vanitythe headandof dresserthe bedmiror

gray. Ceiling color can be carried beds, for those who read a bit bedown the wall behind the head of fore dropping off. This means that

the bed, so that a restful color is deeper color tones can be used here;

the last seen as you go to bed—bethe depth of tone should be governed

sides enhancing the rich wood of the by the finish of the wood in the furbedstead itself. In the smaller room, nishings.

Make MORE for LESS THE EDITOR'S PAGE with Sure, Dependable (Concluded from page 502) has been distinctly marked, and the face, of blush."the of Jesus George, and Church Bemembers Why?

all act others, the M. C. P. simple are given that little cause had within Christ, and

I believe of of truth or error. the spirit it the expression of the choice

spirit find Revolution. the Jam and Jelly throughout of freedom you cannot The

was expressed by that woman in a Church one young man who if the little deed of service to her country. choice be given him would say: "I PECTIN That is why General Greene wrote: choose to serve the world."Why is The Pectin that Jells More

"Hide your face, George, and blush."it then that we do sometimes serve Fruit and Sugar per Package. *

So it may be in the Church; some the world? It is through ignorance Saves You Time, Work, Money! little act by a deacon, a teacher, a or weakness.

priest, an elder, a high priest, a sevenIt is the duty of the Latterday TO MAKE FRESH BERRY

... ty, an Apostle, or anyone-—some litSaints to teach young people how to JAMS FOR INSTANCE

tle act may manifest his service to serve the Master. The Church, though (For 1 Recipe)

is his express world, loyalty in the the world. that Church and not of HERE'S BUY!. lbs.) 3 quarts (3WHAT fullyYOUripe berries any feels, "which distinct every are armies; they two young which There man variety; lbs. 4 sugar; 1 package M.C.P...

2 every young man desires to express, are facing each other. The Church Pectin;lemons 14or sevenounceM.C.P. Lemonglasses;Juice paraffin;for Strawand which can best be manifested stands for truth; the enemy is error. berry Jam and Black Raspberry Jam.

by service in the work of the Lord. May God help us and make us feel HERE'S WHAT YOU DO!

1 stem, Wash, berries, grind or and crush this to Let this our us choose teach the day, duty day throughout young layer at is time so a berry each reduced to pulp. all Israel, to to serve blessof old: say with the Joshua how God and may

2. exactly Measure 6 level cups crushed

of If into berries not ings large kettle. ye choose. our Father the I know what be to fill upon youth water may Add

ye do not wish to serve the Lord, of Israel and upon all the Saints Strawberryout last cup,Jamif andnecessary.Black Raspberry(NOTE: JamFor

choose ye other gods; go after the everywhere, that we may choose to usefresh534or cupsM.C.P.crushedLemon berriesJuice.) and lA cup

Pectin, stir well, bring tospirit of the world, if you will; "... serve him and keep his commandboil,3. AddstirringM.C.P.constantly.

but as for me and my house, we will ments, for there is nothing in life 4. NOW, add 8 1/2 level cups sugar (preserve the Lord."that brings more happiness than rollingviously boil,measured),BOIL EXACTLYmix well, 4bringMINUTES.to full

fire, 5. let from Remove boil subside, stir The line between truth and error righteous living—than serving God. for turns and 5 minutes. skim by

6. Pour into sterilized glasses, allowing

1/2-in. space for sealing with fresh paraffin.

THE CHURCH MOVES ON HERE'S WHAT YOU GET!

(Continued from page 497) City by hundreds of volunteer priestOl It was announced that L. D. S. hood and other members.

"Business College will become a 14 SEVENOUNCE GLASSES OF THE branch of Brigham Young University on O O It was announced that during the FINEST BERRY JAM YOU EVER TASTED!

June 1. The business college will there- ""recent floods in Salt Lake City,

after be known as the L. D. S. Business 743 homes were damaged—296 seriousofCollege branch Brigham UniYoung ly; families evacuated from were jam itsversity. business college courses Those six shelfinding temporary wards—392441 JBIYthat meet requirements will and be acter for themselves being and fortyeight

credited for college credit by the Northassisted by ward and stake welfare comINSURANCE western Association of Secondary and mittees; 3388 individuals spent 30,394

Higher Schools. Faculty members will manhours working on flood projects

be members of Brigham Young Univerduring the emergency, with 176 trucks, sity faculty, and President Kenneth S. "ducks,"and other pieces of equipment

designatedBennion will be as director being contributed to combat the flood; A Product ofof the business college branch.

5490 persons received 9698 inoculations MUTUAL CITRUS PRODUCTS CO.

y D This week began the clean up of over a threeweek period at three imEstablished 1928 Anaheim, Californiar1 "flood affected areas in Salt Lake munization centers.

JULY 1952 549 THE WORLD OE THE JAREDITES (Concluded from page 510) published in 1830, when Joseph experience of Western man as the Smith was but twentyfour years old other side of the moon. and the Church not yet organized.

Yet some of my intellectual friends

On the other side of the picture are even now knocking themselves we have the Lord himself speaking out to show that all such ideas were "in all humility"(what a commenthe product of Joseph Smith's later tary on humility!) to any man who thinking, and that the idea of anyLooking For Cool, is ready to receive him. The Jaredthing like his First Vision was first

ites were not Israelites or even the worked out by a committee in NauComfortable Dining? seed of Abraham: They were simply voo in 1843.

human beings, apparently a nondeThere is nothing like the story of script body of no particular racial the Jaredites to show us that the gosHere's the place for you! affinity. Time and place cease to pel is as timeless as it is true.

fry our in and Come of story, for this new exist in many men historical If the of part the book Dining Room. Temple View face spoke record have no we whom to forth the of to be Ether put were fine food the same Enjoy before the to face long with Lord of text translation as the world some so many that has won

fulfil his mission. earthly to he came of let say, in us the the found, Cave for Coffee Shop our friends

over the years, plus extra This remarkable indifference to any Thousand Buddhas, the experts on comfort and new beauty. quality but faith is carried in Ether early Asia might think it a work of

You'll want to come often even into the next world, where we fiction but would find nothing in it,—and bring the family, too. learn that the Lord has prepared barring the strange proper names, to

special kiddies love our The [his] of the mansions "among it reflected that a doubt them make our souvenir and menus for (see Father"a house man If culture. ancient Id., genuine you want

club. secret for the children of men"32), "a place cautious, very say might to be you

where the faithful of this earth shall there is very little in it that would

HOTEL otherbe at worlds.home amongThus thethe faithfulbonds ofof mindannoy thatthe expert.Asiatic studiesBut bearingare stillin

disare place completely time and the considering in embryo, and TEMPLE SQUARE the theology, solved in Moroni's and this conditions under which work Clarence L. West, Manager that promises warnings and same published the fabulously and was

hung over the world of the Jaredites remote probability of the writer's are handed on to our own world. getting anything right at all, I think

IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS In closing, let me point out that it no further credentials are necessary

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple is in the Book of Mormon, specificalto establish the authenticity of the sore throat and other minor mouth ly in the book of Ether, that we book. The book of Ether, claiming

and throat irritations. read about things beyond the veil, to be reporting the ways of very early

of other worlds than this-—many Asiatics, rings the bell (like the book

mansions, among which the faithful of First Nephi) much too often to HALLS REMEDY the inherit this of of represent marksmanship world of man but 'one—and City. Utah Salt Lake shooting at talk in the dark. Christ face random with Jesus men who

to face in visions. All this I find (The End)

CATHEDRAL TOBACCO. AN EVIL INFLUENCE

CHIMES m (Continued from page 531) tion."We believe, with no reservaIIIIIIUE the program and doction, that the cigaret is a device of i harmony with

trine of the Church then they are the devil, and the insidious methods

MAAS CHIMES, Dept. 219, Los Angeles 39, Cal. antagonistic towards it, and because applied by the advertising mediums

the influence from the Church is unbear -this out.

questionably good, it is of course Are we narrowminded? We think

wrong for the youth to remain away not, and we say this in all sincerity

Send for a free copy of from Church activity. even though we are well aware that

Section 89 of the Doctrine and some who smoke remain away from

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Covenants was given as a revelation church activity because they may feel from God. In this section we are unwelcome. These members are not

INDEX FOR 1951 told, "Behold, verily, thus saith the denied the usual privileges, however,

Include 3c postage Lord unto you: In consequence of and they are never singled out as

evils and designs which do and will being unworthy. Any incentive

50 North Main St. exist in the hearts of conspiring men gained by them to remain away is

Salt Lake City 1 in the last days, I have warned you, something entirely personal with and forewarn you, by giving unto them. The consensus among our

you this word of wisdom by revelamembers is that we should certainly 550 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA make these folk welcome, short of refraining from teaching the Word of Wisdom. It should easily be seen

that the smoker has no more right to be offended because discussion embraces this subject than one who is unchaste is offended because the topic of chastity is discussed. We are

all anxious to know more of the word of God, and we attend church meetings for inspiration and guidance.

Some believe smoking is a relatively minor thing and that many good works and temporal ordinances are not completed as a direct result of too much stress being placed on teaching the Word of Wisdom. In

this regard it is quite probable that tobacco is just one of numerous stimuli that tend to chill the member's responsiveness and enthusiasm.

Anyone sold on the gospel of Jesus

Christ would forego smoking as a token of submission to our Lord's suggested words of wisdom, given not by way of commandment or constraint but as a principle adapted to the capacity of the weak. How can

we possibly oppose with argument the meaning of this revelation.

There is obviously no alternative Just Open A SAVINGS ACCOUNT for us. Either the we accept 89th

section of the Doctrine and Cove-... IT'S TODAY'S with $50.00 or moreNOW!and you will receive

nants and try to preserve our youth BEST BUY IN TRAVEL! FREE your lovely Schaeffer Fineline pen

set. pencil by andfrom to the influence open of evil any Take that takes road—Savings Accounts in any amount $1 to schedules Frequent Greyhound!them activity, away or from Church $25,000. fares save money. low save time;

we abolish the principle of that sec32 years of continuous operation.

VaGreyhound's FREE tion. Per CURRENT % VPS is never A revelation

will Service cation Planning arDIVIDEND S'c Annumabolished comsight- special hotels, range for by man—therefrom Godis no

promise. is transportation—there know an evil seeing, We

cost! one low influence that stems tobacco, from all for Utah Savings

even though the tobacco itself is not and Loan Association immoral. An evil influence origi172 West Center, PROVO, UTAH

nates from only one source, the devil. MAIL HAN DY COUPON

Tobacco to is a threat the wellbeing to or order Send your check money of our youth, Center, therefore, W1MZ. have, Provo, 172 Utah Savings, and and we

every moral right to attach an evil BIG CITIES SUNNY BEACHES yourwill besavingsmailed topassyou bookimmediately.and pen set

influence to it. See your Greyhound Agent about

popular vacationlands all over Name

America, Canada, and Mexico. Address

Ask for FREE FOLDER! City Zone....State t

HOMECOMING HEADQUARTERS FOR L.D.S.

IN LAS VEGAS. NEVADA I By Elaine V. Emans I

YE KINGS REST MOTEL T Tome may be the merest hollow 526 SOUTH 5TH STREET * a B. Foutz, stone, Dr. * Underneath Harold Owner CO. SALT LAKE COSTUME Foutz, to H. or barn Bank eaves Edgar Manager St., Salt Lake City - Dial So. Main the swallow 248 Mattresses 3-1031 Beautyrest Throughout half flown.That has a world

Home may be a cockleshell, for chrysalis. /Cocoon MONEY EXTRA MAKE EXTRA NEED MONEY?

a single cell be Stationery SellHome Way! Friendly may Cards, and Gift Items The Christmas WESTERN f

edifice.Or towering PROFITS 21UP TO BIG 50% Cards Christmas the West. from new Show

sells approval for actual samples fast, $1 Send to on you Card Assortment pays up

Address Book, TREASSCROLL GOLDEN WRITE TODAY! a of art be workHome may Christmas Personalized For The Home,

others. Write 50c!URESCards, experience needed. now No that CO. SERVICE scarce enduresOr straw CARD AND BOOK FREE Samples. approval, assortments Imprint Calif. Pico, Whittier 8811But be a loving home may Dept. 8 94 STUDIOS,on ART L.D.S. Operated and OwnedBlvd., Street, Spring California Los Angeles I 12, heart, WESTERN257 Southfor thus to yours. comeAnd

rJULY 1952 551 N-*??; ut <OPQttfS

i Gallup, New Mexico There are many articles in the Era that help us in many

To: The Improvement Era ways.

Salt Lake City, Utah A million thanks to everyone who contributes such beautiful

Re: Woman and children converted to the gospel from reading poems and stories.

old Eras. May our heavenly Father bless each and everyone of you.

Tn June of 1947 we moved from Safford, Arizona, to Gallup, I am one of your Lamanite sisters in the gospel of Jesus * New Mexico. We left in the bookcase Eras for 194546 Christ.

and a few Relief Society Magazines. Sister Allred and I talked I si Miss Kathryn Polacca

to leave destroying them, the but decided magazines about I7?9} could they the people and if want them, moved in didn't who?}

rid of them. \ get Montevideo, Uruguay I9). was sold in July 1947 to a Mr. and Mrs. Adams. Dear Editors: Our home

After the Adams family moved into their new home, the chilTt was just yesterday that my companion and I received The dren found and began to read the Eras. Mrs. Adams, seeing * Improvement Era of January and February here in the inthe children reading and seemingly very much interested, asked terior branch of Minas, some 130 kilometers from Montevideo.

what they were reading and where they got the magazines. I read with a great deal of interest the articles, "Through the

They told her they were in the bookcase and that they liked Eyes of Youth."Once I fancied myself a writer, and decided

the stories very much; so Mrs. Adams started looking through to see how far my fancy carried me. The result is the enclosed

and reading the Eras also. As Mrs. Adams and her children "Let No Man Despise Thy Youth."...

read the Era, they wanted to know more about the gospel, so For the record, I was baptized June 18, 1950, a convert to

Mrs. Adams asked a bishop's counselor for help. The stake the Church, and arrived here some \S l/2 months ago on

missionaries were sent to see her. She told them of the Eras December 4, 1950. My parents are not members, but with

and asked about the gospel. The result: Mrs. Adams and her their help and help from Payson 3rd Ward I am being mainchildren were baptized into the Church of Jesus Christ of Lattertained here.

are the stories of enjoy the Saints. Era day We

studies. leaders enlighteningimmensely—particularlyand inspiring Church I had heard about all this from several of my friends, but the

i wanted to know and hear it from Sister Adams. So a few In particular I felt the life of Elder Widtsoe was tremendous,

weeks ago Sister Allred and I were in Safford, and I went to not only because of the man himself, but also because Elder; the home of Mr. and Mrs. Adams. There I met Sister Adams B owen's words were full of love and respect that each Church j

and her children and asked her to tell me the story of finding member feels, but never so nobly expresses.

:; the of to I told Eras the Church. conversion her her and labors, your God inspire I May

: it lips. to as hear she wanted from I was touched her own Cahill /s/ Elder Jerry P.

i told me the story and bore testimony of the truthfulness of of their told | the gospel happiness and in the Church—she''..- Tigirton R. I. Wise. I left the thankful Eras were in the bookcase. was

Editors, Dear ways. The gospel can be preached in many

r for several j receiving been Era have The Improvement

Clifford L. Allred * the courtesy Neely, Cornish, of Clarence through months

Utah. I wish to extend my many thanks for the wonderful

Camp Roberts, California magazine. I truly enjoy every feature.

Dear Editors: I am especially grateful to the missionaries that brought the

Asa soldier away from home I want to tell you that The restored gospel of Jesus Christ to our home as I am one of ** Improvement Era is really a vital source of inspiration to your Lamanite sisters.

: live according to Church standards—it lets us know what In closing I wish to extend again many thanks and may God

I the Church is doing and gives us the avenue by which we bless and prosper the good work.

| can receive the words of advice from the General Authorities. Sincerely,

So far I have been able to utilize its contents as a means of (Signed) Marcella Rachel Powless acquainting the fellows with the Church and its activities

i! foras itsomeis alwaysreason passedor otherout doesn'tto somereceiveother it.fellow member that Wales, Utah;

Magazine: Dear

Pvt. Victor L. Hansen visitor a regular in our home, been have years you many For

will: visit every than your you... more and we enjoyed

Athens, Greece ever know. But for nine months you failed to visit us (through I

Dear Editors: no fault of yours), and we missed you. Yesterday was a good

T)ossibly I am the only L.D.S. member in Greece or for miles day; you came to visit our home again; and you were very

V around, and The Improvement Era is the only means I welcome. It will be with glad hands and thankful hearts that

have in keeping contact with the Church. I look forward to it we will welcome you in the coming months.

as I never have before. Your March visit brought so many good things to read, all

I want to take this opportunity to thank those who are makworthy of "special mention."I wish every parent would read

ing it possible for me to have this magazine of all magazines. and remember "A Parent's Prayer"by La Vera Dunbar. It

May the Lord see fit to send missionaries to this foreign is a wonderful, beautiful prayer, worthy to be in every parent's;

land to fulfil ray heart's desires. heart.

Sincerely, May God continue to bless each one of you in the Era de-;

/s/ M/Sgt. Samuel Gadzia partment.

Sincerely, Mrs. Vay Anna Price

Fort Defiance, Arizona Dear Editors:

A gain I should like to express to you my sincere appreciation Santa Monica, Calif. \

** and satisfaction for the fine magazine, The Improvement Dear Editors:

Era. Keep them coming, for we do enjoy them all. What a pleasure to open The Improvement Era and read

In behalf of the Crystal community people also we wish to "Portrait."(March 1952.) The photograph and sonnet

extend appreciation for the fine magazine of each month. pictured one of my earliest memories. The line "Though like

Most of our Lamanite people around here can't read or write, as not..."made the poem perfect for me, listening as I do

but they say they enjoy the stories anyway when they get with an inherited New England sensibility....

someone to read it to them. The story about "Yellowface"Sincerely,

was exceptionally good. I enjoyed it very much. Velma Fehling

552 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The spacious Model #584 table is 69"long, seating six or more when open. When not in use, it closes

to a compact 23"wide, nesting two Model #63 1 A* chairs.

The current trend is toward smaller homes and apartments that make efficient use of every inch of space.

As space savers, Virtue Bros! gateleg,

m dropleaf fable dinettes are unsurpassed.

CHROME DINETTES se of small space

For further space saving the 534A Model closes to just 14''It is shown with chairs #621A? Both sets

are available in Grey, Red, Yellow, Green and Blue.

Foam rubber in chair seats

The West's largest manufacturer of chromefurniture

VIRTUE BROS. MFG. CO. 5701LOS WESTANGELESCENTURY45, CALIFORNIABOULEVARD

Sold at leading western and midwestern department andfurniture stores.

&$ Tmmik$p 4iM

LEADERS provide a worthwhile outlet for youthful energiesWISEthrough a balanced program of "spiritualized recreation."BENEFICIAL LIFE

Insurance Company needs of other financial provide for the education and PARENTS

David Life Insurance.w.ISEtheir children through program a balanced of Beneficial C'Utah O. McKay, Pm. \BB4BHC1AL/ Sa"

Ouer onequarter billion dollars of life insurance in force.